Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2020] SGHC 145

Suit No 1109 of 2018

Between

Lyu Yan @ Lu Yan

… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Lim Tien Chiang  
---|---  
(2)| Ang Jian Sheng Jonathan  
(3)| Lim ZhengDe  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Damages]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent]

[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy] — [Illegality under foreign law]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy] — [Fraudulent]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Breach of duty]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [When arising]

[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Account]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lyu Yan

  
v

  
Lim Tien Chiang

and others

[2020] SGHC 145

High Court — Suit No 1109 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
31 March, 1-3 April 2020, 1 June 2020

20 July 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff (“Lyu Yan”) was a private bank customer of BNP Paribas
Singapore (“BNP”). She wanted to transfer funds in RMB from her bank account
in China to her personal bank accounts in Singapore. In September 2018, her
relationship manager at BNP told her that the bank was unable to handle the
transaction, and instead referred her to the first defendant (“Joseph”).

2 On 4 September 2018, Lyu Yan contacted Joseph to discuss her proposed
remittance. On 6 September 2019, she instructed him to remit the equivalent of
US$3m in RMB from her Chinese bank account to her Singapore bank account with
Credit Suisse (“First Transaction”). For the First Transaction, Joseph used an
Indonesian remittance company, PT Niaga Lestari Remittance (“PT Niaga”). Lyu
Yan first transferred the relevant funds to various Chinese bank accounts (the
details for which were given to her by Joseph, who in turn said he had
received them from PT Niaga) on 6 September 2018. Four days later (ie, 10
September 2018), she successfully received the equivalent amount in USD in her
Singapore Credit Suisse bank account from a Hong Kong bank account.

3 Lyu Yan began discussing another remittance with Joseph (the “Second
Transaction”). On 16 October 2018, Lyu Yan agreed to engage Joseph’s services
(the “Agreement”) to convert RMB21,075,000 to US$3m at an exchange rate of
USD1 = RMB7.025, and to remit the funds in USD from her Chinese bank account
with China Merchant Bank to her Singapore bank account with BNP according to
the following process (“Remittance Process”):

(a) Joseph would provide Lyu Yan with a quotation of the exchange rate for the
day, and the funds available for the remittance;

(b) Lyu Yan would confirm the amount of RMB she wished to remit, and Joseph
would provide her with the details of the relevant Chinese bank accounts to
remit the funds to;

(c) The equivalent amount in USD, based on the agreed exchange rate, would be
remitted from Joseph’s counterparty’s Hong Kong bank account to Lyu Yan’s
Singapore bank account in the afternoon of the same day. Joseph would then
provide Lyu Yan with a remittance slip confirming the same.

(d) The funds in USD would be credited to Lyu Yan’s Singapore bank account in
two days.

Lyu Yan says the Agreement was a binding contract between Joseph and herself.
She also says, but Joseph denies, that Joseph also agreed to release her funds
in RMB to his counterparty only after she received the equivalent amount in
USD in her Singapore bank account (the “Escrow Arrangement”).

4 For the Second Transaction, Joseph sought the assistance of his ex-
colleague, the third defendant (“Derek”), who in turn brought on board the
second defendant (“Jonathan”). Joseph gave Lyu Yan the details of various
Chinese bank accounts, and on 16 October 2018 at 2.47pm, Lyu Yan followed his
instructions to make the following transfers from her Chinese bank account:

(a) RMB13,975,000 to two Chinese bank accounts in Jonathan’s name;

(b) RMB7,000,000 to one Chinese bank account in in Derek’s name; and

(c) RMB100,000 to one Chinese bank account in the name of one Kang Tie Tie
(“Kang”).

5 Jonathan and Derek admit that they had provided their bank account numbers
to Joseph to receive Lyu Yan’s transfers. As for Kang’s bank account, Joseph
admitted at trial that he had nominated it for the purpose of receiving his
commission. Between 17 and 18 October 2018, Jonathan and Derek say that:

(a) Jonathan transferred from his two Chinese bank accounts RMB13,970,000 to
various Chinese bank accounts nominated by a person known only as “Allan”, and
the remaining RMB5,000 to Joseph via WeChat; and

(b) Derek transferred all of the RMB7,000,000 he had received from Lyu Yan to
two bank accounts nominated by “Allan”.

Joseph admitted at trial that he took the RMB100,000 in Kang’s bank account as
his commission, and said that he shared it equally with the relationship
manager from BNP who had referred Lyu Yan to him.

6 In the days immediately following her transfers, from 16 to 19 October 2018,
Lyu Yan became anxious when she did not receive her funds in USD. She asked
Joseph several times by WhatsApp to complete the remittance, and demanded
explanations for the delay. Joseph gave various reasons to placate her,
including that 17 October 2018 was a public holiday in Hong Kong, and that the
original transfer of USD made by his counterparty had failed and that another
company would make the transfer instead. Joseph himself turned to Derek, who
told him the transfers of USD by Derek’s counterparty would be delayed. Joseph
appeared to have found out that Derek’s counterparty was “Allan” only on 18
October 2018, when Derek finally added him to a WhatsApp group chat, called
“Fast Remittance”, with “Allan” and Jonathan. In that group chat, “Allan” gave
various assurances that he would make the transfers, but stopped replying on
22 October 2018. From 23 to 30 October 2018, the parties attempted to resolve
the matter. Lyu Yan met Joseph, and spoke to Derek (via conference call) for
the first time on 23 October 2018, and met with Jonathan (for the first time),
Joseph and Derek on 30 October 2018. Nothing, however, came of these meetings.

7 Lyu Yan never saw her RMB21,075,000 again, nor did she receive the
equivalent amount in USD. She commenced this action against the defendants. As
regards Joseph, Lyu Yan claims the following:

(a) Breach of the Agreement (“Breach of Contract Claim”), and the US$3m which
she ought to have received, or alternatively, RMB21,075,000.

(b) Misrepresentation (“Misrepresentation Claim”), and the RMB21,0750,000 that
she had parted with upon being induced to enter into the Agreement.

She also seeks a declaration that the Agreement has been validly rescinded, or
rescission of the Agreement, and/or damages or damages to be assessed.

8 As against all the defendants, Lyu Yan pleaded the following:

(a) the defendants, or two or more of them acting together, are liable for
conspiracy to defraud her (“Conspiracy Claim”).

(b) the defendants are constructive trustees for her of all moneys received
purporting to relate to the Second Transaction (“Constructive Trust Claim”).

(c) the defendants are liable in unjust enrichment (“Unjust Enrichment
Claim”).

(d) the defendants owed her a duty to exercise reasonable care and skill in
converting and remitting her moneys (“Negligence Claim”), and fiduciary duties
(“Fiduciary Duties Claim”) in carrying out the same, and they breached those
duties. Further, Jonathan and Derek dishonestly assisted Joseph to act in
breach of trust and his fiduciary duties (“Dishonest Assistance Claim”),
and/or knowingly received moneys which they knew had been transferred pursuant
to Joseph’s breaches of fiduciary duties to Lyu Yan (“Knowing Receipt Claim”).

9 Lyu Yan thereby claims the following reliefs against all the defendants on a
joint and several basis:

(a) The sum of RMB 21,075,000.

(b) A declaration as to what sums in the hands of the defendants are her
assets.

(c) An order that the defendants account to her for the sum of RMB 21,075,000,
for all necessary enquiries to be made in connection with the taking of the
account, and for payment by the defendants to her of all sums found to be due
on the taking of the account.

(d) Alternatively, damages or damages to be assessed, or equitable
compensation.

10 As to the Breach of Contract Claim against Joseph alone, Joseph’s defence
admits to the Agreement (as defined in [3] above), but strangely, also
disputes its terms. Joseph claims that Lyu Yan knew that it was his contacts
in the remittance industry who would carry out the Second Transaction, and
that his only obligation, which he fulfilled, was to act as a “middleman” to
“connect” her to them. Joseph’s counsel, Mr Gino Hardial Singh, argued that
Lyu Yan had been informed by Joseph that different counterparties (ie, PT
Niaga and a “Hong Kong company”) would be carrying out the conversion and
remittance in the First and the Second Transactions, and hence must have known
that Joseph would not be doing the same himself. Mr Singh said it was Jonathan
and Derek who had breached their obligation to carry out the Second
Transaction.

11 As Mr Yap pointed out, Joseph’s position in [10] above is inconsistent with
his pleadings, where he admitted to the Agreement, as defined at [3] above. It
is also unclear what Joseph meant when he said that he had fulfilled his only
obligation, which was to “connect” Lyu Yan with his contacts. The evidence,
including Lyu Yan’s WhatsApp exchanges with him from 4 September to 16 October
2018, shows that Lyu Yan only knew that Joseph was working with other parties
to arrange the Second Transaction. Joseph was not expected to tell her who his
counterparties were or put her in touch with them, and in fact did neither of
these things until after 19 and 23 October 2018, when it was already clear
from the delays in the transfer of USD that something was amiss. He also did
not tell Lyu Yan about his counterparties’ intended course of action,
including their use of yet another counterparty to carry out the Second
Transaction.

12 In my view, after Lyu Yan had transferred the RMB21,075,000, Joseph’s
obligation under the Agreement was to ensure that in accordance with the
Remittance Process, the funds are converted into USD, and the sum of US$3m is
remitted from his counterparty’s Hong Kong bank account to Lyu Yan’s Singapore
bank account. He was not obliged to carry out the conversion and remittance
personally. In his WhatsApp exchanges with Lyu Yan between 4 September to 15
October 2018, Joseph confirmed to Lyu Yan that (a) he could remit certain
amounts of funds for her; (b) he would have certain amounts of funds available
for conversion and remittance; and (c) he could prepare the necessary
documentation for Lyu Yan’s Singapore bank. Although Lyu Yan knew that Joseph
would be working with other parties to effect the conversion and remittance of
funds, this is consistent with my finding that ultimately, Joseph was
responsible to Lyu Yan for making the proper arrangements with these parties.
Further, in Mr Singh’s own submissions in relation to the Misrepresentation
Claim, he said that most of the representations made by Joseph to Lyu Yan
(including that Joseph was “able to arrange” the remittance of several
millions in USD, and that his “remittance services were safe”) are true. I do
not think, however, that Joseph was obliged to observe the Escrow Arrangement.
Although Joseph did tell Lyu Yan on 10 September 2018 that he would continue
to observe the Escrow Arrangement for the First Transaction, the matter was
simply not discussed prior to the Second Transaction underlying the Agreement.

13 The defendants all raised the defence that the Agreement is illegal under
Chinese law, and therefore void and unenforceable in Singapore as being
contrary to public policy. Mr Singh submitted that the doctrine of foreign
illegality comprises two separate strands, both explored in the Court of
Appeal decision in Peh Teck Quee v Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale [1999] 3
SLR(R) 842 (“Peh Teck Quee”). That decision is to be followed in preference to
the High Court decision in Singapore Finance Ltd v Soetanto [1992] 1 SLR(R)
645, which Lyu Yan’s counsel, Mr Jimmy Yap, cited.

14 The first strand, based on the rule in the English decision in Foster v
Driscoll and others [1929] 1 KB 470 (“Foster v Driscoll”), is a principle of
domestic public policy that a Singapore court will not enforce a contract or
award damages for its breach, if its object would involve doing an act in a
foreign and friendly state which would violate the law of that state (see BCBC
Singapore Pte Ltd and another v PT Bayan Resources TBK and another [2016] 4
SLR 1 at [175]). The second strand is based on the English decision in Ralli
Brothers v Compania Naviera Sota y Aznar [1920] 2 KB 287 (“Ralli Brothers”),
discussed further below. Mr Singh relied on the rules in both decisions,
whereas Mr Chooi Jing Yen, counsel for Jonathan and Derek, relied only on the
former.

15 Under Foster v Driscoll, the first question is whether the Agreement
violates foreign law. Jonathan and Derek adduced a report from their expert
witness, Mr Ren Gulong, to support their case that the Agreement violates
Chinese law. Joseph relied on Mr Ren’s report, and did not adduce any expert
evidence of his own. The transaction which Mr Ren was asked to examine was Lyu
Yan’s transfer of funds to the four nominated bank accounts, and the
subsequent transfers to an unlicensed money changer (ie, “Allan”). Mr Ren’s
report said that under Chinese law, the transaction would violate (a) a legal
requirement for Lyu Yan to apply for approval from a Chinese government
authority to transfer her personal property out of China; (b) a legal
requirement to trade foreign exchange with only “authorised financial
institutions in China”; and (c) a legal prohibition against the “sale and
purchase of foreign exchange in private in China”. As to the latter two
violations, Mr Ren explained that it was “obvious that [Lyu Yan] attempted to
trade foreign exchange with a person who is not an authorized financial
institution”. He said that in China, a contract violating the first two laws
may be held invalid as it “undermines social and public interest”, whereas a
contract is invalid if it violates “mandatory provisions of laws and
administrative regulations”, and the last-mentioned law was both of these
things. He concluded that an agreement to enter into the transaction would be
void and unenforceable in China.

16 The report from Lyu Yan’s expert, Mr Tao Shan, only addressed the
consequences of holding a contract illegal under the relevant Chinese laws. I
thus accept the uncontradicted evidence of Mr Ren (as set out above), with one
qualification. Mr Ren’s conclusion above was based on “Allan” not being an
“authorised financial institution” in China, but his involvement was not part
of the Agreement. Nonetheless, it is not seriously disputed that Joseph is
also not an “authorised financial institution” in China. I hence accept that
the Agreement would violate Chinese law.

17 Counsel all accepted that under the rule in Foster v Driscoll, at the time
of contracting, the parties’ real object must have been to violate the laws of
a foreign country. The defendants’ case is that Joseph and Lyu Yan had a
common understanding that the Second Transaction was illegal under Chinese
foreign exchange laws. Mr Singh pointed out, inter alia, that in the First
Transaction, Lyu Yan had requested (via WhatsApp) on 4 September 2018 that
Joseph provide a “loan document” because “my [Singapore] bank manager [from
Credit Suisse] said you need to provide a borrowing contract”. When cross-
examined on the purported loan, she said that:

My bank manager told me that if I were to transfer money from China to another
account in China, it would be as if I was lending money to this person. And if
this person repays me the money from overseas, then this would be acceptable
to the [Singapore] bank…

Lyu Yan acknowledged, however, that “this was not the true state of affairs”.
On 15 October 2018, prior to the Second Transaction, Joseph told her he could
again prepare the “document certificates suitable for BNP” and Lyu Yan agreed.
It is thus clear that Lyu Yan knew that the First and Second Transactions were
not genuine loans, and intended to submit those documents to the Singapore
bank to show that the money was deposited pursuant to a loan contract.
According to Mr Singh, this showed that Lyu Yan knew that the Agreement
violated Chinese foreign exchange laws, and wanted to conceal that violation.
There is no evidence, however, that the document was shown, or intended to be
shown, to any Chinese bank or authority.

18 The evidence as to whether Lyu Yan intended to violate Chinese foreign
exchange laws is finely balanced. Insofar as the fictitious loan document is
concerned, it is clear that Lyu Yan had requested it only because her Credit
Suisse bank manager told her that the Singapore bank required it. Although it
may appear that she intended to violate Singapore law, that is not the
defendants’ case. Their case is only that she intended to violate Chinese law.
In my view, Lyu Yan just wanted Joseph to assist her to satisfy the bank’s
documentary requirement, whatever the reason for the requirement might have
been.

19 Although Joseph said he shared a “common understanding” with Lyu Yan
regarding the foreign illegality, there is no evidence that this point was
discussed before the time of contracting. For the First Transaction, Joseph
had told Lyu Yan he would be using an Indonesian licensed remittance company.
For the Second Transaction, he did not say he would also use a licensed
remittance company, but neither did he say he would use an unlicensed one. I
do not think Lyu Yan’s common intention can be inferred from such silence.
Joseph said he had himself been lied to by Derek, who said he would be using a
licensed remittance company, but in any event, Joseph also did not tell Lyu
Yan about the involvement of Jonathan or Derek until after 22 October 2018.
Even on 19 October 2018, when Lyu Yan asked him “What on earth is the
relationship between the Hong Kong company and you, are they legal?” Joseph
continued to maintain that “All are legal, if illegal, will not transfer for
private bank clients”.

20 Generally, Lyu Yan’s evidence on affidavit and on the stand was consistent
in that she was seeking a legal method of transferring her funds in China to
Singapore, and had asked her BNP relationship manager to refer her to someone
who could assist. She admitted she was aware that Chinese foreign exchange
laws only allowed her to transfer US$50,000 annually directly from her Chinese
bank accounts out of China. She thought, however, that it would be legal for
her to transfer funds from one Chinese bank account to another, and have a
counterparty transfer the equivalent amount in USD from Hong Kong to
Singapore. I find Lyu Yan’s evidence to be credible in this regard. Mr Ren’s
report did not say that this way of structuring the transaction would be
illegal in China, although the Chinese cases he cited suggested so.

21 Based on the parties’ WhatsApp messages, and Lyu Yan’s demeanour and
testimony at trial, I do not think that she intended to violate Chinese
foreign exchange laws (including those specified in Mr Ren’s report), or to
disguise the Second Transaction as a loan for the purpose of hiding such a
violation from Chinese authorities. From her perspective, the Second
Transaction was already legal under Chinese law, and the loan document was
meant to satisfy the Singapore bank’s requirements. The Agreement is thus not
unenforceable under the rule in Foster v Discroll ([14] supra).

22 I turn to the rule in Ralli Brothers ([14] supra), which only Mr Singh
relied on. In that case, Spanish shippers entered an agreement with English
charterers for the shipment of goods from Calcutta to Barcelona. Under the
agreement, which was governed by English law, the shippers would pay freight
at £50 per ton upon arrival in Barcelona. After the ship had set sail, but
before it arrived in Barcelona, Spain passed a law prohibiting the charging of
freight above £10 per ton. The English courts found that the charterers were
not entitled to claim the balance of £40 per ton, because the charging of
freight above £10 was illegal at the place of performance, the lex loci
solutionis.

23 As the Court of Appeal observed in Peh Teck Quee ([13] supra; at [44]),
there is considerable debate over whether Ralli Brothers is authority for an
independent conflict of laws principle that a contract is, in general, invalid
so far as its performance is unlawful by its lex loci solutionis (whatever its
proper law), or simply a domestic rule of English contract law that regards a
supervening illegality as a frustrating event leading to a discharge of the
contract.

24 Neither counsel made any argument to justify which interpretation is
correct. Mr Yap simply proceeded on the basis of the first interpretation. Mr
Singh failed to make clear whether he was relying on either or both. He
submitted that since “at least part of the performance of the Agreement took
place in China as a matter of fact”, the “proper law of contract, as to the
mode of performance was China” and that performance being illegal in China,
the Agreement was thus unenforceable.

25 It is unnecessary for me to decide which of the two interpretations is
correct, as I find that neither assists the defendants. Applying the first
interpretation, the court must first decide the place of performance of the
obligation that it is being asked to enforce (see Peh Teck Quee at [45]). That
obligation is Joseph’s obligation to ensure that US$3m is remitted from his
counterparty’s Hong Kong bank account to Lyu Yan’s Singapore bank account.
Joseph confirmed at trial that under the Remittance Process, there would not
be any USD or RMB transferred out of China. I thus agree with Mr Yap that the
place of performance of Joseph’s obligation would likely be either Hong Kong
or Singapore, and not China. None of the defendants adduced evidence or
submitted that Joseph’s performance of his obligation would be illegal in
either Hong Kong or Singapore. The Agreement is hence not unenforceable on
this interpretation of Ralli Brothers.

26 Even if I apply the second interpretation of Ralli Brothers ([14] supra), I
am unpersuaded by Mr Singh that the proper law of the Agreement is Chinese
law. Mr Yap made no submission on this point. There is no inference that can
be drawn as to the parties’ intentions regarding the proper law of the
Agreement. Insofar as the court must identify the system of law the Agreement
has its most close and real connection with, Mr Singh’s point that one part of
the Agreement was to be performed in China (ie, Lyu Yan’s transfer of funds)
is neutralised by the fact that under the other part, the USD was to be
remitted from Hong Kong and received in Singapore. Mr Singh did not address
any of the other factors relevant to this issue, even though, for example, the
place of residence or business of all the defendants, and perhaps, also Lyu
Yan, appeared to be in Singapore and pointed in favour of Singapore law. There
being no evidence that Joseph’s performance of his obligation would be illegal
anywhere except in China, I do not think Mr Singh has shown that the Agreement
should be unenforceable under the second interpretation of Ralli Brothers.

27 The defence of foreign illegality is thus not made out. It is undisputed
that Lyu Yan never received her moneys in RMB or USD. I thus find that Joseph
breached his obligation as set out at [12] above. As Lyu Yan is entitled to be
placed in the same position she would have been in had Joseph performed his
obligation, Joseph is hence liable to her for US$3m.

28 As to the Misrepresentation Claim, Lyu Yan claimed that Joseph represented
the following to her, thereby inducing her to enter into the Agreement:

(a) that his company was an Indonesian licensed remittance company, PT Niaga.

(b) that he/his company had the ability to arrange for the remittance of up to
several millions in USD via electronic bank transfer in a single transaction;

(c) he/his company was able to satisfy any documentation requests from Lyu
Yan’s banks, including BNP;

(d) that his/his company’s remittance services were safe and used by other
clients regularly;

(e) that his company in Singapore was at Raffles Place;

(f) that he/his company had sufficient funds on hand to arrange for an
exchange and remittance of US$3m;

(g) that he would only transfer the Lyu Yan’s funds in RMB to his counterparty
upon receipt of proof that the counterparty had remitted the USD to her (ie,
the Escrow Arrangement); and

(h) that he was in the business of providing remittance services and/or was
the owner of a company providing remittance services

(respectively, “Representations A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H”).

29 Mr Yap’s submissions confined the Misrepresentation Claim to fraudulent (as
opposed to negligent or innocent) misrepresentation. I dismiss the claim for
the following reasons:

(a) Representation A was not made.

(b) The falsity of Representation B has not been proven.

(c) Representation C was abandoned in Lyu Yan’s closing submissions, and in
any event, its falsity is not proven.

(d) Representation D comprises a statement of opinion (which is not
actionable) and a statement whose falsity is not proven.

(e) The falsity of Representation E is not proven, and even if it is false, it
did not materially induce Lyu Yan into entering the Agreement.

(f) As to Representation F, it is unclear what having “sufficient funds on
hand” means, and its falsity is not proven.

(g) Representation G was not pleaded in the Misrepresentation Claim and in any
case, it was not made.

(h) Representation H was abandoned in Lyu Yan’s closing submissions.

30 As to the Conspiracy Claim, there is a lack of evidence showing a
conspiracy between Joseph on the one hand, and Jonathan and/or Derek on the
other, to defraud Lyu Yan. In my view, Joseph’s testimony at trial and his
WhatsApp exchanges with Lyu Yan, as well as with Jonathan and Derek, before
and after the commencement of the Second Transaction, show that he was
genuinely wanted to ensure that the Second Transaction was successfully
carried out so that he could earn his commission. In particular, his WhatsApp
messages to Derek from 16 to 23 October 2018 showed that he was pressing Derek
for the transfer of USD, and asking for an explanation as to the delays. I
hence dismiss this claim. To Mr Yap’s credit, he appeared to have abandoned
this argument at trial.

31 As to Jonathan and Derek, Mr Chooi submitted that like Joseph, the two were
simply in it for the commission. They had allegedly agreed with “Allan” to
convert RMB20,970,000 at an exchange rate of USD1 = RMB6.97, before agreeing
with Joseph on the rate of USD1 = RMB6.99, so that they could profit from the
difference and share it between themselves. As mentioned, they said that the
RMB20,970,000 they had received was transferred into Chinese bank accounts
nominated by “Allan”. They relied on bank account statements and remittance
slips to evidence these transfers, and screenshots (adduced by Joseph) of
WhatsApp messages sent to them, purportedly showing “Allan’s” instructions to
Derek to transfer moneys to certain accounts. As mentioned, there was a
WhatsApp group chat named “Fast Remittance” between Jonathan, Derek, and
“Allan”, to which Joseph was added on 18 October 2018 at 9.36pm, after the
transfer of the USD was delayed. “Allan” acknowledged in this chat that he had
received the funds in RMB, but gave various reasons for the delay in
transferring the USD. His last reply was on 22 October 2018, after which he
disappeared.

32 Jonathan and Derek’s case is that “Allan” exists, and it was “Allan” who
had disappeared with the moneys. Derek says that “Allan” was his contact, and
is an unlicensed moneychanger in China to whom he had been introduced through
one “Lan Da Tong” and whom he had worked with in a similar transaction in
2017. Save for “Allan’s” WhatsApp contact number, however, Derek claimed he
had no other contact details. Both Jonathan and Derek said that they had
deleted all their messages relating to the Second Transaction, including those
with “Allan”, Joseph, and between themselves. They testified that in this
“underground banking system”, it was standard practice to do so for fear of
criminal prosecution in China.

33 I do not believe Jonathan and Derek’s claim that “Allan” exists. The
accounts allegedly nominated by “Allan” were in the names of various
unidentified persons. Jonathan and Derek themselves testified that it is
standard practice in the underground remittance industry in China to set up
fictitious “tua pek kong” or “burner” accounts, to be used for the quick
transfer of funds and then closed. Jonathan and Derek could not identify who
these nominated account-holders were, and there is simply no way of knowing
who actually controlled the accounts.

34 As for the purported WhatsApp instructions from “Allan” to transfer the
moneys to the nominated accounts, they only account for RMB7,870,000 of Lyu
Yan’s funds, leaving RMB13,100,000 unaccounted for. Just like “Allan’s”
acknowledgements on WhatsApp that he had received the funds in RMB, there is
no way of knowing whether these messages are genuine. All we have is a contact
number, and Jonathan and Derek’s word that “Allan” exists. Even Jonathan
himself agreed in cross-examination that “Allan” could be anyone, including
himself or Derek. The two have no one but themselves to blame for the lack of
evidence, having deleted all the messages in their possession that might have
helped their case if true. As Mr Yap pointed out, both testified that they
knew it was possible to recover deleted phone messages. Despite the importance
of such evidence to the present suit, however, Jonathan made no attempt at
recovery while Derek claimed that he had tried but lost his phone. Nothing was
said of “Lan Da Tong”, who might have supported Derek’s claim that he got to
know “Allan” through him.

35 There were also several troubling aspects of how the transfers from
Jonathan and Derek’s Chinese bank accounts took place. On 15 October 2018,
while arranging the Second Transaction, Joseph asked Derrick which company
would be remitting the USD from the Hong Kong bank account, and the latter
initially told him it would be a company called “Vinyard Knight Hong Kong Ltd”
(“Vinyard HK”). Jonathan and Derek describe themselves as “business partners”
in this company. At trial, Derek said “we do not have a Vinyard HK bank
account…we tried…to get a bank account, we can’t get it”. Mr Yap then pointed
out that this was inconsistent with his aforementioned WhatsApp message. Derek
responded that “[they] were in the midst of getting a bank account for Vinyard
HK”. When Mr Yap pressed the point, Derek changed his explanation, saying that
“I believe I have the corporate account”, but it was later “cancelled” and “we
closed [it] down”. I doubt whether Vinyard HK even had a bank account with
which to make the transfers of USD at the material time, and this reinforces
Mr Yap’s submission that Derek (along with Jonathan) had intended to defraud
Lyu Yan all along.

36 Further, on 18 October 2018 at 7.08pm, after many exchanges regarding the
delay in the transfer of the USD, Derek messaged Joseph on WeChat, saying that
he was unable to contact “Allan”. The remittance slips (relied upon by
Jonathan and Derek) show that at this point, only Derek had fully transferred
the funds in his Chinese bank account to the accounts purportedly nominated by
“Allan”; Jonathan had not yet done the same. At 7.15pm, Joseph asked Derek to
stop the transfers until he could get a hold of “Allan”. Jonathan, however,
continued transferring the remaining funds throughout the night. When asked
why he did not tell Jonathan to stop the transfers, Derek claimed he could not
reach Jonathan, and said he had called Joseph, who agreed to continue the
transfers. No evidence exists to substantiate Derek’s claim. At 7.39pm, Derek
told Joseph that all the funds in RMB had been transferred out, even though,
as Derek admitted at trial, this was untrue. In fact, the remittance slips
show that Jonathan had not transferred all the funds in RMB that he had
received to the nominated accounts until 12.11am on 19 October 2018, at the
earliest.

37 Jonathan and Derek’s story is also that all the funds in RMB had to be
transferred to “Allan” first, before “Allan” would transfer the funds in USD.
But on 18 October 2018, between 9.37pm to 10.48pm, in the “Fast Remittance”
WhatsApp group chat, Derek asked “Allan” to send him the “usd slip” confirming
the transfer of the USD as soon as possible, and “Allan” replied “You said RMB
transfer done. All done?”, and “Tmrw”. As Mr Yap and Mr Singh pointed out, it
was curious for Derek to ask, and for “Allan” to agree without the slightest
resistance, that “Allan” transfer US$3m even though the transfer of the RMB
was incomplete. In my view, the circumstances of “Allan’s” alleged involvement
are highly suspicious, and I am not persuaded he actually exists.

38 If “Allan” does not exist, then it must have been Jonathan and Derek who
misappropriated the moneys. Based on what we do know, I find that Jonathan and
Derek conspired to defraud Lyu Yan of the RMB20,970,000 they had received. The
combination between the two can be inferred from the fact that they worked
closely on the Second Transaction together. Derek was the one who brought
Jonathan on board, and they admitted discussing the Second Transaction over
WhatsApp between themselves, and with Joseph. Both their bank accounts were
also used to receive the funds in question. Their various misrepresentations
to Joseph (including after 16 October 2018 regarding “Allan’s” purported
involvement), which they clearly knew and/or intended would be conveyed to Lyu
Yan, as well as their actual receipt of Lyu Yan’s moneys and subsequent
transfers of the same elsewhere, amounts to fraud. Although they did not know
Lyu Yan personally, they knew that the funds belonged to Joseph’s client and
were meant to be converted and remitted to her Singapore bank account. I find
that they intended to injure her by misappropriating her moneys, which they
did. From the manner he chose to answer the questions put to him, Derek seems
to me to be a person who knew more than he cared to admit, and was evasive
whenever it suited him. Jonathan seems to me the henchman for Derek.

39 As to damages, Lyu Yan is entitled to be placed in the same position that
she would have been in had the tort not been committed. I find Jonathan and
Derek jointly and severally liable to Lyu Yan for the RMB20,970,000 that they
had received between themselves, and misappropriated together. They are not
liable for the remaining RMB105,000, since Joseph would have taken that sum as
his commission, whether or not they committed the tort.

40 I am also satisfied that Joseph owed Lyu Yan a duty to exercise reasonable
care in converting and remitting her moneys. His actions had a direct causal
bearing on her loss. There is circumstantial proximity as the two entered into
a predefined arrangement to carry out the Second Transaction. Further, the
Remittance Process required Lyu Yan to take the first step by transferring her
funds to bank accounts given to her by Joseph. Joseph knew that these were
people who were nominated solely by him or his counterparty, and not known to
Lyu Yan. He knew that she depended on him to handle her funds, and that vis-à-
vis her, he would be in complete control of the same. There is hence legal
proximity. I do not think that this prima facie duty of care is negated by any
policy considerations. Mr Singh argued that since Lyu Yan was engaged in a
joint (foreign) illegal enterprise with Joseph, no liability in negligence
should be imposed. I reject this argument given my finding that Lyu Yan did
not share in the common object to violate Chinese law.

41 On the issue of breach, Mr Singh argued, inter alia, that Derek had
represented to Joseph that he worked with licensed remittance companies, and
that the Second Transaction would be carried out by Vinyard HK, but this was
later changed to another company called “Golden Country Corporation Limited”.
Mr Singh said it was reasonable for Joseph to have believed that Derek would
use “licensed remittance companies”, especially since the “underground
remittance industry” relied on trust. In my view, whatever Derek may have
said, a reasonable person ought to have taken steps to verify the truth.
Joseph failed to expressly confirm beforehand which companies Derek would be
using for the Second Transaction, and verify whether they were licensed. Even
at trial, he did not know the answer to the latter question. When given the
details of the bank accounts in Jonathan and Derek’s own names, he also did
not verify if they actually belonged to the company being used. Given that
there was no express discussion with Lyu Yan about whether a licensed
remittance company had to be used, it would then be incumbent on him to inform
her if he planned to use an unlicensed one. Joseph did none of these of
things, and fell far short of his standard of care.

42 As to Jonathan and Derek, I also find that they owed Lyu Yan a duty to
exercise reasonable care in converting and remitting her moneys. Although they
were a step removed compared to Joseph, they knew that his client would
transferring moneys to bank accounts nominated by them, and that once the
moneys were in their hands, they would be in complete control and Joseph’s
client would be completely reliant on them to convert and remit her moneys
safely. Mr Chooi made a similar argument to Mr Singh’s at [40] above, which I
reject for the same reason. Having found that Jonathan and Derek defrauded Lyu
Yan of her moneys, they were clearly in breach of their duty of care.

43 As to damages for negligence, Lyu Yan is entitled to be placed in the same
position that she would have been in had the defendants not been negligent. I
find that but for Joseph’s breach, Lyu Yan would not have made the transfers
leading to the loss of her whole RMB21,075,000. I also find that but for
Jonathan and Derek’s breaches, she would not have lost the RMB20,970,000 that
she transferred into their accounts. I do not think Jonathan and Derek’s
fraudulent conspiracy breaks the chain of causation between Joseph’s
negligence and Lyu Yan’s loss of this RMB20,970,000. Joseph had a duty to take
reasonable steps to verify whether Jonathan and Derek used licensed remittance
companies, or were in fact frauds. It was not submitted, and is in any event
speculative to claim, that even if Joseph had done the necessary
verifications, Jonathan and Derek’s fraud would still have succeeded, for
example, because they would have falsified licence documents. I thus find
that:

(a) Joseph, Jonathan and Derek are jointly and severally liable to Lyu Yan for
RMB20,970,000. To be clear, Jonathan and Derek are joint tortfeasors vis-à-vis
each other. But vis-à-vis Joseph, they are several tortfeasors responsible for
the whole of the same loss.

(b) Joseph is alone liable for the remaining RMB105,000.

44 As to the apportionment of liability between the defendants themselves,
none of the defendants’ pleadings claimed a contribution from the others in
the event that I find (as I have in [43(a)] above) that they are held liable
in respect of the same damage (ie, under section 15 of the Civil Law Act (Cap
43, 1999 Rev Ed), or otherwise). Although I view Jonathan and Derek as far
more culpable than Joseph for Lyu Yan’s loss, the issue does not arise for my
consideration.

45 As to the Unjust Enrichment Claim, Mr Singh complained that it had not been
properly pleaded against Joseph. Although Lyu Yan’s pleadings could be much
clearer, my view is that the defendants had sufficient notice of the case
against them since Lyu Yan had pleaded that “the consideration for the payment
of her RMB21,075,000 to the defendants has wholly failed”, and the reliefs for
this claim was sought against all of them on a joint and several basis.

46 To make out this claim, there must be enrichment of the defendant, at the
expense of the plaintiff, and circumstances which make the enrichment unjust.
As to the last limb (ie, the unjust factor), Mr Yap submitted that there was a
total failure of basis. As to Joseph, I agree with Mr Yap that the basis of
Lyu Yan’s transfers to him was for him to ensure that the equivalent sum in
USD is remitted from his counterparty’s Hong Kong bank account to her
Singapore bank account. That basis has completely failed. Out of the
RMB21,075,000 transferred by Lyu Yan, Joseph received RMB105,000 as his
commission, and he has admitted at trial that he still holds those moneys. He
has thus been enriched to that extent, and is liable to return that amount.

47 As to Jonathan and Derek, Mr Chooi argued that they had made no promise to
Lyu Yan, of which a failure to perform could constitute total failure of basis
(especially since they were not even known to Lyu Yan at the time of the
transfers on 16 October 2018). Mr Yap correctly submitted, however, that the
unjust factor of “total failure of basis” may arise in a non-contractual
context where transfers are made to further a particular purpose, and that
purpose fails (see Zhou Weidong v Liew Kai Lung and others [2018] 3 SLR 1236
(“Zhou Weidong”) at [72]). In Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment
(Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) (Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Stephen
Watterson eds), it has been explained that the idea underlying failure of
basis is that “a benefit has been conferred on the joint understanding that
the recipient’s right to retain it is conditional. If the condition is not
fulfilled, the recipient must return the benefit” [emphasis added].

48 I agree with Mr Yap that the basis of the transfers to Jonathan and Derek
was for them convert Lyu Yan’s moneys to USD, and remit the funds to her
Singapore bank account. In multi-party cases, it has been acknowledged that it
is not entirely clear how the requirement of a “joint understanding” will be
satisfied (see Zhou Weidong at [73]). Here, the question is whether Lyu Yan
must have formed a common understanding directly with Jonathan and Derek. In
my view, that is unnecessary. The basis of the transfers was communicated by
Lyu Yan to Joseph, who on his own accord, enlisted the help of Derek, who in
turn enlisted Jonathan. There was a common understanding between Joseph,
Jonathan and Derek that the moneys were meant to be converted and remitted to
Lyu Yan. That purpose has failed. As mentioned, Jonathan and Derek received
RMB13,975,000 (of which RMB5,000 was given to Joseph) and RMB7,000,000
respectively. Since I have found both of them to have conspired with each
other and it is not known how they had dealt with the funds between
themselves, they are jointly and severally liable for the RMB20,970,000. Mr
Chooi also raised the defences of ministerial receipt and change of position.
Given that I am not satisfied that “Allan” exists, I do not think they fulfil
the requirement of good faith and reject both defences.

49 I also dismiss the Fiduciary Duties Claim against all the defendants.
Fiduciary duties are owed when a party has undertaken to act for on behalf of
another in a particular matter in circumstances which give rise to a
relationship of trust and confidence. The distinguishing obligation of a
fiduciary is the obligation of single-minded loyalty (see Ng Eng Ghee and
others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd,
intervener) and another appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 at [135]). There is,
however, nothing exceptional on these facts showing that any of the defendants
had undertaken to put Lyu Yan’s interests ahead of his own. As to the
Constructive Trust, Dishonest Assistance and Knowing Receipt Claims, Lyu Yan
no longer pursued them in her closing and reply submissions, and it is hence
unnecessary for me to deal with them.

50 In summary, I have made the following findings:

(a) Under the Breach of Contract Claim, Joseph is liable to Lyu Yan for US$3m.

(b) The Misrepresentation Claim against Joseph is dismissed.

(c) Under the Conspiracy Claim, Joseph is not liable, but Jonathan and Derek
are jointly and severally liable to Lyu Yan for RMB20,970,000.

(d) Under the Negligence Claim:

(i) Joseph, Jonathan and Derek are jointly and severally liable to Lyu Yan for
RMB20,970,000; and

(ii) Joseph is liable for the remaining RMB105,000.

(e) Under the Unjust Enrichment Claim:

(i) Jonathan and Derek are jointly and severally liable for RMB20,970,000; and

(ii) Joseph is liable for the remaining RMB105,000.

(f) The Fiduciary Claim against all the defendants is dismissed.

As Lyu Yan is not entitled to double recovery, the remedies at sub-paragraphs
(c), (d) and (e), insofar as they are for the same loss, are alternative to
each other. The remedies in sub-paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) are also
alternative to that at (a).

51 There will thus be judgment for Lyu Yan, at her election, for either the
US$3m against Joseph, or for:

(a) RMB20,970,000 against Joseph, Jonathan and Derek jointly and severally;
and

(b) RMB105,000 against Joseph only.

Under s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), interest on the
judgment sum(s) will run from the date on which the writ was issued to the
date of this judgment, at 5.33% per annum. I will hear parties on the issue of
costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Jimmy Yap (Jimmy Yap & Co.) for the plaintiff;  
Gino Hardial Singh and Pai Aniket Rajendra (Abbots Chambers LLC) for the first
defendant;  
Chooi Jing Yen and Hamza Malik (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the second and
third defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

