Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 142

Suit No 441 of 2016

Between

(1)| OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway Corp
Ltd)  
---|---  
(2)| IHC Medical Re Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Crest Catalyst Equity Pte Ltd  
(3)| The Enterprise Fund III Ltd  
(4)| VMF3 Ltd  
(5)| Value Monetization III Ltd  
(6)| Fan Kow Hin  
(7)| Aathar Ah Kong Andrew  
(8)| Lim Beng Choo  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Shadow directors]

[Companies] — [Capital] — [Share capital]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Agency] — [Evidence of agency]

[Agency] — [Principal]

[Trusts] — [Accessory liability]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [When arising] — [Duties]

[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Equitable compensation]

[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Rectification]

[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy] — [Statutory illegality]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Implied terms]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

[Damages] — [Assessment]

[Civil procedure] — [Costs] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway Corp Ltd)
and another

  
v

  

Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC 142

High Court — Suit No 441 of 2016  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
3–5, 9–12, 23–26 July, 13–16, 20–22 August, 23 August 2019, 29 November 2019,
22 June 2020

9 July 2020 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 In this suit, the plaintiffs claim against the defendants for their roles in
causing the first plaintiff, OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as
International Healthway Corp Ltd) (“IHC”), to enter into a credit facility (to
be referred to as the “Standby Facility”), and to use the funds to indirectly
acquire its own shares.

2 The plaintiffs rely on three causes of action. First, the plaintiffs claim
that as officers of IHC, the sixth defendant, Mr Fan Kow Hin (“Mr Fan”) and
the eighth defendant, Ms Lim Beng Choo (“Ms Lim”), acted in breach of their
duties to IHC. Second, the plaintiffs claim that the first to fifth defendants
(the funding entities which are collectively referred to as the “Crest
entities”), the seventh defendant, Mr Andrew Ah Kong Aathar (a substantial
shareholder of IHC whom I shall refer to as “Mr Aathar”) and Ms Lim provided
dishonest assistance to Mr Fan. Third, the plaintiffs claim that all the
defendants engaged in a conspiracy by unlawful means to injure IHC. As a
result of the defendants’ conduct, the plaintiffs suffered losses in
connection with the Standby Facility, as well as another credit facility known
as the “Geelong Facility”.

3 The Crest entities and Mr Lim defend the claims on various grounds. They
also brought counterclaims against the plaintiffs. Although Mr Fan is a
bankrupt, the plaintiffs obtained leave to continue with the action against
him. Mr Fan, however, did not file a defence. He is not represented in the
proceedings. Mr Aathar filed a bare defence. However, by the time of the
trial, there was a stay of the proceedings against him. This was pursuant to a
voluntary arrangement approved by Mr Aathar’s creditors under the Bankruptcy
Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed). Nonetheless, Mr Aathar, as well as Mr Fan, gave
evidence before me.

4 The trial concerns both liability and quantum, save that there is
bifurcation in relation to the quantification of one category of loss, ie,
loss arising from the termination and sale of the plaintiffs’ Australian
business.

5 I pause to highlight that after the trial, but before the parties filed
their closing and reply submissions, the Court of Appeal released The
Enterprise Fund III Ltd and others v OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known
as International Healthway Corp Ltd) [2019] 2 SLR 524 (“The Enterprise Fund
III”), and determined that the Standby Facility which funded the indirect
acquisition by IHC of its own shares is void under by s 76A(1)(a) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) for contravention of s
76(1A)(a)(i) of the same. This determination, as well as some of the
observations within the Court of Appeal’s judgment, are pertinent to this
case.

6 Having heard the evidence, and considered the closing and reply submissions
of the parties, this is my judgment.

Background

The parties

7 IHC is a Singapore-incorporated company listed on the Catalist board of the
Singapore Exchange (“SGX”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Yet Kum Meng’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at [5].

The second plaintiff, IHC Medical Re Pte Ltd (“IHC Medical Re”), is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of IHC. IHC Medical Re is the ultimate holding company for
IHC’s Australian business through IHC Healthcare REIT (Singapore Trust). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Yet’s AEIC at [64].

The Australian business consisted primarily of three properties in Australia
(the “Australian properties”) as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Yet’s AEIC at [63].

(a) two properties at 541 and 553 St Kilda Road, Melbourne, Victoria,
Australia (the “St Kilda properties”); and

(b) a property at 73 – 79 Little Ryrie Street, Geelong, Victoria, Australia
(the “Geelong property”).

8 IHC is also the holding company of two other subsidiaries, namely IHC
Management Pte Ltd (“IHCM”) and IHC Management (Australian) Pty Ltd
(“IHCM(A)”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Yet’s AEIC at [64].

9 Mr Fan and Mr Aathar were founders of IHC. Both held large shareholdings in
IHC, reported as 23.67% and 8.73% respectively in the Annual Report of 2015. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Yet’s AEIC at [7].

On 17 May 2015, by way of a service agreement, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Fan Kow Hin’s AEIC at p 841.

IHC appointed Mr Fan as its Group Chief Executive Officer (“Group CEO”). On 30
June 2015, upon the departure of the previous CEO, Mr Chia Kwok Ping (“Mr
Chia”), Mr Fan was re-designated as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Fan’s AEIC at [2.24].

He remained in this position until 31 January 2016. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Fan’s AEIC at [2.54].

Mr Aathar did not hold any formal position in IHC. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Aathar Ah Kong Andrew’s AEIC at [2.6].

10 From 30 October 2013 to January 2015, Ms Lim was the Financial Controller
(Corporate Finance and Real Estate Investment Trusts) of OUELH Medical Assets
Pte Ltd (formerly known as IHC Medical Assets Pte Ltd). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lim Beng Choo’s AEIC at [3].

From January 2015, she was appointed IHC’s Vice-President (Investments), and
maintained that position until 6 January 2016. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Lim’s AEIC at [4].

On 7 January 2016, Ms Lim was appointed IHC’s CEO and Executive Director. She
held those positions until 23 January 2017. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Lim’s AEIC at [33] and [37].

11 Turning to the Crest entities, the first defendant, Crest Capital Asia Pte
Ltd (“Crest Capital”), is a fund administration company. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Tan’s AEIC at [1].

It is the holding company of the second defendant, Crest Catalyst Equity Pte
Ltd (“Crest Catalyst”), which is a fund management company that manages
affiliated private equity funds. The third to fifth defendants, The Enterprise
Fund III Ltd (“EFIII”), VMF3 Ltd (“VMF3”) and Value Monetisation III Ltd
(“VMIII”), are three such funds administered and managed by Crest Capital and
Crest Catalyst. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Tan’s AEIC at [1]. See also the Crest entities’ Defence (Amendment No 6) and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) (the “D6CC3”) at [5].

12 Mr Tan Yang Hwee, also known as Glendon Tan (“Mr Tan”), is the Investment
Director of Crest Capital. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Tan’s AEIC at [1].

Mr Tan was the main representative handling Crest Capital’s business deals
with IHC since its incorporation in 2013, including the deals that resulted in
the Standby Facility and the Geelong Facility. Prior to that, Crest Capital
had business dealings with a group of companies, which included Healthway
Medical Development Pte Ltd, founded by, amongst others, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Tan’s AEIC at [16] and [19].

IHC was incorporated to expand the healthcare services offered by the group
internationally. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Tan’s AEIC at [19].

The Standby Facility and the Geelong Facility

13 The Standby Facility was a short-term credit facility of up to S$20m
granted to IHC by EFIII, VMF3 and VMIII. The Standby Facility agreement was
executed on 30 July 2015, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Yet’s AEIC at [16].

and the facility was to be used as “general working capital”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Agreed Core Bundle (“ACB”), Vol. 1 (“1ACB”) at p 243 at (J).

It provided for fixed interest (termed “standby fees”) on the full sum of
S$20m at 3.5% per month for a minimum of five months 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

3ACB at p 1283.

with default interest being levied on any sums due and unpaid at an additional
rate of 2% per month. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

3ACB at p 1285.

14 I should add that an initial facility agreement was fully executed on or
around 21 July 2015, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Lim’s AEIC at [46h].

and backdated to 16 April 2015 (with the maturity date falling two months from
the date of disbursement of 16 April 2015, ie, 15 June 2015) 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Tan’s AEIC at [21]-[22]; Lim’s AEIC at [46h].

. At that time, the three funds involved were EFIII, VMIII and The Enterprise
Fund II Ltd (“EFII”). Essentially, the Standby Facility agreement was executed
to supersede the initial facility agreement, and to extend the tenure of the
facility to five months from 30 July 2015. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1ACB at p 245.

Additionally, VMF3 replaced EFII as an investing party. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Tan’s AEIC at [45].

15 The Geelong Facility was a mezzanine loan of S$11.5 million granted to IHC
Medical Re by EFIII and VMIII, with the agreement dated 17 June 2015. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ACB, Vol. 1 (“1ACB”) at p 159.

The purpose was to partially finance the acquisition of the Australian
properties. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Tan’s AEIC at [53].

It provided for interest at the rate of 3.35% per month on the outstanding
principal, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1ACB at p 171.

with default interest on any sums due and unpaid at an additional rate of 3%
per annum. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1ACB at p 171.

16 The payments of sums due under both facilities were secured by personal
guarantees from Mr Fan and Mr Aathar, as well as charges granted by IHC over
all the shares of IHC Medical Re, IHCM and IHCM(A) (the “Charged Shares”). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Tan’s AEIC at [50] and [57].

This was done by two Deeds of Share Charges dated 17 June 2015 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1AB at p 305.

and 30 July 2015, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

1ACB at p 278.

which secured payment of sums due under the Geelong Facility and the Standby
Facility respectively. For convenience, I shall refer to these Deeds of Share
Charges as the “17 June Deed of Charge” and the “30 July Deed of Charge”.

17 Subsequently, there was a dispute over the Standby Facility. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Tan’s AEIC at [65].

According to IHC, this triggered its default on the Geelong Facility, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

3ACB at p 1824.

which in turn led to IHC incurring further consequential losses. As mentioned
at [1] above, IHC took issue with the defendants’ respective roles in causing
IHC to enter into the Standby Facility in the first place.

The genesis of the Standby Facility

18 In this connection, the relevant events began on 3 April 2015 when Mr Tan,
Mr Fan and Mr Aathar met at Serangoon Gardens, pursuant to arrangements made
by Mr Aathar. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Aathar’s AEIC at [3.2] to [3.3].

19 On 4 April 2015, at 9.06am, Mr Aathar sent Mr Tan an email, copied to Mr
Fan, with the subject stated as “Standby Facility” (the “first 4 April 2015
email”). The email provided a “recap” of the group’s discussion at the meeting
and contained a formal request for “a standby line” of S$20m from the Crest
entities to combat an imminent short seller’s attack on IHC’s shares. The
material portions of the email are reproduced as follows: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1ACB at p 393.

Dear Glendon,

We spoke yesterday and recap the following:

a. We noticed an unusual sale pattern on Thursday 2/4/15, particularly from
one single account.

We then analysed the transactions with industry specialist… The pattern is
that of a shortist and they now have between 71-75m shares.

There is a high probability that this stealth plot would lead to an imminent
shorting of IHC shares this coming Monday given that they commenced activity
last week. The shortist have about 75m shares ($21.3m). This is probably being
carried out by a small fund given the amount they held.

b. We look to Crest to provide a standby line of $20m for use against this
activity.

The terms could be the following:

1.Short term of 1-2months.

2.Interest of 3.5% per month.

3.Shares can be bought and held by Crest directly.

c. As time is of essence, we look to putting facility into place as soon as
possible with a very small amount available ($3-$5m) on Monday morning 9am for
standby.

We are most grateful for your support.

[emphasis added]

20 At 1.08pm, Mr Aathar sent another email to Mr Tan, copied to Mr Fan, again
with the subject stated as “Standby Facility” (the “second 4 April 2015
email”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1ACB at p 548.

In it, Mr Aathar stated that, “[he] can give [Tan] a firm undertaking from IHC
that all security arrangements will be restored and reinstated by IHC
promptly, in the same terms and conditions, to the satisfaction of Crest.”

21 I now go to four emails dated 9 April 2015, which continue to deal with the
subject of “Standby Facility” as follows:

(a) At 9.29am, Mr Tan sent an email 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1ACB at p 546.

to Mr Aathar and Mr Fan, asking them both to review, sign and return an
enclosed term sheet dated 6 April 2015. The term sheet provided for a loan
amount of “up to S$20 million”, for a tenure of “2 months from first drawdown
date”, to be used for “general working capital” and with an “interest coupon
of 3.5% p.m.” after the “first draw down date”. It also expressly stated that
the facility would be secured, inter alia, by joint and several personal
guarantees by Mr Aathar and Mr Fan, as well as a “[p]ledge of IHC shares
purchased through Fund”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1ACB at pp 550 - 551.

(b) At 12.52pm, Mr Tan sent a further email to Mr Aathar and Mr Fan, asking
them to provide him with “the contact point details, email address for the
person in charge of IHC for documentation” in order to complete the legal
documents for the facility. This was copied to Mr Lim Chu Pei (“Mr CP Lim”),
an Investment Analyst with Crest Capital. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1ACB at p 547.

(c) Shortly after, at 12.57pm, Mr Fan replied to Mr Tan, and informed him that
the relevant persons in charge were Mr Chia and Ms Lim. The email was also
addressed to Mr Aathar, Ms Lim and Mr Chia, and was copied to Mr CP Lim. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1ACB at p 558.

(d) I should add that Mr Tan had included the first and second 4 April 2015
emails sent by Mr Aathar to his first email at 9.29am, and they remained a
part of the chain below Mr Fan’s 12.57pm email. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1ACB at pp 559-560.

(e) In response, at 1.36pm, Mr Tan forwarded the term sheet and draft loan
documents, namely, loan agreement, personal guarantees, deeds of undertaking,
share charges, to Mr Chia and Ms Lim for their review, copying Mr Aathar, Mr
Fan and Mr CP Lim. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1ACB at pp 561-684.

22 According to the plaintiffs and the Crest entities, Mr Aathar’s request for
the standby line made (on behalf of IHC) at the 3 April 2015 meeting was the
genesis of the Standby Facility. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [103]; 1st to 5th Defendants’
Closing Submissions (“1DCS”) at [83]-[87].

The term sheet captured the three key terms as set out in the first 4 April
2015 email. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1ACB at p 550.

Thereafter, the parties worked towards the finalisation of the legal documents
for the Standby Facility. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PCS at [44]-[47]; 1DCS at [87]-[92].

23 Mr Fan and Mr Aathar provided a completely different explanation for these
events. Mr Aathar asserted that at the meeting and in the first 4 April 2015
email, he merely raised a personal request for the Crest entities to invest in
IHC shares to combat a short seller’s attack, with Mr Aathar agreeing to pay
the Crest entities a return for doing so. After checking with the Crest
entities, Mr Tan informed Mr Aathar that they were not agreeable to the risky
private arrangement. Nonetheless, the Crest entities were prepared to extend a
working capital facility to IHC, provided that IHC reinstated the security
arrangements that it had furnished for a previous facility. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Aathar’s AEIC at [3.5]-[3.10] and [3.12].

In response, Mr Aathar sent the second 4 April 2015 email giving the “firm
undertaking from IHC” to reinstate the security arrangements. He was merely
giving the “firm undertaking” from the personal guarantors, ie, Mr Fan and
himself, and not IHC. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE, 23 July 2019, p 161 line 2 to p 163 line 12

In any event, the IHC deal was still “exploratory” in nature. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Aathar’s AEIC at [3.12]-[3.13].

Subsequently, the Crest entities then proposed to IHC, and IHC agreed to, the
Standby Facility – a deal quite separate from the private arrangement that did
not materialise. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Aarthar’s AEIC at [3.14].

24 Mr Fan’s evidence was largely similar. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Fan’s AEIC at [2.15]-[2.17].

However, Mr Fan said that while Mr Aathar purported to give a firm undertaking
on behalf of IHC, he was clearly not authorised to do so. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE, 10 July 2019, p 77 lines 14-25.

25 As for Ms Lim, she acknowledged that the first 4 April 2015 email was
forwarded to her as part of Mr Fan’s email on 9 April 2015. However, she did
not see it as it was at the bottom of the chain. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Lim’s AEIC at [46a].

As far as she was concerned, the proposed facility was one for “general
working capital”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Lim’s AEIC at [65].

Events leading to the execution of the Standby Facility

26 On 10 April 2015, Mr Chia, Mr Aathar and Mr Fan signed the term sheet, as
CEO and the two personal guarantors respectively. This signed term sheet was
sent via email to Mr Tan. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ACB, Vol. 2 (“2ACB”) at p 690.

Later the same day, Mr CP Lim sent the term sheet, now duly signed by Mr Tan
via email to Mr Chia and Ms Lim, copying Mr Tan, Mr Aathar and Mr Fan. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

2ACB at pp 694, 701.

Separately, in accordance with the term sheet, Mr Aathar and Mr Fan also
executed personal guarantees dated 10 April 2015. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

2ACB at p 715.

27 On 17 May 2015, Mr Fan was appointed Group CEO. Subsequently, Mr Fan vetted
a board paper prepared by Ms Lim. The board paper was dated 29 May 2015 and
was meant to be put before the IHC’s board of directors to obtain their
approval for the Standby Facility, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

3ACB at p 1308.

together with the legal documents prepared based on the draft documents sent
by Mr Tan. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

3ACB at p 1271.

28 On 29 May 2015, the board paper was circulated by email to the members of
the IHC board. The email and the board paper stated that the Standby Facility
was to be “utilised for general working capital” and “[f]or general working
capital purpose[s]” respectively. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

3ACB at pp 1270, 1308.

The only securities listed in the covering email and the board paper were the
Charged Shares and the personal guarantees provided by Mr Aathar and Mr Fan.
There was no mention of a pledge of IHC shares acquired by drawing down on the
Standby Facility.

29 At the material time, the IHC board of directors consisted of Dr Jong Hee
Sen (“Dr Jong”) (who was the Non-Executive Chairman), Mr Dennis Siew Teng Kean
(“Mr Siew”) (who was the lead independent director) 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1ACB at p 370.

and Mr Ong Lay Khiam (“Mr Ong”) (also an independent director). Board approval
was obtained through a two-thirds majority on 3 June 2015. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Fan’s AEIC at [2.33].

30 Essentially, Dr Jong and Mr Siew approved IHC’s entry into the Standby
Facility by way of a written resolution backdated to 29 May 2015. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1ACB at p 370.

Importantly, Mr Siew’s approval was on the premise that the Standby Facility
“with the accompanying interest charge [was] essential for the continued
operations of the company”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

5AB at p 2324.

Mr Ong, however, declined to approve the matter, explaining in an email dated
29 May 2015 that he “[found] it difficult to justify approving a credit
facility bearing the proposed high interest rate and fee”. He also questioned
whether IHC was “so much in need of funds to raise this type of financing”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

5AB at p 2326.

31 Eventually, as described at [14] above, the initial facility agreement was
fully executed on 21 July 2015, but backdated to 16 April 2015. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

3ACB at p 1309.

More specifically, 21 July 2015 was the date on which Mr CP Lim returned all
documents, duly executed by the Crest entities, to IHC. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

3ACB at p 1309.

Upon the request of IHC, by way of a letter dated 28 July 2015, the Crest
entities agreed to extend the tenure of the facility, and to enter into a
second facility agreement in order to do so. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

2ACB at p 1559.

Thereafter, the Standby Facility agreement was executed, and this extended the
arrangement to five months from the date of execution, ie, 30 July 2015. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

1ACB at pp 242 and 245.

Dr Jong signed both the initial facility and Standby Facility agreements on
behalf of IHC, while Mr Fan and Mr Aathar signed as personal guarantors. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

1ACB at pp 67 and 275.

Drawdowns on the Standby Facility to acquire IHC shares

32 Meanwhile, according to the plaintiffs and the Crest entities, between 16
April 2015 and 24 August 2015, a total sum of S$17,332,081.15 was drawn down
from the Standby Facility on 14 separate occasions by the Crest entities to
purchase 59,304,800 IHC shares. The mechanism was that the shares were
purchased by EFIII through EFIII’s brokerage accounts but were held in the
name of VMIII. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

D6CC2 at [16] and [16A] and Reply (Amendment No 3) to the 1st to 5th
Defendants’ Defence (Amendment No 5) and Defence to the 1st to 5th Defendants’
Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [2.2.5].

33 Of these 14 occasions, eight occurred before the board paper had even been
put to the IHC board of directors for their approval on 29 May 2015 and
involved the sum of S$12,833,234.40. A further five drawdowns, amounting to
S$2,788,556.13, had been made before the legal documents were formally
executed on 21 July 2015. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Yet’s AEIC at [24].

The transactions were made on Mr Aathar’s instructions to Mr Tan (which Mr Tan
asserted were given through telephone calls, SMS messages and WhatsApp text
messages). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Yet’s AEIC at [24]; AB, Vol. 7 (“7AB”), pp 3478 to 3488.

34 In relation to these events, the consistent position of Mr Aathar, Mr Fan
and Ms Lim was that there was no drawdown on the Standby Facility at all, and
certainly not to purchase shares on IHC’s behalf. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Aathar’s AEIC at [3.32]; Fan’s AEIC at [5.9]; Lim’s AEIC at [55].

Instead, Mr Aathar claimed that the Crest entities had used their own funds to
purchase IHC shares for themselves. To explain the messages exchanged with Mr
Tan concerning share purchases, Mr Aathar said that from time to time, he
advised Mr Tan in relation to investing in IHC’s shares. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Aathar’s AEIC at [3.23] to [3.27].

Negotiations for repayment

35 On 9 September 2015, SGX announced that investors should exercise caution
when dealing with IHC’s shares. Its investigations revealed that from April to
August 2015, 60% of IHC’s traded share volume was conducted by a handful of
individuals. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Yet’s AEIC at [29]; 3ACB at p 1893.

This triggered a plunge in IHC’s share prices down to S$0.10 per share. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Yet’s AEIC at [31].

36 On 19 October 2015, Crest Capital demanded repayment of sums due under both
the Standby Facility and the Geelong Facility. In the letter of demand to IHC
for the Standby Facility addressed to Dr Jong, and copied to Mr Fan and Mr
Aathar, Crest Capital requested repayment of standby fees due and owing in the
sum of S$2,754,850 for 16 June to 15 October 2015. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Tan’s AEIC at [70]; 3ACB at pp 1562 - 1563.

While it stated that the disbursement was made on 16 April 2015, there was no
mention of the principal sum due under it. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

3ACB at p 1562.

I should add that the standby fees were paid for the period of 16 April to 15
June 2015. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Tan’s AEIC at [65], 1ACB at pp 237, 363; 8AB at pp 4103, 4104.

37 In the letter of demand to IHC Medical Re for the Geelong Facility,
addressed to Ms Lim, and copied to Mr Fan and Mr Aathar, Crest Capital
requested for payment of S$11,885.250, comprising of the principal of
S$11,500,000, together with interest of S$385,250 accruing from 19 September
2015 (which was the maturity date of the facility). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

3ACB at p 1565.

38 On 23 October 2015, Mr Aathar wrote an email to Crest Capital, as well as
Mr Fan and Ms Lim, stating as follows 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

3ACB at p 1577.

:

We refer to your 3 letters namely in respect of Geelong, IHC Placement and the
Standby Facility.

We are putting together the different proposals for these respective accounts.
We hope these proposals will lead to a workable solution to repay or
restructure some of these funding. Please avail us the weekend to sort out the
details and I will put forth next Tuesday our proposals for your
consideration.

[emphasis added]

39 I should explain that the term “IHC Placement” refers to 20.83m IHC shares
purchased by EFII prior to IHC’s listing in 2013, for which Mr Aathar, Mr Fan
and Dr Jong had given a profit warranty (the “placement shares”). This
transaction gave rise to a separate set of proceedings in which EFII obtained
judgment against Dr Jong for the profit: see The Enterprise Fund II Ltd v Jong
Hee Sen [2020] 3 SLR 419.

40 Negotiations over repayment involving Mr Aathar, Mr Fan and Mr Tan
commenced on 27 October 2015. In an email to Mr Tan, copied to Mr Fan, Mr
Aathar set out proposals concerning the placement shares, “market shares of
$17.2m or 59.3m shares” and “Geelong loans” (referring to the amount
outstanding under the Geelong Facility). 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

3ACB at p 1591.

The exchange of emails with Mr Tan continued until end 2015, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

3ACB at p 1591-1756.

which consistently included discussions on the sum of S$17m used to purchase
the 59,304,800 IHC shares. No other IHC representatives appear to have been
privy to these settlement discussions.

41 In the course of the negotiations, there was never any dispute over the
intent and purpose of the Standby Facility, as Mr Fan and Mr Aathar well knew
about the drawdowns. This was the position of IHC and the Crest entities.
However, Mr Aathar asserted that after suffering losses in their investments
in IHC shares, the Crest entities decided to pin their losses on IHC, by
claiming that there were disbursements under the Standby Facility. By way of
his proposals, he was merely assisting the Crest entities to find an “exit
plan”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Aathar’s AEIC at [3.37] to [3.46].

As for Mr Fan, he said that he found out only on 21 October 2015 that Mr Tan
had improperly used funds from the Standby Facility to purchase IHC shares. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Fan’s AEIC at [2.47].

Dispute over the Standby Facility

42 In December 2015, IHC made two payments to the Crest entities. The first
payment of a sum of S$3.5m was made on 4 December 2015. It was applied towards
the Geelong Facility (which IHC did not take issue with). 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

3ACB at p 1801.

The second payment of S$3,883,950 was made on 18 December 2015. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

3ACB at p 1778.

The Crest entities applied this payment towards the Standby Facility. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

3ACB at p 1782.

IHC took issue with this, and contended that the payment was always intended
for and should have been applied to the Geelong Facility, and not the Standby
Facility.

43 From 11 February 2016, a flurry of correspondence between the finance team
of IHC (represented by Ms Tan Siew Yee) and the finance team of the Crest
entities (represented by Ms Evelyn Ordinario) took place. In general, IHC
denied having drawn down on the Standby Facility, and requested the Crest
entities to provide supporting evidence of any alleged drawdowns. In response,
the Crest entities generally asserted that drawdowns had taken place, while
refusing to provide further particulars to IHC. Instead, IHC was asked to
check with Mr Fan and Mr Aathar for the details. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

3ACB at pp 1815 to 1819.

44 On 7 April 2016, the solicitors for the Crest entities, WongPartnership LLP
(“WongPartnership”) served a letter of demand on IHC to claim for sums due
under the Standby Facility 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

3ACB at p 1822.

and a letter of demand on IHC Medical Re to claim for sums due under the
Geelong Facility. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

3ACB at p 1820.

These claims were resisted by IHC’s then solicitors, Pinnacle Law LLC
(“Pinnacle”), responding by way of a letter to state that IHC did not record
any liability under the Standby Facility. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

3ACB at p 1824.

IHC also stated that the Crest entities had wrongly attributed the payment of
S$3,883,950 to the Standby Facility instead of the Geelong Facility, and asked
the Crest entities to rectify that error. IHC also stated that unless the
Crest entities did so, it would not be making any further repayments toward
the Geelong Facility. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

3ACB at p 1825.

45 On 13 April 2016, WongPartnership replied by way of a letter stating that
the Crest entities would provide “their substantive response shortly”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

3ACB at p 1826.

However, on 15 April 2016, pursuant to cl 8 of the 17 June Deed and the 30
July Deed, the Crest entities appointed receivers over the Charged Shares (the
“Crest Receivers”), 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

3ACB at p 1827.

thereby gaining control over IHC Medical Re and the Australian properties.

The present action

46 On 28 April 2016, the present action was commenced by IHC seeking, inter
alia, to remove the Crest Receivers.

47 On 23 January 2017, IHC held an extraordinary general meeting in which the
then incumbent board of IHC (which included Ms Lim) were removed. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Lim’s AEIC at [38]-[39].

48 Since then, there have been two significant developments in the
proceedings. On 7 June 2017, IHC departed from its initial stance that there
were no drawdowns from the Standby Facility to purchase IHC shares, and agreed
with the Crest entities that IHC shares were acquired on the instructions of
Mr Aathar for IHC using the funds. The plaintiffs also brought in Mr Fan and
Mr Aathar as the sixth and seventh defendants. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2).

Thereafter, on 8 May 2018, Ms Lim was joined as the eighth defendant. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3).

Some related proceedings

49 I should also mention some related proceedings.

50 On 28 April 2016, the same day this action was commenced, IHC transferred
IHC Medical Re’s sole unit in IHC Healthcare REIT (Singapore Trust) (which
held the Australian properties) to IHC Japan for S$1. Upon discovering this,
on 5 August 2016, the Crest entities commenced High Court Suit No 856 of 2016
(“Suit 856”) against, inter alia, IHC, Mr Fan, Mr Aathar and Ms Lim for
unlawful conspiracy in relation to the transfer. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Statement of Claim in HC/S 856/2016 at [45].

On 8 August 2016, the Crest entities obtained injunctive relief to prevent IHC
from interfering with the Crest entities’ security. On 16 August 2016, the
asset was transferred back to IHC Medical Re. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

HC/ORC 5440/2016 in HC/S 856/2016.

51 Shortly after, on 25 August 2016, the Australian properties were placed in
receivership. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Yet’s AEIC at [75(n)], [76(l)].

The Australian properties were subject to senior mortgages held by three
Australian financial institutions, National Australia Bank Limited (“NAB”),
Westpac Banking Corporation Limited (“Westpac”) and Qualitas Real Estate
Finance Pty Ltd (“Qualitas”). 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Yet’s AEIC at [75(a)], [76(a)].

According to the plaintiffs, the appointment of the Crest Receivers triggered
notices of default under these mortgages. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Yet’s AEIC at [75(b)], [76(c)].

NAB and Westpac then appointed their own receivers from KPMG Australia and
KordaMentha (the “Australian Receivers”) over the Australian properties. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Yet’s AEIC at [75(n)], [76(l)].

Eventually, the Australian Receivers proceeded to sell the Australian
properties. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Yet’s AEIC at [80].

52 Upon the application of IHC in Suit 856 to set aside the injunction, on 20
October 2016, Andrew Ang J ordered that the surplus sale proceeds from the
Australian properties were to be applied towards repayment of the undisputed
amount of the principal outstanding under the Geelong Facility (inclusive of
interest up to the date of payment). Thereafter, the quantum representing the
principal amount of the disputed Standby Facility, the disputed portion of the
Geelong Facility and all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Crest
entities in respect of or in connection with the receivership, was to be held
in escrow in a bank account and secured by a banker’s guarantee to be issued
in favour of IHC. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Yet’s AEIC at [79].

I shall refer to this as the “20 October Court Order”. As the Crest entities
discontinued the action on 2 July 2019, by consent, I granted an order in the
present action which replicated the terms of the earlier order. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

HC/SUM 3659/2019, HC/ORC 6101/2019.

53 In the meantime, on 6 April 2017, under its new management, IHC commenced
the proceedings against the Standby Facility investors in High Court
Originating Summons No 380 of 2017 (“OS380”) which culminated in The
Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra), where the Court of Appeal held that the
Standby Facility, as well as the acquisition of shares using the funds drawn
down from it, were void by virtue of s 76A(1)(a) of the Companies Act, and
that IHC did not owe any contractual liability under the Standby Facility (at
[134]).

54 With this context in mind, I turn to the parties’ cases.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiffs’ case

55 As pleaded in Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) (the “SOC4”), there are
three causes of action against the defendants.

56 First, the plaintiffs allege breach of duties by Mr Fan and Ms Lim. Mr Fan
was the Group CEO of IHC from 17 May 2015 to 30 June 2015 and subsequently
acted as CEO of IHC from 30 June 2015 to 31 January 2016. He was also, at all
material times, the shadow director of the plaintiffs. He thus owed the
following six duties to the plaintiffs: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) (the “SOC4”) at [1.6] - [1.7].

(a) A duty to act bona fide in their best interests;

(b) A duty to exercise his powers for proper purposes;

(c) A duty of fidelity;

(d) A duty to avoid any conflict between his duties and his personal and other
interests;

(e) A duty to exercise due skill, care and diligence in the discharge of his
duties; and

(f) A statutory duty under s 157(1) of the Companies Act imposed on directors
to act honestly and use reasonable diligence in discharging the duties of
office.

57 As an officer of IHC during the material period of time, Ms Lim owed the
first five duties as set out above at [56(a)] - [56(e)] to IHC. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

SOC4 at [1.8] – [1.9].

58 At all material times, the defendants intended, and in fact, used the
Standby Facility for the purpose of acquiring IHC shares for IHC in
contravention of s 76 of the Companies Act. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

SOC4 at [2.2.4].

There was no commercial purpose for the Standby Facility, and it served mainly
to benefit the substantial shareholders, namely, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

SOC4 at [2.2.6]

In addition, the terms of the Standby Facility were disadvantageous to IHC.
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

SOC4 at [2.2.7] - [2.2.8].

59 In breach of their duties, Mr Fan and Ms Lim caused IHC to enter into and
draw down on the Standby Facility to purchase IHC shares. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

SOC4 at [2.2.9] – [2.2.13].

I pause to observe that while the plaintiffs plead that Mr Fan owed IHC
Medical Re duties, they only allege breach of duties towards IHC.

60 Second, the Crest entities, Mr Aathar and Ms Lim knew or ought to have
known that Mr Fan was acting in breach of his duties to IHC. They dishonestly
assisted in his breach of duties as follows: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

SOC4 at [2.2.10] – [2.2.11].

(a) The Crest entities agreed to extend the Standby Facility to IHC.

(b) Mr Aathar negotiated with the Crest entities on the Standby Facility with
the knowledge and authority of Mr Fan, and extended his personal guarantee to
the Crest entities to facilitate the grant of the Standby Facility.

(c) Ms Lim prepared and finalised the Standby Facility documents, and prepared
and circulated the board paper to recommend IHC’s approval of the Standby
Facility.

61 Third, all the defendants engaged in an unlawful means conspiracy to injure
IHC by means of Mr Fan’s breach of duties and the contravention of s 76 of the
Companies Act, in causing IHC to enter into and draw down on the Standby
Facility. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

SOC4 at [2.2.14].

62 Accordingly, the defendants are jointly and severally liable by way of
damages and/or equitable compensation for losses sustained by IHC and/or IHC
Medical Re as a result of entering into and drawing down on the Standby
Facility, and consequential losses connected with the Geelong Facility. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

SOC4 at [4.1.1], [4.1.2], [4.1.2A] and [4.1.2B].

I shall set these out in detail at [219] below.

The Crest entities’ case

63 In the Crest entities’ Defence (Amendment No 6) and Counterclaim (Amendment
No 3) (the “D6CC3”), they plead that the Standby Facility was for general
working capital, and was widely worded to allow the IHC to use the funds for
any purpose (including the purchase of IHC’s own shares). 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

D6CC3 at [13].

64 Thus, the Crest entities deny that they had “intended” to use the Standby
Facility for the specific purpose of IHC acquiring its own shares. They admit,
however, that Mr Fan and Mr Aathar had indicated that they intended for the
funds to be used to acquire IHC’s shares, and eventually that the funds were
disbursed for such a purpose. They granted the Standby Facility because of the
long-standing business relationship with IHC (and its associated companies),
as well as IHC’s ability and willingness to provide sufficient security. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

D6CC3 at [15B].

65 The Crest entities deny that the terms of the Standby Facility were
disadvantageous to IHC, and assert that given the short-term and urgent nature
of the facility, its terms (eg, the high interest rates imposed) are not out
of line with comparable short-term working capital loan facilities of a
similar nature. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

D6CC3 at [15H] - [15I].

66 Further, the Crest entities claim that they were not obliged to enquire
into whether there was any non-compliance with the Companies Act, and were not
alerted to any contravention in relation to the Standby Facility. They were
not aware of any contravention of s 76 of the Companies Act by IHC. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

D6CC3 at [15C].

67 Also, the Crest entities claim that they relied on IHC’s actions and
representations that all necessary actions or steps to ensure that the
obligations in the Standby Facility would be legally enforceable, and that the
performance of the obligations would not violate any law or regulation. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

D6CC3 at [15D].

68 As such, the Crest entities were not aware of any breach of duty by Mr Fan
to IHC. They did not dishonestly assist in any such breach of duty by Mr Fan.
Also, they did not conspire with Mr Aathar and Ms Lim to injure IHC by
unlawful means. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

D6CC3 at [15K] and [15O].

At all material time, there were other officers and employees of IHC who were
involved in the transaction, including Mr Chia and Dr Jong, which only
reinforced the impression given to the Crest entities that there could not
have been anything amiss. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

D6CC3 at [15KA].

69 Turning to the losses allegedly suffered by the plaintiffs, the Crest
entities deny such losses. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

D6CC3 at [29B].

70 In the counterclaim, the Crest entities seek a set-off and/or an indemnity
from IHC under cl l0.1 of the Standby Facility and/or cl 10.1 of Geelong
Facility to recover the sums drawn down from the Standby Facility amounting to
S$17,332,081.15, as well as legal fees of S$21,614 in respect of the Standby
Facility. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

D6CC3 at [42]-[44], read with [29E] – [29G].

It seems to me that the claim has been abandoned altogether as there are no
submissions on the matter. Indeed, in light of the Court of Appeal’s judgment
in The Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra), the Crest entities cannot enforce cl
10.1 of the Standby Facility. Also, there is no basis for the Crest entities’
reliance on cl 10.1 of the Geelong Facility to claim the losses under the
Standby Facility. I note, however, that the Crest entities prayed and
submitted for costs on an indemnity basis based on the provision. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

D6CC3 at [47(f)]. 1DCS at [404].

71 In the alternative, the Crest entities seek to recover the drawdowns on the
Standby Facility on the ground of unjust enrichment. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

1DCS at [323].

72 Finally, on the ground of mistake, the Crest entities seek to rectify the
default interest clause in the Geelong Facility which expressly provided for
default interest charge at 3% per annum to 3% per month. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

D6CC3 at [46].

Ms Lim’s case

73 In her Defence (Amendment No 2) and Counterclaim (the “D2CC”), Ms Lim
admits that she owed the same duties to IHC as Mr Fan allegedly did (as per
the plaintiffs’ pleadings). 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Lim Beng Choo’s Defence (Amendment No 2) and Counterclaim (“D2CC”) at [8].

However, she pleads that there were, inter alia, two implied terms of her
employment: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

D2CC at [10]–[11].

(a) that she would obey and co-operate with IHC to carry out all lawful and
reasonable directions given by IHC; and

(b) that IHC would not cause Ms Lim to carry out any order, instruction or
direction other than lawful or reasonable ones.

74 As far as Ms Lim was concerned, at the material time, the Standby Facility
was a credit facility for IHC’s working capital. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

D2CC at [17], [18] and [20].

There was no drawdown on the Standby Facility for any purpose in which she was
involved or of which she had any knowledge. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

D2CC at [28] and [33].

The Crest entities had bought the IHC shares with the funds drawn down from
the Standby Facility for themselves without the authority of IHC. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

D2CC at [36D].

75 Therefore, Ms Lim’s case is that she did not dishonestly assist or procure
Mr Fan’s breach of his fiduciary duties. She prepared and finalised the legal
documents for IHC’s entry into the Standby Facility and circulated the board
paper to the IHC board of directors for the purpose of seeking their approval
for the Standby Facility upon the instructions of Mr Chia (and then Mr Fan).
She acted honestly and reasonably in carrying out the assigned tasks, taking
into account fiscal considerations (eg, repayment, security and other
requirements), and IHC’s cash flow situation. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

D2CC at [30]. 8th Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“8DCS”) at p 35, [20(a)].

She also denies that she had engaged in an unlawful means conspiracy with the
other defendants to injure IHC. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

D2CC at [34].

76 Ms Lim also avers that IHC had paid money erroneously toward the Standby
Facility, and therefore she was not liable for principal, standby fee or
default interest claimed by it as losses under the Standby Facility. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

D2CC at [44A].

77 As for losses under the Geelong Facility, Ms Lim avers that IHC had
sufficient means to pay off the outstanding amount and interest under the
Geelong Facility, even after erroneously paying down the Standby Facility. IHC
could and ought to have deployed available funding to do so. In the
alternative, liability was incurred solely because of IHC’s impecuniosity. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

D2CC at [44B] – [44C].

78 Ms Lim denies liability for the remaining categories of losses. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

D2CC at [44D] – [44E].

79 In her counterclaim, Ms Lim seeks an indemnity against IHC for any sums she
might be found liable for on the basis of Art 153 of IHC’s Articles of
Association, or alternatively, an implied indemnity arising out of the terms
of her employment with IHC. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

D2CC at [47].

She also seeks relief under ss 391(1) and 391(3) read with s 76A(13) of the
Companies Act. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

D2CC at [49].

The positions of Mr Fan and Mr Aathar

80 Mr Fan did not file a defence to the action, while Mr Aathar filed a four-
page defence comprising mainly of bare denials on 18 April 2018. They each
filed an affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), and testified at the trial.
I have set out their evidence on the key matters above at [23]–[24], [34] and
[41]. Their general position is that the Standby Facility was not intended
for, and was not used to purchase IHC shares.

Issues to be determined

81 Based on the above, the following issues fall for determination in relation
to each of the plaintiffs’ claims:

(a) Breach of duties towards IHC

(i) whether Mr Fan owed and breached any duties to IHC; and

(ii) whether Ms Lim owed and breached any duties to IHC.

(b) Dishonest assistance

(i) if Mr Fan acted in breach of his duties to IHC, whether the Crest
entities, Mr Aathar and/or Ms Lim assisted in such breach; and

(ii) whether such assistance was dishonest.

(c) Conspiracy by unlawful means

(i) whether the contravention of s 76 of the Companies Act for IHC to enter
into and draw down on the Standby Facility to purchase its own shares and/or
Mr Fan’s breach of duties are/is unlawful for the purposes of the tort of
unlawful means conspiracy;

(ii) whether the Crest entities, Mr Fan, Mr Aathar and/or Ms Lim had acted in
combination with and/or in furtherance of an agreement to cause IHC to enter
into and draw down on the Standby Facility to purchase its own shares and/or
Mr Fan’s breach of duties; and

(iii) whether the Crest entities, Mr Fan, Mr Aathar and /or Ms Lim had the
intention to cause loss or damage to IHC.

82 Should any party be found liable for any of the three causes of action,
further issues arise as to whether such party caused any of the losses, as
well as the proof and quantification of such losses (save for the
quantification of any loss of the Australian business held through IHC Medical
Re which will be dealt with separately).

83 As for the counterclaim by the Crest entities, the issues are:

(a) whether IHC is liable for the claim for unjust enrichment for the sums
disbursed by them pursuant to the Standby Facility, which was void for
illegality by virtue of s 76A(1)(a) of the Companies Act;

(b) whether the default interest clause under the Geelong Facility should be
rectified; and

(c) whether the Crest entities are entitled to an indemnity from IHC.

84 In relation to Ms Lim’s counterclaim, the issue is whether IHC should
indemnify her in respect of any loss she may be found liable for.

The underlying factual disputes

85 Prior to dealing with the issues, it is necessary to resolve two underlying
factual disputes between the plaintiffs and the Crest entities (on the one
hand), and Mr Fan, Mr Aathar and Ms Lim (on the other hand). These concern the
purpose of the Standby Facility, and whether IHC shares were acquired on
behalf of IHC using funds from the Standby Facility on the instructions of Mr
Aathar.

86 I should add that The Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra) proceeded on a
factual premise agreed upon by IHC and the Standby Facility investors (ie,
EFIII, VMF3 and VMIII) that the Standby Facility was meant to fund IHC in its
acquisition of its shares, and that IHC shares were purchased for IHC using
such funds. This is also the position of the plaintiffs and the Crest entities
here. However, I agree with Ms Lim that res judicata, specifically issue
estoppel, does not apply vis-à-vis Mr Fan, Mr Aathar and Ms Lim on these
issues. Four elements must be established in order to give rise to issue
estoppel, including the requirement that the two actions must involve the same
parties: Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others
and another appeal and other matters [2017] 2 SLR 12 (“Turf Club”) at [87].
There is no identity of parties between the two sets of proceedings. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

8DCS at [22].

Purpose of the Standby Facility

87 To reiterate, according to the Crest entities, the Standby Facility came
about because of Mr Aathar’s request made to Mr Tan at the 3 April 2015
meeting, followed up by the two 4 April 2015 emails, for up to S$20m to combat
a short-selling attack on IHC’s shares. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Tan’s AEIC at [23]-[27].

To that end, the Crest entities could directly buy and hold the IHC shares as
security. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Tan’s AEIC at [32].

The plaintiffs adopt Mr Tan’s account.

88 Mr Fan and Mr Aathar, however, contend that the discussion on 3 April 2015
and Mr Aathar’s first email of 4 April 2015, related to Mr Aathar’s personal
request for the Crest entities to invest directly in IHC shares. Mr Aathar
said that the second 4 April 2015 related to the Standby Facility which was
proposed by Mr Tan, after the Crest entities refused to invest directly in IHC
shares: see [23]–[24] above. Thereafter, it was the board of directors who
approved the entry into the Standby Facility. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Aathar’s AEIC at [4.13].

89 While Ms Lim did not throw light on the 3 April 2015 meeting or the two 4
April 2015 emails, she agrees with Mr Fan and Mr Aathar that the Standby
Facility had nothing to do with the acquisition of IHC shares, and was one for
“general working capital” only: see [25] above.

90 Having reviewed the evidence, I accept Mr Tan’s version of events, and
reject that given by Mr Aathar and Mr Fan for these reasons:

(a) Mr Tan’s version is consistent with the contents of the first 4 April 2015
email which I reproduced at [19] above. Throughout the email, Mr Aathar used
“we” instead of “I”. Specifically, he wrote that “[w]e look to Crest to
provide a standby line of $20m for use against this activity.” As one of the
terms of the standby line, he added that “[s]hares can be bought and held by
Crest directly.” Three points are evident:

(i) First, Mr Aathar did not make the request in his personal capacity. His
explanation that “we” referred to Mr Tan and himself makes no sense. It was
clearly a request by Mr Fan and him, on behalf of IHC.

(ii) Second, the request was to avail IHC of funds by way of a standby line to
combat the short-selling activity.

(iii) Third, there was no mention of the Crest entities investing in the
shares. The Crest entities were being asked to buy and hold the shares
pursuant to the standby line.

(b) Mr Tan’s evidence is also consistent with the contents of the second 4
April 2015 email. Given the proximity in time of the two emails, it seems to
me they concerned the same deal. Indeed, they both carried the same subject
title of “Standby Facility”. In it, Mr Aathar gave a firm undertaking on
behalf of IHC in respect of the security arrangements for the facility, once
again reinforcing the position that at all times, the request was for IHC.

(c) Subsequently, the term sheet and the Standby Facility captured the key
terms within the first 4 April 2015 email, and required the security
arrangements set out in the second 4 April 2015 email.

(d) Moreover, as I shall discuss later, in accordance with the first 4 April
2015 email, the Crest entities proceeded to purchase IHC shares and hold them
as security.

91 In contrast, the version proffered by Mr Fan and Mr Aathar would require a
strained reading of the emails, and is inconsistent with the surrounding facts
and circumstances. Therefore, I find that the Standby Facility originated from
the 3 April 2015 meeting and the two 4 April 2015 emails. Its purpose was to
avail IHC of funds for the acquisition of IHC shares. The Crest entities, Mr
Fan and Mr Aathar well knew of this purpose for the standby line – which was
eventually formalised as the Standby Facility.

92 While I thus reject Ms Lim’s position that the Standby Facility was merely
one for “general working capital”, her knowledge of the state of affairs
remains to be considered. In due course, at [197] below, I shall also consider
the Crest entities’ arguments that, in any event, they did not intend the
acquisition of the shares to be the sole purpose for the Standby Facility, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Tan’s AEIC at [25].

and that they did not know of any contravention of the Companies Act. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Tan’s AEIC at [39].

Whether IHC shares were acquired for IHC with funds from the Standby Facility

93 According to the Crest entities, from April to August 2015, Mr Aathar
instructed Mr Tan to purchase IHC shares. A total sum of S$17,332,081.15 from
the Standby Facility was used to purchase 59,304,800 IHC shares (which were
held on behalf of IHC). Again, the plaintiffs adopt this account: see [32]
above. However, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar assert that the Crest entities invested
in IHC shares for themselves, but decided to pin the losses on IHC by claiming
that there were drawdowns from the Standby Facility. Similarly, Ms Lim says
that there were no drawdowns: see [34] above.

94 Once again, it is the Crest entities’ version that I accept for these
reasons:

(a) The WhatsApp exchanges from Mr Aathar to Mr Tan clearly showed Mr Aathar
activating the standby line, and giving instructions for Mr Tan to buy shares.
As highlighted by the plaintiffs, these are some key messages: 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

PCS at [118].

(i) On 15 April 2015: “Yes, very very very stressful...If cannot tahan, I may
need to activate your line tomorrow. It is the same group selling as what we
briefed you.”

(ii) On 15 April 2015: “Thank you. Fan and me also feel if pressure we may
have no choice but to seek your lines. Thanks.”

(iii) 16 April 2015: “Hi Glendon, can queue to buy 5 million shares of IHC at
28.5c?”

(iv) 6 July 2015: “Hi Glendon can assist on purchase? Can do 4m at 30c.”

These messages completely undermined Mr Aathar’s explanation that he was
simply giving advice to the Crest entities on their investments in IHC shares
(see above at [34]).

(b) On 8 May 2015, Mr Tan sent Mr Aathar and Mr Fan a spreadsheet showing the
shares “bought on behalf” of IHC which indicated that around 18m IHC shares
were bought in three transactions from 16 April to 8 May 2015. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

4AB at p 2074.

(c) Even though the legal documents were not fully executed until 21 July
2015, Mr Fan approved the payment of standby fees for the one-month period of
16 April to 15 May 2015, made by way of two cheque payments of S$255,850 and
S$399,000 dated 17 June 2015 and 2 July 2015 respectively. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

1ACB at pp 237 and 363.

In this connection, Mr Fan tried to explain that he signed the payment
vouchers, which were “cleared by several set of people”, in error. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE, 10 July 2019, p 163 lines 10-19.

The explanation is not believable. As pointed out by the plaintiffs, on 2 July
2015, when the second cheque payment was made, Mr Tan had emailed Mr Fan and
Mr Aathar to chase for the outstanding standby fees, and Mr Fan had forwarded
the email to Mr Aathar for discussion. Mr Fan knew that the request for
standby fees was in relation to the Standby Facility which had been drawn
down. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

5AB at pp 2466 – 2467.

(d) After Mr Fan insisted that IHC would not pay for the standby fees for 16
May to 15 June 2015, Mr Aathar paid for the standby fees of S$700,000 out of
his own pocket on 31 July 2015. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

8AB at pp 4103-4104.

(e) The subsequent conduct of Mr Fan and Mr Aathar in engaging in negotiations
for the repayment of the Standby Facility and the Geelong Facility also amply
demonstrated that they knew about the drawdowns on the Standby Facility. As
stated above at [36], on 19 October 2015, the Crest entities sent Dr Jong
(with Mr Fan and Mr Aathar copied) a request for payment for the standby fees
of the Standby Facility. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

AB, Vol. 6 (“6AB”) at p 2924.

In the negotiations, Mr Aathar proposed to the Crest entities, in which Mr Fan
must have acquiesced, to restructure the “market shares of S$17.2m or 59.3m
shares”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

6AB at pp 2946 – 2947.

This figure is broadly in accord with the drawdowns on the Standby Facility
totalling S$17,332,081.15, which were used to purchase the 59,304,800 IHC
shares. Mr Aathar’s explanation (set out at [41] above) was that in the course
of the negotiations, he was merely assisting the Crest entities to find an
exit strategy. This simply did not ring true.

95 Thus, the evidence points inexorably towards Mr Fan and Mr Aathar knowing
about the drawdowns from the Standby Facility from 16 April 2015 to acquire
IHC shares. I should add that Mr Aathar and Ms Lim argue that Mr Aathar was
only a shareholder. He did not have the authority to instruct the drawdowns on
behalf of IHC. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Aathar’s AEIC at [5.2]. 8DCS at [21].

In relation to the claims and the counterclaims, Mr Aathar’s authority is not
a relevant legal issue, and would not affect any factual findings I have to
make. Whether or not he was authorised to do so (which may be a matter for
another day), the evidence showed that Mr Aathar gave the instructions to Mr
Tan on the share acquisitions.

96 Here, again, while I reject Ms Lim’s contention that there was no drawdown
on the Standby Facility to acquire IHC shares, the question of her knowledge
of these matters remains to be analysed below.

Conclusion

97 Having determined these two factual disputes in favour of the plaintiffs
and the Crest entities, I observe, for completeness, that the Crest entities
dispute the dishonesty and/or injurious intent requirements in the two
substantive causes of action against them on the basis that Mr Tan’s state of
mind should not be attributed to each of the Crest entities. It seems to me
that the argument is inconsistent with the Crest entities’ complete reliance
on Mr Tan’s acts in relation to the transaction. In any event, as I elaborate
below at [138] onwards, based on agency, Mr Tan’s state of mind and intent
could (and should) be attributable to each of the Crest entities. I now go to
the plaintiffs’ claim against Mr Fan for breach of duties.

Breach of duties by Mr Fan

98 According to the plaintiffs, Mr Fan owed IHC six duties as set out at [56]
above, either as an officer of IHC from 17 May 2015 and/or as a shadow
director at all material times. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at [210]. See also 7AB at pp 3482 – 3484 and 3488.

Mr Fan denies that he was a shadow director. While he denies that he breached
“any duty [he] owed to IHC as a CEO”, he does not clearly concede that he owed
IHC such duties as alleged by the plaintiffs. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Fan’s AEIC at [3] and [4].

Meanwhile, Ms Lim argues that Mr Fan owed certain (unspecified) fiduciary
duties as CEO, but not in relation to the entry into the Standby Facility. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

8DCS at [20(c)(xix)].

99 I pause to observe that fiduciary duties are owed by directors of a
company, and imposed on those employees considered to be fiduciaries of a
company. The duties of honesty, fidelity and loyalty are core fiduciary
obligations, but the duty to exercise due skill, care and diligence is not:
Bristol and West Building Society v Mothew [1998] Ch 1 (“Mothew”) at 16C; and
Then Khek Koon v Arjun Permanand Samtani [2014] 1 SLR 245 (“Then Khek Koon”)
at [104]. As for the statutory duty pursuant to s 157(1) of the Companies Act,
it is imposed on directors.

100 Therefore, in order to impose all six duties on Mr Fan, the plaintiffs
have to prove that he was a shadow director. It is to this question that I now
turn.

Whether Mr Fan owed duties to IHC as a shadow director

101 A shadow director is defined by s 4(1) of the Companies Act as “a person
in accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors or the
majority of the directors of a corporation are accustomed to act”. The policy
impetus behind holding a person liable as a shadow director is that persons
who are actually responsible for the important corporate decisions of a
company should be held accountable regardless of what they are called and
their motives or manner in making such corporate decisions: Raffles Town Club
Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others (Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and others,
third parties) [2010] SGHC 163 (“Raffles Town Club”) at [47].

102 To prove a shadow directorship, all that is required is evidence of a
“discernible pattern of compliance with the shadow director’s instructions or
directions”, with allowances for occasional departures from this pattern “for
whatever reason”. It is not necessary for the court to find that the de facto
and de jure directors of the company “did not exercise any discretion or
judgment” of their own: Raffles Town Club at [45] and [47].

103 The plaintiffs argue that Mr Fan was a shadow director of IHC based on the
following:

(a) Mr Tan’s evidence that he perceived Mr Fan and Mr Aathar to be the
“decision-makers” for IHC throughout the Crest entities’ business dealings
with IHC. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

PCS at [219]. NE, 13 August 2019, p 129 (lines 1-25) and p 130 (lines 1-18).

(b) Mr Fan was privy to information on IHC’s financial position and business
operations beyond that normally available to a substantial shareholder, owing
to his regular meetings (once every three weeks) with Dr Jong. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

PCS at [220].

The plaintiffs contend that this, combined with the fact that Mr Fan had
control over IHC’s management, explained his willingness to provide
contractual warranties relating to the operational and management aspects of
IHC. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

PCS at [222]; 1st to 5th Defendants’ Supplementary Bundle of Documents
(“CESCB”) at pp 175 to 176 and 188 to 190.

(c) On 4 April 2015, Mr Aathar had, after checking with Mr Fan, purported to
give the Crest entities a “firm undertaking from IHC” that all security
arrangements would be promptly restored. This was in Mr Aathar’s second 4
April 2015 email. This indicated Mr Fan’s decision-making powers over IHC. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS at [230].

(d) The fact that Mr Chia and Ms Lim, as senior members of IHC’s management,
had simply followed up to execute and complete the legal documentation for the
Standby Facility without raising further queries after Mr Fan had instructed
them to do so indicated that they were accustomed to acting on Mr Fan’s
instructions. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

PCS at [231].

104 Even taking all of the above at the highest, they do not demonstrate the
existence of a pattern of conduct in which the directors of IHC, or a majority
thereof, were accustomed to act on Mr Fan’s instructions. There was no
evidence showing that Mr Fan had even issued any instructions or directions to
any of the directors of IHC. The fact that Mr Fan and Mr Aathar might have
held themselves out as authorised deal negotiators whose negotiated terms were
accepted by IHC, as Mr Tan alleged, 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

PCS at [233].

did not in any way suggest that IHC’s directors were accustomed to act on
their instructions. In particular, the directors of IHC did not accept or
approve the Standby Facility deal blindly, but questioned the basis for it
before making their decision. As observed at [30] above, both Mr Siew and Mr
Ong queried the need for the Standby Facility given the high interest rates,
with Mr Siew approving the Standby Facility only if it was necessary for the
continued operations of IHC. Mr Ong rejected the deal. These were plainly not
the actions of directors who were accustomed to acting on the instructions of
Mr Fan.

105 Accordingly, I do not think that IHC has successfully proved that Mr Fan
was a shadow director of IHC, or that he owed any duties as a shadow director.
It follows that Mr Fan did not owe IHC the statutory duty imposed on directors
under s 157(1) of the Companies Act.

Whether Mr Fan owed duties to IHC as CEO

106 I next turn to the question of whether from 17 May 2015, as Group CEO, and
then later as CEO, Mr Fan owed the other five duties to IHC. In this
connection, I do not find the cases cited by the plaintiffs in the closing
submissions to be of assistance, as they involve the imposition of such duties
on directors and/or shadow directors of companies (and not on other
officers/employees of the companies): see Ho Kang Peng v Scintronix Corp Ltd
(formerly known as TTL Holdings Ltd) [2014] 3 SLR 329 (“Ho Kang Peng”); Ng Eng
Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd,
intervener) and another appeal [2009] 3 SLR (R) 109; Lim Weng Kee v Public
Prosecutor [2002] 2 SLR (R) 848.

107 The starting point is that an employee may owe fiduciary duties to his
employer in certain circumstances. For this principle, I turn to Nottingham
University v Fishel and another [2000] IRLR 471 (“Nottingham University”)
where Elias J said at [97]:

… [in] determining whether a fiduciary relationship arises in the context of
an employment relationship, it is necessary to identify with care the
particular duties undertaken by the employee, and to ask whether in all the
circumstances he has placed himself in a position where he must act solely in
the interests of his employer. It is only once those duties have been
identified that it is possible to determine whether any fiduciary duty has
been breached …

108 Thus, whether a fiduciary relationship arises in the context of an
employment relationship is heavily fact-dependent: Quality Assurance
Management Asia Pte Ltd v Zhang Qing and others [2013] 3 SLR 631 (“Quality
Assurance”) at [25]. In Clearlab SG Pte Ltd v Ting Chong Chai [2015] 1 SLR 163
(“Clearlab”), a case cited by Ms Lim, Lee Seiu Kin J set out a framework for
applying the Nottingham University test as follows:

(a) The court will only regard an employee as a fiduciary if he is placed in a
position where he must act solely in the interests of his employer. A mere
employment relationship does not support the existence of a fiduciary
relationship. It must be shown that there are particular functions of the
employee, which requires him to pursue the interests of his employer to the
exclusion of other interests, including his own (at [272]).

(b) The conditions for the imposition of fiduciary obligations on an employee
are (at [275]):

(i) The employee has scope for the exercise of some discretion or power.

(ii) The employee can unilaterally exercise that power or discretion so as to
affect the company’s legal or practical interests.

(iii) The company is peculiarly vulnerable to or at the mercy of the employee
holding the discretion or power.

(c) An employee will not owe fiduciary duties in respect of all aspects of his
employment. There is no wholesale importation of every kind of fiduciary duty
into each case. The fiduciary duties that arise are context-dependent and must
be accommodated within the terms of the employment contract without altering
its intended operation. The real question is whether the employee owed
specific fiduciary duties in the particular circumstances in which it is
alleged that he had acted against the interests of the employer (at [278]).

109 It is a question of fact whether senior employees will owe the same
fiduciary duties as that of directors. Applying the test in Clearlab, a senior
employee who owes such fiduciary duties would need to be vested with broad
discretionary powers of management over the company. Thus, in Canadian Aero
Service Ltd v O’Malley (1973) 40 DLR (3d) 371 (“Canadian Aero”), the
defendants, a president and executive vice-president of a company, were held
to owe fiduciary duties similar to directors because they were “top
management” employees: at 381.

110 Similarly, in ABB Holdings Pte Ltd and others v Sher Hock Guan Charles
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 111 (“ABB”), the High Court held that the defendant owed
fiduciary duties akin to those owed by directors to the third plaintiff which
he had breached by failing to inform the third plaintiff of the competitive
intentions of potential competitors. This was because the defendant was in
charge of all aspects of the third plaintiff’s business, being responsible for
its general management as well as business development, marketing and sales.
He was also in a position to hire and fire employees, and attended meetings of
the Country Management Team where the plaintiffs’ various businesses were
discussed. As such, at [42], he was found to have been “a very senior employee
indeed” and therefore owed fiduciary duties which “have been formulated in
various authorities as the duties owed by a director to his company and there
is no reason to formulate the fiduciary duties of a senior employee any
differently.”

111 Fiduciary duties will not be imposed on an employee who is subject to a
high degree of supervision and review by a more senior employee. That was the
case in Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat and others [2007] 3 SLR(R)
265 (“Nagase”) where two employees, even though they had some authority to
negotiate contracts on the company’s behalf or authorize the payment of
invoices, were not held to be fiduciaries because they were members of the
company’s middle management and had to obtain their superiors’ sanction for
their decisions (at [29]). Similarly, in Griffin Travel Pte Ltd v Nagender Rao
Chilkuri and others [2014] SGHC 205 (“Griffin Travel”), the employees in
question were heads of their respective departments (one of them being the
company’s Chief Financial Officer). Nevertheless, they were not held to be
fiduciaries because they had to report to two more senior employees and obtain
their sanction for many of their decisions.

112 It is clear from the authorities that fiduciary duties will likely only be
imposed on an employee who is, effectively, the “ruler in his own domain”,
subject to minimal levels of supervision and having a wide discretion over
critical aspects of the company’s business. Fiduciary duties akin to those
owed by a director would likely be imposed on senior employees whose domain
extended to all or substantially all of the business of the company, as in ABB
and Canadian Aero.

113 Returning to the present case, I find that, Mr Fan, as Group CEO and
subsequently CEO of IHC, was, from 17 May 2015, a member of IHC’s senior
management. Indeed, his evidence at trial was that he was the leader of its
management: 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE, 10 July 2019, p 134, lines 14 to 19.

Q. That’s because on 17 May you had been appointed as group CEO?

A. That’s correct.

Q. So now you were in the management of the company, you were the leader of
the management team?

A. That’s correct.

114 In my view, this clearly shows that Mr Fan stood in a position analogous
to the defendant in ABB in that he had broad powers of management over IHC.
Indeed, Mr Fan was not only part of IHC’s top management, he was its top
executive. This is a case in which the full range of fiduciary duties owed by
the directors of IHC ought to be imposed on Mr Fan, similar to the approach
taken in ABB and Canadian Aero.

115 Imposing fiduciary duties on Mr Fan in respect of IHC would not be
inconsistent with the terms of his service agreement with IHC dated 17 May
2015 which requires him to act to promote the interests of the company. I set
out the relevant extracts as follows: 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Fan’s AEIC at p 841.

3\. Duties

3.1 The Executive shall undertake such responsibilities, diligently perform
such duties and exercise such powers in relation to the Company and its
business as may form from time to time be assigned to him by or under the
authority of the Board of Directors of the Company or vested in the Executive
and shall comply with all regulations and directions made by or under the
authority of the Board of Directors of the company from time to time.

3.2 During the Appointment, the Executive shall faithfully serve the Company
and use his utmost endeavours to promote the interests of the Company and
shall devote his full time, attention, abilities and skill to the affairs of
the Company.

[emphasis in original]

116 By the above, I find that upon his appointment as Group CEO and
subsequently as CEO, Mr Fan owed to IHC the duties as pleaded (other than the
statutory duty under s 157(1) of the Companies Act), ie, a duty to act bona
fide in the best interest of IHC; a duty to exercise power for a proper
purpose; a duty of fidelity; a duty to avoid any conflict; and a duty to
exercise due skill, care and diligence.

Whether Mr Fan breached his duties to IHC

117 I now consider whether Mr Fan breached his duties to IHC. According to the
plaintiffs, he did so by:

(a) procuring IHC to enter into and draw down on the Standby Facility to
purchase IHC shares, which was a contravention of s 76 of the Companies Act;
168

##### Foot Note 168

×

PCS at [241].

and

(b) actively concealing the illegal nature of the Standby Facility from others
at IHC, including IHC’s board. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

PCS at [242].

118 Contrary to the assertions of Mr Fan, Mr Aathar and Ms Lim, as I found
above (at [90]), the purpose of the Standby Facility was for IHC to acquire
its own shares. Mr Fan was, alongside Mr Aathar, one of the two key persons
involved in negotiating the terms of the Standby Facility with the Crest
entities. Furthermore, I also found (at [95]) that Mr Fan knew about the
drawdowns of the funds from 16 April 2015 to acquire IHC shares. I should add
that in his evidence, Mr Fan admitted that he was aware of the prohibition
against a company buying its own shares without a proper share buy-back
mandate. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE, 23 July 2019, p 46 line 20 to p 47 line 4.

Indeed, Mr Aathar admitted to the same. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE, 13 August 2019, p 20 lines 15-20.

119 Not only was such an arrangement illegal, it was prima facie inimical to
IHC’s interests, as IHC’s future resources would be diminished by such
acquisitions of its own shares: Public Prosecutor v Lew Syn Pau [2006] 4
SLR(R) 210 (“Lew Syn Pau”) at [126]. Indeed, Mr Fan’s conduct demonstrated
that he knew that it was illegal and detrimental to IHC’s interests.

120 With such background knowledge in mind, as Group CEO and subsequently CEO
of IHC, Mr Fan vetted, approved and submitted the board paper to the IHC board
of directors for their consideration. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

5AB at p 2322.

This board paper did not mention that funds drawn down on the Standby Facility
would be used to purchase IHC shares. Instead, the board paper simply (and
misleadingly) characterised the Standby Facility as being a loan facility for
“general working capital purposes” (emphasis added). 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

5AB at p 2322.

In my view, there would be no reason for Mr Fan to omit all mention of the
purchase of shares if, to his mind, that was perfectly legal or in IHC’s
interests.

121 This action was significant in causing IHC to enter into the Standby
Facility. As I observed at [104], Mr Siew’s vote in favour of the Standby
Facility, which broke the tie between the votes cast by Dr Jong and Mr Ong,
was given on the basis that the Standby Facility was necessary for operational
purposes. As such, it is questionable whether his approval would have been
given had he been aware that the Standby Facility would be used to purchase
IHC shares, with the result that IHC would likely not have entered into the
Standby Facility in the first place.

122 By entering into the Standby Facility, IHC then incurred substantial
liabilities in the form of the standby fees and drawdowns used to purchase its
own shares. The plaintiffs argue that, from IHC’s perspective, there really
was no commercial purpose at all for IHC to enter into the Standby Facility.
174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PCS at [13].

Whether or not there was any purpose for IHC to prop up its share price, it
was clear that the substantial shareholders (ie, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar)
potentially stood to gain from the market interventions by such means. Mr Fan
would have been well aware of this.

123 The above shows that, in breach of his duty to act bona fide in IHC’s
interests, Mr Fan caused IHC to pursue a course of action that was inimical to
its interests. His duty of fidelity required him to not act for his own
benefit or the benefit of any third party without the informed consent of IHC.
However, he failed to disclose to IHC’s board of directors that the funds had
already been used from the Standby Facility to acquire IHC shares (which was
the true purpose of the facility), and that this course of action may be of
benefit to Mr Aathar and him. Along the same vein, he also put himself in a
position of conflict, resulting in the breach of his duty to avoid conflicts
of interest. I, therefore, find that Mr Fan had breached these core fiduciary
duties he owed to IHC.

Breach of duties by Ms Lim

Whether Ms Lim owed duties to IHC

124 The law on the imposition of duties on an employee are set out above: see
[107]–[112]. From January 2015 to 6 January 2016, inclusive of the date on
which IHC entered into the Standby Facility, Ms Lim was the Vice-President
(Investments) of IHC. In that capacity, she was mainly involved with asset
management, financing and disposition activities around a portfolio of
overseas medical real estate. She also assisted the Chairman (who was Dr Jong
at the material time) with loan reviews and cash flow management for IHC. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Lim’s AEIC at [22].

In D2CC, Ms Lim admits to owing IHC the duties as pleaded by the plaintiffs.
176

##### Foot Note 176

×

D2CC at [8] and Lim’s AEIC at [34].

Comparing Ms Lim’s role and functions with those of the employees in Nagase
([111] supra) and Griffin Travel ([111] supra), I have some reservations as to
whether Ms Lim was in such a senior position within IHC (especially in
relation to entry into loans) as would justify imposing on her the core
fiduciary duties owed by directors. Nonetheless, given the concession, I
proceed on the basis that Ms Lim owed such duties to IHC.

Whether Ms Lim breached her duties to IHC

125 IHC argues that Ms Lim breached her duties to it for the following
reasons:

(a) Ms Lim was aware of the purpose of the Standby Facility, and that it had
been used to purchase IHC shares in contravention of the Companies Act. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

PCS at [138]-[152].

(b) While knowing that the true purport of the Standby Facility was to finance
an illegal acquisition of shares, Ms Lim was instrumental in procuring IHC to
enter into and draw down on the Standby Facility, by finalising the legal
documents and preparing the board paper for the consideration of IHC’s board
of directors. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PCS at [241].

126 Ms Lim takes the primary position that the Standby Facility was not
intended to be used (and was not used) to purchase IHC’s shares. She was aware
that to acquire its own shares, IHC would have required an approval for share
buyback (or be in contravention of s 76 of the Companies Act). 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Lim’s AEIC at [55].

Underlying this is a denial that she knew of the true state of affairs. In
addition, Ms Lim contends that she had not breached her duties to IHC for four
reasons: 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

8DCS at p 118, [(E)(h)(ii)]].

(a) She had acted in accordance with her superiors’ instructions.

(b) She acted honestly.

(c) She had reason to consider the Standby Facility to be in the interest of
IHC.

(d) She stood to make no personal gain.

127 I turn to the question of Ms Lim’s knowledge. In the main, the plaintiffs
rely on six pieces of evidence to prove that Ms Lim knew of the true state of
affairs: 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

PCS at [139]-[152].

(a) First, on 9 April 2015, Mr Fan forwarded the first 4 April 2015 email to
Ms Lim as part of the chain of emails. To recapitulate, this was the email
capturing the key terms of the standby line – including the term “[s]hares can
be bought and held by Crest directly”. Shortly after, the term sheet, which
stated that the Standby Facility would be secured by a pledge of IHC shares
“purchased through Fund” was sent by Mr Tan to Ms Lim. Ms Lim had been
informed of the purpose of the standby line.

(b) Second, on 12 May 2015 at 6.15pm, Mr CP Lim sent Ms Lim an email
requesting her to follow-up on the preparation of the “loan documents for the
standby facility”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

2ACB at p 1067.

For her reference, he attached “the SGX statement on the purchase of shares
till date”. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

2ACB at p 1068.

The SGX statement, dated 16 April 2015, reflected the purchase of 11,100,000
IHC shares at the price of S$0.285 per share for the sum of S$3,173,316.34. In
the same email, Mr CP Lim also stated that the Crest entities’ account team
had sent out the debit note to IHC’s finance staff and that as the “first
drawdown date is 16 Apr 2015”, “the full interest and principal repayment
shall be 15 June 2015”. Ten minutes later, at 6.25pm, Mr CP Lim “recalled” the
email. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

2ACB at p 1069.

On 13 May 2015, Mr CP Lim sent another email to Ms Lim, without any mention of
the purchase of IHC shares and without attaching the SGX statement. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

8th Defendant’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents (“8DSB”) at p 18.

This email, however, retained the references made in his 12 May 2015 email to
the first drawdown date (16 April 2015) and the full interest and principal
repayment date (15 June 2015).

(c) Third, Ms Lim knew about the two payments that were made to the Crest
entities for the standby fees that were accrued from 16 April to 15 May 2015.
Again, this pointed to her knowledge of a drawdown on the Standby Facility.
186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NE, 20 August 2019, p 103 line 5 to p 105 line 1.

(d) Fourth, Ms Lim was content for the initial facility agreement to be
backdated to 16 April 2015, even before the legal documents were finalised.

(e) Fifth, in December 2015, the Crest entities sought to direct IHC’s
repayment of S$3,883,000 towards the Standby Facility. In her WhatsApp message
to Mr Fan on or about 18 December 2015, Ms Lim stated as follows: 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

8D2SB, 6.

Mr Fan, Chu Pei said the $3.88m payment to Crest is for the standby facility.
IHC’s books did not record any drawdown of the standby facility, hence we
can’t be paying for tat [sic]. We need to discuss how we can reconcile tat
[sic].

Ms Lim did not raise any concerns as to whether the claim was legitimate.

(f) Sixth, as described at [43] above, in February and March 2015, when the
finance teams from IHC and the Crest entities were engaged in the dispute
regarding the outstanding amounts due under the Standby Facility and the
Geelong Facility, the Crest entities repeatedly asked IHC to check with Mr Fan
and/or Mr Aathar, Ms Lim merely forwarded the email chain to the latter two
stating “FYI”. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

6AB at p 3199.

Ms Lim did not ask for any clarification. Implicit in her “FYI” email was the
fact that she knew of the drawdowns to acquire IHC shares.

128 I note that on the first piece of evidence, Ms Lim’s explanation is that
she did not pay any particular attention to the other emails attached to the
thread sent by Mr Fan on 9 April 2015. She did not know of the existence of
the first 4 April 2015 email – which was the last email in the chain. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Lim’s AEIC at [46a].

She was more concerned about the legal documents, but there were no documents
attached to Mr Fan’s email. As for the term sheet, even though she read it,
she did not notice the mention of the pledge of the IHC shares. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NE, 16 August 2019, p 87 lines 7-9, and p 95 line12 to p 96 line 7.

In response, the plaintiffs argue that it is unbelievable that Ms Lim, as the
person in charge of the legal documents, would not have familiarised herself
with the underlying details of the proposed transaction by reading the email
and the term sheet.

129 In my view, Mr Fan’s email of 9 April 2015 was meant to introduce Mr Chia
and Ms Lim to Mr Tan, so as to kick-start the process to formalise the
transaction. As CEO, I would have expected Mr Chia to be more concerned about
the purpose of the proposed transaction. As for Ms Lim, it is not unbelievable
that she did not pay attention to the email right at the bottom of the chain
because it is not entirely surprising that her focus would have been on the
legal documents – which arrived via a subsequent email sent by Mr Tan.

130 As for the term sheet, when she received it, Ms Lim noted that the purpose
was for “general working capital”. Even if she were to read the security term
about the pledge of the IHC shares, the significance might not have been
entirely clear to her without the necessary background information. In this
connection, it is undisputed that Ms Lim was not involved in the initial
negotiations over the Standby Facility, and that Mr Fan did not brief her on
the deal. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE, 10 July 2019, p 108, lines 13-17; 16 August 2019 at p 85 lines 19 to 25,
and p 86 line 1.

131 Even taking into account the other pieces of evidence, I do not find that
it has been proved on a balance of probabilities that Ms Lim knew or ought to
have known that the very purpose of the standby facility was to acquire IHC
shares, and that funds were used to purchase the IHC shares. The fact that Mr
CP Lim withdrew the 12 May 2015 email with the SGX statement showed that Ms
Lim was not meant to be privy to the share acquisitions. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

2ACB at p 403.

Ms Lim’s role was intended to be peripheral in nature, ie, limited to the
preparation of documents and the making of payments due under the Standby
Facility. That said, I am of the view that the surrounding circumstances would
have alerted Ms Lim to the existence of the drawdowns on the Standby Facility
beginning on 16 April 2015 (albeit for unknown purposes).

132 Although the 13 May 2015 email by Mr CP Lim removed all mention of any
shares bought with the Standby Facility, it clearly referred to a first
drawdown on the Standby Facility on 16 April 2015. At trial, Ms Lim attempted
to explain away this email by asserting that the drawdown referred to was the
Crest entities’ own drawdown from their own investors, and not a drawdown made
by IHC. In fact, Ms Lim gave the same explanation for the fourth piece of
evidence, as to why she accepted that the legal documents could be backdated
to 16 April 2015. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE, 20 Aug 2019, p 78, lines 20-25 to p 79, lines 1-17. Lim’s AEIC [46h(iii)].

I do not find the explanation believable.

133 Seen in this context, the only reasonable conclusion Ms Lim could reach
was that IHC had drawn down on the Standby Facility on 16 April 2015. The
drawdown was for unknown purposes, and done without full and proper
documentation. However, Ms Lim did not discuss the matter with Mr Fan, or
highlight that fact to the board of directors. Instead, it seems to me that
she acted unquestioningly to prepare the legal documents for the Standby
Facility and the board paper without querying the circumstances that should
have alerted her to the presence of irregularities in the use of the Standby
Facility.

134 As for the payment of standby fees, Ms Lim explains that both Mr Fan and
she took the “mistaken view” that the minimum sum of two months’ standby fees
had to be paid to the Crest entities for the Standby Facility, and that it was
payable from 16 April 2015, ie, when the Standby Facility had been put in
place. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Lim’s AEIC at para 58.

This was not a credible explanation. This, taken together with the fifth and
sixth pieces of evidence on how she reacted when the Crest entities demanded
for payment, reinforces my view that she was aware of the drawdowns from 16
April 2015. However, the evidence does not go further to show that she knew or
ought to have known that the funds had been used for the acquisition of
shares.

135 On the basis of the above, I find that Ms Lim breached her duty to IHC by
failing to exercise due skill, care and diligence in the discharge of her
duties. I accept that in her position, she remained answerable to Mr Chia, Mr
Fan and Dr Jong, and had to take instructions from them. However, she should
have made, but did not make, further enquiries as to the reasons for the
drawdown on the Standby Facility, and to raise the matter to the board of
directors before the signing of the legal documents had such reasons been
unsatisfactory. As a result, IHC formally entered into the Standby Facility
and incurred substantial liabilities to purchase its own shares.

136 Based on these findings, I do not think that Ms Lim breached the other
duties. Without the requisite knowledge that the Standby Facility was for the
illegal purpose of IHC acquiring its own shares, she would have thought that
it was a facility for “general working capital”, and thus could have been used
for that purpose. There are insufficient grounds to say that Ms Lim had not
acted bona fide, that she had acted for improper purposes, or that she had
taken into account the interests of the substantial shareholders to the
detriment of IHC’s interests. Further, it was not seriously contended that Ms
Lim stood to gain from the transaction. She did not put herself in a position
of conflict of interests.

137 Having established that Mr Fan and Ms Lim owed and breached duties to IHC,
I shall deal with the equitable compensation claimed by IHC later.

Whether Mr Tan’s state of mind could and should be attributed to the Crest
entities

138 To hold the Crest entities liable for the substantive causes of action,
the plaintiffs have to show dishonesty and/or an injurious intent on the part
of the Crest entities. Before addressing these substantive claims, as alluded
to above at [97], I deal with the question of whether Mr Tan’s state of mind
could and should be attributed to the Crest entities.

139 A company, not being a natural person, cannot possess a mental state. As
such, the mental state of a natural person must be attributed to the company
for it to be so liable: Ho Kang Peng ([106] supra) at [47]. The principles of
attribution are well-settled, and are derived from Lord Hoffmann’s analysis in
Meridian Global Funds Management Asia Ltd v Securities Commission [1995] 2 AC
500 (“Meridian”).

140 As summarised by Vinodh Coomaraswamy J in Ong Bee Chew v Ong Shu Lin
[2019] 3 SLR 132 at [140], Lord Hoffmann in Meridian grouped the rules of
attribution into three sets.

(a) The first set comprises the primary rules of attribution which are found
in the company’s constitution or implied by company law which deem certain
acts by certain natural persons to be the acts of the company (at 506D).

(b) The second set comprises the general rules of attribution by which a
natural person may have the acts of another attributed to him, ie, the
principles of agency; and by which a natural person may be held liable for the
acts of another, such as estoppel, ostensible authority and vicarious
liability (at 506F).

(c) The third set comprises special rules of attribution which the court must
fashion in exceptional cases where applying the first or second set of
principles would defeat the policy underlying a particular provision of the
substantive law as it was intended to apply to a company (at 507D–F).

Lord Hoffman’s analysis was endorsed in Ho Kang Peng (at [47]–[48]).

141 The Crest entities submit that the plaintiffs have proceeded on the basis
that each of the Crest entities could (and should) be affixed with any
dishonesty and/or any injurious intent on the part of Mr Tan. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

1DCS at [165]-[168].

However, on the facts, Mr Tan was only an employee of Crest Capital, and a
director (who sits on the investment committee) of EFIII only. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

1DCS at [169].

As the plaintiffs do not specifically identify the basis of such attribution
in the pleadings, this renders the plaintiffs’ case defective. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

1DCS at [163].

Further, the plaintiffs cannot proceed on the basis of agency as it was not
pleaded. The plaintiffs have also not established that Mr Tan acted within the
scope of authority given by the Crest entities in carrying out the unlawful
means conspiracy. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

1DRS at [82].

142 Having considered the Crest entities’ submission, I agree with the
plaintiffs that it is unmeritorious. At all times, the Crest entities
understood the case against them to be based on Mr Tan’s acts in the
transaction, as the authorised representative of each of the Crest entities.
Indeed, the Crest entities rely on the acts of Mr Tan; they do not dispute
that he had acted with authority.

143 To elaborate, at paras 2.2.4, 2.25 and 2.2.17(e) of SOC4, the plaintiffs
plead Mr Tan’s role and involvement in the Standby Facility, as “admitted to”
by Mr Tan, the Investment Director of Crest Capital, in his affidavit filed in
these proceedings on 10 May 2016 on behalf of the Crest entities. These
material facts concerning Mr Tan thus form the basis of the plaintiffs’
allegations of dishonesty and/or injurious intent on the part of the Crest
entities.

144 In D6CC3, at para 5, the Crest entities plead that the Standby Facility
investors (ie, EFIII, VMF3 and VMIII) were “managed in all aspects” by Crest
Capital and Crest Catalyst. At paras 15A, 15B and 16 of D6CC3, the Crest
entities do not dispute the events involving Mr Tan. None of the Crest
entities disassociated themselves from Mr Tan’s acts.

145 Therefore, I do not think that the plaintiffs’ pleading is deficient. The
material facts have been sufficiently pleaded. In fact, I agree with the
plaintiffs that it was “curious” that the Crest entities raises this argument
in the closing submissions. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

PRS at [5]-[10].

This point is inconsistent with the Crest entities’ pleaded case, as well as
the position taken by the Crest entities in the proceedings. Specifically, the
Crest entities rely on the acts of Mr Tan throughout the negotiations, during
entry into the Standby Facility, and in respect of the subsequent drawdowns on
the Standby Facility.

146 From all the facts and circumstances described above, Mr Tan’s actual
authority as agent is also plain to see. I only wish to add that in the term
sheet sent by Mr Tan to Mr Fan and Mr Aathar via email on 9 April 2015, it was
stated expressly as follows: 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

1ACB at p 550.

… [that it] summarizes the principal terms with respect to a potential funding
into International Healthway Corporation Limited or its subsidiaries (“IHC”)
by Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and/or its designated funds (“Lender”).

[emphasis added]

147 The Crest entities cannot adopt the position that Mr Tan’s acts were
authorised on the one hand, and yet on the other hand, disavow his state of
mind. For completeness, I should add that there is no dispute by the Crest
entities that the agreements, ie, the initial facility agreement and the
Standby Facility agreement, were properly executed by the investing funds.

148 To round off, the claim for dishonest assistance lies in equity, and that
of unlawful means conspiracy lies in tort. For these claims, I do not know of
any reason (nor was any offered by the Crest entities) to exclude attribution
on the general principles of agency. As observed by Lords Walker and Hodge
JJSC in Bilta (UK) Ltd v Nazir (No 2) [2015] 2 WLR 1168 at [205], “where a
third party makes a claim against the company, the rules of agency will
normally suffice to attribute to the company not only the act of the director
or employee but also his or her state of mind, where relevant.” Mr Tan was the
agent of each of the Crest entities in relation to the Standby Facility.
Hence, his knowledge, state of mind and intention could (and should) be
attributable to the Crest entities.

Dishonest assistance

149 I now turn to the substantive claim for dishonest assistance against the
Crest entities, Mr Aathar and Ms Lim in respect of Mr Fan’s breach of duties.

The elements of the cause of action

150 A claim in dishonest assistance is a type of accessory liability. As
stated in George Raymond Zage III and another v Ho Chi Kwong and another
[2010] 2 SLR 589 (“George Raymond Zage”) at [20] and Banque Nationale de Paris
v Hew Keong Chan Gary [2000] 3 SLR(R) 686 at [136], the elements of dishonest
assistance are:

(a) the existence of a trust or fiduciary obligation;

(b) breach of that trust or fiduciary obligation;

(c) assistance rendered by the alleged accessory towards the breach; and

(d) such assistance rendered by the alleged accessory was dishonest.

151 Since I have found that Mr Fan owed and breached his fiduciary duties to
IHC by causing IHC to enter into, draw down and incur significant liabilities
under the Standby Facility, the first two elements are satisfied. The present
analysis concerns the third and fourth elements.

152 The alleged assistance must be in relation to acts or omissions which have
a causative effect on the breach of fiduciary obligation: Brown and another v
Bennett and others [1999] 1 BCLC 649 at 659. This means that the acts of
assistance alleged must be referable to the breach: Clearlab ([108] supra) at
[300]. The causative effect required does not need to rise to the level of
inducing the breach of fiduciary duty. It is sufficient if it assists the
breach: Clearlab at [296]. This is a lower threshold. It is generally
sufficient, therefore, that some form of facilitative involvement in the
breach concerned is shown.

153 Turning to dishonesty, in George Raymond Zage at [22], the Court of Appeal
adopted the test set out by the Privy Council in Barlow Clowes International
Ltd (in liquidation) v Eurotrust International Ltd [2006] 1 WLR 1476 at [15]
(“Barlow Clowes”). A person has assisted dishonestly in a transaction if he
knew at the time the assistance is given of the “irregular shortcomings of the
transaction that ordinary honest people would consider it to be a breach of
the standards of honest conduct if he failed to adequately query them”. Mere
foolishness, imprudence or negligence does not suffice: MKC Associates Co Ltd
and another v Kabushiki Kaisha Honjin and others (Neo Lay Hiang Pamela and
another, third parties; Honjin Singapore Pte Ltd and another, fourth parties)
[2017] SGHC 317 (“MKC Associates”) at [272].

Whether the Crest entities, Mr Aathar and Ms Lim rendered assistance

154 IHC’s case against the Crest entities, Mr Aathar and Ms Lim is based on
the following acts of assistance: 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

SOC at [2.2.10] to [2.2.11].

(a) The Crest entities extending the Standby Facility to IHC, and carrying out
drawdowns on the Standby Facility to purchase IHC’s shares.

(b) Mr Aathar negotiating with the Crest entities on the Standby Facility with
Mr Fan’s knowledge, and extending his personal guarantee to the Crest entities
to facilitate IHC’s entry into the Standby Facility.

(c) Ms Lim preparing and finalising the legal documents for the Standby
Facility, as well as the board paper which was vetted by Mr Fan, to recommend
the approval of the Standby Facility to IHC’s board.

155 The Crest entities and Ms Lim do not deny the acts concerned. Their main
contention is that they did not act dishonestly. Turning to Mr Aathar, at
[118] above, I found that along with Mr Fan, he negotiated the terms of the
Standby Facility. It is undisputed that Mr Aathar signed the personal
guarantee thereafter, and executed the Standby Facility agreement as the
personal guarantor. Therefore, I accept that all the alleged acts were carried
out.

156 I am mindful that Mr Fan was not a shadow director of IHC, and did not owe
IHC any fiduciary duties before 17 May 2015: see [116] above. Some of the acts
of the Crest entities and Mr Aathar, eg, in negotiating the deal, and in
respect of six out of 14 drawdowns and acquisitions of IHC shares, took place
before 17 May 2015. Nonetheless, their conduct put in place the particular
state of affairs that allowed Mr Fan to act in breach of his fiduciary duties
from 17 May 2015, in order for IHC to formally enter into the Standby
Facility. Thus, I am of the view that all the acts (including those before 17
May 2015) had a causative effect on Mr Fan’s breach of fiduciary duties, and
therefore assisted the same. With that, I turn to consider if any of the
parties acted dishonestly.

Whether the Crest entities acted dishonestly

157 The Crest entities argue that while they were aware that the Standby
Facility would involve IHC incurring liabilities to purchase its own shares,
the Crest entities were ignorant of the fact that it was illegal to do so. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

1DCS at [217].

They did not know about any irregular shortcomings in the arrangements. Their
case rests on the following grounds:

(a) Mr Tan had not been aware of the prohibition against public companies
purchasing their own shares, 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

1DCS at [218].

and had claimed that the Crest entities would not have participated in the
scheme if he had known; 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

1DCS at [219].

and

(b) the Crest entities did not know that IHC was unable to lawfully enter into
the Standby Facility, and to draw down on the Standby Facility to purchase its
own shares, 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

1DCS at [217].

given the contractual warranties given by IHC (in cll 3.2(e), 3.2(f) and
3.2(g) of the Standby Facility agreement) 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

1ACB at p 40.

which were to the effect that the Standby Facility was lawful, that IHC had
taken the necessary steps to ensure that the Standby Facility was valid, and
that the performance of the obligations would not be in breach of any law. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

1DCS at [316].

158 I deal with the second point first. In The Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra)
at [131], the Court of Appeal noted that considerable caution must be taken
before generic representations and warranties of the sort in the Standby
Facility agreement can be relied on to establish an estoppel that would allow
the Crest entities to simply sidestep the stringent statutory requirements in
ss 76B to 76G of the Companies Act for effecting a “whitewash” of a company’s
acquisitions of its own shares. Such representations and warranties are
commonplace in commercial contracts, and to allow reliance on such terms would
dilute the significance of the statutory prohibitions in s 76(1A)(a)(i) of the
Companies Act. Vis-à-vis the Crest entities, the Court of Appeal held that IHC
was not estopped from voiding the Standby Facility: see [125]–[126].

159 I note that in D6CC3, the Crest entities plead that IHC was estopped from
asserting that it had not obtained the necessary consents and approvals to
purchase its own shares. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

D6CC3 at [15D]-[15E].

Given the ruling in The Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra), the Crest entities no
longer rely on this point. However, they continue to rely on the
representations and warranties to deny the Crest entities’ knowledge of any
contravention of the Companies Act. For the same reasons stated by the Court
of Appeal, I do not find the Crest entities’ explanation persuasive.

160 On the first point, I am not convinced that Mr Tan did not know of the
prohibition under s 76 of the Companies Act for the following reasons:

(a) First, Crest Capital and Crest Catalyst are professional fund
administrators and managers. Mr Tan is the Investment Director of Crest
Capital, and is the licence holder under the regime by the Monetary Authority
of Singapore. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NE, 13 August 2019 p 111 lines 15-17.

It seems to me far-fetched for Mr Tan to claim that he would not know of the
legal prohibition.

(b) Second, when the Crest entities prepared the legal documents for the
Standby Facility which were sent by Mr Tan to IHC, the security in the form of
the IHC shares held by the Crest entities was completely omitted despite it
being a term stated in the term sheet. This was a glaring omission which
pointed to an awareness of something amiss regarding the share purchases.

(c) Third, from April 2015 to 5 February 2016, the Crest entities did not send
any confirmation of the principal drawn down from the Standby Facility to IHC,
despite their requests for the standby fees. During that period, there were at
least five statements of accounts and over 20 debit notes issued, but it was
not until 5 February 2016 that the statements/debit notes reflected that the
principal was drawn down under the Standby Facility. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

PCS at [80].

Mr Tan was unable to give an explanation for this.

(d) In all, there were only two emails which suggested that the Crest entities
had purchased IHC shares on IHC’s behalf using the funds from the Standby
Facility:

(i) The first email was a summary table sent by Mr Tan to Mr Fan and Mr Aathar
by way of an email of 8 May 2015, containing details of the purchase of IHC
shares. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

PCS at [119]; 4AB at p 2074.

However, this was a personal update to Mr Fan and Mr Aathar, and Mr Tan did
not provide any official update to IHC.

(ii) The second email was the 12 May 2015 email from Mr CP Lim to Ms Lim,
containing the SGX statement showing one purchase of IHC shares. Even then, it
was recalled barely ten minutes later with Mr CP Lim asking Ms Lim to ignore
it.

Once again, the failure by Mr Tan (and anyone else from the Crest entities) to
update IHC on the purchase of the shares is telling. Apart from Mr Fan and Mr
Aathar, Mr Tan could not identify anyone else in IHC who might have known
about the purchase of 59,304,800 IHC shares on IHC’s behalf. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

NE, 14 August 2015, p129, line 7 to p 130 line 25.

(e) For the drawdowns, Mr Tan did not follow the mandatory procedure that was
laid down in the Standby Facility agreement (which the Crest entities drafted
and which he communicated to IHC) for drawdowns to be made. In accordance with
cl 7 of the Standby Facility agreement, the requirements for a disbursement
were as follows: 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

3ACB at p 1282.

7\. DISBURSEMENT

7.1 Subject to the Disbursement Request being in order and to the terms of the
Disclosure Letter, if any, and the results of the Investors’ due diligence on
the Group, the Properties and/or the Geelong Property being acceptable to the
Investors, the Investors will procure the Disbursement of the Facility, by way
of bank transfer, directly to the Company Account, as soon as practicable and
in any event not later than 3 Business Days following receipt of the
Disbursement Request.”

[emphasis added]

A “Disbursement Request”, defined in cl 6.1(j) as a written request for
disbursement furnished by IHC to the Standby Facility investors (ie, EFIII,
VMF3 and VMIII) is, therefore, a prerequisite for effecting any drawdown.
Furthermore, if the drawdowns were made properly in accordance with the
Standby Facility agreement, the funds would have to be disbursed, by way of
bank transfers to IHC’s bank account. The funds thus obtained could not be
used directly by the Crest entities to purchase any shares at all.

Despite this, Mr Tan allowed Mr Aathar to instruct him to draw down on the
Standby Facility to purchase IHC shares. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

7AB at pp 3478 to 3488.

This flagrantly contravened the procedure set out in the Standby Facility
agreement, and Mr Tan was unable to provide a satisfactory explanation why he
permitted this course of action.

(f) Even after the dispute arose in February 2016, the Crest entities did not
provide IHC with information about the drawdowns. As stated at [43], IHC’s
finance team had asked the Crest entities’ finance team for supporting
documents for the drawdowns, contending that there had not been any drawdown.
Instead of providing the details, the Crest entities responded by asking IHC
to check with Mr Fan or Mr Aathar.

161 Contrary to the position argued by the Crest entities, I do not consider
actual knowledge of the statutory prohibition a requirement for proving
dishonesty. However, as the point arises again in the context of the unlawful
means conspiracy, I will address the factual dispute. Based on the various
strands of evidence set out above, on a balance of probabilities, I find that
at the very lowest, Mr Tan ought to have known of the prohibition under the
Companies Act. There is no other conceivable reason for him to disregard the
procedural safeguards in the Standby Facility agreement on disbursements, and
for the conduct displayed by the Crest entities above. In fact, I am prepared
to conclude that he had actual knowledge of this fact.

162 That said, to reiterate, the test of dishonesty is an objective one – that
a defendant knew at the material time the assistance is given of the
“irregular shortcomings of the transaction that ordinary honest people would
consider it to be a breach of the standards of honest conduct if he failed to
adequately query them”. Even leaving aside the question of the knowledge of
the statutory provision, Mr Tan (and thus the Crest entities) well knew about
the serious irregularities in the various drawdowns from the Standby Facility
(especially prior to its formalisation). They did not query these
irregularities but allowed the arrangement to continue and even formalised the
Standby Facility with IHC. Their participation involved a breach of the
standards of honest conduct.

163 For completeness, I note that the plaintiffs plead that the Crest entities
knew or ought to have known of Mr Fan’s breaches of fiduciary duties. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

SOC4 at [2.2.10].

The Crest entities deny this. While the parties’ closing and reply submissions
do not address this issue substantively, I think it is necessary to discuss
this, as it has some relevance in the claim for unlawful means conspiracy.

164 Turning to the law, it is not necessary for the Crest entities to know
specifically that Mr Fan owed and breached fiduciary duties. In Barlow Clowes
([153] supra), Lord Hoffmann observed that it was not necessary for it to be
proved that the defendant had actual knowledge that monies disposed (in breach
of trust) were actually held in trust, saying at [28]:

First, it was not necessary … that Mr Henwood should have concluded that the
disposals were of moneys held in trust. It was sufficient that he should have
entertained a clear suspicion that this was the case. Secondly, it is quite
unreal to suppose that Mr Henwood needed to know all the details to which the
court referred before he had grounds to suspect that Mr Clowes and Mr Cramer
were misappropriating their investors’ money. … In Brinks Ltd v Abu-Saleh
[1996] CLC 133, 151 Rimer J expressed the opinion that a person cannot be
liable for dishonest assistance in a breach of trust unless he knows of the
existence of the trust or at least the facts giving rise to the trust. But
their Lordships do not agree. Someone can know, and can certainly suspect,
that he is assisting in a misappropriation of money without knowing that the
money is held on trust or what a trust means …

[emphasis added]

165 On the evidence, it seems clear to me that Mr Tan ought to have known (or
certainly suspected) that IHC’s entry into and drawing down on the Standby
Facility to purchase its own shares were against IHC’s interests in some way,
and that he was assisting Mr Fan in breaching the duties that Mr Fan owed to
IHC. Again, I rely on the matters at [160]. I would also add a few more facts
to the mix. First, Mr Tan knew that Mr Fan and Mr Aathar were substantial
shareholders of IHC, and had their own interests to protect as shareholders
which were separate and distinct from IHC’s interests. Second, there was a
fairly long delay in the formal execution of the Standby Facility, from the
time the draft documents were sent to IHC on 9 April 2015 to 21 July 2015 when
the duly executed documents were returned by Mr CP Lim to IHC. I compare this
with the Geelong Facility which was fully executed by 17 June 2015, but for
which negotiations started later in time. Third, it took the changeover from
Mr Chia as CEO to Mr Fan as Group CEO and then CEO before the process was
completed. Despite all these circumstances, Mr Tan allowed the drawdowns and
acquisitions of shares on the instructions of Mr Aathar, in non-compliance
with the proper procedure provided in the Standby Facility agreement (and only
furnished updates to Mr Aathar and Mr Fan).

Whether Mr Aathar acted dishonestly

166 As I found above at [93] and [95], Mr Aathar knew that the purpose of the
Standby Facility was for IHC to incur liabilities to purchase its own shares,
but still gave the instructions to the Crest entities to acquire the shares.
At the trial, he admitted that he knew of the prohibition against a company
buying its own shares without a proper share buyback mandate. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE, 13 August 2019, p 20 lines 15-20.

With such knowledge while negotiating the deal, Mr Aathar facilitated IHC’s
entry into the Standby Facility by giving a personal guarantee. He also
executed the Standby Facility agreement (as a personal guarantor). I have no
doubt he knew that Mr Fan (who had taken over as Group CEO and then CEO) dealt
with the process in breach of his duties. Mr Aathar had clearly breached the
ordinary standards of honest conduct.

Whether Ms Lim acted dishonestly

167 Ms Lim was not involved in negotiating the Standby Facility, or drawing
down on it. As I found at [135]–[136] above, her conduct was negligent.
However, she was not necessarily also dishonest. For her to be dishonest, she
must be shown to have suspected that something was wrong but chose not to want
to know the truth: MKC Associates ([153] supra) at [272].

168 On the facts, Ms Lim’s purported knowledge of any impropriety in the
Standby Facility could only come from her knowing that the purpose of the
Standby Facility was to purchase IHC shares, and that funds had been used to
do so.

169 While I accept that Ms Lim acquired some knowledge that the Standby
Facility had been drawn down for unknown purposes, this could well have
included drawdowns for working capital. Relying on what I have previously
found at [131]–[135] above, Ms Lim owed it to IHC to investigate further but
did not. However, there is insufficient evidence for me to conclude on a
balance of probabilities that Ms Lim knew that the Standby Facility had been
drawn down for the acquisition of IHC’s own shares. There is no doubt Ms Lim
was negligent. I do not, however, consider her negligence to rise to the level
of dishonesty. She is not liable for dishonest assistance.

Conclusion

170 To sum up, in my view, the Crest entities and Mr Aathar (but not Ms Lim)
dishonestly assisted in Mr Fan’s breaches of fiduciary duties to IHC.

Unlawful means conspiracy

The elements of the cause of action

171 I move on to the claim in unlawful means conspiracy. In EFT Holdings, Inc
and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT
Holdings”), the Court of Appeal set out the elements of the tort of unlawful
means conspiracy as follows at [112]:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts must be performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

172 Unlawful acts have been found to encompass criminal acts, intentional
tortious acts, breaches of contract and breaches of fiduciary duties. IHC
alleges that the unlawful means forming the basis for its claim are: 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

PCS at [276].

(a) the entry into and drawdowns on the Standby Facility, which contravened s
76(1A) of the Companies Act; and

(b) the breaches of Mr Fan’s fiduciary duties owed to IHC.

173 In response, the Crest entities and Ms Lim do not seriously dispute that
if established, these would constitute unlawful acts. Their contentions relate
to the remaining four elements, and I shall go through those shortly. Over and
above the elements set out above, the Crest entities submit that actual
knowledge of the unlawful nature of the act is a requirement of the claim. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

1DCS at [182].

In relation to the factual dispute as to whether Mr Tan (and thus the Crest
entities) knew of the legal prohibition against a company buying its own
shares, I had already made certain findings: see [161] above. I proceed now to
deal with the Crest entities’ contention that ignorance of the legal
prohibition would absolve the Crest entities of liability.

Whether knowledge of the illegal nature of the acts is required

174 The starting point is Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in receivership) v
Intraco Ltd and others [1994] 1 SLR(R) 513 (“Multi-Pak”), which endorsed the
legal position in Belmont Finance Corporation Ltd v Williams Furniture Ltd and
others [1979] 1 Ch 250 (“Belmont Finance”), and held that ignorance of the
illegality of the act is not a defence to an unlawful conspiracy claim.

175 Knowledge of the alleged conspirators features, however, in relation to
two elements of the tort. First, as stated in EFT Holdings ([171] supra),
proof of a mere intention to injure suffices to succeed in a claim founded on
unlawful means conspiracy, whereas for a lawful means conspiracy, a
predominant intention to injure must be proved. If the defendants are to
intend the damaging consequences of their actions, they must necessarily also
actually know that such an act carries the damaging consequences alleged: at
[73], [99]–[101].

176 Second, the element of combination requires proof of two or more persons
and an agreement between or among them to do certain acts: Nagase Singapore
Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat [2008] 1 SLR(R) 80 at [23]. Agreement is often
inferred from the circumstances and acts of the alleged conspirators, provided
that the alleged conspirators must have been “sufficiently aware of the
surrounding circumstances and share the object for it properly to be said that
they were acting in concert at the time of the acts complained of”: EFT
Holdings at [113]. To reframe this, an agreement may be inferred from the
parties’ knowledge of the facts on which the conspiracy is founded, even if
they did not appreciate the legal effect of those facts: see Gary Chan Kok
Yew, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2011) at [15.054].

177 The Crest entities are essentially arguing for proof of a further mental
state – ie, that of actual knowledge by the alleged conspirators of the
unlawful nature of the means deployed – before a claimant can succeed in an
unlawful means conspiracy claim. Thus, they contend that the Crest entities
must be proven to have actual knowledge of the illegality of the Standby
Facility. While the Crest entities do not submit specifically on this, it
seems to follow that their position is that it must also be proven that they
knew of Mr Fan’s breaches of his fiduciary duties. While the Crest entities
acknowledged the position established in Multi-Pak, they relied on a trio of
subsequent cases, namely, Douglas v Hello! Ltd [2006] QB 125 (“Hello!”),
Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG [2008] 2 SLR(R) 189 (“Beckkett”) and
Meretz Investments NV and another v ACP Ltd and others [2008] 2 WLR 904
(“Meretz”) 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

1DCS at [183]-[186].

to support their proposition that the position has changed. In response, the
plaintiffs submitted that as a matter of law, this is wrong. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at [26].

178 I return to Belmont Finance, an instructive case where the unlawful means
consisted of a breach of a UK statutory prohibition against a company
providing financial aid to third parties to purchase its shares. Buckley LJ
said, at 269-270:

… Dishonesty was not a necessary ingredient of the claim of conspiracy; all
that would be necessary to support that claim would be actual, or possibly
imputed, knowledge of the facts which rendered the transaction an illegal one.
‘Crime’ and ‘fraud’ are not synonymous; a criminal act may well be committed
without any fraud or dishonesty.

[emphasis added]

179 Concurring with this view, Goff LJ citing the speech of Viscount Dilhorne
in R v Churchill [1967] 2 AC 224 at 237, said that (at 271):

… In answer to the question posed by the Court of Criminal Appeal in this
case, I would say that mens rea is only an essential ingredient in conspiracy
in so far as there must be an intention to be a party to an agreement to do an
unlawful act; that knowledge of the law on the part of the accused is
immaterial and that knowledge of the facts is only material in so far as such
knowledge throws a light on what was agreed.

…

The question is, ‘What did they agree to do? If what they agreed to do was, on
the facts known to them, an unlawful act, they are guilty of conspiracy and
cannot excuse themselves by saying that, owing to their ignorance of the law,
they did not realise that such an act was a crime…

[emphasis added]

180 Multi-Pak was a case where unlawful means conspiracy was alleged against
the defendant and the directors of the company for breach of directors’ duties
under s 157 of the CA. Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) held at [50]–[51]
that:

50 In the present case, in order to succeed in conspiracy, it must be shown
that there was a conspiracy to do an unlawful act which caused damage to the
plaintiffs. On the facts as discussed before, I am of the view that a case has
been made out. Intraco and the two directors were working very closely to
effect the assignment. Intraco knew the full facts. If, as I hold it is, that
the directors had acted in breach of their fiduciary duties when they agreed
with Intraco to take an assignment of the receivables, it seems to me to
follow that Intraco and the directors had acted in concert to do an unlawful
act: to cause a breach of s 157(1) of the Act, which is an offence under s
157(3). …

51 The fact that Intraco might not have known that the directors of Multi-Pak
would be acting in breach of s 157(1) is beside the point so long as Intraco
was aware of all the relevant facts. …

[emphasis added]

181 I go to Hello! ([177] supra). As the Crest entities submit, its reasoning
was adopted by EFT Holdings ([171] supra), in that the Court of Appeal
accepted that actual knowledge as to the consequences is required to establish
the tort of unlawful means. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

1st to 5th Defendants’ Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at [99].

I have set this out at [175] above. I agree with the plaintiffs that Hello!
analyses the various states of mind that could amount to an intention to
injure, and decided that knowledge of the consequences is required. However,
Hello! does not stand for the proposition that knowledge of the illegality of
the act is required, or that ignorance of the illegality is a defence.

182 Turning to Beckkett ([177] supra), the case concerned both lawful and
unlawful means conspiracy in a forced sale of shares. In relation to the
intention to injure, at [121]–[122], Kan Ting Chiu J (as he then was) held as
follows:

If Deutsche Bank and DSM did not knowingly fix the price at an undervalue,
there can be no agreement to cause Beckkett injury by transacting at an
undervalue. Taking the argument a step further, even if DSM had known that
US$46m was an undervalue, that is not evidence of a predominant intention on
its part to injure Beckkett because its primary interest was to purchase the
shares at the lowest price, and not to injure Beckkett, and it cannot be said
that the predominant intention of the combination was to cause injury.

Beckkett also relied on the agreement to seek court approval for the sale by
the penetapans as evidence of the conspiracy to injure. Prima facie, the
agreement to obtain the court approvals ex parte was to facilitate the
transaction. There was no evidence that Deutsche Bank or DSM knew at that time
that penetapans were inappropriate and that putusans were required. There can
be no inference that they intended to do something unlawful. It would of
course be different if they had agreed to do something they knew to be wrong,
eg, to under-declare the sale price.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

183 Read in context, again, it seems to me that Beckkett is concerned with
actual knowledge that goes towards proving the combination/agreement, and/or
towards proving the intention to injure. Indeed, Multi-Pak is not discussed in
Beckkett, and I do not agree that Beckkett marked a departure from the former.

184 Along the same vein, in Meretz ([177] supra), Arden LJ held, in the
context of the tort of inducing breach of contract, that a person does not
have the requisite intention to injure another as a means to further his own
interests if the causative act is something which that person believes he was
entitled to do, because all that he intends is to produce a result which he
believed he was entitled to produce: at [127]. Toulson LJ expressed the view
(albeit obiter) that this could be extended to the tort of unlawful means
conspiracy, such that it was a defence if the defendant not only acted to
protect his own interests but did so in the belief that he had a lawful right
to act as he did: at [174]. Once again, the concern is with proof of the
intention to injure.

185 Accordingly, I do not agree with the Crest entities that knowledge of
illegality is a distinct requirement of unlawful means conspiracy, or that
ignorance of illegality is a defence. However, knowledge of the facts and
surrounding circumstances is relevant, insofar as knowledge goes to prove the
combination/agreement of the alleged conspirators, and/or the intention to
injure.

Whether there was an agreement to do certain acts

186 I have set out the law on the element of combination at [171] above. To
summarise, there must be an agreement by the alleged conspirators to pursue a
particular course of action. I should add that alleged conspirators need not
have participated in the alleged conspiracy at the same time, nor do they need
to know what they have each agreed to do. All that is necessary is for a
plaintiff to establish that the conspirators are “sufficiently aware of the
surrounding circumstances and share the same object”: EFT Holdings ([171]
supra) at [113].

187 I am satisfied that the Crest entities, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar formed an
agreement to cause IHC to enter into and draw down on the Standby Facility to
purchase IHC shares. The backdrop of their agreement was a potential short-
seller’s attack on IHC shares, and a desire on the part of Mr Aathar and Mr
Fan to stabilise IHC’s share price. After the three of them discussed the
matter on 3 April 2015, they followed up with a series of emails the next day
regarding the precise terms of the Standby Facility. The parties envisaged
that IHC would be able to avail itself of funds under the Standby Facility to
purchase its own shares, and this was the common object.

188 Turning to Ms Lim, she entered the picture later. As I found above, she
acted negligently in her role in the preparation and finalisation of the legal
documents. However, there is insufficient evidence to find that she knew the
true purpose of the Standby Facility, or that there had been drawdowns for the
acquisition of IHC shares. Indeed, Mr Fan did not brief her on the deal. I am
unable to infer from the surrounding circumstances that she acted in
combination with the Crest entities, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar.

Whether acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement, and whether the
acts were unlawful

189 I also find that the Crest entities, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar furthered their
common object through procuring IHC’s entry into and subsequent drawdowns on
the Standby Facility. At the risk of repetition, Mr Aathar gave Mr Tan
instructions to draw down on the Standby Facility, and to acquire IHC shares
on IHC’s behalf. Mr Fan was instrumental in obtaining approval from the IHC
board for the Standby Facility, namely by clearing and endorsing the board
paper. Both Mr Fan and Mr Aathar personally guaranteed the Standby Facility,
which further facilitated IHC’s entry into the Standby Facility. Without their
involvement, IHC would not have entered into the Standby Facility, nor would
it have used the facility to purchase its own shares.

190 The Standby Facility was illegal for contravention of the Companies Act,
while Mr Fan breached his fiduciary duties by virtue of his role in the
transaction. The Crest entities well knew of all the surrounding facts
regarding IHC’s purchase of its own shares using the Standby Facility. Any
claim of ignorance of the statutory provision is not a defence. Admittedly, Mr
Tan might not have been fully aware of how Mr Fan acted in breach of his
fiduciary duties to procure IHC’s formal execution of the Standby Facility.
However, it is not a requirement to show that a conspirator knew exactly what
each co-conspirator had agreed to do (or had then proceeded to do).

Whether there was any intention to injure

191 On the issue of the intention to injure on the part of the alleged
conspirators, it is insufficient for IHC to simply show that harm to IHC would
be a likely, probable or even inevitable consequence of the conduct. That the
conspirators intended injury to IHC as a means to an end or an end in itself
must be established. Additionally, if the conspirators are to intend the
damaging consequences of their actions, they must necessarily also actually
know that such an act carries the damaging consequences alleged: EFT Holdings
([171] supra) at [99]–[101].

192 IHC argues that the requisite intention to injure IHC on the part of the
Crest entities, Mr Fan, Mr Aathar and Ms Lim was made out on the following
bases:

(a) The conspiracy to cause or procure IHC to enter into and draw down on the
Standby Facility to purchase IHC shares was clearly targeted and directed at
inflicting injury to IHC. As IHC was the contractual party to the Standby
Facility, it was certain to be saddled with substantial liability for the
principal drawn down, interest/standby fees (which IHC submits are exorbitant)
and price fluctuations for the shares. IHC also stood to lose its Australian
business if the liabilities were not discharged. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at [14] to [15].

(b) With regard to the Crest entities in particular, the standby fees were the
means by which the Crest entities intended to achieve their end objective of
profiting from the transaction. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

PRS at [17].

The Crest entities

193 It seems to me that as against the Crest entities, there is a clear
intention to injure. On the facts, the Crest entities well knew that IHC would
incur substantial liabilities upon entry into the Standby Facility. The
standby fees amounted to S$700,000 per month, and there was a guaranteed
minimum of seven months of such fees.

194 The Crest entities stressed that this was purely a commercial deal. They
enjoyed a long business relationship with IHC. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

1DCS at [196].

When Mr Fan and Mr Aathar requested for them to grant the facility to IHC, 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

1DRS at [147].

they agreed to do because of their good business relationship with IHC and the
sufficiency of security provided by IHC. The standby fees charged under the
Standby Facility of 3.5% per month were comparable to other commercial deals
with other IHC entities. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

1DRS at [148].

195 Further, the Crest entities argue that there was nothing to incentivise
them to embark on the deal with an intention to injure IHC. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

1DCS at [198].

They could not have intended to injure IHC economically, as IHC’s financial
health would have had a direct impact on the extent to which the Crest
entities would be able to recover the principal sum extended to IHC under the
Standby Facility. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

1DCS at [199]-[200].

196 I am mindful that a predominant intention to injure is not required. It
could well be that in granting the facility, the Crest entities had all the
other commercial considerations in mind and were also motivated by the returns
from the transaction. However, unlike other commercial deals, the Standby
Facility was intended for IHC to acquire its own shares (which the Crest
entities knew or ought to have known to be in contravention of the Companies
Act). This was sufficient, in and of itself, to show an intention to injure on
the part of the Crest entities. Put in another way, the intended injury is
simply the imposition of the liability – including the standby fees – on IHC
for the purchase of its own shares.

197 Linked to the above is the Crest entities’ argument that the acquisition
of shares was not the sole purpose of the Standby Facility, and that the
Standby Facility was broadly framed as a loan for “general working capital”.
However, given that Mr Tan proceeded to take instructions from Mr Aathar and
to acquire IHC shares, he well knew that the Standby Facility was for the very
purpose of share acquisitions. Indeed, as highlighted by the plaintiffs, this
was tantamount to arguing that the Standby Facility was a plain vanilla credit
facility while the acquisition of shares was a separate agreement. Such an
argument had been rejected in The Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra) at [83]. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

PCS at [255].

198 In my judgment, therefore, the Crest entities possessed the requisite
intention to injure IHC. IHC’s claim of unlawful means conspiracy against them
is made out.

Mr Fan and Mr Aathar

199 Apart from being the ones who procured the Standby Facility from the Crest
entities, both Mr Fan and Mr Aathar knew and intended that IHC would incur
substantial liabilities for the prohibited purpose of purchasing its own
shares. The Standby Facility was the means to the end of supporting the IHC
share price. As major shareholders of IHC, they had an interest in maintaining
the IHC share price. Viewed in the round, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar had the
requisite intention to injure IHC.

Ms Lim

200 Given my finding that Ms Lim was not part of the conspiracy, it is
strictly speaking unnecessary for me to deal with this. For completeness, I
should state there is no basis for me to conclude that Ms Lim prepared the
legal documents for the Standby Facility and the board paper intending thereby
to injure IHC. There is nothing to suggest that Ms Lim expected to benefit
from the transaction. She was IHC’s senior employee, and her employment
security depended in part on IHC’s financial health. I do not see how Ms Lim
could have had any conceivable interest in inflicting injury on IHC.

Damage

201 On the last element of this claim, it cannot be disputed that IHC suffered
damage as a result of its entry into the Standby Facility. IHC had already
paid standby fees on 17 June and 2 July 2015, 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

1ACB at pp 237 and 363.

and an amount of S$3,883,950 was paid towards the principal on 18 December
2015. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

3ACB at p 1779.

Conclusion

202 Accordingly, I find that the elements of unlawful means conspiracy are
made out against the Crest entities, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar, but not against Ms
Lim.

Miscellaneous issues

Sufficiency of pleadings

203 Before I close the discussion on liability, I touch briefly on two matters
raised by the Crest entities.

204 The first is a point on pleadings. The Crest entities submit that the
plaintiffs have ventured beyond their pleadings by relying on acts of the
Crest entities in concealing and/or camouflaging the nature of the Standby
Facility (especially as part of the unlawful means conspiracy claim). 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

1DCS at [143], [146]-[154].

They argue that this is an impermissible expansion of their case.

205 In response, the plaintiffs contend that the unlawful acts relied on (and
pleaded) were the entry into and drawdowns on the Standby Facility (which was
in contravention of the Companies Act) and Mr Fan’s breach of duties. These
have been pleaded. The omissions, concealment or acts of camouflaging were
merely evidential matters surrounding the unlawful acts.

206 I agree. For instance, as set out above at [160] above, the plaintiffs
rely on what the Crest entities did not do, eg, the pledge of shares was not
mentioned in the facility documents, the failure to provide updates of share
purchases to IHC, et cetera, as evidence that the Crest entities knew of the
contravention of the Standby Facility. There has not been a failure to plead
the material facts.

Adverse inferences to be drawn from failure to call witnesses

207 The second point relates to the complaint that the plaintiffs failed to
call Dr Jong and Mr Chia as witnesses for the trial. It is argued that this
should attract a range of adverse inferences, especially the adverse inference
that the IHC board knew of the purpose of the Standby Facility, and that there
were drawdowns under it. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

1DCS at [40]-[50].

208 By s 116(g) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), the court may
presume “that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it”. The law on making adverse
inferences in civil matters for a party’s failure to call material witnesses
was stated by the Court of Appeal in Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan
Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [50], and followed in ARS v ART and
another [2015] SGHC 78 at [135]:

… The regime of drawing adverse inferences is derived from s 116(g) of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97). Whether or not in each case an adverse inference should
be drawn depends on all the evidence adduced and the circumstances of the
case. There is no fixed and immutable rule of law for drawing such inference…

209 I am doubtful that Mr Chia and Dr Jong would have been able to give
material evidence for this case. Mr Chia was the CEO for only a brief period
from 2 March 2015 to 17 May 2015, and in fact, he indicated that he intended
to leave by end of April 2015. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Lim’s AEIC at [19].

His role in the Standby Facility was not substantial.

210 Similarly, from the evidence before me, it appears that Dr Jong was not
substantially involved in the events of concern, ie, the negotiations leading
into the entry of the Standby Facility, the drawdowns and the subsequent
negotiations for repayment involving Mr Fan, Mr Aathar and Mr Tan.
Furthermore, the board paper did not mention the drawdowns to purchase the IHC
shares. From the responses of the directors, Mr Ong and Mr Siew, the true
purpose of the Standby Facility, and the drawdowns under it, were not formally
disclosed to Mr Ong and Mr Siew. Therefore, I am not sure what material
evidence Dr Jong would have given on this.

211 I do not think, therefore, that the failure to call either Dr Jong and/or
Mr Chia warrants the drawing of adverse inferences against the plaintiffs.

Damages and/or equitable compensation for losses suffered

212 The plaintiffs claim that the defendants are jointly and severally liable
for damages and/or equitable compensation for the alleged losses. In this
connection, I set out briefly the applicable principles in relation to each
cause of action.

213 In Sim Poh Ping v Winsta Holding Pte Ltd and another and other appeals
[2020] SGCA 35 (“Winsta”), the Court of Appeal affirmed that the court has
jurisdiction to make an award of equitable compensation for a breach of
fiduciary duty (at [129]). More importantly, the Court of Appeal settled the
controversy on the applicable test of causation, and set out the approach in
relation to the breach of core fiduciary duties as follows (at [254]):

(a) In a claim for a non-custodial breach of the duty of no-conflict or no-
profit or the duty to act in good faith, the plaintiff-principal must
establish that the fiduciary breached the duty and establish the loss
sustained.

(b) If the plaintiff-principal is able to meet the requirements of (a), a
rebuttable presumption that the fiduciary’s breach caused the loss arises. The
legal burden is on the wrongdoing fiduciary to rebut the presumption, to prove
that the principal would have suffered the loss in spite of the breach.

(c) Where the fiduciary is able to show that the loss would be sustained in
spite of the breach, no equitable compensation can be claimed in respect of
that loss.

(d) Where the fiduciary is unable to show that the loss would be sustained in
spite of the breach, the upper limit of equitable compensation is to be
assessed by reference to the position the principal would have been in had
there been no breach.

214 As I found above, Mr Fan breached his core fiduciary duties to IHC, ie,
his duty to act bona fide, duty of fidelity and duty to avoid conflict. Thus,
the approach set out above is applicable in considering whether Mr Fan is
liable for any of the alleged losses. I note, however, that the parties’
closing and reply submissions were filed before Winsta. Without the benefit of
the extensive analysis in Winsta, the plaintiffs briefly submitted that they
may claim equitable compensation to restore them to the position they would
have been in if not for the breach, citing the line of cases of Quality
Assurance ([108] supra), Then Khek Koon ([99] supra) and Tongbao (Singapore)
Shipping Pte Ltd and another v Woon Swee Huat and others [2018] SGHC 165
(“Tongbao”). 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

PCS at [281].

The Crest entities also relied on the same line of cases, submitting (perhaps
more completely than the plaintiffs) that the approach within such cases is
that where a fiduciary had breached his duty of honesty and fidelity, a
plaintiff should still prove that the breach was in some way connected to the
loss, so as to shift the burden to the fiduciary to prove that the principal
would have suffered the loss regardless of the fiduciary’s breach. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

1DRS at [165].

In my analysis below, where necessary, I recast the parties’ arguments within
the framework set out in Winsta.

215 I should add that in relation to two areas of loss, I thought it necessary
to consider whether the chain of causation had been broken by intervening
events. Thus, I invited parties to submit specifically on the question whether
other common law limiting doctrines, especially intervening causes, apply to
equitable compensation. This question was left open in Winsta (at [216]). I
shall deal with this point from [276] below.

216 Unlike Mr Fan, I found that Ms Lim breached her duty of due skill, care
and diligence. This is not a core fiduciary duty (see Winsta at [253]) and,
accordingly, the presumption of causation does not apply. Instead, her
liability for equitable compensation is subject to the common law doctrines of
foreseeability, causation and remoteness: Mothew ([99] supra) and Then Khek
Koon at [108].

217 Liability for dishonest assistance is secondary in nature. Thus, a party
who is a dishonest accessory to another’s breach of fiduciary duty is made
jointly and severally liable for equitable compensation to the plaintiff for
the losses suffered in respect of that breach. Thus, there is no need for
causation to be established between the assistance rendered and the loss
suffered: Tongbao at [131]. It follows that the Crest entities and Mr Aathar,
as dishonest accessories, are jointly and severally liable with Mr Fan for any
losses that would not have been suffered by IHC but for Mr Fan’s breaches of
fiduciary duties. Given this position, it is unsurprising that the Crest
entities made substantive arguments in relation to the losses Mr Fan should be
liable for (which I duly consider below).

218 In the case of unlawful means conspiracy, joint and several primary
liability attaches to the tortfeasors in respect of loss that would not have
been sustained “but for” their commission of the tort: Turf Club Auto Emporium
Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR
655 at [387]–[388]. This applies to the Crest entities, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar.
Such damages in tort are generally intended to place the plaintiff in the same
position as he would have been in had the tort not been committed.

219 Adopting the approaches and tests above, I will assess the defendants’
liability for the losses claimed by the plaintiffs. The losses are set out in
the AEIC of Ng Chuan Tee (“Mr Ng”), the Group Senior Finance Manager of IHC,
237

##### Foot Note 237

×

AEIC of Ng Chuan Tee at [32]-[66] read with NCT-9

with some updates on the quantification in the closing submissions and include
the following:

(a) The sums paid by IHC towards the Standby Facility totalling S$4,538,800
(“Payments towards the Standby Facility”). 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

PCS at [291].

(b) The interest which would not have accrued on the Geelong Facility if the
sums in (a) had been applied towards the Geelong Facility until its eventual
repayment date on 26 February 2018 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

PCS at [298].

amounting to S$4,531,596.97 (“Loss of use of payments made towards the Standby
Facility”). 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

PCS at [296] to [298]; [299].

(c) On the basis that the outstanding liability under the Geelong Facility
would have been fully satisfied on its maturity date of 28 February 2016
(“Losses in default of the Geelong Facility”):

(i) The post-maturity interest and default interest accrued on the Geelong
Facility, ie, after 28 February 2016, amounting to S$3,615,066.07. The
alternative figure of S$3,799,783 is erroneous. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

PCS at [334].

(ii) The costs and expenses of the Crest Receivers. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

PCS at [358].

(iii) The loss which is equivalent to the value of IHC’s Australian business,
the quantification of which has been bifurcated and which will be determined
in separate proceedings. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

PCS at [372].

(d) The losses connected with the 20 October Court Order as follows:

(i) The cost of the banker’s guarantee taken out pursuant to the 20 October
Court Order in the sum of A$423,912.97. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

PCS at [402].

(ii) The Crest entities’ overcharging of interest, default interest and
foreign exchange difference amounting to S$1,930,423.60, due to the delay in
applying the surplus proceeds from the sale of the Australian properties
(which were remitted to them in February 2018) towards the Geelong Facility
until July 2018. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

PCS at [343]; [356].

Mr Fan’s liability for breach of fiduciary duties

Payments towards the Standby Facility

220 Between 17 June 2015 and 18 December 2015, IHC paid a total of S$4,538,800
to partially discharge its liabilities under the Standby Facility. The
breakdown is as follows:

(a) S$255,850 paid on 17 June 2015; 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

1ACB at p 237.

(b) S$399,000 paid on 2 July 2015; 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

1ACB at p 363.

and

(c) S$3,883,950 on 18 December 2015, 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

3ACB at p 1779.

which IHC contends was intended for the Geelong Facility but was applied by
the Crest entities towards the Standby Facility instead.

221 Mr Fan disputes that he caused the loss. He alleges that the payments of
17 June 2015 and 2 July 2015 were duly approved by the board of directors as
minimum standby fees for the privilege of maintaining the availability of the
Standby Facility. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Fan’s AEIC at [6.2].

He maintains that there was no drawdown on the Standby Facility. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Fan’s AEIC at [6.3].

The Crest entities wrongfully diverted the sum of S$3,883,950 intended for the
Standby Facility towards the Geelong Facility. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Fan’s AEIC at [6.2]-[6.4].

222 Notwithstanding Mr Fan’s contentions, IHC would not have paid the first
two sums as standby fees to the Crest entities but for its entry into the
Standby Facility, which Mr Fan’s conduct brought about. The same is true for
the third sum paid to the Crest entities (purportedly for the Geelong
Facility). These losses were therefore caused by Mr Fan’s conduct. Mr Fan is
thus liable to pay IHC for the losses.

223 For completeness, I should add that the Crest entities contended that
pending applications for just and equitable relief under s 76A(4) of the
Companies Act made it premature for any conclusion to be drawn on the question
whether IHC had suffered any losses in respect of the Standby Facility, and
that the losses claimed by IHC in the present action should be disregarded.
252

##### Foot Note 252

×

DCS at [261].

This submission is unmeritorious. Section 76A(4) of the Companies Act gives
rise to a distinct remedy for just and equitable relief and does not preclude
IHC from proving and recovering its losses based on the causes of action in
this case. It is, in fact, not disputed that the Crest entities have yet to
return the sum of S$4,538,800 to IHC.

Loss of use of payments made towards the Standby Facility

224 IHC’s claim for loss of use of the total sum of S$4,538,800 is premised on
the assumption that had it not entered into the Standby Facility, the sum
would have been available to pay off the liabilities under the Geelong
Facility, which would have prevented interest from accruing thereon up to 26
February 2018 (the date at which the Geelong Facility was fully repaid). While
IHC Medical Re was the contracting party for the Geelong Facility, the
liabilities it incurred thereunder were eventually satisfied out of the
security furnished by IHC (ie, the Charged Shares by way of the 17 June Deed
of Charge). The Crest entities had “helped themselves” to the interest accrued
out of the surplus proceeds from the sale of the Australian properties. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

PCS at [298].

225 Mr Fan’s response is the same as set out at [221] above, ie, he denies
that he was responsible for those payments in the first place. For the same
reasons, I dismiss his contentions. Here, it is necessary to set out the Crest
entities’ detailed submissions to the effect that the loss would have been
sustained in any event. While the Crest entities do not dispute the quantum of
the interest claimed on this basis, they argue that: 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

1st to 5th Defendants’ Reply Submissions (“1DRS”) at [154].

(a) There was nothing that prevented IHC from making full repayment of the
Geelong Facility, and that IHC’s failure to repay the Geelong Facility was not
caused by the Standby Facility.

(b) IHC has failed to lead any evidence on why it did not repay the Geelong
Facility on time but for the Standby Facility.

(c) IHC had never once offered to repay the undisputed portion of the Geelong
Facility in order to stop the contractual and default interest from further
accruing.

(d) The payment of $3,883,950 was not unequivocally intended for the Geelong
Facility, and the WhatsApp message from Ms Lim to Mr Fan showed that IHC had
every intention of using that sum to repay the Standby Facility. This WhatsApp
message is set out at [127(e)] above.

226 On point (d), I observe that the WhatsApp message referred to does not
show that IHC clearly intended to use the sum to repay the Standby Facility.
This message shows that Ms Lim was raising the concern that there was no
record in IHC’s books of any drawdown on the Standby Facility justifying
payment. This is consistent with the fact that the IHC finance team was
querying the drawdowns on the Standby Facility alleged by the Crest entities
at the time. I shall deal with points (a) to (c) in relation to the next area
of loss.

227 For now, it suffices for me to say that the Crest entities’ arguments miss
the point for this category of losses. To rebut the presumption of causation,
the issue is whether in any event, the funds would not have been applied
towards the Geelong Facility. Having found that the S$4,538,800 represented
otherwise available funds that could have been applied towards the Geelong
Facility, the question is whether IHC would or would not have applied such
funds to the Geelong Facility. Whether they would or would not have paid off
the Geelong Facility in full, or whether they intended the S$3,883,950 for the
Standby Facility, are irrelevant considerations. I do not see any reason why,
if the Standby Facility had not been entered into in the first place, IHC
would not have used these funds to partially satisfy the Geelong Facility. The
S$3,500,000 payment it made towards the Geelong Facility on 4 December 2015
demonstrates this. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

3ACB at p 1801.

Clearly, the presumption of causation has not been rebutted.

228 The plaintiffs’ claim for such losses is computed as follows: 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

PCS at [299].

Payment Date| Payment Sum (S$)| Description| Interest Accrued (S$)  
---|---|---|---  
17 June 2015 | 255,850| Interest at 3.35% per month from 17 June 2015 to 26 February 2018 | 277,992.81  
Default interest at 3.00% per annum from 19 September 2015 to 26 February
2018| 18,714.92  
2 July 2015 | 399,000| Interest at 3.35% per month from 2 July 2015 to 26 February 2018 | 426,295.88  
Default interest at 3.00% per annum from 19 September 2015 to 26 February
2018| 29,187.12  
18 December 2015| 3,883,950| Interest at 3.35% per month from 18 December 2015 to 26 February 2018 | 3,432,568.57  
Default interest at 3.00% per annum from 18 December 2015 to 26 February 2018|
256,021.47  
Total| | | 4,440,779.85 (see below)  
  
229 As the Crest entities deducted the amount of accrued interest from the
surplus sale proceeds of the Australian properties (which should be released
to IHC), this represented a loss to IHC. Having found that such interest would
not have accrued but for Mr Fan’s breach of duties, he is liable to pay the
sum to the plaintiffs. I note that in Mr Ng’s AEIC, the amount claimed was a
higher sum of S$4,446,212.23. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Ng’s AEIC at [40].

In the closing submissions, the plaintiffs claimed for a total sum of
S$4,440,779.85 (as shown above). However, there is an error in the addition by
the plaintiffs. Having verified the addition of the figures within the closing
submissions, the amount I award is S$4,440,780.77.

230 I note that the plaintiffs also claim that the Crest entities had
unjustifiably overcharged default interest amounting to S$90,816 on the
outstanding principal of S$8,735,325 from 19 September 2015, 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

PCS at [299].

given that the Crest entities’ position was that the Geelong Facility matured
on 28 February 2016. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

D6CC3 at [26(c)].

This claim, however, is not supported by any evidence. Mr Ng’s AEIC is silent
on this claim, apart from stating the fact that the Geelong Facility matured
on 18 September 2015 and was extended to 18 December 2015 and again to 28
February 2016. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Ng’s AEIC at NCT-9 at [5],

It is raised only in closing submissions. Therefore, I reject this claim.

Losses in default of the Geelong Facility

231 In this next category, the plaintiffs claim that the losses suffered by
reason of its default on the Geelong Facility would not have been suffered had
Mr Fan’s breach not caused IHC Medical Re to default on the Geelong Facility.
I should also reiterate that the plaintiffs may avail itself of the
presumption in Winsta ([213] supra), that any losses arising from its failure
to pay the Geelong Facility would not have occurred but for Mr Fan’s breach.
The legal burden is then on Mr Fan to rebut the presumption, to prove that the
plaintiffs would have suffered the losses in spite of the breach.

232 Without the advantage of the clarification in Winsta, the plaintiffs argue
that it had proven that but for Mr Fan’s breach, IHC would have applied the
sum of S$4,538,800 towards the Geelong Facility, 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

PCS at [333].

and then satisfied the remaining S$4,196,525 in outstanding principal under
the Geelong Facility on its maturity date of 28 February 2016. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

PCS at [332] and [334].

Meanwhile, the defendants, in particular, the Crest entities, rely on the
arguments set out at [225] to assert that IHC would not have repaid the
Geelong Facility anyway.

233 To expand on the above, IHC says that it was thrown into an “impossible
situation” in early February 2016 owing to:

(a) the Crest entities’ assertions that liability for drawdowns had been
incurred under the Standby Facility; 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

PCS at [302].

(b) IHC’s finance department having been kept in the dark as to the existence
of the drawdowns under the Standby Facility, as it had no records indicating
the same, and the Crest entities’ refusal to provide further details; 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

PCS at [302].

and

(c) the Crest entities’ insistence on applying the sum of S$3,883,950 towards
the Standby Facility rather than the Geelong Facility. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

PCS at [304].

234 As a result, IHC alleges that it withheld further payments to the Crest
entities until the uncertainties over the existence of the drawdowns on the
Standby Facility could be resolved. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

PCS at [305].

235 To my mind, the real question is whether IHC would have repaid the
S$4,196,525 outstanding under the Geelong Facility, but for the problems with
the Standby Facility. This depends, in turn, on two factors: its willingness
and ability to repay.

236 I deal first with IHC’s willingness to repay the sum. In my view, the
repayments of S$3,500,000 and S$3,883,950 clearly demonstrats such willingness
on the part of IHC. I accept IHC’s position that the confusion over the
application of the S$3,883,950 towards the Standby Facility, which was caused
by Mr Fan’s breach, was the principal reason why further payments were not
made.

237 The WhatsApp message sent by Ms Lim to Mr Fan raised a query about the
Crest entities’ application of the sum of S$3,883,950 towards the Standby
Facility, and showed clearly that some confusion had been caused. Although Ms
Lim should have been aware of the possibility of a drawdown or drawdowns, she
remained unclear about what exactly happened. Such confusion would not have
arisen if the Standby Facility had not even been entered into in the first
place. It is also significant, in my opinion, that further payments to the
Crest entities ceased after the dispute over the existence of drawdowns on the
Standby Facility had arisen. Prior to this, IHC had made three payments to the
Crest entities for the standby fees under the Standby Facility and the
S$3,500,000 payment for the Geelong Facility. This lends credence to IHC’s
evidence that it was the dispute over the Standby Facility, which would not
have occurred but for Mr Fan’s breach, that caused it to withhold further
payment under the Geelong Facility.

238 In relation to IHC’s ability to repay the outstanding Geelong Facility
liability of S$4,196,525, IHC asserts that it had available funds to repay the
Geelong Facility in full upon maturity, ie, on 28 February 2016. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

PCS at [308].

Thus, but for the state of confusion caused by Mr Fan having caused IHC to
enter into the Standby Facility, none of the interest and default interest
charged under the Geelong Facility post-maturity (ie, starting from 1 March
2016) to the date of its repayment from the surplus proceeds from the sale of
the Australian properties, ie, 26 February 2018 would have been incurred.
IHC’s assertions are based on the following:

(a) IHC was able to channel substantial funds from its other projects and
businesses to meet its obligations. It was able to raise funds to make the
payments of S$3,500,000 and S$3,883,950 to the Crest entities in December
2015. Ms Lim testified at trial that the S$3,500,000 payment was raised from
IHC’s Holland Village China project. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

PCS at [312]; 8D2SB at p 8; NE, 20 August 2019, p 136, line 11 to p 137, line
2.

(b) IHC could rely on shareholder loans for liquidity. IHC had made repayments
of shareholder loans in 2015 of over S$25 million to two companies, ie, Golden
Cliff (which was controlled by Mr Fan) and Real Empire (which was controlled
by Mr Aathar). 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

PCS at [315].

On 28 April 2016, IHC had repaid S$1.2 million to Mr Fan for his shareholder
loan, and this sum could easily have been redirected or deferred since it was
interest-free with no fixed repayment date. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

PCS at [316]; NE, 9 July 2019, p 76, line 15 to p 77, line 12.

(c) According to Ms Lim, IHC could have sought funds from high net-worth
private equity lenders, eg, Mr Lim Hock Eng, who had previously extended loans
of amounts as high as S$6.5 million to IHC at an interest rate of 15% per
annum. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Lim’s AEIC at [95].

(d) Bank statements showed that IHC, together with its wholly-owned
subsidiaries (IHC First TMK, IHC Medical Asset, IHC Senior Housing (HK)), held
substantial bank balances amounting to S$5.4 million to S$5.6 million as at 28
April 2016. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

PCS at [320]; PB, Vol. 3 (“3PB”) at p 1228 to 2136; NE, 9 July 2019, p 27,
line 17 to p 29, line 9.

These bank accounts represented a ready source of funds which could be
utilised to make full repayment of the Geelong Facility.

(e) Even if, as the Crest entities pointed out at trial, the bank balances
were fully applied towards the Geelong Facility, there would still have been a
shortfall of between S$500k to S$1.2 million remaining outstanding in the
Geelong Facility, IHC could have easily raised that sum from shareholders’
loans or other sources of financing. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

PCS at [322].

(f) In any case, expert evidence provided by IHC’s expert witness, Richard
Hayler (“Mr Hayler”), showed that IHC’s financial position was strong enough
for it to refinance outstanding amounts under the Geelong Facility of up to
S$6 million, which it could then repay in the medium to long term. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

PCS at [323] to [324].

239 Therefore, assuming conservatively, that IHC had no ready internal sources
of funds to pay off the outstanding liability on the Geelong Facility, and had
to rely on refinancing, the question is whether it would have been able to
obtain such refinancing. This depended principally on the actions of third
parties, ie, whether third-party potential lenders would have been willing to
extend loans to IHC before or on the Geelong Facility’s maturity date (ie, on
28 February 2016). If, as the plaintiffs contend, third-party potential
lenders would have been willing to do so, there would be a causal link between
Mr Fan’s breach in entering into the Standby Facility (which caused the
confusion in IHC whether to make further payments) and IHC’s failure to repay
the Geelong Facility (which would not have occurred but for the confusion).
Given the position in Winsta ([213] supra), if Mr Fan were to establish that
IHC would not have been able to obtain third-party funding, the causal link
would be broken.

240 I now go to the circumstances on or around 28 February 2016 to consider
whether IHC had the ability to raise financing for the outstanding Geelong
Facility of S$4,196,525. On this, IHC relies on the evidence of its expert Mr
Hayler.

241 Mr Hayler opined that IHC’s financial position was sufficiently healthy
for a lender to extend loans of up to S$6 million. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Richard Hayler’s 1st AEIC (“RH1 AEIC”) at p 32, [4.26].

His conclusions were based on the following:

(a) Based on the balance sheet as at 31 December 2015, the IHC Group had total
net assets of at least S$62.18 million, which represented “more than adequate
headroom” for potential lenders to extend a S$6 million loan, provided that
they believed that IHC would be able to repay. Mr Hayler arrived at these
figures by conservatively excluding the whole value of IHC’s China properties,
which were the subject of a disclaimer of opinion by IHC’s auditors as they
were unable to verify their fair value. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

RH1 AEIC at p 32, [4.25] – [4.27].

(b) IHC had a clean credit history which would put it in good standing with
potential lenders such as banks. Mr Hayler relied on instructions given by IHC
that it had not defaulted on any of its loans in the three years prior to its
default on the Geelong Facility. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

RH1 AEIC at p 32, [4.28].

In this connection, Mr Hayler also observed that IHC was able to borrow at
considerably lower rates compared to the Geelong Facility, 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

RH1 AEIC at p 32, [4.29].

eg, a secured loan of S$3 million from IFS Capital at the interest rate of
9.335% per annum, compared to the interest rate under the Geelong Facility of
40.2% per annum (being 3.5% per month multiplied by 12 months). 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

RH1 AEIC at p 32, [4.30].

This, in Mr Hayler’s opinion, indicated IHC’s good reputation as a borrower,
280

##### Foot Note 280

×

RH1 AEIC at p 32, [4.29].

as the interest rates charged by lenders would otherwise be higher to account
for the heightened risk of default.

(c) Mr Hayler was unable to safely conclude, based on IHC’s historical
financial data, that it would have generated cash flows that were attractive,
or at least acceptable to financiers. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

RH1 AEIC at p 32, [4.37].

He therefore relied on a number of “directional indicators” (ie,
circumstantial financial metrics) in concluding that IHC’s cash flows would
have at least been acceptable to financiers, including: 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

RH1 AEIC at p 32, [4.38] to [4.43].

(i) IHC’s revenue growth and stable gross profit margins;

(ii) what Mr Hayler assumed were value accretive decisions by IHC’s
management;

(iii) the willingness of reputable financial institutions including Westpac
and NAB to provide secured financing to IHC;

(iv) IHC’s flexibility in managing cash applied towards its investing
activities; and

(v) IHC’s ability to borrow even after its default on the Geelong Facility,
eg, in the financial year 2016 where the IHC group was able to obtain
additional net borrowings at S$10.84 million.

242 Mr Hayler’s conclusions were challenged by the Crest entities’ expert, Mr
Jonathan Ellis (“Mr Ellis”), on the following bases:

(a) The directional indicators relied on by Mr Hayler were useful but
insufficient, as they did not tell a prospective lender much about IHC’s
actual business, its ability to service the debt, its ability to repay the
principal, or what the company has to do to retain its gross revenues and
profits. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

1DCS at [278(d)].

(b) The collapse in IHC’s share price was a material factor that could have
negatively affected how prospective lenders would perceive IHC, and this could
have affected IHC’s ability to access financing from the public markets, or
increase the cost of such financing. The failure to take this into account was
conceded by Mr Hayler at trial. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

1DCS at [278(e)].

(c) A rational lender would not only look at nominal financial figures showing
the excess of the IHC group’s total assets over its total liabilities, but
also whether such assets were held in countries that were difficult to access
and whether there was joint ownership throughout the corporate structure that
would make enforcement difficult. These issues were not considered by Mr
Hayler. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

1DCS at [278(g)].

243 I agree with Mr Ellis that Mr Hayler’s “directional indicators” do not
appear to be helpful in answering the question of whether IHC would have been
capable of refinancing the outstanding liability under the Geelong Facility,
as Mr Hayler took certain liberties in analysing how potential investors would
have perceived the actions of IHC’s management. For instance, at paragraph
4.39 of his expert report, Mr Hayler stated: 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

RH1 AEIC at p 36, [4.39].

4.39 Second, in general I would not expect management acting in the best
interest of their shareholders to make investments that they do not expect to
be value accretive in an acceptable timeframe. Since all of the investments
were relatively new, it is not unreasonable to assume, absent some material
adverse change, that the company still expected them either to be additive to
cash flow or to be resold at a higher value.

[emphasis in original in bold, emphasis added in italics]

244 It seems to me that Mr Hayler assumed that potential lenders would likely
perceive any new investments made by the company to be value-accretive simply
because management would not have entered into investments which appeared non-
value-accretive. If this is correct, then potential lenders would generally
have no reason to question any of the investment decisions made by the company
simply because they are assumed to have been sound. I do not think this is a
safe assumption to make.

245 Mr Hayler also noted that IHC’s ability to “cut back on ‘Investing
activities’” showed that cash flows were reasonably well-managed. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

RH1 AEIC at p 37, [4.41].

I do not agree. Indeed, as Mr Ellis noted: 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Ellis AEIC, Expert Report at p 33, [6.61].

6.61. The willingness of management to invest in assets may be for a number of
reasons. There are circumstances where such investment is required to prepare
assets for sale or to bring development assets to maturity. In general … when
a business is capital constrained, it is helpful for management to reduce non-
critical expenditure to allow cash to be used solely for critical expenditure.

246 Thus, I found it difficult to understand how Mr Hayler could have come to
a definitive conclusion that IHC’s cash flows were “reasonably well-managed”
without considering the rationale for the reduction in investments. As such, I
do not accord this analysis much weight.

247 Nevertheless, Mr Hayler drew the court’s attention to certain facts
indicating that, at or before the time IHC defaulted on the Geelong Factor, it
would have been able to refinance the Geelong Facility. The positive cash
inflows from financing activities for the financial years 2015 and 2016 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

RH1 AEIC at p 34, [4.32].

(between S$42.7 million and S$10.8 million) showed that IHC’s financial
position at the time would have been robust enough for lenders to found a
reasonable expectation of repayment of debts at or larger than S$10 million.
Indeed, the IHC group disclosed in its 2015 annual report that, after the date
of the financial statements, it was able to refinance its Japan TMK bonds (of
S$151.2 million), 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

RH1 AEIC, p 67.

showing that the refinancer was comfortable enough with IHC’s credit risk to
extend the due date for a significant amount of debt approximately around the
first half of 2016, which was around or shortly after the Geelong Facility had
matured and after IHC’s share price had crashed following SGX’s warning on 9
September 2015. Plainly, it could not be said that IHC was incapable of
raising fresh financing to pay off the Geelong Facility on its maturity. The
refinancing of the TMK bonds, in my view, indicates that IHC would have been
able to refinance the Geelong Facility.

248 The refinancing of the Geelong Facility would have allowed IHC to avoid
incurring interest and default interest at substantial rates of 3.5% per month
and 3% per annum respectively. It would also have the added benefit of staving
off any appointment of receivers over its Australian properties arising from a
default on the Geelong Facility.

249 It seems to me that but for Mr Fan’s breach, the plaintiffs would have
been able to refinance the outstanding liabilities under the Geelong Facility
and paid it off upon maturity. The plaintiffs have established the requisite
causal link between its default on the Geelong Facility and Mr Fan’s breach.
Viewed through the lens of the Winsta ([213] supra) approach, Mr Fan has not
discharged the legal burden of proving that in any event, the losses below
would still have been sustained by the plaintiffs. I now turn to the specific
losses claimed under this category.

Post-maturity interest and default interest

250 Since IHC Medical Re would not have defaulted on the Geelong Facility but
for Mr Fan’s breach, it follows that it would not have incurred any post-
maturity interest or default interest on the Geelong Facility but for Mr Fan’s
breach. This refers to the amount charged on the outstanding principal on the
Geelong Facility of S$4,196,525 after the Geelong Facility maturity date (ie,
1 March 2016) up to 26 February 2018, ie, the date when the Crest entities
satisfied their debts (including said post-maturity interest and default
interest) out of the security provided by IHC for the Geelong Facility (being
the surplus proceeds from the sale of the Australian properties).

251 This loss is quantified as follows: 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

PCS at [334].

Item| Interest Accrued (S$)  
---|---  
Interest at 3.35% per month from 1 March 2016 to 26 February 2018 on the sum
of S$4,196,525| 3,363,964.41  
Default interest at 3% per annum from 1 March 2016 to 26 February 2018 on the
sum of S$4,196,525| 251,101.66  
Total| 3,615,066.07  
  
252 I should add that the figure of S$3,799,783 was also mentioned as the
claimed amount in the closing submissions. I believe this figure is
erroneously drawn from Ng’s AEIC, where a higher outstanding sum of
S$4,422,886 was used. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

Ng’s AEIC at [45].

I therefore find that Mr Fan is liable for the sum of S$3,615,066.07.

Costs and expenses of receivership

253 The plaintiffs argue that the appointment of the Crest Receivers and the
incurrence of all costs, fees and expenses in connection with their
receivership would have been avoided but for Mr Fan’s breach of duties. I
agree. The receivership would not have been put in place over the Charged
Shares but for IHC’s entry into the Standby Facility, the drawdowns on the
facility, the subsequent confusion that resulted from the demand for
repayment, and the eventual default on the Geelong Facility by IHC Medical Re.
Thus, the costs and expenses of such receivership, which, under IHC would be
liable for under cl 8.5 of the 17 June Deed of Charge would have been avoided
but for Mr Fan’s breach of duties.

254 The Crest entities seek to claim costs and expenses relating to the
receivership from IHC amounting to S$2,609,278.46, 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

Yet Kum Meng’s AEIC at [95].

and for the amount to be deducted from the surplus sale proceeds from the
Australian properties (which are still being held in escrow) under the terms
of the 20 October Court Order (which I have replicated in these proceedings).
Thus, the remedy sought by the plaintiffs is a declaration that the Crest
entities are not permitted to charge the plaintiffs for the costs, expenses
and fees of the receivership.

255 I note that the Crest entities and Mr Aathar are jointly and severally
liable for any loss that Mr Fan is found liable for. Having found that the
requisite causal link between Mr Fan’s breach and the costs and expenses from
the receivership has been established, I consider that the declaration of non-
liability to the Crest entities for this category of loss in favour of the
plaintiffs to be an appropriate consequential relief.

Loss of the Australian business

256 As mentioned at [51] above, the Australian properties were subject to
senior mortgages in favour of Westpac, Qualitas and NAB. Specifically, the St
Kilda properties were subject to a first ranked mortgage in favour of Westpac,
followed by a second ranked mortgage in favour of Qualitas. The Geelong
property was subject to a mortgage in favour of NAB. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

PCS at [372].

257 The plaintiffs argue that the default on the Geelong Facility led to the
Crest entities appointing the Crest Receivers over the Charged Shares on 15
April 2016, which in turn triggered events of default under the loan
agreements with the three Australian financial institutions. Each sent a
notice of default: Qualitas on 13 May 2016; NAB on 15 June 2016; and Westpac
on 20 June 2016. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

PCS at [373].

The Australian Receivers were appointed pursuant to these notices of default
and they proceeded to sell the Australian properties for a total of A$135.25m.
While the combined sale price was higher than the combined valuation of
A$114.5m as at 31 December 2015, significant costs and expenses were incurred
in the course of the receivership. Also, the Geelong property was sold at
A$10m less than the valuation of A$27.5m. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

PCS at [375].

258 The plaintiffs claim that they suffered loss from the appointment of the
Australian receivers and the forced sale of the Australian business, and that
Mr Fan should be liable for the value thereof. The quantification of this
value has been bifurcated and is accordingly left to separate proceedings. The
issue before me on this particular claim relates solely to liability, ie,
whether the plaintiffs would have lost the Australian properties but for Mr
Fan’s breach.

259 Having already found that the plaintiffs would not have defaulted on the
Geelong Facility but for Mr Fan’s breach, it follows that the Crest entities
would not have appointed the Crest Receivers in respect of that default but
for Mr Fan’s breach. Further, I agree with the plaintiffs’ contention that the
appointment of the Crest Receivers triggered events of default for the loans
extended by Westpac, Qualitas and NAB.

260 Qualitas’ notice of default dated 13 May 2016 stated: 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

PB, Vol. 1 (“1PB”) at p 162.

…

(c) Based on the 3 May Announcement and 6 May Announcement, it seems that one
or more Events of Default may have occurred under the Facility Agreement.
These include:

(i) The appointment of a receiver to any or all of IHC’s assets or
undertakings. This constitutes an Insolvency Event. The occurrence of an
Insolvency Event in relation to IHC (which is a Guarantor and Obligor under
the Facility Agreement) would constitute an Event of Default under clause
14.1(h);

(ii) The failure to pay debt by IHC totalling at least $250,000 or its
equivalent when due also constitutes an Event of Default under clause 14.1(e);
and

(iii) The corresponding enforcement of security over the assets of IHC in
respect of a debt of at least $250,000 also constitutes an Event of Default
under clause 14.1(i).

261 Westpac’s notice of default dated 20 June 2016 stated: 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

1PB at p 177.

Events of Default

Events of Default have occurred pursuant to clause 10.1 of the Facility
Agreement …

It is an Event of Default pursuant to clause 10.1(m) if:

(1) a Controller is appointed, or any steps are taken to appoint a Controller;
or

(2) a resolution to appoint a Controller is passed, or any steps are taken to
pass a resolution to appoint a Controller,

to an Obligor, the Manager or over an asset of an Obligor or the Manager;

Westpac understands that a receiver has been appointed over the entire issued
share capital of the Manager (which is owned by IHC, an Obligor) and
accordingly, an Event of Default has occurred pursuant to this clause. …

[emphasis in original]

262 NAB’s notice of default dated 15 June 2016 stated 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

3AB at p 1041.

:

1\. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Events of default have occurred under the Facility Agreement as follows:

1.1 Pursuant to clause 10.1(c) of the Facility Agreement, the Borrower has
failed to perform the following undertakings or obligations (which failures
are not remediable in the reasonable opinion of the Lender):

...

(c) Change in Control

Pursuant to clause 10.1(k), it is an Event of Default if a Change in Control
occurs without the prior written consent of the Lender. A Change in Control
occurred with respect to IHC Medical RE Pte Ltd in that by reason of the
appointment of receivers to the entire issued share capital of IHC Medical RE
Pte Ltd on 26 April 2016, IHC ceased to have the power to:

(i) cast or control the casting of, more than 50% of the maximum number of
votes that might be cast at a general meeting of holders of Marketable
Securities in IHC Medical RE Pte Ltd;

(ii) appoint or remove all, or the majority of the directors or other
equivalent officers of IHC Medical RE Pte Ltd; or

(iii) ‘control’ IHC Medical RE Pte Ltd within the meaning of section 50AA of
the Corporations Act

This Change in Control has occurred without the prior written consent of the
Lender.

[emphasis in original]

263 The three notices make clear that IHC Medical Re’s default on the Geelong
Facility and/or the appointment of the Crest Receivers triggered the
appointment of the Australian Receivers. These events would not have occurred
but for Mr Fan’s breach.

264 In his evidence, however, Mr Fan stated that as far back as 14 August
2015, IHC intended to sell the Australian business. For strategic reasons, the
board of directors had earmarked the Australian properties for divesting. He
explained as follows: 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

Fan’s AEIC at [6.6]-[6.7].

… The Board of Directors of the 1st Plaintiff was implementing the strategic
plan for the next 5 years through expanding its presence in China and Japan,
reducing the group gearing, divesting the Malaysian and Australian assets. The
plan was expected to expand the EBITDA …

According to him, the sale strategy was actively pursued, and eventually, IHC
profited from the sale of the Australian properties. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Fan’s AEIC at [6.12].

265 Similarly, the Crest entities argue that for strategic reasons, IHC had
planned to exit the Australian market in as early as 2015, before the default
on the Geelong Facility. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

1DRS at [166].

In support of this, they rely on the evidence of Mr Fan and Ms Lim. In cross-
examination, Ms Lim agreed with Mr Fan’s evidence set out above, and agreed
with the Crest entities that even if the Crest entities did not appoint the
Crest Receivers over the Charged Shares, IHC would have gone ahead and
disposed of the Australian properties. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

NE, 22 August 2019, p 68 line 16 to p 70 line 8.

266 While the evidence goes some way in showing that IHC had considered the
possibility of selling off the Australian properties, and had made exploratory
efforts in obtaining potential offers for them, it did not go far enough in
showing that IHC would, on a balance of probabilities, have disposed of the
Australian properties. Strategic plans, unless committed to, are subject to
changes. More importantly, a planned sale of the Australian properties is
quite a different matter from a forced sale under receivership. I do not think
there is sufficient evidence to displace the causal link between Mr Fan’s
breach, the appointment of the Crest Receivers and the appointment of the
Australian Receivers which led to the forced sale of the Australian
properties.

267 In the alternative, the Crest entities argue that the Australian Receivers
would have been appointed in any case because IHC had already defaulted on its
loan covenants with Westpac, Qualitas and NAB. Again, the Crest entities
sought to rely on Ms Lim’s evidence as follows: 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

NE, 22 August 2019, p 70 lines 9 to 19.

Q. And you also agree … that there were already defaults under the financing
facilities for the Australian assets.

A. I need to clarify, ‘defaults’ meaning payment defaults?

Q. In particular, covenant defaults which the Australian banks and financiers
were asking the company to rectify.

A. I am not very sure of that now. I need to refer to documents.

[emphasis added]

268 However, I do not find that Ms Lim’s evidence supports their argument. In
addition, Ms Lim was shown an “indicative term sheet” issued by NAB on 8
August 2016 to restructure the loans owed to it. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

Agreed Bundle, Vol. 8 (“8AB”) at p 4089 to 4090.

The Crest entities suggest that this document showed that sales of all three
Australian properties were contemplated by IHC. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

1DRS at 167.

It is also the Crest entities’ case that this document showed that the
Australian properties would have been sold even if the Crest entities had not
appointed the Crest Receivers over the Charged Shares. Ms Lim responded as
follows: 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

NE, 22 August 2019, p 74 lines 4 to 21.

Q. So just to sum up, and we can quickly move on from this point, the NAB term
sheet was really an extension of the facility which contemplated the disposal
of IHC’s entire Australian portfolio of properties?

A. If I have to be precise, it is really to allow the Geelong property to be
sold under non-fire sale condition.

Q. But it also contemplated the sale of the St Kilda properties to reduce the
loan to value ratio?

A. It take into account that if there was the sale of St Kilda, then the
proceeds must partly be applied here, or be paid off to them.

Q. And they were aware of a potential sale of the St Kilda properties because
IHC had informed them, had informed NAB that the St Kilda properties were
going to be sold and there was a ready buyer. Is that correct?

A. I believe that is correct.

269 In my view, all that can be said from Ms Lim’s evidence is that, firstly,
the indicative draft term sheet for the restructuring of the NAB loan
contemplated a possible sale of the Geelong property. The sale of the St Kilda
properties was merely incidental to, and not a condition of the restructuring.

270 Secondly, the Crest entities’ appointment of the Crest Receivers (on 15
April 2016 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

3ACB at p 1827.

) pre-dated the issuance of the indicative term sheet (on 8 August 2016).
Indeed, the indicative term sheet was issued at least a month after the
notices of default in respect of the appointment of the Crest Receivers had
been issued by Westpac, Qualitas and NAB. The indicative term sheet was likely
intended to stave off the forced sale of the Geelong property. This also
applies to the contemplated sale of the St Kilda properties. There is nothing
in the indicative term sheet that leads me to conclude that the forced sale of
the Australian properties was independent of the default on the Geelong
Facility.

271 I accordingly find that the Australian properties would not have been sold
but for Mr Fan’s breach. Mr Fan is therefore liable for the losses suffered in
respect of the loss of the Australian properties, with the quantum of damages
to be determined separately.

Losses connected to the 20 October Court Order

272 There are two losses connected to the 20 October Court Order made in Suit
856 as follows:

(a) Cost of the banker’s guarantee. Pursuant to the 20 October Court Order, on
3 December 2018, the Crest entities procured a banker’s guarantee in favour of
IHC to secure the deposit of the surplus proceeds from the sale of the
Australian properties to the extent of the principal amount of the disputed
Standby Facility and the disputed amount under the Geelong Facility, together
with interest accrued thereon up to the determination of the present suit, in
addition to all costs, fees, and expenses incurred by Crest in respect of or
in connection with the receivership. The banker’s guarantee was for the sum of
A$16,149,065.48, 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

PCS at [402]; 2PB at p 756.

and the commission paid to obtain this amounted to A$423,912.97 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

PCS at [402]; 2PB at p 756.

This amounted to S$394,230.03 at an exchange rate of S$0.93 to A$1. Under the
20 October Court Order, this commission was to be borne by IHC.

(b) Interest, default interest and exchange rate difference. Under the terms
of the 20 October Court Order, the Crest entities were to apply the surplus
sale proceeds of the Australian properties towards the undisputed portions of
the Geelong Facility. The Crest entities received the proceeds on 26 February
2018. However, they continued to charge interest and default interest on the
undisputed portion of the Geelong Facility up to July 2018 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

PCS at [343]; 2PB at p 763.

and sought to retain this amount out of the sale proceeds. 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

2PB at p 763.

Together with the exchange rate difference, the amount totalled
S$1,930,423.60. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

PCS at [356]; sum of S$1,463,166.94 and S$467,256.66.

273 As a starting point, I agree with the plaintiffs that the “but for”
presumption is not rebutted. Mr Fan’s breach of fiduciary duties led to the
entry into and drawdown on the Standby Facility, which led to the default on
the Geelong Facility, and which then led to the disputes over the Standby
Facility and the Geelong Facility. If not for Mr Fan’s breach, the plaintiffs
would not incur the losses. To put it another way, it does not seem to me that
such losses would have been sustained by IHC even if Mr Fan had not breached
his fiduciary duties.

274 However, I am troubled by the circumstances under which Suit 856 was
brought and the 20 October 2016 Court Order was made (which I shall reiterate
below at [293]). Further, two other points made by the plaintiffs were of
concern. First, in relation to the costs for the banker’s guarantee, the
plaintiffs submit that after I had declared the Standby Facility void at first
instance in OS380, on 1 August 2018, IHC had written to the Crest entities to
request the release of about S$9m from the surplus sale proceeds to IHC. This
was because the plaintiffs took the view that since the Standby Facility had
been declared void, there was no necessity for any sums to be held on escrow
under the 20 October Court Order to meet any purported liabilities under the
Standby Facility. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

PCS at [404].

However, the Crest entities did not agree to this, and proceeded to obtain the
bankers’ guarantee for the full sum of A$16,149,065.48 anyway. Mr Ng’s
evidence was that this meant that a sum of S$168,419.67 was unnecessarily
incurred from 28 November 2018 to 20 May 2020. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Ng’s AEIC at [65]-[66].

This was revised down to S$145,545.93 in the closing submissions. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

PCS at [405].

275 Second, for the interest, default interest and exchange rate difference,
the plaintiffs point out that the Crest entities did not have any good reason
for the delay in paying the surplus proceeds towards the undisputed portion of
the Geelong Facility. The Crest entities claim that the delay was because IHC
had only accepted their position on the sum payable by letter on 1 August
2018. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

2PB at p 763.

However, there was nothing in this letter that suggested that IHC had ever
accepted that the Crest entities were entitled to charge interest on the
undisputed portion up to July 2018.

276 In relation to these losses, as stated at [215] above, I invited further
submissions from the parties on the question of whether limiting doctrines,
especially intervening causes, apply to equitable compensation. In doing so, I
was mindful that Mr Fan was not represented, and did not file a defence.
Indeed, this matter was not raised by any party. However, it seemed to me that
the conduct of IHC and the Crest entities (the evidence of which was clearly
placed before me by the plaintiffs) should not be ignored in considering at
whose feet liability for such losses should lie. Therefore, I sought the
further views of the parties whether Mr Fan should be liable for these losses.
Apart from the plaintiffs and the Crest entities, the trustees of the estate
of Mr Fan (represented by PK Wong & Nair LLC for this purpose) provided
further submissions.

Applicability of intervening causes to equitable compensation

277 In Winsta ([213] supra), the Court of Appeal observed that whether other
common law limiting doctrines apart from causation, such as remoteness,
foreseeability, intervening causes, contributory responsibility and mitigation
ought to apply to a claim for equitable compensation had not been argued by
the parties in that case (at [127]). The Court of Appeal did not determine the
issue but observed that there is conflicting case law on this point.

278 Indeed, on the one hand, there is a strand of authority that advocates a
strict approach to liability for equitable compensation. Under this strict
approach, common law limiting factors will not allow a defaulting fiduciary to
escape liability for loss which is causally linked to his breach. Another
strand of authority, however, appears to endorse a more flexible approach to
the issue.

279 The strict approach is justified by the need to deter breaches of
fiduciary duty. In Bank of New Zealand v New Zealand Guardian Trust Co Ltd
[2000] 2 LRC 357 at 384, Tipping J said:

In the second kind of case, the trustee or other fiduciary has committed a
breach of duty which involves an element of infidelity or disloyalty engaging
the fiduciary’s conscience – what might be called a true breach of fiduciary
duty … [I]n such a case once the plaintiff has shown a loss arising out of a
transaction to which the breach was material, the plaintiff is entitled to
recover unless the defendant fiduciary, upon whom is the onus, shows that the
loss or damage would have occurred in any event, ie without any breach on the
fiduciary’s part. Questions of foreseeability and remoteness do not arise in
this kind of case either. Policy dictates that fiduciaries be allowed only a
narrow escape route from liability based on proof that the loss or damage
would have occurred even if there had been no breach.

[emphasis added]

280 Unlike the strict approach, the flexible approach does not foreclose the
applicability of the common law limiting doctrines if necessary to reach a
just and fair result. In Canson Enterprises Ltd v Boughton & Co [1991] 3 SCR
534 (“Canson Enterprises”), the plaintiff (the appellant) purchased land for
development, thinking that it was purchasing the land from an original vendor.
In fact, the seller was an intermediary who purchased the land from the
original vendor and on-sold the land to the plaintiff at a substantial mark-
up. The defendant was the plaintiff’s solicitor, who also acted for the
seller. The defendant failed to disclose the fact that the seller was an
intermediary to the plaintiff. It was agreed that the plaintiff would not have
purchased the land had the defendant informed it that the seller was an
intermediary. The plaintiff then proceeded to develop the land, hiring
contractors to construct a warehouse on it. However, the piles supporting the
warehouse began to sink, causing the plaintiff to incur substantial losses.
The plaintiff sued the contractors for breach of contract but failed to
recover the full extent of its losses as the contractors were not able to pay.
The plaintiff then attempted to recover the shortfall from the defendant,
alleging breach of its fiduciary duties. The Supreme Court of Canada
unanimously held that the defendant was not liable for the loss, but differed
as to the reasoning.

281 The plaintiff based its case on the argument that the concepts of
remoteness, intervening cause and foreseeability had no relevance to an action
for equitable compensation for breach of a fiduciary duty, and that the
defaulting fiduciary was liable to put the aggrieved principal in as good a
position as he or she would have been in had the breach not occurred (at
[49]). Accordingly, the solicitor was liable for the construction losses, as
the shoddy construction work on the land would not have occurred but for the
solicitor’s breach of his fiduciary duties causing the plaintiff to purchase
said land in the first place. The majority (comprising of La Forest J, with
whom Sopinka, Gonthier and Cory JJ agreed) disagreed. They took the view that
“it would be wholly inappropriate to interpret equitable doctrines so
technically as to displace common law rules that achieve substantial justice
in areas of common concern, thereby leading to harsh and inequitable results”
(emphasis added) (at [87]). Thus, equity could draw from the common law where
it was just and reasonable to do so (at [85]).

282 It appears that the majority considered the construction loss to have been
more properly attributable to the shoddy work of the construction company,
which was an intervening cause unrelated to the solicitor’s breach of
fiduciary duty (at [32]). Certainly, that was how La Forest J himself
understood it in his later Supreme Court of Canada majority decision,
Hodgkinson v Simms [1994] 3 SCR 377 (“Hodgkinson”), which reaffirmed the
majority decision in Canson Enterprises (see Hodgkinson at [80] – [81]).

283 McLachlin J (as she then was) concurred with the result reached by the
majority in Canson Enterprises. She appeared to observe that an analogy with
tort law ought not to be readily drawn in the context of a breach of fiduciary
duty, owing to differences in policy undergirding tort and breaches of
fiduciary duty: at [7]. Even then, however, she did not think that defaulting
fiduciaries should be responsible for all the consequences associated with
their breach of duty without limitation. She took the view that the
construction loss claimed by the plaintiff in this case was caused by the
contractors, and not the defendant. At [29] – [30], she said:

… The construction loss was caused by third parties. There is no link between
the breach of fiduciary duty and this loss. The solicitor’s duty had come to
an end and the plaintiffs had assumed control of the property. This loss was
the result, not of the solicitor’s breach of duty, but of decisions made by
the plaintiffs and those they chose to hire. …

This result accords with common sense and policy. If fiduciaries on land
transactions who breach their fiduciary duty were responsible not only for
losses flowing from the fiduciary breach but for all wrongful acts associated
with the property thereafter which cause loss to the plaintiff, they would not
only be deterred from breach of duty, but rendered impotent … If such a result
were necessary to protect innocent purchasers or deter misconduct, perhaps a
case could be made for it. But it is not necessary as a policy of the law. The
law gives a plaintiff other remedies. It is fairer that losses arising from
construction on the property after the purchase be borne by those who assume
responsibility for the construction rather than by the solicitor who acted in
the purchase transaction. …

[emphasis added]

284 While McLachlin J did not use the language of intervening causes, it
appears to me that the operation of the doctrine would be in line with her
decision. There is no doubt that factual causation could be established
between the breach of the defendant’s fiduciary duties (which caused the
plaintiff to purchase the land) and the loss suffered by the plaintiff in
respect of construction work on the land. The reason why the defendant was not
found liable was because the loss was more fairly attributed to another cause
(ie, the shoddy construction work of the contractors), which broke the chain
of factual causation between the defendant’s breach of duties and the loss.

285 It seems to me that under the flexible approach, the applicability of
common law limiting doctrines to a claim for equitable compensation is
qualified but not prohibited if needed to reach a just and fair result. Policy
considerations, such as deterrence, could be considered in determining what a
just and fair result should be. I observe that this approach is consistent
with Winsta ([213] supra). Indeed, the Court of Appeal appeared to favour a
balanced approach whereby all the relevant rules and principles of common law
and equity were allocated an appropriate “legal space” and utilized as and
when appropriate in order to achieve a just and fair result in the case at
hand (at [96]). For this reason, the Court of Appeal refrained from endorsing
a strict interpretation of the rule in Brickenden v London Loan & Savings Co
et al [1934] 3 DLR 465 (under which the proof of causation in the context of
equitable compensation would be irrelevant: see [238]), in favour of a burden-
shifting approach (which balanced the need to deter fiduciary breaches against
the need for fairness by shifting the burden of disproving causation on the
defaulting fiduciary: see [240] and [244]). This appears to point towards the
desirability of adopting a flexible and balanced, rather than a strict,
approach to the question of whether the common law limiting doctrines ought to
apply in equity.

286 That being said, under the balanced approach, both deterrence and fairness
must be given due regard. The Court of Appeal in Winsta underscored the
importance of deterring breaches of fiduciary duties in the following terms at
[246] – [247]:

… the starting point in equity is the trust and confidence reposed in the
wrongdoing fiduciary by the innocent principal. The relationship between the
wrongdoing fiduciary and the innocent principal is not one where both occupy
equal footing, but rather one of dependence by the principal on the fiduciary.
The principal relies on the fiduciary to act in his or her best interests, and
is especially vulnerable to the fiduciary’s breach of duty. Indeed, the High
Court in Kumagai-Zenecon (HC) … has observed that a fiduciary owes his or her
principal ‘the highest standard [of duty] known to the law’ …

In attempting to ensure that fiduciaries do not abuse the power given to them,
and also to ensure that fiduciaries are not tempted or distracted from acting
in the best interests of their principals, fiduciary law has always embodied
elements of deterrence and prophylaxis … Equity intervenes not so much to
recoup a loss suffered by a plaintiff as to hold the fiduciary to and
vindicate the high duty owed to the plaintiff. …

[emphasis added]

287 The question is how deterrence can be accommodated within a more
permissive approach allowing fiduciaries to escape liability for breach of
their fiduciary obligations by invoking the common law limiting doctrine of
intervening causes, while ensuring a just and fair outcome for each case. One
approach is to consider whether it is necessary to serve the cause of
deterrence by refusing to recognise the intervening cause of the loss in
question. If not, there is legal space, in my view, to accord to the operation
of the doctrine of intervening causes.

288 McLachlin J’s reasoning in Canson Enterprises ([280] supra) is
illustrative. She considered it fairer that losses arising from construction
on the property (the purchase of which was caused by the defendant solicitor’s
breach of fiduciary duty) be borne by those who assume responsibility for the
construction rather than the defendant solicitor because, “[w]here
construction is concerned, it is their negligent conduct – not the solicitor’s
– which the law should seek to deter” (at [30]). She did not think that
imposing liability on the solicitor was necessary to deter the misconduct in
question.

289 Canson Enterprises can be contrasted with Hodgkinson ([282] supra). In the
latter case, the plaintiff was a stockbroker who was inexperienced in tax
planning. He hired the defendant, an accountant, to advise him on minimizing
his exposure to income tax while acquiring stable long-term investments. The
relationship between the parties was such that the plaintiff did not ask many
questions regarding the investment advice given by the defendant. The
defendant advised him to make substantial investments in certain Multi-Unit
Residential Buildings (“MURBs”). Unknown to the plaintiff, however, the
defendant was under a financial arrangement with the developers of the MURBs,
whereby the fees he reaped from them would increase the more units in the
MURBs he sold to his clients. Eventually, the real estate market crashed and
the plaintiff’s investments lost virtually all their value. The plaintiff sued
the defendant for the loss, alleging breach of fiduciary duty on the
defendant’s part.

290 The majority in Hodgkinson found that the defendant had indeed breached
his fiduciary duty to the plaintiff and was liable for the loss claimed by the
plaintiff, even though, strictly speaking, it was the crash in the real estate
market that directly occasioned the plaintiff’s loss. They distinguished
Canson Enterprises on the grounds that, in Hodgkinson, the duty breached by
the defendant was directly related to the risk (of adverse market movements in
the real estate market) that materialised and which in fact caused the
plaintiff’s loss. The defendant had been retained specifically to recommend
suitable investments for the plaintiff and could choose which risks the
plaintiff would be exposed to. In Canson Enterprises, on the other hand, the
defendant solicitor did not exercise any control over the risks that
eventually materialized into a loss for the plaintiff (Hodgkinson at [82]).
The majority also noted the need to (at [93]):

… [P]ut special pressure on those in positions of trust and power over others
in situations of vulnerability … Likeminded fiduciaries in the position of the
respondent would not be deterred from abusing their power by a remedy that
simply requires them, if discovered, to disgorge their secret profit, with the
beneficiary bearing all the market risk. If anything, this would encourage
people in his position to in effect gamble with other people’s money, knowing
that if they are discovered they will be no worse off than when they started…

291 In other words, the cause of deterrence would be served by disregarding
the supervening cause of the plaintiff’s loss and holding the defaulting
fiduciary liable for the same, because the duty breached by the defendant was
directly related to the risk that materialised which caused the loss. Indeed,
the defendant introduced the risk which caused the plaintiff’s loss in the
first place.

292 In my view, the principles set out at [287] and [291] would be sufficient
to dispose of the issues in the present case, and I do not say anything
further on whether a just and fair outcome would be achieved in cases where
the various other common law limiting doctrines were to be disregarded
entirely or applied in attenuated form in the interests of deterrence. I now
apply these principles to the losses claimed.

Application to the facts

293 Turning to the facts, it bears reminding that on 8 August 2016, the Crest
entities brought Suit 856 in respect of an alleged attempt by IHC’s then
management to transfer IHC Medical Re’s sole unit in the company holding the
Australian business away to another subsidiary so as to deprive the Crest
entities of the value of their security under the Geelong Facility. On the
same day, the Crest entities obtained injunctive relief to prevent IHC from
interfering in the Crest entities’ security. I should add that the purported
transfer took place on 28 April 2016 – the day that the present proceedings
were commenced by IHC. On 16 August 2016, the asset was transferred back to
IHC Medical Re. Then, on 17 August 2016, IHC applied to set aside the
injunction. Arising from that application, the 20 October Court Order was made
in relation to the sale proceeds of the Australian properties. The commission
for the banker’s guarantee was ordered to be paid by IHC.

294 In my view, the need for the banker’s guarantee was directly and primarily
attributable to the plaintiffs’ own conduct in attempting to prevent the Crest
entities from realising their security under the Geelong Facility by putting
the assets of IHC Medical Re out of their reach. That was an intervening act
which broke the causal link between Mr Fan’s breach and the loss, ie, the cost
of the banker’s guarantee. Mr Fan’s breach of fiduciary duty (which concerned
IHC’s entry into the Standby Facility) could not be said to be related to, or
to have introduced the risk of the plaintiffs’ own conduct in this regard
(which concerned how the plaintiffs dealt with the security under the Geelong
Facility). The cause of deterrence would be adequately served without
disregarding the intervening cause for the loss and holding Mr Fan liable for
the same. I also note the plaintiffs’ position that the Crest entities have
incurred unnecessary expenses of S$145,545.93 by obtaining the banker’s
guarantee for the full amount: see [274] above. This appeared to be yet
another supervening event (albeit for a portion of the loss). Holding Mr Fan
liable may have the opposite effect, as it would encourage additional
wrongdoing and unreasonable conduct by other parties as long as there is a
defaulting fiduciary who could be held responsible for any loss.

295 The same reasoning applies to the interest, default interest and exchange
rate difference. Even by the plaintiffs’ own case, the loss was directly
caused by the Crest entities’ unjustified charging of interest and default
interest on the undisputed portion of the Geelong Facility up to July 2018,
when they had the means to satisfy that debt when they received the surplus
sale proceeds of the Australian properties on 26 February 2018. Again, there
is no basis for me to conclude that Mr Fan’s breach of fiduciary duty was
related to this risk of the Crest entities’ unjustified conduct. There is
nothing to suggest that the cause of deterrence would not be served unless Mr
Fan is held liable for this loss by ignoring its intervening cause. I note,
however, that the Crest entities dispute that they were at fault, and allege
that IHC was the party to cause the delay. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

The Crest entities’ further submissions on intervening causes dated 22 June
2020 (“1DFS”) at [33] to [42].

296 I therefore do not find Mr Fan liable for the interest, default interest
and exchange rate difference, or for the cost of the banker’s guarantee.

Conclusion

297 To summarise, I find that Mr Fan is liable for the following:

(a) in respect of the Standby Facility:

(i) the sum of S$4,538,800, being payments towards the Standby Facility;

(ii) the sum of S$4,440,780.77 for loss of use of payments under the Standby
Facility;

(b) in respect of the default of the Geelong Facility:

(i) the sum of S$3,615,066.07, as post-maturity interest and default interest;
and

(ii) loss of IHC’s Australian business, the quantification of which will be
determined in separate proceedings.

298 While I find Mr Fan liable for the costs and expenses from the
receivership, a declaration of non-liability to the Crest entities in favour
of the plaintiffs is the more appropriate consequential relief.

Accessory liability for dishonest assistance

299 From the legal principles discussed at [217] above, it follows that the
Crest entities and Mr Aathar, as dishonest accessories to Mr Fan’s breach, are
jointly and severally liable for the losses that would not have been suffered
by the plaintiffs but for Mr Fan’s breach. For completeness, I should add that
in his evidence, Mr Aathar did not challenge the amounts claimed by the
plaintiffs.

Liability for unlawful means conspiracy

300 The extent of the liability of the Crest entities, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar
for the tort of unlawful means conspiracy is only in issue to the extent that
it covers additional losses for which they have not already been found jointly
and severally liable, ie, the losses connected with the 20 October Court
Order. The question is whether these losses were caused by the Crest entities,
Mr Fan and Mr Aathar conspiring to cause IHC to enter into and incur
substantial liabilities under the Standby Facility. In my view, the plaintiffs
have not proven that the losses are caused by the unlawful means conspiracy.
In any event, these losses are directly linked to the parties’ conduct in the
course of the dispute over the Geelong Facility. Thus, I do not think that
this is the rightful basis to claim for the losses against the Crest entities,
Mr Fan and Mr Aathar.

Ms Lim’s liability for breach of her duty of skill and care

Payments towards the Standby Facility

301 I have set out the applicable legal principles above at [216] onwards. In
my view, it was entirely foreseeable that upon entry into the Standby
Facility, IHC would make payments towards it (which it should not have been
liable for). Accordingly, this type of loss was foreseeable and not remote:
Fong Maun Yee v Yoong Weng Ho Robert [1997] 1 SLR(R) 751 at [57] (in the
context of the tort of negligence, which is closely related to the breach of a
duty of skill and care in this case). The requirement of causation is also, in
my view, made out. If Ms Lim had exercised due skill, care and diligence in
recognising that the Standby Facility had been drawn down even before IHC had
formally entered into it, and made further inquiries, she would have been
alive to the risk that the Standby Facility was drawn down in an irregular
manner. Having known this, it was incumbent on her to exercise due skill, care
and diligence in escalating the matter to the IHC board of directors, and if
she had done so, it is unlikely that approval would have been given. Mr Siew,
who cast the deciding vote, did so only on the basis that the Standby Facility
was essential for IHC’s operations. In other words, IHC would not have entered
into the Standby Facility, and would not have been held liable for any sum
arising under the Standby Facility.

302 I accordingly find that Ms Lim is jointly and severally liable (together
with the Crest entities, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar) for the sum of S$4,538,800.

Loss of use of payments towards the Standby Facility

303 I do not think that the interest which accrued on the Geelong Facility as
a result of the application of the payments totalling S$4,538,800 towards the
Standby Facility would be a foreseeable consequence of Ms Lim’s negligent
failure to identify the true nature of the Standby Facility. Specifically, Ms
Lim could not have foreseen that this would have led to a failure to pay the
same amounts towards the Geelong Facility. Since Ms Lim’s knowledge of such
consequences is not proved, I do not find her liable for this loss.

Losses in default of the Geelong Facility

304 I am also unable to agree that the default on the Geelong Facility was a
foreseeable consequence of Ms Lim’s breach. The default was attributable to a
combination of factors. A major factor was the confusion caused by the Crest
entities’ application of the sum of S$3,883,950 towards the Standby Facility
instead of the Geelong Facility. This was not foreseeable by Ms Lim. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

3ACB at pp 1815 to 1818.

I therefore do not find Ms Lim liable for any of the losses sustained by IHC’s
default on the Geelong Facility.

Losses connected to the 20 October Court Order

305 Finally, I am also unable to find Ms Lim liable for the losses connected
to the 20 October Court Order. As I observed at [300], these were the result
of the conduct of IHC and the Crest entities, and cannot be said to have been
foreseeable by Ms Lim. With that, I proceed to consider whether Ms Lim is
entitled to an indemnity for the losses for which I have found her liable.

Ms Lim’s counterclaim

Article 153 of the articles of association

306 In the main, Ms Lim’s counterclaim against IHC is for an indemnity
pursuant to Art 153 of IHC’s Articles of Association, which reads: 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

1AB at p 446.

Indemnity

153\. Subject to the provisions of and so far as may be permitted by the
Statutes, every Director, Auditor, Secretary or other officer of the Company
shall be entitled to be indemnified by the Company against all costs, charges,
losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by him in the execution and
discharge of his duties or in relation thereto including any liability by him
in defending any proceedings, civil or criminal, which relate to anything done
or omitted or alleged to have been done or omitted by him as an officer or
employee of the Company and in which judgment is given in his favour (or the
proceedings otherwise disposed of without any finding or admission of any
material breach of duty on his part) or in which he is acquitted or in
connection with any application under any statute for relief from liability in
respect of any such act or omission in which relief is granted to him by the
court. …

[emphasis added]

307 Plainly, even if Ms Lim fell within the ambit of Article 153, it cannot
assist her in her claim for an indemnity in any way. In order to be
indemnified for any liability attaching to her in respect of civil
proceedings, judgment must have been given in Ms Lim’s favour, or the
proceedings otherwise disposed of without any finding or admission of any
material breach of duty on her part. This is not the case here, as I have
found that Ms Lim was in breach of her duty of due skill, care and diligence.
She, therefore, cannot not avail herself of the indemnity under Art 153.

Implied indemnity

308 Alternatively, Ms Lim seeks an implied indemnity under the terms of her
employment contract.

309 In Loh Siok Wah v American International Assurance Co Ltd [1998] 2 SLR(R)
245 at [29]–[34], Chan Seng Onn JC (as he then was) modified the test for
implication of contractual terms laid down by the Privy Council in BP Refinery
(Westernport) Pty Ltd v Shire of Hastings (1978) 52 AJLR 20. Under Chan JC’s
modified test, for a term to be implied, the following conditions must be
fulfilled:

(a) the term must be reasonable and equitable;

(b) it must be necessary to give business efficacy to the contract, or it must
have been so plain and obvious to the parties that “it goes without saying”;

(c) it must be capable of clear expression; and

(d) it must not contradict any express term of the contract.

310 Relying on the above, Ms Lim argues that the following terms should be
implied into the contract:

(a) that Ms Lim would obey and co-operate with IHC to carry out all lawful and
reasonable directions given by IHC; and

(b) that IHC would not cause Ms Lim to carry out any order, instruction or
direction other than lawful or reasonable ones.

311 On the basis that such terms could be implied into Ms Lim’s employment
contract, Ms Lim then argues that she had merely acted on the instructions of
Mr Chia or Dr Jong in relation to the Standby Facility, hence complying with
the first implied term. IHC had, in instructing her to assist in preparing the
documentation for what turned out to be an illegal arrangement, breached the
second implied term. Ms Lim then made a leap of logic by asserting that this
somehow entitled her to an implied indemnity from IHC in respect of any and
all liability she might incur as a result of her compliance with such
instructions.

312 However, as I have found, Ms Lim’s liability rested on her failure to
exercise due skill, care and diligence in not recognising that the Standby
Facility had been drawn down irregularly and thus failing to escalate the
matter to the board of directors. It was not good enough for her to claim that
she had acted under instructions. In any event, I do not think that an
indemnity in respect of such negligent breaches of duty can be implied into
the terms of Ms Lim’s employment with IHC. It is eminently reasonable, indeed
desirable, for a company to expect their officers or employees to act with due
skill, care and diligence.

Conclusion

313 For completeness, I note that in the closing and reply submissions, Ms Lim
makes no mention of her other pleaded counterclaim. Based on s 391(1) and s
391(3) read with s 76A(13) of the Companies Act, Ms Lim seeks to be excused
for her negligence as she acted reasonably having regard to all the
circumstances of the case. Given there are no arguments on this, I take it
that she has implicitly abandoned the claim. In any event, it is devoid of
merit. Based on my findings, she did not act reasonably in dealing with the
Standby Facility. Accordingly, I dismiss the counterclaim.

The Crest entities’ counterclaims

Unjust enrichment

314 The Crest entities counterclaim against IHC for the amount drawn down by
IHC under the Standby Facility, amounting to S$17,332,081.15, on the ground
that IHC had been unjustly enriched. They argue that the four elements of an
unjust enrichment claim, as set out in MSP4AGE Asia Pte Ltd and another v MSP
Global Pte Ltd and others [2019] 3 SLR 1348 at [139], are satisfied on the
facts because: (1) IHC had been enriched; (2) at the expense of the Crest
entities; (3) the circumstances made the enrichment unjust; and (4) that there
are no defences. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

1DCS at [328].

315 IHC briefly argues that the first three elements had not been made out.
322

##### Foot Note 322

×

PCS at [419]-[427].

I am inclined to agree with IHC that on the unique facts of this case, IHC had
not been enriched at all. The outcome of The Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra)
is that the Standby Facility investors are the legal and beneficial owners of
the 59,304,800 IHC shares which they bought and held using the sum of
S$17,332,081.15 drawn down from the Standby Facility. On this basis alone, I
am of the view that the claim fails. However, the parties’ focus was on the
defence premised on illegality and public policy, and I turn to the question
whether the court should allow the unjust enrichment claim brought to recover
monies paid pursuant to the illegal Standby Facility.

The defence of illegality and public policy

316 In Ochroid Trading Ltd and another v Chua Siok Lui [2018] 1 SLR 363
(“Ochroid”) at [132], the Court of Appeal stated categorically and
emphatically that under Singapore law, “there could be no recovery whatsoever
pursuant to the illegal contract” (emphasis in original). However, restitution
of sums paid under the illegal contract on the grounds of unjust enrichment
could be permitted provided that the ordinary requirements of unjust
enrichment could be made out notwithstanding the illegality of the underlying
contract, and subject to the defence of illegality and public policy: at
[139].

317 The Court of Appeal grounded the defence of illegality and public policy
on the concept of stultification. Citing Professor Peter Birks in Peter Birks,
“Recovering Value Transferred Under an Illegal Contract” (2000) 1 Theoretical
Inquiries in Law 155 (“Birks”) at 160, the Court of Appeal explained that
“[t]o stultify” is to “make nonsense of”. An unjust enrichment claim should
not “make nonsense of the law’s condemnation of the illegal contract in
question and of its refusal to enforce the illegal contract”. Therefore, a
claim in unjust enrichment is precluded if to do so would undermine the
fundamental policy that rendered the underlying contract void and
unenforceable in the first place: at [147]–[148].

318 In this connection, the Court of Appeal endorsed (at [158]) Professor
Birks’ identification of two relevant factors which the court would take into
account to determine whether allowing such recovery would stultify the policy
that rendered the underlying agreement illegal. Firstly, allowing such
recovery might provide a lever which future claimants in similar cases can use
for the purpose of getting the other to perform the contract (the “lever
argument”). Secondly, this might also stretch out a safety-net below all those
minded either to engage in similar illegality or to abstain from diligently
inquiring whether their proposed course of conduct would run afoul of the
statutory provision or rule of law rendering the transaction illegal (the
“safety-net argument”): see Birks at 162.

Application to the facts

319 As highlighted by the plaintiffs, in The Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra)
at [53], the Court of Appeal explained that the rationale for the statutory
prohibition within s 76 of the Companies Act comprises two core strands:
first, the historical origins in maintaining a company’s share capital, and
second, the wider concern of protecting the assets of the company. To allow
the Crest entities to recover even the principal sum of S$17,332,081.15 would
reduce IHC’s capital and assets, to the prejudice of the innocent shareholders
and creditors. The plaintiffs argue that such a claim stultifies the
fundamental policy of the statutory prohibition. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

PCS at [434]-[435].

320 The Crest entities accept that the underlying policy of the statutory
prohibition is to prevent the depletion of the company’s financial resources,
including its future resources, in acquiring its own shares: Lew Syn Pau
([119] supra) at [126]. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

1DCS at [386].

However, s 76A(4) of the Companies Act expressly permits a claimant to seek
just and equitable relief against the company in the event that the contract
was declared void under s 76A(1) for breaching the s 76 prohibition. This,
argue the Crest entities, suggested that allowing a claim for restitution in
respect of sums paid out to a company to purchase its own shares does not
stultify the policy underlying s 76 because Parliament clearly intended that
restitution be available against the company. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

1DRS at [172].

Also, the lever argument and the safety net arguments should be ruled in
favour of the Crest entities.

321 As I observed at [223], s 76A(4) of the Companies Act merely allows the
court to grant just and equitable relief against a company. While it does not
expressly preclude a claim against a company in respect of the sums paid out
to the company to purchase its own shares, in the exercise of its discretion
whether and what relief to grant, the underlying policy of the prohibition
would certainly be considered by the court. What is clear to me is that
statutory relief does not mean that stultification is rendered otiose (as
suggested by the Crest entities). I turn to consider whether if allowed, the
Crest entities’ claim for restitution would provide a lever for parties to
enforce a contract which is illegal by virtue of s 76 of the Companies Act, or
would provide a safety-net for parties neglecting to do their due diligence in
determining whether the transaction is one that would run afoul of s 76 of the
Companies Act.

322 The Crest entities’ case is that these two considerations did not arise.
Firstly, they argue that allowing their unjust enrichment claim would not
create a lever for future parties to a transaction illegal by s 76 of the
Companies Act to enforce that illegal agreement, because it was not pleaded in
such a manner as to recover the fullest extent of what they were entitled to
under the Standby Facility, had it not been void. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

1DRS at [174].

323 I am not sure I follow this argument. The Crest entities’ claim is for the
full principal sum of S$17,332,081.15. It seems to me clear that allowing the
unjust enrichment claim would create a lever for future parties (to a
transaction illegal by virtue of s 76 of the Companies Act) to enforce that
illegal agreement. This is the precise effect of allowing such a claim. It
seems to me that a claimant seeking statutory relief within s 76A(4) of the
Companies Act would also have to strive to overcome the same obstacle ie, that
relief may actually undermine the underlying policy of the statutory
prohibition.

324 Secondly, the Crest entities argue that their claim would not create a
“safety-net” for other financiers in similar situations because IHC had
provided representations and warranties as to the legality of the transaction,
on the faith of which the Crest entities had entered into the Standby
Facility. Also, allowing recovery in this specific case would not set a
precedent which removed the disincentives against future financiers entering
into such agreements by simply relying on general representations and
warranties without conducting further due diligence, as the Court of Appeal’s
finding in The Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra) would govern future conduct.
327

##### Foot Note 327

×

1DRS at [175].

325 The Crest entities’ position on the safety-net argument is, in my view,
unsatisfactory. The argument is essentially premised on the assumption that
the sole source of the Crest entities’ responsibility for the breach of s 76
of the Companies Act was its failure to do due diligence. Even if I were to
accept the argument, the illegal transaction did not only consist of the
parties’ entry into the Standby Facility. It also included the drawdowns on
the Standby Facility to acquire IHC shares and the holding of the IHC shares
by Crest as security for repayment: The Enterprise Fund III ([5] supra) at
[134]. The Crest entities had effected the drawdowns on Mr Aathar’s
instructions to purchase IHC shares directly. This completely bypassed the
contractual safeguards in the Standby Facility agreement that would have
prevented unauthorized drawdowns. As such, I take the view that allowing the
unjust enrichment claim would indeed stretch out a safety-net to absolve the
Crest entities and other similar claimants in its position from the
consequences of its risky conduct. It is eminently desirable that parties do
the requisite due diligence in both entering into as well as executing any
arrangement involving a company’s direct or indirect acquisition of its own
shares.

326 Accordingly, I do not allow the Crest entities’ counterclaim in unjust
enrichment.

Rectification of the default interest clause in the Geelong Facility

327 The Crest entities also sought to rectify cl 9.3, the default interest
clause in the Geelong Facility, on the ground that it was erroneously
expressed as 3% per annum above the contractual interest rate instead of 3%
per month above the contractual interest rate. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

1DCS at [389].

328 Rectification is an equitable remedy. In Kok Lee Kuen and another v Choon
Fook Realty Pte Ltd and others and another application [1996] 1 SLR(R) 688 at
[38]–[39], Lai Siu Chiu J (as she then was) held that to rectify the terms of
a contract based on a common mistake, it is necessary to show that the parties
were in complete agreement on the terms in question, but by an error wrote
them down wrongly. This is ascertained on an objective basis, by looking at
“their outward acts, that is, at what they said or wrote to one another in
coming to their agreement, and then comparing it with the document which they
have signed.” Where a party relies on a unilateral mistake, he must show that
he believed that the agreement contained all the correct terms, and that the
other party being aware of the mistake, did nothing to draw it to his
attention.

329 I do not think that the Crest entities have proven either a common mistake
and/or a unilateral mistake which the plaintiffs did nothing to correct. There
was nothing produced before me, by way of correspondence, documents or
evidence of any discussion, to show that the parties specifically agreed for
default interest to be charged on a per month basis. The Crest entities seek
to rely on the surrounding circumstances, ie, that the previous facilities
provided for default interest on a per month basis, that the default interest
on a per annum basis is but a negligible increase over the contractual
interest rate which does not reflect the potential losses of the Crest
entities, and that IHC never raised any dispute as to the default interest
payable indicated in the statements of account sent to them after they had
defaulted on the Geelong Facility agreement (which was calculated on a per
month basis). 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

1DCS at [393].

However, these matters far fall short of proving an agreement of the parties
in relation to the default interest for the Geelong Facility. There is also no
evidence that IHC Medical Re knew that it was the intention of the Crest
entities to charge default interest on a per month basis, or that it knew that
there was a mistake in the document but did not point it out. Again, the
surrounding circumstances simply do not support this.

330 Accordingly, I dismiss the claim for rectification.

Costs on an indemnity basis

331 On the claim for an indemnity under cl 10.1 of the Geelong Facility, the
Crest entities seem to have abandoned its claim for other losses and expenses
under the Standby Facility and/or the Geelong Facility as originally pleaded.
330

##### Foot Note 330

×

1DCS at [403].

There was no substantive submission at all on such matters.

332 Instead, the Crest entities ask the court to exercise its discretion to
award costs on an indemnity basis. Presumably, this is the costs of the
action. I begin with cl 10.1 of the Geelong Facility, which states: 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

1ACB at p 171.

The Warrantors [including IHC, IHC Medical Re, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar] undertake
to each [of the Crest entities] for itself and for [the Crest entities’]
officers, employees and agents (each, together with [the Crest Entities], an
‘Indemnified Person’) to fully indemnify and keep fully indemnified on demand
each Indemnified Person from and against any and all liabilities, losses,
Claims, costs, charges and expenses of any nature whatsoever (including
without limitation legal expenses on a full indemnity basis) which any
Indemnified Person may incur or sustain or be subject to in consequence of any
misrepresentation or alleged misrepresentation or any of the Warranties
contained herein not being correct in any material respect at the time that
they were made or repeated or for any breach of any term and condition herein.
Such indemnity shall extend to include all charges and expenses which any of
the Indemnified Persons may pay or incur in investigating, disputing or
defending any Claim in respect of which the Warrantors are or may be liable to
indemnify under this Clause 100 [sic] …

333 As a general rule, costs are in the discretion of the court and should
follow the event unless it appears to the court that in the circumstances of
the case some other order should be made: Tullio Planeta v Maoro Andrea G
[1994] 2 SLR(R) 501 at [24]. The court will, however, tend to depart from this
rule and exercise its statutory discretion to award costs in such a manner as
to uphold the contractual bargain entered into by the parties (eg, a
contractual indemnity for costs) unless it would be manifestly unjust to do
so: Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd v Credit Agricole (Suisse) SA (Yeh Mao-Yuan,
third party) [2015] 4 SLR 1019 at [29]; Abani Trading Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas
and another appeal [2014] 3 SLR 909 at [93].

334 As I have not heard the parties on costs, I will deal with this together
with all costs matters after the delivery of this judgment.

Conclusion

335 From the above, I summarise my findings on liability as follows:

(a) Mr Fan acted in breach of his core fiduciary duties to IHC.

(b) Ms Lim acted in breach of her duty to IHC to act with skill, care and
diligence.

(c) The Crest entities and Mr Aathar dishonestly assisted Mr Fan in his breach
of duties to IHC. Ms Lim is not liable for this cause of action.

(d) The Crest entities, Mr Fan and Mr Aathar engaged in an unlawful means
conspiracy to injure IHC. Again, Ms Lim is not liable for this cause of
action.

336 In terms of remedies and reliefs, I grant judgment as follows:

(a) Against the Crest entities, Mr Fan and Ms Lim, jointly and severally, for
the sums paid by IHC towards the Standby Facility, totalling $4,538,800 to
IHC.

(b) Against the Crest entities and Mr Fan, jointly and severally, for interest
representing loss of use of the S$4,538,800, amounting to S$4,440,780.77 to
IHC.

(c) Against the Crest entities and Mr Fan, jointly and severally, on the basis
that the plaintiffs would have paid off the outstanding Geelong Facility
liability on its maturity date of 28 February 2016, in favour of the
plaintiffs:

(i) the sum of S$3,615,066.07, as post-maturity interest and default interest;
and

(ii) loss of the Australian business, the quantification of which will be
determined in separate proceedings.

337 In addition, I make an order that the Crest entities are not to charge the
plaintiffs for any costs, expenses or fee relating to the Crest receivership,
or to deduct any such costs, expenses or fees from the monies held in the
escrow account pursuant to the 20 October Court Order and/or the order of
court dated 1 July 2019 in these proceedings.

338 I do not, however, award damages for two losses connected to the 20
October Court Order ie, the cost of the banker’s guarantee and the interest,
default interest and exchange rate difference. I also do not award damages for
a claim of overcharged default interest amounting to S$90,816 (as a form of
loss of use of payments made towards the Standby Facility).

339 While I am of the view that Mr Aathar is liable, jointly and severally
with the Crest entities and Mr Fan, for the above amounts, I am not in the
position to grant judgment against him. The plaintiffs are at liberty to take
any necessary action against Mr Aathar.

340 I dismiss the Crest entities’ counterclaims, as well as Ms Lim’s
counterclaims.

341 Parties are to provide their costs submissions, and apply for other
consequential orders (if any), within two weeks of this judgment.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Lee Eng Beng SC, Cheng Wai Yuen Mark, Chow Chao Wu Jansen, Danitza Hon Cai Xia
and Sasha Gonsalves (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiffs;

Manoj Pillay Sandrasegara, Chng Zi Zhao Joel, Tan Kai Yun and Wong Zheng Hui
Daryl (WongPartnership LLP) for the first to fifth defendants;

The sixth defendant unrepresented;

Goh Kok Leong, Ng Weiting and Daniel Tan An Ye (Ang & Partners) for the eighth
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

