Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 67

High Court — Suit No 639 of 2018

Between

| Lim Anthony  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Gao Wenxi  
---|---  
(2)| Aussino International Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies] — [Oppression]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Anthony

  
v

  

Gao Wenxi and another

[2020] SGHC 67

High Court — Suit No 639 of 2018  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC  
6, 10, 11, 12 December 2019, 28 March 2020

6 April 2020 Judgment reserved.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC:

Background

1 The second defendant (“Company”) was incorporated by the plaintiff
(“Anthony”), who obtained a license for the Company to use the Aussino
trademark (the “Mark”) from the licensor, Aussino (USA) Inc (“Aussino USA”).
Anthony was the executive director and CEO of Aussino USA, but he had no
shareholding in Aussino USA. Anthony owned 100,000 shares in the Company, for
which he paid $100,000. Afterwards, on the introduction of her husband
(“Ben”), the first defendant (“Gao”) joined Anthony as his business partner in
running the Company.

2 The Company wanted to rent a unit at Harbourfront, but the landlord required
the Company to have a minimum paid-up capital of $200,000. At Ben’s proposal,
Anthony transferred 50,000 shares to Gao, so that each of them held 50,000
shares in the Company as at 24 October 2017. On the same day, Gao was
appointed a director of the Company. On 26 October 2017, a further 50,000
shares were issued to Anthony and Gao each, so that each of them held 100,000
shares in the Company. The purchase price of the 100,000 newly-issued shares
was set-off against a loan of $100,000 that Anthony had previously made to the
Company.

3 After some time, the working relationship between Anthony and Gao
deteriorated. Parties negotiated for Anthony’s exit from the Company. Anthony
proposed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”), under which the Company would
be granted a three-year license to use the Mark from Aussino USA. Gao,
however, wanted the license to be “indefinite”. Negotiations broke down.
Anthony resigned as director on 11 May 2018, while remaining a 50% shareholder
of the Company.

4 After Anthony’s resignation as director, he used another company he owned,
Aussino Fashion Pte Ltd (“Aussino Asia”), to set up operations selling
products branded with the Mark. Gao, in turn, proceeded to issue 2,400,000
shares to herself at the nominal price of $1 on 21 May 2018. This resulted in
a dilution of Anthony’s shares in the Company from 50% to about 4%.

Issues

5 Anthony brought the following claims against Gao and the Company:

(a) Against Gao, two claims for $50,000 each, for money that Anthony paid to
obtain the shares in the Company for Gao; and another claim under s 216
Companies Act (Cap 60, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”); and

(b) Against the Company, a claim for $450,000, being repayment of the loans
that he had made to the Company.

6 Gao bought two counterclaims against Anthony:

(a) A claim for $450,000, being the recovery of her loans to the Company,
based on misrepresentations which she said Anthony had made to induce her to
invest in the Company; and

(b) A claim for $700,000, for breach of an agreement that the Company would be
able to use the Mark exclusively in Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia.

7 The Company also brought counterclaims against Anthony for breaches of
director’s duties.

8 I will address the claims and counterclaims in turn.

Anthony’s claims

$50,000 from Gao for the 50,000 shares transferred to her

9 It was not disputed that parties had entered into an agreement on 20 October
2017 (“the October Agreement”), which set out the structure of their
shareholding in the Company. Under the October Agreement, Gao was to pay
Anthony $50,000 for the latter to transfer her 50,000 shares in the Company;
and they would each pay an equal amount to the Company for the issuance of new
shares. It is also undisputed that Gao has not paid Anthony the $50,000.

10 Gao claimed she was induced to enter into the October Agreement because of
the following misrepresentations from Anthony: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Gao’s AEIC at [35].

(a) first, that the Mark was owned by Anthony or by a company he controlled;

(b) second, that the Company could use the Mark for its business; and

(c) third, that the Company had at least $100,000 in its bank account with UOB
Bank (“UOB Account”).

Gao claimed that she was entitled to rescind the October Agreement as a result
of the misrepresentations, and that she was not bound to pay Anthony the
$50,000.

11 Having considered the evidence adduced and the submissions made, I find
Gao’s defence to be without merit. An actionable misrepresentation is a false
statement of fact made by one party to the other party, on which the other
party relied in entering into the contract: Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 7
(Buttersworth Asia, 2020) at para 80.173. In my view, there were no actionable
misrepresentations made by Anthony.

The representation that Anthony or a company under his control owned the Mark

12 According to Gao, Anthony represented that either he or a company he
controlled owned the Mark. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Gao’s AEIC at [22].

I am not satisfied that Anthony made any representation that he himself was
the owner of the Mark. I note that Gao’s husband Ben (who was the main person
from the Defendants’ side dealing with Anthony in relation to the October
Agreement) wrote in his email dated 26 October 2017 that it was “[Anthony’s]
company [who was] the [Mark’s] owner”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents vol 1 at p 361.

This was a mere six days after the October Agreement was entered into.

13 As for the alleged representation that Aussino USA – a company controlled
by Anthony – owned the Mark, Gao’s case on this issue did not make sense. It
was not disputed that Aussino USA is the owner of the Mark – so any
representation by Anthony to this effect would not be false. As to whether
Anthony misrepresented that he controlled Aussino USA, in the first place
there was no documentary or other objective evidence of Anthony making such a
representation. However, even if Anthony had represented that he controlled
Aussino USA, the Defendants themselves clearly accept such a representation
would be true. In fact, the Defendants themselves pleaded in their Defence and
Counterclaim that Anthony “effectively has control over Aussino USA”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [74].

On the Defendants’ own case, therefore, assuming Anthony had represented that
he controlled Aussino USA, there could be no question of such a representation
being false.

The representation that the Company can use the Mark for its business

14 Understandably, if the Company’s business involves the sale of goods
branded with the Mark, the Company must have been entitled to use the Mark.
This meant that Anthony likely did represent to Gao that the Company was
entitled to use the Mark.

15 However, I am not persuaded that these representations were false. On the
evidence before me, the Company was in fact entitled to use the Mark, having
been granted a license from Aussino USA. It did not matter that the license
was later revoked. This is also consistent with Anthony’s case that the
Company was entitled to use the Mark as long as he remained involved in
managing the Company. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript (6 December 2019) at 61, 129.

The representation about the money in the UOB Account

16 I am similarly not persuaded that Anthony made any representation about the
money in the UOB Account. According to Gao’s AEIC, Anthony told Ben over the
phone sometime “in or around late October 2017” 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Gao’s AEIC at [20]; see also FNBP (20 December 2018) at [10].

that the Company had “at least $100,000” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Gao’s AEIC at [20].

in the UOB Account. Her evidence on the stand, however, was inconsistent with
her affidavit evidence. First, the sum represented by Anthony to have been in
the UOB Account went from “at least $100,000” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Gao’s AEIC at [20], [22(c)].

to $130,000. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript (10 December 2019) at 136, 139.

Second, Gao made the sudden claim on the stand that she was sitting next to
Ben when Anthony made the phone call. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript (10 December 2019) at 136.

Third, the date of the phone call was now “[b]etween 20 to 24th [October]”, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcript (10 December 2019) at 136.

and not “late October”. On the other hand, Ben stated on the stand that the
phone calls were made in “late September or early October”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript (10 December 2019) at 38.

Given the material inconsistencies in the evidence about the circumstances in
which Anthony’s representation was allegedly made, I am not persuaded that
there was any representation from Anthony about the money in the UOB Account.

17 Gao also sought to furnish last-minute evidence on the stand. She alleged
that Anthony made two further representations: First, Anthony was said to have
represented to her on 24 October 2017 that the Company had $130,000 in the UOB
Account to her; and second, Anthony was said to have represented to Ben on the
phone around 25 or 26 October 2017 that there was only about $10,000 in the
UOB Account. These representations were not mentioned in her pleadings or
AEIC, and I am not persuaded that they were made. Indeed, regrettably, I
formed the distinct impression that Gao was inventing this new evidence on the
stand in an attempt to bolster her case. In any event, these alleged
representations occurred after the October Agreement had been entered into,
and were thus irrelevant.

18 Even if Anthony did misrepresent to Gao the money in the UOB Account, I am
not persuaded that she relied on this misrepresentation in entering into the
October Agreement. First, Ben’s email dated 20 October 2017, which contained
the proposal for the terms of the October Agreement, made no mention of the
money in the UOB Account. Second, Gao claimed that she entered into the
October Agreement to “equalise [her] contributions” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Gao’s AEIC at [37].

in the UOB Account. If this was really the case, then the purchase price for
the shares would have been $65,000 (being half of the $130,000 that, according
to Gao on the stand, Anthony represented was in the UOB Account). It was not.
This suggests that Gao’s obligations under the October Agreement were
unrelated to the amount of money in the UOB Account, and therefore, that the
question of the money in that account was not on Gao’s mind when she entered
into the October Agreement.

19 Even if there is an actionable misrepresentation, rescission will still be
unavailable if the representee chooses to affirm the contract: Strait Colonies
Pte Ltd v SMRT Alpha Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 441 at [42]. During cross-
examination, Gao admitted that after finding out about the balance of the UOB
Account, she did not say to Anthony that she was no longer obligated to pay
him $50,000; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript (10 December 2019) at 161.

instead, she chose to continue the joint venture with him. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript (10 December 2019) at 162–163.

In my view, this evidence pointed towards her unequivocal intention to affirm
and to continue with the October Agreement. Accordingly, I do not find that
Gao is entitled to rescission.

$50,000 from Gao for a further 50,000 shares Anthony has bought for Gao

20 As mentioned at [2] above, to increase the Company’s paid-up capital,
50,000 shares were issued to Anthony and Gao each, and the purchase price for
the newly-issued shares was set off against a loan of $100,000 that Anthony
had previously made to the Company. These arrangements were documented 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Anthony’s AEIC at [46]–[53].

. Anthony then claimed against Gao for the purchase price of her portion of
the newly-issued shares, at $50,000.

21 In response, Gao claimed that she was unaware of the above arrangements.
She insisted that the purchase price for her 50,000 new shares would be set
off against the money she had put in the Company. Having examined the
evidence, I reject Gao’s explanations as they were refuted by the objective
documentary evidence available.

22 First, Gao was clearly aware of the arrangements. In cross-examination, she
admitted that Ben had informed her of the arrangements around 26 October 2017.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript (11 December 2019) at 25.

She also admitted that she was copied in an email from the Company’s corporate
secretary to Anthony on 26 October 2017, which contained details of the
arrangements. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript (11 December 2019) at 26.

23 Second, although Gao claimed that she had paid $85,000 on behalf of the
Company for the deposit on the lease, which could be used to set off the
purchase price of the shares, in cross-examination she agreed that this
$85,000 was an “expense” for which she could seek reimbursement from the
Company. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript (11 December 2019) at 32–33.

24 On the evidence before me, Gao’s additional 50,000 shares were clearly paid
for by money paid by Anthony. The 50,000 additional shares were not, and could
not have been, a gift from Anthony. Even Gao has not claimed that they were a
gift. In the circumstances, I find that Gao is liable to pay Anthony the
purchase price for the shares, at $50,000.

Anthony’s oppression claim against Gao under s 216 CA

25 Anthony’s oppression claim under s 216 CA is premised on two grounds:

(a) First, Gao’s issuance of 2,400,000 shares in the Company to herself
without Anthony’s consent on 21 May 2018; and

(b) Second, Gao’s refusal to negotiate a license agreement with Aussino USA.

26 According to Anthony, he entered into another agreement with Gao on 26
October 2017, which governed how the Company was to be managed by them
(“Shareholders Agreement”). Anthony claimed that he had two legitimate
expectations pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement, which were breached: that
his shareholding in the Company would not be diluted without his consent, and
that he would be entitled to the final say in important matters. In response,
Gao claimed that her dilution of Anthony’s shareholdings was a legitimate
response to Anthony’s attempts at sabotaging the Company’s business.

27 A claim in minority oppression can be established if there has been a
departure from a complainant’s legitimate expectations to the extent that it
has become unfair: Lim Kok Wah v Lim Boh Yong [2015] 5 SLR 307 (“Lim Kok Wah”)
at [103]. The complainant’s legitimate expectations can be gleaned from formal
legal agreements such as the company’s constitution and any supplemental
shareholders’ agreements (see Margaret Chew, Minority Shareholders’ Rights and
Remedies (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) at para 4.031); or, where equitable
considerations apply, even from informal and undocumented understandings (Lim
Kok Wah at [103]).

28 I find in favour of Anthony on his claim of oppression arising from Gao’s
dilution of his shares through the unilateral issuance of 2,400,000 shares to
herself. The Shareholders Agreement made it crystal clear in cl 5 that

…[The] issuance of new shares and the request to increase paid-up capital must
be mutually agreed [by Anthony] and [Gao].

[emphasis in original]

Therefore, Anthony had a legitimate expectation that his shares in the Company
would not be varied without his consent. Gao’s unilateral issuance of shares
to herself – which diluted Anthony’s shareholding from 50% to a mere 3.96% –
was thus a departure from Anthony’s legitimate expectations.

29 I am of the view that this departure from Anthony’s legitimate expectations
was unfair. The dilution of Anthony’s shares meant that Gao now had near-
complete ownership of the Company without actually having had to spend any
money to buy out Anthony’s shares. As a corollary, Anthony’s investment in the
Company lost nearly all its value overnight, as he went from being an equal
shareholder to having a shareholding of less than 4% – in spite of the
provisions in cl 5 of the Shareholders Agreement. This amounted to commercial
unfairness which engaged s 216 CA. In this connection, it is well-established
that a single act can amount to minority oppression so long as it passes the
test of being a “visible departure from the standards of fair dealing and a
violation of the conditions of fair play which a shareholder is entitled to
expect” (see Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR
776 at [74]–[77]) – which on the evidence before me, is what Gao’s act of
diluting Anthony’s shareholding amounted to.

30 I do not accept Gao’s claim that the dilution of Anthony’s shares was
necessary to protect the Company from Anthony’s attempts at sabotage. The
claim by Gao of Anthony’s “attempts” at sabotage did not carry any real merit,
as I will explain (see [42] below). Tellingly, Gao herself has conceded in the
amended Defence and Counterclaim that she is agreeable to the allotment of the
2,400,000 shares being set aside 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [84].

.

31 However, I am of the view that there is no case of oppression arising from
Gao’s refusal to negotiate a license agreement with Aussino USA. Anthony
failed to explain how Gao’s refusal in this respect amounted to a departure
from his legitimate expectation that he was entitled to the final say on the
management of the Company. At least in the period prior to Gao’s dilution of
his shareholding on 21 May 2018, it was open to Anthony to override a decision
by Gao not to negotiate a licence agreement. There is no evidence that he
tried to do so. In fact, on his own evidence, he was the one who voluntarily
resigned his directorship on 11 May 2018 and – in his own words – “washed
[his] hands of the management” of the Company. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Anthony’s AEIC at [35].

$450,000 from the Company for repayment of loans

32 I turn next to Anthony’s claim for repayment of loans made to the Company.
It is not factually disputed that Anthony made loans to the Company totalling
$450,000, which he now seeks to claim back. In response, Gao contended that
Anthony had agreed to seek repayment of the loans only when the Company became
profitable.

33 A creditor is entitled to demand payment of a loan at any time by giving
reasonable notice in the absence of any special arrangement: Gobind Lalwani v
Basco Enterprise Pte Ltd [1998] 3 SLR(R) 1019 at [16]. Thus, the onus lies on
Gao to show that Anthony had agreed to ask for repayment of the loan only when
the Company turned a profit.

34 There is nothing in the evidence that supports Gao’s contention. Neither
the October Agreement nor the Shareholders Agreement (the terms of which were
first drafted by Gao’s husband Ben) referred to a promise by Anthony to seek
repayment of his loan only when the Company makes a profit. During the trial,
Gao herself admitted that there was no discussion between her and Anthony
about when the money should be repaid. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript (11 December 2019) at 40.

In particular, she stated that

“[If she and Anthony] did talk about [Anthony’s agreement to defer repayment
of his loan to the Company], [they] would have to sign a loan agreement, but
[they] didn’t sign anything.” 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript (11 December 2019) at 33.

35 I find therefore that the Company is liable to repay Anthony the $450,000.

Gao’s counterclaims

$450,000 from Anthony for misrepresentations

36 I will next address Gao’s counterclaims. Gao claimed that she had given
$450,000 in shareholder loans to the Company on the basis of the following
misrepresentations from Anthony: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [88].

(a) first, that the Mark was owned by Anthony or a company he controlled;

(b) second, that the Company could use the Mark for its business; and

(c) third, that the Company had at least $100,000 in its bank account.

Gao claimed that she had lost the $450,000 in consequence of Anthony’s
misrepresentations.

37 I dismiss this counterclaim, since I have found that Anthony made no
actionable misrepresentations (see [12]–[18] above).

$750,000 from Anthony for breach of the Shareholders Agreement

38 Gao also claimed that Anthony breached cl 2 of the Shareholders Agreement,
which provided that the Company had the exclusive right to use the Mark in
Southeast Asia, by the following acts after he resigned as director of the
Company: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [94].

(a) Issuing letters of demand alleging that the Company did not have any right
to use the Mark; and

(b) Imposing onerous conditions in the MOU for the license of the Mark.

39 I begin with an examination of cl 2. The clause provided that “The
[Company] had the exclusive rights to use the [Mark] in [Southeast Asia].”
Since Anthony was the one who obtained approval from Aussino USA for the
Company to use the Mark, cl 2 would be interpreted as imposing on Anthony an
obligation to provide the Company with an “exclusive [right]” to use the Mark.

40 I turn to examine the nature of this “exclusive [right]”. It could not have
been an indefinite right, which would only be granted later once the Company
was successfully listed - as provided under cl 1 of the Shareholders
Agreement. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 361; Transcript (11 December 2019) at 44.

Nor was it a right arising from a contractual license, since there was no
evidence of a license agreement subsisting between the Company and Aussino USA
at the time the Shareholders Agreement was entered into. On the evidence
available, the irresistible inference was that the Company’s right to use the
Mark came from a bare licence, which was revocable at will. This inference is
consistent with Anthony’s position that he could “procure permission to use
the [Mark] in Singapore for the immediate future.” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Anthony’s AEIC at [35].

41 As a result, cl 2 only imposed on Anthony an obligation to provide the
Company with a right to use the Mark which was revocable at will. It follows
that Anthony was not in breach of cl 2 because he did provide the Company with
such a right.

The Company’s counterclaims

42 The Company has also made a number of counterclaims against Anthony. Nearly
all of them were without merit. I will address them next.

Anthony’s request for medical insurance

43 The Company claimed that Anthony had breached his director’s duties by
requesting that the Company extend its medical insurance policy (if any) to
his Wife. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at [100(a)].

With respect, I do not see how the making of this request amounted to a breach
of Anthony’s duty as a director. Anthony’s request was refused by Gao in any
event, which meant that the Company did not suffer any loss or damage – nor
did Anthony make any gain – from his request.

Anthony’s request for the Company to pay rent for Aussino Asia’s premises

44 The Company claimed that Anthony breached his director’s duties by
requesting that the Company pay for the rental of Aussino Asia’s premises.
Once again, with respect, I do not see how the mere act of making a request
can amount to a breach of director’s duties. Moreover, Anthony’s alleged
request was refused by Gao, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Gao’s AEIC at [97].

which meant that the Company did not suffer any loss or damage, nor did
Anthony make any gains.

The payment of salary to one Edward Wee

45 The Company alleged that Anthony caused it to pay the salary of one Edward
Wee (“Wee”), even though Wee carried out work for Aussino Asia. However, Wee’s
salary was paid for work that Wee did for the Company, and not for Aussino
Asia – as evidenced in the employment contract between the Company and Wee. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Anthony’s Core Bundle at PCB 148.

There was no evidence that Wee failed to do any work at all for the Company.
Therefore, Anthony did not cause the Company to remunerate Wee for work that
the latter had done for another company.

46 Gao also claimed that Anthony unilaterally hired Wee without her consent.
However, she was the one who signed the employment contract between Wee and
the Company. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript (11 December 2019) at p 132.

She claimed at trial that she had no choice in signing the employment contract
because Anthony has insisted on hiring Wee. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript (11 December 2019) at p 133.

I do not accept her explanation because she clearly had no problem rejecting
requests from Anthony (as seen from her rejection of his requests for medical
insurance for his wife and for rental of Aussino Asia’s premises).

Anthony’s request for a list of the Company’s suppliers

47 The Company claimed that Anthony requested a list of the Company’s
suppliers so that he could order products from these suppliers for other
companies selling goods branded with the Mark in USA and China. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Gao’s AEIC, [100]–[103].

48 I am not persuaded that this request from Anthony was a breach of duty.
First, the Company’s business was focused in the Southeast Asia region, as
seen from cl 2 of the Shareholders Agreement. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents vol 1 at 364.

This meant that the orders made by companies selling goods branded with the
Mark in USA and China would not impinge on the Company’s business. Second,
Anthony had explained in an email to Gao dated 6 December 2017 that with the
extra orders, the price for the goods bought for the Company could be
negotiated downwards. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Anthony’s Core Bundle at PCB 114.

This suggested that Anthony’s request was actually to the Company’s benefit.
In any event, as I have said, I am not satisfied that his request constituted
a breach of his director’s duties.

The blocking of the Company’s email accounts

49 The Company also accused Anthony of misusing his directorial powers by
requesting the blocking of the Company’s email accounts. This accusation is
without merit. The Company’s email accounts were blocked on or around 22 May
2018, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Gao’s AEIC at [155].

ten days after Anthony resigned. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Gao’s AEIC at [139].

At this time, Anthony was no longer a director of the Company, meaning that he
no longer owed any duties to the Company (except the fiduciary duty not to
misappropriate the Company’s assets – see [58] below). It followed that
Anthony was not in any breach of duty for requesting that the Company’s email
accounts be blocked.

50 Further, Anthony remained a director of Aussino USA after his resignation
from the Company. He therefore remained under the duty to promote the best
interests of Aussino USA. I accept his argument that this would have required
him to request for the Company’s email accounts to be blocked, since these
email accounts carried the Aussino domain name, and their usage could have led
the public to believe that the Company continued to be the licensee of the
Mark.

Anthony’s attempt to appoint one New Siau Yen as a director and manager of
Aussino Asia

51 The Company also alleged that Anthony breached his fiduciary duty by
attempting to appoint Ms New Siau Yen (“Yen”) as a director and manager of
Aussino Asia after his resignation from the Company.

52 It is not disputed that Anthony revoked his offer of employment to Yen. I
do not see how a breach of Anthony’s fiduciary duties arose on the facts. Even
if this failed attempt per se amounted to a breach, the Company did not suffer
any loss or damage, nor did Anthony make any gains.

The leases for Plaza Singapura, IMM, Westgate and Parkway Parade

53 The Company accused Anthony of breaching his fiduciary duties by
appropriating the Company’s business opportunities after his resignation.
These business opportunities were said to be leases that the Company was
negotiating for units at Parkway Parade, Plaza Singapura, IMM, and Westgate
malls (collectively, “Malls”). According to the Company, Yen approached the
landlord of the Malls to request that the lease be granted to Aussino Asia
instead of the Company. Yen herself was fired from the Company on 23 May 2018.

54 The law on post-resignation appropriation of business opportunities has
been comprehensively set out by Rix LJ in Foster Bryant Surveying Ltd v Bryant
and another [2007] 2 BCLC 239 (“Bryant”) at [8]. The pertinent principles are
as follows:

2\. A requirement to avoid a conflict of duty and self-interest means that a
director is precluded from obtaining for himself, either secretly or without
the informed approval of the company, any property or business advantage
either belonging to the company or for which it has been negotiating,
especially where the director or officer is a participant in the negotiations.

…

4\. A fiduciary relationship does not continue after the determination of the
relationship which gives rise to it. After the relationship is determined the
director is in general not under the continuing obligations which are the
feature of the fiduciary relationship.

…

7\. A director is however precluded from acting in breach of the requirement
at 2 above, even after his resignation where the resignation may fairly be
said to have been prompted or influenced by a wish to acquire for himself any
maturing business opportunities sought by the company and where it was his
position with the company rather than a fresh initiative that led him to the
opportunity which he later acquired.

8\. In considering whether an act of a director breaches the preceding
principle the factors to take into account will include the factor of position
or office held, the nature of the corporate opportunity, its ripeness, its
specificness and the director’s relation to it, the amount of knowledge
possessed, the circumstances in which it was obtained and whether it was
special or indeed even private, the factor of time in the continuation of the
fiduciary duty where the alleged breach occurs after termination of the
relationship with the company and the circumstances under which the breach was
terminated, that is whether by retirement or resignation or discharge.

9\. The underlying basis of the liability of a director who exploits after his
resignation a maturing business opportunity of the company is that the
opportunity is to be treated as if it were the property of the company in
relation to which the director had fiduciary duties. By seeking the exploit
the opportunity after resignation he is appropriating to himself that
property. He is just as accountable as a trustee who retires without properly
accounting for trust property.

10\. It follows that a director will not be in breach of the principle set out
as point 7 above where either the company’s hope of obtaining the contract was
not a ‘maturing business opportunity’ and it was not pursuing further business
orders nor where the director’s resignation was not itself prompted or
influenced by a wish to acquire the business for himself.

55 Applying the principles espoused by Rix LJ, I find no evidence that Anthony
breached his fiduciary duties in relation to the leases. First, these leases
could not have been said to be “maturing” business opportunities. Gao admitted
on the stand that the Company did not want the lease with Parkway Parade. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript (11 December 2019) at 72–74.

Therefore, after Anthony’s departure from the Company, the Company would no
longer have wanted this lease. There was also no evidence that the Company
continued to negotiate for the leases with Plaza Singapura, IMM and Westgate
after Anthony’s and Yen’s departure. Second, Anthony has not actually
“obtained” any business opportunities, since he stopped negotiations for the
leases pending the resolution of this dispute.

The closure of the UOB Account

56 I come next to the closure of the UOB Account. Anthony admitted that he
closed the UOB Account, of which he was the only signatory, and withdrew the
remaining sum of $12,036.27. He justified this on the basis that he was
repaying to himself the loans he made to the Company before Gao joined it.

57 It is not disputed that Anthony had resigned shortly before he closed the
account on 31 May 2018 and withdrew the funds remaining in it. At the same
time, both sides are agreed that the term “director” in s 4 CA “includes the
position of director of a corporation by whatever name called”. Both sides are
agreed that a de facto director – that is, someone who is in substance a
director, though not formally appointed as such – would owe the same fiduciary
duties and be held to the same standards as a director. These fiduciary duties
would obviously include the duty not to misappropriate the company’s assets.

58 Anthony says he was not a de facto director at the time he closed the UOB
account on 31 May 2018; the Company says he was. On balance, taking into
consideration the available evidence, I find that he was. The test of de facto
directorship is an objective one: what matters is that Anthony undertook
functions in relation to the company which could properly be discharged only
by a director: Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others
[2010] SGHC 163 at [58]. There is no dispute that the UOB Account was a
corporate account. Nor can there be any dispute that the operation of the UOB
Account, and in particular decisions as to what to do with the funds in the
account, constitute a key area of decision-making within the Company. It also
cannot be disputed that Anthony’s ability to operate the UOB Account depended
on his being a director of the Company. In deciding to close the UOB Account
and to withdraw the funds in it, Anthony clearly chose to assume the status
and functions of a company director despite his having tendered his
resignation on 11 May 2018. He was subject to a director’s fiduciary duty not
to misappropriate the company’s assets, and I find him in breach of such duty
in paying the $12,036.27 to himself. The fact that he had previously made
loans to the Company is a separate matter. He should have pursued the
necessary demand for repayment with the Company instead of unilaterally
deciding to close the UOB account and to pay himself the money in that
account.

Anthony’s failure to file the Company’s financial statements

59 Next, the Company accused Anthony of failing to file the Company’s
financial statement for the financial year ending 30 June 2017, as well as
withholding company documents and records from the Company.

60 In respect of the alleged failure to file the Company’s financial statement
for the financial year ending 30 June 2017, given that the last written
resolution of the sole shareholder of the Company at the time (ie, Anthony) in
lieu of AGM was passed on 1 December 2016, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents vol 1 at 109.

it follows that the financial statements must be filed within 13 months from
the date of this resolution (one year to have the next AGM, and another month
after that to file financial statements). Accordingly, the financial
statements must be filed by 1 January 2018. Since Gao was appointed a director
of the Company on 24 October 2017, the onus of preparing and filing the
financial statement would fall on both her and Anthony, and not just Anthony
alone. In any event, even assuming there was a breach of Anthony’s duty to
file financial statements, I did not find that there was any evidence to show
the Company had suffered loss or damage as a result.

61 As to the alleged withholding of company documents and records, Gao
admitted on the stand that she had access to the Company’s bank statements and
expenses lists prior to October 2017, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript (11 December 2019) at 142.

when she was appointed a director of the Company. The accusation of breach by
Anthony in this respect is therefore unsustainable.

Reliefs

62 Having regard to the findings set out above, I make the following orders
for reliefs.

63 I order Gao to pay Anthony $100,000, and the Company to pay Anthony
$450,000.

64 I order Anthony to pay the Company $12,036.27, which was the amount he
unilaterally withdrew from the UOB Account.

65 As for the oppression claim under s 216 CA, I set aside Gao’s issuance of
the additional 2,400,000 shares to herself on 21 May 2018. I also order Gao to
buy Anthony’s shares in the Company without discount. If there is no mutual
agreement between Anthony and Gao on the price to be paid for Anthony’s
shares, the price will be valued by an independent valuer, to be appointed by
mutual agreement between Anthony and Gao. Failing any mutual agreement on the
appointment of the independent valuer, either party has liberty to apply to
this Court for further directions.

66 The costs of any independent valuer shall be borne by Gao.

67 Anthony submitted that the date of valuation should be before 10 May 2018,
which was the point when Gao refused to enter into the license agreement with
Aussino USA. I disagree. As I mentioned earlier, it was open to Anthony to
override Gao’s decision, as provided for under the Shareholders Agreement. Nor
was there any legitimate expectation on Anthony’s part that Gao must negotiate
for the license with Aussino USA. Accordingly, the date of valuation should be
20 May 2018, before Anthony’s shareholding was diluted.

68 I will hear counsel’s submissions on costs.

[Postscript: After taking into account the fact that Anthony had succeeded on
most of his claims, that Gao had failed on all her counter-claim, and that the
Company had succeeded on one counter-claim for a sum much less than the claims
on which Anthony had succeeded, the costs of this action were awarded to
Anthony and fixed at a total of $45,000 (Gao and the Company to be jointly and
severally liable for these costs). Interest was ordered to run on all the
judgment sums at 5.33% per annum from the date of judgment.]

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judicial Commissioner

Soo Ziyang, Daniel and Cumara Kamalacumar (Selvam LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Ravi s/o Madasamy (Carson Law Chambers) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

