Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 109

Suit No 1173 of 2017

Between

1\. iVenture Card Limited

2\. iVenture Card International Pty Ltd

… Plaintiffs

And

1\. Big Bus Singapore City Sightseeing Pte Ltd

2\. Singapore Ducktours Pte Ltd

3\. Heng See Eng

4\. Low Lee Huat

… Defendants

A N D

Between

Big Bus Singapore City Sightseeing Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

1\. iVenture Card Limited

2\. iVenture Card International Pty Ltd

3\. iVenture Card Travel Ltd

… Defendants in Counterclaim

judgment

[Contract] — [Discharge] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Damages]

[Tort] — [Inducement of breach of contract]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Confidence] — [Breach of Confidence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
iVenture Card Ltd and another

  

v

  

Big Bus Singapore City Sightseeing Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC 109

High Court — Suit No 1173 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
14–17 and 21 January 2020; 16 March 2020

26 May 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first plaintiff (“iVenture”) is a limited company incorporated in Hong
Kong. The second plaintiff (“iVenture International”) is a company organised
under the laws of Australia, and is wholly owned by iVenture. Both plaintiffs
share a common director, Mr Ryan Rieveley. The third defendant in the
counterclaim (“iVenture Travel”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of iVenture.
These three companies (collectively, the “iVenture Group”) are part of the
iVenture group of companies, which is in the business of developing and
marketing tourist packages worldwide.

2 The first and second defendants (respectively, “Big Bus” and “Ducktours”)
are private limited companies incorporated in Singapore. They are part of the
“DUCK & HiPPO Group”, which is a group of companies engaged in the tourism
business. At the material time, the third and fourth defendants, Mr Heng See
Eng (“James”) and Mr Low Lee Huat (“Low”), were the only shareholders and
directors of Big Bus and Ducktours. Ducktours has operated a local tourist
attractions aggregator pass (“TAAP”), called the “Singapore Pass”, since 2006.
A TAAP is a product that allows its holder to access various tourist
attractions, usually at a discount.

3 Between 2014 and 2015, both groups of companies entered into a collaboration
with the broad purpose of re-launching the Singapore Pass (hereinafter
referred to as the “Relaunched Pass”). This resulted, inter alia, in the
following:

(a) An agreement (“Licence Agreement”) between iVenture and Big Bus (dated 27
March 2015), under which the former would be paid monthly fees in exchange for
selling the Relaunched Pass on its online website, and granting the latter a
licence to operate the Relaunched Pass business and use the “iVenture” brand
in Singapore.

(b) An agreement (“Service Level Agreement”) between iVenture, Smartvisit Pty
Ltd (“Smartvisit”) (which is a related company of iVenture International), and
Big Bus (dated 27 March 2015), under which the former two companies would be
paid monthly fees in exchange for providing Big Bus with technical services
and access to the “Smartvisit System” in order for it to operate the
Relaunched Pass business. The Smartvisit System is a transaction management
system which manages the validation, reporting and invoicing of transactions
for TAAPs. Its frontend component comprises hardware terminals installed at
various attractions, whilst the backend is an online portal known as the
“SORSE System”.

(c) A reseller arrangement (“Reseller Arrangement”) under which both
plaintiffs were permitted to resell the Relaunched Pass on behalf of the
defendants. It is disputed, however, whether this arrangement constitutes a
contractual “agreement”, the parties between whom the arrangement was made,
and its payment terms.

(collectively, the “Agreements”)

4 The iVenture Group has four claims against the defendants — first, iVenture
claims that Big Bus repudiated and breached the Licence and Service Level
Agreements, and iVenture Travel (or alternatively, iVenture) claims that Big
Bus repudiated and breached the Reseller Arrangement; second, iVenture and
iVenture Travel claim that Ducktours, James and Low are liable for inducing
Big Bus’ aforesaid breaches of contract; third, both plaintiffs claim the
defendants are liable for breach of confidence; and fourth, both plaintiffs
claim that the defendants are liable for an unlawful means conspiracy to
injure them. Big Bus first counterclaims against both plaintiffs on the basis
that they had first repudiated the Licence and Service Level Agreements.
Second, Big Bus also counterclaims against iVenture, or alternatively,
iVenture Travel, for the payment of two outstanding invoices for October and
November 2017 under the Reseller Arrangement.

5 I start with the iVenture Group’s first claim, and Big Bus’ first
counterclaim. Although the defendants had initially pleaded that both
plaintiffs also repudiated a preliminary agreement (dated 17 December 2014),
this point was abandoned in their counsel’s closing submissions, and hence, it
is not necessary for me to deal with it. I will dismiss Big Bus’ first
counterclaim against iVenture International, given that it is undisputed that
the company was not even a party to the Licence and Service Level Agreements.

6 Before dealing with the main issues of repudiation of the Agreements, I must
decide three preliminary issues — whether the Reseller Arrangement constitutes
an agreement in the first place, the parties to it, as well as its payment
terms. I agree with the plaintiffs that Reseller Arrangement constitutes an
oral agreement. The defendants had denied this by claiming that the parties
merely had a “reseller relationship” that continued “at will” on a “willing
buyer, willing seller basis” in accordance with clause 4.3(c) of the Licence
Agreement. In my view, this position makes no sense. The defendants’
allegation that there was a “willing buyer, willing seller” necessarily means
there must be an agreement. In fact, the defendants claim that the plaintiffs
are legally bound to accept certain commission rates and to comply with
certain payment deadlines under this arrangement. The only apparent basis for
these obligations must be contractual, as no other basis (ie, in unjust
enrichment) was argued. Specifically, I find that the Reseller Arrangement was
an oral agreement concluded between the parties separately from the Licence
Agreement. Clause 4.3(c) of the Licence Agreement merely states that Big Bus
will allow reselling “on execution of a standard sales agency agreement”. As
Mr Chia himself pointed out, that clause clearly creates no legally binding
contract in itself, and implies that a separate agreement would be required.

7 It is not disputed that Big Bus was a party to the Reseller Arrangement. The
question is whether its counterparty was iVenture (as the defendants claim),
or iVenture Travel (as the plaintiffs claim). In my view, it was iVenture. The
parties’ correspondence shows that at all material times, Mr Rieveley
discussed matters concerning the Reseller Arrangement as an officer of
iVenture. While Big Bus’ invoices were issued to iVenture Travel, it is clear
from the emails between Mr Rieveley, Smartvisit and the defendants (dated 14
July 2015) that this was only because the iVenture Group had set up the SORSE
System to generate the invoices in that manner for billing purposes. In my
view, iVenture was the proper contracting party all along, and iVenture Travel
had merely accepted invoices under the Reseller Arrangement on its behalf as a
matter of administrative convenience. That being the case, I dismiss iVenture
Travel’s counterclaim against Big Bus for repudiation of the said agreement,
and Big Bus’ second counterclaim against iVenture Travel for the invoices for
October and November 2017 under the same agreement.

8 As for the terms of payment, it is undisputed that after the plaintiffs
resold the Relaunched Pass, Big Bus would invoice them on a monthly basis for
the sales proceeds (less the plaintiffs’ commission). It is also undisputed
that around 25 to 29 March 2016, the parties agreed to a “contra arrangement”
where Big Bus would deduct the fees it owed to the plaintiffs (under the
Licence and Service Level Agreements) from its invoices (under the Reseller
Arrangement), and bill them for the net amount. The defendants claim that at
all material times, iVenture was required to pay Big Bus’ invoices within 30
days of the date of the invoice (“30 Day Credit Term”). The plaintiffs deny
this, and say that the parties had only agreed that payment be made on
“reasonable credit terms”. In my view, the defendants are correct. There were
multiple email chasers from Big Bus to the iVenture Group referring to the
number of days that an invoice was purportedly overdue, calculated on the
basis of the 30 Day Credit Term. There is, however, no record of the iVenture
Group ever objecting to these numbers. Further, the parties’ emails dated 29
March 2016 specifically indicate that the 30 Day Credit Term would continue to
apply even with the “contra arrangement” in place. As a matter of commercial
sense, I find it unbelievable that the plaintiffs would claim that any
commercial party like Big Bus would agree that payments due to it need only be
made within a “reasonable” period, with no specific timeline at all. I hence
find that the Reseller Arrangement was subject to the 30 Day Credit Term.

9 I now address the main issues of whether any of the Agreements were
repudiated by the parties. The defendants claim that since 2015, the iVenture
Group had been consistently late in its invoice payments under the Reseller
Arrangement. According to them, the final straw came on 3 November 2017, when
Mr Rieveley outright refused to pay Big Bus’ invoice for September 2017 (“Sept
2017 invoice”), and iVenture continued to be in default in respect of the same
until 8 November 2017. The defendants’ counsel, Mr Chia, submitted that this
was in breach of the 30 Day Credit Term, and the Reseller Arrangement allowed
Big Bus to terminate the plaintiffs’ reseller rights in such an event.
Although I agree that iVenture’s non-payment amounts to a breach, I do not
think it gave iVenture a right of termination. Mr Chia argued that the basis
for this right was clause 4.3(c)(iii) of the Licence Agreement. This is
obviously wrong because on Mr Chia’s own submission, that clause was subject
to contract and created no legally binding obligation. Moreover, Mr Chia did
not reconcile this submission with his other claim that the Reseller
Arrangement was “terminable at will”. As he did not submit that Mr Rieveley’s
refusal or iVenture’s default conferred a right of termination or suspension
on Big Bus in any other way (ie, the 30 Day Credit Term was a condition), I
find that neither act was a repudiation of the Reseller Arrangement.

10 The parties’ dispute did not end there. Instead, it carried over into a
series of suspensions and arguments between 8 and 10 November 2017. On 8
November 2017, sometime in between 7am and 2.30pm (inclusive), Big Bus imposed
a suspension in respect of the Relaunched Pass business (“First Suspension”).
The exact scope of this suspension is disputed. iVenture retaliated by
imposing its own suspension that same day, sometime between 4.50pm and 5.30pm
(inclusive), to cut off Big Bus’ access to the SORSE System (“SORSE System
Suspension”). Sometime between 6.30pm that same day, and 9am on 9 November
2017, Big Bus followed up with another suspension (“Second Suspension”), whose
scope is also disputed.

11 The defendants’ case is that iVenture’s SORSE System Suspension was a
repudiation of the Licence and Service Level Agreements, which Big Bus
accepted via its solicitors’ letter dated 6 December 2017. The plaintiffs’
case is that Big Bus’ First and/or Second Suspensions, and/or its allegedly
wrongful termination of the Licence and Service Level Agreements on 6 December
2017, amounts to a repudiation of the said agreements and the Reseller
Arrangement. According to the plaintiffs, iVenture accepted these repudiations
via its solicitors’ letter dated 8 December 2017, which letter also served as
iVenture Travel’s acceptance of Big Bus’ repudiation of the Reseller
Arrangement.

12 Before discussing the parties’ cases, I must first determine the scope of
the First and Second Suspensions. For context, the use of the Relaunched Pass
involves three steps — first, the pass is sold to a customer; second, the pass
is activated by Big Bus; and third, the customer presents the pass to redeem
access at the various attractions. The defendants claim that the First
Suspension was limited to a suspension of the plaintiffs’ reseller rights
under the Reseller Arrangement, pending the iVenture Group’s payment of the
Sept 2017 invoice. Although the emails sent by Ms Zener Teo (the general
manager of Big Bus and Ducktours) to Mr Rieveley prior to 8 November 2017
indicate that was indeed the intention, I find that in its implementation, the
suspension was not so limited. On 8 November 2017, by 2.27pm at the latest,
Big Bus displayed a notice at its pass redemption counters stating that “all
sales and activation of the [Relaunched Pass] will be suspend on Nov 8, 2017
at 0700hrs”. As counsel for the iVenture Group, Ms Celeste Ang, pointed out,
nothing in this notice limits the suspension to only passes resold by the
plaintiffs.

13 Further, contemporaneous records from the SORSE System show that there was
no activation of any passes on 8 November 2017, save for a single stray
redemption at 5.33pm. There were between 41 and 84 activations per day in the
immediately preceding 5-day period. This reinforces my finding that the First
Suspension suspended the sales and activation of all Relaunched Passes,
regardless of who they were sold by. As to Second Suspension, the parties’
correspondence and notices displayed by Big Bus shows that at the latest, by 9
November 2017, 8am, Big Bus had suspended all redemptions of the Relaunched
Pass (regardless of when they were sold, or who they were sold by).

14 I accept the plaintiffs’ case that Big Bus’ First and Second Suspensions
amount to a repudiation (by renunciation) of the Licence Agreement and the
Reseller Arrangement, but find that they were not a repudiation of the Service
Level Agreement. As stated by the Court of Appeal in San International Pte Ltd
(formerly known as San Ho Huat Construction Pte Ltd) v Keppel Engineering Pte
Ltd [1998] 3 SLR(R) 447 (at [20]), the law on repudiatory breach by
renunciation is as follows:

…A renunciation of contract occurs when one party by words or conduct evinces
an intention not to perform or expressly declares that he is or will be unable
to perform his obligations in some material respect. Short of an express
refusal or declaration the test is to ascertain whether the action or actions
of the party in default are such as to lead a reasonable person to conclude
that he no longer intends to be bound by its provisions. The party in default
may intend in fact to fulfil the contract but may be determined to do so only
in a manner substantially inconsistent with his obligations, or may refuse to
perform the contract unless the other party complies with certain conditions
not required by its terms…

[emphasis in italics original; emphasis in bold added]

15 In my view, Big Bus’ First Suspension was a refusal to perform its
obligations under the Licence Agreement in a “material respect”. Specifically,
Big Bus’ suspension of all sales and activations of the Relaunched Pass
breached its key obligation to “use its best endeavours to develop, promote
and sell the [Relaunched Pass]”. The importance of this obligation is
demonstrated by the fact that all of iVenture’s fees under the Licence
Agreement are calculated as a percentage of the monthly sales of the
Relaunched Pass. The parties’ essential bargain under that agreement is hence
premised on the continued operation of the Relaunched Pass business, which was
wholly disrupted by the First (as well as Second) Suspension. Mr Chia argued
that this suspension was not a renunciation, since that would require Big Bus
to have refused to perform its obligations at all. Mr Chia said this was not
the case here because the suspension was merely temporary pending iVenture’s
payment of the Sept 2017 invoice. The fatal difficulty with this argument is
that the Sept 2017 invoice was only owed by iVenture under the Reseller
Arrangement. This means that by the First Suspension, Big Bus was in fact
refusing to perform a material aspect of the Licence Agreement unless an
extraneous term stipulated under another agreement was complied with. There
was obviously no basis for this, and the irresistible inference is that Big
Bus effectively refused to be bound by the express terms of the Licence
Agreement.

16 I now turn to the Reseller Arrangement. In my view, the evidence shows that
the First and Second Suspensions were intended to be temporary when they were
first imposed on 8 November 2017, pending iVenture’s payment of the Sept 2017
invoice. By 9 November 2017, however, iVenture Travel had paid that invoice,
and on the following day, Big Bus still refused to lift its suspensions,
unless iVenture further provided an advance remittance of $150,000 to cover
the plaintiffs’ resales in October and November 2017, as well as a banker’s
guarantee. As Ms Ang pointed out, even under the 30 Day Credit Term, the
invoices under the Reseller Arrangement for October and November 2017 were not
due by that date. Neither did Big Bus have any right to demand a banker’s
guarantee under any of the agreements. Accordingly, at the very latest, by 10
November 2017, Big Bus’ refusal to lift the First and Second Suspensions
unless the iVenture Group complied with some terms not required by the
Reseller Arrangement was a clear renunciation of the same.

17 Nonetheless, I find that Big Bus’ First and Second Suspensions did not
amount to a repudiation of the Service Level Agreement, simply because Big Bus
is not even obliged to operate the Relaunched Pass business under that
agreement. The Licence and Service Level Agreements each contain a clause
(“mutual dependency clause”) stating that it is a condition of the said
agreement that the other agreement continues to be in effect. Contrary to Mr
Chia’s submission, this does not mean that the mere repudiation of one
agreement amounts to a repudiation of the other. It only means that the
discharge of one agreement would lead to the discharge of the other. As I find
later below, the discharge of either agreement only occurred about a month
later.

18 That is not the end of the matter. A contract which has been repudiated by
one party is only discharged upon the other party’s acceptance of that
repudiation. The plaintiffs pleaded that they had only accepted Big Bus’ above
repudiations on 8 December 2017. I must hence also consider whether prior to
that time, as the defendants claim, iVenture had itself repudiated the Licence
and Service Level Agreements through its SORSE System Suspension on 8 November
2017, and whether the defendants accepted this alleged repudiation (and
terminated the said agreements) through its Second Suspension between 6.30pm
that same day and 9am on the following day. Under the said suspension,
iVenture had suspended Big Bus’ login access to the SORSE System, although the
portal itself was still functioning and tracking the relevant information
regarding the sales, activations and redemption of passes. iVenture (along
with Smartvisit) was obliged to provide Big Bus access to the SORSE System
only under the Service Level Agreement. As such, I cannot see how, as Mr Chia
submitted, the suspension was a repudiation of iVenture’s obligations under
the Licence Agreement.

19 Ms Ang argued that the SORSE System Suspension could not be a repudiation
of the Licence or Service Level Agreements, because iVenture was merely
exercising its contractual right under clause 7.5 of the latter agreement to
“restrict or withhold the access of any person…[where iVenture] has reason to
suspect that any [such person] has breached…a term of their Licence [to use
the Smartvisit System]”. I am unable to agree with her, not least because she
failed to even identify the “term” in question. It is thus clear that iVenture
had no right to impose this suspension and was in breach of the Service Level
Agreement. Ms Ang argued that the suspension was nonetheless not a
renunciation because it was merely temporary. She referred to Mr Rieveley’s
email to the defendants on 8 November 2017, at 5.26pm, which stated:

In accordance with the terms of our agreement I therefore need to advise you
that, given the nature of the breach, iVenture Card Ltd will take immediate
action to mitigate the damages you are causing. Accordingly, in the event that
you don’t rectify this situation, we will be seeking an immediate injunction
against you from operating any similar product and to seek damages…I should
note that, as an immediate action, all access to SORSE for your team has been
immediately cut.

[emphasis added]

20 Ms Ang, counsel for the plaintiffs and the third defendant in counterclaim,
submitted that Mr Rieveley’s email made clear that Big Bus had an opportunity
to “rectify [the] situation”, indicating that the Licence and Service Level
Agreements remained in force. In my view, iVenture made the same mistake as
Big Bus above. iVenture had effectively refused to perform its obligations
under the Service Level Agreement (ie, to give Big Bus access to the SORSE
System) unless Big Bus “rectif[ied] [the] situation” (ie, performed its
obligations under the separate Licence Agreement and Reseller Arrangement).
iVenture had no right to impose such extraneous conditions on its performance
of the Service Level Agreement, and in doing so, it evinced an intention not
to perform its obligations as stated within the four corners of that
agreement. There is no doubt that iVenture’s provision of access to the SORSE
System was absolutely essential to the Service Level Agreement, and I
therefore find that iVenture had repudiated the said agreement. I cannot,
however, accept Mr Chia’s submission that Big Bus’ Second Suspension
constitutes acceptance of iVenture’s repudiation. Mr Chia himself pointed out
that in its subsequent emails dated 9, 10 and 13 November 2017, Big Bus
continued to state that it was willing to resume the business (albeit subject
to certain conditions). All the evidence points only to a “temporary”
suspension of pass redemptions, not an unequivocal termination of the Service
Level Agreement.

21 That being the case, I find that Big Bus only validly accepted iVenture’s
repudiation of the Service Level Agreement through its solicitors’ letter
dated 6 December 2017. By virtue of the mutual dependency clause in the
Licence Agreement, Big Bus was then also entitled to terminate the said
agreement, which it did in that same letter. To be clear, the fact that Big
Bus was itself in continuing breach of the Licence Agreement at the time does
not affect its separate, express contractual right to terminate the same. I
further note that in Big Bus’ solicitors’ letter, it had relied upon
iVenture’s SORSE System Suspension as a ground to terminate the Licence
Agreement, and then cited the mutual dependency clause in the Service Level
Agreement in order to also terminate the same. Although Big Bus had gotten it
the wrong way around, the Court of Appeal in Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte
Ltd v Comfort Resources Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 602 (at [63], [65] and [67])
has made clear that an innocent party can generally rely on any ground of
termination which existed at the time of election, except that it cannot rely
on a ground not raised at the time of termination if the party in breach could
have rectified the situation had it been afforded the opportunity to do so. In
this case, iVenture had already been notified of Big Bus’ factual grounds for
terminating both agreements (ie, the SORSE System Suspension), and I do not
think that Big Bus citing the correct legal mechanism would have made any
difference in prompting iVenture to rectify the situation. Hence, contrary to
the plaintiffs’ pleadings, I find that Big Bus had validly terminated the
Licence and Service Level Agreements on 6 December 2017.

22 As for Big Bus’ repudiation of the Reseller Arrangement on 10 November
2017, on the assumption that iVenture Travel was a party to that agreement
(which I have found to be incorrect), Ms Ang submitted that iVenture Travel
should be taken to have accepted the aforesaid repudiation by virtue of
iVenture’s solicitors’ letter dated 8 December 2017. In my view, however,
there is a commercially necessary and sensible implied term in the Reseller
Arrangement that it would continue to be in effect only insofar as the Licence
and Service Level Agreements subsist. This view was in fact taken by Ms Ang
herself, albeit on the premise that it was iVenture who would be entitled to
terminate the two latter agreements. It is clear that had the parties thought
about it, they would not have intended this secondary arrangement to continue
if their main collaboration had come to an end. As such, I find that Big Bus’
termination of the Licence and Service Level Agreements also caused the
Reseller Arrangement to be automatically and validly discharged on 6 December
2017. I will deal with the parties’ claims for damages for the above
repudiations later below under the section on remedies.

23 iVenture and iVenture Travel also claim that Ducktours, James and Low, are
liable for inducing Big Bus’ aforesaid repudiations of the Licence Agreement
and Reseller Arrangement. iVenture Travel’s claim will be dismissed since I
have found that it is not a party to either agreement. iVenture’s case is that
James and Low (as well as Ms Teo) knew of the existence of the said
agreements, induced Big Bus to breach them by imposing the First and Second
Suspensions, and intended to interfere with iVenture’s rights. The evidence
shows that all of these elements are made out. I find, contrary to the
defendants’ case, that James and Ms Teo either intended to interfere with
iVenture’s contractual rights as a means to pressure it to pay the Sept 2017
invoice, or were at least recklessly indifferent as to whether a breach had
occurred.

24 James and Low, as directors of Big Bus, will not be personally liable in
tort for its contractual breaches if they did not breach their own legal
duties towards Big Bus and were acting bona fide within the scope of their
authority. This is the principle enunciated in Said v Butt [1920] 2 KB 497,
which was approved by the Court of Appeal in PT Sandipala Arthaputra and
others v STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others [2018] 1 SLR 818
(“PT Sandipala”) (at [50], [53], [62] and [65]). Ms Ang argued that this
principle does not apply here as Big Bus’ suspension of the Relaunched Pass
business was not in its best interests, given that it would lose its future
profits from the business and the new HiPPO Singapore Pass business would only
benefit Ducktours, a separate legal entity. I cannot accept this. In my view,
the evidence shows that James and Low acted bona fide in Big Bus’ interests to
protect it from its mounting “financial exposure” to the iVenture Group,
because the iVenture Group was consistently late in its payments under the
Reseller Arrangement. I hence dismiss iVenture’s claim against James and Low
personally for inducing breach of contract.

25 As to Ducktours, Ms Ang submitted that James and Ms Teo’s knowledge,
actions and intentions in inducing Big Bus’ contractual breaches can be
attributed to Ducktours (at which they were also officers). I accept this
because the evidence (including the parties’ correspondence) shows that at all
material times, James and Ms Teo were “simultaneously acting on behalf of both
Big Bus and Ducktours” when effecting the First and Second Suspensions. The
only remaining question is whether iVenture suffered injury as a result of the
contractual breaches, which I will examine under the section on remedies.

26 The plaintiffs’ third claim is that the defendants had received and misused
the plaintiffs’ confidential information, relating, inter alia, to its product
development, pricing, operating processes and marketing (“Alleged Confidential
Information”). Ms Ang relied upon the three-limb test for breach of confidence
established in the leading English case of Coco v AN Clark (Engineers) Ltd
[1969] RPC 41, which had been approved in its entirety (until very recently)
by the courts in Singapore. She submitted that, first, the Alleged
Confidential Information had the necessary quality of confidentiality; second,
it was communicated in circumstances importing an obligation of confidence;
and third, the defendants misused the information to set up the HiPPO
Singapore Pass business. The defendants denied all of these.

27 Even if the first two limbs of the aforesaid test are made out, I do not
accept that the defendants had misused the Alleged Confidential Information,
or that they had acted unconscionably in any other way. The plaintiffs’ main
evidence of the defendants’ alleged misuse is that the HiPPO Singapore Pass
features the same attractions as the Relaunched Pass. This says nearly nothing
at all, because all the attractions listed are merely typical tourist
attractions in Singapore. Although it is undisputed that the HiPPO Singapore
Pass was launched within one to two days of the parties’ suspensions on 8 and
9 November 2017, I accept the defendants’ explanation that the HiPPO Singapore
Pass is part of an integrated IT system which they had been independently
developing for at least a year before the parties’ present dispute. As I do
not find any misuse or that the defendants had acted unconscionably, I dismiss
the plaintiffs’ claim for breach of confidence.

28 Next, iVenture and iVenture International claim that all the defendants
conspired to injure the plaintiffs by unlawful means, and actually did so. As
there is no breach of confidence by the defendants, the only unlawful means
remaining are Big Bus’ repudiations of the Licence Agreement and the Reseller
Arrangement. Given that James and Ms Teo were “simultaneously acting on behalf
of both Big Bus and Ducktours” when effecting the First and Second
Suspensions, I find that Big Bus and Ducktours agreed and intended to commit
the acts together, with the intention of injuring iVenture so that it would be
pressured into making its payments under the Reseller Arrangement. I will deal
with the question of whether iVenture suffered loss as a result later under
the section on remedies. I dismiss iVenture’s claim against James and Low
personally, since the Court of Appeal has held in PT Sandipala (at [62]) that
the principle in Said v Butt [1920] 2 KB 497 also protects directors from
personal liability under the tort of unlawful means conspiracy in respect of
their company’s contractual breaches. I dismiss iVenture International’s claim
for unlawful means conspiracy against all the defendants, since it is not even
a party to the Licence Agreement and Reseller Arrangement, and it has no real
connection with the defendants’ actions.

29 Finally, I address the issue of remedies. iVenture claims damages for Big
Bus’ repudiation of the Licence Agreement and Reseller Arrangement, Ducktours’
tortious inducement of the same, as well as Big Bus’ and Ducktours’ tortious
liability for unlawful means conspiracy against it. iVenture is asking for
these damages to be assessed collectively. In my view, this is permissible
since the torts in question had arisen from a breach of contract, meaning that
the position that iVenture would have been in had the contracts been
performed, would have been the same as its position had the torts not been
committed (see Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and
others and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655 at [387]). As to the Service Level
Agreement, having found that iVenture had, by its conduct, repudiated it, I
allow Big Bus’ first counterclaim for damages to be assessed.

30 I will first deal with iVenture’s claim for its loss of profits under the
Licence Agreement, and Big Bus’ first counterclaim for its loss of profits
under the Service Level Agreement. The starting point for the quantification
of damages is as follows:

(a) Under the Licence Agreement, iVenture is entitled to recover its
expectation losses from the date of Big Bus’ repudiation on 8 November 2017
(between 7am to 2.30pm) until 6 December 2017. The latter date is the date on
which Big Bus validly terminated the Licence Agreement.

(b) As to the Service Level Agreement, Big Bus is entitled to recover its
expectation losses from the date of iVenture’s repudiation on 8 November 2017
(between 4.50pm to 5.30pm) until 8 December 2020 only. The basis for the
latter date is this - had iVenture not repudiated the Service Level Agreement,
iVenture’s solicitors’ letter on 8 December 2020 would have validly terminated
the Licence Agreement, and by extension, the Service Level Agreement (through
its mutual dependency clause).

31 The plaintiffs’ expert witness, Mr Oliver Watts, and the defendants’ expert
witness, Mr Wong Joo Wan, each proposed different methodologies for
calculating each side’s loss of profits. The key point is that both parties
were claiming a loss of profits flowing from the non-operation of the
Relaunched Pass business, and blaming the other party’s suspension as the
cause of that non-operation. In my view, however, on 8 November 2017, sometime
from 4.50pm to 5.30pm onwards, both sides were to blame for the non-operation
of the Relaunched Pass business, and each could not causally attribute their
loss of profits flowing from that non-operation to the other’s actions.

32 To elaborate, as of 8 November 2017, between 4.50pm to 5.30pm, it cannot be
said that but for Big Bus’ refusal to perform the Licence Agreement, iVenture
would not have suffered its loss of profits flowing from the non-operation of
the Relaunched Pass business. The reason is that at that time, iVenture had
itself imposed the SORSE System Suspension. Although this was not legally a
breach of iVenture’s obligations under the Licence Agreement, I agree with Mr
Chia that in practice, the suspension effectively “blinded Big Bus’ operations
vis-à-vis the sale [and activation] and redemption” of the Relaunched Pass,
thereby preventing Big Bus from operating the business. In other words, even
if Big Bus had lifted the First (and Second) Suspensions, the Relaunched Pass
business could still not be operated owing to iVenture’s own SORSE System
Suspension. Conversely, it cannot be said that but for iVenture’s refusal to
perform the Service Level Agreement (ie, by imposing the SORSE System
Suspension), Big Bus would not have suffered its loss of profits flowing from
the non-operation of the Relaunched Pass business. This is because even if
iVenture restored Big Bus’ access to the SORSE System, Big Bus itself
prevented the operation of the Relaunched Pass business by keeping the First
(and Second) Suspensions in place. To the extent that either party suggests
that it would have lifted its own suspension had the other lifted its
suspension first, I find this to be equally speculative coming from both
parties.

33 Accordingly, under the Licence Agreement, iVenture may only recover its
loss of profits during the small window of time between Big Bus’ First
Suspension and iVenture’s SORSE System Suspension on 8 November 2017. I accept
Mr Watts’ estimation of iVenture’s projected loss of profit of $17,123 for the
22-day period from 9 to 30 November 2017. I find Mr Watts’ methodology to be
generally more reasonable than Mr Wong’s, as it is based on a comparison
between iVenture’s actual profits and projected profits (had there been no
breach), and on more detailed breakdowns of the companies’ profits and losses.
I will award iVenture damages against Big Bus and Ducktours (jointly and
severally) for one day’s loss of profits, in the amount of $778.32. On the
other hand, under the Service Level Agreement, as I have found that Big Bus
cannot recover its loss of profits flowing from the non-operation of the
Relaunched Pass business, I will award it only nominal damages against
iVenture in the amount of $1,000.

34 As for the Reseller Arrangement, iVenture is theoretically entitled to
recover its loss of profits from the date of Big Bus’ repudiation on 10
November until 6 December 2017 (which is the date on which the agreement was
automatically and validly discharged). Similar to the above, however, my view
is that iVenture’s SORSE System Suspension had also “blinded” Big Bus by
preventing it from keeping track of crucial information relating to the
plaintiffs’ resales, thereby preventing the Reseller Arrangement from
operating in practice. That is, even if Big Bus had not suspended the
plaintiffs’ reseller rights, iVenture would still have suffered its loss of
profits flowing from the non-operation of the Reseller Arrangement owing to
its own SORSE System Suspension. As such, I award iVenture only nominal
damages in the amount of $1,000 against Big Bus and Ducktours (jointly and
severally).

35 Unusually, iVenture also claimed for loss of profits after 27 September
2020, which was the original end-date of the Licence and Service Level
Agreements. This was based on the key assumption that after that date, had Big
Bus not repudiated the Agreements, Big Bus would have either renewed them, or
iVenture would seamlessly transfer their business to another local partner on
comparable or better terms, so that iVenture would be operating and earning
even higher profits under its renewed or new business. As Mr Chia correctly
pointed out, the key assumption is in itself incredibly speculative,
especially as to the contractual terms on which iVenture’s possible renewed or
new business would operate. I find no evidence for this claim. iVenture also
sought to recover $45,757.03 in expenditure that it allegedly incurred to
respond to affected customers and launch a replacement pass business in order
to mitigate the damage from Big Bus’ repudiations. Given my view that the non-
operation of the Relaunched Pass business was caused by both sides and that
all the Agreements were validly discharged on 6 December 2017, I do not think
that iVenture is entitled to recover this expenditure.

36 iVenture also claimed against Big Bus various unpaid fees totalling
$27,866.34 under the Licence and Service Level Agreements. As this is
supported by the relevant invoices, and Big Bus did not dispute the same, I
find in favour of iVenture. In its pleadings, iVenture also claimed the return
of a number of terminals purportedly in Big Bus’ possession. At trial,
however, parties informed the court that the claim was no longer in issue, and
I will hence not deal with it.

37 As to Big Bus’ second counterclaim against iVenture for unpaid invoices
(totalling $145,792.86) for October and November 2017 under the Reseller
Arrangement, I find in favour of Big Bus. The two invoices generated from the
SORSE System speak for themselves. iVenture had originally pleaded that out of
the sales proceeds for these two months, $103,028.77 in sales had to be
refunded and/or cancelled. Big Bus explained, however, that the two invoices
were only for the sale of passes which customers had actually activated and
used. In its pleadings, the plaintiffs also admitted that “none of the cards
refunded were in the list of cards that were the subject of the October and
November 2017 invoices”. There is hence no basis for iVenture to deny
liability.

38 In summary, I have decided the following:

(a) For Big Bus’ repudiation of the Licence Agreement, Big Bus and Ducktours
are jointly and severally liable to iVenture for damages in the sum of
$778.32.

(b) For Big Bus’ repudiation of the Reseller Arrangement, Big Bus and
Ducktours are jointly and severally liable to iVenture for nominal damages in
the sum of $1,000.

(c) For iVenture’s repudiation of the Service Level Agreement, I will award
Big Bus nominal damages in the sum of $1,000.

(d) iVenture’s claim against Big Bus for unpaid fees totalling $27,866.34
under the Licence and Service Level Agreements is allowed.

(e) Big Bus’ second counterclaim against iVenture under the Reseller
Arrangement for unpaid invoices for October and November 2017 (totalling
$145,792.86) is allowed.

39 In exercise of the court’s inherent jurisdiction to order a set-off by
judgment, I will allow iVenture and Big Bus’ claims against each other to be
set-off. As iVenture’s claims against Big Bus total $27,866.34, and Big Bus’
claims against iVenture total $146,792.86, I grant judgment for Big Bus
against iVenture for the net amount of $118,926.52. I further grant judgment
for iVenture against Big Bus and Ducktours (jointly and severally) for the
amount of $1,778.32. Under s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed),
interest on both judgment sums will run from the date on which the writ was
issued to the date of this judgment, at 5.33% per annum.

40 My final remarks concern the procedure of joining a party to an action. The
parties informed me that iVenture Travel was only joined as a party to the
suit (specifically, as the third defendant to Big Bus’ counterclaim) midway
through the pre-trial proceedings. This joinder was apparently granted
pursuant to the defendants’ application under O 15, r 3(1) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), which application the plaintiffs
did not dispute. That provision states:

Counterclaim against additional parties (O. 15, r. 3)

3.—(1) Where a defendant to an action who makes a counterclaim against the
plaintiff alleges that any other person (whether or not a party to the action)
is liable to him along with the plaintiff in respect of the subject-matter of
the counterclaim, or claims against such other person any relief relating to
or connected with the original subject matter of the action, then, subject to
Rule 5(2), he may join that other person as a party against whom the
counterclaim is made.

[emphasis added]

41 It appears from the wording of the above provision that under certain
conditions, a defendant who counterclaims against a plaintiff may join another
person who is not yet a party to the proceedings as a “party against whom the
counterclaim is made”. I must express my disagreement with the terminology
used in this provision, as prima facie, a defendant cannot “counterclaim”
against a person who has not yet made any claim against it.

42 Where a defendant wishes to claim against a person who is not yet a party
to the suit, there may be more suitable alternatives than O 15, r 3(1) of the
ROC. The defendant may consider, for example, bringing in this other person
through the third party procedure, or bringing a separate suit against such a
person and consolidating the new suit with the existing one. Importantly, in a
suitable case such as the present, parties may even consider whether they can
come to an understanding in order to have the other person simply joined as a
plaintiff to the suit (ie, under O 15, r 4(1) of the ROC). This would apply
especially where the existing plaintiffs do not object to the defendant’s
joinder of the other person, the other person also wishes to claim against the
defendant, and the other person’s case is essentially aligned with that of the
existing plaintiffs’. As Ms Ang herself acknowledged, all these are true in
the present case and for all intents and purposes, iVenture Travel is a
plaintiff in this suit. Having instead joined iVenture Travel as the third
defendant to Big Bus’ counterclaim, parties had to file not only the core set
of pleadings (ie, the writ, statement of claim, defence and counterclaim,
reply and defence to counterclaim), but also another set of pleadings
comprising iVenture Travel’s individual defence and counterclaim, and Big Bus’
reply and defence to iVenture Travel’s counterclaim. In my view, this
unnecessarily complicated state of affairs could have easily been avoided by
taking the more straightforward route of joining iVenture Travel as a
plaintiff. As is true of many procedural problems, simplicity is the most
efficient solution.

43 I will hear parties on the issue of costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Ang Hsueh Ling Celeste, Clarence Ding Si-Liang, Lee Zhe Xu and Tan Yi Wei
Nicholas (Wong & Leow LLC) for the first and second plaintiffs, and the third
defendant in counterclaim;  
Chia Jin Chong Daniel, Ong Xuan Ning Christine and Tan Ei Leen (Coleman Street
Chambers LLC) for the first to fourth defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

