Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 265

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9178 of 2018/01

Between

Takaaki Masui

… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9179 of 2018/01

Between

Katsutoshi Ishibe

… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

Criminal Motion No 35 of 2019

Between

Katsutoshi Ishibe

… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

Criminal Motion No 36 of 2019

Between

Takaaki Masui

… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offence] — [Prevention of Corruption Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Takaaki Masui

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor and another appeal and other matters

[2020] SGHC 265

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 9178 of 2018/01 and 9179 of 2018/01 and
Criminal Motions Nos 35 and 36 of 2019 Chan Seng Onn J  
26 July 2019, 3, 24 February, 21 August 2020

2 December 2020 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The aim of all sentencing courts, without exception, is to arrive at an
appropriate sentence that befits the crime committed by the offender, after
having regard to all the relevant facts, circumstances and societal context
surrounding the offence. It is this infinite permutation of relevant
considerations that renders sentencing a fluid exercise, and which accords the
sentencing judge a degree of flexibility and autonomy in arriving at the
appropriate sentence. This appropriate sentence is not defined by a rigid
formula or a set of unyielding rules. Instead, the court’s discretion is
guided by broad general principles of sentencing.

2 In Singapore, the sentencing process is further aided by the recent
proliferation of sentencing guidelines and frameworks in our courts’
jurisprudence that guide, rather than restrict, the sentencing court’s
discretion. These judicial creations take a wide variety of forms and have
been applied to a wide assortment of offences. Constructed well, they are
tools that promote consistency and transparency in our criminal justice system
(amongst other aims), while reducing uncertainty and arbitrariness.
Constructed poorly, they may generate unintended gaps, discontinuities,
ceilings and/or minimum sentences which may result in incoherence and
uncertainty in the sentencing process.

3 When constructing frameworks and guidelines, the form that each framework or
guideline takes is secondary. What matters is its substantive content, and
whether it adheres to and abides by the broad general principles of
sentencing. The present appeals present an opportunity to revisit some of
these broad general principles of sentencing.

Facts

4 The present appeals concern one of Singapore’s largest private sector
corruption cases to date. The appellants, Takaaki Masui (“Masui”) and
Katsutoshi Ishibe (“Ishibe”), each faces 28 charges under s 6(a) read with s
29(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”) for
conspiring with one another to corruptly obtain bribes from one Koh Pee Chiang
(“Koh”) as an inducement for doing acts in relation to their employers’
affairs. After a 15-day trial, the District Judge (“DJ”) convicted them on all
charges. His decision can be found in Public Prosecutor v Katsutoshi Ishibe
and another [2018] SGDC 239 (“Decision”). The DJ sentenced each appellant to
66 months’ imprisonment and a penalty of S$1,025,701 (in default to serve six
months’ imprisonment) (Decision at [129], [132]).

5 The first charge for Masui is reproduced as follows:

You,

…

are charged that you, between 2002 and 2007, in Singapore, being an agent of
[Nissho Iwai International (Singapore) Ltd/ Sojitz Asia Pte Ltd] did abet by
engaging in a conspiracy with [Ishibe] to corruptly obtain from [Koh], trading
as Chia Lee & Co (“Chia Lee”), gratification as an inducement for doing acts
in relation to your principal’s affairs, to wit, by assisting Chia Lee to
advance its business interest with [Nissho Iwai International (Singapore) Ltd/
Sojitz Asia Pte Ltd], and in pursuance of the conspiracy and in order to the
doing of that thing, an act took place, to wit, sometime in February 2004, you
did receive $71,773 from the said [Koh], which act was committed in
consequence of your abetment and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 6(a) r/w Section 29(a) of the Prevention of
Corruption Act, Chapter 241.

6 The remaining 27 charges for Masui differ only in respect of: (a) the name
of the appellants’ principal as it was renamed after a corporate merger; (b)
the date on which the gratification was received; and (c) the amount of
gratification received. Ishibe, as the co-conspirator faced the same 28
charges, except that the individual receiving the gratification from Koh was
always Masui. For ease of reference, I refer to their respective charges as C1
to C28, with the understanding that each of these refers to one charge for
Masui and/or one charge for Ishibe, as the case may be, ie, that C1 represents
the first charge proceeded against Masui and/or Ishibe, as the case may be.

Procedural history

7 The appellants appealed against both their conviction and sentence, and
their appeals were heard over the course of four non-consecutive days between
26 July 2019 and 21 August 2020.

8 On 26 July 2019, I allowed Ishibe’s criminal motion in Criminal Motion No 35
of 2019 to adduce further evidence in the form of the original charges against
him dated 25 February 2015. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Certificate of Result of Criminal Motion 35 of 2019 dated 26 July 2019;
Certified Transcript dated 26 July 2019 at p 2, lines 3 – 5 and p 13, lines 2
– 3; Ishibe’s Affidavit in Support of Criminal Motion dated 17 July 2019 at
paras 9, 19.

I also allowed Masui’s criminal motion in Criminal Motion No 36 of 2019 to
adduce further evidence in the form of two versions of an email from Masui to
Koh dated 10 February 2004, an affidavit from a forensic consultant in respect
of the email and the original charges against him dated 25 February 2015. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Certificate of Result of Criminal Motion 36 of 2019 dated 26 July 2019;
Certified Transcript dated 26 July 2019 at p 3, lines 3 – 6 and p 13, lines 2
– 3; Masui’s Affidavit in Support of Criminal Motion dated 16 July 2019 at
para 5.

9 On 24 February 2020, after hearing the parties’ submissions and going
through the evidence in substantial detail, I upheld the DJ’s conviction on
all 28 charges. However, I amended the gratification quanta stated in the
appellants’ C21 from S$102,115 to S$86,275, and C25 from S$137,340 to
S$111,211. The total quantum of gratification received by the appellants is
thus S$2,009,433.

10 Since the DJ’s decision on 19 September 2018, the law on sentencing for
corruption offences has developed rapidly. Two new high court decisions on
this general subject were published by the time the hearing of these appeals
was completed: Hoo Sheau Peng J’s decision in PP v Tan Kok Ming Michael and
other appeals [2019] 5 SLR 926 (“Michael Tan”) which involved the corruption
of foreign public officials, and Sundaresh Menon CJ’s decision in Public
Prosecutor v Wong Chee Meng and another appeal [2020] SGHC 144 (“Wong Chee
Meng”) which laid down a sentencing framework for offences under s 6 read with
s 7 of the PCA. I will deal with the impact of these decisions as and when
they arise in the course of this judgment.

11 In line with these developments, the parties’ positions have also evolved
during these appeal proceedings. To avoid confusion, I have taken the latest
positions of the parties to be their final positions and will be referring to
them throughout the course of this judgment, unless otherwise stated.

Facts

12 Apart from the exact quantum of the gratification received by the
appellants, I am in agreement with the DJ’s findings of fact which can be
found at [8]–[73] of the Decision. As this judgment focuses on the appeals
against sentence, I shall only reproduce the salient facts as are necessary
for an appreciation of the issues on sentence. I will also explain my decision
to amend C21 and C25, and Ishibe’s new argument at the end of this section
(see [32] onwards).

Background facts relating to the conviction

13 At the material time, the appellants worked as employees of Nissho Iwai
Corporation (“Nissho Japan”), and following a merger between Nissho Japan and
another company in April 2004, as employees of Sojitz Corporation (“Sojitz
Japan”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s Submissions dated 16 July 2019 (“DPP Subs 1”) at para 7.

At various points in their careers with the Japan Company, the appellants were
seconded to Singapore to work for the wholly owned Singapore subsidiary of
Nissho Japan, namely, Nissho Iwai International (Singapore) Ltd (“Nissho
Singapore”). Following the abovementioned merger in April 2004, Nissho
Singapore was renamed Sojitz Asia Pte Ltd (“Sojitz Singapore”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Record of Proceedings for MA 9178/2018/01 and MA 9179/2018/01 (“ROP”) at p
917, lines 8 – 12.

For ease of reference, Nissho Japan and Sojitz Japan (of which Nissho Japan
became a part of after the merger) will be referred to collectively as the
“Japan Company” if the temporal dimension is not important; and Nissho
Singapore and Sojitz Singapore (the renamed entity after the merger) will be
referred to as the “Singapore Company”. At all times, the appellants were
agents of the Singapore Company and Japan Company.

14 The Japan Company is a trading company dealing in various commodities. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Masui’s Submissions dated 16 July 2019 (“Masui’s Subs 1”) at para 4.

Two of the products traded overseas by the Japan Company through its overseas
subsidiary, ie, the Singapore Company, are edible and industrial wheat flour,
the manufacturer and supplier of which is Nippon Flour Mills Co Ltd. (“Nippon
Flour Mills”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at paras 5 – 6.

Nippon Flour Mills would appoint its distribution agent for edible and
industrial flour through the Singapore Company. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ishibe’s Submissions dated 16 July 2019 (“Ishibe’s Subs 1”) at para 17(b).

15 Koh was the sole proprietor of Chia Lee & Co (“Chia Lee”), a longstanding
distributor of edible flour for the Singapore Company. From 1978 to 2002, Chia
Lee was the sole distributor of only edible flour for Nippon Flour Mills
(through Nissho Japan) in Singapore. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP at p 290, lines 13 – 16; ROP at p 829, lines 8 – 19.

16 Both appellants held senior roles in the Japan Company and Singapore
Company. Masui started work for Nissho Japan in 1987 and progressed up the
ranks. In April 2002, he was seconded to Singapore and was subsequently
entrusted with the role of General Manager of Nissho Singapore’s foodstuffs
department in January 2004. He left the Singapore office in February 2005.
After his return to Japan, he was promoted to General Manager of Sojitz
Japan’s foodstuffs department from April 2005 to September 2007. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP at p 94, line 7 to p 96, line 4; ROP at pp 1542 – 1543 (Exhibit P4-T:
Masui’s Resume).

There, he was responsible for the flour business in Japan and oversaw the
flour business globally. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP at p 103, line 22 to p 104, line 3.

Ishibe joined Nissho Japan in 1989. In October 2004, he was promoted to
Manager of Sojitz Japan’s foodstuffs department. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP at p 92, line 4 to p 93, line 12; ROP at pp 1539 – 1540 (Exhibit P3T:
Ishibe’s Resume).

Ishibe was responsible for, inter alia, the sale of flour to the Singapore
Company from the Japan Company 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP at p 352, lines 3 – 13

and thus signed off on various flour packing lists. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP at pp 2820, 2829, 2839 (Examples of packing lists).

17 In the course of their employment, the appellants were in charge of setting
the selling price of the edible flour, informing Koh (who was trading as Chia
Lee) of the market price and negotiating with him in relation to the edible
flour business. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP at p 289, line 18 to p 290, line 12.

18 Prior to 2002, the industrial flour distributor for Nippon Flour Mills was
a company called Sin Heng Chan. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP at p 829, lines 20 – 24; ROP at p 934, line 16 to p 935, line 4.

When Sin Heng Chan faced severe financial difficulties, Nissho Singapore
searched for an alternative industrial flour distributor. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP at p 941, line 20 to p 942, line 7; ROP at p 182, lines 13 – 21.

19 Sometime in 2002, the appellants approached Koh and asked him for a
“favour”. Specifically, they wanted Koh (and by extension, Chia Lee) to enter
the industrial flour business to sell industrial flour.

20 The appellants devised a scheme called the “profit-sharing arrangement”
which pertained solely to industrial flour. At that time, the expected profits
from the industrial flour business was US$23 per metric ton of industrial
flour. Koh would receive US$3 per metric ton while the remaining US$20 would
be passed to Masui who would then split it equally with Ishibe. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP at p 291, lines 10 – 21; DPP Subs 1 at para 9; Ishibe Subs 1 at paras
17(i) – (j).

The appellants agreed with each other that they would split the received
moneys equally. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 17(j).

The appellants claimed that their role was to find customers for industrial
flour and negotiate with them. Meanwhile, Koh would handle the administrative
paperwork, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at para 45.

such as presenting bills of lading to the customers and collecting payments
from them. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ishibe’s Subs 1 at paras 61 – 62; Masui’s Subs 1 at para 78; ROP at p 297,
lines 1 – 23.

21 Koh agreed and Chia Lee was subsequently appointed to replace Sin Heng Chan
as the industrial flour distributor. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at para 8.

This was in spite of the fact that in 2002, Koh had no expertise in the
industrial flour business, which operated in a markedly different fashion from
the edible flour business. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP at p 292, lines 7 –15; ROP at p 674, line 25 to p 675, line 2.

22 The profit-sharing arrangement began in 2002 and lasted till 2007. The last
payment from Koh to the appellants was made on 26 November 2007. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP at pp 44, 72 (Proceeded C28 for Masui and Ishibe respectively).

Pursuant to this scheme, the appellants accepted numerous payments from Koh.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at paras 9 and 46; Ishibe Subs 1 at paras 17(j), 27 – 28.

From February 2004 to 26 November 2007, there were 28 distinct payments which
formed the basis of Masui and Ishibe’s 28 charges under s 6(a) read with s
29(a) of the PCA. The total quantum of gratification received was reduced from
S$2,051,402 to S$2,009,433 (after I amended the amount of gratification
received in respect of the two charges referred to earlier at [9]).

23 The profit-sharing arrangement was a corrupt scheme devised by the
appellants to extract bribes (ie, gratifications) from Koh in return for them
continuing to “support and protect” Chia Lee’s edible flour business. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DPP Subs 1 at para 3.

24 Although Koh remained in the profit-sharing arrangement for close to six
years, this was not by choice. The appellants knew that Koh cherished Chia
Lee’s role as the sole distributor of edible flour for Nippon Flour Mills in
Singapore. Koh depended on it for his livelihood, but more than that, it
represented the sum of his life’s work. In Koh’s words: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP at p 807, lines 9 – 15.

At that time, 2002, it’s more than 20-over years. That is all my work, my very
hard work. How many 20 years in a lifetime? All these buyers of edible flour,
I source it [sic] myself. If I lost this one, I lost to earn a living [sic],
this business that is very important to me, especially edible flour.

25 The appellants used Chia Lee’s edible flour sole distributorship as both
carrot and stick to ensure Koh’s cooperation in the profit-sharing
arrangement. In essence, as long as Koh remained in the profit-sharing
arrangement, the appellants would safeguard Chia Lee’s position as the sole
distributor of edible flour in Singapore. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP at p 292, line 24 to p 293, line 8.

While the appellants were careful to mask their intention by calling it a
“favour”, Koh knew that if he did not comply with their demands, the
appellants might introduce new competitors who would sell edible flour in the
Singapore market, hence threatening Chia Lee’s dominant market position and
negatively affecting its business. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROP at p 377, line 13 to p 378, line 21.

When Koh sought to withdraw from the arrangement, the appellants explicitly
told him that if he did not wish to continue, “[they] may change other people
to do that”, and that they “will not continue to support and protect [Koh]
anymore” in respect of the edible flour business. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROP at p 300, line 17 to p 301, line 7.

These were threats that Koh took very seriously.

26 I list a few salient features of the “profit-sharing arrangement”.

(a) At trial, Koh’s consistent evidence was that the profit-sharing
arrangement was not profitable for him. Even in 2002, his share of the profits
(ie, at a fixed rate of US$3 per metric ton) barely covered the costs of doing
the industrial flour business. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP at p 298, lines 8 – 14.

(b) Over the years, the profits from the industrial flour business increased
from US$23 per metric ton to US$40, US$50 and even US$60 per metric ton. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP at p 299, lines 10 – 15.

Ironically, even though Chia Lee was the company handling the business, Koh’s
share of the profits remained constant (ie, at US$3 per metric ton). The
benefit of any increases in profits accrued solely to the appellants. Worse
still, Koh estimated that as the industrial flour business flourished, the tax
liability on the industrial flour business which fell directly on him and Chia
Lee, would increase correspondingly as well. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROP at p 300, lines 4 – 16.

(c) Koh was unable to extricate himself from the scheme, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROP at p 302, lines 7 – 10.

even when it became harmful to Chia Lee, and by extension, Koh who depended on
it for his livelihood. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROP at p 807, lines 13 – 15.

When he voiced his concerns about the scheme, the appellants threatened him
with the withdrawal of their support and protection for the edible flour
business. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROP at p 300, lines 17 – 25.

As a result, Koh felt that he had no choice but to continue his payments to
the appellants even when Chia Lee faced grave financial difficulties in 2005.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ROP at p 316, line 23 to p 317, line 5; ROP at p 377 line 8 - p 378, line 21.

27 By June 2005, it was clear to the appellants that Chia Lee was in parlous
financial straits. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROP p 1280, lines 11 – 13.

On 15 June 2005, the appellants transferred US$240,000 to Chia Lee. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DPP Subs 1 at paras 55 and 57.

The payment was meant to keep the struggling Chia Lee afloat so that their
corrupt scheme could continue. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DPP Subs 1 at para 55.

28 Nonetheless, Koh continued to make payments to the appellants up till 26
November 2007. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ROP at p 473, lines 4 – 7.

After November 2007, the global financial crisis negatively hit the industrial
flour industry. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ROP at p 471, line 16 to p 472, line 9.

Koh had no more money to pay the appellants and the profit-sharing arrangement
thus came to an end. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ROP at p 472, lines 6 – 9.

29 The profit-sharing arrangement was discovered by Sojitz Japan around end
2009. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at para 149.

Subsequently, on 26 February 2010, Sojitz Japan terminated the appellants’
employment. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ROP at p 5303 (Exhibit D15 – T, Ishibe’s Notice of Disciplinary Action); ROP
at p 5307 (Exhibit D17 – T, Masui’s Notice of Disciplinary Action).

30 Chia Lee continued being the sole distributor of edible flour for Nippon
Flour Mills until May 2015 when it ceased operations. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 17(a).

My decision on conviction

31 In this section, I will explain my decision to amend C21 and C25 and deal
with Ishibe’s new argument on appeal that he had only received US$50,000 from
the profit-sharing arrangement.

(1) The quantum of gratification received by the appellants

32 I begin by laying out how the bribes were quantified.

33 The DJ found that the appellants had received payments totalling
S$2,051,402 from Koh. This finding was based on photocopies of Koh’s
contemporaneous handwritten notes which listed various amounts earned from the
distribution of industrial flour and the sums paid to the appellants (Decision
at [19]–[25]).

34 On appeal, the appellants dispute the exact sums received from Koh on the
28 occasions that gave rise to their respective 28 charges, arguing that the
documentary records relied upon by the Prosecution to prove these sums were
incomplete and unreliable. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 125.

35 I should explain that the Prosecution framed the 28 charges against each
appellant with reference to several photocopied documents and Koh’s evidence.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions dated 5 November 2019 (“DPP Subs 2”) at paras
61 and 71.

The sequence of events as narrated by Koh is as follows: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at para 211.

(a) Koh would make contemporaneous handwritten records of the amounts earned
from the distribution of the industrial flour (“Handwritten Notes”). These
notes included his calculations of the amounts owed to the appellants and the
relevant USD/SGD exchange rates at the various points in time.

(b) Koh would then photocopy the original Handwritten Notes using the
“photocopy function” on his facsimile machine which then printed them out on
thermal paper (ie, exhibit P24). I refer to these as the “Thermal Paper
Records”.

(c) Koh would then hand over the amounts owed to Masui along with the original
copy of his Handwritten Notes.

(d) Subsequently further copies were made of these Thermal Paper Records (ie,
exhibits P21, P22, P23 and P26). I refer to these as the “Photocopied
Records”.

36 Counsel for Masui, Mr Nicolas Tang, embarked upon an extensive and
meticulous analysis of the Photocopied Records and argued that they do not
prove the amounts of gratification received by the appellants beyond a
reasonable doubt. His most convincing reasons were as follows:

(a) The Photocopied Records were not accurate reproductions of the Thermal
Paper Records. Pages were missing from the Photocopied Records, which also
included additional markings. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at para 213 – 217.

(b) The Photocopied Records could not be relied upon to prove that the
appellants received an aggregate sum of S$2,051,402. Koh testified that he
would refer to the invoices from the Singapore Company to Chia Lee to
determine the buying price of industrial flour, and to the invoices issued by
Chia Lee to the buyer to determine the selling price. While some of the
Photocopied Records could be verified by referring to those invoices, not all
the relevant invoices had been adduced during the trial. In respect of the
Photocopied Records in exhibit P26, there were no invoices nor any
calculations for the industrial flour transactions from 25 March 2006 to 26
November 2007. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at paras 218 – 226; Masui’s Further Submissions dated 15
October 2019 (Masui’s Subs 2) at para 54(b).

(c) The invoices from Chia Lee and the Singapore Company were unreliable. Koh
testified that the invoices from the Singapore Company (ie, to sell Chia Lee
the industrial flour) would always be generated earlier than the invoices
issued by Chia Lee (ie, to the buyers who purchased the shipment of industrial
flour from Chia Lee). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ROP at p 715, lines 8 – 12.

Koh agreed that the dates on the original handwritten notes would be the dates
on which he received payment from Chia Lee’s buyers for the industrial flour.
However, the Photocopied Records in P21, P22 and P23 sometimes predated the
dates reflected on those invoices. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at paras 227 – 233; Masui’s Subs 2 at para 54(d).

(d) Four of the Photocopied Records were visually unclear. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at para 234; Masui’s Subs 2 at para 54(a).

37 To corroborate the sums stated in the Photocopied Records, the Prosecution
adduced OCBC bank deposit slips to show that Koh deposited sums into Masui’s
OCBC bank account, and bank account statements from Chia Lee’s UOB account to
show that Koh withdrew sums of cash from Chia Lee’s UOB account to pay Masui.
In respect of this, Mr Tang pointed out that the OCBC deposit slips only
covered two payments from Koh to Masui on 7 April 2006 and 26 November 2007.
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at para 239.

38 Mr Tang also argued that there were gaps in Koh’s memory as he was also
unable to concretely identify which withdrawals from Chia Lee’s UOB bank
accounts were for the purpose of paying Masui, as reflected in the Photocopied
Records. Koh admitted that he would sometimes withdraw amounts in excess of
the sums that had to be paid to Masui for use as petty cash and to pay his
workers. He thus could not fully remember the purposes for each withdrawal
made. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at paras 243 – 249; Masui’s Subs 2 at paras 54(f) and (g).

It was also strange that Koh testified that the payments which were the
subject of C12 to C15 were “collected by Mr Masui” in cash when Masui was not
in Singapore during the relevant period. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at para 251; Masui’s Subs 2 at para 54(c).

39 In the light of the arguments raised by Mr Tang, I directed the Prosecution
to prepare a table of evidence (“Table of Evidence”) and allowed parties to
file supplementary submissions in respect of this. Subsequently, the
Prosecution filed two further table of profits (“the Tables of Profits”).

(a) The Table of Evidence summarised the testimonies of Koh, Masui and Ishibe
and listed the invoices and OCBC deposit slips which were available to
corroborate the stated quantum of gratification in each charge, along with the
relevant references to the Records of Appeal.

(b) The first Table of Profits concerned C1 to C18 and provided a breakdown
per charge of the amount of gratification that could be corroborated by
reference to Chia Lee’s invoices, the Singapore Company’s invoices, both types
of invoices and any further additions or deductions that ought to be made to
the various sums. This table also included an additional column listing sums
for which there was no corroborating documentary evidence.

(c) The second Table of Profits concerned C19 to C28 and listed the amounts
stated, the amounts withdrawn from Chia Lee’s bank account or deposited into
Masui’s bank account as reflected in the bank statements and Koh’s explanation
in respect of each charge.

40 On 24 February 2020, after reviewing the parties’ submissions and the
available evidence in substantial detail, I found that the Prosecution had
proved the amounts of gratification received by the appellants from Koh beyond
a reasonable doubt, except for C21 and C25 which were respectively amended to
reflect a lower amount of gratification received. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Minute Sheet dated 24 February 2020.

The appellants did not object to the amendment of C21 and C25.

(A) The quantum of gratification in the 28 charges generally

41 I agreed with the DJ that Koh gave a cogent and credible account of how the
Handwritten Notes and the Photocopied Records came to be created, which was
corroborated by objective evidence. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DPP Subs 1 at para 23.

Koh was able to explain the process of creating each Handwritten Note (see
above at [35]). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DPP Subs 2 at para 62.

Crucially, Koh was also able to explain the contents within each Handwritten
Note as reflected in the Photocopied Records. The Photocopied Records can be
split into two groups – those with calculations in P21, P22 and P23 (which
reflected the bribe quanta in C1 to C18) and those without calculations in P26
(which reflected the bribe quanta in C19 to C28).

42 First, Koh was able to explain the calculations within each of the
Photocopied Records in P21, P22 and P23 in extensive detail. I use the first
Photocopied Record (ie, the photocopy of the first Handwritten Note from which
the bribe quantum in C1 was derived) as an illustration of this. There were
four groups of transactions totaling S$71,773 (ie, the bribe quantum stated in
C1). Koh explained that: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

ROP at p 337, line 6 to p 340, line 14.

[Koh]: The date is the date that I collected the payment from the industrial
flour buyer and then, for example, number 1, "W" is OTW brand, one container,
and 143 is the selling price to the buyer, 118 is the buying price from Sojitz
and there is a profit of $25, and I less out $3. The profit is $22 times one
container, 18 metric tons, so it's US$396.

[DPP]: That's for the first transaction.

[Koh]: Yes.

[DPP]: We can see on this page, on the left-hand side, you have four
transactions and then you have a final number at the bottom. Can you tell us
how you come to this final number at the bottom? Do you need a calculator, Mr
Koh?

[Koh]: Yes. This is the total of the four transactions.

[DPP]: Again on the left-hand side of the page, the second-half of the page,
we see five transactions…Then a total number at the bottom. Can you explain.

[Koh]: Total -- this was for the -- I'm calculating this. It should be the
total of these five transactions. Yes, the total is 20,970, the five
transactions amount.

[DPP]: Then we go to the right-hand side of the page, the top half. There are
three transactions and a total number… Can you explain?

[Koh]: The three total amount is 9,810, three transactions total amount.

…

[DPP]: On the right-hand side of the page, the bottom half, there are five
transactions with a total number at the bottom.

…

[Koh]: The total amount is US$7,830. That is the five transactions total
amount.

[DPP]: Then we see all these four total amounts that you have identified. You
then drew arrows towards bottom left-hand side of the page and then you have
another number at the bottom. Can you explain that?

[Koh]: That is the total amount of the three lots of transactions there.

[DPP]: Is it three sets of transactions?

[Koh]: Three, plus the 2,000 -- it should be four. The first one is 20,970,
the second one is 9,810. The third one is 7,830 and the last one is 3,009.

…

[Koh]: … The total is 42,570.

…

[DPP]: Then we see the add sign and then 1.686?

[Koh]: 1.686 is, at that time, the foreign exchange rate at UOB Bank.

[DPP]: What foreign exchange rate?

[Koh]: US dollar.

…

[DPP]: What is the US dollar amount?

[Koh]: The US dollar amount is US$42,570.

[DPP]: You are saying you take US$42,570, you multiply by the exchange rate at
the time, and you get?

[Koh]: S$71,773.02.

[emphasis added in bold]

43 The sum of S$71,773 was the bribe quantum reflected in C1. As could be seen
from the bolded words, the calculation of this sum was in accordance with the
profit-sharing arrangement. The same process was repeated for each of the
other 17 charges. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See for example, ROP at p 360, line 10 to p 365, line 24 (C2); ROP at p 449,
line 5 to p 451, line 2 (C18).

During cross-examination, Masui agreed that the method of calculation in each
Photocopied Record correctly reflected the profit-sharing arrangement between
Koh and the appellants. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ROP at p 1199, lines 11 – 16; DPP Subs 2 at para 63.

44 For C1 to C18, Koh’s testimony and the Photocopied Records could be
corroborated partially by a mix of invoices from Chia Lee and the Singapore
Company. Using the Table of Evidence, the Prosecution pointed out that a total
of 306 transactions made up the 18 payments to the appellants (ie, the first
18 charges). Of these 306 transactions, 83% of them were corroborated by at
least one invoice (ie, 255 transactions) and 51% of them were corroborated by
both Chia Lee and Singapore Company’s invoices (ie, 155 transactions). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DPP Subs 2 at para 68.

I agreed with the Prosecution that taken as a whole, there was a high degree
of corroboration.

45 Second, in respect of the Photocopied Record in P26 (ie, corresponding to
C19 to C28), Koh provided a cogent explanation for why there were no
calculations but simply a list of sums passed to the Appellants: in June 2005,
Chia Lee was facing grave financial difficulties and Koh simply paid the
appellants whatever he could afford. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DPP Subs 2 at para 63; DPP Subs 1 at para 23(b).

As recognised by Mr Tang (see above at [37]), two of the sums listed in P26
were corroborated by the OCBC bank deposit slips which showed deposits into
Masui’s bank account on 7 April 2006 and 26 November 2007 (exhibit P27). These
two deposits of S$13,750 and S$82,900 were the same amounts reflected in the
C19 and C28.

46 In respect of the Defence’s argument that there were no bank records from
Chia Lee prior to 2005, Koh explained that the bank statements might have been
thrown away or lost when he shifted his warehouse. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ROP at pp 474, line 20 to p 475, line 4.

For C11 to C28 (excluding C19), Chia Lee’s bank records were available and Koh
was able to identify various withdrawals which corresponded to some of the
payments made to Masui. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Table of Evidence at pp 5 – 19.

47 While I noted the Defence’s argument that Koh was at times confused and
unable to recall details about specific withdrawals in Chia Lee’s bank
records, this was unsurprising given the voluminous number of transactions
which made up 28 different payments to the appellants and the fact that more
than 10 years had passed since the last payment and the first day of trial.
Furthermore, as the Prosecution rightly pointed out, Koh did not rely solely
on his memory when he identified various withdrawals in the bank statements,
but also referred to the exchange rates stated in the bank statements which
tallied with what he had recorded in the Handwritten Notes. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DPP Subs 2 at para 68; ROP at p 841, lines 5 – 13.

48 Ishibe’s counsel, Mr Sunil Sudheesan, submitted that the charges were not
made out because the Prosecution did not adduce a complete set of documents. A
complete set would mean: (a) signed invoices from Chia Lee; (b) invoices from
the Japan Company; (c) bank records showing the withdrawal of moneys by Koh
corresponding to each charge in terms of date and amount; and (d) Photocopied
Records or Handwritten Notes with legible writing inclusive of dates that
corresponded to the withdrawals and/or invoices. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DPP Subs 2 at para 57; Ishibe’s Further Submissions dated 15 October 2019
(“Ishibe’s Subs 2”) at para 7.

49 I disagreed. The Prosecution must prove the quantum of gratification in
each of the 28 charges beyond a reasonable doubt, but this did not mean that
the Prosecution had to produce a perfect set of evidence to prove it beyond
all doubt. It must be appreciated that the invoices, bank statements and
deposit slips served a corroborative purpose. The key evidence relied upon by
the Prosecution was the Photocopied Records and Koh’s explanation in respect
of them (see above at [35]). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DPP Subs 2 at para 60.

50 It will be obvious from the foregoing paragraphs that the mix of objective
records adduced by the Prosecution was capable of corroborating almost all the
values stated in the Photocopied Records such that they collectively
strengthened their reliability. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DPP Subs 2 at para 67.

51 Furthermore, as observed by the DJ, Koh was an honest witness, “readily
admitting when he was unable to recall, rather than fudge.” (Decision at
[23]). This gave his evidence (which was already corroborated) a ring of truth
and reinforced his credibility. In contrast, Masui, the direct recipient of
those moneys, was not a credible witness (Decision at [24]–[25]). He feigned
ignorance about the amounts received from Koh and claimed that he did not keep
records of the payments. He also asserted that he had never seen or received
the Handwritten Notes from Koh. When questioned on how he knew that Koh would
not short-change the appellants, Masui blithely claimed that he did not check.
This seemed illogical in the light of (a) Masui’s concession that it was
important to the appellants that Koh was keeping to his part of the agreement,
and (b) the appellants’ joint defence at trial that they had taken joint
responsibility for the risks of the industrial flour business and would use
the payments to them to cover these risks, if needed. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DPP Subs 1 at para 25.

52 On the whole, I accepted that the Prosecution had proved the values of the
bribe quanta in the individual charges (except C21 and C25) beyond a
reasonable doubt.

(I) The amended C21 and C25

53 C21 stated that Masui received S$102,115 from Koh on or about 12 July 2006.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

ROP at p 37.

This sum was reflected as US$65,000 in the Photocopied Record in exhibit P26
(USD/SGD exchange rate of 1/1.571 per the Photocopied Record). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

ROP at p 4144.

The only corroborative evidence in respect of this was Chia Lee’s bank account
statements from which Koh identified four withdrawals totalling S$101,734. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ROP at p 509, line 7 to p 510, line 18.

Koh also stated that he had approximately S$400 on hand which he used to make
up the sum of S$102,115. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

ROP at p 510, lines 15 – 18.

However, Chia Lee’s bank account statement stated that one of the four
withdrawals was made on 17 July 2006, five days after the purported payment in
C21. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

ROP at p 4181.

This withdrawal was of US$10,000 (ie, S$15,840). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

ROP at p 4181; Table of Profits for C19 – 28 at p 1.

54 C25 stated that Koh passed S$137,340 to Masui on or about 15 February 2007.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

ROP at p 41.

This sum was reflected as US$90,000 in the Photocopied Record in exhibit P26
(USD/SGD exchange rate of 1/1.576 as stated in the Photocopied Record). 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ROP at p 4145.

However, according to the Photocopied Record, the US$90,000 was transferred on
8 February 2007. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

ROP at 4145; Table of Profiles for C19 – 28 at p 2.

Again, the only corroborative evidence was Chia Lee’s bank account statements
from which Koh identified four withdrawals totalling $145,237 and stated that
he only paid $137,340 and had either kept the remainder or deposited it in the
SGD account for other uses. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

ROP at p 515, lines 2 – 22.

Crucially, the bank statement shows that one of the four withdrawals was made
on 13 February 2007, five days after the purported payment in the Photocopied
Record. This withdrawal was of US$17,000 (ie, $26,129). 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ROP at p 4194; Table of Profits for C19 – 28 at p 2.

55 Given that the two abovementioned withdrawals occurred after the date
reflected in either the charge or the documentary evidence, I was unable to
accept that they should be factored into the gratification sums in the
charges. I thus deducted the two withdrawals from the respective gratification
quantum in C21 and C25. This gave sums of $86,275 and $111,211 respectively.

56 The total gratification quantum was thus reduced from $2,051,402 to
$2,009,433. A breakdown of the total gratification quantum is set out at [303]
below.

(2) Ishibe’s claimed receipt of only US$50,000 from Masui

57 During the trial, it was common ground between the appellants that Koh
always passed the money directly to Masui who would then split it equally with
Ishibe.

58 On appeal, Ishibe advanced a new position. He claimed that while there was
an agreement to split the moneys equally, he had no knowledge of the true sum
passed to Masui and had in fact only received US$50,000. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 28.

As proof of this, Ishibe pointed to his long statements given to officers from
the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) on 12 March 2012 and 29
July 2013, and Masui’s statement to CPIB officers on 12 March 2013 that Masui
passed “$50,000 to Ishibe”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 28; Ishibe’s Further Submissions dated 11 August 2020
(“Ishibe’s Subs 3) at para 7.

Ishibe added that there was no objective evidence of the exact sum that Ishibe
had received from Masui. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Ishibe’s Subs 1 at paras 133 – 134.

59 I did not accept this argument. During the trial below, the appellants had
run their defences on the basis that they had split the moneys equally, as per
their agreement. Interestingly, when the sum of US$50,000 was brought up by
the Prosecution, this was in the context of exploring inconsistencies between
Ishibe’s testimony in court and the version of events given in his CPIB
statements. Ishibe’s response was telling and worth reproducing in full: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ROP at p 1042, line 13 to p 1043, line 10.

[DPP]: I'd like you to look at the statement that I've already tendered, the
statement that you gave to the CPIB on 12 March 2012, at paragraphs 20 and 21.
At paragraph 20, you state that you received only $50,000 from Mr Masui.

…

[DPP]: and at paragraph 21 you say that whatever money you received: "... the
total amount of USD50,000 was used by me for entertainment and transport
expenses for my work done for Sojitz Corporation in Japan." Isn't this
materially inconsistent with your evidence in court that you kept some of the
money for covering the losses?

[Ishibe]: Yes, there is a difference.

[DPP]: It's different. Which one is the truth? The one that you told to the
CPIB or the one that you are saying in court today?

[Ishibe]: First of all, the amount of US$50,000, there is no record, so this
is not accurate number – accurate figure …

[emphasis added in bold]

60 A few minutes later, Ishibe said that the sum of US$50,000 was a net figure
that he was left with after covering the losses from the profit-sharing
arrangement, but added that “[i]f you ask me that this amount is [a] hundred
per cent correct, I am not confident”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ROP at p 1045, line 23 to p 1046, line 4.

61 Furthermore, it was stated in their joint mitigation plea that “[i]t is
also undisputed that Ishibe and Masui shared whatever money received from Koh
equally with each other”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

ROP at p 5400, para 23.

62 In Mohd Suief bin Ismail v Public Prosecutor [2016] 2 SLR 893, the Court of
Appeal clarified that an accused person is, strictly speaking, not precluded
from relying upon a defence that is raised for the first time on appeal.
However, the appellate court will have regard only to the evidence which had
been led at the trial itself to ascertain whether that defence was reasonably
available on the evidence before the court at the trial (at [25]).
Accordingly, the “defence” that Ishibe only received US$50,000 was not
available to Ishibe on appeal as it was unsupported (and in fact,
contradicted) by his own testimony and position at trial.

63 On the face of the evidence, I found no reason to disagree with the finding
of the DJ that the appellants split the bribe moneys equally. I will return to
this point later for my decision on the appropriate penalty order.

The DJ’s decision on sentence

64 The DJ found it appropriate to adopt a sentencing framework for corruption
offences under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA (Decision at [81]) and adopted a
sentencing band approach modelled after the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ng
Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”)
(Decision at [85]). This comprised four broad steps (Decision at [86] –
[111]):

(a) Step 1: Identify the significant offence-specific factors, such as the
triggering of the public service rationale, premeditation, and abuse of trust
and confidence.

(b) Step 2: Classify the offence into one of the four sentencing bands based
on the number of significant offence-specific factors present, and their
severity, to derive the indicative starting point sentence within the relevant
sentencing band. The sentencing bands set out by the DJ were as follows
(Decision at [102]):

Band| Sentence| Offence-specific factors  
---|---|---  
1| Fine| Less than 2  
2| Up to 1 year’s imprisonment| 2 or more  
3| 1 to 3 years’ imprisonment| 4 or more  
4| 3 to 5 years’ imprisonment| 6 or more  
  
(c) Step 3: Adjust the indicative starting point sentence to account for
offender-specific factors, such as a plea of guilt or criminal antecedents.

(d) Step 4: Adjust the sentence to take into account the totality principle
where an offender faced multiple charges, to ensure that the global sentence
was not crushing.

65 The DJ referred to the decision of Menon CJ in Public Prosecutor v Syed
Mostofa Romel [2015] 3 SLR 1166 (“Romel”), which dealt with private sector
corruption. By way of background, Menon CJ identified, for the purposes of
sentencing, three categories of cases concerning three different ways by which
private sector corruption could manifest (at [26]). In the first category, the
receiving party confers a benefit on the paying party, without regard to
whether the paying party ought properly to have received the benefit. In the
second category, the receiving party forbears from doing what he was duty
bound to do, and thus confers a benefit on the paying party. In the third
category, the receiving party forbears from inflicting harm on the paying
party, even though there may be no lawful basis for such harm to be inflicted.
This analytical tool devised by Menon CJ is commonly known, and shall be
referred to in this judgment, as the “Romel categories” (for further
elaboration, see [A.10] below). Consequently, when I am referring to the Romel
categories, I will use the terminology “Romel category 1/2/3”, as the case may
be. The DJ found that the appellant’s conduct fell within Romel category 3 as
their corrupt scheme interfered with, and deprived Koh of, his legitimate
rights. The DJ identified five offence-specific factors (Decision at
[112]–[113]): (a) high quantum of gratification; (b) sustained period of
offending; (c) heightened culpability of Masui and Ishibe as the masterminds
behind the corrupt transactions; (d) significant abuse of trust and authority;
and (e) premeditation.

66 The DJ imposed the following starting point sentences (Decision at [121]):

(a) 12 months’ imprisonment for charges where the amount of gratification was
less than $30,000;

(b) at least 12 months’ imprisonment for charges where the amount of
gratification ranged from $30,000 to $50,000;

(c) at least 15 months’ imprisonment for charges where the amount of
gratification was more than $50,000 to $100,000;

(d) at least 18 months’ imprisonment for charges where the amount of
gratification was more than $100,000.

67 There were no offender-specific factors which warranted a downward
adjustment of the individual starting point sentences (Decision at [122]).
After considering the totality principle, the DJ ordered the sentences for
four charges C2, C6, C25 and C27 to run consecutively for both appellants,
resulting in a sentence of 66 months’ imprisonment (Decision at [127]–[128]).
As the total gratification involved was $2,051,402, he also ordered Masui and
Ishibe to each pay a penalty of $1,025,701 (in-default six months’
imprisonment) under s 13 of the PCA.

Parties’ cases on the appeal against sentence

68 The Prosecution puts forth a five-step sentencing framework modelled after
the two-stage, five-step framework adopted in the case of Logachev Vladislav v
Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 609 (“Logachev”) (as developed in Wong Chee
Meng ([10] supra)) which applies to cases under ss 6(a) and (b) of the PCA
(“Logachev framework”). Applying its proposed framework, it submits that the
sentences and penalties imposed on the appellants are eminently justified on
the facts. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Prosecution’s Submissions dated 11 August 2020 (“DPP Subs 3”) at paras 4 – 5.

69 Masui argues against the imposition of a sentencing framework for
corruption offences under s 5 or s 6 of the PCA. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Masui Submissions dated 11 August 2020 (“Masui’s Subs 3”) at para 2(a).

He submits that his sentence is manifestly excessive as the DJ had misapplied
the sentencing band framework by double counting the offence-specific factors
and failing to account for offender-specific factors. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Masui’s Subs 1 at para 319(c).

An appropriate sentence would be one that is less than the 98-week
imprisonment term imposed on the offender in Public Prosecutor v Leng Kah Poh
[2014] 4 SLR 1264 (“Leng Kah Poh”) who had solicited and received bribes worth
$2,341,508. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at paras 78, 81.

Masui avers that the penalty imposed by the DJ is erroneous and ought not to
exceed $500,525.23 as certain sums ought to be deducted (see [323] below). 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at para 112.

70 Ishibe agrees with Masui. Having regard to the precedents, Ishibe argues
that a fair sentence would be 12 months’ imprisonment (approximately 52
weeks). 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Ishibe Subs 1 at para 157; Ishibe Subs 3 at para 14.

In respect of the penalty, Ishibe was originally aligned with Masui in seeking
the deduction of various sums from the penalty. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Ishibe Subs 1 at paras 146 – 150.

However, he subsequently argues that the penalty imposed on him should not
exceed US$50,000 given that Masui had only passed him US$50,000. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Ishibe Subs 3 at para 8.

71 Interestingly, although Ishibe had initially proposed the adoption of a
sentencing framework based on the Logachev framework which, save for the way
in which the indicative starting sentences were calibrated, appeared to be
identical to the Prosecution’s current framework, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Ishibe Subs 1 at para 136 – 138.

Ishibe’s counsel indicated orally during the final hearing on 21 August 2020
that Ishibe no longer takes the position that a sentencing framework is
necessary at all for corruption offences. I note however that Ishibe’s counsel
had previously undertaken a graphical analysis showing how sentences in
corruption cases varied according to the value of the bribes in order to
illustrate that the sentences imposed by the DJ are manifestly excessive when
compared to similar cases.

Summary of issues

72 Bearing the above in mind, the following issues fall for my determination
in the appeals against sentence:

(a) First, is it appropriate to develop a sentencing framework for corruption
offences under the PCA?

(b) Second, assuming that the first question is answered in the affirmative,
what type of framework should be employed and why?

(c) Third, what should the appropriate framework be?

(d) Fourth, applying the framework, what is the appropriate sentence for each
appellant?

(e) Fifth, what is the appropriate penalty under s 13 of the PCA?

(f) Sixth, whether this is a case suitable for prospective overruling?

Relevant legal principles

73 Before turning to the specific issues raised, it is useful to make some
general observations about corruption offences under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the
PCA which penalise corrupt transactions with agents.

74 The relevant legal provisions are as follows:

Punishment for corrupt transactions with agents

6\. If —

(a) any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or attempts to
obtain, from any person, for himself or for any other person, any
gratification as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having done or forborne to do, any act in relation to his principal’s affairs
or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any
person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business;

(b) any person corruptly gives or agrees to give or offers any gratification
to any agent as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having done or forborne to do any act in relation to his principal’s affairs
or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any
person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business; or

…

he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or
to both.

75 Section 6 of the PCA dates back to the original enactment of the PCA, ie,
the old Prevention of Corruption Ordinance 1960 (No 39 of 1960). It predates
the wider s 5 of the PCA which criminalises corruption generally and was
introduced in 1960 as a means of “providing wider powers to combat corruption”
(Song Meng Choon Andrew v Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 1090 (“Andrew Song”)
at [34]). Sections 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA have remained largely unchanged
since 1960.

76 There is currently no case in Singapore that sets out a general sentencing
framework for the simpliciter offences under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. I
should clarify that I use the term “sentencing framework” in the narrow sense,
ie, a framework that explains how the legislatively mandated sentencing
spectrum of imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years and/or a fine not
exceeding $100,000 ought to be spread out across the myriad fact scenarios
that come within the ambit of ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA.

77 At present, our sentencing courts have been guided by the landmark decision
of Romel ([65] supra) which laid down the Romel categories. This useful
analytical tool has helped our sentencing courts to broadly assess the type
and seriousness of corruption disclosed in a case of private sector corruption
(see [65] above).

78 In the absence of a general sentencing framework, our courts have typically
approached sentencing in corruption cases under both ss 5 and 6 of the PCA by
having regard to past cases which have identified a number of categories and
factors pertinent to the sentencing process (see Wong Chee Meng ([10] supra)
at [50] and Michael Tan ([10] supra) at [105]).

79 From the case law on corruption offences generally (ie, under ss 5, 6 and 7
of the PCA), it can be observed that there are four broad categories of
corruption:

(a) Category 1: Corruption in the public sector which involves government
servants or officers of public bodies. A custodial sentence is the norm for
such cases in the light of the strong public interest in stamping out
corruption in the public sector (see Romel at [15], Wong Chee Meng at [60]).

(b) Category 2: Corruption in the private sector which engages the public
service rationale. For clarity, this refers to the “public interest in
preventing a loss of confidence in Singapore’s public administration”. This
sentencing principle is presumed to apply in cases of public sector corruption
but has been extended to cases where private agents handle public money,
supply public services or are involved in government contracts. This category
also includes private sector offences that concern regulatory or oversight
roles such a marine surveying (see Ang Seng Thor [2011] 4 SLR 217 (“Ang Seng
Thor”) at [33(c)] citing Lim Teck Chye [2004] 2 SLR(R) 525 (“Lim Teck Chye”)
at [66]–[68], and Romel at [24]). In such cases, a custodial sentence is often
the norm (Ang Seng Thor at [33(d)] and Romel at [24]).

(c) Category 3: Corruption in the private sector which does not engage the
public service rationale, ie, private sector agents performing purely
commercial functions. I refer to this category as “purely private sector
corruption”. While there is no norm in favour of non-custodial sentences in
private sector corruption cases, the general trend indicates that where
private sector agents performing purely commercial functions are concerned,
offences which register a lower level of overall criminal culpability may be
dealt with through the imposition of fines. However, our courts have
repeatedly stressed that whether or not the custody threshold is breached will
depend greatly on the “specific nature of corruption” [emphasis in original]
that presents itself on the facts (see Romel at [20], Michael Tan at [64]).
Examples of cases falling within this category include corruption that results
in the loss of confidence in strategic industries such as bunkering or
maritime industry (see Ang Seng Thor at [34], and Heng Tze Yong v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 576 (“Heng Tze Yong”) at [39]), the corruption of
foreign public officials (see Michael Tan generally and at [72], [108]).

(d) Category 4: Corruption cases for which there are established sentencing
guidelines. This is an open category that has been included to accommodate any
present and future judgments that provide sentencing guidelines tailored to a
specific type of fact scenario. At present, the only types of cases falling
within this category are: (a) those relating to sports-betting and match-
fixing (see Ding Si Yang v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR
229 (“Ding Si Yang”); and (b) cases involving offenders prosecuted under s 6
read with s 7 of the PCA (see Wong Chee Meng).

For the avoidance of doubt, these categories are distinct from the “Romel
categories” (see [65] above).

80 Focussing on Category 4, it is pertinent to note that while our courts do
typically have regard to precedents when sentencing corrupt offenders, there
are in fact only two existing sentencing frameworks for corruption offences.

81 In the recent case of Wong Chee Meng, Menon CJ laid down a sentencing
framework which applies solely to aggravated offences under s 6 read with s 7
of the PCA (at [61]). This framework is modelled after the two-stage, five-
step Logachev framework. In his judgment, Menon CJ took pains to caution that
this framework cannot be “adapted for use with the basic offence under s 6
simply by making … a downward adjustment to the indicative sentencing ranges
to account for the lower sentencing range prescribed by the statute”. This is
because the public service rationale will be implicated in virtually all cases
falling under the aggravated offence under ss 6 and 7 of the PCA, while the
same cannot be said for the simpliciter offence under s 6 of the PCA (at
[60]).

82 At first glance, the framework in Wong Chee Meng ([10] supra) appears to be
a general framework as it applies to all offences under s 6 read with s 7 of
the PCA. This may include offences under both Categories 1 and 2, if the
offender is convicted under ss 5 or 6 read with s 7. It is also included in
Category 4 because: (a) s 7 of the PCA is a punishment enhancement provision
that increases the maximum imprisonment term under ss 5 or 6 of the PCA from 5
to 7 years; and (b) it only applies in the specific situation where the
offence under ss 5 or 6 of the PCA takes place in relation to contracts with
the Government or other public bodies (at [48]). The Wong Chee Meng framework
is thus a narrow one when one considers the wide breadth of fact scenarios in
which corruption offences may be committed.

83 In Ding Si Yang ([79(d)] supra), I formulated a narrow sentencing framework
which applies only in the specific scenario of football match-fixers convicted
under s 5 of the PCA.

84 It is not difficult to understand why our courts have, thus far, declined
to devise a general sentencing framework for all simpliciter corruption
offences under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA.

85 First, while there is a degree of overlap between ss 5 and 6 of the PCA,
they are distinct offence creating provisions. Section 5 punishes corruption
generally and is of a much wider ambit than s 6, the latter of which focuses
on punishing agents who have allowed their loyalty to their principal to
become suborned through the corrupt receipt of gratification. Different
sentencing considerations may thus be relevant depending on which section the
offender is charged under (see Wong Chee Meng at [59], citing Andrew Song
([75] supra) at [31]).

86 Second, focussing more narrowly on ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA, these two
provisions will still cover a wide variety of factual scenarios. While “[t]he
fact that corruption occurs in a wide variety of circumstances does not, in
and of itself, preclude the adoption of a sentencing framework”, it cannot be
denied that “[t]he wide variety of acts caught by ss 5 and 6 of the PCA would
make [the] crafting of a single sentencing framework applicable to all such
offences an extremely challenging task” [emphasis in original] (Wong Chee Meng
([10] supra) at [56] and Michael Tan ([10] supra) at [104]).

87 I end this section with a brief observation that the Prosecution had
originally proposed the adoption of a general sentencing framework under ss 5
and 6 of the PCA. In the light of Wong Chee Meng, it no longer maintains this
position and instead argues in favour of a general sentencing framework under
ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. It is to this question that I now turn.

Issue 1: The appropriateness of a sentencing framework

88 In my judgment, the time has come for this court to lay down a sentencing
framework for offences under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. This framework will
be limited to cases of purely private corruption, ie, Category 3, as defined
above at [79(c)].

89 In coming to my decision, I have had regard to a long list of approximately
50 precedents involving around 160 individual charges compiled by the
Prosecution and supplemented by the Defence. This list represents the majority
of the available written decisions on corruption under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA
in Singapore.

90 First, given the broad variety of ways in which corruption may manifest
itself, a sentencing framework will provide guidance for sentencing courts as
to the appropriate sentence in novel or unusual fact scenarios where there are
no analogous precedents. Having reviewed the abovementioned list of
precedents, I am of the view that the present case is indeed one where there a
dearth of analogous precedents. The only other cases involving similarly high
aggregate bribe quantum are Leng Kah Poh ([69] supra) and Public Prosecutor v
Andrew Tee Fook Boon [2011] SGHC 192. However, these cases can be
distinguished on the facts given the egregious conduct of the appellants in
abusing their position to extract bribes by threatening Koh. The present case
falls within Romel category 3 for which there are few available precedents,
and no precedents involving such a high aggregate bribe quantum. Given the
lack of analogous precedents, I am thus persuaded that a sentencing framework
will help me to determine if the sentences imposed by the DJ are indeed
manifestly excessive, and if so, to derive appropriate sentences for the
appellants.

91 Second, a sentencing framework will be beneficial for achieving broad
consistency in sentencing for purely private sector corruption cases. The word
“consistency” here is used in two senses: (a) consistency in methodology; and
(b) consistency in sentencing outcome. The former requires sentencing courts
to apply a methodology that is broadly consistent when faced with a particular
type of case. This needs no further elucidation as it has been amply explained
in Wong Chee Meng ([10] supra) at [56]–[57].

92 The latter requires that a sentencing court arrives at broadly the same
outcome for the sentences imposed irrespective of the methodology applied
given the same equivalent set of facts. Consistency in sentencing outcome
requires that all things being equal, sentencing courts faced with two very
similar cases should arrive at broadly similar outcomes, irrespective of the
methodology used. This is ideal. But the reality is that different
methodologies are likely to give rise to different sentencing outcomes, thus
the need for a sentencing framework. If the same methodology is applied (as in
a sentencing framework prescribed for a particular type of offences), it is
more likely for the same sentencing outcome to be reached, provided always
that the methodology (ie, the sentencing framework) is well-defined and does
not itself lead to different sentencing outcomes when applied to the same set
of facts. If it does, then the methodology or the sentencing framework itself
needs refinement.

93 Focusing on the latter, I agree with the Prosecution that there are
inconsistencies in the case law. For example, in Public Prosecutor v Ng Sing
Yuen [2007] SGDC 203 (upheld in Magistrate’s Appeal No 37 of 2007), a sentence
of eight months’ imprisonment was imposed for a charge involving $100,000 with
aggravating factors like a breach of trust and persistent and sustained
offending. Meanwhile in Leng Kah Poh, a charge involving $86,000 with similar
aggravating factors only attracted 14 weeks’ imprisonment (or approximately
3.23 months’ imprisonment at 4.33 weeks/month).

94 I acknowledge that full consistency is not possible given that: (a) no two
cases are identical on the facts; and (b) a measure of discretion is accorded
to sentencing judges in arriving at an appropriate sentence. That said, I
believe that a prescribed sentencing framework will help sentencing courts to
achieve a broadly consistent sentencing outcome. First, it will help the court
to understand where a particular offender falls within the spectrum of the
severity of offending. Second, it will enable the court, prosecutors and
defence counsel to weed out precedent cases with sentencing outcomes that are
wildly inconsistent with the general trend of similar cases. Third, it will
cause sentencing courts to apply the same broad methodology, barring
exceptional circumstances.

The scope of the sentencing framework

95 It is not appropriate at this juncture to lay down a general sentencing
framework that deals with all categories of corruption for all offences under
ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA.

96 First, the development of a framework that pertains only to purely private
sector corruption is in line with the nuanced context-specific approach that
our sentencing courts have taken over the course of the past 80 years, ie, in
developing lines of case law applicable to the various broad contexts in which
corruption occurs (see Michael Tan ([10] supra) at [108]).

97 In this regard, I disagree with the Prosecution’s submission that it is
“unclear” if a context-specific framework will be in line with the legislative
intention behind ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA given that Parliament has
legislated for a single offence-creating provision with a single sentencing
spectrum. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DPP Subs 3 at para 29(a).

No authority is cited for this proposition, which ignores the fact that the
same context-specific approach has been used by our courts for a variety of
offences. Under s 338(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal
Code”) which deals with negligent offenders who cause grievous hurt, the High
Court in Tang Ling Lee v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 813 laid down a
sentencing framework that applies only to cases involving traffic accidents.

98 The utility of the context-specific approach lies precisely in its ability
to recognise that certain aggravating (or mitigating) factors may take on
exceptional weight in specified contexts. The context-specific approach is
best applied in cases where the offence-creating provision is worded so
broadly as to encompass a wide variety of factual situations.

99 Second, the weight that our courts have placed on the public service
rationale may well mean that any sentencing framework will have to be applied
differently based on the absence or presence of such factors (see Wong Chee
Meng ([10] supra) at [60] in respect of the public service rationale).

100 In any event, the present appeals concern a case of purely private sector
corruption. It is not necessary for me to formulate a general sentencing
framework under ss 6(a) and 6(b) to come to a determination on the present
appeals against sentence. As such, the framework that I set out below concerns
only cases involving purely private sector corruption under ss 6(a) and 6(b)
of the PCA. I leave open the question of a general sentencing framework for
corruption offences for a future court.

Issue 2: The type, form and design of a sentencing framework

The parties’ submissions on the possible frameworks

101 In the course of these appeals, various models of sentencing have been put
forth by the parties. They are alternately described as “sentencing
guidelines” and “sentencing frameworks”.

102 For conceptual clarity, where the expression “sentencing guideline” is
used in this judgment, it will refer to a court’s guidance as to the
presumptive sentences that should be imposed for the commission of an offence
in defined factual scenarios (see Terence Ng ([64] supra) at [25]).

103 A sentencing framework as defined above at [76] is a type of sentencing
guideline that explains how the entire statutory range of sentences for a
particular offence ought to be spread across the myriad fact scenarios that
fall under the offence-creating provision. Sentencing frameworks, as a form of
sentencing guideline, can be contrasted with another form of sentencing
guideline called sentencing “benchmarks”, in which the court identifies an
archetypal case (or a series of archetypal cases) and the sentence which
should be imposed in such a case. An example of a benchmark sentencing
guideline can be found in Wong Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor [2009] 1 SLR(R)
115. There, the High Court found that the benchmark sentence for an
uncontested charge of assaulting a public transport worker under s 323 of the
Penal Code is 4 weeks’ imprisonment (see Terence Ng at [31]–[32]).

104 The parties’ proposed models take the form of sentencing frameworks.

The five-step sentencing framework (harm-culpability matrix)

105 The Prosecution proposes a five-step sentencing framework modelled on the
two-stage, five-step Logachev framework. This framework applies to determine
the sentence (per charge) for an offender who claims trial to offence(s) under
ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. As in Logachev ([68] supra), the framework can
broadly be split into two stages.

106 At the first stage (“Stage 1”), the court has regard to the severity of
the offence committed by having regard to all the offence-specific factors
present on the facts of the case and arrives at an indicative sentence to
reflect it. Offence-specific factors are those which relate to the manner and
mode in which the offence was committed as well as the harm caused to the
victim or to the wider society. The offence-specific factors can be further
grouped into factors that go towards the harm caused by the offence and the
offender’s culpability (see Terence Ng ([64] supra) at [39], Logachev at
[34]–[36]). In this sense, the overall severity of the offence is determined
by the interaction between factors that separately go towards (a) harm, and
(b) culpability.

107 At the second stage (“Stage 2”), the court considers all the offender-
specific factors to derive a sentence for each individual charge. These are
aggravating and mitigating factors that are personal to the offender. They do
not relate directly to the commission of the offence but rather, to the
personal circumstances of the offender (see Terence Ng at [39], Logachev at
[34]–[36]), eg, a plea of guilt. In that regard, the offence-specific factors
and offender-specific factors are generally treated as being mutually
exclusive in nature.

108 The five steps of the Prosecution’s sentencing framework are as follows:
99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DPP Subs 3 at para 54.

(a) Step 1: Identify the offence-specific factors that go towards harm and
culpability. Culpability, as assessed by the manner, mode and extent of the
offender’s involvement in the criminal act, is a measure of his relative
blameworthiness. Harm is a measure of the injury caused to the society by the
commission of the offence.

(b) Step 2: Identify the applicable indicative sentencing range having regard
to the prescribed sentencing range in a sentencing matrix based on the two
elements of “harm” and “culpability” (ie, the harm-culpability matrix). The
available indicative sentencing ranges set out in the sentencing matrix fall
within the spectrum of punishment prescribed by Parliament for ss 6(a) and
6(b) of the PCA.

(c) Step 3: Identify the appropriate indicative starting point for the
sentence (“indicative sentence” or “indicative starting sentence” being used
and referred to hereafter interchangeably) within the indicative sentencing
range identified in Step 2, as determined by an examination of the offence-
specific factors.

(d) Step 4: Make adjustments to the indicative starting sentence to account
for offender-specific factors.

(e) Step 5: Make further adjustments to the individual sentences, if
necessary, to take into account the totality principle.

109 Steps 1 to 3 fall under Stage 1, Step 4 falls under Stage 2 and Step 5
relates to the determination of the final sentence per charge after the court
considers the number of sentences of imprisonment to be run consecutively or
concurrently for all the charges and the overall imprisonment sentence to be
imposed on the offender having regard to the totality principle.

110 There is no substantial dispute in relation to the relevance of the
offence and offender-specific factors listed out by the Prosecution and I will
not go through them here. Instead, I focus on the determination of the
indicative starting sentence.

111 The Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix is reproduced below (with a mere
re-arrangement of the layout of the boxes to reflect increasing harm from the
left to the right boxes; and increasing culpability from the bottom to the top
boxes and with no change whatsoever to the content or indicative sentencing
range specified in each of the boxes). The general manner of spreading out the
sentences by the Prosecution is typical of many of such matrices found in
precedent cases setting out similar harm-culpability matrices.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 1: Prosecution's proposed harm-culpability matrix

112 I previously mentioned that Ishibe had also initially proposed the
adoption of a sentencing framework modelled on the Logachev framework. As
Ishibe did not delve into the specifics of the structure of his framework in
his submissions, I can only assume that Ishibe’s proposed harm-culpability
matrix operates in a similar fashion to the Prosecution’s framework but only
differs in respect of the sentencing range prescribed for each box in his
proposed matrix. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Ishibe Subs 1 at paras 136 – 138.

113 Ishibe’s harm-culpability matrix is reproduced as follows:

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 2: Ishibe's proposed harm-culpability matrix

The graphical analysis

114 In addition to the five-step Logachev framework, Ishibe also undertook a
graphical analysis to broadly show that the sentences imposed by the DJ are
manifestly excessive when compared to other precedents involving high amounts
of gratification. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Ishibe’s Executive Summary dated 26 July 2020 (“Ishibe’s Executive Summary”).

115 Ishibe collated 13 corruption precedents under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA and
plotted the total gratification received in those cases against the eventual
imprisonment sentence passed on the offender. The graphs are designed to show
the very broad correlation between the overall bribe quanta as a principal
determinant of sentence (ie, the independent variable) and the indicative
sentence (ie, the dependent variable). Ishibe was not trying to use his graphs
to assist in determining an appropriate final sentence for himself based on
the total bribe quantum involved in the present appeals.

116 I have not reproduced Ishibe’s graphs as they contain outdated cases (see,
for example, the sentence of the offender in Public Prosecutor v Gursharan
Kaur Sharon Rachel [2018] SGDC 217 which was recently enhanced on appeal in
Michael Tan ([10] supra) at [161]–[162]), and cases involving public sector
corruption. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Ishibe’s Executive Summary at Annex C, p 5 s/n 9.

Nonetheless, I bear in mind this approach as a possible sentencing framework
for purely private sector corruption under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA.

117 The last sentencing framework is the sentencing band framework employed by
the DJ. After Hoo J’s decision in Michael Tan, it is clear that this approach
is unsuitable for corruption offences under the PCA (Michael Tan at
[106]–[108]), and I say no more about it

118 There are thus two proposed sentencing frameworks for my consideration in
these appeals, ie, the graphical analysis premised on bribe quantum and the
harm-culpability matrix.

A general discussion on the construction of a sentencing guideline or
framework

119 I begin with a general discussion on the structure, form and design of a
sentencing guideline, focussing on the sentencing framework model and the
principles that need to be adhered to in order to achieve as much consistency
as possible in the sentencing outcomes when the same framework is being
applied to the same fact situations.

120 In Singapore, the task of issuing sentencing guidelines falls on the
judiciary, rather than an executive body specially constituted for this
purpose. As was observed by the Court of Appeal in Terence Ng ([64] supra) at
[26], there are many forms of sentencing guidelines such as the benchmark
approach, the single starting points approach and the sentencing matrix
approach.

121 Constructed well, sentencing guidelines are formidable tools that help
future sentencing courts work towards collectively achieving key goals such
as:

(a) Promoting consistency in sentencing while maintaining an appropriate level
of flexibility and discretion for sentencing courts.

(b) Encouraging transparency in reasoning. This is especially when future
courts apply a similar methodology which requires them to explain their
reasoning processes at different stages of the sentencing analysis.

(c) Creating a coherent picture of sentencing for a particular offence. The
sentencing guideline should respect the statutory context by taking into
account the whole range of penalties prescribed by the relevant statute. It
should also ensure rationality in the spread of sentences and avoid
arbitrariness in the indicative starting sentences laid out.

(See Terence Ng at [23] and Benny Tan Zhi Peng, “Assessing the Effectiveness
of Sentencing Guideline Judgments in Singapore issued Post-March 2013 and A
Guide to Constructing Frameworks” (2018) 30 SAcLJ 1004 at para 20.)

122 In Singapore, sentencing guideline judgments are found in the decisions of
the High Court or the Court of Appeal. In accordance with the doctrine of
stare decisis, such judgments are binding on any lower courts. This means that
they will not only influence the way that future offenders are to be treated
by other judges, but also have the potential to radically reform future
sentencing trends for a particular offence.

123 It is for this very reason that the decision to lay down a sentencing
guideline is not one that is undertaken lightly by our courts. In all cases
where a court chooses to do so, the eventual guideline is invariably a product
of intense deliberation. At the minimum, the court will have to answer two
questions in respect of the type and content of the sentencing guideline.

Question 1: Type of sentencing guideline

124 First, what type of guideline will be best suited for the particular
offence or the particular factual matrix? Sentencing guidelines are judicial
creations that take many forms. Each comes with its own advantages and
disadvantages that may make it uniquely well-suited to a specific context, but
completely disastrous in another (see generally Terence Ng ([64] supra) at
[26]–[34]).

125 As the parties’ submissions focus on sentencing frameworks, I will not
delve into the advantages and disadvantages of other types of guideline
judgments such as the benchmark approach. This has been adequately explored by
the Court of Appeal in Terence Ng at [31]–[32]. Instead, I focus directly on
sentencing frameworks.

126 It will be apparent from my summary of the parties’ proposed sentencing
frameworks that sentencing frameworks tend to focus on deriving a preliminary
sentence based on the presence or absence of certain key sentencing
parameters. The preliminary sentence is then adjusted after the sentencing
court has regard to the other relevant factors present in the case. The key
sentencing parameters are “independent variables” as they will independently
have an impact on the indicative starting sentence for a particular offender.
The preliminary sentence is the “indicative sentence” or the “indicative
starting sentence” as referred to above. The preliminary sentence is also the
“dependent variable” as it is determined by the interaction of the independent
variables.

127 To forestall confusion later, I elaborate on the difference between a
sentencing parameter and a sentencing factor. A sentencing factor is an
aggravating or mitigating factor that exists in the particular factual matrix
of the offender’s offence. A sentencing parameter exists because of the design
of the sentencing framework in question – the creator of a sentencing
framework designs the framework such that any individual applying the
framework will have to have regard to one or more sets of considerations (ie,
parameters) to arrive at the indicative starting sentence. In some cases, the
value and extent of a sentencing parameter may be derived from a number of
sentencing factors. For example, the level of harm caused by an offence may be
determined by the level of physical and emotional harm suffered by the victim
and the public disquiet caused by the offence. In other cases, the value and
extent of a sentencing parameter may be derived from just one main sentencing
factor. An example of this is in Poh Boon Kiat v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4
SLR 892 (“Poh Boon Kiat”). There, the principal factual elements of vice-
related offences were held to be (a) the manner and extent of the offender’s
role in the vice syndicate (ie, the chosen primary determinant of offender’s
culpability); and (b) treatment of the prostitute (ie, the chosen primary
determinant of the harm caused by the offence) at [75]–[76] (see also Terence
Ng at [34]). The two sentencing parameters of harm and culpability are thus
determined with reference to only one sentencing factor each.

128 Returning to the point at [124], a general sentencing framework may take
the form of a single independent variable sentencing framework (“Single
Variable Framework” or “Single Variable Sentencing Framework”) that focuses on
the presence of one dominant sentencing parameter to determine an indicative
sentence. This framework is well suited for offences like drug trafficking and
cigarette smuggling for two reasons: (a) there is one principal determinant of
sentence for all factual scenarios covered by the offence; and (b) this
independent variable is measurable according to a single (usually
quantitative) metric (see Terence Ng at [29]–[30]). Ishibe’s graphical
analysis is essentially a Single Variable Framework, where the dominant
sentencing parameter is taken (or first assumed) to be the amount of
gratification received and used to derive an indicative starting sentence,
which is then adjusted to take into account all other aggravating and
mitigating factors to arrive at the final sentence.

129 However, a Single Variable Framework will be less suitable for offences in
which there is more than one dominant or principal determinant of the
indicative sentence, one example being the offence of causing hurt under s 323
of the Penal Code (see Low Song Chye v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2019] 5 SLR 526). There, the two principal factual elements of “harm” and
“culpability” separately play major roles in determining the indicative
starting sentence. It is thus necessary to have regard to a two variable
sentencing framework (“Double Variable Framework” or “Double Variable
Sentencing Framework”). This may take the form of a sentencing matrix as
defined in Terence Ng ([64] supra) at [33], which considers only two principal
factual elements (ie, two sentencing parameters) to determine an indicative
starting sentence. An example of this can be seen in Poh Boon Kiat in the
context of vice-related offences (see above at [127]). More recently, Double
Variable Frameworks have taken the form of a harm-culpability matrix which
focuses on a wide variety of offence-specific factors which go towards the
harm caused by the offence and the offender’s culpability to determine the
severity of the offence (see Logachev ([68] supra) at [36]).

130 For clarity, I must add that Double Variable Frameworks do not invariably
require a consideration of “harm” and “culpability” as the only two possible
dominant independent variables influencing the determination of the indicative
starting sentence. It may be any two principal factual elements (ie,
parameters) that are key determinants of sentence. For example, in Tay Wee
Kiat and another v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 4 SLR 1315, the
three-judge High Court set out a sentencing framework for offences under s 323
read with s 73 of the Penal Code which uses physical harm and psychological
harm as the two principal determinants of the indicative starting sentence (at
[70]–[71]).

131 There are also offences where more than two key variables have a major
impact on the indicative sentence. A sentencing framework that is capable of
factoring more than two key independent variables to determine an indicative
sentence is a multi-variable framework (“Multi-Variable Framework” or “Multi-
Variable Sentencing Framework”). An example of this is the approach taken to
the offence of unlawful stalking under s 7 of the Protection from Harassment
Act (Cap 256A, 2015 Rev Ed) which requires consideration of, inter alia, the
duration and frequency of stalking, the degree of intrusion into the victim’s
life, the vulnerability of the victim, etc (see Lim Teck Kim v Public
Prosecutor [2019] 5 SLR 279 (“Lim Teck Kim”) at [30]). For a Multi-Variable
Framework, the design tends to take the form of a points-based scoring system
because the framework has to handle multiple variables each with its own
weight affecting the final outcome (see [140] below). I add that a points-
based framework to determine the indicative starting sentence is only possible
if the court is also able to determine the relative weights to be given to
each of the various key sentencing parameters (ie, independent variables) and
calibrate the sentencing framework to take this into account.

132 As the number of key sentencing parameters (ie, independent variables) in
the sentencing framework increases, the indicative starting sentence will be
more nuanced and fine-tuned to the facts. In other words, the magnitude of
adjustment required from the indicative starting sentence to the final
sentence is likely to be smaller for a Multi-Variable Framework than say, a
Single or Double Variable Framework given that a larger number of key
sentencing parameters have already been considered and accounted for when
determining the indicative starting sentence in a Multi-Variable Framework.
The attendant downside to this is that Multi-Variable Frameworks tend to be
more complex than Single or Double Variable Frameworks when it comes to
determining the indicative starting sentence. As such, there will always be a
trade-off in terms of refinement (ie, the number of independent variables to
be taken into account when determining the indicative starting sentence as the
dependent variable) and the ease of understanding and application of the
sentencing framework.

133 A framework that is “suitable” in respect of a particular offence is a
framework that strikes a good balance between the need for a refined
indicative starting sentence that takes into account the key sentencing
parameter(s) and its ease of application.

134 The important point to appreciate is that in all cases where a judge
decides to lay down a sentencing guideline or framework, a decision must be
made as to the type of the framework because each type of guideline or
framework has its own strengths and weaknesses. At the end of the day, the
court’s task remains the same, namely, to determine the appropriate sentence
for the particular offender before it. To do so, the sentencing court must
take into account all the relevant facts and circumstances of the case.
Sentencing frameworks and guidelines simply serve as tools to guide its
discretion.

(1) On Single Variable Frameworks depicted graphically or in tabular form

135 Before moving on to the second question of “content”, I pause to emphasise
an important point in respect of sentencing frameworks that take the form of a
graph. A Single Variable Framework does not have to take the form of a two-
dimensional (“2D”) graph. It may well be a table, eg, in Vasentha d/o Joseph v
Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 at [47], in the context of the indicative
starting sentences for first-time offenders trafficking in diamorphine.

136 A graph is no more than a simple pictorial presentation of the
relationship between the single independent variable on the one hand (which is
normally depicted on the “x” or horizontal axis of the graph) and the
dependent variable on the other (which in our present context is the
indicative starting sentence, normally depicted on the “y” or vertical axis of
the graph). The same information represented in the graph may also be
alternatively presented in a table format. The format of presentation (be it a
graph or a table) is a mere matter of form and not of substance. Any argument
that a graph must necessarily be inferior to a table because it is too
mathematical is inherently an illogical one that should be rejected. The
principal driving force in the choice of the presentation format (be it a
graph or a table) should be in the relative ease of understanding and the
efficacy of its application. Both presentation formats will give the same
indicative starting sentence when given the same independent variable as input
data to feed into the framework (eg, the weight of the drug being trafficked).

137 I reiterate that a graph is merely an alternative method of representing
the contents of a framework in a more understandable pictorial fashion. Like
the tabular form or the harm-culpability matrix, it does not constrain a
judge’s sentencing discretion (at least, not more than a table or the harm-
culpability matrix does), nor does it transform the sentencing exercise into a
mathematical inquiry.

(2) On Double or Multi-Variable Frameworks

138 The same applies to a Double Variable Framework. This may take the form of
a table, a harm-culpability matrix which lays out indicative sentencing
ranges, or a three-dimensional (“3D”) model which lays out the indicative
sentencing points. An example of such a table can be seen in the decision of
Public Prosecutor v Lai Teck Guan [2018] 5 SLR 852 (“Lai Teck Guan”) at
[42]–[43]. There, the two independent variables are the weight of diamorphine
and the criminal history of the offender (ie, whether he is a first-time or
second-time offender). The interaction of these two independent variables
gives rise to the indicative imprisonment sentence to be applied to a
particular offender (ie, the dependent variable).

139 A Multi-Variable Framework cannot be properly represented by a 3D graph
because it is near impossible to fully render a sentencing framework
comprising of three or more key independent variables affecting the indicative
starting sentence (ie, the dependent variable) in a 3D world. Neither can it
be readily represented in a tabular format.

140 For such Multi-Variable Frameworks, I believe that the only practicable
and sensible methodology is to adopt a “scoring system” or a “points system”
where each of the multiple key independent variables is assigned a range of
values depending on its relative weight (vis-à-vis other key independent
variables) in affecting the indicative starting sentence to be scored (as a
dependent variable) on a score sheet. The overall score is then mapped on to a
scale that gives the indicative starting sentence. This methodology is neither
unique nor innovative. It has been commonly applied in many different fields
including those in education, science, economics, psychology, psychiatry and
medicine.

141 A simple illustration of this is in how examination papers are scored. The
dependent variable is the final mark given to a particular student (ie, the
outcome of the examination). This is determined by the individual’s score on a
variety of examination questions (ie, each question being a single independent
variable). Each question may be assigned a different maximum score depending
on the importance and difficulty of the question (ie, constituting their
relative weight in affecting the final marks). The examiner will assess the
number of marks to be given for each answer bearing in mind the maximum number
of marks that can be given for that question. The aggregate marks scored for
all the answers to all the questions will determine the final mark (or grade,
eg, A, B, C, D, E or F) of the student (ie, the dependent variable) for that
examination paper.

142 This scoring methodology where multiple independent variables are involved
in the assessment for a single final outcome (ie, the single dependent
variable) is employed in a plethora of situations, eg, in determining the
Intelligence Quotient of a person in psychological tests, in testing for the
presence and degree of severity of a particular mental illness in psychiatric
examination, and even in assessing the corporate governance practices of
Singapore-listed companies in the “Singapore Governance and Transparency
Index” (“SGTI”). Focussing on the SGTI, a company’s score is based on two
components. First, the base score which comprises of five domains: (a) board
responsibilities (35 points); (b) rights of shareholders (20 points); (c)
engagement of stakeholders (10 points); (d) accountability and audit (10
points); and (e) disclosure and transparency (25 points). Adjustments are then
made to the base score in the form of adding bonuses and/or subtracting
penalties to arrive at the company’s overall SGTI score.

143 The point is simply this: a sentencing framework of whatever form (even
one represented graphically) is a mere sentencing tool to assist a sentencing
judge. It does not and cannot override judicial discretion. A sentencing judge
must still come to an independent decision as to the appropriate sentence
(after considering the severity of the offence, the circumstances of the
offender and any other relevant factors). Having said this, a sentencing tool,
when designed, must nevertheless remain inherently logical, have conceptual
integrity, and provide consistent indicative sentencing outcomes when applied
to the same set of facts. Otherwise, it loses its attractiveness.

Question 2: Contents of the sentencing guideline

144 After considering the type of sentencing guideline, the second question
the court must answer is what are the contents of the sentencing guideline? In
this section, I focus specifically on the design of a sentencing framework
because I have previously found that a general sentencing framework will be
appropriate in these appeals.

145 The contents of a sentencing framework extend beyond a list of the
relevant aggravating and mitigating factors and include a consideration of
what the appropriate indicative starting sentences might be in various
categories of the offence.

146 When filling in the contents of a sentencing framework and determining the
indicative starting sentences that apply for different categories of fact
scenarios, the court must bear in mind several important general principles,
which if followed will help attain the objectives of having a coherent and
logical framework that has conceptual integrity, and hopefully also provide
broadly consistent indicative sentencing outcomes when applied to the same set
of facts.

(1) The Proportionality principle

147 The sentence must be proportionate to the crime. All things being equal,
as the severity of the crime increases, the sentence meted out must also
increase, up to the statutory limit prescribed by Parliament. In the context
of the sentencing frameworks, this means that the indicative starting
sentences or indicative sentencing ranges prescribed must increase
proportionally to the severity of the offence (as determined by the quantum of
gratification, or the harm and culpability, or even multiple other factors as
the case may be). I refer to this as the “Proportionality principle”.

(2) The Continuity principle

148 The indicative starting sentences prescribed by the sentencing framework
must increase smoothly and continuously, in tandem with the increasing
severity of the crime (the “Continuity principle”). The sentencing framework
aims to spread out the entire range of possible sentences across the full
spectrum of offending under the particular offence-creating provision (or
under a particular category of offending under the provision, eg, purely
private sector corruption). There must not be any unexplained gaps in the
indicative starting sentences prescribed under the framework. This is for two
main reasons.

149 First, unexplained gaps are inconsistent with the aim of the sentencing
framework model, ie, to spread out the entire range of possible sentences
across the full spectrum of criminal offending that falls within a particular
offence creating provision. The presence of unexplained gaps arbitrarily
restricts the sentencing court from selecting certain indicative sentences
(falling between the lower and upper end of that gap) even though they may be
warranted on the facts.

150 Second, unexplained gaps in the sentences prescribed by the sentencing
framework are inconsistent with the abovementioned general principle that
sentences ought to be proportional to the severity of criminal conduct. An
offender who falls into a gap not covered by the prescribed sentencing range
will not be able to receive a sentence that increases in proportion to the
severity of his crime: the possible sentence available to him will be
restricted to the sentences on both sides of the gap. I provide a pictorial
illustration for this at Annex C. If the indicative starting sentence shown in
the sentencing framework suddenly jumps upwards when the overall criminal
culpability only increases slightly, it will cause the indicative starting
sentence to jump from the lower end to the upper end of that gap upon crossing
that gap. This is tantamount to having a sentencing framework with an inherent
minimum indicative sentence starting at the upper end of that gap. I
illustrate this point with reference to the offence of drug trafficking under
s 5 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). Assuming that:
(a) at 5g of heroin trafficked, the indicative starting sentence is 5 years’
imprisonment; and (b) at 5.01g of heroin trafficked, the indicative starting
sentence jumps to 7 years’ imprisonment, there will then be an upward gap of 2
years’ imprisonment at the 5g mark. This amounts to having a judicially
created minimum indicative starting sentence of 7 years’ imprisonment embedded
within the sentencing framework for trafficking in just slightly more than 5g
of heroin. Gaps therefore have the effect of judicially legislating a minimum
indicative starting sentence at points where gaps in the indicative starting
sentences occur.

151 There may be cases in which gaps in the sentencing range are necessary
and/or unavoidable. One example of this occurs when Parliament prescribes a
mandatory minimum sentence for a particular instance of offending under the
relevant provision. For example, an offender who traffics in exactly 10g of
diamorphine will face a mandatory minimum sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment
and 15 strokes of the cane (see Second Schedule to the MDA), while an
identical offender who traffics in 9.99g of diamorphine will face a maximum of
15 years’ imprisonment and 11 strokes of the cane (see Lai Teck Guan ([138]
supra) at [42]). However, apart from such instances where they are
unavoidable, unexplained gaps in the sentencing ranges must be avoided when
filling in the contents of a sentencing framework.

(3) The Completeness principle

152 When a court decides upon the contents of a sentencing framework, it
should include the full range of sentences as prescribed by Parliament
(including the different types of sentences available), unless there are very
good reasons for not doing so. I refer to this as the “Completeness
principle”.

153 A sentencing framework that fails to do so runs the risks of prescribing
judicially created minimum sentences, imposing caps on the maximum punishment
available under the section, creating gaps in the sentence range, and/or
completely ignoring a particular type of punishment made available under the
provision.

154 Under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA, the maximum punishment prescribed by
Parliament is 5 years’ imprisonment and a fine not exceeding $100,000. As
such, a sentencing framework for purely private sector corruption cases must
be capable of covering the entire range of imprisonment sentences and fines,
and not simply ignore the possibility of imposing an imprisonment term in
conjunction with a fine. The sentencing framework will be flawed if it ignores
the fact that the maximum imprisonment term is 5 years, and only provides for
imprisonment terms up to 4 years. It will also be flawed if it completely
ignores the possibility of a fine in conjunction with an imprisonment term for
an offender.

(4) The Single Point principle

155 The fourth principle is of particular relevance to sentencing frameworks
as it directly addresses the relationship between the degree of specificity of
the values for the independent variables chosen as “inputs” to the framework
and the degree of specificity of the dependent variable being the indicative
starting sentence that is the “output” or ultimate result of applying the
framework using the independent variables as inputs to the framework. The
principle is that where the values of independent variables have been assessed
with a high degree of specificity from a given set of facts, there should only
be one indicative starting sentence (ie, the dependent variable) as an output
from applying the framework and not an indicative range of starting sentences
as an output. Where, however, the independent variables have not been
concretely assessed to be of a particular severity (because of factual
uncertainty or because the court has not yet been able to determine the more
precise weight and severity of the various factors involved in the assessment
of each of the specific parameters – ie, independent variables), then the
values for the independent variables as inputs into the framework will not be
a pinpoint value but a range. Inputs of independent variables as range inputs
into the framework must necessarily result in a range output from applying the
framework (ie, a range of indicative starting sentences will inevitably be
thrown up as a result of applying the framework by inserting range inputs for
the independent variables to the framework).

156 Put simply, a point input (being a specific value for each independent
variable input) for a point output (being a definitive indicative starting
sentence as a dependent variable output from applying the framework), and a
range input (being the possible range of values assessed for each independent
variable) for a range output (being the indicative sentencing range thrown up
as a dependent variable output from applying the framework). I refer to it as
the Single Point principle.

157 It is helpful to begin by considering the relationship between the range
of prescribed sentences for an offence under the law, the specific indicative
starting sentence derived from a sentencing framework and the final sentence
imposed by the court. The prescribed sentencing range in a written law
reflects the legislatively created sentencing range set out in the relevant
statute for the particular offence. It is called a sentencing “range” because
it is made up of multiple discrete points (eg, an imprisonment term of 1 day,
5 weeks, 10 years, etc, 12 strokes of the cane or a fine of $5, $5,000 or
$50,000). An offender can only be sentenced to one final sentence out of the
entire prescribed sentencing range: he or she cannot be sentenced to a range
of sentences (eg, between 18 to 24 months’ imprisonment). The final sentence
must be a specific pinpoint sentence, say of 18 months’ imprisonment, no more
and no less. In the same way, in applying a sentencing framework, the offender
can only receive one indicative starting sentence out of the entire prescribed
sentencing range given a specific assessed degree of severity or value for
each of the particular set or combination of independent variables chosen for
the design of the sentencing framework (ie, assuming that there is no
uncertainty as to the magnitude, degree or value of each independent variable
upon assessment by the court).

158 In a sentencing framework, the indicative starting sentence is normally
determined by reference to one particular independent variable for a Single
Variable Framework, a combination of two independent variables for a Double
Variable Framework, or a combination of more than two independent variables
for a Multi-Variable Framework. Examples of these include a combination of the
two independent variables of harm and culpability (ie, the harm-culpability
matrix) in a Double Variable Framework; and a single independent variable
comprising the amount of money misappropriated by an offender under s 409 of
the Penal Code per the Single Variable Framework adopted for sentencing in
Public Prosecutor v Ewe Pang Kooi [2019] SGHC 166 at [20].

159 The Single Point principle thus requires that the framework should throw
up only one indicative starting sentence (as a theoretical concept) after the
court completes its assessment of the factual matrix in which the crime was
committed and is able to arrive at a particular and definitive level of
severity or value for all the independent variable(s) chosen for the
particular framework. In such a circumstance, the framework ought not to throw
up a range of indicative starting sentences as its output. While there may be
certain combinations of values for each of the various independent variables
(or of one independent variable in a Single Variable Framework) that may give
rise to the same indicative starting sentence, each combination of input
values can only give rise to one indicative starting sentence as an output
value of the dependent variable. This is for consistency of outcomes for one
same set of facts. If one combination of input values for each of the various
independent variables can have two possible indicative starting sentences, or
a range of possible indicative starting sentences as output values, there will
be much room for inconsistency when applying the framework to the same set of
facts.

160 Using the example of a Single Variable Framework, if an offender is
charged for trafficking in exactly 5g of heroin (the equivalent of a pinpoint
input value to the framework), and the indicative starting sentence for
trafficking in exactly 5g of heroin derived from applying the sentencing
framework can be in a range of 5 to 7 years’ imprisonment, then a judge in one
court can chose a starting sentence of 7 years’ imprisonment, and another
judge in another court for another case involving trafficking in exactly 5g of
heroin can chose to start with a totally different sentence of 5 years’
imprisonment as the indicative starting point, although both cases are
identical and involve exactly the same set of facts of trafficking in 5g of
heroin. This sort of framework inherently magnifies inconsistency in
sentencing. The same applies for Double or Multiple Variable Frameworks. In
essence, for each specific set of combination or combinations of the
independent variables all with definitive assessed pinpoint values (ie,
singular point value for each of the independent variable(s) as inputs to the
sentencing framework), there can only be one identifiable indicative starting
sentence as a pinpoint output from applying the sentencing framework.

161 In other words, once a sentencing court considers the overall factual
matrix, assesses all the material facts and their weightage relevant to the
assessment of the degree of severity or value of each of the independent
variables and eventually arrives at a definitive pinpoint value for each of
these independent variables to be inserted as inputs into the sentencing
framework as designed, then the resulting output from the sentencing framework
will have to be a definitive pinpoint indicative starting sentence and not a
range of possible indicative starting sentences. Where it is not possible to
assess the values of the independent variables with precision as inputs to the
framework (which is often the case in a practical application), then one has
to input a range of values ie, a range input into the framework (eg a range of
possible values of harm assessed somewhere in the region of the lower end of
the “high segment” on the scale for the independent variable of “harm”), which
will then throw up a range output (ie a range of possible indicative starting
sentences) for the court to choose from. The court will then have to use its
discretion to eventually pick one indicative starting sentence out of that
range output to work with for the next stage of sentencing. This does not mean
that it is conceptually correct to say that a pinpoint input can give rise to
a range output, or that a range input can give rise to a pinpoint output. In a
properly designed framework, a pinpoint input can give rise only to a pinpoint
output for overall consistency, and a range input must necessarily give rise
to a range output.

162 The Single Point principle is not inconsistent with the use of indicative
starting sentencing ranges in the process of sentencing. Indeed, it will be
observed that sentencing frameworks (in particular those using a harm-
culpability matrix to determine the indicative sentence) often mention the
need to locate an indicative starting sentencing range that applies to the
accused. There is no inconsistency for two reasons. One, because this is a
preliminary step that a court will ordinarily have to cross before finally
arriving at a precise point for the indicative starting sentence. Two, if
there is uncertainty such that the court cannot arrive at a specific value for
each of the independent variables or such that the court can only arrive at a
specific range in its assessment of the values or degree of severity of the
independent variables, the court then has no choice but to input a range input
for each of the independent variables into the framework and consequently
obtain a range output in the form of a range of indicative starting sentence
when applying the framework. The framework itself cannot be faulted if it
gives an imprecise output when given an imprecise input. But it can be faulted
if the framework is unable to give a precise output when given a precise
input. In other words, a court must work with an indicative starting
sentencing range as the output if it has not yet or is unable to come to a
precise determination for its own input which the framework requires. Using
the example of a harm-culpability matrix, if the court is undecided as to the
specific level of harm caused by the offender or of his culpability and can
only say that the harm is preliminarily assessed to be of a certain range and
the culpability is preliminarily assessed to be of a certain range in terms of
the degree of severity, the consequence of which must necessarily be that the
sentencing framework will provide a possible range of indicative starting
sentences as guidance to the court, which has thus far not been able to make
up its mind fully as yet. Similarly, if the court is faced with factual
uncertainty and is unable to pinpoint the combination of harm and culpability,
the court would derive an indicative sentencing range from the framework (see
also [166]–[169] below). But at some point, the court must inevitably come
down to a pinpoint sentence in the exercise of its judicial discretion having
regard to whatever guidance and information that may be provided by the
sentencing framework.

163 This does not mean that the framework in its design therefore should
provide a range of indicative sentences for each precise point in the
framework (ie, for each precise point along the scale for the single
independent variable in a Single Variable Framework or for each combination in
the array of different combinations of multiple independent variables of
different precise values in a Double or Multi-Variable Framework). A framework
designed to provide a range of starting sentences available to be chosen for
each precise point or each precise combination is to be eschewed because it
creates incoherency and inconsistent outcomes when applied. The logic of doing
so is also difficult to comprehend. I see no good justification for such a
design.

164 In other words, if at the first stage the court is able to determine,
based on the factual matrix of the case, a particular precise level of harm
and a particular precise level of culpability, then the sentencing framework
must provide one indicative starting sentence only. However, if the court is
unable to do so (or chooses to do so at a later stage) and can only assess the
level of harm as possibly falling into a certain range on the scale of harm,
and the level of culpability as falling into a certain range on the scale of
culpability, then the same sentencing framework (designed with the Single
Point principle in mind) will inevitably furnish an indicative starting
sentence as possibly falling within a certain range as a guide to the court
when exercising its judicial discretion before finally determining a pinpoint
sentence for the offender. I reiterate that no offender can be sentenced to
between 2 to 3 years’ imprisonment, 5 to 7 strokes of a cane and a fine of
$2,000 to $3,000.

165 I illustrate the above point by again using the quintessential example of
a Single Variable Framework: the sentencing framework for first-time drug
traffickers. If the framework states that for trafficking in precisely 5g of
heroin, the indicative starting sentence is precisely 5 years’ imprisonment,
and for trafficking in precisely 6g of heroin, the indicative starting
sentence is precisely 6 years’ imprisonment, and if the court is faced with a
case where the court is unable to come to a landing at the first stage of
sentencing as to the precise level of heroin the offender has trafficked in
and the court only able to estimate that the amount of heroin trafficked to be
between 5.4g and 5.8g of heroin, then the same sentencing framework (designed
with the Single Point principle in mind) will necessarily throw up an
indicative starting sentence to be in a range between 5.4 years and 5.8 years,
and the court is left to exercise its judicial discretion to decide what the
eventual pinpoint starting sentence should be in the light of the
circumstances of the case. However, if at the first stage of sentencing the
court is in fact able to come to a landing on the precise value of that
independent variable, eg, 5.6g of heroin being trafficked, then the sentencing
framework will throw up an indicative starting sentence as precisely 5.6
years’ imprisonment as a guide to assist the sentencing judge to exercise his
judicial discretion. In such a case, the sentencing framework will not throw
up a range of indicative starting sentences say of between 5.4 years to 5.8
years when the court is already able to decide that the precise amount of
heroin trafficked is 5.6g.

166 The Single Point principle similarly must apply to a Double Variable
Framework. I illustrate this with reference to a harm-culpability matrix. If
the court is able to come to a more precise landing as to the specific level
of harm and the specific level of culpability, the framework will throw up a
definitive starting indicative sentence and not a range of possible indicative
sentences. However, if the court is faced with uncertainty and is unable to
come to a more precise landing as the level of harm and culpability such that
it can only ascertain a range of possible levels of harm and a range of
possible levels of culpability given a certain factual matrix, then the
sentencing framework will invariably throw up a range of possible indicative
starting sentences to assist the court (since the data input into the
framework is range data and not a specific data point).

167 The court has two options.

168 The first option is to bite the bullet and resolve the uncertainty at the
first stage. In other words, after first identifying a range of indicative
sentences that can apply to the specific offender, the court can then use this
range as a guide for its exercise of judicial discretion to determine a
pinpoint indicative starting sentence at stage one which can then be adjusted
at subsequent stages of sentencing to arrive at the final sentence. Using the
Prosecution’s framework as an example, a sentencing court can first recognise
that a case falls within the moderate harm, medium culpability range but be
unsure as to where exactly the case falls. The court will then arrive at an
indicative sentencing range of 1 to 2 years’ imprisonment. Next, the court can
recognise that the offender falls within the lower end of moderate harm and
moderate culpability and thus narrow the indicative range down to 1 to 1.5
years’ imprisonment even though it still has not completely resolved the
uncertainty. Eventually, the court must resolve the uncertainty in respect of
the offence-specific factors and arrive at a particular pinpoint indicative
starting sentence, say of 1 year and 3 months.

169 Alternatively, the court can defer matters to the second or even later
stages and continue working with the range of indicative starting sentences
thrown up by the framework (because of the continuing uncertainty as to the
level of harm and the level of culpability at the first stage percolating to
the second and later stages of sentencing). Thereafter, the court can adjust
that range of indicative starting sentences at the second and later stages (or
steps) of sentencing and end up with a range of possible final sentences at
the end of the sentencing process. In the end, the court must still determine
as best as it can, a pinpoint final sentence to sentence the offender with
guidance from that range of possible final sentences. Returning to the same
example, assuming that try as it might, the court cannot resolve the
uncertainty at Stage 1 of the Prosecution’s framework with reference to the
offence-specific factors. The indicative range remains at 1 to 2 years’
imprisonment. The court will then have to work with adjusting this range of 1
to 2 years’ imprisonment by having regard to the offender-specific factors. It
may arrive at a range of 1 year and 3 months to 2 years and 3 months after
factoring in the offender-specific factors, which it must eventually narrow to
one final sentence to conclude the sentencing process.

170 Whichever method used is the court’s preference. But one point is
abundantly clear: the court is simply not permitted to sentence an offender to
a range of imprisonment terms simply because the court is unable to determine
more precisely what the specific level of harm and the specific level of
culpability is at the very first stage of sentencing. It would generate an
absurd result – convicts sent to Changi Prison for 12 to 18 months, or 6 to 10
strokes of the cane.

171 I have discussed the Single Point principle at length because it is often
misunderstood, especially in the context of sentencing frameworks that
incorporate a harm-culpability matrix. At its heart, the principle simply
means every single combination of a specified level of harm and a specified
level of culpability based on a given set of facts gives rise to one
indicative starting sentence which is reflective of the severity of the
offence. As explained earlier, where the harm can only be ascertained to be
within a particular range and/or the culpability can only be ascertained to be
within a particular range, the sentencing framework will necessarily throw up
for consideration a range of indicative starting sentences. Where both the
harm and culpability can be ascertained to a more precise level, then the
indicative starting sentence will be logically and correspondingly narrowed
down to a more precise level in the sentencing framework. In short, a “point
input” into the framework gives rise to a “point output”. A “range input” into
the framework gives rise to a “range output”. In other words, a point output
for a point input. A range output for a range input. Never a point output for
a range input. And never a range output for a point input. Allow me to
illustrate this with an example of what may go wrong when a pinpoint input
into the sentencing framework gives rise to a range output for the indicative
starting sentence. Let me assume that a pinpoint input of trafficking in 5g of
heroin throws up a possible output range of indicative starting sentence of
between 5 and 7 years’ of imprisonment; and a pinpoint input of trafficking in
6g throws up a possible output range of an indicative starting sentence of
between 6 and 8 years’ of imprisonment when the sentencing framework is
applied. An offender trafficking in 5g of heroin may be given an indicative
starting sentence of 7 years’ imprisonment (ie, at the top end of the possible
range). An offender trafficking in a higher amount of 6g of heroin may be
given an indicative starting sentence of 6 years’ imprisonment (ie, at the
lowest end of the possible range). The illogical and unprincipled result is
that an offender trafficking in a smaller amount of heroin may be given a
higher indicative starting sentence than one trafficking in a larger amount of
heroin. Hence, a framework should not be designed such that a pinpoint input
can give rise to a range output (ie, never a range output for a pinpoint
input).

172 In any case, I re-emphasise that every offender must eventually be
sentenced to one final precise pinpoint sentence at the end of the sentencing
process even if a court, in the exercise of its sentencing discretion, is not
able to come to a more precise determination as to the weight of all the
factors relevant to determine more precisely where the key independent
variables lie on their respective scales from the “very low level” to “very
high level” as set out in the first stage of the sentencing framework.

(5) Illustrating the Proportionality and Continuity principles

173 I provide pictorial representations of Single and Double Variable
Sentencing Frameworks that comply with the Proportionality and Continuity
principles.

174 One way of representing the spread of sentences within a Single Variable
Framework is a 2D graph – there is only one independent variable that
independently determines the indicative starting sentence.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 3: Graphical representation of Single Variable Framework

175 It can be seen from the curve that: (a) the increase in indicative
sentence is smooth and continuous (ie, there must not be unexplained gaps or
discontinuities); and (b) the increase slows and tapers off to a constant
value which represents the statutorily prescribed maximum sentence for the
most egregious forms of offending. For every precise point along the scale of
the independent variable, there is only one corresponding indicative starting
sentence along the scale for the indicative starting sentence, which is
defined by the bold continuous line showing the relationship/correlation
between the independent variable and the dependent variable. A precise point
output is labelled “Point Output” on the vertical axis of the graph. It occurs
if there is a “Point Input” as labelled on the horizontal axis of the graph.
However, if there is range of uncertainty for the “input” for the independent
variable, the input will be a “Range Input” as labelled on the horizontal
axis, and the same graph will provide a “Range Output” for the dependent
variable as labelled on the vertical axis which represents the range of
possible values for the indicative starting sentence.

176 I should explain that the independent variable cannot start from zero.
This is because when the independent variable is zero (or infinitesimally
close to zero), no offence may be committed in the first place, and, as such
there is no indicative sentence. An example of this is when a person is
alleged to have trafficked in in 0g of diamorphine.

177 In designing a Single Variable Framework, the manner in which the
sentences are spread out determines the gradient of the line graph. Taking the
offence of smuggling uncustomed tobacco products as an example, it is well
within the discretion of the court when designing a Single Variable Framework
to decide that the bulk of the indicative sentencing range must be reserved
for more severe forms of the offence (ie, larger quantities of cigarettes).
This would mean that when the cigarette quantities are low, the indicative
starting sentence will increase slowly (ie, with a gentler gradient), but when
cigarette quantities are high, the indicative sentence will increase much
faster (ie, with a steeper gradient). While the gradient of the line graph can
change, it should generally be positive because the indicative starting
sentence must increase in proportion to the severity of the crime, at least
until the statutorily mandated maximum sentence. At that point, gradient is
zero because the sentence can no longer increase further. What is clear is
that the gradient cannot and must not be negative, because that will mean that
as the quantity of cigarettes increases along the horizontal axis, the
indicative starting sentence deceases along the vertical axis of the graph.
This is wholly illogical and inconsistent with the Proportionality principle,
and the design of the sentencing framework is therefore inherently flawed.

178 The visual representation of a Double Variable Framework is more complex.
One way of representing the spread of indicative sentences within a Double
Variable Framework is a 3D model or graph because three axes are needed: two
“x” and “y” horizontal axes for the two independent variables and a third “z”
vertical axis for the singular dependent variable (ie, the indicative starting
sentence). The values ascribed along the “x” and “y” axes to represent each of
the two independent variables determine the value of the dependent variable.
In a 3D model that adheres to the Proportionality and Continuity principle,
instead of a line generally trending upwards in a line graph pictorially
representing a Single Variable Framework, there will be a surface generally
trending upwards (never downwards) in a 3D model or 3D graph pictorially
representing a Double Variable Framework (see Figure 4 below at [179].)

179 Below (Figure 4) is a 3D model to help visualise how the upwards sloping
surface represents the indicative starting sentences in a harm-culpability
matrix that complies with the Proportionality and Continuity Principles. The
independent variables on the horizontal “x” and “y” axes are “harm” and
“culpability” respectively on an increasing scale of severity extending
outwards in the direction as shown, and the dependent variable will be the
“indicative starting sentence” on the vertical “z” axis increasing in severity
vertically upwards in the direction as shown. The positive gradient of the
upwards sloping surface ensures that no embedded illogicality arises by way of
a decreasing starting indicative sentence as the gravity of the harm and/or
culpability increases in the Double Variable Framework.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 4: Graphical representation of Double Variable Sentencing Framework

180 Each of the yellow dots represents a single unique combination of harm and
culpability each with its own specified level of severity, and which reflects
the factual matrix of a particular offender’s offence.

181 Four observations may be made from the 3D model above:

(a) First, the indicative starting sentences increase smoothly and
continuously as each of the two independent variables (eg, harm and/or
culpability) increases in magnitude. This can be seen by the constantly upward
sloping 3D surface. The direction of the three arrows on the model indicates
increasing magnitude.

(b) Second, the indicative starting sentences increase until they reach a
maximum value as represented by the flat expanding top of the 3D surface. As
with the 2D graph, this represents the maximum sentence prescribed by
Parliament. The flat top is expanding to represent the fact that when either
one or both independent variables tend to infinity (eg, infinite harm and/or
infinite culpability), the indicative starting sentence remains capped at the
statutorily prescribed maximum. In such a situation, even if the one
independent variable remains at a low value (eg, low culpability) but the
other independent variable is at a very, very high level (eg, a very extreme
level of harm approaching infinite harm), the indicative starting sentence can
theoretically approach and may even reach the statutory maximum (as
represented by the overhanging surface when culpability is near zero but harm
tends towards infinity).

(c) Third, for illustration purposes, the 3D surface is divided up into
different colours. This is meant to show that the indicative starting sentence
is changing smoothly and continuously all along the 3D surface in any
direction. Each part of the 3D surface can also be divided into a series of
different lines, with each line joining all the points of the same vertical
height measured along the vertical “z” axis (ie, akin to the contour lines of
equal elevation in a topographic map) and each of these lines of equal
elevation on the 3D surface will represent a different indicative starting
sentence. The higher the elevation of the line, the greater the indicative
starting sentence on the 3D model represented by that line. For illustration
purposes, I have drawn out just two of the numerous lines of different
indicative starting sentences (ie, the two red lines joining the yellow dots
together). I term these “Elevation Lines of Equal Sentences” because the
indicative starting sentence is the same along each and every point on each of
those red lines. Each part of the red line is at same vertical height. In
other words, while each combination of the two independent variables must
yield a single indicative sentence, certain combinations may yield the same
indicative starting sentence because they result in offences of the same
overall severity. For instance, one point on the 3D surface representing a
certain harm-culpability combination can have a higher harm but a lower
culpability than another point on the 3D surface for another harm-culpability
combination. As a result, there may be no change in the overall criminal
severity between these two points because the effects of one independent
variable increasing in severity is cancelled out by the effects of the other
independent variable decreasing in severity. Accordingly, all the points on
the 3D surface with the same indicative starting sentence may be joined up
together to form one continuous contour line representing the same elevation,
so to speak. This is represented by the numerous yellow dots (ie, different
combinations of harm and culpability resulting in offences of the same
severity and hence the same indicative sentences) joined together by a single
red line. I elaborate on this below at [185] onwards.

182 I have previously explained how the steepness of the gradient of the 2D
line graph will show how fast the indicative starting sentence increases with
the severity of the offence (as determined by the single key independent
variable chosen for a Single Variable Framework, eg, the weight of the drugs
or the quantity of contraband cigarettes). The same applies here in respect of
the gradient of the 3D surface for a Double Variable Framework. The steeper
the slope of the 3D surface, the faster the indicative starting sentence
increases for every corresponding increase in the severity of the offence (as
determined by the combination of two key independent variables of harm and
culpability).

183 To aid the reader in visualising the Double Variable Framework, I provide
a picture of a physical mock-up of Figure 4. The flat expanding top
representing the maximum sentence prescribed by Parliament (see [181(b)]
above) has been omitted so as to focus the reader’s attention on the
constantly upward sloping 3D surface representing the smooth increase of the
indicative starting sentences as the severity of the two independent variables
(ie, harm and culpability) increases (see above at [181(a)]).

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

184 I should explain that the above two diagrams and the image are merely
pictorial representations to help in the conceptual understanding of how the
spread of sentences in a Single or Double Variable Framework will generally
look like. They are only conceptual visualisation tools to explain the
operation of the Proportionality, Continuity, Completeness and Single Point
principles, which must be complied with when designing sentencing frameworks.
I have described them as conceptual visualisation tools because they have not
been filled with any content or specific information such as the nature of the
offence, the indicative sentencing range and the maximum sentence.

(6) The concept of Elevation Lines of Equal Sentences

185 I previously alluded to the notion of Elevation Lines of Equal Sentences
which exist in a Double Variable Framework.

186 Very briefly, the term “Equal Sentences” refers to the indicative starting
sentences being the same. The term “Elevation Lines” refers to how they are
represented on a 3D surface like those seen above in Figure 4. The magnitude
of the indicative starting sentence is represented as the elevation or height
on the vertical axis or the “z” axis. As such, when the 3D surface tilts
upwards, the indicative starting sentence on each point on that 3D surface
will increase as the elevation height of that point on the 3D surface
increases. The vertical axis is made up of a range of values that represent
the entire sentencing range for the offence – eg, in the context of ss 6(a)
and 6(b) of the PCA, the “z” axis values will reflect the indicative
imprisonment range from zero to a maximum of 5 years.

187 As mentioned previously, different combinations of the two independent
variables (ie, combinations of different levels of the two parameters of harm
and culpability) will give rise to offences of varying severities (and hence
different indicative starting sentences). Some combinations of the two
independent variables may give rise to offences of the same severity (and
hence same indicative starting sentence). When these combinations of
independent variables are portrayed on a 3D model, they will all be points on
the same level or at the same height on the vertical “z” axis, therefore
showing that they have same indicative starting sentences. Visually, this will
look like a line of points of equal height on the vertical “z” axis much alike
the contour lines of equal elevation on a topographic map, hence the term
“Elevation Lines of Equal [indicative starting] Sentences”.

188 The concept of Elevation Lines of Equal Sentences is simply the idea that
different combinations of the two independent variables in a Double Variable
Framework can give rise to the same indicative starting sentence because they
result in offences of the same overall level of criminal severity.

The appropriate type of framework for ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA

189 Corruption offences take place under a wide variety of factual situations
and circumstances, even in the purely private sector context. Our courts have
also recognised a number of key factors (eg, quanta of bribes, the involvement
of a strategic industry, corruption of foreign public officials, the presence
of threats and coercion) which have a significant impact on the severity of
the offence, and hence the indicative starting sentence.

190 In this light, I agree with the Prosecution that Ishibe’s graphical
approach (which is in essence a Single Variable Framework) premised on the use
of the bribe quantum as the single independent variable to derive an
indicative starting sentence may not give a good correlation of the
seriousness of the offence with the indicative starting sentence because
regard ought to be given to other more weighty sentencing parameters that
affect the seriousness of the offence. While the quantum of gratification may
be set as a sentencing parameter in a framework, and is an important
sentencing factor in its own right, it may not always be the predominant
consideration in the sentencing analysis for corruption offences; depending on
the precise factual matrix before the sentencing court, other factors like
coercion and threats (see eg, Romel ([65] supra)) may take centre stage. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DPP’s Subs 3 at para 46 – 49.

That said, I find Ishibe’s use of bribe quanta as a quantitative approach to
sentencing under s 6(a) of the PCA to be an interesting idea.

191 I am also of the view that the use of a traditional sentencing matrix
which focuses on only two key principal factual elements premised on two
factors (as elucidated in Terence Ng ([64] supra) at [33]) is similarly
incapable of fully encapsulating all the key sentencing factors that have an
impact on the severity of the offence (this being distinct from the harm-
culpability matrix in Logachev ([68] supra)).

192 Given the fact-specific nature of corruption offences under ss 6(a) and
6(b) of the PCA, I was originally inclined to craft a Multi-Variable Framework
akin to the points-based system I had devised in Lim Teck Kim ([131] supra).
To recap (see also [140]–[142] above), the points-based system identifies a
number of key offence-specific factors that have an impact on the severity of
the offence and ascribes to each of them a range of points. These points
represent the intensity of that particular factor. The total number of points
across all the key offence-specific factors are then tallied to obtain a rough
approximation of the severity of the offence. This then corresponds to a
particular indicative starting sentence. The points-based system is uniquely
suited to offences that manifest in a large variety of ways. It allows the
sentencing court to analyse a large number of key sentencing factors and weigh
them individually. It results in an indicative starting sentence that is
highly attuned to the facts of the case.

193 However, it is very difficult to devise a points-based system for offences
under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. Such a sentencing framework requires a
court to determine the precise weight that ought to be placed on each key
sentencing factor in the sentencing analysis relative to each of the other
factors (as distinct from their individual magnitudes or intensities). The
sentencing factors will then go towards determining the extent of the various
sentencing parameters used to determine the severity of the offence (and hence
the indicative starting sentence) in the framework. For example, assuming that
a hypothetical offender has received a massive bribe of $10m from a private
sector agent. Another hypothetical offender is a foreign official who receives
a bribe of $10 in return for divulging highly confidential state secrets. Even
assuming that both offenders are identical in all other respects, what weight
is to be given to the sentencing factor of the quantum gratification as
opposed to the involvement of foreign officials? No such relationship is
forthcoming in the case law. Therefore, without an extensive database of very
varied precedents to enable the relative weights of a variety of factors to be
distilled from the “big data” so to speak, and to examine their relative
influence on the seriousness of the offence and ultimately the indicative
starting sentence to be determined, it is very challenging to design a points-
based system for the wide factual spectrum of offences falling under ss 6(a)
and 6(b) of the PCA.

My decision

194 In my judgment, an appropriate compromise solution is to adopt the
Prosecution’s five-step framework (operating in two stages) which I am broadly
in agreement with.

195 I term this a compromise solution because the Prosecution’s framework
utilises a harm-culpability matrix to determine the indicative sentence.
However, unlike a sentencing matrix which only has two principal factual
elements, the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix is anchored on two
principal agglomerated factual elements of harm and culpability (ie, two
sentencing parameters), deriving each of these from the offence-specific
factors found in each case. In other words, the Prosecution’s matrix allows
the sentencing court to consider multiple offence-specific factors that go
towards determining the extent of the harm and the culpability when
determining the indicative starting sentence. Unlike the points-based system,
the Prosecution’s sentencing framework does not set out the exact weight to be
accorded to each offence-specific factor in determining the indicative
sentence, but rather leaves it to the court’s discretion in each case.

196 As such, I agree with the Prosecution that its framework is capable of
encapsulating the wide diversity of corrupt acts and varied factual situations
in which purely private sector corruption may present itself. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DPP Subs 3 at para 37.

The consideration of both the weight and quality of factors that go towards
harm and culpability at Steps 1 to 3 allows for a “general holistic assessment
of the seriousness of the offence by reference to all the offence-specific
factors” [emphasis in original] (Ye Lin Myint v Public Prosecutor [2019] 5 SLR
1005 (“Ye Lin Myint”) at [46]), as opposed to a consideration of one parameter
like bribe-quantum, or two principal parameters premised on only two
sentencing factors when determining the indicative starting sentence. This
allows the indicative starting sentence to be highly attuned to the facts of
the case.

197 In my view, the two-stage approach (ie, first considering offence-specific
factors before turning to offender-specific factors, see [106]–[107] above)
together with the Prosecution’s five-step framework is both intuitive and
conceptually neat.

198 That being said, I do not agree with the structure and content of the
Prosecution’s proposed table of indicative sentencing ranges, ie, the harm-
culpability matrix. I am of the view that the Prosecution’s harm-culpability
matrix has a number of inherent flaws which must be rectified.

199 Before explaining my views on this matter, I first make some conceptual
clarifications about the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix as this will
provide some context for the later discussion. In particular, these conceptual
clarifications go some way to explain some of the flaws in the Prosecution’s
harm-culpability matrix, and set the stage for the modified approach that I
take.

200 For completeness, I add that Ishibe has also proposed a sentencing
framework incorporating a harm-culpability matrix. However, I focus my
attention on the Prosecution’s framework given his counsel’s confirmation that
Ishibe is no longer proposing a sentencing framework. For the avoidance of
doubt, the following analysis also applies to Ishibe’s framework.

Conceptual clarifications about the harm-culpability matrix

201 To reiterate, the harm-culpability matrix in the Prosecution’s framework
takes the form of a nine-grid box. The indicative sentencing range of zero to
5 years’ imprisonment and/or fine under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA is split
up into nine indicative sentencing ranges situated within each box. To
determine the indicative sentence, one must consider the various offence-
specific factors that go towards harm and culpability. Harm and culpability
are thus the two principal factual elements (ie, independent variables)
derived from these factors and used to determine the indicative starting
sentence (ie, dependent variable). I make some observations about this
approach.

202 First, it is of utmost importance to understand the concept that harm and
culpability are continuous and independent variables. They are independent
variables in that they are parameters that operate separately and
independently (of each other) to affect the indicative starting sentence. They
are continuous in that they do not occur only in three discrete blocks of low,
medium and high or slight, moderate and severe. Rather, they exist on a
continuous spectrum that theoretically begins from zero and extends to
infinity. This is because the offences under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA may
be committed in a vast variety of ways, and correspondingly, be of vastly
different severities. These severities cannot be forced into only three
discrete categories of low, medium and high; or even nine further sub-divided
and discrete categories of (a) low, medium and high in the low category; (b)
low, medium and high in the medium category; and (c) low, medium and high in
the high category, so on and so forth. This is why I describe them as being
continuous independent variables that range in severity from very low to the
very high in a continuous fashion, with no fixed categories or boxes as such.
It is analogous to a line of continuously increasing severity, which comprises
an infinite number of points of increasing severity adjacent to one another
and packed very closely together to make up the said line.

203 This is a point that is often overlooked. There are a number of
implications. One of them is that a sentencing court must recognise that even
if two offenders fall within the same “box”, the offences committed may still
be of varying severities within that “box”. For example, one offender may be
in the lowest possible range within the medium-moderate box, while the other
offender may be in the highest possible range within that the same box. They
thus ought to be treated differently and accorded different indicative
sentences. To illustrate this, consider the following box (Figure 5) for
moderate harm and medium culpability in the Prosecution’s harm-culpability
matrix:

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 5: Comparison between two offenders within the same box

The green dots represent two different offenders. The offender at the lower
end of the moderate harm and medium culpability box (the lower left corner)
should receive an indicative imprisonment of one year while the other offender
(at the upper right corner) should receive two years according to range of
indicative starting sentences provided for all offences falling within that
box. Another implication of the fact that harm and culpability are continuous
variables is that there is no leap in harm or culpability when going from,
say, the lowest category to the middle one. Because harm and culpability are
continuous variables, the increase in harm or culpability across the
boundaries of these boxes is as smooth as the increase in harm or culpability
within these boxes. This ties into my next observation.

204 Second, terms such as “low”, “medium”, or “high” are merely labels used to
broadly refer to the level of harm and culpability present on the facts of a
particular case. This is not a novel point and has been recently recognised by
our courts (see for example, Wong Chee Meng ([10] supra) at [83], Ye Lin Myint
([196] supra) at [63]).

205 In a similar vein, while it may often be necessary to sub-divide the
various degrees of harm and culpability into simple categories of low, medium
and high when crafting a matrix (ie, the nine boxes representing different
combinations of harm and culpability with different severities in the
framework), this should be understood as a method of marking out generally how
harm and culpability shift continuously and smoothly across the matrix in any
direction (not merely just vertically and horizontally) rather than as an
attempt to carve out nine discrete, non-overlapping blocks. There is a
continuous increase in harm and culpability across these blocks, not jumps
when the boundaries of these categories are crossed. In essence, the notion
that there can only be nine possible combinations of harm and culpability for
the purpose of obtaining an indicative starting sentence is wrong because
there is in fact a whole canvas of continuous and adjacent points depicting
all possible combinations of continuous harm and continuous culpability in
each of the nine boxes in the whole harm-culpability matrix.

206 Third, it bears repeating that the purpose of Stage 1 of the Prosecution’s
framework (see [106] above), comprising Steps 1 to 3 of the framework, is to
derive a single indicative starting sentence for the offender based on one
particular combination of a specific level of harm and culpability resulting
from an assessment of all the relevant facts of the case. A sentencing court
has the unfettered discretion to consider and weigh all the offence-specific
factors going separately to harm and culpability that are present on the facts
of the case. However, once it has completed the weighing exercise and reached
a landing on a particular level of harm and culpability (if the court is able
to do so), the Double Variable Framework of harm and culpability must provide
one indicative starting sentence that is commensurate with the overall
severity of the offender’s offence. This is the Single Point principle.

207 The Single Point principle does not, in any way, detract from the
discretion of a sentencing court. To illustrate this, I use the example of two
courts who separately try a hypothetical Offender A for an offence under ss
6(a) of the PCA using the Prosecution’s framework. The two courts are wholly
entitled to come to different conclusions as to the severity of the offence
committed by Offender A, after assessing the facts of the case and hearing the
submissions of the parties, in the exercise of their discretion. However, if
they make the exact same assessment of the severity of the offence (eg, by
identifying the same level of harm and the same level of culpability with
reference to the same sentencing framework), Offender A ought to receive the
same indicative starting sentence because the indicative starting sentence is
determined solely by reference to harm and culpability and nothing else at
this first stage of the sentencing process. In other words, the discretion of
the court lies in the assessment of how the offence-specific factors
contribute to the severity of the offence through the independent variables of
harm and culpability, but once a particular severity is arrived at, the court
has to arrive at a particular indicative starting sentence by applying the
framework.

Issues with the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix

208 Having set out some of the conceptual clarifications as groundwork, I turn
now to explain the issues I have found with the Prosecution’s harm-culpability
matrix. I reproduce the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix for ease of
reference:

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 6: Reproduced Prosecution's proposed harm-culpability matrix

(1) Problem 1: Incompleteness

209 First, the Prosecution’s framework is incomplete as it is unable to
account for situations involving harm or culpability that go beyond “high” or
“severe”. As mentioned previously, harm and culpability are continuous
independent variables that exist on a continuum given the vast number of
possible fact scenarios that fall under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. There may
well be an abnormal case in which a private sector agent accepts a small bribe
to do a seemingly innocuous act but ends up causing an industrial accident at
a power plant that causes a massive explosion. At best, the Prosecution’s
framework simply does not apply in such a situation because it is meant to
cater to the vast majority of situations, not all situations falling under ss
6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA.

210 If that much is clear, no real problem exists. The problem, however,
arises if a sentencing court assumes that it should still apply the framework
– in such a case, the offender would fall in the low culpability and severe
harm box where the highest prescribed indicative sentence is 2 years’
imprisonment. This is less than half of the statutory maximum of 5 years’
imprisonment. It should also be borne in mind that if there are no offender-
specific factors that warrant an upward adjustment of the sentence at Step 4
of the Prosecution’s framework, the sentence will remain at 2 years’
imprisonment. This means that in cases where the severity of the harm tends to
infinity while culpability remains low or moderate (and vice versa), the
Prosecution’s sentencing framework (if applied in this manner) will
artificially restrict the sentencing court’s discretion and guide it to impose
an indicative starting sentence of a maximum of 2 years (see the range of
sentence of 1 to 2 years imprisonment found in both the top left box and in
the bottom right box), which is unlikely to be commensurate with the severity
of the offence.

211 However, the first problem is not serious and is largely a problem of how
the Prosecution’s matrix is used. It can be overcome by: (a) accepting that
the Prosecution’s framework simply does not apply in cases that present
extreme facts; or (b) expressly providing that when harm or culpability tend
towards infinity, the indicative starting sentence would correspondingly tend
towards the maximum sentence prescribed under s 6 of the PCA. That being said,
although this is an issue of application, the design of the harm-culpability
matrix can prevent this kind of misunderstanding. I bear this in mind in
coming to the matrix which I propose below in expressly providing for
potentially infinite harm and culpability (see [259], [264] and [275] below).

(2) Problem 2: Underutilisation of the sentencing spectrum

212 Second, the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix fails to utilise the
entire sentencing spectrum prescribed by Parliament. Section 6 of the PCA
states that an offender:

… shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $100,000 or to
imprisonment for a not exceeding 5 years or both. [emphasis added]

213 While the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix recognises the possibility
of fine or imprisonment, it does not factor in the possibility that the
appropriate indicative starting sentence can be a combination of both types of
sentences. This is contrary to the Completeness principle (see [154] above)
and creates gaps in the indicative sentencing as an entire type of indicative
sentence (ie, a fine in addition to imprisonment) is almost completely missing
without good reason.

214 This is most obvious at the high culpability, severe harm box (ie, the top
right box). It does not seem right that if a sentencing court decides that the
offence before it is so severe that it is one of the worst of its kind, it
remains limited to an indicative sentence of 5 years’ imprisonment even though
Parliament has decreed that a fine not exceeding $100,000 may also be levied
in addition to an imprisonment term.

215 I reiterate that under the Prosecution’s framework, all the offence-
specific factors are to be accounted for fully at the Steps 1 to 3 and nowhere
else, especially not at Step 4 which is meant for offender-specific factors
only. Even if the court subsequently imposes an additional fine of $100,000
after considering the offender-specific factors at Step 4, this is, in
principle, different from a determination that the maximum sentence may well
be warranted after a consideration of all the offence-specific factors.

216 That said, I recognise that in the absence of a concrete elucidation of
the correlation between fines and imprisonment (eg, that a fine of $X is
equivalent in its deterrent and punitive effect on an offender to an
imprisonment term of Y months), it is incredibly difficult for a sentencing
framework to be able to pinpoint an appropriate indicative starting sentence
involving a custodial term and/or a fine. A simple solution in the interim is
to state explicitly that the indicative sentencing ranges in all eight of the
nine boxes of the harm-culpability matrix includes a possible fine from $0 up
to $100,000 in addition to the imprisonment term in those boxes, as I do so in
the matrices that I arrive at in this case (see [264(f)] and [276] below).

(3) Problem 3: Ambiguity

217 Third, there is ambiguity in the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix as
it is commonly applied or interpreted, ie, without due regard to the
conceptual clarifications that I have made at [201]–[207] above. This
ambiguity presents itself at four intersection points of the boxes
(highlighted in red and blue) within the nine-grid harm-culpability matrix as
follows:

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 7: Illustration of ambiguity in the Prosecution's proposed harm-
culpability matrix

218 I illustrate the ambiguity by using the intersection point coloured in
blue. Given that harm and culpability exist on a continuum, it is not
inconceivable that a particular combination of factors going to harm and
culpability may cause an offender to fall squarely on the intersection points
between the four boxes. I refer to this hypothetical offender as Offender B.
There is ambiguity in the indicative starting sentence because three possible
options are open for Offender B, depending on where Offender B is taken to
land in the four boxes surrounding the intersection point:

(a) If he is taken to be part of the slight harm, low culpability box: a fine,
presumably of $100,000, given that the severity of Offender B’s crime is the
highest possible combination of slight harm and low culpability in the left
bottom box.

(b) If he is taken to be in the moderate harm, medium culpability box: an
imprisonment term of a year, given that the severity of Offender B’s crime is
the lowest possible combination of moderate harm and medium culpability in the
box in the middle of the matrix.

(c) If he is taken to be in the (i) moderate harm, low culpability box; or
(ii) slight harm, medium culpability box: an imprisonment term that must be
significantly less than a year. If the former, Offender B would be taken to
have the harm caused that is the lowest possible in the “moderate” range but
culpability is the highest possible in the “low” range. The 1-year indicative
imprisonment term is reserved for offenders who present with the highest
possible harm and culpability in the moderate harm, low culpability box, which
is the bottom middle box in the matrix. For similar reasons, if Offender B is
taken to fall within the slight harm, medium culpability box, his indicative
imprisonment sentence must be significantly less than a year because the harm
caused is the highest possible in the “slight” range, but culpability is the
lowest possible in the “medium” range. The 1-year indicative imprisonment term
is reserved for offenders who present with the highest possible harm and
culpability in the slight harm, medium culpability box, which is the middle
left box in the matrix.

219 It will be obvious that these options are mutually exclusive. Options (a)
and (b) in particular, are quite far apart. This is a problem because it means
that the three different courts may assess the same Offender B and arrive at
the exact same decision in terms of the severity of his offence but may give
him three drastically different indicative starting sentences. This cannot be
explained away on the basis of the sentencing courts’ discretion.

220 The same ambiguity problem arises at each of the three other intersection
points coloured in red in Figure 7 above.

221 This ambiguity is a fundamental flaw in the Prosecution’s sentencing
framework. It arises because the sentencing framework is designed in such a
way that presents these points of ambiguity as intersections between multiple
possible combinations of different levels of harm and culpability. It appears
to suggest that each of these points potentially represent multiple degrees of
severity, and therefore, give rise to multiple possible sentences, which
offends the Single Point principle – when in reality, they refer to the exact
same point on the matrix with the same ascertained combination of factors
going to the assessment of the degree of severity (ie, the values) for harm
and culpability for that point. Further, the relative relationship between
each of these intersections and the categories surrounding them is not made
clear in such a sentencing framework. As commonly applied and interpreted,
this gives more weight to the labels of slight, moderate, and severe harm; and
low, medium, or high culpability, rather than the specific and determinate
combinations of the values assessed for the two independent variables of harm
and culpability. Hence, any given point appears to bear different significance
depending on whether it is compared to the labels to the top and bottom, or
left and right. It bears reminding that not all offences under ss 6(a) and
6(b) of the PCA necessarily fall neatly within one box. As mentioned
previously, the labels of slight, moderate and severe for harm; and low,
medium, high for culpability are merely labels used to broadly categorise the
various levels of harm and culpability. Similarly, the nine boxes in the harm-
culpability are also broad categorisations of the infinite number of possible
combinations of harm and culpability for the offence. A sentencing framework
should be designed to avoid these ambiguities and to reflect these conceptual
clarifications.

(4) Problem 4: Cliffs and Discontinuities

222 Fourth, there are unexplained gaps in the indicative sentencing range in
the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix. I will refer to these unexplained
gaps as “cliffs” or “discontinuities”.

223 At first glance, the Prosecution’s harm-culpability framework appears to
partially adhere to the Continuity principle by spreading out the entire range
of possible imprisonment sentences across the full spectrum of offending under
ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. All nine boxes in the matrix (excluding the first
slight harm and low culpability box) appear to have continuous indicative
sentencing ranges when one moves horizontally or vertically across the boxes.

224 I should explain that when I say “move across the boxes”, I mean that the
court first considers a range of different offences that fall broadly within
one box, and then moves on to consider more offences that fall broadly within
another adjacent box. By way of illustration, as one moves horizontally from
the “slight harm, medium culpability” box to the next box of “moderate harm,
medium culpability” and finally to the third box of “severe harm, medium
culpability”, the indicative imprisonment range increases smoothly from up to
1 year, 1 to 2 years, and finally, 2 to 3 years.

225 However, one is not restricted to moving horizontally or vertically across
the harm-culpability matrix, one may also move diagonally.

(A) Diagonal cliffs

226 The first type of cliff arises when one moves diagonally within the harm-
culpability matrix, ie, where both harm and culpability are increasing or
decreasing at the same time. I refer to these cliffs as “diagonal cliffs” and
they occur at the areas marked out with red arrows in Figure 8 below.

227 To illustrate the diagonal cliffs, I use hypothetical Offenders C and D.
Their positions in the matrix are denoted by the blue dots marked with “C” and
“D” in Figure 8. Offender C’s harm and culpability are assessed to be the
maximum possible such that “C” can fall within the slight harm, medium
culpability box. Offender D’s harm and culpability are assessed to be minimum
possible for “D” to fall within the moderate harm, high culpability box. The
levels of both harm and culpability have increased very slightly as one moves
from considering Offenders C to D, ie, a diagonal shift upwards.
Theoretically, given that harm and culpability are continuous independent
variables in the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix, Offender D should
receive a slightly higher indicative sentence than Offender C.

* * *

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEAkACQAAD/2wBDAAMCAgMCAgMDAwMEAwMEBQgFBQQEBQoHBwYIDAoMDAsKCwsNDhIQDQ4RDgsLEBYQERMUFRUVDA8XGBYUGBIUFRT/2wBDAQMEBAUEBQkFBQkUDQsNFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBT/wAARCALEA3IDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHwAAAQUBAQEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtRAAAgEDAwIEAwUFBAQAAAF9AQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGE1FhByJxFDKBkaEII0KxwRVS0fAkM2JyggkKFhcYGRolJicoKSo0NTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqDhIWGh4iJipKTlJWWl5iZmqKjpKWmp6ipqrKztLW2t7i5usLDxMXGx8jJytLT1NXW19jZ2uHi4+Tl5ufo6erx8vP09fb3+Pn6/8QAHwEAAwEBAQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtREAAgECBAQDBAcFBAQAAQJ3AAECAxEEBSExBhJBUQdhcRMiMoEIFEKRobHBCSMzUvAVYnLRChYkNOEl8RcYGRomJygpKjU2Nzg5OkNERUZHSElKU1RVVldYWVpjZGVmZ2hpanN0dXZ3eHl6goOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4uPk5ebn6Onq8vP09fb3+Pn6/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD9F/i18Wrf4S2fh+STw/rHia913U/7KstP0T7MJmlFtcXLMWuZ4Y1UR2spyXznAAOa4z/hpXV/+iK/ED/wJ0H/AOWlH7Sv/IxfBX/sc5v/AEw6vVmgCt/w0rq//RFfiB/4E6D/APLSj/hpXV/+iK/ED/wJ0H/5aVZooArf8NK6v/0RX4gf+BOg/wDy0o/4aV1f/oivxA/8CdB/+WlWaKAK3/DSur/9EV+IH/gToP8A8tKP+GldX/6Ir8QP/AnQf/lpVmigCt/w0rq//RFfiB/4E6D/APLSj/hpXV/+iK/ED/wJ0H/5aVZooArf8NK6v/0RX4gf+BOg/wDy0o/4aV1f/oivxA/8CdB/+WlWaKAK3/DSur/9EV+IH/gToP8A8tKP+GldX/6Ir8QP/AnQf/lpVmigCt/w0rq//RFfiB/4E6D/APLSj/hpXV/+iK/ED/wJ0H/5aVZooArf8NK6v/0RX4gf+BOg/wDy0o/4aV1f/oivxA/8CdB/+WlWaKAK3/DSur/9EV+IH/gToP8A8tKP+GldX/6Ir8QP/AnQf/lpVmigCt/w0rq//RFfiB/4E6D/APLSj/hpXV/+iK/ED/wJ0H/5aVZooArf8NK6v/0RX4gf+BOg/wDy0o/4aV1f/oivxA/8CdB/+WlWaKAK3/DSur/9EV+IH/gToP8A8tKP+GldX/6Ir8QP/AnQf/lpVmigDOt/2pr+78VWXhuL4MfEB9avLK41CC2+0aEN8EEkEcz7v7U2ja11AME5O/gEBsdF/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtcZ4d/5Om8Gf8AYmeIv/S7RK+iKAPKv+FyeLv+iE/ED/wO8Pf/AC1o/wCFyeLv+iE/ED/wO8Pf/LWvVaKAPKv+FyeLv+iE/ED/AMDvD3/y1o/4XJ4u/wCiE/ED/wADvD3/AMta9VooA8q/4XJ4u/6IT8QP/A7w9/8ALWj/AIXJ4u/6IT8QP/A7w9/8ta9VooA8q/4XJ4u/6IT8QP8AwO8Pf/LWj/hcni7/AKIT8QP/AAO8Pf8Ay1r1WigDyr/hcni7/ohPxA/8DvD3/wAtaP8Ahcni7/ohPxA/8DvD3/y1r1WigDyr/hcni7/ohPxA/wDA7w9/8taP+FyeLv8AohPxA/8AA7w9/wDLWvVaKAPKv+FyeLv+iE/ED/wO8Pf/AC1o/wCFyeLv+iE/ED/wO8Pf/LWvVaKAPKv+FyeLv+iE/ED/AMDvD3/y1o/4XJ4u/wCiE/ED/wADvD3/AMta9VooA8q/4XJ4u/6IT8QP/A7w9/8ALWj/AIXJ4u/6IT8QP/A7w9/8ta9VooA8q/4XJ4u/6IT8QP8AwO8Pf/LWj/hcni7/AKIT8QP/AAO8Pf8Ay1r1WigDyr/hcni7/ohPxA/8DvD3/wAtaP8Ahcni7/ohPxA/8DvD3/y1r1WigDyr/hcni7/ohPxA/wDA7w9/8taP+FyeLv8AohPxA/8AA7w9/wDLWvVaKAPKv+FyeLv+iE/ED/wO8Pf/AC1o/wCFyeLv+iE/ED/wO8Pf/LWvVaKAPFNG/aN1rxBqWu2Fh8E/iBcXeh3q6fqEf2rQF8idreG5CZOqAN+5uYWyuR8+M5BA1v8Ahcni7/ohPxA/8DvD3/y1o+Df/JRfjt/2Odt/6j2jV6rQB5V/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrXqtFAHlX/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtH/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWteq0UAeVf8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a16rRQB5V/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrR/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrXqtFAHlX/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+Wteq0UAeVf8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0f8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa16rRQB5V/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrXqtFAHlX/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtH/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWteq0UAeVf8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a16rRQB5V/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrR/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrXqtFAHlX/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+Wteq0UAeVf8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0f8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa16rRQB5V/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrXqtFAHinhP8AaN1rxx4V0bxJonwT+IF7ousWUOoWNz9q0CPzoJY1kjfa+qBlyrA4YAjPIBrW/wCFyeLv+iE/ED/wO8Pf/LWj9k7/AJNZ+Df/AGJmjf8ApDDXqtAHlX/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+Wteq0UAeVf8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0f8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa16rRQB5V/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrXqtFAHlX/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtH/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWteq0UAeVf8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a16rRQB5V/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrR/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrXqtFAHlX/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+Wteq0UAeVf8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0f8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa16rRQB5V/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrXqtFAHlX/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtH/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWteq0UAeVf8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a16rRQB5V/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrR/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrXqtFAHlX/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrRp/x0v/8AhLvDGg698MPGHhL/AISK9l0+y1DVJ9Ilt/PS0uLso4tb+aQZitZcHYRkAEjNeq15V8ZP+Si/An/sc7n/ANR7WaAPVaKKKAPEP2lf+Ri+Cv8A2Oc3/ph1erNVv2lf+Ri+Cv8A2Oc3/ph1erNABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHO+Hf+TpvBn/AGJniL/0u0Svoivnfw7/AMnTeDP+xM8Rf+l2iV9EUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlXwb/wCSi/Hb/sc7b/1HtGr1WvKvg3/yUX47f9jnbf8AqPaNXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5V+yd/yaz8G/8AsTNG/wDSGGvVa8q/ZO/5NZ+Df/YmaN/6Qw16rQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5V8ZP+Si/An/ALHO5/8AUe1mvVa8q+Mn/JRfgT/2Odz/AOo9rNAHqtFFFAHiH7Sv/IxfBX/sc5v/AEw6vVmq37Sv/IxfBX/sc5v/AEw6vVmgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDnfDv/J03gz/ALEzxF/6XaJX0RXzv4d/5Om8Gf8AYmeIv/S7RK+iKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr4N/wDJRfjt/wBjnbf+o9o1eq15V8G/+Si/Hb/sc7b/ANR7Rq9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKv2Tv+TWfg3/ANiZo3/pDDXqteVfsnf8ms/Bv/sTNG/9IYa9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK8q+Mn/JRfgT/ANjnc/8AqPazXqteVfGT/kovwJ/7HO5/9R7WaAPVaKKKAPEP2lf+Ri+Cv/Y5zf8Aph1erNVv2lf+Ri+Cv/Y5zf8Aph1erNABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHO+Hf+TpvBn/YmeIv/S7RK+iK+d/Dv/J03gz/ALEzxF/6XaJX0RQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeVfBv8A5KL8dv8Asc7b/wBR7Rq9Vryr4N/8lF+O3/Y523/qPaNXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5V+yd/yaz8G/wDsTNG/9IYa9Vryr9k7/k1n4N/9iZo3/pDDXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXlXxk/5KL8Cf+xzuf8A1HtZr1WvKvjJ/wAlF+BP/Y53P/qPazQB6rRRRQB4h+0r/wAjF8Ff+xzm/wDTDq9WarftK/8AIxfBX/sc5v8A0w6vVmgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDnfDv/J03gz/sTPEX/pdolfRFfO/h3/k6bwZ/2JniL/0u0SvoigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q+Df/JRfjt/2Odt/wCo9o1eq15V8G/+Si/Hb/sc7b/1HtGr1WgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q/ZO/5NZ+Df/YmaN/6Qw16rXlX7J3/ACaz8G/+xM0b/wBIYa9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK8q+Mn/JRfgT/2Odz/AOo9rNeq15V8ZP8AkovwJ/7HO5/9R7WaAPVaKKKAPEP2lf8AkYvgr/2Oc3/ph1erNVv2lf8AkYvgr/2Oc3/ph1erNABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHO+Hf+TpvBn/YmeIv/AEu0Svoivnfw7/ydN4M/7EzxF/6XaJX0RQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAyaZbeGSVgxVFLEIhdsAZ4UAkn2HNcl8LPihpHxe8MS67osN5BZxX93prJfRCKUTW07wS/KCcDfG2O/sK7Cvn79iO4iuPhHr3lSJJt8aeJA2xgcE6rckZ/Ag/QigD2PXvHGjeGvEHhrRNQvEh1TxHdS2em22QXmeK3luJCB12rHC2W6AlR/EK3q+Xv2pvAfhDxd+0J+zt/wlfh3RNasrjVdXtbn+2LGGeOSIaTdSJG/mKQVEqq4U8blBHIryvVdP8ADHxP8CftP6744MMPxG8H61q50nWJpfKv9Fs4oFfSpLKXO6CORVR/3ZAldn3ZLYoA+8Lq5is7eW4nkWGCJDJJI5wqqBkkn0ArxPSP2t/Dd58Q9C8J6r4V8ZeEz4hlaDQtY8Q6P9lsNUlCF/LjbeXjcqCQsyRk9AM8V6D8G77X9U+EPge88VRtF4ouNCsZtWjZdpW8a3QzgjsfMLcVwfizV/AnxV8beEbnUPFGh/2R4R1g6laQyX8Ie71QRyW0RX5s7I/Plx/fkKY4T5wD2yivMv2jfgL4e/aR+Eut+CfENtDIt1E0lhdyJuewvAjCK4jPUMpY9OqsynhiK8G+DPk/G2PR/EsngPTdM8VfCXQLjw7HZ/2bGkdt4gUeW8Fv8o2xQpBG0YU7Nt8vdOAD7Gor8/f2a/C9l401P4RfEiy+KPhFfFzOE1iw0bw/LD4g1iZ4SLy01SR9SkMhjO6RmaEBDEGRVXatY3w9uNDs/iF+z/8AEfw8NN0LRvEniLVIm1fUbxZvEOtWj2l47y6nOuxNiyIAsJWTZiP50YFaAP0bqrql+NL0u8vTb3F0LaF5vItYzJNJtUnaij7zHGAO5Ir4r+Fvwt8CeKvDHx+1zUdWbRtU8O+LvFFvZ+KIb6VpvDsT2YieaMLIMbI2ZsHrsX+4u30f9mvS9C8AfEvxP4K/4Q7QvC/ia40Gw1GW+8GyY0jVrJZZ0iuViADW85aWTcrbiw2kSSBSQAe1fCr4kWXxb8B6Z4qsNN1bRoL0zRtpuu2ZtL61limeGWKaIk7HWSN1IyenBIrrao6Lotl4e02HT9PgFtaQ52xgljkkszEkksxYkliSSSSSSavUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeVfBv8A5KL8dv8Asc7b/wBR7Rq9Vryr4N/8lF+O3/Y523/qPaNXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHmfxW/aR+HPwSuobbxl4i/su4kiFw0UNlc3bQwkkCWYQRv5MZKsN8m1flbng13uga9pvirQ7DWdHvrfU9Kv4EubW8tZBJFPE4DK6sOCCCDmsvxbcQaZpt9HZ6ba6hrGqRtFDYyqAt5Js2jzjg/uwMBmIOF4wSQDjfAn4U2vwP+D/hLwHZ3Ul9DoVhHaG6k4M0g5kfHYM5YhewIHagDr7DWrHVLrUra0uo7i4024FreRocmCUxRzBG9D5csbfRxV2vz+TUJPgH8Mf2rfH3hi91i31zT/Hculwz3Or3l5BaxXCaSsl0baWR4Xli855BK6F9qBC3l/LXs1xb6t8Gf2mfhLovh3xL4g1/wn46tdWh1ax13V7jVFiktrZbiK9hkmd2i3MfLZEKxHzFwoOKAPfvGXjbRvh/oj6trl09tZqwjUQ28lxNK5BISOKJWkkYgE7UUnAPHFZ/wz+K3hX4xeG213whq6avpqXD2kreTJDJBOmN8UsUiq8bjIyrqDyOOa2vEWn3uoaTdLpVxaWGsiJxY317aG6jtpSpAcxh0LgZ5UOuRxkV4L+x+viLw7qHxW8H+L7Oxl8WaX4k+36n4i0sFLfWpLy3jmSbyz/qnWIRRtGOAETGc5IB9G0V8x/G5X+Cn7Qngj4s6p4o8QxfD7UXfQdd02fXrtdI0y6liCWd+bXzPJCEqYX3LsDTJLjeC1cZr2o+LfC3hb4dWGmahqpn+KviW7upofEni3UbJrW0e3nuLPTorwpcyWblFiDCJQxdJFUpuBUA+z6K+Mrq38f/AA38C6h4X8ceNr5G1DxfZR6DpHhbW7rWNauLaaN5DpB1K4S0kQuYJXFw7ho4wdz42k8dq3jHx9oP7Of7QthL4j1zRdV8I+LLS20mU67NqN5Y286WD/Z2vXAllUfaH+8SRuKh2ChqAPv6uQ8cfFvwj8NdY8LaX4m1qLSb7xRqC6Vo8csbsLq6YZWIMqkKTwAWIBJAByQK8X+KHwr8R+F77TZNL17x1438PSz6hqesaBZ+LZbLWS7LbLHNZOjwloYSspNr5iRlroYBwiV6V8M4dB+J3we8AXln4g1HxRotvb2VzHqF8StxqE1tt2SXQZdwlE0Qdl4PmJg9CKAPTaKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKv2Tv+TWfg3/2Jmjf+kMNeq15V+yd/wAms/Bv/sTNG/8ASGGvVaACiiigAooooAKKKKAPIvEv7Sui+EvG2i6HqfhrxRBpesarHolp4p+wIdKe+kfy44S3meaNz/KH8ryyejY5r1a9vbfTbOe7u54rW0t42lmnmcIkaKMszMeAAASSemK+Xv2pLfUtQuvCHxI8E+Ootel8P6/ZWsHgeRre60zU7lrgQOE2L5q3SLJIwYs+wxZCrhmr3b4zaPY+IPhH4z0/UrG31Kym0i6D2t1Cssb4iYjKsCDggH6gUAbXg7xVp3jvwjofiXSJWn0nWbGDUbOVl2l4Zo1kjYjsSrDitivz+8C2XhLRPAf7HvhW40jRrP4ceLtJ8/xPawW8UVnqetNpFt9kW/VQFmaVhMSsoO94o85KgV7d+y/o7+DvjT8d/COhEx/DfR9Q0s6LYxPvttPu5bQyX1rBziNFJgbyhgIZCABnFAHrPxS+K8PwxtdPEfhvXvGGq37uLfRfDVvFNeNGgHmTbZZI1EaFowWLdZEGDmuh8G+IpvFnhnT9XuNE1Pw5Ndx720vWUiS7t+SAsgjd0BIGcBjwRnByK8u+OHwd+Fnxm1Yx+JtVXS/GOg6ebm11TTdbex1LR4HLEXC7JBtQshO51KEx8528dH+zpqHijVPgj4RuPGU0l14jaz23N3LF5T3QV2WOdk/haSMJIV7FyMDpQB6PRXwrq3wp0D4C/Eb4g/CDQPB2nw6F8bIYptCeDTo3jtbhcQ6hA+VKmO3hdr2KNvkX98qjJxTPit4F0DUvjXqXwl1PV/AngvwjpfhOw/4RXSvGOhSXdsIybhbmexZb+2WO5RlTc+GkACFSo35APu2ivgrxR4T0jxcvhbwNq2p2fxK17Rvh096/iTxsAmlLYmeSKLU4bTc0kt45hXEvnJiMhi4ZgDS8FronxTt/2MrXxTqS60+reGdRstThuL9i14RpUZ8qYBssxDkkHlgxzkMQQD9Aq4i0+K1jc/F+8+Hb6LrtpqMGlf2vDqtxYMmmXkQeNJEguM4eSMyxblwMeYOvOPmDx94A8EfB/wAbXviWTQ9G8YeFPDeseH7LEc7jxB4NeFLJbSC2aQsZ7VyIZmhDIzGeU/vScD7HXQ7FdbbV/I3ai0H2YTszMVj3biqgnCgkAnAG7auc7RgAv0UUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5V8ZP+Si/An/sc7n/1HtZr1WvKvjJ/yUX4E/8AY53P/qPazQB6rRRRQB4h+0r/AMjF8Ff+xzm/9MOr1Zqt+0r/AMjF8Ff+xzm/9MOr1ZoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvPPiD8fPBnwt8Q6XofiO61W11PVCEsIrXQb+8W6c5/dxPBA6u/GSgJYAgkcivQ6+Zv2uYdSuPiZ8AY9Hu7Wx1NvFMoguL61a5hjb7M/LxLJGXHsHX60Aeq+MPj/wCC/AfizSPDOtXWrW+t6uM6faweH9QuPtWBuYRtFAysyjllByo+8BXVaV4m/tTxJrmj/wBk6pZ/2V5H+n3VtstbzzULf6PJn95sxtfgbSQOa+dvHen+M7H9qb9ns+Kte0LWY2u9d8hdH0SbTzGf7Lk3FzJeT7weMABcYPXPHS6TrXiiP4gftD2Gl67JJeabYWMuiLrFxutLG4ksZZAcH5Uj8zaW9hzwBQB75LJ5UbvtZ9oJ2qMk47D3rl/hr8R9N+KXhuTWtKgvLa2jvbqwaO+jWOUS28zwycBjxuRsc5x2FfN3wl8Ma/4u+JXwy1m21D4kJptrokl54tj8Q6vqkFlLqBWFrfyVaRYZsuZiywhrfYoG0ZwebsLy+8F/AxPGWna1q9lfaf8AEy6hW3tb2SO2kt5deeKeKSBSI5gyO3MgYqcbStAH2/RRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc74d/wCTpvBn/YmeIv8A0u0Svoivnfw7/wAnTeDP+xM8Rf8ApdolfRFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAFfUNPtdWsLmxvraG9srqJoZ7a4jEkcsbAhkZTwykEgg8EGuc8C/CfwR8L/t3/CG+DfD/AIS+3bPtf9haXBZfaNm7Z5nlIu7bvfGc43Njqa6uigDI8SeD9B8YwWkOv6Jp2uQ2lwl5bx6laR3CwzpnZKgcHa65OGHIz1rO1r4W+DPEviaw8R6v4R0HVfENhj7Jq17pkM13bYOR5crKXTB9CK6iigCG8s4NQtJ7W6gjubadGilhmQOkiMMMrKeCCCQQa880X9mn4Q+G9Ws9V0j4VeCdL1SzlWe2vbLw7ZwzQSKcq6OsYZWB5BByK9JooA5n4it4yTwvMfAcehy+I/Mj8pPEUkyWZj3DzNzQqzhtucYBGcZ4pvw58HyeC/Dhtbu5jvtWvLmbUNSvIYjGk91M5eQqpJIQZCICSQiICTjNdRRQBzuj/Dnwn4d8Saj4h0rwvouma/qIxe6rZ6fDFdXQznEsqqGfn+8TVG0+DngHT5BJa+B/DdtJ/aA1fdDpNup+2gEC6yE/1wDN+8+98x55rsKKAOJ8MfBD4c+CbPVrTw74A8L6Ba6tB9m1GDS9GtrZL2LDDy5lRAJFwzDa2R8x9TWl4J+GnhD4a21zb+EfCuieFbe6cSTw6Jp0NmkrDgM4jVQx5PJ9a6SigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q+Df/JRfjt/2Odt/6j2jV6rXlXwb/wCSi/Hb/sc7b/1HtGr1WgAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr4kfsw/D34t+Jl1/xPY6xeaosAtkktfEup2UaRg52rFBcIi5PJwvJ5Oa7PwD8P8AQvhh4WtPDvhuzkstJti7RxzXMtzIWdy7M8srNI5LMeWYnoOgFdFRQBwsfwP8Dx6v4t1E+H4ZpfFgxrVvcSyS2t4TGImZrdmMSsyKqsyoCwUbicVF8PfgR4J+F94l54f0u5S6itjZW82o6nd6g9pbEqTBbm5lk8iIlVPlxbV+VeOBXf0UAcf8R/hP4a+LFrpsHiO2vZf7NuftdnPp2qXWnTwS7Su5ZraWOQcMRjditfwr4P0jwTpZ0/RbJbO3eVp5WLtJLPK2N0ssjkvI5wMu5LHAya2aKAPIPi5ofiP4qavJ8O7rwTbz/D2/S1uNS8S3l/C8ciJOJJLRbTBkLsI1XecKBIWB3KFPafE74V+E/jL4Tn8M+M9Et9e0SZ1lNtOWUq6/ddHUhkcZOGUgjJ5rq6KAPMJv2Z/hvP4FsfCB8PMmi2OoR6tbNFqF1HeR3qDCXIu1lFx5wHy+YZN23jOOKxvFH7HPwj8Zaf4hsdV8LzS2niG5hvNWig1i+txeyxoqKZPLnXIIRGZejvGjuGdFYe0UUAedeJPgB4N8V2vhqHUIdaMnhy2ls9NvbXxHqVteRQyiMSI9zFcLLKGEMe7zHbO0ZrsfC/hjSvBfh7T9C0Owh0vSNPhWC1s7ddqRIBwB/Unkkknk1qUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlX7J3/JrPwb/7EzRv/SGGvVa8q/ZO/wCTWfg3/wBiZo3/AKQw16rQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQByeg/CTwN4W8SXniHRfBnh7SPEF6zPdarYaVBBdTsxJYvKqBmJJOcnnJrq2UMpBGQeCDS0UAcovwn8EL4Qm8Jjwb4fHhaZmeTQxpcH2J2ZtzM0GzYSW5JI681seG/C+jeDdFttI0DSbHQ9JthtgsNNtkt4IhnOFjQBVH0FadFAHL698LfBnirxFYeINa8I6DrGvaeAtnql/pkM91bAEkCOV1LIMkngjqa6iiigDzHwf4R8bap46l8R+P5fDxGlG6ttAs9AE7BYZnXNxcNMB+/wDLRU2oNqhpfmbfhet8XfDrwp4/+xf8JR4Y0bxJ9hlE9r/a+nxXX2eQdHj8xTtbgcjBroaKAMHV/APhjxBremazqnhzSdS1fSwwsNQvLGKW4tA33hFIylkz32kZrnW/Z7+FjXmkXZ+Gng83WjqiabOdBtd9iqSNKghby8xgSO7gLjDMT1JNegUUAclefCPwLqHjKPxfdeC/D1z4sjZXTXptKge+VlUKpE5TeCFAA54AArraKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvKvjJ/yUX4E/9jnc/wDqPazXqteVfGT/AJKL8Cf+xzuf/Ue1mgD1WiiigDxD9pX/AJGL4K/9jnN/6YdXqzVb9pX/AJGL4K/9jnN/6YdXqzQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeefEL4A+C/in4g0vW/Elpql1qWlsHsJbXXr+zW0cZ/eRJBOipJzy4AY4GTwK9DooA878YfADwX488WaR4m1q11a41vSBjT7qDxBqFv9lyNrGNYp1VWYcMwGWH3iaxPF3wJsNI0/wCIviDwRpvm+OvFVhNb3J1rWLyazvCwwFeKSR412rlUwmEB2jCEg+v0UAfLPw1/Zx0nTtY0260P4b+JfhXd2lxG9xeT+L5LiKWFeJIY4obyUMHTKZZYyobcOVAPon/DI/ww/wCEXl8Of2VrH9iS3w1N7I+JtU2NdBt3m/8AHzndu+b3YBuoBr2KigCGxs00+yt7WJpXigjWJGnleWQhRgFnclmPHLMSSeSSamoooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOd8O/8nTeDP8AsTPEX/pdolfRFfO/h3/k6bwZ/wBiZ4i/9LtEr6IoAKKKKACiiigAoopkieZG6bmTcCNy9R7j3oAwvBvi7/hMbTUZ/wCxdY0P7FqNzp3laza/Z3n8mQp58Qyd0L43I/8AEpBwK6Cvgn4hePPGGl/sa/GDWLXxn4gg1vQ/iReaVZaol+/2mO1XXorNYt/XaIXZQBgZ5r1qTwldyftVax4Ebxj4w/4RbVvBceuXdmviC5VxeLetB5kMwfzbYMrAlLd40JUfLjIIB9OUV8DfDXxz4z+IHwn/AGXrm/8AHHiK2u9c8UatoOqXFnfFJL62t11NIzKxBLybbaLLnncNww2CE+KGu+M/hj8Of2rvCem+PfE15YeDtP0zV9A1m61OWbU7GS7hkea0a7Y72CGNHUE7lWZeeQaAPtvxb4t/4RP+xv8AiS6vrP8AaepQ6b/xKbXz/snmbv8ASJ+RsgXb8z84yOOa36+Y/jN4a1f4V3/w6vNM8d+Lrx9f+I+lRX8N9qrPC0UqsJYEQAbIWMQbygdgLMAApxVfxHd33g74zrrnjLWfE8Giah4kgtdF8Q6Jr0smiQqzRwppl/p6uqRM0u9PO8t8sy75F+4QD6kor4h1fxR4g+InwQ+OXxVg8a+IPD/jbwLq+ux6bZWGqTRWWnx6YWaK1msgwhm81IwztNGznzjtKgKB1+n3HiD4t/tAaJpWq+JvE3h3SNb+GFtrl7ouj6nJZrDdyXKI+xlw8bAcbkKvxjcAWVgD6vor8/8AwR8SvGXi74OfsqXtx4y8QQ3ms+MbzQNVuo78iXULe3e/iUzsB87MLaMkkZzz15rf8XWes6b4T/aw0y38ceM0tPh3A2qeGm/4SO7+0WkzaJFe4e43+dPGspbEUzum1sbTwQAfcNFfFV741+Inx08XaD4SsZoUf/hXuj+JPKh8ZX3hiee6u/OWa6R7S0neZIjHGvlsyxqZPmWTcPL04F+Ik3ir9nHwz4t+IN0+s6ha67p/iO68J3zpa6jJaQlVky0SHf13NsGG3FMEK4APrXWNZsfD+nyX2o3MdpaRsqtLIcDczBFHuSzKoHckCrtfnV4shn8Y/Afxh4e1zW/EWsQeDfjhZ6Bpt5ea7dNd/ZTf2JVZJ1dZJCi3TqrOzMpVWDBlUj9CNF0iDQNIs9NtZLqW3tYlhje9u5budlAwC80rNJI3qzsWPcmgC7RRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlXwb/5KL8dv+xztv8A1HtGr1WvKvg3/wAlF+O3/Y523/qPaNXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFc/468eaF8NfDsmu+I77+ztKjngtmuPJklxJNMkMS7UVm+aSRFzjAzk4AJroK8b/ay8ceI/hr8HZ/EnhjVF0y/tdW0q2ctbJN5kVxqNtbSLhwQPkmY5x1AoA9kor5y8QeKvHXiD9r3WPhnYeNbjw74bPgOHxBC9hp1pJc29099Jb7keeORSMRA4dWB3sMA7Svmmh/Hj4mL8K/gJ8RNR8WLdy+JvF1h4U1bRINMtobK6inuZrVrkko0yzBoxJ8kix/w7O9AH2xRXyDqXin4y+Jo/j5JoXxJh0m58A6u39k250O1eK6jXTre6NtcM4J8tjIy7lIcFidxACi1pvxU+I/xo8f8AgDTfDni9PAum+MvhafF22LSoL17C8aWxCshlB34+0MpVvlKluN21lAPpXR/Heh+IPFXiHw3YX3n614f+z/2la+TIvkefGZIfmKhW3KCflJx3wa36+bLTx78UJ/FPx/8ADmlahD4j1nwzZ6UfD8H2OCDEtxavLLjJUMxP3RI+3KqDgbiebvv2htT8AfCPxlq9n42v/GGuWuo6Xo8Fn4x0eHT9R0O6u7hYM3sEEUAeMb/MRlUCQIQrEfOQD63or5zHivx18Lf2iPB3w91fxjc+NND8daRqc9lf6lYWkN5pd7ZLE7kfZ4okeFlmXCshYMvLkGvLPCvxw+KcPwz+BPxD1jxwt9F4o8Z2/hnU9Eh0a2jguIbm7uLdZC+PMWRCiEFGVdowyucsQD7for408TfFT4nzWH7UN9Z+PZNM/wCFYub3RobfSbNlmWPTVvGt5zJGxaJzlSVKyDqHHSusPxb8ZeE/jd8IYNV8RSazoHxB8PatqV5o4sreGDTZbS3trhGtWVPOIYSsrLLK+TyCvQAH0/RXxv8ACv4wfHL4gX3wz8c2nh/XZvCHieeCbWbHUW0CLR7LT7lP3ctnLFdG9aWNmiyswJk+f93E2EGH47+NnxX8N/Bn4v8AxDHj1Y1+H3jW4sINOh0S1K39nFcW0bQTMwJwUlbBQo4bJLkEKoB9wfaIvtAg81PPK7xHuG7bnGcemSOakr5n8K6LrVz+3f8AECVvGuvDTbPwxo90ujYtGtGWSW+TyfmtzIqBk8wFHVyzHc7LtUfTFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlX7J3/JrPwb/7EzRv/SGGvVa8q/ZO/wCTWfg3/wBiZo3/AKQw16rQAUUUUAFFFFABXP6n4u/szxlofh7+xdYu/wC1ILmf+1bW132Nn5Oz5LiXP7t5PM+QYO7Y/TFdBXhfxC1jVtL/AGtvhBptrrWow6RrGjeIJLzTFuCLaR7dbLyXMfQsvnycnPX2oA90or8+brxB4rj+APxt8aDx74t/4SHwZ8TdQsNFn/tmbyobaHUbeBYJIc+XPGY2KlJVcDJKhSST61eSax4S/aw8Q+CLLxX4jl0XV/hrceIZhe6rNcvDfw36Qia3EhK2+UkbKRKqcDCjFAH1ZRXwf4PvvGPh/wCEv7MPxPg+IPinVtf8SaloWja1peq6nJc2WpWt6uyY/Zz8oliXMolA3YjcuW616d8DfCer/ELxz8VbvVvH/jIxeGPiDe2Wn2cGrskHkHTbQmGRMYeMGYsq9EZQy4LMWAPoPwJ4t/4TrwrY65/Yur+HvtXmf8S3XrX7NeQ7ZGT95Hk7c7dw55VlPet+vjL4d3Hjn4ifsvfC7Uf7T17xZL9o1K61zTdP8SSaXrWrQJcXCIYLpXjYmNjEfL82JWG1SwACm7Y/Ey08eeJvgl8PNO8XeJT4R8R22uzXmoXN9PY6zd3NjIqDT5rhGWaOSIvIZPLdWYwLyEJDAH2BRXwb8QPGnjjwf8Mf2kvCVt4w194vAWt6OugeIpL12v1gvUtpntZLg/PL5QnK7mYuQy5bgV6OZNY8F/tYeJfBcHi7xPqOlaz8N5/EUg1LVGmFvew3ywebbqRtg3JLysQRPlBC55oA+q6K+CfhzrHiq4+DP7K/jKTx74sk8Q+L9Yg0PWZ5tXkmiurWezvpWzA+6LzFaBCs2zzBz8x4xb8R/FnxX8H5v2jvDmi69fT6b4f8SeF7HS77xFrFxcvpUOqR2ouna8nW4kSNTK7KzLIIy2drgbCAfddFfHv/AAi/xW+G+j/FeXVfEcWkeHbrwZd6lpOm23jTUPEOpWWoWyktcxXV3axOkLh4wYyzAMo2gBiFp+E9Q1/w38TP2XJpvGXinWf+FheHr221y21DV5HtpTHpKXUciw/dSRXUjzFxI24l2Y8kA+wdL1mx1pblrG5jultriS1laM5CyocOmfVTwfQgjqKu18x/sD+CdO8M/DHxFd2U+qySTeKtdtWjvtYu7uJUh1S5RCkc0rojkfedQGkPLljzX05QAUUUUAFFFFABXlXxk/5KL8Cf+xzuf/Ue1mvVa8q+Mn/JRfgT/wBjnc/+o9rNAHqtFFFAHiH7Sv8AyMXwV/7HOb/0w6vVmq37Sv8AyMXwV/7HOb/0w6vVmgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDnfDv/ACdN4M/7EzxF/wCl2iV9EV87+Hf+TpvBn/YmeIv/AEu0SvoigAooooAKKKKACmSxiaJ42LBWBUlWKnn0I5B9xT6KAPDZf2KfhHP4L1PwjLomtTeHNU1Iaxe2EnivV2S4vAxbznJusli2HOThmVWOWVSNn/hlzwB/wmX/AAlvl+Jf+El/sv8Asb+1P+Ew1jz/ALH5fl+Vu+1f8D3fe8z97nzPnr1migD4x+Lf7LNn4UvPhP4R+Hvwv8S614B0XxHL4g1X7F4pCm1L288WLZ7u/SeOQSyrMfKKAEFgS5Ne961+zF8OPEPw71LwPqGi3lx4c1S6+26lEdZvluNRmwBvurkTCe4OFX/Wu2dif3Vx6nRQB5Z4v/Zm8AePPD3hLRNbs9au9P8ACsizaOsfiXU4ZbeVQAkpljuFkkkQLhHkZmTLbSNxzZk/Z18AzeMZPE0uk3k+oyagurPbzavevYNeKQUuTZGY2/mqQCr+XuUgEEECvSqKAPM9c/Zt+HXiPxVqHiG/8PM99qTRvqUEN/cw2WosgwjXVokgguWAAGZY2PA9BSa3+zl4G8QfEq7+IF1ba1F4vurBtLfUrLxLqdqVtWTYYUjiuFSNf4xsUYk/eDEnzV6bRQB4Tpv7Efwh0fT/AA/Y2Wja5a2Xh++k1LSbePxdrASxuXOXliH2v5WJLE47u5/jbOhP+yD8MLmTxm8una858ZR+V4gB8W6vt1FPl4kH2rH3VCcYxGWj+4zKfZqKAPHdX/ZD+E+veH/Cmjaj4ZmvLbwqjRaNcS6vem8tImJJiF153nNHzgRs5UKAoAUADU1z9m34feIPFPg/xFcaReW2p+D4FttB/s3Wb2xg0+JeNscEEyRYZfkbKnegCNuUAD06igDxvS/2RPhbpHh3xRoUWialPpnia7TUdVivvEWpXTT3aOrrdB5bhmjn3IhMyFXOxcsdox63punwaTYwWdsrJBCoVd7s7H3ZmJZmPUsSSSSSSTVmigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr4N/8lF+O3/Y523/AKj2jV6rXlXwb/5KL8dv+xztv/Ue0avVaACiiigAooooAK85+O/wTs/j74IXwrqXiPXfDumm8t72V9Be3SWZoZFliVmmhlwqypG/ygHKDJxkH0aigDxWT9mbd8XLr4kR/EzxpD4muNBHhxnRdLMK2oDMpVDYnDiZmnz/AHzggx/u65NP2GdHi+HXhDwVH8TvH0ejeFNbXxBpR8zS2miu0k82Jmc2BLLHIZHVTwTKwbcAgX6WooA+KvhP8NT8Xvir8eLbV7/4meGPDviLV0aTT7nRptLsNe09bK2t3LS3FmGRmdJVIgkikZMZBUDHvcv7OmnD41aH8SLPxV4i0u60bSv7DtNBsms00tbElGaAxm2MhVmjRs+ZkFF2kAAV61RQB4mv7Ldj/wAJd8RfELePfGTXPjhYRewrcWUcdm0DqbV7Upaq8bQquxSzNkEl97YYTN+yr4T1zRfGVj4yv9X+IFz4tsrfTtU1LXpIEuHtrdme3jQWsMMcflu7SBlQNuOSxIGPZqKAPKfDf7P1voV42qXnjTxR4j8SQaVPo+l69rElnJdaTBLs3m3VLZYjIWjiYySxyM3lqGLLkHz6H9hnR7f4d+D/AAVF8TvHyaN4U1xfEOlEy6W80V2knmxFnawO9Y5DI6qeCZWDblCBfpeigD56uP2NdPurP4n2snxL8cmL4jZGvYbSwZFMYhZYz9h/dgwjyuP4efvfNWhb/soW0fi74Z+I7j4keNb6/wDh/bSWelLcHTAk0MpUTJOFslL74kjiJBVtsYIIcs7e60UAeLfDn9lHwv8AC3xAbvRdd8UHw9FdvfWPg+51UyaLp8zEtuhg2hgAzFlRnZFbDKoYAjkdR/YZ0fWPhz448EX/AMTvH15ofjPVjrOsiSXS/NluGIaTYwsB5auyxMVUDBiULtBcP9L0UAebaL8D7LR/iRbeOD4l1+8106NBouotNLbrFqscDvJDLcJHCuJFaSQ/uvLU7iCpHFek0UUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeVfsnf8AJrPwb/7EzRv/AEhhr1WvKv2Tv+TWfg3/ANiZo3/pDDXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFef+KPgP4N8ZfEjRPHmq2mpyeKdFiaDT7y31y+tkt0b76rDFMsWH4D5Q7wFDZAGPQKKAPCj+xL8Im8Ja34XfRtck0DWtQGq6lYSeLdYaO7uwSxmkzd5ZmY7mP8AGyIzZKIVk8Xfs7eFPDd9d/EHQvDnibxP4/sNGOkaeo8WXsk08GwRi3Iu7xYGTOJG8w4ZgZDuk5PuNFAHzL+xx+zjYfD34V+BpvFHgrU/D/jfw/Zi1a21bWjf28Fx5QSa6tIY7qa3g83c4LIsbnLbhzz6Z4L/AGb/AAJ8PJPF8vh+z1iwn8WeY2szHxHqUslzI4IaYO9wzRy4OBLGVcYGGGBj06igDxzR/wBkf4Y+HfCOleGtK0vWdN0nSbua+05bTxRqsU9nLKoEvkzrciWNWxkorhcs5xlmJ3NT/Z3+HureC9H8KzeHUi0jR7j7ZpzWd1PbXVpcFmZp4rqN1nWVi7lpA+5i7bicmvR6KAPK/Ev7MPw38X/DmbwJquh3Vx4Yub0ajeW0er3sUt9cAY8y5nSYS3DcKT5rtkohPKKRSvv2TfhxqXij/hI7m28SS67/AGV/Yf8AaH/CY6yJfsOwKYNwu/unAY92f94cv81ew0UAeH/8MXfCdfD/AIZ0NNK16HSvDNwbvRbaHxfrEY0+boJISt2CjAE7SD8u5tuNxzt2H7L3w2sNe8aawdDur+88ZwNb+IE1TWL6+t9QQ4ADwTzPHlQoVCFBjX5UKqSK9VooA8j0X9lH4XeG/h/rvgrS/Ds9j4e1yFLbUI4dXvVuJ4EJKwfafO85Yhlh5auE2u642swNez/ZG+GVhfeCbuDTtdWfwVH5Xh4nxXqzDT0JOVRTdYIKt5ZDA5jCxnKKqj2SigDk/BPws8MfDq81u58O6adOfWb2XUbxBcyyRGeVt0rxxu5WHe3zMIwoZuSCea6yiigAooooAKKKKACvKvjJ/wAlF+BP/Y53P/qPazXqteVfGT/kovwJ/wCxzuf/AFHtZoA9VooooA8Q/aV/5GL4K/8AY5zf+mHV6s1W/aV/5GL4K/8AY5zf+mHV6s0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc74d/wCTpvBn/YmeIv8A0u0Svoivnfw7/wAnTeDP+xM8Rf8ApdolfRFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5V8G/+Si/Hb/sc7b/1HtGr1WvKvg3/AMlF+O3/AGOdt/6j2jV6rQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeVfsnf8AJrPwb/7EzRv/AEhhr1WvKv2Tv+TWfg3/ANiZo3/pDDXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXlXxk/wCSi/An/sc7n/1HtZr1WvKvjJ/yUX4E/wDY53P/AKj2s0Aeq0UUUAeIftK/8jF8Ff8Asc5v/TDq9WarftK/8jF8Ff8Asc5v/TDq9WaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOd8O/wDJ03gz/sTPEX/pdolfRFfO/h3/AJOm8Gf9iZ4i/wDS7RK+iKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr4N/8AJRfjt/2Odt/6j2jV6rXlXwb/AOSi/Hb/ALHO2/8AUe0au18d/wBhv4Vv4fEWqtoukSptnvI9Ul0141yDlbiKSN4zx1VwaTaSuy4wlUkoQV2+h0FFfl9+xz4Z8ffGb9mv4ra7rHxN+IVl4/0LU5n0LVJPF2oSLB5VvHPFHLbPM0MsbNkOskZJRyMjgj6n/wCCeP7SWtftQfs52niPxMI5PE2l6hNoupXcMSxJdyxpHIswRflUtHNHuCgLvDEBQQoUZKS5ou6Kq0qlGbp1YuMlo01Zr1R9NUVj+LLHV9U0Oaz0TU10W9uCsZ1LyllktoyR5jxI4KGXbnYXDIrFWZJFUxt5z8DNY8Yf8JV8SPC/ibWpfFdh4c1S3t9M8Q3VrBBc3KTWsc7wzCBEiLxGQLuREyrLkZzVGR69RXmx/aH8DrN47he71aOTwOhk15ZPD+or9lTDHcmYP36lVLgw7wUw4ypBp+rftBeBdB1iy03UdTvLOa5e2iaabSL0W1pNcBDBBd3Hk+VaTP5keIZ2jf8Aex/L865APRqK8vtf2mPhvdeLJPDv/CQvBepLeW4urvTrqDT5JbRXe7jjvpIhbSNEschdUkJXy3zja2KGh/tZfDHxNocOtaPrGqatpFxIIrW+sfDupTQ3bneWWBltyJigikMnl7vLCMX2gE0Aev0VmeGfEmmeMfD2na7ot5HqOkajbpdWl5DnZNE4DI657EEEfWtOgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKv2Tv8Ak1n4N/8AYmaN/wCkMNeq15V+yd/yaz8G/wDsTNG/9IYa9UJCgk8CgBaK8X/aL8O+G/HXw31XUpvh/H8Zp9LguIbTw7DJbzxpOyDdII5pFjEqgABwGmQMwjH7xw2v8B9e/tr9m3wTqPhu5vfEU/8AwjlutnL4odrS5upo4AgF46rKY3LriRlEuDuI8zjK32KlFxdpKzPUaK8K8A/tEa/408P+Hb2bwjpel6lNqmpWXiHTH12V30OGxZluJifsg85gwiXZhAfPiIcqxYc54F/bE1fxvNeXEXwq8QwaHNolzrelalNb3tpFIsaCSOG7mvbO2tbd5UOVaO4niBVsyY2szJPpiivkmH9u6+Xwj4/1R/h7HrN74TOjyFfDeui5sb231CSSOOeK7ube2EiK0TLuiSRGLJtcjeydrqv7TGueFviXoXgTxD4Y8N6d4i1GO2m+xr4tCNOk9y8K/YjcWsK3bRhC8sasrqGUIspYUAfQNFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeVfGT/kovwJ/wCxzuf/AFHtZr1WvKvjJ/yUX4E/9jnc/wDqPazQB6rRRRQB4h+0r/yMXwV/7HOb/wBMOr1Zqt+0r/yMXwV/7HOb/wBMOr1ZoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA53w7/ydN4M/wCxM8Rf+l2iV9EV87+Hf+TpvBn/AGJniL/0u0SvoigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAoorHm8YaDb3V1bS63p0dzaRtLcQtdRh4UUEszrnKgAHJPpVKLabS2Jcoxai3q3Zeb7LzPnjUfjDH8Hte+N96lsl5qN343t47eGVisYC+HdGLuxHYDHTuwr4m+JcXib4+eJNe8XaRZ6hqlrbFGuYvtMk6Rl32lrdZGLCEOVG0Ehd3Zfu+teItE8R/tUeM/ixrHgu0N74BsfFay/aIyVudQlOkaVA8ca90AtkfsSJB9B9C/sh/B/WPBN1qWt6tpsujRvbCytbSdDHIVLK7MUPKgbVAzycmuurl2DzjJ5Tk1Dkd+a95Tk9lFX0gk7t2vJ7WSu/YynibMvD3iaDpxdatVXLKnZqnRpr43Ula7rykmopPlpx+LmlLlj5V8Df2V/2gfgz8J/iH4IsbrwDHc+MtRef/AISU6xeyy6TBLFHA5jtPsSiaVIkYpmZF37c5UEH6U/Zb/Zz0T9ln4OaV4D0W6k1MwO91fapNEInvrqQgvKUBIUYCqq5JCIoLMQWPrVFefCKpxUI7LQ4cRiKmLrTxFZ3nNuTfdt3b+85f4lN4xXwfer4Dt9Hn8TOAlsddu5La1jz1ctHDKxIHIXbgnqcVhfB3R/GGgabNYeI9E8PaFZQqGgTR9Yn1Se7nd3ee4uJpLW2Ad2YMQEYszMSw4Fei0VZznz14l0XQ/iB+0ppc/hLxVptzeWdobLxzpNjIlw3kW06XFilxsb9xMLguqrIMyRSXIA+TK5ms/sxzL8YvFPiJfh58MvHNh4i1C31OPXPFtv8A8TbRZRFHDKkai0l+1RL5KTRqZrc7nkTco2uPpiigD4/P7Ovxds/ix4Y8dSWng7xXrvhvxBq1/FrGseJb6K61Cwu4buGC1C/YZUsUhSeL9zDvjdoyx2sSzauk/s4+N0/Zx8G+CNX0bwzfeIfDeoS3MM9h4q1HTmjDLNsuLa/gtVlt51M7AqYpEZQyn7/y/VdFAHJfCXw74g8I/DXw5o3inW38R+ILKzSG81ORt7TOPV9qeYQML5hVS+3cVUsQOtoooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiikJCgk8CgD5h+Gfxw034P8A7J3wPE9pJqeo3ngzSDDZxyCP5VsYcszYOBkgDg559DXyP+0J8U/G3xT1TWtU0fX/ABJqfgmJ44rqzAKWthLIzBbdzEAkgyvyuwychTkjJmutcvPix8HvhPD4Xt759D8PeCdF0jWdZSFvKjuVtVZ4UbH3hkgn2+mfrz9jP4YN4c8A60dQ0xYtL1OWJYbS7iBEixhsyFWHILP1PXb9K7MfllDNMnVWg+Xles2370r25Ixuk4xWspPqrLq17HDHEuJ4F4n/AOFGmq1SrFONFKP7qlZS9rUm4txqTatTpxaai+advdjLqPh38AdU8K/Cnwb4c0/x14h8Gvp9l/xMLfQodPZbu4kPmSl2ubWZwQzMoMbJx9Bj1PRdBsfAfhG10nQtNk+waXaCG0sIJA0jqi/KgeVxudsfekfknLNyTW1RXn04RpQUI7LQ4sZiquOxNTFV3ec5OTfm3dnk/wAKfh7D/wAJd418e6h4Vu/CupeKnhjl0bUrmGeRUihWJpZEgllgSSXYoby3bckMBc7gVXFX9k3RpPh/q3gG78a+MNQ8AXWnXGlWfhq4u7UQaZBIGVFhmS3W4kEKMUjW4lmQALlWKIV9yorQ5D5y8R/sW2niqbxDPqXxY+IE9x4itrC11eX/AIk+bxLKWSW1yP7OxGUaRv8AVhN38W45J7X4ifs8WHxSk0+LxF4r8Q32kwizN5o8gsXtNQkt33pK4a2LQSFidz2rQMcgAjau31iigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAryr4yf8lF+BP8A2Odz/wCo9rNeq15V8ZP+Si/An/sc7n/1HtZoA9VooooA+fv2uPDOj+MLn4O6Rr2lWOt6TceM5POsNStkuIJduh6sy7o3BU4ZVYZHBAPauS/4Zp+EP/RKvBP/AITtn/8AG67/APaV/wCRi+Cv/Y5zf+mHV6s0Aeb/APDNPwh/6JV4J/8ACds//jdH/DNPwh/6JV4J/wDCds//AI3XpFFAHm//AAzT8If+iVeCf/Cds/8A43R/wzT8If8AolXgn/wnbP8A+N16RRQB5v8A8M0/CH/olXgn/wAJ2z/+N0f8M0/CH/olXgn/AMJ2z/8AjdekUUAeb/8ADNPwh/6JV4J/8J2z/wDjdH/DNPwh/wCiVeCf/Cds/wD43XpFFAHm/wDwzT8If+iVeCf/AAnbP/43R/wzT8If+iVeCf8AwnbP/wCN16RRQB5v/wAM0/CH/olXgn/wnbP/AON0f8M0/CH/AKJV4J/8J2z/APjdekUUAeb/APDNPwh/6JV4J/8ACds//jdH/DNPwh/6JV4J/wDCds//AI3XpFFAHm//AAzT8If+iVeCf/Cds/8A43R/wzT8If8AolXgn/wnbP8A+N16RRQB5v8A8M0/CH/olXgn/wAJ2z/+N0f8M0/CH/olXgn/AMJ2z/8AjdekUUAeb/8ADNPwh/6JV4J/8J2z/wDjdH/DNPwh/wCiVeCf/Cds/wD43XpFFAHm/wDwzT8If+iVeCf/AAnbP/43R/wzT8If+iVeCf8AwnbP/wCN16RRQB5v/wAM0/CH/olXgn/wnbP/AON0f8M0/CH/AKJV4J/8J2z/APjdekUUAeM6D+zj8Jpv2kvCemSfC/wY+mzeEtduZbNvD9oYZJY7zR1jkZPLwWVZZQGIyBI4H3jn3f8A4ZO+CH/RG/h//wCEvY//ABquM8O/8nTeDP8AsTPEX/pdolfRFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/6I38P/8Awl7H/wCNUf8ADJ3wQ/6I38P/APwl7H/41XqtFAHhfxA/Zm+Cfh/wJ4i1OL4RfDy2ms9OuJ45pPDNgqo6xsVJJi9QK/NvQ/hL4W8fa9ZpZ+CtFh0n7QiRrHpkSSXrlgAoIXIUnjjk/wAv0R1bwj4o/aS8ZXVr4p0+88MfC7RL1ol0ec7LjXp43/1kuOluCOADhuuTwR6lo3wX8EeHteTWdN8N2VnqEfMbxKQkZ9UjzsU89QBXdlmPpWnTxMG6W9raza2Tb1UO6Wsuvu6PTPMpnl8adXA1YvGtW5r3jQjLdxSvGddrRN+7SW37yzh4n8Jf2Y/g7f8Ajr4zW118KPBF1b6f4st7azin8O2ci28R0LSZTHGDGdqmSWR8DjdI7dWJPpn/AAyd8EP+iN/D/wD8Jex/+NUfBv8A5KL8dv8Asc7b/wBR7Rq9VrhMzyr/AIZO+CH/AERv4f8A/hL2P/xqj/hk74If9Eb+H/8A4S9j/wDGq9VooA8q/wCGTvgh/wBEb+H/AP4S9j/8ao/4ZO+CH/RG/h//AOEvY/8AxqvVaKAPKv8Ahk74If8ARG/h/wD+EvY//GqP+GTvgh/0Rv4f/wDhL2P/AMar1WigDyr/AIZO+CH/AERv4f8A/hL2P/xqj/hk74If9Eb+H/8A4S9j/wDGq9VooA8q/wCGTvgh/wBEb+H/AP4S9j/8ao/4ZO+CH/RG/h//AOEvY/8AxqvVaKAPKv8Ahk74If8ARG/h/wD+EvY//GqP+GTvgh/0Rv4f/wDhL2P/AMar1WigDyr/AIZO+CH/AERv4f8A/hL2P/xqj/hk74If9Eb+H/8A4S9j/wDGq9VooA8q/wCGTvgh/wBEb+H/AP4S9j/8ao/4ZO+CH/RG/h//AOEvY/8AxqvVaKAPKv8Ahk74If8ARG/h/wD+EvY//GqP+GTvgh/0Rv4f/wDhL2P/AMar1WigDyr/AIZO+CH/AERv4f8A/hL2P/xqj/hk74If9Eb+H/8A4S9j/wDGq7Xxt8QvCvw10qLU/F3iXR/CumzTC2jvNbv4rOF5SrMIw8jKCxVHO3OcKT2NblvcRXUEc8EiTQyKHSSNgyspGQQR1BHegDy7/hk74If9Eb+H/wD4S9j/APGqP+GTvgh/0Rv4f/8AhL2P/wAar1WigDyr/hk74If9Eb+H/wD4S9j/APGqP+GTvgh/0Rv4f/8AhL2P/wAar1WigDxPxh+zJ8FtB8Ja3qdv8Gfh89xZWM9zGreF7HBZI2YD/Veor80v+Fc+EPG2ufZNN8HaDDpwmC3N5b6Tbo0hJ5jhwmB16jgdu2f0K8Uap4g/ae8S6j4Q0Jr3w78NdLuWtNe1oo0NxqkqNh7OAHBVARh2xnt04bsPCv7K3w/8HeILXVNNsbhFtHEltYyT77eJgchgCNxIPPzMeRXo5Xj6Eo1KNdfunu0venb7Cf2Y/wA0lq9lZajz3J8RlToYug1LHfZjJ+5QUrP2s46qdW3wU37sPiknK0V57+zF+zF8Hdc/Zs+FGpal8KPBGpale+E9Kurq8vPDtnNNPNJZxO8ju0ZZmZiSSTkk16Z/wyd8EP8Aojfw/wD/AAl7H/41R+yd/wAms/Bv/sTNG/8ASGGvVa84R5V/wyd8EP8Aojfw/wD/AAl7H/41R/wyd8EP+iN/D/8A8Jex/wDjVeq0UAeVf8MnfBD/AKI38P8A/wAJex/+NUf8MnfBD/ojfw//APCXsf8A41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/wCiN/D/AP8ACXsf/jVH/DJ3wQ/6I38P/wDwl7H/AONV6rRQB5V/wyd8EP8Aojfw/wD/AAl7H/41R/wyd8EP+iN/D/8A8Jex/wDjVeq0UAeVf8MnfBD/AKI38P8A/wAJex/+NUf8MnfBD/ojfw//APCXsf8A41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/wCiN/D/AP8ACXsf/jVH/DJ3wQ/6I38P/wDwl7H/AONV6rRQB5V/wyd8EP8Aojfw/wD/AAl7H/41R/wyd8EP+iN/D/8A8Jex/wDjVeq0UAeVf8MnfBD/AKI38P8A/wAJex/+NUf8MnfBD/ojfw//APCXsf8A41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/wCiN/D/AP8ACXsf/jVH/DJ3wQ/6I38P/wDwl7H/AONV6rRQB5V/wyd8EP8Aojfw/wD/AAl7H/41R/wyd8EP+iN/D/8A8Jex/wDjVeq0UAeVf8MnfBD/AKI38P8A/wAJex/+NUf8MnfBD/ojfw//APCXsf8A41XqtFAHlX/DJ3wQ/wCiN/D/AP8ACXsf/jVH/DJ3wQ/6I38P/wDwl7H/AONV6rRQB5V/wyd8EP8Aojfw/wD/AAl7H/41XFeL/gj8Ovhr8WvgdqfhHwB4X8K6lN4turaS80TRrazmeI+H9XYxl40UlSyIducZUHsK+iq8q+Mn/JRfgT/2Odz/AOo9rNAHqtFFFAHiH7Sv/IxfBX/sc5v/AEw6vVmq37Sv/IxfBX/sc5v/AEw6vVmgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDnfDv/J03gz/ALEzxF/6XaJX0RXzv4d/5Om8Gf8AYmeIv/S7RK+iKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigApr7ijBCFbHBYZAP0p1FAHiX7LfjTxj4us/iZbeNtctdf1PQfGt9o8FzY6etjAtvHDbuiJEGdgoMj43yO3PLGu2b4yeF1+I+o+BPN1Q+KLCw/tSa1GiXxiNtgfvI5/J8qXk7cI7EsGTG5SBxf7N/w+8d/D+++IsvjHT/DtpH4l8ST+Irb+w9YnvjEZo4o2gcS2kHC+SCHBO7eRtXbk5Hx50rRvH3xM8G6N4d8W6fYfEaylltL/T7aVJrz+wrqIi9E0SsHiQhInjmYbRMkA537WAOuv/2nvh1pnhzS9euNV1JNK1CxGqLOug6g5trJiwW6u1EBa0gbY5WW4EaMEcgkKxFjUP2kPh5pfjOHwvNrkzanLeWunCaDTLuaxS6uVV7e3e9SI28csivGVRpAx8xOPmGfPfix+za/iD4uTeMbX4efDn4lWF/o9vps2leOlED6bJbySGOS0mFldfJIk7K8RRcGKNgxywHF/ET9mH4n+I/FsWoQxeDfEMWj+JdF17w9c6lq17YJpttZG1aTT7axS2nhtFd4Zv8ASI2dyrqrhgBtAPfvh/8AtA+A/irrl9pfhDWZfEcljNNbXN7p+nXUlhFNEQHiN4IvI38ghfMyykMoIINeiV4/+zn4E8aeA7XxsvjGy0Gzl1vxHd69bLoeqzXyqtw25onMtrBgptADAHdk8LjB9goA+Qv2/P2mPFfwjufhp8Ovh/eR6N4z+IWsJp8WuzWyXC6bB50MbOsb/Kzs06AZBAVZOhKsPQNW/Zf1PRfhxd6f4I+KHj3TvGg05rWLX9c8T3eprdSbMfvoblpYYt7BSZLeKORMfu2UZVof2vv2SbT9qHQ/DdxZa6/hLxv4VvhqOha/Hbi4EEmVZo3jJG5GMcZznKsinkZVuo8MzfHHVrPTbDxPp/gXw5IEj/tDW/D+q3eoPIRjzBb2k9pEsRf5trPNKI+MpL0oA9booooA8q+Df/JRfjt/2Odt/wCo9o1eq15V8G/+Si/Hb/sc7b/1HtGr1WgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDlPHkmg6HZy69qmmR6pfC1k0y1t9iyTXQnZM2kQc7czOkQIOAdiljtTI5/wCC3wx1T4S/APw74JtNQtU1rS9K+zRXVxC9zbQXBDMoMYeNpIo2YKFDoWVQMqTkaPxA+C/hj4natpWp64dcS+0sSCzm0fxHqOlmLeMOQLWeIFiCV3HJwSM44ra8O+ErTwD4VbSvDttJIIRLLEupahPPJPM5LkzXMpllYsx5dt7AdjgCgDxP4b/Grx74o0/TbHV7nw7beK9E1bVIfGVja6PcbYbW0wQLUG7JWSVZrR0dywZJy2wbCp5rwX+0l8X9W8M3fjjXvBGkaB8Przw1Pr9lrWr3Nta2unMYlmtUmmgv7qW6idWwZVtoGGARF8+1fcPhn4FvdL17xJ4x8RaPouk+MPERt4ryPRLh7qNLe3QpAhuHhhaZstI24xpgSBMEIGbHtv2Vvhla6Zq+lDQbuXQtTgureXQ7jWb6bTIEuSxm+zWbzmC1Y+ZIA0CRsiu6oVDEEA8Gu/2tfi1ofhf4otP4e8P6hrPhRdAu7K51LTbzQo7q11GaaJma0ea4nUq0OFEphfDktGpQK/d+Ovjl4/8AhJ460DRPF2oeGrXSrxrNG8RTeG9RttLu5bi6eN7dbpLidLOaKNVIFwNszSDDRAGum1H9i34U6sb9rzT/ABJcPqEVvBfO/jTWi16kDs8Anb7Zmby2dtm/ds6LgACuv174CeDPE2qWOoanaandz2sFvbMja7fiG8jgYtCt3EJwl2FYsf8ASFkyWbOdxyAegqoXgAAZzxS0UUAeVfsnf8ms/Bv/ALEzRv8A0hhr1WvKv2Tv+TWfg3/2Jmjf+kMNeq0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeVfGT/kovwJ/wCxzuf/AFHtZr1WvKvjJ/yUX4E/9jnc/wDqPazQB6rRRRQB4h+0r/yMXwV/7HOb/wBMOr1Zqt+0r/yMXwV/7HOb/wBMOr1ZoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA53w7/ydN4M/wCxM8Rf+l2iV9EV87+Hf+TpvBn/AGJniL/0u0SvoigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q+Df8AyUX47f8AY523/qPaNXqteVfBv/kovx2/7HO2/wDUe0avVaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr9k7/k1n4N/wDYmaN/6Qw16rXlX7J3/JrPwb/7EzRv/SGGvVaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvKvjJ/yUX4E/wDY53P/AKj2s16rXlXxk/5KL8Cf+xzuf/Ue1mgD1WiiigDxD9pX/kYvgr/2Oc3/AKYdXqzVb9pX/kYvgr/2Oc3/AKYdXqzQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBzvh3/k6bwZ/2JniL/0u0Svoivnfw7/ydN4M/wCxM8Rf+l2iV9EUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlXwb/AOSi/Hb/ALHO2/8AUe0avVa8q+Df/JRfjt/2Odt/6j2jV6rQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeVfsnf8ms/Bv8A7EzRv/SGGvVa8q/ZO/5NZ+Df/YmaN/6Qw16rQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5V8ZP+Si/An/sc7n/ANR7Wa9Vryr4yf8AJRfgT/2Odz/6j2s0Aeq0UUUAeIftK/8AIxfBX/sc5v8A0w6vVmq37Sv/ACMXwV/7HOb/ANMOr1ZoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA53w7/ydN4M/7EzxF/6XaJX0RXzv4d/5Om8Gf9iZ4i/9LtEr6IoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKvg3/yUX47f9jnbf8AqPaNXqteVfBv/kovx2/7HO2/9R7Rq9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKv2Tv+TWfg3/2Jmjf+kMNeq15V+yd/wAms/Bv/sTNG/8ASGGvVaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvKvjJ/yUX4E/9jnc/wDqPazXqteVfGT/AJKL8Cf+xzuf/Ue1mgD1WiiigDxD9pX/AJGL4K/9jnN/6YdXqzVb9pX/AJGL4K/9jnN/6YdXqzQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBzvh3/k6bwZ/2JniL/wBLtEr6Ir538O/8nTeDP+xM8Rf+l2iV9EUAFFFFABRRRQAVy/xO07VdT8B6zFoniO98Kaqlu81vqunwW88kTICwGy4ikjZTjBBXOCcFTgjqKralZLqWn3Vo7FEuImiZl6gMCMj86APCP2RdV8Y/FD9lvw34j8UePNW1LxL4n0/7Y2rJZ6fDJp7PlQLeNLYRELgEeakmSTnjCjG+HPxzvPhl8MvBN78Qtd8UePtY8ZavLp1ldQaRaARTAzeXAFtoohgpbu3Idid3IGAI/wBn+3+KXwD+Eeh/DO9+F154nvvD0T2Fl4h0vWLCHSryIOxikl82ZbmE7SAyrBLg9N2cDnvjt4f1n4UfD/8AZr0yDT08T6/pvj+yaazsZlt1up20/UnmELSkBRuZ9m8gHCglckgA91+Enx30b4uap4m0aDStZ8M+JfDc8cOqaD4ht0hu4FkUtDKBHI6PHIFYq6sQcHpXN+JPjn4h0f8Aam8P/DS08E6nqei3nh641W41O1nsgA32u0hExWWdGEMIkk34DSMZF2RsFJqX4ReB9fuvi/49+J/iLRZPCz6/Z6fpFhodzNBNdRW9qJmM1y0DyReY8k7gKkjgIi5OSQrfFXg7xRZ/tWeEfHOm6G2seH28K3/h28niu4YjYyyXdrcJLIrsGaMrA6/uw7AkZAHNAEWoftb+E9MNtqVzo+vx+B7jU/7Hj8c/ZoTpH2rzjBtJ87z1TzgYxMYRET0cgg17fXxHY/s8/EWb9mG5/Zn1Pwy8ukrcrY2/jyO/tfsTaUL1bgO0PmfaBciMFBGIdhYA+YBX25QB478CvHniPxZ46+MWka/qEN/D4b8Sx6dp/k2ywCOBrC2nK4GSfnmfliTjHNaHx3+Plp8A7HQL3UPCXiTxJZ6xqEelrcaCloY7W4ldI4Fna4uIRGsjvtD8oCDuZcru439nPTfGmk/Fj4xXfiP4fav4Y0jxNraazpuo3t9p0yOiWltbeU6W9zI6yExM4+UrtBywbCn1r4p/D7SPit8OfEXhDXlzpOsWUlrO4OGiyPlkU9mRgrqexUGgDA8TfHTSvB/jjV/D+q6LrFvZ6Toq67e+IFW3ksYoGd0RSqzGcyO8ciqoh+Yo23OKzNF/aV0G58S6zoHiHQtf8DatpujyeIVt/EFvCDd6dGcSXEJt5ZQdhxujYrIu4ZQV5N4Z+C3jD4zfsd+ILbxNq9jqPxB8aWFvcDUbiDdaSrbCP7CHRgT5UqwrNIpH3rqbjnFWvhv8L/E1t4b8SaroHwG8D/A3x1b6Fe2mnX2nR6dNJd6g8RELJJbx/JahwrESEMx2gqAp3AHpPw//AGm9G8eeJLTQ28L+JvD19qOiN4i0gavbW4Gq2KlAZIPJnkw372P93KI3w4+XrjP8J/tCRfHnwldDwRp3ivw0mp6NfXGneML3QVuLO0nilaDb5YkJlmVhvEWMOFK53BlHk3gH4V+O/CXxW+H/AMRB8MNVl1K38KanYeJJdR8QWV1qt3fu9tKN0rTlXRzDMIVDhFLgMtunI9V/Yr8O+L/BXwB0Xwz438JXXhHXNJnuo2gnvbW7SdJLiSZJEe3lcYxIFIbaQyngjBIBraf8TNf+HPw68DWfi7TdU8afELVojB9g0S1tra5vJI4zJJKySzRwQkRgM6+bgMSqbuK9F8F+Ko/Gvhmy1mKwvtKW5Dg2WpwiK5gZXZGSRASFYMp4ya89/aG8PT+JbHQrVvhzefEHTVnkkmOjajBYappcoQCK5tJpbiDY/LqSkithuvUNt/APS/Gmi/CzSLPx9dteeI43n3PNKks625mc26TyJ8kkywmNXdeGZWILfeIB6FRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlXwb/5KL8dv+xztv8A1HtGr1WvKvg3/wAlF+O3/Y523/qPaNXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlv7Q3xS1n4R+EdH1nR7KxvftWvaZpNwL5n+SO6vIrcsirjLASk8kAbehzx6lXzt+3BfXK/DHQLKw0HxB4gvW8T6Pf/Z/D+iXeousNrfwTzu/kRuExGjEbiNxGFyc179pOpw61pVnqFulxHb3cKTxpd20ltMqsoYB4pFV42weUdQynIIBBFAHkHwz/AGpvDfxA1r4lWtza6p4dsfBmpXFrNqWs6Td2dp9ngt7Z5ZZLiWMQxtvmfETOJDGqybApzXVeB/jx4J+IfiKbQNH1S4TXI7f7YNO1TTLrTria3zjz4UuYozNFkgeZGGXkc818xeNvhj428UfDn9qHwNo/h/U4vEer+MI/E2kyXNs8VjqVqsemyCJLlsRuZPsk0JQMSu75wAa9CX7b8ef2hPg3420vwz4i8NWngy01aXWpPEOkT6awe6tUhjsk85UM+HJkLx74h5I+bJFAHtvxIuPHC6TDb+ArbRW1idyGvvEDSG0tECk7jFERJKxOAEDIMbiXGAG4X9nf4teMfHOrfEDwn4/0fTNP8W+C9ThsLq80FpTp99HNbJcQyxCQlkby5F3RlmK5HPOB1Xxj+Kw+E/h2C+j8O+IvEt3dTCCG18O6Jdam8Z7ySrAjbUUc8kbug9sH9n/xtpPiiDXYtK8I+MtAk+0C/wBQ1HxboM2lvqF1NkM6iYBnIWNR8q7UURqMAAUAbf8AwvnwX/wuT/hVf27UP+E5+yG//s/+xr3yvswQMZvtPk+R5fITf5mN5Eed/wAtQ2v7Qnga80bWtUXUNQhtdI1I6RcLc6JfQzSXg/5d4IXhElxJ/swq5PauH/az0TWNA0/wv8VvB9nHf+M/Bd+qxae0oi/tayu3S3uLEt6uWidM5xJEmBk1xfx2+Emt+EfAfwn1CHSvEHjaLwrq9xqHiez8HX1zYarfSXdvOLq9tTbzRSF/tE7v5asCyyOvTNAHs9r+0j8OrzwRP4si8RZ0iDUP7IljaxuVvUvtwUWhszH9oE5JGIvL3kEEDBqNP2mPhsfAOp+NJPEf2Xw/pd9/ZuoS3dhcwT2d1lf3E1u8Ymjf50+VkB+ZfUV8/a14ZXwr4Bi8ReAvhz4u0iy8ReLtOn1bUdcs7zXvElrCkMivqsVrePcSpKh8mJMoXUb3MZAUV518QfDuu+GfhD+0n4et/AvxC1yTxF4n0670kyaPd6lcajGYLFmcuAxIP2efJOFj2iNvLYpGQD6/b9qT4beXMYNavb+WG9nsGtdO0S/u7kyQpG8rrDFA0jQqs0LGdVMWJU+f5hlPGnxM8RXdh8Mdf+Hn9g634a8R6jZG9/tI3Ed1PptyEIms1VfvojmZhKAAkbDg9OS+OWtaVrU/gLxBFp/xD0PU5bC+n0vxT4Z8PXt1daSz/ZibW8sRBI2yfCkxzRYzbfwEBh6b8EdQ8T6p8JfCt14z0m30LxPJYx/bdPtU8uOFhwAEyfLyoUmPJ2ElcnGaAO4ooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q/ZO/5NZ+Df/YmaN/6Qw16rXlX7J3/JrPwb/wCxM0b/ANIYa9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooA+avjH8YfjR8HfJ8aX3h3wle/DpdXtNPutFtZLl9chguLpLaOdZs+S8m6WMmFU43ECRsbq958b+LrPwD4Q1jxHqEF7dWWl2sl3NDp1q9zcOqDJCRoCzH9O5IAJHgfjD9ojR9Z8XC01T4ZfFLVNN0LUFmsY7TwNqLQXl1GfkuC7RqpRG5j3cbgJDyEK+8eOLC617wB4gsrWBvtt5plxDFAxUHzHiYBSc4zkgdce9AHnXw7/af8MeLPgr4V8fauuo6Gdat7VV06XR74XE93LbJO0NnCYfNvFwzFZIFkVwjFSQrY7v4efFDwx8VtJuNR8L6ouowWtw1pdRPDJb3FrOuN0U0EqrJFIMjKOqnkcV8l+F7HxZ4d8H/ALKPjQeDvE0+m/D7RZPD/ifRf7JnGoW8kunQWxuorQr5syxSQOuY0YskpKbgTXsX7P8A4SvpPjN8ZviR/Z1/o/h/xjPpKaZaapZyWVxL9ktWjlunt5AskXmNIFAkVXIhBIwVoA3v2g/Gnj7wL4W1PXfCl14R0qx0q0N1LN4sEzreuAx+zxeVInlsQAA535ZgAhxk+geAde1DxT4F8Oa1qulSaDqmo6bbXl3pUxy9nNJErvCxwMlGJU8fw15X8fLnwD48upvh74++GXiPxjaPbC7s7q28Mz31oZmDqFhu4lK204AI3O0WA4+bBNdd+zx4Q8ReAfgj4M8O+LNQm1PxDp2nRwXdxcTedJkZ2o0n8bIu1C3crnnNAGb4P/ag+Hnjzw34v17Q9Q1e703wjI0OtO/hzUoZLWVQWeIRSW6vJIgGXSNWZAVLAblzY139pP4f+G/Del67f6pqEdhqNj/acKxaHfzXEdn/AM/M1ukBlgh/6aSoi+9eTfFL4aa7ZftDDSfDyQt4P+LVmIvFtuz4NsbHy/NuFTuLm1f7G5GMM0LE8c43xm8JyeHf2jtZ1rxJ4P8AiL4p8G+KdFsLG0vPh5qmpwmyuLdrgPb3cFlcxZicTBlkcFVLOCQGY0Ae7eLP2jvh54Ls9Lur7X2u4dT086vanRdPudUZ7EAE3ZW1jkKQfMP3rAJz1p3iD9oz4c+F7fw9Nf8AieAReIbB9T0hraCa5+3W6xeaXi8pG3ZTBAHLFlABJAPz9qXgPUPDfiTwv4EsPBXiDwl4JXwTJBZSeF7aW6vHuDPKRpF1qmXkt4o4zE+fNjV5C2JdqhTx/wAK7/WPDl1+x5Yap4A8cW8vhrRryy1ac+Fr14tPkmslto2ldYyIwZUdTuwyqA7ARsrsAfUlt+1B8Nr680e2tdcurv8AtVrGOC5t9HvpLZJL3yzaRTzrCY7eSQTRERzMj4kUkAEGtCz8UeNP+F9X3h65tdCm8CHQ/tttdWjzHUra7WWNClyCPLCSK8hj2nd+4fPXjxf4pahrOg/FzxBdfD7w/wCMLfxlNq+l/adPn0W4uvDXieLyrUNcvcmIw2ksMY8vzVljYG1XKycKPq2gAooooAKKKKACiiigAryr4yf8lF+BP/Y53P8A6j2s16rXlXxk/wCSi/An/sc7n/1HtZoA9VooooA8Q/aV/wCRi+Cv/Y5zf+mHV6s1W/aV/wCRi+Cv/Y5zf+mHV6s0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFcj8XtR1DRfhb4u1PSr+XTNSsNJuru3uoUjdkkjhd1O2RWUjIHBFddXDfHCHV774TeKtO0LQrrxFq2padcWFvZWk0ELb5YmQOzTyRqFBYE8k46A9KAOJ/Zh+LuseMvAWs6f48uYU8beELt7HXbgokKTJt82C7CqAqpJCyt0AyrcAcVynwT+Kni3x18bPife+JPE82leCvD9jpup6doX2S2ihjtLuCeRXuZGi87eI4kkK712s7KchcVPqPwX8S+LvHPhLxRa6dN4Tsdc0j+wfHWi38sEk0trA2+AgwyvGxfa8JZWY+VcdFIIXN034c+MfGHxS+PltrHgnVPDfhj4haLbaLY6zJe2EogENncQNJJFHcM4DGYFAFbp823sAesaB8fNH1jxhpHh690XXPDk2uWst5ot3rFvFFBqkcSh5PL2yM6MqEOUmWN9uTt4rx742fHy48STfCe48J23irTNC1Tx7pNjH4jhZINO1a2a5CyxjbL5rRuF4MkapIudpYHm78IfgrfSW9rp+u/BTwX8PtX0+zmtLnxZpENjK98zQPB5lqIoxLEG372MhQgDZht5K4bfDb4o3nwr+EngW68DgXngHxNo1xNqsOp2v2K/srFjiWEbxKGZFXKvGpBPBbk0Aemal8ZNH8C638X9d+yeNNebw1FZXGr6WGgMFnCLeR/Ns45ZYwFMaGSTnLHGATkDr0+NWmt468L+GG0XWI5fEmkS6xp2oNHCbZ44lRpIjiUyCRRLHxs2neMMeceU3vw/8beMPE37R2nz+ErrRNP8aaGNO0bWLy9tHgmljs5LXLJFM0qB2kDqWQfIp3bGwpl8PeH/AIj6l44+DniHU/ALaPbeGND1PTdStn1a1lmWSSKzVSuxyrK5gbb83Y7/AC+MgHUQ/tX+GpdCOvHw/wCJk8PQa22gX2qtZReVY3InEA8xRL5jI0rBQ0aPgkbgua6/wn8YNP8AFHj3VvB02katoOvWNlFqaW+qxwr9rs5JHjWeLy5HIXehBVwjqcAqK+Z1+H/xPX9nfxV4TX4X6wdd1Txp/bsELappYjFsdUjvcs/2s4YLEUI/vMMZGSPVdD0nxjfftdDxpc+A9W0vwvd+DYNDa/u7zT2NvcrPJdHfHHcu5UbxFlQ3zg4ynz0Ae/0UUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc74d/5Om8Gf8AYmeIv/S7RK+iK+d/Dv8AydN4M/7EzxF/6XaJX0RQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV558UPgH4M+MmpaHf8Aiq11W5u9Dm+0abJp+vahp32abBAmUW08Y8wAkB8bgCQDg16HRQAUUUUAFFFFABXHfEn4Q+Efi9a6XbeLtI/ti2026F5bwtcSxJ5m0r86xuokUqxBR9ykHkGuxooAbHGkMaxxqqIoCqqjAAHQAU6iigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKvg3/yUX47f9jnbf8AqPaNXqteVfBv/kovx2/7HO2/9R7Rq9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA4PWPhFZ6/8AEi08W6hr/iC5htY4vJ8NtfY0hZ42LR3JgC5aVScgsxUFVbbuVSO8oooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q/ZO/5NZ+Df/YmaN/6Qw16rXlX7J3/JrPwb/wCxM0b/ANIYa9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA4PwF8IrPwLr2r61Jr/iDxPqmoSS+XceIb77SbGB5PMNtbAKoji3BeMFjsQMxCLjvKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK8q+Mn/JRfgT/wBjnc/+o9rNeq15V8ZP+Si/An/sc7n/ANR7WaAPVaKKKAPEP2lf+Ri+Cv8A2Oc3/ph1erNVv2lf+Ri+Cv8A2Oc3/ph1erNABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHO+Hf+TpvBn/AGJniL/0u0Svoivnfw7/AMnTeDP+xM8Rf+l2iV9EUAFFFFABRRRQAUySRYY3kc7UUFmY9gKfTJZBDE8jBiqgsQqljx6Ack+woA8W8O/Hvwn4Q+G/iLxh4q+JMWu+H7bxDeWf9rNpD2q2P+kbI7ExohZzESsXmkZc9eTW5J+0t8PI9U1jSzq962r6XDHczaWmi3zXk8L7tk1tAIfMuojsb95Asi/KeeK+NPHFxrWv/se/GPQbPwH48fXNb+JVxqmn6a/g/U1nntJdbjvkmCmDhPIicknG1gFOGZQfdf8AhYkP/DZH/CS/8Ix43/4Rz/hXv2T+1P8AhDNW8n7R9o+2eT/x7bvM8n+HGd/7v/WfJQB6vcftNfDK10Twpq8niu3Gn+Kgx0aZYJm+1lUdyoUJlWxG42sA24bcbsCq9r+1R8Lbz4d6945TxUieG9BuGtdVmmsrmKeymXGY5bZoxMrcjAKc54zXxh8MNavPh98Hf2Yodf8ACfiuw1LQ/iHrBvNJuPD13Fe7Zo9VnR4oHjV5lEU6OfKDHhlALDbXYfHTwrrXiH4c/tReM9J8HeJWi+IVlpOi6FpMOg3balfyWsMivdyWoj82BGMuwGVEOLcE43qCAfRXib4+eE/EOpaFYaB8RR4fu4fFlppN0jaLLONSdlDfYUMiAKsyyIwuEJUAEhiM46y6+PHgq08cL4SfUrptYa7Ww3xaVdyWa3TKGFu12sRt1l2kExmQMAckCvHv2nfGf9seG/gjqul+E/GN9b/8JjpuuT2lj4V1Ca5sLOAN5zXEMcJaFl8xQEYBm+bYGCnFLXNR1vRfjBJ/wgWgeMLXVL7xTANd8P6po1xN4c1K18yNZdTivXi8q2lSJBINkoLOmDFISGoA9j8VftIfDvwTrlxpWs+IGtJLW4jtLy9FhcyWFjPJt2RXN4kZt7dyHQhZZFOHU45FT+Lv2gvAPgbxJc+H9Y17ytdt7D+02022sri5uHtywUNGkUbNIST91AzYVjjCkj5kutA8UeH/AIO/Hv4Nax4L1/WfEfijUden8OalZ6XNc6fqUeol3t5pbsKYbd4nkw4mdSvlgru4rp/Dd3cfDP8Aan0a21XRPF2qWGg/C+HQLnxJZeF9Ru7Oe8hlW4dEmjhYSM0alht3Zf8Ad58z5KAPa2/aW+Gi6D4O1r/hK7dtL8YOI9DuUhmYXrkMQoATKt8jDa4U5UjrxWdcftZfC+10HVdXm168jttIuHttUhbQ7/7VprIAzPdW3kedbxgMp82VFTDA7ua+Nfhpca/pnwr/AGZdL1PwR4/i1Lwv481HUdYil8G6qxsrR5b4xSMfs5BXZdQY25x8w/gbHf8AizXrzU7b9s+2g8G+OWk8V6Z5OhH/AIQ7VNupONGi08iI/Z8H/SOOcZTMg+RWYAH1f46+N3g34c2lncazqkzLd27XkMel6fc6jKbZQC1wY7aOR1hG5cysAg3DJ5qnqv7RHw50UeGTc+K7Pb4mtGvtGeBZJlvoVTeWjKKQcjGB1YsqgFiAfkjStBvdG1jwF4p8ReBvipqvhbWPAekeHXXwlLrOl6jo+oWDXCyxXdnbzQSmGQzErI6soK5XCuXbs/7BtPhX8VP2ZtD0X4eeKdH8O6FDrLy29jpV/q1vosd7GyW0dxdqJlEm/IcCRhHnJIj2sQD0/wAeftjeCvD/AMJ7Tx14f/tLxNYXWuw+HlWz0e8aS2umuFhkW4h8oSxMm4/Iyhnbaigs6g+3aLq8Gv6RZ6lax3UVvdRLNGl7aS2k6qRkB4ZVWSNvVXUMO4FfAVnaeI/EHwt+M5g8HeMy4+MFp4ws7S88NahbT3Wki8sJDLbxzQq0jYt52MSAyDGSo3DP6A6bfDUrGC6WGe3SZQ6x3MZjkCnpuQ8qcc7TgjOCAcigCzRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlXwb/5KL8dv+xztv8A1HtGr1WvKvg3/wAlF+O3/Y523/qPaNXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFcd8VvEmp+F/CLXWjap4b0nVGuraKKfxXcNDZFGnQSqWUhvMMZcIB1fbnjNdjXzP/wUM8S+HvDX7OU8uuahY2E0uvaILNrx1V3ZNUtZZfLzySsMcrnH8KselAHuPiL4oeDfCE15Dr3i3QtElsoBdXUeo6lDbtBCWVRI4dhtTLKNx4yw9aSP4peDJdb0nRk8XaC+savbi703T11KE3F7CQWEsMe7dImATuUEYFfK7fFL4ZR/8FEtW1K78V+FltI/hZCDeTX9v5fmC8nuJBvLY3fZGEp5z5R3H5ea8I0P4qfDnRf2S/2a3tPFHh3Trqy+KGnzXqx3kMM0EMN/KZ3kXIZUS3lh3E8COSPPysuQD9F9U+MngHRLgQaj448N2Exu/wCzxHdatbxt9p2q3kYZx+82up2dcMDjkVc8R/Erwj4Omnh1/wAU6Loc0Fsb2WPUtRht2jtw6RmZg7DCb5I13HjLqM5Ir4h1PWvhLDqX7WnhfxLHo1zrOsalt0rR1gRr3Ui+kWvlJZLjMsvnHcBHkqzKxwCDWx4P/wCEV039qL4O+BviNeaFqXjGH4Q/2LqtjqUkVy82ps9iTFJuzud447hgG5ZckD5hkA+svDvjSe+8WeNFvdd8K3HhzS47WW0GnXha9tEMTNM19ltiAspMZGPlVs9K1PCPxK8IfEDS59S8L+KtE8SadbnE15pGow3UMfX7zxsQOh6nsa+Pk8VfC7VPit+1j4avvEVnY6V9l0WO9TQ3ia4tUhhFvcSrHhg3kTPGsg2sFPysCTtOX8QPGuvfEj4O/F2x8ORaT8Sk0yTQ7u98VeB4AIfEunrdb7myeNGZGuo7eNhIsbkMkirhMiOgD7S8JfFDwb4+t7648MeLdC8RwWLbbuXSdShultzzxIY2IQ8Hrjoajs/iz4H1DVdK0u18ZeH7nUtWWR9Ps4dUgea8WNmWQwoHzIFZWB2g4KkHoa+b7nxb4K+IX7TngL4ieA9b0e78IaL4S1pPG2t2sqCygsttu1pb3Un3EZG86Ty3IZFRyQBXzf4b+Jnwy0L9ln9m7ULLxB4XsNWtfijZS30xnt47mGGO+m+0vLu+ZVS3mi3M2AqSRnIDLQB+jmq/GLwFoM0kWpeN/DmnSx3aWDpdatbxMtywysJDOMSEchOp9K0NP+IHhfVvFV/4YsfEmkXniSwQS3ejW99E95bIcYaSENvQcjkgdRX5+618RvhpJ4f/AG7D/wAJH4YeS+t5YbHF3blrhjpKxRiLnL/6SAo25/eY711dx8VPA1x8c/2Rh4Y8X+HYnuvDGt2gazvodhmuLe2jt45Ap6vdRyqFYZMsbjBYEUAfaVn8SvCGpeLrrwpaeKtEuvFNqu+40OHUYXvYVwDl4A29RgjkjvVW6+L3gSxuLWC58a+Hbea6vTptvHLqsCtNdgKTboC/zSgMvyD5vmHHIr4g/Zx0bwv40Hwq8P65448eP8V/AmqRXF74Ll06wtmsL5Qy3k01wmnLK9tKrTOXedvO3qC7SkGvP/iF8Rvhfc/smftQ3uia74Vm12Tx7cSaZJDNbtPMGureW1aDPLqRFO6bMqfLlI+6xoA+/wC1/aO8A3nxsvvhZH4l0tfFtnaxTyWUl7GkrySbyII0JzJIqIZGVclVZCR81enV80eBvGmhXX7aXim7t9Wtbq08T+BtFuNEuLeQSx6lHHc3vmPAy5EioJYyxXIUMCcDmvpegAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr9k7/AJNZ+Df/AGJmjf8ApDDXqteVfsnf8ms/Bv8A7EzRv/SGGvVaACiiigAooooAK47WvEmp23xN8NaNaap4bi0u5tbuW/0+9uGGrSuojMDWsYO1ox+98wsOPkx3rsa+XPjJ448IaF+3F8DrG/1vSLDVW0TxBHPDcXEccv74WQtlfJz85hmCA/eKMBQB7ofjF4CW9s7M+N/Dgu727bT7W3/ta38ye5UAtAi78tIAy5Qc/MOOataX8TPB+uXmtWmm+K9D1C60VtuqQWuowyvYHnidVYmI8H72Ohr82br4lfDNv2R/2lPL8ReGpJ734pXtzZxx3MDSzxPqcUtrJGoO5lMcUzowGNschXhWx7hq3xE+Hms/txR6bo3iLw5faZqHwiuLOG0sbyCSC4lN3FcW8QVTtZvs+6VF6+WSwG05oA+sdH+LHgjxFrlto2leMfD+p6xdWq3sGn2eqQS3EtuRuEyRq5ZkI5DAYx3pT8VfBS6kmnnxhoIv3uZbNbX+04PNM8UayyxBd2d6RursuMqrAkAEGvg34RyeCfiL8E/2U9G8Ctpt78StB1nRb+/TS1VL3TbSJC2ovd4G+OKWIMgL4WVnj27gQa9U/ZY8S/CTXvFn7Q2oSX3hS/bR/HF3rTXkxgdLSxWwto/tSueFiDJdKZAcD58nB5APf/DPxVstC+FOneKPiN4w8E6eJJJIbjWtM1NYtGZ/OdESKadhlsKFIJzvVwOldNqHxG8J6R4THim+8T6NZeGSoca1cahFHZFScA+cW2YJ4618N/A/x54Cm/Zb+DepxfErR/BWs6LqGrw6brGorDPpVvdGSXfaXyuy7A8M6MBvjbBUhxuAbobP4lC1179nv4h+KfD1t4R+GtqdfsrqaEEaRpuoPJstNQBcL5VvOiTeTIwAVbjHAYFgD7DX4jeE5PCsXidfE+jN4alGY9ZGoRGzcZxkTbth5GOtGm/EbwnrN9rVjp/ijRb690Q41S2ttQhkksDycTqGJi6H72Ohr8/fjRceHfDvwV/ad8RJfafZ/DPxP4o0eTwozMq299eCO1e+msx/y0Duszbo8hvJlYcAmu68Q/Fj4UaF+2TdDT/FPg2x8NXPwhnR2try0S2eQXcdxbplTjd9nd5VXuh3AYwaAPr3Tfi54F1jVLXTLDxp4evtSurVr63s7bVYJJprdc7pkQOS0YwcuBgYPNXfC3xC8LeONGn1fw34l0fxBpMDvHNfaXfxXMEbqMsrSIxUEDqCeK/OXwX8R/hdpv7Mv7HdtqfiLwrBLZ+KreTUo7m6twbeMWd6lw04J+RQ8luHL4GWTPatnx74utfFXj79rvSfCOt/2u8eteFtVu9K8OzQXN5c6fax2iasYIXWRJGTaySKyMpYbHVt2xgD738P/FbwT4u0W+1jQvGOga1pFgxS71DT9Tgngt2HUSSIxVD9SKdp/wAUvBer6w2k2Pi7Qb3VVsl1JrG31OGScWrAMtwUDbvKIIIfG0gjmvjOa7+FupeAfjN8UtJ+Jmu+OLO/8CT6RqmseILaysNNWT5hZQFIbG2El15kjoB8zpuVGALxisnwx8S/hrpfxC/Ykk0PxF4XtWn0e/hv2trm3STMuliJVlOdys95EY/mwWlRl5YEUAfX/wAFf2h/Avx+tNXuPBviHTdX/s28ltpYbW7jkmCJI0azNGDuSOQo5RiMMoBHWvS6+dv2KNYs/wDhB/GGgGcDWtL8Z+IPt1iQRLa+ZqU8sfmDHy743V1z95TkZANfRNABRRRQAUUUUAFeVfGT/kovwJ/7HO5/9R7Wa9Vryr4yf8lF+BP/AGOdz/6j2s0Aeq0UUUAeIftK/wDIxfBX/sc5v/TDq9WarftK/wDIxfBX/sc5v/TDq9WaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOd8O/8AJ03gz/sTPEX/AKXaJX0RXzv4d/5Om8Gf9iZ4i/8AS7RK+iKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDy34sfAWL4seMPB/iKbxp4m8OXHhW5N7p9ropsfI+0FHjaWQT2srMTHI6Y3bQDwAea9SoooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr4N/wDJRfjt/wBjnbf+o9o1eq15V8G/+Si/Hb/sc7b/ANR7Rq9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPHfgp8GfFfwx8cfEHXtc8ZaV4kt/F+ojVZbSy0CSwe1nWGKBQsjXcoaMRQqNpXJbnd2r2KiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKv2Tv+TWfg3/ANiZo3/pDDXqteVfsnf8ms/Bv/sTNG/9IYa9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKwvHGkatr/hHVtN0PU7XRtVu7doIL+9smvIoC3BYwrLGX4JwN45wTkDB3aKAPOf2e/hhqvwX+Efh3wPquv2niU6FbJYWt/aaa1jut41CoHjaaXLjBywYA5HyjHPo1FFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5V8ZP+Si/An/sc7n/1HtZr1WvKvjJ/yUX4E/8AY53P/qPazQB6rRRRQB4h+0r/AMjF8Ff+xzm/9MOr1Zqt+0r/AMjF8Ff+xzm/9MOr1ZoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA53w7/wAnTeDP+xM8Rf8ApdolfRFfO/h3/k6bwZ/2JniL/wBLtEr6IoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKvg3/yUX47f9jnbf+o9o1eq15V8G/8Akovx2/7HO2/9R7Rq9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKv2Tv+TWfg3/2Jmjf+kMNeq15V+yd/yaz8G/8AsTNG/wDSGGvVaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvKvjJ/wAlF+BP/Y53P/qPazXqteVfGT/kovwJ/wCxzuf/AFHtZoA9VooooA8Q/aV/5GL4K/8AY5zf+mHV6s1W/aV/5GL4K/8AY5zf+mHV6s0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc74d/wCTpvBn/YmeIv8A0u0Svoivnfw7/wAnTeDP+xM8Rf8ApdolfRFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5V8G/+Si/Hb/sc7b/1HtGr1WvKvg3/AMlF+O3/AGOdt/6j2jV1/jP4meFPh3aifxN4i03REKllW8uFR3A67Ezub8AamUowXNJ2RvRoVcTUVKhByk9kk238kT+OvHnh34Y+E9R8TeK9YtNB0HT4/Mub69kCRoM4A9WZiQqqMsxIABJAq54Z8Sad4x8N6Tr+j3H2vSdVtIr6zuNjJ5sMqB432sAwyrA4IBGeQK8o1T4yeG/jP8DfiZqPhWa5vdMstJvrVr2W3aGOWT7K7EIGwxwGXOQPvCug/Zn/AOTb/hT/ANinpP8A6RxUoVI1IqcHdMvFYWvgq0sPiYOE47pqzXquh6VRXy74f8QePbTx94g+Eer/ABI1ybxa2sWuraTrr2GmCV/DxQtIwjWzWMkSQy2ztsJWSWBxtVwlZvgX4j/GLxd4tu/HEviHwvpPw707xFqGkato19qas1pBBcS2yRi2XTlmS8LLA+HvXSTzPlRRIgSzlPrSivgzw58ePi5M2tTW/jWS907VvhbqPjbRL7X9M0/zElgmtgk8dnaKvkQyRzv5cc9xcOMKZMMjxt9YfAeHxBN8NNC1jxL4rvfFWq6zYWuoyyXNra20Vs0kKM0cCQRIRHuJI8xpH55c0Aeh0UUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeVfsnf8ms/Bv/sTNG/9IYa9Vryr9k7/AJNZ+Df/AGJmjf8ApDDWh8QP2hvh18L/ADU8Q+LNPtbuI4axhk8+5B9DFHuYfiAKzqVIUo81SSS8zswmCxOPqKjhKUqk30im39yIvit8cLT4Tw3l1ceFvEniHTNLtft2s6holtDJDpVvk/vZRLNG0mFWRylusroqbmVQ8e/0DS9Utdb0uz1GxmW5sryFLiCZOkkbqGVh7EEGvnv4qftKfDTxN4ZtPB19440PwjJ4v0ozXL+IdRt7KW00uZdrS7ZZB+9ljbES8kb95UqhU+q3fhnQ/iV8H49F0LU9S0fw/qOmxR6bqWhXlxYXNvEFUwSQyoySKBtQjnDLwwZWINxkpJSWzOepTnRnKnUVpRdmuzW53NFfHnhvUPiDqHwf8Rarpy+J4/iJ8N/Dl94cW2+23t1HqesorbroW80pW9PlJBNCZN+TdlCSyALwdr46sfCvwx8Ua1p/7QA+JHh/UxpEMtt4a1a+s10R5r2OP7TeandXmo3GmxSLJskUBGCRyGJFdHYMzPv+ivzO0j40W39n2vhXUv2gGijt/izFZBdN8VMj3egz2FvISLm4mlu3tRI8qrOJsEuSCCI/L9qh8WT+Av2rtK8KxeJ9Q8RafNqkVhbaVaeM7mXU7G3Gnj5b3TLzf9rthIXmN7C/mA5EjMI2WgD7HooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAryr4yf8lF+BP/Y53P8A6j2s16rXlXxk/wCSi/An/sc7n/1HtZoA9VooooA8Q/aV/wCRi+Cv/Y5zf+mHV6s1iftceILXwtc/B3VL2K+mtoPGcm+PTbCe+nO7Q9WUbYYEeR+SM7VOBknABI5L/hoDwx/0C/G3/hB65/8AIdAHpFFeb/8ADQHhj/oF+Nv/AAg9c/8AkOj/AIaA8Mf9Avxt/wCEHrn/AMh0AekUV5v/AMNAeGP+gX42/wDCD1z/AOQ6P+GgPDH/AEC/G3/hB65/8h0AekUV5v8A8NAeGP8AoF+Nv/CD1z/5Do/4aA8Mf9Avxt/4Qeuf/IdAHpFFeb/8NAeGP+gX42/8IPXP/kOj/hoDwx/0C/G3/hB65/8AIdAHpFFeb/8ADQHhj/oF+Nv/AAg9c/8AkOj/AIaA8Mf9Avxt/wCEHrn/AMh0AekUV5v/AMNAeGP+gX42/wDCD1z/AOQ6P+GgPDH/AEC/G3/hB65/8h0AekUV5v8A8NAeGP8AoF+Nv/CD1z/5Do/4aA8Mf9Avxt/4Qeuf/IdAHpFFeb/8NAeGP+gX42/8IPXP/kOj/hoDwx/0C/G3/hB65/8AIdAHpFFeb/8ADQHhj/oF+Nv/AAg9c/8AkOj/AIaA8Mf9Avxt/wCEHrn/AMh0AekUV5v/AMNAeGP+gX42/wDCD1z/AOQ6P+GgPDH/AEC/G3/hB65/8h0AekUV5v8A8NAeGP8AoF+Nv/CD1z/5Do/4aA8Mf9Avxt/4Qeuf/IdAHpFFeb/8NAeGP+gX42/8IPXP/kOj/hoDwx/0C/G3/hB65/8AIdAHTeHf+TpvBn/YmeIv/S7RK+iK+M9B+PHhqL9pLwnqDaZ4zNvD4S12BkXwNrbTFnvNHZSsQtN7KBG2XClVJQMQXQN7v/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINH/DS3hH/AKBHxA/8Nx4h/wDkGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINH/DS3hH/oEfED/w3HiH/wCQaAPVaK8q/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0f8ADS3hH/oEfED/AMNx4h/+QaAPVaK8q/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINH/DS3hH/AKBHxA/8Nx4h/wDkGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINH/DS3hH/oEfED/w3HiH/wCQaAPVaK8q/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0f8ADS3hH/oEfED/AMNx4h/+QaAPVaK8q/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINH/DS3hH/AKBHxA/8Nx4h/wDkGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINH/DS3hH/oEfED/w3HiH/wCQaAPVaK8q/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0f8ADS3hH/oEfED/AMNx4h/+QaAPVaK8q/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINc5qP7b3wk0e6mtb/AFHxNZXMJ2yw3HgnXI3jPowNnkfjVxpznflV7Gc6sKdueSV9Ffq+xwni34wXnwn1340nS/KXVNQ8cQrHNMoZYY08O6KXfB4J+ZRzxyT2r5l1jwt4l/bA8RaxqujWNhLruk6e9xPfBfIk1nY0aKgRRsLqCQHwueFJ4GH+L/Hn/DSfxA+Jt54bsPEs/gUeI0vre7s/CGsXMmoTf2Vpls8JMFq4hAFqJNsm1isiHHzCvdf2Xde0T4WHUNU1rQfHVleTwraW9lD8O/ED+VFkMxYrYkZJC8A/wn1rvqUMFmmUSpVUo8rvfTnnLpy9YwSer+09NF8XZl2a5pwRxHTx2ElKrWqK3LeSo0aa+L2lmlUrTkmlHanGzd5tcnuPwR+BWh6D+zroPgbxRoFhrNrc20d1qul6vaJcQy3DuJiskUgKsUcKBkcGNT1FemeE/BugeA9Dh0bwzoem+HdHhZmi0/SbSO1t4yzFmKxxgKCSSTgck1wX/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaP+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINeRSpxo04047JWNsdjKuYYqrjK7vOpJyfq3dnQ+EPBut2PiO/1/xTrOm65q0kX2KybS9KewhtbTeXKbXnnZ5GYrvfeqkRR4RSGLWf+FT+CP8AhO/+E2/4Q3w//wAJn/0Mf9lwf2j/AKryf+PjZ5n+q/d/e+78vTiuV/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGtThJpf2W/gxNCsUnwi8CSRLI0oRvDVkVDsAGbHldTtXJ77R6V3nhvwzo/g3RLXRtA0mx0PR7RStvp+m2yW9vCpJYhI0AVRkk8DqTXnv/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGj/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/wDQI+IH/huPEP8A8g0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5Bo/4aW8I/8AQI+IH/huPEP/AMg0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGj/AIaW8I/9Aj4gf+G48Q//ACDQB6rRXlX/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGj/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/wDQI+IH/huPEP8A8g0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5Bo/4aW8I/8AQI+IH/huPEP/AMg0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGj/AIaW8I/9Aj4gf+G48Q//ACDQB6rRXlX/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGj/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/wDQI+IH/huPEP8A8g0Aeq0V5PN+054Nt4Xll0vx9HEilnd/h14hCqByST9h4Fcbq37fvwY0nT57p9X8QyGNSViHg/WEMjdlBe1VQSeBkgc9arllyOdtFu+wotTqwoRfvz0S6v0XU8Q039pfVvht+z78H9G0a5g0+Gy8DaHJeXEsKytI72EDCMKwIxtI7ZO49MV5R4X/AGYfEXxrvNL8ZaTo1rpXhzVteSxvtNsWbfYRERtJPsP3UIZjtB+XIAAXpzPgPRdd8bfDvwB4h1Xw74quTbaDpthZ6bp/gvWp4hDBZwwx3XnJaNFL5ipuBR2GMYzkV9w/A74neFvhd4AttIutM8ey38kjXV00fw58RFBI2BtH+gcgKqjPfBNduZYPA5pltKc0oOOiirc8n9qU3uo6WjHtq+iXpcM8SZtwPnWIpYGbrSqq9Sb5vYwj/wAu6VJXSlNXvUqa2kuSOnNKf0fZ2cOn2cFrbRrDbwRrFFGvRVUYAHsAKqeIdLuda0W7sbPV73QLmZNqalp6QPPAcg7kE8ckZPb5kYc9K87/AOGlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINH/DS3hH/oEfED/w3HiH/wCQa4Dz23J3e53fg/wvD4P0KHTo7y61KXe81xqF8UNxdzOxeSWTYqoGZmJ2oqoowqqqhVG1XlX/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGj/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INAj1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGgD1WivKv8Ahpbwj/0CPiB/4bjxD/8AINH/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGgD1WivKv8Ahpbwj/0CPiB/4bjxD/8AINH/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Vryr4yf8lF+BP8A2Odz/wCo9rNH/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+Qa4rxf8XtC8ffFr4Hafplh4otbiPxbdTs+t+E9V0qEqPD+rqQJbu2iRmyw+QMWIBIGFJAB9FUUUUAeIftK/8jF8Ff8Asc5v/TDq9WarftK/8jF8Ff8Asc5v/TDq9WaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOd8O/wDJ03gz/sTPEX/pdolfRFfO/h3/AJOm8Gf9iZ4i/wDS7RK+iKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACivNvjb8bYPgfpejahd+FNf8AEttqmoQaWjaGbLMNzPKkUCOLi5h/1jyBQV3AYJYqME2fD/xO1vWrfWzd/C7xhoV5p1qtzBZ6hJpbNqJYuPKgkhvZIg4KciWSMDepzg5AB6BRTInMkSO0bRMwBMbYyvscEjP0NPoAKKKKAKuqapZ6Jpt1qGoXMVlY2sbTT3E7hEjRRksxPAAFfk3eyX/xO164kdpn0mW4Ztyg+ZqEhbOfXaSfqc/l9+eOPhh4q+NnxEn03xZs0v4W6RJHJDptrPuk16XCsGmIwViQ8bD1Yd+CPW4vB+hQ3VrdR6Lp6XVqixwTraxiSJVACqrYyoAA4HpXZluPdKpOFeDdF7x2c2r2T/ua6r7XX3dHvnGWUqGGo18DVi8fa8Z/FGhGaV3HWzr2WktVSu7fvLOHkf7LukyaDd/FTTZoUtprPxFp0EkMahVRl8M6IGAA4AyDXudeVfBv/kovx2/7HO2/9R7Rq9VrllLmk5Wtc5YRcYqLbdur3fm/MKKKKksKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAorz/4o/GzQ/hLqvg7TtXsdZu5/FOsW+i2cmnae80EM0zhFaefiOJcsOGbe3OxW2tj0CgAooooAKKKjuGkS3kaGNZZQpKRs20M2OATg4574oGtXY8l/au8X2fg/4HeIJrm+SznuljtrePd+8uGaRd0SDqxKB+PTOeK+Jf2d/CWqeMPjN4T1K/tvNlgv4rmKxK7ktoUYMzt/tbR1PQ474A+xPht8I9f8WeL4/iP8VEik8RRFho3h6NxJa6JFnqMEh5mwCX5xxjoMexab4b0jRbie40/S7KxuJ+ZZba3SNpP94qAT0713ZdmDVCdPEwvDeMdlzWspTXW28Y7J6vW3LeeZXSwden/ZVZfWLKNWstWoXbdKg72jzXcalVazXuxfJze088/ZO/5NZ+Df/YmaN/6Qw16rXlX7J3/JrPwb/wCxM0b/ANIYa9VrhMwooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAryr4yf8lF+BP/AGOdz/6j2s16rXlXxk/5KL8Cf+xzuf8A1HtZoA9VooooA8Q/aV/5GL4K/wDY5zf+mHV6s1W/aV/5GL4K/wDY5zf+mHV6s0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc74d/5Om8Gf8AYmeIv/S7RK+iK+d/Dv8AydN4M/7EzxF/6XaJX0RQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB8vf8FAvFWh6H8L/AAjYap4rs/Ct3e+MdDlt7ma6t4p444dQgaa4iWYMjCFSHYsrIowXGOuX+0ZFq/wl/Y/+LWuRfFjU3v74HVNJ8VrdWlve3O+3gSKESQwxxAuYyqmBVYqVKsGJNfWtFAH5t/Ej43aXe23x/wDEWmfH++v5dCj0i/8AC9vp/i2GK1jnaFC6xJblBOgcmMxvvRiT5ivJ81eieKvGmoeNPjprE8vx80r4fPa6jpt14U0nZdzHXNJlggkiksYo9RjtdRS5k+0xZ+yzyh8qrDEIX7gooAKKKKACiiigDyr4N/8AJRfjt/2Odt/6j2jV6rXlXwb/AOSi/Hb/ALHO2/8AUe0avVaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPmj9t7xx4c8H6f8ACNde8QaXojN8QdFvVXUb2O3Jt4LhTPKN7D5Iw6F26KGXJGRXuvjnwrB8RvBOp6J/aupaVFqVvtj1PQ9Qls7qBuGSWKaF1YEEKcA4YZVgVYg9FWd4h0u51rRbuxs9XvdAuZk2pqWnpA88ByDuQTxyRk9vmRhz0oA+TfDeofEHUPg/4i1XTl8Tx/ET4b+HL7w4tt9tvbqPU9ZRW3XQt5pSt6fKSCaEyb8m7KElkAXg7Xx1Y+Ffhj4o1rT/ANoAfEjw/qY0iGW28NatfWa6I817HH9pvNTurzUbjTYpFk2SKAjBI5DEiujsPuXwf4Xh8H6FDp0d5dalLvea41C+KG4u5nYvJLJsVUDMzE7UVUUYVVVQqjaoA/M7SPjRbf2fa+FdS/aAaKO3+LMVkF03xUyPd6DPYW8hIubiaW7e1Ejyqs4mwS5IIIj8v9ItD0a38O6PaaZayXcttaxiKN768mu52A7vNMzSSN/tOxJ7mr9FABRRRQB5V+yd/wAms/Bv/sTNG/8ASGGvVa8q/ZO/5NZ+Df8A2Jmjf+kMNeq0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeVfGT/AJKL8Cf+xzuf/Ue1mvVa8q+Mn/JRfgT/ANjnc/8AqPazQB6rRRRQB4h+0r/yMXwV/wCxzm/9MOr1Zqt+0r/yMXwV/wCxzm/9MOr1ZoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA53w7/AMnTeDP+xM8Rf+l2iV9EV87+Hf8Ak6bwZ/2JniL/ANLtEr6IoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKvg3/wAlF+O3/Y523/qPaNXqteVfBv8A5KL8dv8Asc7b/wBR7Rq9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKv2Tv8Ak1n4N/8AYmaN/wCkMNeq15V+yd/yaz8G/wDsTNG/9IYa9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK8q+Mn/JRfgT/wBjnc/+o9rNeq15V8ZP+Si/An/sc7n/ANR7WaAPVaKKKAPEP2lf+Ri+Cv8A2Oc3/ph1erNVv2lf+Ri+Cv8A2Oc3/ph1erNABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHO+Hf+TpvBn/AGJniL/0u0Svoivnfw7/AMnTeDP+xM8Rf+l2iV9EUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlXwb/wCSi/Hb/sc7b/1HtGr1WvKvg3/yUX47f9jnbf8AqPaNXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5V+yd/yaz8G/8AsTNG/wDSGGvVa8q/ZO/5NZ+Df/YmaN/6Qw16rQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5V8ZP+Si/An/ALHO5/8AUe1mvVa8q+Mn/JRfgT/2Odz/AOo9rNAHqtFFFAHiH7Sv/IxfBX/sc5v/AEw6vVmq37Sv/IxfBX/sc5v/AEw6vVmgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDnfDv/J03gz/ALEzxF/6XaJX0RXzv4d/5Om8Gf8AYmeIv/S7RK+iKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr4N/wDJRfjt/wBjnbf+o9o1eq15V8G/+Si/Hb/sc7b/ANR7Rq9VoAKKKKACiiigAoory/4nftKeAvg74m0jw/4qvdYs9V1hhHp0Nn4c1K+W8kOf3UUlvbyI8nHMaksAQSORkA9QorgfiT8cfCfwlXR28SvrMC6vIILM2Hh7UNQEkpxtiP2aCTZI2flRsM2DgHBx3cUgmiSRQwVgGAZSp59QeQfY0APooqlpOtWOvWslzp91HeW8dxPatJEcgSwyvDKn1WSN1PupoAu0UVg+OfHeg/DXwvf+I/E2pw6RotjGZbi7mBIRQCScKCTwCcAE4B9KAN6iorW6ivrWG4hbfDMiyI2CMqRkHB9qloAKKKKACiiuP8VfFzwj4J8aeFfCWua1Fp/iHxS80ej2ckch+1tEoaQBwpVSAwxuIznAyaAOwooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q/ZO/5NZ+Df8A2Jmjf+kMNeq15V+yd/yaz8G/+xM0b/0hhr1WgAooooAKKKKACiiigAornJviJ4ct/Hdr4MfVYf8AhJ7q0kv4tOVWLmCMoHckDaMGROCQfmHFdHQAUVS0XWrHxJo1hq2mXUd9pt/bx3VrdQnKTROoZHU9wVII+tXaACivM/it+0j8OfgldQ23jLxF/ZdxJELhoobK5u2hhJIEswgjfyYyVYb5Nq/K3PBrvdA17TfFWh2Gs6PfW+p6VfwJc2t5ayCSKeJwGV1YcEEEHNAF+iiigAooooAKKK5Cx+LfhHUvihqXw6t9aik8aadp8eq3Ok+W4dLV2CrKGK7WG5lBCkkblyBkZAOvooooAKKKKACiiigAryr4yf8AJRfgT/2Odz/6j2s16rXlXxk/5KL8Cf8Asc7n/wBR7WaAPVaKKKAPEP2lf+Ri+Cv/AGOc3/ph1erNVv2lf+Ri+Cv/AGOc3/ph1erNABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUVz3jD4jeE/h7Fay+KvFGjeGY7pmWB9Y1CG0ExXBYIZGG4jIzjpkUAdDRWb4c8TaP4w0a31fQdVsdb0m43eTf6bcJcQS7WKttkQlThlZTg8EEdq0qACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOd8O/8nTeDP+xM8Rf+l2iV9EV87+Hf+TpvBn/YmeIv/S7RK+iKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKK4/xx8YvAPwxurW28Y+OPDfhO4ukMlvDrmrW9k8yg4LIJXUsAeMioPBvxy+HHxG1KfTvCfj/wAL+KdQgga6ls9E1m3vJkhVlVpCkTswUF1G7GMsB3FAHb0Vg+BfHOifEvwhpXijw3e/2loWqQi4tLryni82MkjOx1Vh0PBANb1ABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlXwb/5KL8dv+xztv/Ue0avVa8q+Df8AyUX47f8AY523/qPaNXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFfNn7XEqW3xG/ZvmlYRw/wDCwoYvMbhd72V0qLn1J4A719J1znj74d+G/il4bm0DxXo9trekyOspt7lT8sinKSIwIZHU8hlII7GgDk/jlh5/hzCGXzZfF9j5aFgC+1JpGAHchEduOyk9q8I1Dwrrvj7xt+0pps/xP8ZaDB4Vu7KfRZ7HWnto9PkbSYLoswXAeLzHbMbZQqTkZwR9D+D/AIF+D/A+tQ6xY2mpX+rW8bQ219r+t32rz2qMAGWF7yaUxAgYIQrnvXgvgf4BS/EH9ob4za/8RPhn4g0jQ/EtxZyWF3L4hiS0v7a3s4LVra7trO9PnK7RvIsc0bx7Swbax2sAe4fAHxRqvxQ/Z68B694kWSLV9d8PWl1fNAXt2MksCl3QqQyE5LAqQRkYPSvj/wCE983wj/Zd+HEeh6trWkR+OPiVN4X1TUn1i6uPsFn/AGvqQ3W6zSPHbPIIliaSMIzNNvYtIFav0GhhjtoY4YY1iijUIkaABVUDAAA6ACvOI/2cPhwnhbxD4abwxDPoGvXUl7fadcXE00PnPIZWaFXc+R+8JkAh2AOdwAPNAHnfw7k1v4bftbat8NrTWta1zwNf+Dl8SQR69qM+oz6Zdrei3aNLmdnlaOVWLbZHbBjbbgZA6X9tT/k0j4vf9ixf/wDolq7rwF8J/DPw1a8l0Ozuvtl4saXOoanqNzqN7MiZ8tHubmSSVkTc21C21dxwBk0/4nfC/wAO/GLwhdeF/Fdtd3uhXf8Ax82lpqNzZeeuCCjtbyIzIQTlCSp4yDgUAbHhX/kWNH/684f/AEAV8ueONWX9mf8AaI1zX/Eev+LNZ8E+PNDul0qxufEF7NDYaxEWmksrWFpdkbXUeDDgBkaJo4yqvtr6d8GeD9N8A+GLDw/o/wBs/syxQx2639/cX0yqWLbTNO7yMBnADMdqgKMAADzrxBofiP4p/Eqw0vxD4Jt9M8F+FdYh1uy1q5v4bl9VniibyPKgUb4PLlfeWcg/ulADByVAPDtS0Lx7onirwT8GLfVrzXbo+FJdf1GbVPiBqukXN/fGdY5fKvo4bm4aOAkbYQ6jbIpffirUreN7Twd8LvAvjbxlqfibxo97qtvLpXgfVJ7aXXIrf5VafVR9leFbUSxec6jMjjbtZvlr6I+LHwH8CfHC30uPxpoCatJpcxnsLqO4mtbm1c43GOeF0kQHAyA2DgZBxUer/AHwFrUHhGKXQfso8Jlzokmm3k9lJZh1CyKrwyIzI4ADqxKvj5gaAPlHw7408eav8BfhEuoeMdasdbX4qv4Wvry11FpZrizTULqLypZmRTPtWFFDuo3bcspyQfrnw38J7LQNF0LS7jXNe8Q2+j3kt9BJrt+buaWVndk82VhvkEW8hAx4wpO4qpHD6x+xb8H9a0+1sZvDF3bWdrq0uuwQafruo2aRXzv5hmUQ3CYKuWZAOIy8mwLvbPtkUYhiSNSxVQFBZix49SeSfc0AfL3iO7vvB3xnXXPGWs+J4NE1DxJBa6L4h0TXpZNEhVmjhTTL/T1dUiZpd6ed5b5Zl3yL9w/Uleayfs6+AZvGMniaXSbyfUZNQXVnt5tXvXsGvFIKXJsjMbfzVIBV/L3KQCCCBXpVABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlX7J3/ACaz8G/+xM0b/wBIYa9Vryr9k7/k1n4N/wDYmaN/6Qw16rQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB4F4y/wCT3vhh/wBiZr//AKU6dXpPxq0m3174P+NbC6a4W3m0e7Dm1uZLeTAiY4EkbKw6c4IyMg8E1m6/+z/4L8TfFDTPiHqFtq7+LdMCrZ3kHiHUYIoUBUmMW8c6w+W5Rd6bNsmPnDZNeg3VrDfWs1tcRLPbzI0ckUgyrqRggjuCDQB8PfC64Ph74ffsk/De21nX9K8PfEDw8dT1e7j128+0STQaRavHZwXDSmS0idnLiO3aMDySEChmr2P9nPV/EOjfGL4z/DfUNX1LxB4b8K3GlXGiahrFw9zdxx3ls8slq87kvKImQEM7M+2UbieDXZf8My/Db/hX+m+C/wDhHnOgaXOlzpyHUbo3NhInEbW915vnwlASq+W67V+VcDiuu8D/AA90D4c6bPZaDZNbJczG5uri4uJbq5u5ioUyzzzM8sz7VVd0jMcKBnAFAB4tuINM02+js9NtdQ1jVI2ihsZVAW8k2bR5xwf3YGAzEHC8YJIBxvgT8KbX4H/B/wAJeA7O6kvodCsI7Q3UnBmkHMj47BnLEL2BA7VjfEj9mH4e/FvxMuv+J7HWLzVFgFsklr4l1OyjSMHO1YoLhEXJ5OF5PJzXZ+Afh/oXww8LWnh3w3ZyWWk2xdo45rmW5kLO5dmeWVmkclmPLMT0HQCgD5IuF1H4KeMPir8J73xT4u1jU/HEFtd+AdQ1bxNqFzOiyuLaS2ikaffH9knkE7tGwkaB8uzeWCNLxppfjrxT8Udc+EfhbVLya18K+GdPnsrjUPiBqWi6lLLOZ1a/eaG1uHvcNGi7ZH8tSDlG3jb7R4d0PxH8RvijYeKPGXgm38KweEHv7fQ/Nv4b64vHn2xm7Uxj9yhhVlCE7iZm3AbFLbHxQ/Z1+Hfxk1rSNY8XeG49S1bSQUs7+G6ntZ40JJaMyQujNGcnMbEqcnI5NAHzp4ouPGviW18MeFtW8Yav4n8f2PgyS41Cx8FaxcaLp0dyszwjV7i/jMbujNA6LAIZAzB28sqMiHwz4o8WfFSx/ZNGpeNPEGnHxj4Zv215tJvTateummo4lJQDbJucncOhOV2kAj6X1f4B+Atb8R6Vrtx4fSPUdM0z+xbc2dzNbRGwzkWksMTrHNCDyI5FZQeQBXL2P7HPwm0vUvBt/ZeH9Qs7nwcu3Qmt/EOpRrZcnJCrcBWLLhGLhi0arG2UVVAB5h4v0nUPhP42i1Hxd4r8bXvgvTNQ0W10/wAVad4kmkTTEiW1V7XWbJXRZRcyb2e6Mcp23QDGNVBP1C3hm1k8VR+IJXllvobN7GBWI2QRu6PLtAGcu0UWSSf9WuMc54zWv2dPAPiLxlfeJ9R0m8udSv7m3vL23bV70WF3NAkaQyTWQmFvKyLFHgvGfuA9RXpVABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXlXxk/5KL8Cf8Asc7n/wBR7Wa9Vryr4yf8lF+BP/Y53P8A6j2s0Aeq0UUUAeIftK/8jF8Ff+xzm/8ATDq9WarftK/8jF8Ff+xzm/8ATDq9WaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArwD9viGOb9kb4iCSNZAtrA67lBwwuYsEe9e/wBed/HL4LWfx68FzeFdW8Ra5omiXWPtkGivbo12oZWVXaWGRgAyA/IVzkg5HFAHoUcaQxrHGipGoCqqjAAHQAV8r6v8XvHetfBnxf8AGPQvEgsYNAvr82/hOWzt3srizs7h4nWeQoZxNIsbMGSRVUso2nBJ9it/g/qcmo6dPq/xN8Ya/ZWdxHdf2beLpkME7odyCU29lFIyhgrbd4BKjORkVlXX7Mvhqa88QRQ6rrVl4Z8Q3jahrHhS3nhGm3s7EGRmBiMyCQgb0jlRW5ypBOQDzzW/GHjW3+JWsWFz8RdW0TQvFPhJtd8Kt/Zunv8A2fdRSRvcW/zW5MzKjxBVYnKSyD74RxpfBPxf4w+IujfDu3uvGuqp4j0t74+NLZ7OwIkmgl8h7WQLAPK/fg+WY9pMSyZLNtZfZvF3w10HxtqvhXUdUtPMufDOof2lpzIduyXynjweOVw+7HHKIe2KPCfw20HwX4i8V63pVr5GoeJrxL7UJCc7pEiSJQoxwvylsc/NI574AB1FFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBzvh3/k6bwZ/wBiZ4i/9LtEr6Ir538O/wDJ03gz/sTPEX/pdolfRFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAfJ/wDwUa+0p8N/hlLY28F1qEfxH0I20VzKYo3k819qtIEcopOAWCsQOdp6V674RtfGPibxRrd94u8L6F4T8QWFgtnpGr6NeSaqpt7hg8486WCDP7y3iJjMfG1TkhhVb4/fs52P7QkWgW+reMPE3h+y0W/h1W2tdBayRGvIWLQzOZ7aViUJOFDBTnlTXoVx4fvLjwe2i/8ACQ6nFfNZi1OvxrbC+37NpuMeT5IkJ+biLZk8IBxQB8n+D/jl8S/F3wt/Zg1iPxPbWmqePL2S11qWTS4ZElzZXcwYKNu3a0KYC7enJIyCsX7RXjvwFovxS8N32pz+N/Euh+ONN8L6RqkllZW1w8V/HbumY98Fu8sfmyhNxjVmEYY4JNd3o/7EuleH/Dvw40Sw+Jfjy3sfAF295of7zTGaN2VkxITYnzFCSSKAe0jdeMaP/DGvha+b4kJrviXxN4ltPHs8V5qlpfy2kSw3MRTyLi3e3topIpIhFGFO8j5QSGPNAD/2f9a+LY8deJtJ8eabrn/CKtbQ3eh6p4pbRo9TMoJW4gePTJmjeMZjZX2KRuKtn5TXvVcD8KfhDb/C20mD+J/EvjPUpUWFtW8V6gLu6ESklY1KoiqASSSF3McFixAI76gAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPKvg3/AMlF+O3/AGOdt/6j2jV6rXlXwb/5KL8dv+xztv8A1HtGr1WgAooooAKKKKACiiuf8dePNC+Gvh2TXfEd9/Z2lRzwWzXHkyS4kmmSGJdqKzfNJIi5xgZycAE0AdBRRRQAUUUUAFFYGj+O9D8QeKvEPhuwvvP1rw/9n/tK18mRfI8+MyQ/MVCtuUE/KTjvg1v0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFR/aIvtAg81PPK7xHuG7bnGcemSOakoAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q/ZO/5NZ+Df8A2Jmjf+kMNeq15V+yd/yaz8G/+xM0b/0hhr1WgAooooAKKKKACiiuf1Px5oWj+MtD8KXl95Ov63Bc3On2nkyN50dvs85t4Uqu3zU4YgndxnBwAdBRRRQAUUUUAFFYHgTx3ofxM8K2PiTw3ff2lot75n2e68mSLfskaNvldVYYZGHIHT0rfoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKjhuIrgyCKVJDG2x9jA7W64PoeRx71JQAUUUUAFFFFABXlXxk/5KL8Cf+xzuf/Ue1mvVa8q+Mn/JRfgT/wBjnc/+o9rNAHqtFFFAHiH7Sv8AyMXwV/7HOb/0w6vVmq37Sv8AyMXwV/7HOb/0w6vVmgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDnfDv/ACdN4M/7EzxF/wCl2iV9EV87+Hf+TpvBn/YmeIv/AEu0SvoigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q+Df/JRfjt/2Odt/6j2jV6rXlXwb/wCSi/Hb/sc7b/1HtGr1WgAooooAKKKKACvG/wBrLxx4j+Gvwdn8SeGNUXTL+11bSrZy1sk3mRXGo21tIuHBA+SZjnHUCvZK85+O/wAE7P4++CF8K6l4j13w7ppvLe9lfQXt0lmaGRZYlZpoZcKsqRv8oBygycZBAPOPEHirx14g/a91j4Z2HjW48O+Gz4Dh8QQvYadaSXNvdPfSW+5HnjkUjEQOHVgd7DAO0r5pofx4+Ji/Cv4CfETUfFi3cvibxdYeFNW0SDTLaGyuop7ma1a5JKNMswaMSfJIsf8ADs717dJ+zNu+Ll18SI/iZ40h8TXGgjw4zoulmFbUBmUqhsThxMzT5/vnBBj/AHdcmn7DOjxfDrwh4Kj+J3j6PRvCmtr4g0o+ZpbTRXaSebEzObAlljkMjqp4JlYNuAQKAcvqXin4y+Jo/j5JoXxJh0m58A6u39k250O1eK6jXTre6NtcM4J8tjIy7lIcFidxACi1pvxU+I/xo8f+ANN8OeL08C6b4y+Fp8XbYtKgvXsLxpbEKyGUHfj7QylW+UqW43bWXnvhP8NT8Xvir8eLbV7/AOJnhjw74i1dGk0+50abS7DXtPWytrdy0txZhkZnSVSIJIpGTGQVAx73L+zppw+NWh/Eiz8VeItLutG0r+w7TQbJrNNLWxJRmgMZtjIVZo0bPmZBRdpAAFAHDWnj34oT+Kfj/wCHNK1CHxHrPhmz0o+H4PscEGJbi1eWXGSoZifuiR9uVUHA3E83fftDan4A+EfjLV7Pxtf+MNctdR0vR4LPxjo8On6jod1d3CwZvYIIoA8Y3+YjKoEgQhWI+c+lr+y3Y/8ACXfEXxC3j3xk1z44WEXsK3FlHHZtA6m1e1KWqvG0KrsUszZBJfe2GEzfsq+E9c0XxlY+Mr/V/iBc+LbK307VNS16SBLh7a3Znt40FrDDHH5bu0gZUDbjksSBgA5keK/HXwt/aI8HfD3V/GNz400Px1pGpz2V/qVhaQ3ml3tksTuR9niiR4WWZcKyFgy8uQa8s8K/HD4pw/DP4E/EPWPHC30Xijxnb+GdT0SHRraOC4hubu4t1kL48xZEKIQUZV2jDK5yx+ifDf7P1voV42qXnjTxR4j8SQaVPo+l69rElnJdaTBLs3m3VLZYjIWjiYySxyM3lqGLLkHz6H9hnR7f4d+D/BUXxO8fJo3hTXF8Q6UTLpbzRXaSebEWdrA71jkMjqp4JlYNuUIFAOL8TfFT4nzWH7UN9Z+PZNM/4Vi5vdGht9Js2WZY9NW8a3nMkbFonOVJUrIOocdK6w/Fvxl4T+N3whg1XxFJrOgfEHw9q2pXmjiyt4YNNltLe2uEa1ZU84hhKysssr5PIK9BtXH7Gun3Vn8T7WT4l+OTF8RsjXsNpYMimMQssZ+w/uwYR5XH8PP3vmrQt/2ULaPxd8M/Edx8SPGt9f8Aw/tpLPSluDpgSaGUqJknC2Sl98SRxEgq22MEEOWdgDyz4V/GD45fEC++Gfjm08P67N4Q8TzwTazY6i2gRaPZafcp+7ls5Yro3rSxs0WVmBMnz/u4mwgw/Hfxs+K/hv4M/F/4hjx6sa/D7xrcWEGnQ6Jalb+ziuLaNoJmYE4KStgoUcNklyCFX3v4c/so+F/hb4gN3ouu+KD4eiu3vrHwfc6qZNF0+ZiW3QwbQwAZiyozsithlUMARyOo/sM6PrHw58ceCL/4nePrzQ/GerHWdZEkul+bLcMQ0mxhYDy1dliYqoGDEoXaC4cATwroutXP7d/xAlbxrrw02z8MaPdLo2LRrRlklvk8n5rcyKgZPMBR1csx3Oy7VH0xXm2i/A+y0f4kW3jg+JdfvNdOjQaLqLTS26xarHA7yQy3CRwriRWkkP7ry1O4gqRxXpNABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlX7J3/JrPwb/wCxM0b/ANIYa9Vryr9k7/k1n4N/9iZo3/pDDXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFeN+OPHHiTQf2nPhh4XtdURfDfiLSdbuLuwNqhPm2i2nlN5hG7GbhsgEdBXsleX+MvgPB4y+MHhX4iP4x8SaXqXhu2ntbHTbBrP7EUn2/aN6yWzuxkEcYPz8eWu3ackgHzXcfGz4rRfBn4s+PB47P27wJ8Qr3Q7TT/7ItPst9ZQX0Ft5Vx8nmco7ENE8bBiclhgD02bxz488L/tJeIPh5P4wk1iyvvAM3iu0uLvTrZBpl1FeJA0cKxopeJhIDtlaRgVHznJpX/YZ0eX4deL/AAVJ8TvH0mjeK9bbxBqp8zS1mlu3k82VlcWAKrJII3ZRwDEoXaC4bQ8afAm38IeLrv4v33jbx94k17TPDL+H/wCzraxs7sXtqwUmL7Na2IldnnCykoQQ2cFYxtAB5j4T+Lnxb0v4c/s9/E/VfGsPiHS/Gl7o2ja74ck0q2toh/aGI0uoZUUSCRJGUsudjAnCpivQfhHqnxP+JnjT4i+f8RVsNK8J+OLvR4rGLQ7Z/tVoLC2kWJ3I3LsknDqwO4kMG3KVC83+xn8D4r34L/Cu+8V3/jee88KW8LweE/FlmbK30rUkhKPJHHJbRTShRI4jMkksa7j5eNvHrPw1/Z1T4X3Pj+5034geL7268ZXMuoXcuoNYP9kvZIxGbq3VbRVVwqRgK4dP3a5Q45APJfC3xY+JfjD9mr4c+LJ9V1tRfXd8fE2u+E9ItbrUraCOa4SF4bWSKRGTckauEhkk2jIGctW5F8Xta8V6v8JfAOg/EGO9k8Wafqmq3XjrS7O2M01vaOiqkEMkbwxzM0qh98bBPKkXbuOV6XwZ+ybbfD7wL4e8M6B8TPHWnroFzdT6fqQm097pI7ghpLdw1mYpYt4LgSRswZj82AgW5c/sl+Dv+Eb8K2GnX2taJrXhi/utU0vxRY3Ef9pxXV0zPdys0kbxP55dt6NGUOQAoCrgA8W8ZfH74meDvhv8edCbxDDceL/hrq2lw2niVtOhBv7O+EEkQliC+WJlSYqzIgUkKQo5rvofHPj3wv8AtJeJPh/qXjM65aX3gOXxVYs2k28C6ZcRXYt3SLb8zRsJEIWUyMCp+c9K6Txn+yT4e8bfDPX/AAddeKfFFmfEmoxapr+vWc9qNS1WWNUVBK727IiARQ4WFIwvlKBgFg0eq/spjWPiN/wnM3xT8cp4i/4R1vDBnjXSQps22s/y/YMb2lUTFuz8DCYSgDx7wH8Yvipqnwt/Zy8b3Xjpbq7+IGpRaHqmmzaPaizXzrW7mW5TYqyiVDbKMeZ5bA/cGOdDUP2jPG/wxuPjl4ZudRuPG+p+FfEPh7SNC1G+t7OG5b+1o7fAlWMW0DeU0zlSxjDYUO6jLjuLX9iXTNP8F/D7wvZfE/x7Z6Z4EvhqOh+W2lF4ZlR0jLlrAiQIskqgMCCJG3buMasn7HXhfVNd+KF/r/iPxJ4mtfiLHEutaXqMlolsrwBBaywGG2jkjeBY1VDvPTc29gGABw2n+Nvjl4X0v4pNrdtrtloVl4Vn1rQdc8XpoR1CG/gVjLbmDTZmjlhKmNldkUqdysTlSU8J/E74i6f8RP2eYtd8bNq+nfE3Qbv7ZpsWk2sEdpcw6al2lxFIF37zhwwYshJBWNBwPSbT9l2xg+HfiLwrc/EDx1q02t2H9lSeINV1OG71G3syfnghaSAxIHXKs/ll2BBLbkRlzLP9kKys9W+FeoH4k+N55vhvA9voizNphBjdDC4nIsQZN0BEJOQQqAjEhZyAZH7Cuk6xb/DnxJf6r4x1zxMZvFOuWyw6sLVljaLUrlDKHjgSQvJgFgzMoIwioOK+la4T4X/B/S/hKdei0fUtVuNP1XU7nVV0++mR4LKW4kMsyw7UVtrSMzfvGcgkhSAcV3dABRRRQAUUUUAFeVfGT/kovwJ/7HO5/wDUe1mvVa8q+Mn/ACUX4E/9jnc/+o9rNAHqtFFFAHiH7Sv/ACMXwV/7HOb/ANMOr1Zqt+0r/wAjF8Ff+xzm/wDTDq9WaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOd8O/8nTeDP+xM8Rf+l2iV9EV87+Hf+TpvBn/YmeIv/S7RK+iKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr4N/8lF+O3/Y523/AKj2jV6rXlXwb/5KL8dv+xztv/Ue0avVaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyr9k7/k1n4N/9iZo3/pDDXqteVfsnf8AJrPwb/7EzRv/AEhhr1WgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAryr4yf8lF+BP/Y53P8A6j2s16rXlXxk/wCSi/An/sc7n/1HtZoA9VooooA8Q/aV/wCRi+Cv/Y5zf+mHV6s1W/aV/wCRi+Cv/Y5zf+mHV6s0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc74d/5Om8Gf9iZ4i/8AS7RK+iK+d/Dv/J03gz/sTPEX/pdolfRFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5V8G/+Si/Hb/sc7b/ANR7Rq9Vryr4N/8AJRfjt/2Odt/6j2jV6rQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeVfsnf8ms/Bv/sTNG/9IYa9Vryr9k7/AJNZ+Df/AGJmjf8ApDDXqtABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXlXxk/5KL8Cf+xzuf/Ue1mvVa8q+Mn/JRfgT/wBjnc/+o9rNAHqtFFFAHiH7Sv8AyMXwV/7HOb/0w6vVmq37Sv8AyMXwV/7HOb/0w6vVmgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDnfDv/ACdN4M/7EzxF/wCl2iV9EV87+Hf+TpvBn/YmeIv/AEu0SvoigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q+Df/JRfjt/2Odt/6j2jV6rXlXwb/wCSi/Hb/sc7b/1HtGr1WgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q/ZO/5NZ+Df/YmaN/6Qw16rXlX7J3/JrPwb/wCxM0b/ANIYa9VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK8q+Mn/ACUX4E/9jnc/+o9rNeq15V8ZP+Si/An/ALHO5/8AUe1mgD1WiiigDxD9pX/kYvgr/wBjnN/6YdXqzWJ+1x4ftfFNz8HdLvZb6G2n8Zyb5NNv57GcbdD1ZhtmgdJE5AztYZGQcgkHkv8Ahn/wx/0FPG3/AIXmuf8AyZQB6RRXm/8Awz/4Y/6Cnjb/AMLzXP8A5Mo/4Z/8Mf8AQU8bf+F5rn/yZQB6RRXm/wDwz/4Y/wCgp42/8LzXP/kyj/hn/wAMf9BTxt/4Xmuf/JlAHpFFeb/8M/8Ahj/oKeNv/C81z/5Mo/4Z/wDDH/QU8bf+F5rn/wAmUAekUV5v/wAM/wDhj/oKeNv/AAvNc/8Akyj/AIZ/8Mf9BTxt/wCF5rn/AMmUAekUV5v/AMM/+GP+gp42/wDC81z/AOTKP+Gf/DH/AEFPG3/hea5/8mUAekUV5v8A8M/+GP8AoKeNv/C81z/5Mo/4Z/8ADH/QU8bf+F5rn/yZQB6RRXm//DP/AIY/6Cnjb/wvNc/+TKP+Gf8Awx/0FPG3/hea5/8AJlAHpFFeb/8ADP8A4Y/6Cnjb/wALzXP/AJMo/wCGf/DH/QU8bf8Ahea5/wDJlAHpFFeb/wDDP/hj/oKeNv8AwvNc/wDkyj/hn/wx/wBBTxt/4Xmuf/JlAHpFFeb/APDP/hj/AKCnjb/wvNc/+TKP+Gf/AAx/0FPG3/hea5/8mUAekUV5v/wz/wCGP+gp42/8LzXP/kyj/hn/AMMf9BTxt/4Xmuf/ACZQB6RRXm//AAz/AOGP+gp42/8AC81z/wCTK5Xxx4J+H3gFLaK91bx7e6reHbY6NpvjjXZ768bv5cQvc7R/E7YRerMo5oA9Q8O/8nTeDP8AsTPEX/pdolfRFfnX4W+D2qD4/eHJfEeo+JNFi1DwzrMlrpNh451qa5s1ju9LH7y8+1hmZxKN8ce2PMaf6wqrj3P/AIU1pH/Qx/ED/wAOFr3/AMm0AfUNFfL3/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5No/4U1pH/AEMfxA/8OFr3/wAm0AfUNFfL3/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5No/4U1pH/Qx/ED/w4Wvf/JtAH1DRXy9/wprSP+hj+IH/AIcLXv8A5No/4U1pH/Qx/ED/AMOFr3/ybQB9Q0V8vf8ACmtI/wChj+IH/hwte/8Ak2j/AIU1pH/Qx/ED/wAOFr3/AMm0AfUNFfL3/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5No/4U1pH/AEMfxA/8OFr3/wAm0AfUNFfL3/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5No/4U1pH/Qx/ED/w4Wvf/JtAH1DRXy9/wprSP+hj+IH/AIcLXv8A5No/4U1pH/Qx/ED/AMOFr3/ybQB9Q0V8vf8ACmtI/wChj+IH/hwte/8Ak2j/AIU1pH/Qx/ED/wAOFr3/AMm0AfUNFfL3/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5No/4U1pH/AEMfxA/8OFr3/wAm0AfUNFfL3/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5No/4U1pH/Qx/ED/w4Wvf/JtAH1DRXy9/wprSP+hj+IH/AIcLXv8A5No/4U1pH/Qx/ED/AMOFr3/ybQB9Q0V8vf8ACmtI/wChj+IH/hwte/8Ak2j/AIU1pH/Qx/ED/wAOFr3/AMm0AfUNFfL3/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5No/4U1pH/AEMfxA/8OFr3/wAm0AemfBv/AJKL8dv+xztv/Ue0avVa+Hfhn8J9LuvGnxaibXvHCLbeJ4IlaHx1rcTODo2mPmRluwZGy5G9yzBQq52ooHoP/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5NoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/0MfxA/wDDha9/8m0f8Ka0j/oY/iB/4cLXv/k2gD6hor5e/wCFNaR/0MfxA/8ADha9/wDJtH/CmtI/6GP4gf8Ahwte/wDk2gD6hor5e/4U1pH/AEMfxA/8OFr3/wAm0f8ACmtI/wChj+IH/hwte/8Ak2gD6hor5e/4U1pH/Qx/ED/w4Wvf/JtH/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5NoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/0MfxA/wDDha9/8m0f8Ka0j/oY/iB/4cLXv/k2gD6hor5e/wCFNaR/0MfxA/8ADha9/wDJtH/CmtI/6GP4gf8Ahwte/wDk2gD6hor5e/4U1pH/AEMfxA/8OFr3/wAm0f8ACmtI/wChj+IH/hwte/8Ak2gD6hor5e/4U1pH/Qx/ED/w4Wvf/JtH/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5NoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/0MfxA/wDDha9/8m0f8Ka0j/oY/iB/4cLXv/k2gD6hor5e/wCFNaR/0MfxA/8ADha9/wDJtH/CmtI/6GP4gf8Ahwte/wDk2gD6hor5e/4U1pH/AEMfxA/8OFr3/wAm0f8ACmtI/wChj+IH/hwte/8Ak2gD6hor5e/4U1pH/Qx/ED/w4Wvf/JtH/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5NoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/0MfxA/wDDha9/8m0f8Ka0j/oY/iB/4cLXv/k2gD0z9k7/AJNZ+Df/AGJmjf8ApDDXqtfDv7PHwn0vUvgB8M7uTXvHEMlx4Y0yVo7Tx1rdvCpa0iJCRR3apGozwiKFUYAAAxXoP/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5NoA+oaK+Xv8AhTWkf9DH8QP/AA4Wvf8AybR/wprSP+hj+IH/AIcLXv8A5NoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/wBDH8QP/Dha9/8AJtH/AAprSP8AoY/iB/4cLXv/AJNoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/0MfxA/8OFr3/ybR/wprSP+hj+IH/hwte/+TaAPqGivl7/hTWkf9DH8QP8Aw4Wvf/JtH/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5NoA+oaK+Xv8AhTWkf9DH8QP/AA4Wvf8AybR/wprSP+hj+IH/AIcLXv8A5NoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/wBDH8QP/Dha9/8AJtH/AAprSP8AoY/iB/4cLXv/AJNoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/0MfxA/8OFr3/ybR/wprSP+hj+IH/hwte/+TaAPqGivl7/hTWkf9DH8QP8Aw4Wvf/JtH/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5NoA+oaK+Xv8AhTWkf9DH8QP/AA4Wvf8AybR/wprSP+hj+IH/AIcLXv8A5NoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/wBDH8QP/Dha9/8AJtH/AAprSP8AoY/iB/4cLXv/AJNoA+oaK+Xv+FNaR/0MfxA/8OFr3/ybR/wprSP+hj+IH/hwte/+TaAPqGivl7/hTWkf9DH8QP8Aw4Wvf/JtH/CmtI/6GP4gf+HC17/5NoA+oa8q+Mn/ACUX4E/9jnc/+o9rNeZ/8Ka0j/oY/iB/4cLXv/k2sYeALHwr8bPgnd22reKL+R/E93EY9b8U6nqkIB0HVjkRXVxIit8o+cKGAJGcMQQD66ooooA8Q/aV/wCRi+Cv/Y5zf+mHV6s1W/aV/wCRi+Cv/Y5zf+mHV6s0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABTJ547WGSaaRYoY1LvJIwVVUDJJJ6ACuT8dfFDSfA01vp7R3Gs+I71Gew8P6WolvbsA4LKpICICRmSQqi92Fc3B8NdZ+I1xHqHxJnhk09XEtt4O0+QtYR9x9rcgG8cH+EgRA9EYgPQASfEXXPiZI1p8OIoY9Iztm8Z6hEXsyOh+xR5BumHPz5EIx96TBSun8D/AAz0fwK1zdwG41PXbwAX2u6nIJr67x0DyYGEH8MaBUX+FRXVRRpDGkcaLHGgCqijAUDoAPSnUAeb69/ycd4G/wCxU8Qf+lmjV6RXm+vf8nHeBv8AsVPEH/pZo1ekUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHm/wq/wCR6+Mn/Y12/wD6Y9Kr0ivN/hV/yPXxk/7Gu3/9MelV6RQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeb/ALNP/JuPwq/7FTSv/SOKvSK83/Zp/wCTcfhV/wBippX/AKRxV6RQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVyHiT/kr3wP/wCxruv/AEwavXX1yHiT/kr3wP8A+xruv/TBq9AH0rRRRQB4h+0r/wAjF8Ff+xzm/wDTDq9WarftK/8AIxfBX/sc5v8A0w6vVmgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiuM8bfFLTfCN9b6Pb29x4g8U3a7rTQdMUPcOP+ekhJCwxZ6yyFV7Ak4BAOuvLyDT7Sa6up47a2hQySzTOESNQMlmY8AAdzXl58d+Ivit+4+H6jSfDzff8Z6hBuWUdxY27Y80+k0mIu6iUcVLZfC/U/HV1BqvxLuLfUhGyzWvhWzJbS7JwchpCQGu5Bx80gCA8rGpG4+oUAcv4H+G+ifD+C5OnRTXGoXjeZfatfSme9vX/vSytycdlGFUcKqjiuooooAKKKKAPN9e/wCTjvA3/YqeIP8A0s0avSK8317/AJOO8Df9ip4g/wDSzRq9IoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPN/hV/yPXxk/7Gu3/wDTHpVekV5v8Kv+R6+Mn/Y12/8A6Y9Kr0igAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA83/Zp/5Nx+FX/YqaV/6RxV6RXm/wCzT/ybj8Kv+xU0r/0jir0igAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArkPEn/ACV74H/9jXdf+mDV66+uQ8Sf8le+B/8A2Nd1/wCmDV6APpWiiigDxD9pX/kYvgr/ANjnN/6YdXqeSRIY2kkZUjUFmZjgADqSag/aV/5GL4K/9jnN/wCmHV6mnhS5hkhlUPHIpRlPQgjBFAHy/wDAv4neNf2t7rxL4u0rxZefD/4eafqM2laPZ6PY2kt/flFiY3NxLdwzKoIY4jSNcb8Fm2Zbv774rXfwI0HxFrPxk1+2TQo9VjtdJ1fTdInKvbtbxlTPHCJWjcyiZSzYUkDaFDKtec/s+fDHx1+yOfE3g608J3nxA8C3moyapo2oaHe2cd3abwiG3uIrueAZAQEOjMDznG7C7X7V3wx8efHz9mTxDodnotpbeJrq6t7ux0Zb1N6wpKjCOWZiIzMVDEhTsUnaHcL5jgHpFt8bfCPjTxP4k8CaHr93beMdO017yaEadNDJbRMqhJ0aeHyn5kjK/fByOCM14P8Asy/tjWdv+zr4b8XfGfxaYtQ1jV7rToNUk0tlhZkYbUdraHy4vlJIL7chWOTtOD4Z/Dv4j6b+1J4y+Imq/D3UtO0LVfB8elWsf9pafLP9oijg/duq3OFLtCwUglfmQsygtt+cfGfw28Z/Bv8AZP8AhP4X8WeG5NH16z+JUE8cE15byx3AdJmQq8Mkm0Z4O4Aj0IoA/RXwb8bvBXju38Ry6XrXknw223WYdVtZtOm04FDIGniuUjeNCgYh2AU7W5+U4o+Dfj14G+KGtXHhzw9r9wmttp66hFBc6dcWU0lq+QlzALmJVmjzgh0Dr06g8+L+F/hR8QJviN+0J8TpfCUNhd+KtIh07QfCfiC5trhb14bJY83QhleII7oqhTJyGkDFRhjw37OPwK+KPgr9onwj4w8SeDb2x07/AIRI6PqdwuoaeYra78xmIjt4ZtsVvhVCRwJtGVO0MXwAdF+yb+19FqXhbWLb4reM2uNbfxlcaDpl5c6aIYtnlRGCKWW3hWGNnYTlTIVLbXxkIcd94s+KmsXP7RniXwfpfjyDTLKx8FXF1/wj66PKL6K+DhkvYp5rcwSIEZV/1jLuBUxEgsPn2x/ZF+Jl/wDCG++FN/4fNlD4g8d/8JRdeJIdRtjbafYtEoaMrv8AOa5BiACpGY/3inzBg49V8YfDPx637Y3iTx3Z+CNR1HwvN4Mm0KC8t72wUzXJXzFwklyrhSR5eWA+Y8gL89AHGfD/APad8aa5+zd8Ide1n4hWeieKvEXiw2dzqOoaE80N/ax3Lo9qv2a3aOKRlKbdwjLBXw64Zh7dbftdeGrr42eK/AyWOsNaeGdP8+/v7fRL25zP94qohiYrGIwSHYASFhsLDBb5fsv2cfi5Y/s4/B7we3w71CTXPCvjJ9a1CNNT03Z9mWRpAUY3QDMwmwBxzG+7aNpb6A8F/DnxT8O/2vvih8QNQ0iOLwP4m0yzl/tqfULeOOxEFugmEylt4IaM4IUptOS4xigD0rwz+0t8P/GfhOx8S6HqWp6rod9qI0m3vLXQNQcSXJxhceRuC5O3zCNm7K7sgivUK+Zv2dPg/J4L+MnxF1HRNUtL/wCF+pXVv4h0OCxk3wpe3cB850ZTtK+Uy4xlSk0ZHQV9M0AFFFFABVbVNUstE0+4v9Ru4LCxt0Mk11dSrHFEo6szMQAB6muR8ZfFWx8N6oug6VZ3HijxdIgkTQ9NKmSJG4WW4cnbbxZ/jcjOCFDn5ay9L+Fd74o1C31r4j3tvr99C4ltdBtQ39kWDg5V1jYZnlH/AD2lHB5RI6AKbeLPFPxcBh8Gibwt4VkBWTxXfW+Lu4HrY20gxtI6TzDb3WOQHdXaeCfh7ofw+s7iHR7QpPeSefe39w7TXd7LjHmzzMS0jY4yTwOBgACujooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8317/k47wN/2KniD/wBLNGr0ivN9e/5OO8Df9ip4g/8ASzRq9IoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPN/hV/yPXxk/wCxrt//AEx6VXpFeb/Cr/kevjJ/2Ndv/wCmPSq9IoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPN/2af8Ak3H4Vf8AYqaV/wCkcVekV5v+zT/ybj8Kv+xU0r/0jir0igAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArkPEn/JXvgf8A9jXdf+mDV66+uQ8Sf8le+B//AGNd1/6YNXoA+laKKKAPEP2lf+Ri+Cv/AGOc3/ph1erNVv2lf+Ri+Cv/AGOc3/ph1erNABRRRQAVwvxU+CPg3412+kweMdNuNTh0q4+12aQ6ldWgimxgSfuJUywH3WOSuWxjJz3VFAENjZpp9lb2sTSvFBGsSNPK8shCjALO5LMeOWYkk8kk1NRRQAUUUUAFU9Z0ez8QaPfaVqNul3p99BJbXNvJ92WJ1Kup9iCR+NXKKAOe8A/D/Qfhj4XtPD3huyaw0m1G2KKS4luHwAFUGSVmdgqhUXcx2qiqMKqgdDRXCeLvitb6PrLeHPD2nyeLPGGxXOk2cgRLZD0kupyCtuncZy7fwI9AHWa9r2m+F9Hu9W1i/t9L0y0jMtxeXcojiiUd2Y8AV5x/bvi74ut5fh5brwT4PZsPrt5Bt1LUIyOtpA4/cIf+e0y7v7sfIer+h/Cm41XV7XxD4+1CPxPrts/m2dlFGY9M0xu3kQknfIP+e8u5/wC75YO2vR6AMDwX4E0T4f6SdP0SyFtG7eZPPI7S3F1Iess0rkvK57s5J9636KKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDzfXv8Ak47wN/2KniD/ANLNGr0ivN9e/wCTjvA3/YqeIP8A0s0avSKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKzLfxRo142pLBq9jO2mHF8I7lGNodu7EuD8ny8/NjjmgDToqtpmp2etada6hp93Bf2F1Es1vdWsiyRTRsMq6MpIZSCCCOCDUWr6/pnh+KGXVNRtNNjmlWCN7ydYg8jMFVFLEZYkgADkkgUAXqKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA83+FX/I9fGT/sa7f/0x6VXpFeb/AAq/5Hr4yf8AY12//pj0qvSKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKz9b8R6T4ZtkuNY1Sz0q3kkWJJr64SFGdiAqgsQCSSAB3JoA0KKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPN/2af8Ak3H4Vf8AYqaV/wCkcVekV5v+zT/ybj8Kv+xU0r/0jir0igAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArkPEn/JXvgf8A9jXdf+mDV66+uQ8Sf8le+B//AGNd1/6YNXoA+laKKKAPEP2lf+Ri+Cv/AGOc3/ph1erNVv2lf+Ri+Cv/AGOc3/ph1erNABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVm+JPE2leENHuNW1vULfS9NtxmS5upAiD0HPUk8ADkkgDmuR8U/FYQaxP4b8I6cfFniyMYltoZdlnp5PRry4AIh45CANIw+6hHIj8OfCcy61beJfGuoDxZ4ngfzbTfFssNKYjBFnASdhxkea5aU5PzAHaADMW/wDGHxhA/s77b4A8GSAML+aPy9Z1BO4jicf6HGR/G4MpzwkRw1d74R8GaJ4D0ZdK0HTotOsg7SskeWaSRjlpJHYlpHY8l2JY9ya2qZNNHbQyTTSLFFGpd5HICqoGSST0AFAD6K8+s/2iPhVqMzRWnxN8HXUqxyTFIdftHYIiF3YgSfdVFZiegCkngVp+E/jB4C8e6k+neGfG/hzxFqCRGdrTSdWt7qVYwQC5SNydoLKM4xyPWgDrqKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDzfXv+TjvA3/YqeIP/AEs0avSK8317/k47wN/2KniD/wBLNGr0igAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK5v4l6FrHij4eeJdH8Pap/Ymu3+nT21jqOSPs0zxlUfI5GCRyOR1HIrpKw/HPhhvGnhHVdDXUJ9Ka/gaEX1qAZYCf40zxuHUZyM44PSgD5q+GUfgnQ/GXhDw1rngu6+D3xBtLpZIxGCbDxI6ROrYu4yEu2IbeBN+9VgDjOc9L4Vmk0X4gftPXFhZ2U8lvdWE4tbxD9nkxo1uzK6jqG+bPrmux1v4M+IPHGt+Gm8X+L7TV9B8O6rBrVnZ2eii1uprqDJhe4n851YKx3ERRRZ6HjIrLs/gX4zs9d+K+op460dv+E7RdsbeG5M6e6QpbRsD9s/eAQJgghcvhsgAowBkaV8YdcPgf4DaT4d03QvDl/470aO4W7msZH0rTPLsY5zbxW6SxklgxWNPNXCxucnbg+Z+KvH3jP4mfA271bxcvh+5vdL+I2naPY/2LYzW8EhttYiheZJZJ5S6SEDBCrt2sDuqz8WvCI8E+Dvhd8MfFHxH03w9ZaLpckQ8R654Yim0O+WJI7eC3mguJXj88RktuaQdGIHzYXotP+F/jb4sfDePwraeP/DbeHtK1DTtR0vxFpnhIwQXHkOJhBHbrdKgRJI4j5iEqwcqMFTgA7C9+KHjaPxH8U/BtxfaHa61ovh+HXdH1SzsJSscconUpLC8x8xkaHhwyq28EoMYPSfsuz+IL39n/wAA3viPVbXV7u80OwuYZre0eB1he0iKrMXmk82XO4tKNgbPCLjnKs/gV4im+LniDxlrHi7TLy013QU0C702y0OS3ZYkDkPHM13JtbfK55RhtwOo3Htfg/4Ev/hl8OdB8K3+tR67/Y1nDp9vdR2f2UGCJBHECm98ttUbm3YJ5AXpQB2dFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5v8Kv+R6+Mn/Y12/8A6Y9Kr0ivN/hV/wAj18ZP+xrt/wD0x6VXpFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXlP7UnhvT/FnwL8T6bqVulxbzxxRksoLJumRSyEg7WAJwe1erVw3xl8C678SPBU+gaF4gsvDclzIhnvLzS2vzsVg4VFE8QViyr8xLDGRjJBAB5L8Dfidqvgb4T+JfBfiA/2t46+Ht0ugRwO2x9UWQhdLlGSSBMrxLuPOVYmuF+Bh0P4C2/7Rvj7W7NNb13w/rM63er+Uv227H2W3mkiWQjKJJOd237oJXjCjHvbfAu3v/itoXxG1K/hm8TWGjtp1ytnavBZ3c+cxXBiMrEeWHuFVWZjiUfN8gzyng39mXVbW2+JumeNPFmneKtB8fyTXOo2ljob6fLDPJGkW6KU3UoCKicKVLbtrbuCGALv/AAtbxx4H8ceAdP8AGkGg32jeNJXsoJtEgmhl0y88kzJFIZJXFwjKjr5irHgjJXBrxn49ePfF3xc+A+jeNoU0Oz8C6n4k0w2VhJazHU/sw1KNYrhp/M8sGQorGIR/KrD5yRivd/C/wN1iHUPB0vjHxfH4ttfB5Z9GjTS/skzS+U0KzXUhmkE0ixswBRYxlixUnGOPn/ZH1OP4ev8ADyw8efZvAttqsGp6VZTaQJryxWO6Fx9m+0ecBJFuB25jDLkZZgMEAh+Jn7SvivTNa8VQ+CtAuNZ/4Rm8Fk+ljwrq1/Jq8qpHJKkV5bIYLYgSbR5gkJZcsEUgnov+FpfETxP8VNa8KeG9P8P2EFlpOla1G+uxXKzCO5llWWGRUYbZAkRxxhWGCGzxcuPgL4h0zx/rWu+FPiLeeGdK8ROlxrmkLpkNx59ysSRG4t5GP+jyMiKGO1wSM4yBi/4Z+DmveHPjlq/jlfFNjJoeoaXb6R/wj66O6yRQW5doCLk3By4aR8kx4YHGAQCADhNS/aK8W+HfidoWkaonh37Lqfif/hH5fD9lFLcX9hA7SC2u5ryOVoUaQIj+Q8aOFk6kg1n+H/il4u8B658evE3iLV7LxBo3h3V47O10u20qaO4Z3trU20ccizSbUzOFZRE7MzM4IzsroIf2W9XtdB0/Rbfx2kFhpXi1vFenONFVpw7TyzPHcOZSJjmVgrhUwMblcAAb+pfs4W+uXHxOstR12S48NeOjHcXNglqqXNrdLbxw+alxuII/cxuq+WCrrncR8tAFH4TfGTxj4m+Jc/hzXNEurvRZtON9b6/D4T1XRIbaZXAa0lF6v7xirblkQrna2UWvcq86+GPw78WeF5Fm8Y+P5vHM9rGYLJm0yKxWNTjLyhGbzZSAF35UY3YUbiT6LQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeb/s0/8AJuPwq/7FTSv/AEjir0ivN/2af+TcfhV/2Kmlf+kcVekUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHIfGDw1rvjL4W+KdD8Mar/AGH4g1DT5rex1DcyeTKykKdy/MvpuAJXORyK8H+F0ngXT/iN4Q0W/wDBV18GPH9jcTXC6UilbHX2+yzQuUuYz5V4QJfMDSfvgUPAy1fRPjrwq/jTwteaNHqdxo0lw0bLf2YUzQFJFcNHuBUMNvBIIBwSD0PCan8G9f8AGfijwze+MvFtnrGkeGtTXV9OsdP0X7HNJdIjpG9xMZ5N+0SMcRpECeoI4oA851z9qbxVJqdzqXhjwzfa9oVlrkmkyaRa+EtXuLq7hiuTbz3UV/Gn2VSrJIwiIbKpgurkovR6f8XPG+lfEz4p+GPFV/4asItE0Zda8PPaaVcNLdW0hkUTSKbr955UiCNo02F2ZcMm4CtLSf2fdZ8N+K9bOieP7zTvAetX8mp3nhb+z4pGWaV99wsF0TuiilYsWQKSNzbGQnNdT4/+DOlfEDx14L8UXVxNbXvhueV9kPC3sLhW8iXnlRNFBKM55ixj5iaAPNPE3x08c+H7q08JyRWK+NrPRLfVdYutP8J6vrFgJp3lWO1jisy7xj9y+ZZJOcAqjZYItt8d/iL4lvPhhp2n+FrDwvq/jHRNSu57LxPBcpLp13aeUGDx/IxjLSggYDFcHIzXafEL4L6zrnxEs/HHg3xpJ4K8QfYl0zUd2nJf22oWquzxq8TMu2RGd9sgORuIII4qhqnwM8STfE/4feKrLxxBHaeFbe5t5rO/0b7Rcal9qZDeO86zoqM/lqV2RhUbPDL8lAHCeMv2lvHemtrcOg6Ausar4Zkisr/S7HwtrF+mr3axRSXCW15AnlWygyFU80SElcsEBBP0xpd9/ammWl55E1r9ohSbyLlCkse5QdrqeVYZwQehFeSX3wH1/T/iJruv+EfiDd+FNH8Ryrc63oqabDciW4EaxGe3lc5gkZEUE7XBIzjIGPX7S1isbWG2gXZDCixouScKBgDJ9hQBLRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVyHiT/AJK98D/+xruv/TBq9dfXIeJP+SvfA/8A7Gu6/wDTBq9AH0rRRRQB4h+0r/yMXwV/7HOb/wBMOr1Zqt+0r/yMXwV/7HOb/wBMOr1ZoAKKKKACiiigAoorzvxF8WJLnWrnw34H05fFXiS3fybyTzfL0/SmxnN1OAcN0PkxhpDxkKDuAB1vivxhovgbRZdW17UoNL0+NlQzTtjc7HCoo6u7HgKoLE8AE1wOzxj8Xv8AWfb/AIe+DXyPLB8rXL9fUkZ+xxn0GZiO8JrV8JfCdLHWIfEvivUW8W+L1TCX08fl2tjnqtnb5KwDsWy0jD7ztwB6BQBleF/Cej+CtGh0nQtOt9L0+LJWC3TaCx5ZmPVmJ5LHJJJJJNatFFABRRTJo2lhkRZGhZlIEiAFlJHUZBGR7gigD4U/Z4vvFtj+2H+0kfCuiaLrMjajb/aF1jWJtPEY3y7ShjtZ9+ec5C4wOueL3/BPPUdT03wJ8c7+20yPUNZt/E97PFpkd2I0nnWLcIRM6gKGYbd7KAM5IHSvbPAv7J9n8O/HHinxdo/xE8YrrvibLarPMulus8m1wkgX7DhGRnLgKApIG4MuVNbwH+xv4c8AeGfHXh618W+Kr7RfGcN0mrWl5LZDdLcJsedHjtUdXC5AXd5fJyhoA4v4C/tZeJ/iN8bIvAWtRaFcx3vhoa1DqGk2ksUdtcB9kkAk+0TRXkangTwuqMUYDnIWH4A/tC/Gv41NdTw6F4Pn0zSPF83h/Vrq3SeCQWiRbjcJE85AKtt43uW8wAKuwue5+HP7Gnhn4Y+OPD/irSfFfiqbU9F0f+wYFvJrN4pLMFiqOothyu4YKlSdgznLbun+Bf7OulfAGz8R2uh+I9e1ODXL19SuF1ZrV9l04AeVDFbxkFgF+U5UbRhRzkA+Wn/bq+K2m/C/W/G15pXg66tND8ajwtNaQWl3E98m0MzqxuGEDAA4Y+aD5n3V8v8Aee+/B747eLPE37RXxK+F3iqz0bf4atLK+trzR45YxieKOR4n8x28wr5yqJAI92wtsXcFXnJv+CfXg668E6p4Um8a+NJNF1LWx4huYjNp4Zr7aVMgYWeQCCMqPl+UYA5z6N4F/Zv0zwL8YvEHxLTxV4i1fxFr1tHa6imoGyFvMkaIkfyRW0ZUqsaY2kZxzmgD1yiiigAooooAKKKKAPN9e/5OO8Df9ip4g/8ASzRq9IrzfXv+TjvA3/YqeIP/AEs0avSKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDzf4Vf8j18ZP8Asa7f/wBMelV6RXm/wq/5Hr4yf9jXb/8Apj0qvSKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDzf9mn/AJNx+FX/AGKmlf8ApHFXpFeb/s0/8m4/Cr/sVNK/9I4q9IoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK5DxJ/yV74H/APY13X/pg1euvrkPEn/JXvgf/wBjXdf+mDV6APpWiiigDxD9pX/kYvgr/wBjnN/6YdXqzVb9pX/kYvgr/wBjnN/6YdXqzQAUUUUAFYfjDxtongHRzqevX8dha7xEmVZ5JpD92OKNQWkc9kQFj2FcjrXxYutb1a68P/D3T4fEms2ziO81Kd2TStNOcESzKD5so/54RZboHMYO6tDwd8KbXQtYHiLXL+bxX4wKNH/bV8gX7OjdYrWEfLbx9sL8zcb2c80AYh0vxf8AF7J1b7Z4E8HScf2XbyhNW1FD3mmQ/wCiIR/yzjJlPd05SvRPDvhzS/Cej2uk6Lp9vpem2y7IbW1jCIg9gO5PJPUk5NaNFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHm+vf8nHeBv+xU8Qf+lmjV6RXm+vf8nHeBv+xU8Qf+lmjV6RQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeb/AAq/5Hr4yf8AY12//pj0qvSK83+FX/I9fGT/ALGu3/8ATHpVekUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHm/7NP/ACbj8Kv+xU0r/wBI4q9Irzf9mn/k3H4Vf9ippX/pHFXpFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXIeJP+SvfA/8A7Gu6/wDTBq9dfXIeJP8Akr3wP/7Gu6/9MGr0AfStFFFAHiH7Sv8AyMXwV/7HOb/0w6vVmq37Sv8AyMXwV/7HOb/0w6vXnWofFW/8YX1xo/w1tbfW7iJ2huvEl3k6RYSKcMm5SGuZQf8AllEcAjDvH3AOu8aePNE8Aaal5rN55HnP5VtaxI0tzdy9ooIVBeVz/dUE9+gJriv+Ed8WfFxvM8TNceDvCLHKeHrK426hfIR0vZ0P7pT3hhbP96QglK6DwZ8LLDwvqUmuahd3HiXxZOmybXdT2tMqnrFAoG23iz/yzjAB4LFj81drQBS0PQ9O8M6TaaVpFjb6ZptpGIreztIliiiQdFVVAAH0q7RRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeb69/ycd4G/7FTxB/6WaNXpFeb69/ycd4G/7FTxB/6WaNXpFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5v8Kv+R6+Mn/Y12/8A6Y9Kr0ivN/hV/wAj18ZP+xrt/wD0x6VXpFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5v+zT/ybj8Kv+xU0r/0jir0ivN/2af+TcfhV/2Kmlf+kcVekUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFch4k/wCSvfA//sa7r/0wavXX1yHiT/kr3wP/AOxruv8A0wavQB9K0UUUAcT8WPgz4R+N2g2mjeMdOuNR0+0ujeQJa6hc2TpKYZYCfMt5I3IMU8qFSdpDnINcXp37Hvw10exgsrAeMLKyt0EcNvb+PdejjjUcBVUXuAB6CiigCx/wyf4A/wCfnxt/4cHX/wD5Oo/4ZP8AAH/Pz42/8ODr/wD8nUUUAH/DJ/gD/n58bf8Ahwdf/wDk6j/hk/wB/wA/Pjb/AMODr/8A8nUUUAH/AAyf4A/5+fG3/hwdf/8Ak6j/AIZP8Af8/Pjb/wAODr//AMnUUUAH/DJ/gD/n58bf+HB1/wD+TqP+GT/AH/Pz42/8ODr/AP8AJ1FFAB/wyf4A/wCfnxt/4cHX/wD5Oo/4ZP8AAH/Pz42/8ODr/wD8nUUUAH/DJ/gD/n58bf8Ahwdf/wDk6j/hk/wB/wA/Pjb/AMODr/8A8nUUUAH/AAyf4A/5+fG3/hwdf/8Ak6j/AIZP8Af8/Pjb/wAODr//AMnUUUAH/DJ/gD/n58bf+HB1/wD+TqP+GT/AH/Pz42/8ODr/AP8AJ1FFAB/wyf4A/wCfnxt/4cHX/wD5Oo/4ZP8AAH/Pz42/8ODr/wD8nUUUAH/DJ/gD/n58bf8Ahwdf/wDk6j/hk/wB/wA/Pjb/AMODr/8A8nUUUAH/AAyf4A/5+fG3/hwdf/8Ak6j/AIZP8Af8/Pjb/wAODr//AMnUUUAH/DJ/gD/n58bf+HB1/wD+TqP+GT/AH/Pz42/8ODr/AP8AJ1FFAFaT9jz4ay6lBqDr4we/t4pLeG6bx7rxljjkZGkRX+25CsYoyQDgmNCfuirP/DJ/gD/n58bf+HB1/wD+TqKKAD/hk/wB/wA/Pjb/AMODr/8A8nUf8Mn+AP8An58bf+HB1/8A+TqKKAD/AIZP8Af8/Pjb/wAODr//AMnUf8Mn+AP+fnxt/wCHB1//AOTqKKAD/hk/wB/z8+Nv/Dg6/wD/ACdR/wAMn+AP+fnxt/4cHX//AJOoooAP+GT/AAB/z8+Nv/Dg6/8A/J1H/DJ/gD/n58bf+HB1/wD+TqKKAD/hk/wB/wA/Pjb/AMODr/8A8nUf8Mn+AP8An58bf+HB1/8A+TqKKAD/AIZP8Af8/Pjb/wAODr//AMnUf8Mn+AP+fnxt/wCHB1//AOTqKKAD/hk/wB/z8+Nv/Dg6/wD/ACdR/wAMn+AP+fnxt/4cHX//AJOoooAP+GT/AAB/z8+Nv/Dg6/8A/J1H/DJ/gD/n58bf+HB1/wD+TqKKAD/hk/wB/wA/Pjb/AMODr/8A8nUf8Mn+AP8An58bf+HB1/8A+TqKKAD/AIZP8Af8/Pjb/wAODr//AMnUf8Mn+AP+fnxt/wCHB1//AOTqKKAD/hk/wB/z8+Nv/Dg6/wD/ACdR/wAMn+AP+fnxt/4cHX//AJOoooAP+GT/AAB/z8+Nv/Dg6/8A/J1H/DJ/gD/n58bf+HB1/wD+TqKKAD/hk/wB/wA/Pjb/AMODr/8A8nUf8Mn+AP8An58bf+HB1/8A+TqKKAK1r+x58NbC4vZ7ZfGFvNeyi4upIvHuvK08gjSMO5F78zBI40yedqKOgFWf+GT/AAB/z8+Nv/Dg6/8A/J1FFAB/wyf4A/5+fG3/AIcHX/8A5Oo/4ZP8Af8APz42/wDDg6//APJ1FFAB/wAMn+AP+fnxt/4cHX//AJOo/wCGT/AH/Pz42/8ADg6//wDJ1FFAB/wyf4A/5+fG3/hwdf8A/k6j/hk/wB/z8+Nv/Dg6/wD/ACdRRQAf8Mn+AP8An58bf+HB1/8A+TqP+GT/AAB/z8+Nv/Dg6/8A/J1FFAB/wyf4A/5+fG3/AIcHX/8A5Oo/4ZP8Af8APz42/wDDg6//APJ1FFAB/wAMn+AP+fnxt/4cHX//AJOo/wCGT/AH/Pz42/8ADg6//wDJ1FFAB/wyf4A/5+fG3/hwdf8A/k6j/hk/wB/z8+Nv/Dg6/wD/ACdRRQAf8Mn+AP8An58bf+HB1/8A+TqP+GT/AAB/z8+Nv/Dg6/8A/J1FFAB/wyf4A/5+fG3/AIcHX/8A5Oo/4ZP8Af8APz42/wDDg6//APJ1FFAB/wAMn+AP+fnxt/4cHX//AJOo/wCGT/AH/Pz42/8ADg6//wDJ1FFAB/wyf4A/5+fG3/hwdf8A/k6j/hk/wB/z8+Nv/Dg6/wD/ACdRRQAf8Mn+AP8An58bf+HB1/8A+TqP+GT/AAB/z8+Nv/Dg6/8A/J1FFAB/wyf4A/5+fG3/AIcHX/8A5Oo/4ZP8Af8APz42/wDDg6//APJ1FFAFbTP2PPhroum2mn6evjCwsLSJLe3tbXx7r0cUMaKFRERb0BVAAAAGABirP/DJ/gD/AJ+fG3/hwdf/APk6iigA/wCGT/AH/Pz42/8ADg6//wDJ1H/DJ/gD/n58bf8Ahwdf/wDk6iigA/4ZP8Af8/Pjb/w4Ov8A/wAnUf8ADJ/gD/n58bf+HB1//wCTqKKAD/hk/wAAf8/Pjb/w4Ov/APydR/wyf4A/5+fG3/hwdf8A/k6iigA/4ZP8Af8APz42/wDDg6//APJ1H/DJ/gD/AJ+fG3/hwdf/APk6iigA/wCGT/AH/Pz42/8ADg6//wDJ1H/DJ/gD/n58bf8Ahwdf/wDk6iigA/4ZP8Af8/Pjb/w4Ov8A/wAnUf8ADJ/gD/n58bf+HB1//wCTqKKAD/hk/wAAf8/Pjb/w4Ov/APydR/wyf4A/5+fG3/hwdf8A/k6iigA/4ZP8Af8APz42/wDDg6//APJ1H/DJ/gD/AJ+fG3/hwdf/APk6iigA/wCGT/AH/Pz42/8ADg6//wDJ1H/DJ/gD/n58bf8Ahwdf/wDk6iigA/4ZP8Af8/Pjb/w4Ov8A/wAnUf8ADJ/gD/n58bf+HB1//wCTqKKAD/hk/wAAf8/Pjb/w4Ov/APydR/wyf4A/5+fG3/hwdf8A/k6iigA/4ZP8Af8APz42/wDDg6//APJ1H/DJ/gD/AJ+fG3/hwdf/APk6iigA/wCGT/AH/Pz42/8ADg6//wDJ1X/Df7NHgTwr4p0fxFaR+IrvVdIlkuLF9X8WatqMUEjwyQM4hubqSMt5U0q5KkgOcYoooA9TooooA//Z)

Figure 8: Illustration of cliffs and discontinuities in the Prosecution's
proposed harm-culpability matrix

* * *

228 Referring to the harm-culpability matrix above, this is however not the
case. Offender C’s indicative sentence is 1 year’s imprisonment as “C” is the
most egregious offender falling within the box, whereas Offender D’s
indicative sentence is 2 year’s imprisonment as “D” is the least egregious
offender within the box. There is a large diagonal cliff because the
indicative starting imprisonment term doubles without any apparent explanation
even though the severity of the criminal conduct has only increased very
slightly from Offender C to D, both of whom represent a single point of
sentence on the continuous scales of harm and culpability.

229 As the indicative starting sentences do not increase smoothly and
continuously, in proportion to the severity of the criminal conduct, the
Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix does not comply with the principles of
Proportionality and Continuity. Such a gap cannot be remedied by having regard
to Step 4 of the framework. The gap is in the indicative starting sentence
which is determined solely by reference to the offence-specific factors. Step
4 is concerned with finalising the indicative starting sentence by having
regard to the offender-specific factors. The considerations are entirely
different.

230 Furthermore, the gap cannot be explained by reference to the fact that
both harm and culpability have increased in tandem, in contrast to a situation
where only harm or culpability increases. The Prosecution’s framework accords
equal weight to harm and culpability, technically speaking an increase in harm
by two units (culpability remaining constant), should be treated in the same
way as an increase in culpability and harm by one unit each. Further, this gap
also cannot be explained away simply by observing that there is an increase in
both the categories of harm and culpability (from slight to moderate, and
medium to high respectively). As observed earlier (see [203]–[205] above),
these categories are just labels, and there should be no significance attached
to the crossing of these thresholds. Hence, the focus should only be on the
relative increases of harm and culpability between Offenders C and D, rather
than the fact that Offender D is in a higher category for harm and a higher
category for culpability.

(B) Linear discontinuities

231 The Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix also has linear discontinuities.
These occur along the lines that demarcate the nine boxes. In Figure 9 below,
vertical linear discontinuities are represented by purple lines, and
horizontal linear discontinuities are represented by blue lines. The
indicative starting sentences of the most and least egregious offenders
falling within each box (apart from the low culpability and slight harm box)
are denoted respectively by the red and green dots. The hypothetical Offenders
E, F and G are used to illustrate the two types of linear discontinuities.

* * *

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 9: Illustration of linear discontinuities in the Prosecution's harm-
culpability matrix

* * *

232 I first illustrate a vertical linear discontinuity, each of which is
denoted by a purple line in the matrix shown above.

233 Offender E is the most egregious offender who may still be classified as
falling within the slight harm, high culpability box. Offender F is the
offender with the lowest degree of harm and culpability that allows him to
fall within the moderate harm, high culpability box. The levels of harm
assessed for Offender E and F are about the same but the level of culpability
for Offender E is assessed to be far higher than that for Offender F. Yet, the
indicative starting sentences for both Offenders E and F are the same at about
2 years’ imprisonment. This does not make any logical sense. The result is an
embedded vertical linear discontinuity in the harm-culpability matrix because
even a significant relative drop in the level of culpability from Offenders E
to F (with the level of harm remaining somewhat constant) does not result in
any change in the indicative starting sentence.

234 I turn now to horizontal linear discontinuities, which are denoted by the
blue lines in Figure 9 above. Offender G is the most egregious offender that
falls within the moderate harm, medium culpability box, and Offender F is the
least egregious offender that falls within the moderate harm, high culpability
box. There is a minute difference in the extent of culpability between
Offenders G and F, but Offender G has caused a significantly higher level of
harm when compared with Offender F. Yet there is no difference in the
indicative starting sentence of 2 years’ imprisonment for both Offenders F and
G. This illogical outcome results in a horizontal linear discontinuity in the
harm-culpability matrix.

235 It is clear that at various points in the Prosecution’s framework, minute
changes in harm and/or culpability cause discontinuities and disproportionate
jumps and drops in the form of cliffs in the indicative starting sentences. I
provide a pictorial representation of the various gaps in the indicative
starting sentences within the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix at Annex C
below.

Issue 3: The sentencing framework for offences under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the
PCA

236 In my judgment, a modified two-stage, five-step sentencing framework will
resolve the problems faced by the Prosecution’s sentencing framework, and
adhere to the Proportionality, Continuity, Completeness and Single Point
principles (“the Modified Framework”).

237 The two-stages reflect the court’s consideration of offence-specific
factors and offender-specific factors (see above at [106]–[107]). The five
steps are also the same as that laid out by the Prosecution (above at [108]).
The main difference between the Modified Framework and the Prosecution’s
sentencing framework lies in the use and content of the harm-culpability
matrix when assessing the severity of the offence at Steps 2 and 3 and the
excluded consideration of the public service rationale.

Step 1: Identifying and assessing the offence-specific factors

238 In Step 1, the court identifies and assesses the relevant offence-specific
factors present on the facts of the case.

239 The following, non-exhaustive offence-specific factors apply to purely
private sector corruption cases under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DPP Subs 3 at para 55.

Offence-specific factors (Non-exhaustive)  
---  
Factors going towards harma. Actual loss caused to principalb. Benefit to the
giver of gratificationc. Harm caused to the giver of gratificationd. Type and
extent of loss to third partiese. Public disquietf. Offences committed as part
of a group or syndicateg. Involvement of a transnational elementh. Amount or
value of gratification given or received| Factors going towards culpabilitya.
Degree of planning and premeditationb. Level of sophisticationc. Duration of
offendingd. Extent of the offender’s abuse of position and breach of truste.
Offender’s motive in committing the offencef. The presence of threats,
pressure, or coerciong. Amount or value of gratification given or received  
  
For clarity, the offence-specific factors such as “actual loss to the
principal” or “level of sophistication” are sentencing factors. The sentencing
parameters for the Modified Framework are “harm” and “culpability”. The
sentencing parameters must always be considered when applying the Modified
Framework, while each of the sentencing factors may or may not be present on
the facts (see also [127] above).

240 Many of the above factors are trite and have been routinely identified in
the context of corruption offences. The table of offence-specific factors is
almost identical to Menon CJ’s table in Wong Chee Meng ([10] supra) at [62],
except for the addition of three items (highlighted in italics in the table
above): (a) “harm caused to the giver of gratification”; (b) “the presence of
threats, pressure or coercion”; and (c) the relevance of “amount or value of
gratification given or received” to both “harm” and “culpability”. I agree
with Menon CJ’s observations in respect of the various offence-specific
factors and will only provide explanations in respect of those three
additional items.

241 The factor of “harm caused to the giver of gratification” applies in cases
where the corrupt acts caused or have the potential to cause significant
detriment to the giver of the gratification. This may occur when the
legitimate business of the giver was in fact interfered with because of the
receiver’s conduct (ie, in a Romel category 3 situation, see below at [A.10]).

242 In Public Prosecutor v Tai Ah Poh Magistrate’s Appeal No 9046 of 2014 (26
March 2015) (as elucidated in Romel ([65] supra) at [52]–[58]), the receiver
extracted a commitment from the giver to pay him $600 a month in exchange for
the giver saving $450 to $500 a month by not having to employ a second cleaner
for the nightshift. This was clearly a bad deal, but the giver acceded to it
because the receiver had threatened to prevent the giver from obtaining
subsequent cleaning contracts. The harm caused to the giver was not merely
financial, but also in the impairment of his right to fairly access commercial
opportunities. In other words, the giver was faced with the prospect of unfair
prejudice where the renewal of his cleaning contract was concerned, unless he
paid a bribe.

243 The presence of threats, coercion or pressure is a highly aggravating
factor that is intended to capture a narrow stratum of cases that fall under
Romel category 3. Courts should be sensitive to the various ways in which
offenders may mask their threats, eg, by calling them “favours”. The presence
of this offence-specific factor will heighten the culpability of the receiving
party (see Romel at [29]). However, courts should be careful not to double
count this factor insofar as it has already been considered in relation to an
offender’s abuse of position.

244 There are presently conflicting High Court authorities in relation to the
conceptual relevance of the amount or value of gratification given or received
by an offender. In Ang Seng Thor ([79(b)79(c)] supra) at [46], V K Rajah JA
pointed out that the size of the bribes in a corrupt gratification offence is
not only linked to the culpability of the offender, but also to the harm
caused by the offence. In Wong Chee Meng ([10] supra) at [71], Menon CJ
acknowledged that “the quantum [of the gratification given or received] may to
some extent also serve as a barometer of the degree of harm caused”, but held
that “it would be preferable, in the interests of conceptual clarity, to
regard the quantum of gratification as a factor going only towards culpability
as far as the sentencing framework set out in [Wong Chee Meng] is concerned”.
Menon CJ was of the view that “the degree of harm is sufficiently taken into
account, for purposes of the sentencing framework here, by the [other]
offence-specific factors going towards harm”.

245 In my view, the quantum or value of gratification received or given is a
factor going towards both “harm” and “culpability” for the purposes of the
Modified Framework.

246 The relevance of the amount or value of the gratification under the
Modified Framework does not inhere in a simple numerical figure; it is not
relevant in and of itself. The design of the Modified Framework is such that
this factor is relevant only insofar as it contributes to the level of harm
caused by the offender’s conduct and/or demonstrates the offender’s
culpability. These two inquiries – into the contribution of the level of harm
and the demonstration of the offender’s culpability – are separate and
distinct inquiries. As Rajah JA aptly pointed out, the amount or value of the
gratification is relevant to harm because the higher the bribe, the greater
the corrupt influence exerted on the receiver. This presumptively leads to a
greater subversion of the public interest because larger bribes are generally
paid to lead receivers into graver transgressions. The focus is on the gravity
of the particular “transgression” and as such, this factor must be “assessed
along with the importance of the transaction sought to be influenced” in order
to see its relevance to harm (Ang Seng Thor at [46]). In certain cases, the
giver of the gratification may suffer harm because of the magnitude of the
“gift” extracted from him by the offender, eg, because he has to divert much
needed funds from elsewhere to fund the bribe demanded of him.

247 On the flip side of the coin, the amount or value of the gratification
reflects an offender’s culpability. For the receiver, the size of the bribe is
a good proxy for measuring his greed or personal gain from the offence. For
the giver, it is a reflection of the level of influence or advantage that he
wishes to secure through the bribe (Ang Seng Thor at [47]).

248 By way of example, let us assume that the hypothetical offender H works in
Company A which recently granted two identical building projects worth
$1,000,000 each to Companies B and C. Offender H subsequently choses to
solicit $100,000 in bribes from the owners of Company B and C respectively by
threatening to sabotage their projects with Company A if the bribes demanded
are not paid. Unbeknownst to Offender H, Company C is facing financial
difficulties and desperately needs the building project to avoid liquidation.
Company C pays the bribe, but this further jeopardises its financial health
and eventually causes it to enter into liquidation. Company B, on the other
hand, is financially healthy and can afford to pay the bribe.

249 In respect of both Companies B and C, the size of the $100,000 bribe
reflects the same level of greed and improper financial motivation on the part
of Offender H. However, the act of giving the $100,000 results in a much
larger negative impact on Company C than B because Company C is already in
financial difficulty and can barely afford to pay it. In other words, the sum
of $100,000 is relevant to assess the harm caused by Offender H because of its
respective impact on the financial health of Companies B and C. If a
sentencing court is not allowed to take into account the amount or value or
gratification received as one of the factors going towards harm, it may end up
underestimating the severity of Offender H’s offence in respect of Company C.

250 I am alive to the fact that a sentencing court that rightly includes the
value or amount of gratification given or received as a factor going towards
both harm and culpability may well be accused of double counting the same
factor. In my view, the sentencing court can avoid such a criticism by stating
exactly the relevance of the amount or value of the gratification to the harm
caused by the offence and the culpability of the offender when evaluating
these two distinct independent variables of harm and culpability.

251 I pause to mention at this juncture that there is a tremendous amount of
judicial discretion involved, and hence, much subjectivity not only in
identifying which are the relevant factors (some of which are enumerated in
the table above at [239]) but also in weighing each of these varied and
numerous factors identified to derive the appropriate level of harm or the
level of culpability as inputs to the harm-culpability matrix in order to
obtain the indicative starting sentence. One court may assess a particular set
of facts to give rise to a level of harm falling somewhere in the higher end
of the moderate section of the harm scale, whereas another court may assess
the same set of facts to give rise to a level of harm falling somewhere in the
middle of the severe segment of the harm scale. With such disparate inputs to
the harm-culpability matrix, the output or outcome from the matrix, however
well-designed, will show widely differing indicative starting sentences, which
will invariably lead to widely different final sentences on the same facts. I
fully acknowledge this problem. This problem will persist until at some future
point of time, a “scoring system” of sorts (alluded to at [139]–[142]) is
designed (as a possible future refinement to the matrix methodology) that can
assist to determine more precisely and less subjectively the indicative level
of harm or culpability from the numerous and varied offence-specific factors
set out in the table above at [239].

252 At the same time, I also recognise that it is difficult (but not
impossible) to design a “scoring system” to quantify broadly the various
offence-specific factors going to harm and culpability by assigning weights
and points to each factor, and then have an aggregate score to depict where
along the spectrum or scale of harm and culpability a particular factual
situation will fall into (eg, whether a particular degree of harm is to be
pegged at the high end of moderate harm, or at the low end of severe harm in
the harm continuum).

253 In the absence of such a “scoring system”, the assessment will remain
largely a generally holistic and broad-brush assessment of the degree of harm
and culpability by reference to all the relevant offence-specific factors set
out in the table above at [239].

Steps 2 and 3: Deriving an indicative starting sentence

254 After the court identifies and assesses the relevant offence-specific
factors to ascertain the specific degree of severity for the harm and
culpability parameters to be applied as pinpoint inputs to the framework (Step
1), the framework will throw up a definitive indicative starting sentence as a
pinpoint output for the court to consider (Step 2). That is the purpose of the
framework: to provide a pinpoint output in the form of an indicative starting
sentence after the court provides pinpoint inputs to the framework in the form
of precise levels for the harm and culpability parameters in a Double Variable
Framework. This is an ideal situation. More often than not, the court provides
a set of range inputs to the framework due to: (a) uncertainties in its
assessment of the twin parameters of harm and culpability; and/or (b) its
inability to be more precise in its evaluation of the weights for all the
numerous offence-specific factors relevant to the given factual matrix of the
case when determining the severity of the harm and culpability parameters. In
a situation where the court can only provide a set of range inputs to the
framework (ie, a certain assessed range for the severity of the harm parameter
and a certain assessed range for the severity of the culpability parameter),
the framework will inevitably throw up a range output for the indicative
starting sentence for the court to consider. A range input begets a range
output. In such a situation, the court must exercise its discretion to select
the most appropriate indicative starting sentence from the range of indicative
starting sentences thrown up by the framework (Step 3).

255 This section of the judgment is only concerned with explaining how to
arrive at an indicative starting sentence via a method which adheres to the
general principles identified above at [147]–[172]. To this end, I have
crafted my own modified matrix (“the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix”) which
is directly based on the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix. The Modified
Harm-Culpability Matrix is then translated into a more simplified and user-
friendly form which I term the “Contour Matrix”.

256 Although they look different, the Contour Matrix and the Modified Harm-
Culpability Matrix are essentially one and the same. They share the same
content (ie, indicative sentencing ranges and indicative starting sentences),
are based on the same underlying principles and apply in much the same way. In
particular, the matrices both accord equal weight to harm and culpability and
are used to determine the indicative starting sentence per charge for an
offender who claims trial to purely private sector corruption offences under
ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. Hence, there is (and should be) no practical
difference whether the Contour Matrix or Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix is
applied in any given case.

257 The following sections are meant to be a quick and easy guide to Steps 2
and 3 of the Modified Framework. For an explanation of how I have derived and
finalised the contents of the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix and the Contour
Matrix, see Annex A. For an explanation of how the matrices are capable of
accommodating uncertainty in the sentencing analysis, see Annex B.

An introduction to the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix and Contour Matrix:
the simplified matrix

258 I recognise that the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix may seem foreign to
readers accustomed to the traditional harm-culpability matrix. As such, I will
first produce a simplified version of the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix,
which I term the “simplified matrix”. This simplified matrix is essentially
the same as the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix. I begin with it as it bears
the most resemblance to traditional harm-culpability matrices and allows me to
explain the key features of the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix and,
subsequently, how it differs from the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 10: The simplified matrix

259 The simplified matrix mirrors the harm-culpability matrix proposed by the
Prosecution, except that: (a) the indicative sentencing ranges specifically
use the words “Up to” and “and FINE” to account for the possibility of a
combination sentence under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA (to meet the concern
expressed at [213] above); (b) it includes a “Towards Infinity” section to
account for extreme levels of harm and culpability (to meet the concern
expressed at [209] above); and (c) the indicative sentencing ranges in some
boxes overlap with other boxes to some extent. Focussing on (c), this is
necessary in order to prevent cliffs and discontinuities in the indicative
sentencing ranges (see [222]–[235] above).

260 The simplified matrix is used in the same way as a normal harm-culpability
matrix. That being said, when applying this simplified matrix, one must bear
in mind that: (a) harm and culpability are continuous independent variables;
(b) the labels of slight, moderate, severe harm; or low, medium, high
culpability, are merely very loose labels delineating the differing degrees of
harm and culpability respectively; and (c) every single point in the matrix
represents a single combination of a certain level of harm and culpability –
in other words, one must be spatially aware when using the simplified matrix,
which comprise within it an infinite number of combinations of infinite
degrees of severity for both the harm and culpability parameters in a Double
Variable Framework.

261 The simplified matrix contains the same indicative sentencing ranges and
applies in the same manner as the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix, except
that it omits a number of features. My explanation on how to derive an
indicative starting sentence from the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix (and,
to a certain extent, the Contour Matrix), can be applied to the simplified
matrix.

The Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix

262 Having set out some of the key features by way of the simplified matrix, I
will now introduce the main features of the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix
before explaining how it can be simplified and transformed into the Contour
Matrix. After that, I will provide a step-by-step guide to using both
matrices.

263 The Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix is as follows:

* * *

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 11: The Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix

* * *

264 The core features of the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix are as follows:

(a) It is subdivided into four broad bands of “Slight” or “Low”, “Moderate” or
“Medium”, “Severe” or “High” and “Infinity” to mark out generally the various
continuously increasing levels of harm and culpability. The gridlines in the
matrix are dotted lines (as opposed to solid lines) to reflect the
understanding that the broad bands are merely labels for the differing levels
of harm and culpability.

(b) The indicative sentencing ranges for each box is represented by the words
in red. They represent the range of indicative sentences for all possible
combinations of differing severities of harm and culpability within their
respective boxes.

(c) Harm and culpability (as determined by the various offence-specific
factors) are regarded as two continuous independent variables that separately
and independently affect the indicative sentence. Much like a traditional
harm-culpability matrix, an increase in culpability is represented by an
upward vertical movement along the canvas of the matrix, while an increase in
harm is represented by a rightward horizontal shift along the canvas of the
matrix.

(d) The extreme top and right of the matrix corresponding to “Towards
Infinity” harm and culpability are labelled “Up to Max” to show that there is
an indicative sentencing range of up to the maximum statutorily prescribed
sentence if the offence committed is exceptionally egregious. In other words,
if the offence is extremely egregious in terms of culpability, the indicative
sentence can theoretically reach the statutorily mandated maximum sentence
even if harm is low, and vice versa. I should add that if culpability and harm
are both zero, no offence may be disclosed in the first place. There would
thus be no sentence. Unlike the other nine boxes in the matrix, the portions
corresponding to infinity are shaded orange to show that only exceptional
cases will fall within those areas of the matrix.

(e) The slight harm, low culpability box is the only box in the matrix which
has an indicative sentencing range of fines only. This is to reflect the
general position that many purely private sector corruption cases that do not
present with strong aggravating factors (eg, corruption of a foreign public
official, involvement of a strategic industry, or exceptional amounts of
corrupt gratification given or received) may ordinarily be dealt with via the
imposition of a fine. The word “FINE” (which is used in the matrix to refer to
a fine from $0 to $100,000) is not used in that box because it is not possible
to have a fine of $0.

(f) Apart from the slight harm, low culpability box, all other boxes include
the words “and FINE” to reflect Parliament’s intention that a sentencing court
may impose a custodial sentence only or a custodial sentence plus a fine for
an offence under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA.

(g) The black dots in the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix reflect single
points within the matrix, ie, combinations of different degrees of harm and
culpability. A single point anywhere within the matrix represents one specific
combination of a certain degree of harm and culpability. The labels attached
to the individual black dots reflect the indicative sentence at that specific
point. The dots are placed strategically at the top-most end, middle and
bottom-most end of each box (ie, highest, middle and lowest combination of
harm and culpability that falls within each box) to provide guidance as to the
indicative starting sentences at each of those key points.

(h) The yellow line represents the custodial threshold. It coincides with the
upper and right-most tip of the slight harm, low culpability box.

(i) The light blue section reflects where cases falling within Romel
categories 2 and 3 will generally fall into, while the dark blue sections
reflect where cases falling within Romel category 1 will generally fall.

(j) When the dots having the identical indicative starting sentences are
joined together by a continuous line, one gets the lines of equal indicative
starting sentences that look like the contour lines of equal elevation in a
topographic map, ie, Elevation Lines of Equal Sentences (see [186]–[188]
above). It is clear that as these lines of equal indicative starting sentences
are situated further and further away from the bottom-leftmost corner of the
blue portion of the harm-culpability matrix, the lines will represent higher
and higher indicative starting sentences. For a particular point (representing
a combination of a specific degree of harm and culpability being subjectively
determined based on the facts) that happens to fall somewhere in between two
contour lines of equal indicative sentences, a rough and ready visual
approximation will provide the indicative starting sentence for that
intermediate point.

265 This matrix provides not only an indicative sentencing range within each
box if the matrix were to be divided into nine boxes, but also a specific and
more definitive indicative starting sentence if the court is able to determine
more precisely where the specific degree of harm and culpability lie along the
respective harm and culpability axis based on the factual matrix of the case
in question and an assessment of the relevant offence-specific factors.

266 If a sentencing court is only able to say that the harm and culpability
fall within a range and is unable to concretely determine the harm and
culpability with any greater precision, then the same matrix will be able to
provide a possible range of indicative starting sentences. For a detailed
explanation of how to deal with such uncertainty, see Annex B.

267 The Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix is primarily geared towards helping a
sentencing court determine the indicative starting imprisonment sentence. It
does not provide guidance as to the appropriate indicative quantum of fine to
be levied on an offender except to say that at the top- and rightmost tip of
the severe harm, high culpability box, the indicative sentence is the maximum
imprisonment term of 60 months’ and a $100,000 fine. The absence of specific
guidance is because of the difficulty recognised at [216] above. The quantum
of fines to be levied in addition to or in place of an imprisonment term (or
some portion of it) is thus left to the sentencing court.

(1) Understanding the custodial threshold

268 It is important to explain the concept of the custodial threshold in this
specific context lest the Modified Harm-Culpability matrix be misunderstood as
reserving the entire sentencing spectrum of fines up to $100,000 for a small
segment of offenders.

269 In the context of offences for which the sentences of fine and
imprisonment are mutually exclusive, a custodial threshold refers to a
situation where the court will no longer impose a fine because of the severity
of the offence but will impose a custodial sentence only as per the statute.
However, under s 6 of the PCA, Parliament has provided for the possibility of
a custodial term, a fine and a combination sentence, ie, a sentence of
imprisonment with an added fine.

270 As such, the concept of a custodial threshold is slightly trickier. It is
trite that fines can also have punitive and deterrent effects on offenders.
Furthermore, a sentence of a fine may be as punitive as a sentence of
imprisonment, depending on the quantum of the fine and the length of
imprisonment in default of payment of the fine – for example, a fine of
$100,000 (in-default 1 months’ imprisonment) may be regarded as being more
punitive than 2 days’ imprisonment. In a similar vein, a sentence of $100,000
(in-default 1 months’ imprisonment) and 2 days’ imprisonment may be regarded
as being more punitive than 4 days’ imprisonment alone. This means that if one
were to line up all possible sentences under s 6 of the PCA in ascending order
of severity, there may be situations in which a sentence of a very high fine
with a high in-default sentence is much more severe (and hence, more suitable
to an offender who has committed a more serious offence) than a pure low
sentence of imprisonment. In the absence of a concretely defined correlation
between the severity of imprisonment terms and fines with in-default sentences
(eg, that $10,000 fine in-default 3 days’ imprisonment is equivalent to 1
day’s imprisonment, or $100,000 fine in-default 30 days’ imprisonment is
equivalent to 10 days’ imprisonment), it is not possible to fully determine
what this exact line up of sentence severity will be.

271 As mentioned previously, the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix is primarily
focussed on determining the appropriate indicative imprisonment sentence for
an offender. While it does not need to be able to help courts determine the
appropriate fine for an offender (eg, $14,500, $17,500 or $95,000), it cannot
completely ignore and exclude the possibility of a fine. Doing so would mean
that it would fall foul of the Completeness principle.

272 As such, it is necessary to rethink what a “custodial threshold” means. In
my view, a custodial threshold in the context of cases where a combination of
a fine and imprisonment term is a possibility, refers to an inflection point
after which the severity of the offence mandates that the indicative starting
sentence can no longer be a fine (not even of $100,000) alone. It must, at the
minimum, include also an additional imprisonment term.

273 Correspondingly, for areas below the custodial threshold, the sentencing
court will impose a fine most of the time. However, the sentencing court is
not precluded from imposing a short custodial sentence in place of a fine (eg,
if it is clear that the offender will be unable to pay the fine) such as four
days’ imprisonment. It is also not precluded from imposing a very short
custodial sentence and a smaller fine such as three days’ imprisonment and a
$10,000 fine in-default 2 days’ imprisonment.

274 For a fuller explanation of various aspects of the Modified Harm-
Culpability Matrix, as well as how I have derived and backtested its contents,
see Annex A.

The Contour Matrix

275 It will be much easier to understand and use the Modified Harm-Culpability
Matrix when one completely ignores the indicative sentencing range stipulated
for each box and simply concentrates on the individual indicative starting
sentences for all the dots placed at various strategic points in the matrix.
One can then interpolate between the indicative starting sentences stipulated
for each of these dots (or the nearest adjacent dots) to obtain the indicative
starting sentence if the case in question (with its own level of harm and
culpability) falls somewhere between these dots. I can further simplify the
Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix by removing the indicative sentencing ranges
(in red) in each of the boxes and joining up the points of equal indicative
sentences to derive the contour lines of equal sentence in its place (akin to
the contours of elevation in a topographical map). I refer to these as contour
lines. The resultant matrix is the Contour Matrix.

276 As can be seen below, the Contour Matrix retains the main features of the
Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix (see above at [264]). Contour lines are
represented by continuous non-dotted lines on the Contour Matrix. The
indicative starting sentence for all points on the same contour line is
denoted by the words in black (eg, 44 months and FINE). There are thicker and
thinner contour lines. The thicker lines represent contour lines derived by
joining up the dots at the top-most, middle and bottom-most tips of each box
in the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix. The thinner lines are defined via
interpolation, ie, they are drawn at the midpoint between two thicker lines.
Correspondingly the indicative starting sentence attached to each thinner line
is the mid-point indicative starting sentence between the two thicker lines.
For example, between “12 months and FINE” and “28 months and FINE”, the mid-
point indicative starting sentence is “20 months and FINE”. The word “FINE”
again refers to a fine from $0 to $100,000.

* * *

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 12: The Contour Matrix

* * *

277 The process of interpolation becomes even clearer should a case in
question fall in between these diagonal contour lines. These contour lines
show increasing indicative starting sentences as the diagonal lines are
situated further and further away from the bottom-leftmost point of the
matrix, as they obviously must. The indicative starting sentences in this
model are distributed such that they increase smoothly with corresponding
increases in both culpability and harm. Even if the harm at any level is kept
constant, and only culpability increases (or vice versa), the indicative
starting sentences can be seen also to increase smoothly. There are no gaps
and discontinuities when one moves in any direction in this model. When one
moves along a contour line of equal indicative starting sentence, one actually
finds that one independent variable (ie, culpability or harm) increases while
the other independent variable decreases, and with equal weightage ascribed to
both independent variables, there will be no net change in overall criminal
culpability thereby resulting in no change in the indicative starting
sentence. This again makes logical sense.

Using the Contour Matrix and the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix

278 I now summarise how the Contour Matrix and Modified Harm-Culpability
Matrix are used as part of the Modified Framework in Steps 2 and 3. First,
after identifying and assessing the offence-specific factors going to harm and
culpability at Step 1, the sentencing judge will broadly determine where the
specific level of harm caused by the offender and where the specific level of
his culpability lie along the respective spectrum of harm and culpability in
the Modified Framework (eg, moderate harm and medium culpability or very,
very, high harm and low culpability). If there is uncertainty as to the
offender’s level of harm or culpability in the sentencing judge’s assessment
of the offence-specific factors, the sentencing judge will have to determine
what is the appropriate range of the levels of harm and culpability (eg,
between slight to moderate harm, and between medium to high culpability). When
these range inputs are applied, the Modified Framework will throw up an output
comprising a range of values for the indicative sentence (ie, an indicative
sentencing range). For more details on this, see Annex B.

279 Second, the sentencing judge will have to exercise his or her discretion
to select an appropriate indicative starting sentence from the indicative
sentencing range result thrown up by the use of the Modified Framework (this
is Step 2 of the Modified Framework):

(a) The Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix: the indicative sentencing range
refers to the red words within each box of the matrix (eg, up to 28 months and
FINE).

(b) The Contour Matrix: the indicative sentencing range refers to the
indicative sentences prescribed with reference to the contour lines within
which the broad levels of harm and culpability fall. The indicative sentencing
range (as an output from the Contour Matrix) will be narrower or broader
depending on how precisely or imprecisely the sentencing judge has been able
to assess the levels of the harm and culpability parameters (as inputs into
the Contour Matrix).

(i) For example, if the sentencing judge finds that harm is very broadly in
the moderate range and culpability is very broadly in the medium range, the
two contour lines flanking these levels are those corresponding to “Custodial
Threshold” at the bottom left corner of the middle box and “up to 28 months
and FINE” at the top right corner of the middle box. The indicative sentencing
range is thus up to 28 months’ imprisonment plus the option of imposing a fine
up to $100,000.

(ii) Similarly, if the sentencing judge finds that the level of harm is on
upper end of moderate and culpability is on the lower end of medium, then the
two contour lines flanking these levels are those corresponding to “6 months
and FINE” and “20 months and FINE”. The indicative sentencing range is thus “6
to 20 months’ imprisonment and FINE”.

280 Third, in the exercise of his sentencing discretion, the sentencing judge
should make an assessment as to where exactly the offender’s offence lies
within the area of the matrix.

281 Fourth, after determining the offender’s exact position (per charge)
within each box, the sentencing judge can then arrive at the appropriate
indicative starting sentence by interpolating from the nearest points or lines
labelled with an indicative starting sentence (“strategic points”). This is
Step 3 of the Modified Framework.

(a) The Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix: the strategic points are the dots
within the matrix. The sentencing judge should pick the dot that is nearest to
the specific point on which the offender falls. The indicative starting
sentence of the offender will be similar to that of the dot nearest to the
offender’s point. For example, if the nearest dot is the one in the middle of
the moderate harm, moderate culpability box, the nearest indicative starting
sentence is 12 months’ imprisonment plus fine up to $100,000. If the
offender’s point is leftwards and downwards from the point (ie, lower in terms
of harm and culpability), then the appropriate indicative sentence is
somewhere close to but below 12 months’ imprisonment plus fine up to $100,000.
If the offender’s point is rightwards and upwards from the point (ie, higher
in terms of harm and culpability), then the appropriate indicative sentence is
somewhere close to, but above 12 months’ imprisonment plus fine up to
$100,000.

(b) The Contour Matrix: the strategic points are not “points” per se but
rather, contour lines. The sentencing judge should identify the contour line
that is closest to the specific point on which the offender falls. The
indicative starting sentence of the offender will be similar to that of the
line nearest to the offender’s point. For example, if the nearest contour line
is the one labelled “12 mths and FINE”, the nearest indicative sentence is 12
months’ imprisonment plus the option of imposing a fine up to $100,000. If the
offender’s point is leftwards and downwards from the contour line (ie, lower
in terms of harm and culpability), then the appropriate indicative starting
sentence is somewhere close to but below 12 months’ imprisonment plus fine up
to $100,000. If the offender’s point is rightwards and upwards from the point
(ie, higher in terms of harm caused and culpability), then the appropriate
indicative sentence is somewhere close to, but above 12 months’ imprisonment
plus fine up to $100,000.

282 Fifth, after determining the indicative starting sentence for the
imprisonment term, the sentencing judge can then consider if it is appropriate
to impose in addition a fine up to $100,000, and if so, what the quantum
should be. This is also part of Step 3 of the Modified Framework.

283 As can be seen, this is materially similar to how a traditional harm-
culpability matrix is used. The main difference is in Step 3 of the Modified
Framework which provides specific guidance to a sentencing court as to how the
indicative starting sentence is derived from the matrix. The key to this is
spatial awareness and an understanding that every single point in the matrix
represents a particular combination of the different degrees of severity or
values of the respective harm and culpability parameters, as the two
independent variables in this Double Variable Framework.

Steps 4 and 5: The offender-specific factors and the totality principle

284 At Step 4, the court considers the offender-specific factors which do not
directly relate to the commission of the offence in question and are generally
applicable across all criminal offences. As stated in Wong Chee Meng ([10]
supra), the following non-exhaustive considerations will be relevant at this
stage of the analysis:

Offender-specific factors (Non-exhaustive)  
---  
Aggravating factors| Mitigating factors  
(a) Offences taken into consideration for sentencing purposes(b) Relevant
antecedents(c) Evident lack of remorse| (a) A guilty plea(b) Co-operation with
the authorities(c) Actions taken to minimise harm to victims  
  
285 These factors are not exhaustive of the considerations that might be
relevant to sentencing for an offence committed under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the
PCA.

286 Finally, after determining the sentences for each charge, the sentencing
court must have regard to the totality principle in determining the global
sentence for the offender.

Issue 4: The appeals against sentence

287 I turn to apply this framework to the 28 charges facing each appellant.

288 There are two main offence-specific factors that go towards harm.

289 First, significant harm was caused to Koh who was unable to extricate
himself and Chia Lee from the corrupt profit-sharing arrangement. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DPP Subs 3 at para 94.

(a) For six long years, Koh (and by extension Chia Lee) was forced to partake
in an arrangement which did not make commercial sense. When the parties first
entered into the arrangement, the profit from the sale of industrial flour was
US$23 per metric ton, but Koh’s share was only US$3 per metric ton (ie, less
than 1/7 of the total profits) even though Chia Lee was responsible for all
the administrative work involved in the sale. Furthermore, Koh’s share of the
profits remained constant at US$3 per metric ton even though profits from the
industrial flour business increased to US$40, US$50 and even US$60 per metric
ton. The reality of the arrangement was that as the business flourished, Koh
and Chia Lee would be handling ever larger quantities of administrative work
for the same meagre remuneration.

(b) The profit-sharing arrangement exposed Chia Lee to the risk of ever-
increasing tax liability as the business flourished. Koh was well aware that
Chia Lee’s tax liability for the industrial flour would grow as the business
flourished. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

ROP at p 300, NEs 20 March 2017, p 91 lines 4 – 21.

Koh also knew that the constant “profit” of US$3 per metric ton would be
insufficient to cover the increased tax liability after a certain point and
would thus result in losses. While there is no proof that Chia Lee had ever
paid an increased tax liability as a result of the arrangement, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Ishibe Subs 1 at para 22.

the fact remains that as the industrial flour business flourished, Koh’s
actions would have exposed Chia Lee to the risk of ever-increasing tax
liability (and an even higher financial penalty if it had been caught evading
taxes), while the so-called “profit” of a meagre US$3 per metric ton to Koh
and Chia Lee remained constant.

(c) Crucially, Koh’s financial situation became dire by June 2005. This was
made worse by the continual extraction of bribes from him, namely the bribes
corresponding to charges 19 to 28. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DPP Subs 3 at para 94.

The financial situation deteriorated to the point that Koh stopped calculating
the appellants’ share of the profits from the industrial flour business, and
simply paid them whatever he could afford. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

DPP Subs 2 at para 63; DPP Subs 1 at para 23(b).

290 Second, harm was also caused to the appellant’s principal. Sojitz Japan
brought a civil suit against the appellants in respect of the damage suffered
by the companies due to the appellants’ corrupt conduct and was awarded
judgment against them. The Japanese judgment was registered with the Singapore
High Court in 2014 by Sojitz Singapore. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

ROP at p 5396 at para 10.

The appellants were held to be jointly and severally liable to pay a total sum
of approximately $875,248.51, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

DPP Subs 3 at para 92.

but they eventually reached an agreement with Sojitz Singapore to pay a sum of
$200,000 as full and final settlement of the Japanese judgment debt. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

ROP at p 5396 at para 10.

The judgment sum of $875,248.51 is a good gauge of the harm that was caused to
the appellants’ principal.

291 That said, while the corrupt conduct of the appellants has caused loss to
the Japan Company and the Singapore Company, there is no evidence that they
suffered any additional loss by virtue of the fact that Chia Lee remained the
sole distributor of edible flour. Chia Lee had been the sole distributor of
edible flour for Nippon Flour Mills since 1978, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

ROP at p 619, NEs 22 March 2017 at p 132 lines 3 – 8.

and was held in high regard by the Japan Company, Singapore Company and Nippon
Flour Mill. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

ROP at pp 2613 – 2614 (Exhibit P7 – Credit Renewal Application in 2005);
Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 17(f) and (g).

It continued working with Nippon Flour Mills even after the termination of the
appellants’ employment on 26 February 2010 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 15.

– in fact, in December 2013, Chia Lee was still trading in industrial flour.
117

##### Foot Note 117

×

ROP at p 564, NEs 22 March 2017, at p 78 lines 16 – 25; Ishibe’s Subs 1 at
para 85.

292 In my judgment, the aggregate harm is at the lower end of severe (ie, when
viewed cumulatively for the purpose of the aggregate or total sentence).
However, for the purposes of calibrating the individual charges, the harm
accruing from the individual instances of corruption (each involving much
smaller amounts of bribe when compared to the aggregate amount of bribes) is
perhaps between the low and the middle portions of the moderate level
depending on the individual amounts of bribe for each charge. The bribe
quantum is relevant to harm because it represents the amount of money that
Chia Lee and Koh earned rightfully from their labour in selling industrial
flour, but which was instead diverted to the appellants.

293 There are four main factors that go towards culpability.

294 First is the amount of gratification involved in each charge. The amounts
involved ranged from $13,750 to $117,523. The amount of gratification involved
is an important factor in determining the proper sentences for corruption
offences (see Heng Tze Yong ([79(c)] supra) at [25]). It is also important to
appreciate that the appellants were capable of accumulating such a large sum
of bribes because their offending was over a long and sustained period. Even
though the charges relate to payments made between February 2004 and November
2007, the reality is that the corrupt arrangement began in 2002 and only ended
when Sojitz Japan took over Chia Lee’s account. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

DPP Subs 3 at para 96.

Gratification is relevant to culpability because it reflects the appellants’
greed and significant financing profit from the profit-sharing arrangement.

295 Second, the offences were sophisticated and involved considerable planning
and premeditation, which I amalgamate to constitute a single aggravating
factor. From the outset, the appellants had deliberately targeted Chia Lee
because they knew that that they had a hold over Koh in the form of his edible
flour business. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DPP Subs 3 at para 97.

To carry out the profit-sharing arrangement, the appellants schemed to get
Chia Lee, a newcomer to the industrial flour business, appointed as the new
industrial flour distributor to replace the financially struggling Sin Heng
Chan. They succeeded in doing so even though Koh had no expertise in the
industrial flour business, which operated in a markedly different fashion from
the edible flour business. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

ROP at p 292, NEs 20 March 2017, p 83 lines 9 -15.

Furthermore, the appellants admitted that to ensure the profitability of the
corrupt scheme, they found customers for Chia Lee and negotiated with them in
relation to the industrial flour business. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Masui Subs 1 at para 11.

296 Third, the appellants had threatened and coerced Koh into entering and
remaining in the corrupt scheme. The consistent thread in Koh’s evidence is
that he deeply treasured Chia Lee’s edible flour business. It represented the
sum of his life’s work which he had painstakingly built up over more than 20
years. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

ROP at p 294, NEs 20 March 2017, p 83 lines 8 – 18; ROP at p 378, NEs 21 March
2017 p 43 lines 1 – 4; ROP at p 807, NEs 24 March 2017 p 154 lines 8 – 15.

Unfortunately, this was used as leverage by the appellants to request for
“favours” (ie, for Koh to enter and remain in the profit-sharing arrangement)
in return for them safeguarding Chia Lee’s position as the sole distributor of
edible flour in Singapore. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

ROP at pp 292 – 293, NE 20 March 2017 p 82 line 24 – p 84 line 8.

To ensure that Koh continued doing favours for them, the appellants made
deliberate efforts to keep Koh “updated” on inquiries about the edible flour
business at the Singapore Company, the Japan Company and even at Nippon Flour
Mills, ie, potential competitors for the role of sole distributor of edible
flour. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

ROP at p 295, NEs 20 March 2017, p 86 lines 16 – 22.

By doing so, the appellants reinforced Koh’s impression that they were
powerful 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

ROP at p 296, NEs 20 March 2017, p 87 lines 15 – 16.

and capable of determining his fate, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

ROP at p 639, NEs 22 March 2017, p 153 lines 1 -3.

such that he had no choice but to “help” them so as to guarantee the smooth-
running of the edible flour business. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

ROP at p 378, NEs 21 March 2017, p 41 lines 7 – 17.

297 The appellants’ conduct thus fell squarely within Romel category 3 as it
involved the interference with Koh’s legitimate right to choose not to be a
party to the profit-sharing arrangement. Koh was also faced with the threat of
having his edible flour business compromised if he did not pay bribes. This is
a significant aggravating factor.

298 Fourth, there was an abuse of position and a breach of trust. The
appellants occupied senior roles in the Japan and Singapore Companies and were
valued employees. Masui joined the company in 1987 while Ishibe joined in 1989
– both remained in the company until their termination in 2010. These were
their first jobs and they were rewarded for their steadfastness with a steady
stream of promotions across the years. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

ROP at pp 1539 – 1543.

A significant degree of trust had clearly been reposed in both of them, which
they betrayed by conceiving of, and implementing the corrupt profit-sharing
arrangement that continued for several years.

299 In my judgment, culpability as a whole is at the higher end of medium.

300 For a combination of culpability at the higher end of medium on the
culpability scale, and harm falling between the low end to the middle of
moderate on the harm scale, depending on the individual amounts of bribe for
each charge (ranging from $13,750 to $117,523), the range of indicative
starting sentences based on a broad interpolation from the Contour Matrix is
between 6 to 14 months’ imprisonment plus a fine up to $100,000 for the
individual charges. As I have already accounted for all the other offence-
specific factors that are common across the charges, the only variable left to
account for is the amount of gratification given and received. The yellow
square in Figure 13 below represents the general position of the 28 charges
within the Contour Matrix, and their corresponding indicative starting
sentences.

* * *

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 13: Indicative sentencing range indicated on the Contour Matrix

* * *

301 Therefore, the relevant quadrant in question to determine the range of the
indicative starting sentences is approximately in the region of the upper left
quadrant of the moderate harm, medium culpability box.

302 Having arrived at an indicative sentencing range, I now provide more
discrete ranges of indicative sentencing according to differing amounts of
gratification given and received for each charge. In my judgment, the
following indicative starting imprisonment sentences will be appropriate
bearing in mind all the other offence-specific factors present on the facts of
this case:

Amount of Gratification| Indicative Starting Sentence per charge
(imprisonment)  
---|---  
More than S$100,000| 12 months and above  
S$80,000 to S$100,000| 11 to 12 months  
S$60,000 to S$80,000| 10 to 11 months  
S$40,000 to S$60,000| 9 to 10 months  
S$20,000 to S$40,000| 8 to 9 months  
Below S$20,000| 8 months and below  
  
303 I am further of the view that a fine of approximately 10% of the bribe
quantum received per charge would be appropriate. As these fines will also
have a punitive and deterrent effect on the appellants, I find it appropriate
to reduce the indicative starting imprisonment term per charge by one month.
The indicative starting sentences, per charge, are therefore as follows:

Charge| Gratification (S$)| Indicative Starting Imprisonment Sentence|
Indicative Starting Fines (nearest integer) (S$)  
---|---|---|---  
C1| 71,773| 9 months and 2 weeks| 7,177  
C2| 117,523| 12 months| 11,752  
C3| 87,095| 10 months and 1 week| 8,710  
C4| 74,272| 9 months and 2 weeks| 7,427  
C5| 77,167| 9 months and 3 weeks| 7,717  
C6| 36,525| 7 months and 3 weeks| 3,653  
C7| 58,386| 8 months and 3 weeks| 5,839  
C8| 58,521| 8 months and 3 weeks| 5,852  
C9| 59,450| 8 months and 3 weeks| 5,945  
C10| 76,882| 9 months and 3 weeks| 7,688  
C11| 76,360| 9 months and 3 weeks| 7,636  
C12| 85,641| 10 months| 8,564  
C13| 89,091| 10 months and 1 week| 8,909  
C14| 105,240| 11 months| 10,524  
C15| 81,096| 10 months| 8,110  
C16| 91,486| 10 months and 2 weeks| 9,149  
C17| 91,363| 10 months and 2 weeks| 9,136  
C18| 104,991| 11 months| 10,499  
C19| 13,750| 6 months and 2 weeks| 1,375  
C20| 23,460| 7 months| 2,346  
C21| 86,275| 10 months and 1 week| 8,628  
C22| 23,580| 7 months| 2,358  
C23| 56,952| 8 months and 3 weeks| 5,695  
C24| 11,074| 6 months and 1 week| 1,107  
C25| 111,211| 12 months| 11,121  
C26| 45,360| 8 months and 1 week| 4,536  
C27| 112,009| 12 months| 11,201  
C28| 82,900| 10 months| 8,290  
Total bribes | S$2,009,433| Total Fines | 200,944(ie, 10% of the gratification per charge, totalled up and rounded up to the nearest decimal place)  
  
304 Turning to Step 4, I agree with the Prosecution and the DJ that there are
no offender-specific factors warranting a downward adjustment of the
indicative sentences. Hence, the imprisonment sentence and fine that I will
impose for each charge is as per the above table at [303].

305 First, contrary to the appellants’ assertions, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at para 71; Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 143.

there was no “voluntary disgorgement of the value of the gratification by
paying Koh US$240,000, and Sojitz Japan and Sojitz Singapore S$200,000”.

306 Ishibe argues that the appellants’ payment of $200,000 is a mitigating
factor as it constituted full and final settlement of Sojitz Japan’s claim
against them. I do not agree. The sum of $200,000 was paid as a settlement of
a much larger judgment sum which had already been successfully obtained
against them by Sojitz Japan in its civil suit against the appellants. I agree
with the Prosecution that having put their principal through a full trial and
an appeal to recover these monies, this payment can hardly be said to be
voluntary or evidence of any contrition or remorse on the appellants’ part.

307 The payment of US$240,000 to Koh should not be seen as voluntary
restitution because it was made to facilitate the appellants’ corrupt scheme
by keeping the financially struggling Chia Lee afloat so that the profit-
sharing arrangement could continue. Furthermore, this was a payment to the
giver of gratification who, apart from being a victim, was in fact a co-
conspirator in multiple corruption offences. In any event, if mitigating
weight is to be placed on restitution, this would have to be in the situation
where it is made to a principal in respect of loss suffered as a result of the
corruption offence (see Wong Chee Meng ([10] supra) at [74]). But in this
case, the US$240,000 payment was not voluntarily paid to the principal for the
loss suffered and hence, I do not ascribe any mitigating weight to this
payment to the giver of the gratification, a co-conspirator in the corruption
offence.

308 Second, there is no credible evidence that the appellants were remorseful
for their actions or that they had cooperated with the authorities since
investigations began in 2013. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at para 74; Masui’s Subs 1 at para 301.

Only Masui raised this as an offender-specific factor that warranted a
downward adjustment of the indicative sentences. However, Masui’s assertions
are unsupported by any credible evidence, and he had also admitted under
cross-examination that he had lied to CPIB officers during the recording of
his statements. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

ROP pp 1269 - 1272, NEs 18 September 2017, p 109 line 21 – p 111 line 4; p 112
lines 4 -8.

The DJ devoted a number of paragraphs to the appellants’ “mendacious nature”
(Decision at [72]) and also observed that their “conduct during the trial
showed a singular lack of remorse on their part” (Decision at [122]).

309 Third, I am unable to accept Masui’s assertions that “care had been taken
to ensure that absolutely no harm would be caused to Sojitz Japan and Sojitz
Singapore as a result of the profit-sharing arrangement”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at para 75.

While I note that Masui had originally recommended that Nissho Singapore take
over the role of industrial flour distributor, and had only recommended Chia
Lee after Nissho Japan rejected his original suggestion, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at para 75(a).

the appellants knew that appointing and retaining Chia Lee was not in the best
interests of the Singapore Company.

310 The appellants admitted that from 2002 to 2007: (a) they knew that it
would be in the best interests of the Singapore Company to have a company that
was experienced and financially sound as the industrial flour distributor; and
(b) they were aware of other companies in Singapore who were trading in
industrial flour. Nonetheless, they never recommended any other company as the
distributor for industrial flour, apart from Chia Lee. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

ROP at pp 1058 – 1059 3 August 2017, p 4 line 13 – p 5 line 9; ROP at pp 1278
– 1280, NEs 18 September 2017, p 118 line 23 – p 119 line 5, p 119 line 12 – p
120 line 3.

This is problematic because in 2002, Chia Lee was not a suitable replacement
for financially unstable Sin Heng Chan as the new industrial flour
distributor. When Ishibe first approached Koh in 2002, Koh had no expertise in
the industrial flour business, which operated in a markedly different fashion
from the edible flour business. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ROP at p 292, NEs 20 March 2017, p 83 lines 9 -15.

311 Further, in 2005, the appellants were both aware of Chia Lee’s dire
financial situation. Nonetheless, they chose not to alert either the Singapore
or Japan Company about it, and took no steps to find a replacement for Chia
Lee despite their admitted knowledge of other suitable candidates in the
industrial flour industry. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

ROP at p 1280, NEs 18 September 2017, p 120 lines 11 – 12; ROP at pp 1200 -
1201, NEs 18 September 2017, p 40 line 7 – p 41 line 10.

It should be borne in mind that Sin Heng Chan was removed from its old
position in 2002 for the exact same reason.

312 Bearing in mind the foregoing, I am of the view that on the facts of this
case, there are no offender-specific factors that warrant a downward
adjustment of the indicative starting sentences.

313 I turn finally to Step 5 of the Modified Framework which entails making
further adjustments to account for the totality principle (see Public
Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishan [2018] 5 SLR 799 at [73]).

314 The present appeals involve one of the most egregious cases of purely
private sector corruption in Singapore, both in terms of the total quantum of
bribes that the appellants had systematically extracted from Koh and the
coercive tactics they had employed to do so. There is also a pressing public
interest concern in discouraging the corrupt criminal conduct that has been
displayed by the appellants (Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor
[2014] 2 SLR 998 at [80]). I am of the view that running only two sentences
consecutively would be insufficient to encompass the overall criminality of
the appellants’ conduct.

315 In my judgment, I agree with the DJ that it is appropriate to run the
imprisonment sentences for four charges ie, the appellants’ individual charges
corresponding to C2, C6, C25 and C27 (see the charges highlighted in green in
the table at [303] above) consecutively. Further, the fines for each charge
are cumulative. The total sentence is thus 43 months’ and 3 weeks’
imprisonment and a fine of $200,944 for each appellant.

316 For the avoidance of doubt, I add that in arriving at the total sentence
for each appellant, I have given much thought to the overall sentence after
imposing combination sentences for each of the 28 charges. I am also mindful
of the possibility that the appellants may default on payment of their fines
and the penalties to be imposed, and have thus calibrated the in-default
imprisonment terms to 12 months’ imprisonment for both the fine and the
penalty (see [341] below) such that the overall sentence will be proportionate
to the appellants’ overall criminal conduct even in the event of a default
(see Ho Sheng Yu Garreth v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 375 at [127], cited
with approval by Hoo J in Koh Jaw Hung v Public Prosecutor [2018] SGHC 251 at
[57]–[58]).

317 It is trite that fines ought not to be imposed if it is unambiguously
clear that the offender is unable to pay the fine and will have to serve the
imprisonment term in default of payment of the fine (Low Meng Chay v Public
Prosecutor [1993] 1 SLR(R) 46 at [13]). Masui and Ishibe’s respective counsel
have not pointed me to any evidence which shows that they will not be able to
afford the fines. As alluded to previously (at [303] above), if no fines had
been imposed in addition to the imprisonment terms for the various offences, I
would not have given a one-month reduction in the imprisonment terms.
Imposition of fines in addition to the imprisonment terms is therefore not
disadvantageous to the appellants.

Issue 5: The penalty order

318 The penultimate issue in these appeals concerns the appropriate penalty
order under s 13(1) of the PCA and much ink has been spilled on this. The DJ
had ordered each of the appellants to pay a penalty of $1,025,701 (in-default
6 months’ imprisonment), being their respective halves of the total sum of
gratification received, as calculated by the DJ (Decision at [132]). The
appellants appealed against that order. Broadly speaking, both appellants
agree with the DJ that their penalty orders ought to be based on the amount of
gratification received. However, they disagree as to the exact quantum of
their respective penalty orders.

319 Ishibe argues that he received only US$50,000 from Masui and the penalty
order ought to be revised downwards as it is “not meant to be punitive, but
simply to disgorge what one personally received from a corrupt transaction”.
Ishibe’s position on the appropriate quantum of the penalty order is not
entirely clear; at the conclusion of his first set of submissions filed 16
July 2019, he concludes by stating that he received “at best, slightly over
S$1 million”, but in his final set of submissions filed on 11 August 2020, he
concludes by saying that it is “at best, US$50,000”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 157; Ishibe’s Subs 3 at para 17.

320 I reject any suggestion that Ishibe should only be subject to a penalty
order of US$50,000 in the light of my earlier finding that the appellants
shared the bribe moneys equally at [63] above. I turn to Ishibe’s original
argument which is aligned with Masui’s position on the appropriate penalty
order.

321 Citing the case of Public Prosecutor v Marzuki bin Ahmad and another
appeal [2014] 4 SLR 623 (“Marzuki”), the appellants argue that the purpose of
imposing a penalty equal to the gratification under s 13 of the PCA is to
ensure that offenders do not retain their ill-gotten gains, rather than to
impose an additional punitive measure: Marzuki at [61], [62] and [71]. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at para 99; Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 147.

322 Masui submits that the following passage from Marzuki is instructive in
providing guidance as to how his penalty sum ought to be calculated (at [71]):
139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at para 100.

… the basis upon which the penalty sum should be quantified should not
ultimately be determined by whether or how the recipient has used or spent or
even lost the gratification. Instead, the key question is whether the
recipient has retained the benefit of the gratification. In my judgment, the
underlying principle in general is that a penalty order for a sum equivalent
to the sum of money received by the recipient will not be appropriate where:
(a) the recipient has returned or repaid the money to the giver; or (b) the
money has been disgorged from the recipient, whether voluntarily or otherwise.
This is because if the position were otherwise, then the effect of the penalty
order would go unreasonably beyond the objective of stripping away from the
recipient the benefit that he corruptly received. [emphasis in italics from
Masui’s submissions]

323 On this basis, the appellants argue that the following sums ought to be
deducted from the total gratification amount of $2,009,433, and, therefore,
from the penalty orders on each appellant for half of that sum, ie,
$1,004,716.50 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at para 111; Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 146.

(a) First, the sum of $200,000 paid to the Sojitz Japan in full and final
settlement of the judgment sum awarded by the Japanese civil court against the
appellants ought to be deducted as this was disgorged from them. Further,
there is a clear nexus between the Japanese judgment and the present offences
given that the judgment was concerned with their employment with the Japan
Company and their eventual termination due to the breach of the company rules.
141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at paras 106 - 108; Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 148.

This settlement sum was borne equally by both appellants.

(b) Second, the sum of US$240,000 ought to be deducted as this was returned to
Koh in June 2005. This means that it had been “disgorged” and the appellants
could no longer be said to have “retained or benefitted from this sum”. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at para 104, 105; Ishibe’s Subs 1 at para 149.

The appellants contributed equally to this sum.

(c) The sums of S$33,322.20 and US$138,152.48 (ie, S$171,309.07) that were in
Masui’s frozen bank accounts. This gratification had been recovered by the
authorities and thus disgorged as well. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at paras 109 – 110.

324 In my judgment, none of the above sums should be deducted from the
appellants’ penalty orders (ie, $1,004,716.50 each). It is important to note
that Marzuki was primarily concerned with a case where the bribes took the
form of loans, as opposed to outright gifts of sums of money. Let me explain.

325 I begin by reproducing s 13 of the PCA:

When penalty to be imposed in addition to other punishment

13.—(1) Where a court convicts any person of an offence committed by the
acceptance of any gratification in contravention of any provision of this Act,
then, if that gratification is a sum of money or if the value of that
gratification can be assessed, the court shall, in addition to imposing on
that person any other punishment, order him to pay as a penalty, within such
time as may be specified in the order, a sum which is equal to the amount of
that gratification or is, in the opinion of the court, the value of that
gratification, and any such penalty shall be recoverable as a fine.

…

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in underlined italics]

326 The definition of “gratification” under s 2 of the PCA is a broad one and
includes loans, gifts of property, services, money, etc. A plain reading of s
13 of the PCA reveals that Parliament drew a clear distinction between cases
where the “gratification is a sum of money” (ie, an outright gift of money)
and cases where it is not (eg, a favourable loan or revealing insider
information about a particular trade). If the gratification is a sum of money,
the statute states that a court “shall … order him to pay as a penalty … a sum
which is equal to the amount of the gratification” [emphasis added]. In my
view, the italicised words mean that once a sentencing court finds that a
convicted offender accepted a sum of money as gratification, the court must
impose a penalty sum equal to the amount of gratification. It is only if a
court finds that the gratification did not take the form of a sum of money
(eg, a loan or a service), that the court looks into the question of whether
the “value of the gratification can be assessed”, and is subsequently given
the limited discretion to determine the value of that gratification. I refer
to this as the Plain Interpretation of s 13(1) of the PCA and I adopt it for
three reasons.

327 First, the Plain Interpretation accords with common sense. There is no
need for Parliament to give the court a discretion as to the value of the
gratification if it is an outright gift of money as there can only be one
correct value. The value of $1,004,716.50 of money is $1,004,716.50. The court
is only given a limited discretion to determine the value of the gratification
if there may be multiple acceptable ways to value it. For example, assuming
that the gratification is a loan, it is the recipient’s ability to use that
money for a period of time that constitutes the gratification rather than the
actual sum loaned (Marzuki ([321] supra) at [60]). A number of factors will
affect the valuation of the gratification such as whether it was repaid, when
it was repaid, the choice of interest rates, etc. Further, by virtue of the
mandatory word “shall”, the court is required to impose a penalty upon an
offender that “shall be recoverable as a fine”, so long as it is able to
quantify the value of the gratification.

328 Second, the Plain Interpretation is, in effect, an application of the
well-established canon of construction: the reddendo singula singulis
principle. This concerns the use of words distributively and requires that
(Diggory Bailey and Luke Norbury, Bennion on Statutory Interpretation
(LexisNexis, 7th Ed, 2017) at para 23.10):

Where a complex sentence has more than one subject, and more than one object,
it may be the right construction to render each to each, by reading the
provision distributively and applying each object to its appropriate subject.
A similar principle applies to verbs and their subjects, and to other parts of
speech.

…

EXAMPLE

If an exactment spoke of what was to happen when ‘anyone shall draw or load a
sword or gun …’ this would be read as ‘anyone shall draw a sword or load a gun
…’

…

[emphasis in original]

329 This principle has been applied by the High Court in Jeyaretnam Kenneth
Andrew v Attorney-General [2013] 1 SLR 619 to interpret Art 144(1) of the
Constitution at [29]–[30]. Its approach and the resultant interpretation of
Art 144(1) was wholly endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Jeyaretnam Kenneth
Andrew v Attorney-General [2014] 1 SLR 345 at [11]. The Plain Interpretation
is therefore supported by the express language of the statutory provision. If
it was intended that the court should have a discretion to account for monies
returned or otherwise disgorged, that could have been easily legislated for.
The decision not to do so is, in my view, clear support for the Plain
Interpretation.

330 Third, the Plain Interpretation accords with Parliament’s intention.
Section 13(1) of the PCA was first introduced into Singapore law by the
Prevention of Corruption Ordinance 1960 (No 39 of 1960) (“PCO 1960”). Back
then, s 13 of the PCO contained only s 13(1) of the PCA which has remained
unchanged since 1960, except that the phrase “any provision of this Ordinance”
has been replaced by “any provision of this Act”. Section 13(2) of the PCA was
introduced later in 1981. At the second reading of the Prevention of
Corruption Bill (No 63 of 1960), Mr Ong Pang Boon, then Minister for Home
Affairs explained that (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report
(13 February 1960) vol 12 at col 380):

… Clause 13 empowers a Court to order a person found guilty of accepting an
illegal gratification to pay a penalty equal to the amount of that
gratification in addition to any other punishment impose, and such penalty
shall be recoverable as a fine. This will act as a deterrent because, in
addition to the penalty for the offence, the culprit is called upon to pay the
amount he had taken as a bribe. [emphasis added]

331 More than half a century later in 2013, Mr Teo Chee Hean, then Deputy
Prime Minister and Minister for Home Affairs echoed those words in response to
parliamentary questions about, inter alia, measures that the Ministry for Home
Affairs would undertake to ensure that Singapore stays free of corruption
offences relating to match-fixing. He stated that (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (21 October 2013) vol 90) :

There are stiff penalties for match-fixing corruption. Under sections 5 and 6
of the PCA, persons convicted of corruption face fines not exceeding $100,000,
or imprisonment for up to five years, or both. In addition, under section 13
of the PCA, the Court may impose a further financial penalty against person
who accept gratification, equivalent to the amount received. …

[emphasis added]

332 The italicised words make clear that when Parliament enacted s 13 of the
PCA, it envisaged that the penalty is to be equal to the amount of
gratification received by the convicted offender. There is no mention of any
deductions from the amount of money that has been taken as a bribe.

333 In my judgment, the dicta in Marzuki ([321] supra) ought to be read in its
proper context, ie, as applying to cases where the gratification is not an
outright gift of a sum of money. In other words, Marzuki was concerned with
the second category of cases under s 13 of the PCA, where the court has to
consider the proper value of the gratification received. The accused in
Marzuki was an assistant property executive in Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”)
tasked to conduct periodic checks and inspections at premises leased out by
JTC to ensure that the lessees complied with applicable local laws and
regulations and the terms of their leases. He was obliged to report any such
infringements. During the course of his inspections at foreign worker
dormitories owned by one Chew Wee Kiang Allen (“Allen”), he discovered that
Allen had not obtained certain approvals from the Urban Redevelopment
Authority and the Singapore Civil Defence Force. The accused subsequently came
to an understanding with Allen that the accused would forbear from reporting
the compliance lapses that he had discovered in return for loans from Allen.
The accused received $31,500 worth of loans and attempted to obtain a further
loan of $5,000 over the course of a year. The accused pleaded guilty to six
proceeded charges under s 6(a) of the PCA which collectively involved a total
loan sum of $25,000. The DJ declined to impose a penalty order under s 13(2)
of the PCA in respect of the charges that were taken into consideration for
sentencing, and only imposed a penalty of $25,000 under s 13(1) of the PCA in
respect of the proceeded charges. On appeal, Menon CJ reduced the penalty
under s 13(1) of the PCA to $5,000 because the accused had actually repaid a
sum of $20,000, and thus only retained $5,000: Marzuki at [84]. A penalty
under s 13(2) of the PCA was also imposed to reflect the exact unrepaid loan
sums for the remaining charges: Marzuki at [85]–[86]. In this sense, it can be
said that the outcome of Marzuki was in line with the Plain Interpretation
because the eventual penalty sum was equivalent to the sum of the unrepaid
loans, after Menon CJ determined that the unrepaid loans were, in effect,
gifts of money.

334 Although some statements in Marzuki could be read as being of general
application to all cases under s 13 of the PCA, I take the view that they were
concerned with cases where the gratification was not an outright gift of
money. In particular, I understand the dicta in respect of how the penalty sum
ought to be calculated in Marzuki at [71] (see above at [322]) as being
directed at the fact-scenario at hand, ie, loans. This is because the core
issue in the appeal was whether gratification which took the form of a loan of
money should be treated differently from gratification that took the form of a
gift of money (Marzuki at [48]), when both are technically gratification
taking the form of money.

335 At [60], Menon CJ distinguished between two forms of money gratification.
He stated that where money gratification was given as a gift, it would plainly
be correct that the sum of money received was itself the gratification, and
that value of the gratification was the amount of money received, however,
this would not be so clear when the money gratification was given as an
interest free loan or a very low interest loan, where the value of that loan
gratification has to be ascertained. However, Menon CJ also recognised that
the line between money gratification given as an outright gift and money
gratification given as a loan was not always clear (Marzuki at [70]). As such,
it was necessary to have regard to the purpose underlying s 13 to derive an
answer to this question (Marzuki at [71]). This purpose was primarily to
ensure that the recipient of the gratification concerned would not be in a
position to retain the benefit of the gratification.

336 Returning to the facts of the present appeals, the sums received by the
appellants are outright gifts of money which they were not expected or obliged
to return. In such a situation (Marzuki at [72]):

Section 13(1) provides that where the gratification takes the form of money
gratification, the penalty sum imposed is to be ‘a sum which is equal to the
amount of [the] gratification’. In my judgment, where such gratification is
paid to the recipient in circumstances where he is not expected to and in fact
does not return it, ‘the amount of [the] gratification’ will be the sum of
money received. …

I respectfully agree, and would also add that the same would apply where the
recipient is not expected to return the money received to the principal or the
victim, but does so anyway voluntarily out of a sense of guilt, in which case
the sentence of fine and/or imprisonment may be adjusted downwards due to the
mitigatory effect of that remorse shown during the second stage of sentencing
when the offender-specific factors are considered. But that remorse shown has
no effect on the amount of the penalty to be imposed because in my view, the
legislative language and Parliamentary intent are sufficiently clear that if
the gratification is money received, then the court has no discretion except
to make a penalty order equivalent to the amount of the gratification, ie, the
sum of money received.

337 As such, the appropriate penalty order for each appellant is half the
total gratification sum of $$2,009,433. The sum of $1,004,716.50 was an
outright gift of money, and s 13(1) of the PCA requires that a value equal to
the sum of money is imposed as a penalty.

338 Part of the penalty will be paid out of the amounts that have been seized
and/or frozen by CPIB, and this will include the frozen bank account moneys.
As such, deducting the bank account moneys from the penalty order at this
point will mean that they will be double counted.

339 I also agree with the DJ that the two remaining sums are rightly
characterised as expenditure which the appellants had benefitted from. The
payment of US$240,000 to Koh was not a repayment or return of bribe moneys to
Koh, but rather a means of facilitating the continuation of a corrupt
arrangement when Chia Lee faced cashflow problems. Further, the $200,000 was
paid to settle a judgment sum that would otherwise have been enforced against
the appellants by other means. There is no remorse involved and hence no
mitigatory effect is to be considered in so far as these two sums are
concerned.

340 The appropriate penalty for each appellant under s 13(1) of the PCA is
therefore $1,004,716.50. I do not think that an in-default imprisonment term
of six months’ imprisonment for this sum imposed by the DJ will be sufficient
to deter the appellants from evading payment of this large sum. I have added
the fine of $200,944 to the penalty sum of $1,004,716.50 and imposed a higher
imprisonment term of 12 months in default of payment of the aggregate sum of
$1,205,660.50.

341 Accordingly, the total sentence for each appellant is 43 months’ and 3
weeks’ imprisonment, a fine of $200,944 and a penalty of $1,004,716.50 (and in
default of paying the fine and penalty totalling $1,205,660.50, 12 months’
imprisonment) for each appellant.

Issue 6: Retroactivity

342 I arrive finally at the last issue. Given the fact that the appellants are
being sentenced under a new sentencing framework, the question arises as to
whether this is a case suitable for prospective overruling.

343 In Adri Anton Kalangie v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 557 at [70], the
court clarified the principles relevant in determining the applicability of
the doctrine of prospective overruling:

(a) The appellate courts (namely, the Court of Appeal and the High Court
sitting in an appellate capacity) have the discretion to invoke the doctrine
of prospective overruling in exceptional cases.

(b) In determining whether the doctrine should be invoked, the central inquiry
is whether a departure from the ordinary retroactivity of the judgment is
necessary to avoid serious and demonstrable injustice to the parties at hand
or to the administration of justice. In this regard, the following four
factors identified in Hue An Li are relevant:

(i) the extent to which the pre-existing legal principle or position was
entrenched;

(ii) the extent of the change to the legal principle;

(iii) the extent to which the change in the legal principle was foreseeable;
and

(iv) the extent of reliance on the legal principle.

No one factor is preponderant over any other, and no one factor is necessary
before the doctrine can be invoked in a particular case.

(c) The onus of establishing that there are grounds to exercise such
discretion and limit the retroactive effect of a judgment is ordinarily on
whoever seeks the court’s exercise of that discretion.

(d) If the doctrine of prospective overruling is invoked, this should be
explicitly stated and the precise effect of the doctrine should, if
appropriate, be explained. As a general rule, judicial pronouncements are
presumed to be retroactive in effect until and unless expressly stated or
plainly indicated otherwise.

344 Having regard to these principles, I do not think this is an “exceptional
case” that warrants the invocation of the doctrine of prospective overruling.
I arrive at this view primarily because both the Modified Framework and the
content of the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix and Contour Matrix are based
on existing sentencing practice. The operation of the framework also adheres
to the principles laid down in precedent cases. There is no “manifestly
excessive departure from the sentencing precedents in previously decided
cases” or any “drastic inconsistency in sentencing”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Masui’s Subs 3 at paras 85 – 86.

Conclusion

345 In conclusion, I allow the appellants’ appeals against sentence. The
manifestly excessive threshold has been crossed. The sentence including the
fine for each of the 28 charges is set out in the table above at [303]. I
adopt the approach of the DJ and I order that the sentences for the charges
C2, C6, C25 and C27 are to run consecutively and the sentences for the
remaining 24 charges are to run concurrently. The appellants are each
sentenced to an aggregate sentence of 43 months’ and 3 weeks’ imprisonment, a
total fine of $200,944 and a penalty of $1,004,716.50 (and in default of
paying the fine and penalty of a total of $1,205,660.50, to serve 12 months’
imprisonment).

346 I would also like to record my thanks to the learned Deputy Public
Prosecutors, Ms Jasmine Kaur, Ms Loh Hui-min and Mr Lee Jing Yan, for their
assistance in respect of these appeals. At the court’s request, they had
undertaken additional and very tedious work in preparing the Table of Evidence
and two Tables of Profits. This required them to trace the invoices from the
Singapore Company and from Chia Lee, map out the relevant payments to the bank
from the bank records and compile all the relevant testimonies of Koh and the
appellants, in order to verify the accuracy of the amount of bribes received
by the appellants.

347 I end off with a final reminder that sentencing is a fluid and difficult
evaluative exercise with very real consequences for the offenders at hand.
Sentencing guidelines and frameworks are not to be applied mechanistically and
indiscriminately, but flexibly and discerningly. Careful consideration of
where justice may lie in each case is of primary importance.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Nicolas Tang and Charlotte Wong (Farallon Law Corporation) for the first
appellant;

Sunil Sudheesan and Diana Ngiam (Quahe Woo and Palmer LLC) for the second
appellant;

Jasmin Kaur, Loh Hui-min and Lee Jing Yan (Attorney General’s Chambers) for
the Prosecution.

  
  

Annex A: The derivation and calibration of the content of the framework

A.1 The content of a sentencing guideline or sentencing framework is its most
important part. In the present appeals, the importance of a framework’s
content is thrown into sharp relief because the Prosecution and Ishibe have
both proposed their own harm-culpability matrices. For ease of reference, I
reproduce their respective matrices.

A.2 The Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix:

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

A.3 Ishibe’s harm-culpability matrix

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

A.4 It can be observed that both matrices begin with a fine (at slight harm,
low culpability), and end at a maximum of 5 years’ imprisonment (at severe
harm, high culpability). The main difference is in how the possible indicative
sentences for fines and custodial terms have been spread out across the nine
boxes. Subject to my earlier observations about the general problems with the
Prosecution’s matrix (which are also applicable to Ishibe’s matrix), the
indicative sentences in both matrices appear to be spread out consistently and
evenly if one moves only in a vertical or horizontal fashion across the
framework.

A.5 From his submissions, I am unable to glean how Ishibe derived the
indicative sentencing ranges that are used to fill in the content of his
matrix. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Ishibe Subs 1 at paras 136 to 138; Ishibe’s Executive Summary at para 12.

The same applies for the Prosecution’s matrix. I do note, however, that after
the Prosecution sets down the values in the framework, it provides
illustrations of the various cases that fell within each box of the matrix.
146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DPP Subs 3 at paras 73 – 86.

A.6 I will explain how I have derived and finalised the values in the Modified
Harm-Culpability Matrix in the following order:

(a) First, the general considerations and guidance in the case law as to the
contents of the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix.

(b) Second, an approximation of the appropriate indicative sentences in the
framework based on the above principles. This will generate a “Preliminary
Harm-Culpability Matrix”.

(c) Third, backtesting the indicative sentences as laid out in the preliminary
harm-culpability matrix by reference to past case precedents as a form of
validation of the values chosen for the matrix.

(d) Fourth, further elaboration on the finalised matrix, ie, the Modified
Harm-Culpability Matrix.

A.7 I should state at the outset that the Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix
is eventually adopted as the finalised matrix. To avoid confusion, I will
continue using the term “Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix” until I have
shown that backtesting is successful.

General principles and trends in cases involving purely private sector
corruption

A.8 First, when filling in the content of the Modified Framework and harm-
culpability matrix, I have considered the following:

(a) The legislatively prescribed sentencing range for ss 6(a) and 6(b) is a
fine not exceeding $100,000 and/or an imprisonment term not exceeding 5 years.

(b) In cases of private sector corruption generally (and not just purely
private sector corruption), the general trend is that where private sector
agents are concerned, offences which register a lower level of culpability may
be dealt with through the imposition of fines (see above at [79(c)]). Such
cases are “generally those where the amount of gratification is below $30,000
and where there is no real detriment to the interests of the principal”
[emphasis in original] (Romel ([65] supra) at [20] citing Practitioners’
Library: Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts vol 2 (LexisNexis, 3rd
Ed, 2013) at p 1375). That said, there is no rule that cases involving bribes
of less than $30,000 should only attract a fine (Heng Tze Yong ([79(c)] supra)
at [24]).

(c) The guidance of our courts.

A.9 Focussing on [A.8(c)] above, I provide a brief summary of the guidance
provided by our courts in cases of private sector corruption with a particular
focus on purely private sector corruption. This guidance largely relates to
the question of when the custodial threshold is crossed in the light of
[A.8(b)] above.

A.10 In 2015, Menon CJ summarised the prevailing case law on private sector
corruption generally and stated that the factual patterns that emerge from it
can be fitted into the three broad and non-exhaustive Romel categories (Romel
at [26]–[31]). These can be applied to purely private sector corruption.

(a) Romel category 1 comprises cases where the receiving party is paid to
confer on the paying party a benefit that is within the receiving party’s
power to confer, without regard to whether the paying party ought properly to
have received that benefit. This is typically done at the payer’s behest. An
example of this can be seen in Ang Seng Thor ([79(b) supra), where the
receiving parties were paid to purchase the goods of the paying party. The
custodial threshold may be crossed, depending on the facts of the case (at
[26]–[27]).

(b) Romel category 2 comprises cases where the receiving party is paid to
forbear from performing what he is duty bound to do, thereby conferring a
benefit on the paying party. Such benefit typically takes the form of avoiding
prejudice which would be occasioned to the paying party if the receiving party
discharged his duty as he ought to have. This is also typically done at the
payer’s behest. An example of this is Lim Teck Chye ([79(b)] supra), where the
receiving party, who is under a duty to inspect the paying party’s goods or
work, slackens in his inspections or turns a blind eye to any deficiencies in
the paying party’s goods or work. The custodial threshold is frequently
crossed in such cases (at [26] and [28]).

(c) Romel category 3 comprises cases where a receiving party is paid so that
he will forbear from inflicting harm on the paying party even though there may
be no lawful basis for the infliction of such harm. This is typically done at
the receiving party’s behest. Category 3 is characterised by the heightened
culpability of the receiving party who (a) seeks out payment from the paying
party; and (b) threatens the paying party to inflict harm on the paying party
when there is no lawful basis for doing so, if the bribe is not paid. The
paying party will generally be faced with the deprivation of his legitimate
rights unless the bribe is paid. The present appeals fall within Romel
category 3. A custodial term will generally be the norm for such cases (at
[26], [29]–[30]).

A.11 By way of observation, the guidance laid down in Romel has, at times,
been interpreted as revising the sentencing trend for private sector
corruption upwards (see, for example, Public Prosecutor v Geow Chwee Hiam
[2016] SGDC 139 at [55]; Public Prosecutor v Toh Hong Huat [2016] SGDC 198 at
[93]). The better view is that Romel should be considered a summary and
endorsement of the prevailing fact patterns in the existing case law on
private sector corruption in 2015 – as was expressly stated by Menon CJ in
Romel at [26].

A.12 In any event, it is clear that the Romel categories have been repeatedly
cited and endorsed in subsequent cases, including, Michael Tan ([10] supra) at
[100]–[101], and Heng Tze Yong ([79(c)] supra) at [19]–[20].

A.13 With this in mind, I turn to explain how I have arrived at the
preliminary contents in the Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix.

The Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix

A.14 The Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix applies to offenders who claim
trial and gives equal weight to the two key continuous and independent
variables of harm and culpability.

* * *

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEAkACQAAD/2wBDAAMCAgMCAgMDAwMEAwMEBQgFBQQEBQoHBwYIDAoMDAsKCwsNDhIQDQ4RDgsLEBYQERMUFRUVDA8XGBYUGBIUFRT/2wBDAQMEBAUEBQkFBQkUDQsNFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBT/wAARCAKRAuUDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHwAAAQUBAQEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtRAAAgEDAwIEAwUFBAQAAAF9AQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGE1FhByJxFDKBkaEII0KxwRVS0fAkM2JyggkKFhcYGRolJicoKSo0NTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqDhIWGh4iJipKTlJWWl5iZmqKjpKWmp6ipqrKztLW2t7i5usLDxMXGx8jJytLT1NXW19jZ2uHi4+Tl5ufo6erx8vP09fb3+Pn6/8QAHwEAAwEBAQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtREAAgECBAQDBAcFBAQAAQJ3AAECAxEEBSExBhJBUQdhcRMiMoEIFEKRobHBCSMzUvAVYnLRChYkNOEl8RcYGRomJygpKjU2Nzg5OkNERUZHSElKU1RVVldYWVpjZGVmZ2hpanN0dXZ3eHl6goOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4uPk5ebn6Onq8vP09fb3+Pn6/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD7y+KHxl8U+FPiJY+EvC3hLR/EFxNpTarNc6xr8umpGom8oIojs7gsc85O38axf+FxfF//AKJt4J/8Lq8/+U9QfEL/AJOatP8AsUD/AOltblAGV/wuL4v/APRNvBP/AIXV5/8AKej/AIXF8X/+ibeCf/C6vP8A5T1q0UAZX/C4vi//ANE28E/+F1ef/Kej/hcXxf8A+ibeCf8Awurz/wCU9atFAGV/wuL4v/8ARNvBP/hdXn/yno/4XF8X/wDom3gn/wALq8/+U9atFAGV/wALi+L/AP0TbwT/AOF1ef8Ayno/4XF8X/8Aom3gn/wurz/5T1q0UAZX/C4vi/8A9E28E/8AhdXn/wAp6P8AhcXxf/6Jt4J/8Lq8/wDlPWrRQBlf8Li+L/8A0TbwT/4XV5/8p6P+FxfF/wD6Jt4J/wDC6vP/AJT1q0UAZX/C4vi//wBE28E/+F1ef/Kej/hcXxf/AOibeCf/AAurz/5T1q0UAZX/AAuL4v8A/RNvBP8A4XV5/wDKej/hcXxf/wCibeCf/C6vP/lPWrRQBlf8Li+L/wD0TbwT/wCF1ef/ACno/wCFxfF//om3gn/wurz/AOU9atFAGV/wuL4v/wDRNvBP/hdXn/yno/4XF8X/APom3gn/AMLq8/8AlPWrRQBx3ir9pL4peEV0k3nwy8IS/wBpahDpsPkeOLo7ZJM7S2dJGF+U5Iyfatf/AIXX8XP+ia+Cv/C5vP8A5UVx3xw/1fgT/sa7D/2pXfV42OxVShNRh2PbwGEpYiDlPuUv+F1/Fz/omvgr/wALm8/+VFH/AAuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef8Ayoq7RXnf2jX7r7j0/wCzcP2f3lL/AIXX8XP+ia+Cv/C5vP8A5UUf8Lr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/yoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/hdfxc/6Jr4K/8AC5vP/lRR/wALr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/AMqKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/wCF1/Fz/omvgr/wubz/AOVFH/C6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/8qKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/4XX8XP+ia+Cv/AAubz/5UUf8AC6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/wDKirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv8Ahdfxc/6Jr4K/8Lm8/wDlRR/wuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef/KirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv+F1/Fz/omvgr/wALm8/+VFH/AAuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef8Ayoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/AIXX8XP+ia+Cv/C5vP8A5UUf8Lr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/yoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/hdfxc/6Jr4K/8AC5vP/lRR/wALr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/AMqKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/wCF1/Fz/omvgr/wubz/AOVFH/C6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/8qKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/4XX8XP+ia+Cv/AAubz/5UUf8AC6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/wDKirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv8Ahdfxc/6Jr4K/8Lm8/wDlRR/wuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef/KirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv+F1/Fz/omvgr/wALm8/+VFH/AAuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef8Ayoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/AIXX8XP+ia+Cv/C5vP8A5UUf8Lr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/yoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/hdfxc/6Jr4K/8AC5vP/lRR/wALr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/AMqKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/wCF1/Fz/omvgr/wubz/AOVFH/C6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/8qKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/4XX8XP+ia+Cv/AAubz/5UUf8AC6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/wDKirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv8Ahdfxc/6Jr4K/8Lm8/wDlRR/wuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef/KirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv+F1/Fz/omvgr/wALm8/+VFH/AAuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef8Ayoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/AIXX8XP+ia+Cv/C5vP8A5UUf8Lr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/yoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/hdfxc/6Jr4K/8AC5vP/lRR/wALr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/AMqKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/wCF1/Fz/omvgr/wubz/AOVFH/C6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/8qKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/4XX8XP+ia+Cv/AAubz/5UUf8AC6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/wDKirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv8Ahdfxc/6Jr4K/8Lm8/wDlRR/wuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef/KirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv+F1/Fz/omvgr/wALm8/+VFH/AAuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef8Ayoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/AIXX8XP+ia+Cv/C5vP8A5UUf8Lr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/yoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/hdfxc/6Jr4K/8AC5vP/lRR/wALr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/AMqKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/wCF1/Fz/omvgr/wubz/AOVFH/C6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/8qKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/4XX8XP+ia+Cv/AAubz/5UUf8AC6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/wDKirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv8Ahdfxc/6Jr4K/8Lm8/wDlRR/wuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef/KirtFH9o1+6+4P7Nw/Z/eUv+F1/Fz/omvgr/wALm8/+VFH/AAuv4uf9E18Ff+Fzef8Ayoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/AIXX8XP+ia+Cv/C5vP8A5UUf8Lr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/yoq7RR/aNfuvuD+zcP2f3lL/hdfxc/6Jr4K/8AC5vP/lRR/wALr+Ln/RNfBX/hc3n/AMqKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n95S/wCF1/Fz/omvgr/wubz/AOVFH/C6/i5/0TXwV/4XN5/8qKu0Uf2jX7r7g/s3D9n956B8HfiBN8U/hroXim401NHuNRiZ5LGO5NwsLLIyECQohcZXrsXr0orlv2Tf+Te/CH/XOf8A9KZaK+pjqkz5KWjaOZ+IX/JzVp/2KB/9La3Kw/iF/wAnNWn/AGKB/wDS2tymIKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPNPjh/q/An/Y12H/tSu+rgfjh/q/An/Y12H/tSu+r5vNP4kfQ+oyr+FL1CiiivGPbCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAorP1rxFpXhq0F1q+p2elWxbaJr24SFM+m5iBmq//CZaB9qsbX+3NN+0367rSH7XHvuB6xrnLj6ZqeZbXN44etOPPGDa11s+m/3dTYoooqjAKKqapq9jodjJeale2+n2cf37i6lWKNfqzEAUjazp8elnUmvrZdO2eb9sMyiHZ/e35xj3zSujRU5tKSi7N2+fb1LlFV9O1K01ixhvLC6hvbOZd0VxbyCSNx6qwOCPpVigiUXFuMlZoKKKKYjX/ZN/5N78If8AXOf/ANKZaKP2Tf8Ak3vwh/1zn/8ASmWivu4/Cj8+l8TOZ+IX/JzVp/2KB/8AS2tysP4hf8nNWn/YoH/0trcqiQooooA8e+PXgA6h4c8T+J38R+I7Kax0iU2Vro+uXunQwyKpbzGW3mQSNnH3gRjisX4a6bp3w1+HuifEPVfFniOS1k0aFtQtdW1q91OOeVwpV40nmfY5Y4wgGc44r0n4w6H4g8T/AA41zRvDNvptxqmo272i/wBrXcltAiupVnLRxSsSM8Lt59RXEXHwd8Q+MP2d7XwLr0um6Jr9nBDHb3WmXMl7biSAqYpGLxRMQSvK7eOzGgC1c/tJWGnzahZX/g3xVp+uW1i2pwaPcQ2guL61X78sBFyY22jkqXVx/dp+n/tI6TqF98P4B4a16CDxqhbTryVrHyomClikuLksGAGcIr9cDJyAeHfh14s8QfEDRvFnjpdEtbrRdPmsLe20W5luUuWlAEksjSRR7AQOIwGxn7xrhJf2W/EK+B9U0q21yxh1XTdUN54Su8ybbCLzfMCy8ZzlnHy54wM0Ad5qn7RVnp0gto/BvifUNRc3DRWNmlk8ksEP+suFY3Ij2egLBz2WqD/tZeFZrrQLTTNE8T63ea5pcmrWVvYaXlpIo/voC7KpkByNqk8j6VB4/wDgz4o8QXHhvT7KbSdQ8J2+nS2uo6Nf3dxbRPcvyLnZGjCcAk/upCBznOa4/wCFv7PXxB8C+OPhje3i+FpNF8JaVd6VKbO/uFmkWZywdIzbbflGPlLj60AR/tOfFDSfHnwf8T2dho3iSWLT/IaTVoP9HtbS73ofIlxKruwDYZQjoDwxFer6P8ZNMtbq20RdJ1a5W0S1tLjUreGNraKeRAVjYeZ5g453bNg/vV514i+AfxAHg/4geCdDvvDknh3xJeSahaX+oyzpdWkkkiu8bxJGVdcrw4dSP7ppdW/Zx8U6l420bxEk+hafrlrNB5viTSbi5sroW8YAaB4FUpdK2CP3jgr6tQB1H7XVrN/wp291Kz1bWdGv7GeFobjRtWubB/nkVGDGGRd4wTw2QOowasJ8aNE8B65a/D6y0bxZ4h1yz0kX6oqPcNPEByftV3KvmNnuzn0z2rQ/aN8E+K/iN8O5vDvhS30aS5u5o2mm1m/ltUiVHVwVEcEpckrjB2465PSuS/4Vt8S7j4wWXjWbS/CkcMXh1tIezj125ZvOJzuDGyGUzjnGfagDA+M3xoPjbw78MG0LwvrOv+GvFGrxx3ton2SJp0XeGs5FmuE+Ykcg/uyBy/apPB3xA+EXwLj+Il1oPgzxB4al0RIbjW7OOzlkxuHyLFH5jIFHTKbYx2bFZum/A/4uaT4V+Helxab4Kmm8K6y+rSu/iC8VbjLORGv+gHbw/LHPTpU/jX4D/E7xRffFuaG08JQJ4006Cxtg+tXRNsUGCz4suR1xigD06x/aE0LVtQGm3mgeItNW70dtYtJLqzRhe220F/LSKR5NwB+6yqfTI5ry7T/2grfQl+FGk/DbwRrk/hTxBLcMsXmWqzlULFogtzcAg7ssSzDjgc8VuyfCv4n/APCWeDdVTTPCLQ6N4ZfRLhG166DPK8YUun+gn5RtHXBOT0xzk+B/2dfHvhvRPhc1xJ4cGseEb66edI7+4kt5oJgfmVjbq29c/dIAP94UAehaR+0np2q+HfGGqv4R8SafL4XuhZ3mm3gsUupJTjCxqLoqc5GCzKDnjNeq6TfSalpttdS2Vxp0k0YdrS72ebFkZ2vsZlyPZiPevnR9F8P/ABK/aStr/wAKeKLLVbC3tVl8U2mlTJNA9xA5FuHZWIVw2QUJzgc9K+laACiiigDzT44f6vwJ/wBjXYf+1K76uB+OH+r8Cf8AY12H/tSu+r5vNP4kfQ+oyr+FL1CiiivGPbCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDkPi5ay3vw51yKGN5ZPJDbY1LNhXVjgDrwDWFdeMrDxJHZTeF9Zsb+6sLC4mkmtyLlLcmLC+YFIwcj7pIPtXplVNW0/8AtbTLqyM8tsLiNojNDt3qCMEjcCM/UGspRbd0ezhcbTpU40qkb2bad9PeSi7qzvou6+Z5d8I/Gmq+JNVgSXxHH4lgk09Z70RwwxrY3G7HljYARkc7XJYdc4rnrbxPN4d8Q+IbS48Y3NlDLrbR3V3MbXdYRbQUc7otqKx+Xc4K8cc17T4Z0FPDGhWelx3VxeRWqeWk11s8wgdM7FUfkK1KzVOXKrvX+vM9OebYaGJrShQTpy0S91bO6fwW+XKul76385t/EbXHwp1O91/ULd4Nk0SahPshjuYuQkh6L8w9MA9hXll/qUVj8M9V8LXF7D/Y1nAt7bX8kymKa3cAxxK+dpO/Ix14FfTNFOVJy69CcJnVPCyk1RunNTSTsk1tb3d0rrtrtofPeqfFx9P1vQILDxbbWuk+XZRTRyS2iR+W8eGkQsrPLgj7wKIuMfP0rc+Gfj65vvGraXq3jNtUjkSSTSx5doiajFuxvIRA6MuCNvG7ryK9oopKnJO/N/X3lVs4wdShKjHCJNq3NeN7978l799dV52kiiiiuk+TNf8AZN/5N78If9c5/wD0ploo/ZN/5N78If8AXOf/ANKZaK+7j8KPz6XxM5n4hf8AJzVp/wBigf8A0trcrD+IX/JzVp/2KB/9La3KokKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDwr4U+A7Cw1D4q6KmoXmn6fLrInlmsXjsZFVo9zBXgRPLH+0uG77s81ueE9U1rwD8G9e1R5JvEqaY13daV/a19IJp7NPmjWW4ZZHLYDfOwYnjPrW5N8DvCc8PiKNo9YC+IJBLqOzxBqCmVh02kTgxjthNoxxVyx+EfhrT/B+o+GI4dRl0nUUMd19q1i8nuZEIxt+0ySmYDHAAcYHAxQB5dZ/tM+JLh4BN8P7ewjc2Rkln10N5a3cReHASBtzZHzDgAHIZj8ted+C/jt49sdci8Va1pEWpJceHhcXtnb6/KLKFFvzCJ0iaHCy7fl2onzYyzjNe5r+zJ8P1lWT7HrZKm3IVvE2qFf3HEPym5x8o4HHTjpVdv2Vfhwwu1/s7WUjuoTbyRR+JtUWMRGTzPLVBc4RN/zbVAGecUAcP44+Llz4t8YaNoVzoP8AZUemeJrCeGWa8xPcR7nAYwSIjKp6h1LxnpvzxUMP7VmtXmrJp1n4IsdQnl1OHT4ja68zRuJdwRxK1qI3IK/MI3dRzh2I21L8YvCXw4+FupeDZ5L+DSry78QWSvHrGuzSDyAX3skc8zBBkjcygZJ5Jrrof2ZPh1Pd2epw2+tPJC63FtLH4q1QohGSjIBc7QBuO3AwM8YrwcwdNVFzq+n9dT6DLlUdN+zdtf66M4Hx58cNY8bfDWVtH0WbT72GKK51G4s9bkgaxYXQj2xMsaNODg5DeWCp6E8V0H7QsVwNU8ET29n4s1l5TcRy6V4X8QT6ZLcqsW8Z2XMCnB75LdgD0roZP2XfhxLp6WR0jUBAoZTt17UFeRWk8wpI4n3SKH+YKxIU8gCut1n4Z6Fr+r6Fqd6uoteaGMWLQ6tdwqnGCXRJQspI4JkDE968v2lOLXL5/wBbnr+zqST532/rY8X17wWsPibRrE6z4ztIJPDFzdPazeLNSWWOUDcodknBZ0JxuOScck1Fot3qF1d+E/BXi/WNck1aGWG5sdUtdWurE6rZSJz5jQSp5kiHhg2T0YetexeKPg/4a8YeIP7a1NNVOo/ZWsxJaa5fWqCFvvKI4ZlQZ7nGfersPw28Pw6Xo9gbW4nj0cEWE91fTzXMGV2kid3MmcHGS2enoKPaqyD2Lu7Hiv7P+l3V5q1rcXNh4/UwS3WNb1XxVcXmnXYWRlVBbvdy9u7xxnjjNfSNed+G/gF4O8KX1nc2EWtv9jm+0QW994k1K8to5ck7xBNcPHuySc7cjNeiVjVkpyujWlBwjZ/1+QUUUVkbhRRRQAUUUUANkjEsbIxYBgQdrFTz6Ecj6ivmrxt4N8MaHY+PZ/D13Z+GdJ1KyjsZoY/lh1C+EykyMAQXJBETvkkhjya+lJoUuInilRZI3UqyOMhgeCCO4rktH+DngHw7/aH9leB/Demf2hGYbz7HpFvF9pjJyUk2oN657HIrWnNQ3MakHPQ8y+F+qXXg34F+MJtJ0618Oa3o015K+hSx+fY6bOihjBEI3XfDxkbWX73QdKxrX44fErdA18nhWCHOmmX7NaXMj4vIS6ou6ZQChwS5zuHy7V+9XvFr8P8AwvY+F5PDVt4b0i38OSKUfR4rGJbRlJyQYQuwg/SsNfgL8M45hKvw68JrKpQiQaHahgUOUOdn8J5Hp2rVVIXbkjL2c7JRex8teCfGXjnw/qieNJb3QdW1h/DAm1G9uNOlSSeBdSMapgTEs+CQHLAKAPkavofwD8Utd17xt4i0/WItLtNNt4GudPWJX8x41bBLTK8kTgd8bHU9YwOTty/AH4YTTXUsnw48IyS3RJuJG0K1LTEnJLny/m555rivEnxg+AXwC8YPpeoX/hnwl4iv40inSz04LK0Y+4szwxnao7eYQKuUo1tIxu/QzjGVHWUrL1OMt/2g/iTfa5aafaQ+HXW+1W3tbW5utJureKSCbeAy5uTIdpXO54493QIoIas3x58Vtb+J3wzurC8Tw6kllbRXepLcWz5ncXgiV7ZTKfKxtzlvM5OOOte46f8AA74SaxHBq9l8PvBd4tx/pEV9Dolo/mbud4cJznOc55rQk+B/w4msbeyk+H/hd7O2d3gt20a2McTOcuyrswpY9SOvej2lNNNR2H7Kq005bnmv7Rngu38Ua38Pni8FeGfGerBrmOG08ShVgdfJ3bS5hlOM8hduCe461heJ/gz4Kt/GGi2V14F8Ow7fCl2ZLMafFLFE4GSqblPyq2cenavfdS+HnhXWdQ0u+1Dwzo99e6UoXT7m5sIpJLMDoImZSYx/u4qvr/wr8F+K9VOp634Q0HWNSMXkG81DTIJ5jH/c3upO32ziojW5UkXKjzNu2/8AXY8C0zwnY6bqHgXwR4s0O18RaSZYrvw7qOqWyXRWJo8y2pLqcMmePVT7YqT9nr4e6RoN9p2rTfD/AME6BZrd3MNj4isZEj1KaUysEiZfIj25AICh5M47V9E2fgzw/pui22j2mhaba6TaqVgsIbONIIgQQQkYG1RgnoO9Yfh/4J/Dvwnq0eqaH4C8MaNqcWfLvdP0a2gmTPXDogYfnTdZNNCVBqSZ2lFFFch2BRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHmnjPx3qlj8QvDOmabLHb6Q120WpTyIG8wlCwjUn7u3GSw+nFP8ABHjTWPEnxK8Q2lyyxaHFaQy2FsYgHwSQZGbr82Mhew9c5qbxP+z/APD7xd4os/EWpeEtGm1mCfz3vDptu0ty23GJXaMs4x71N4R+BngbwF4uvPEfh3wzpeiahdQCB/7PsILdFUHJI2ICCe/PNb3p8vnY5+WpzX6XOSm/ak0mK8vLQeDfF0txb3V1ZBY7S2KyzW67pFR/tGzGz5txIUdCQ3y1xPiH9pjXtT8XWSaPomt2OiWms6bAWtorOdtUhuYWcxFC7urZAwV2AYO5gK7qX9me1e8kuI/HfiqAveXl8Y0GnFd9yuyUc2ZO0rgDnIx1qra/sq6dYXenXFp458WWz2clrcYX+zmE01ujJFK+6zPIViMLtU+lbRdFf0zGSrv+kbnh/wDaH0LxJrPh/S7PSNZa81eIyGPy4Hayw7IfPVJWYAMpy6B0HGWGab8QP2iNH+HXiaXRdQ0HW7iZbWS5hmg+yIlzsTe6xLLOkjkAHLBNgPG7NVtA/Zu07Q5ND3+LfEmqW+kXrX8FrfNZGMyliwPyWysmCx5jKMQcEkVH46/Zn0vxx4g1TVj4r8RaLJqRBuIdNSwKk7DGTumtZJPukjBcgdgKj9zzeRf77l8ybTf2jNH1/TZza6D4kg1GT7Otppz21ul5crPHvjkjRpdqgLknzSuMdDkZ58eOPEuqfsuyeJx4h1TTdehR5TqENlbNdELOU2tCYHjJ28ELHnI4rWtf2Y7C1vRfJ428V/2hHHapa3YexV7b7OmyMqFtQrZT5SJA6nrjPNbkfwPtofhW/gSLxTr8dk8jOdSzaNeYL7ymWtzHjd/sZ96L0la3dCtVd+bszzWbxF4lu/AMOtaN8S/GLpJrUFgza1oOn2dyvIWRfLexQhDnILRhvfFWpPHHizwvdeI9A13xbfPaXtzPbaB4l+y2a3UNxGATbyAW4gJYcoTHzgjk816n40+F48beGtK0efxNrWnrYTRT/bLJbTzrho/u+Z5lu6defkVaqL8F7C98O69omu61qviax1e5+1uNSW1RreTg7omggjwcgHJ3EfSn7SFtV+H/AAA9nO+jf3/8E8kuPFXiKx8fTaLf/Ezxyga2sZbX+z/Dlhc2/mSrlhPMunlI1z/ekQ4PBr6ahV44Y1kfzZFUBnxjcccnHavMbj4HXP8AwkGoarYfEXxbo5voooJbWyXTfLEca7VVWezaReM/MH3c5z0r0uzthZ2cFuJJJREixiSZy7tgYyzHkk9z3rKpKMrcv9fgaUoyjfm/r8SaiiisToCiiigAooooA8x+N/xef4Y2OnW1jCkmrak7COaa0uLqC0iQbpJ5IrdWkdVH8K4z3ZQM1jQfGDXJtWgvLe40bUfClrPa2N3cw2sqTXUky7vPhPmsI0XI/dsHLZ++uK6/4ifD3UPFt1YX+i61DoeqW0cts8tzY/bIpYJV2uhj8yMhh1Vt2AeoYcVztj8Bf7L1ayjtNcEfhlHt7m70prPMlxcQrhXEwcBEbOWTyzkgYZa6Yuny67nLJVObTY3PGHx28EeANfk0bxBrEmm6hHbrdsslhcsghZtvmeYsZTaDgM2cLkbsZrhvH37VGi6bYpb+GEvr3VLu3vmt7m60K+a3glto95EybEba397cowQ2cc1rfFD4I+IPHnibVtT07xVpukQX+lR6X9nutFkumQJMJt+9bqMElgBjb0/OuZ1b9mXxXql1f33/AAnWjxahdy3ZL/8ACNymJY7mAQyLs+3ZLDGVbdgdCDVQVHRyev8AXkTOVe7UVp/Xmdj4b/aQ8G6n4Kg1u81V0aOG3+2i3027ZUkkiD7kURkvF9794u5ABy1dP4n+LXhfwhZaVd6lfT+RqaiS1azsLi7LRkA+YwhjcomCMu4CjPJrymb9mfxLdx3YufGWgzmW0s7aIv4YkzC1tH5aSq323er45DRsjA8g44rpvit8DdV+JHh/Q9KXxTbpHYQeVcLrGnS30N04UBZjGtzEPMBGQzl8Z9eaTjR5lrp/XkNSrcrutf68za0P9oTwD4i1SbTrLXJDdQmdZfP0+5gSNoV3SKzyRqqkL8wBOWHIyOarfDf4qTfEjxN4xstPubaTTtOFubCaTTbi2lXzIy371JWDOAcEEBAwPHrXA2v7LfiR7W1tNR8d6XPax315ey/Y/DskMjNcRqjBGa8cLt2qRlW75Br0D4c/DPxN4N1jXdT1bxVp2t3Go2tvbxeRor2qwtChRHYfaX35HLAbcnoVHFElSSfK/wCvuCMqza5lb+vU8/8Ah/8AGLxp42g1dbfxz8P7/VtMt7mW80az0S5+0Wflsyo0hF+/Ur9whDzwasaH8bPGuiz+GtQ8WPoN74a1WwSe8vNM06a0fTJHk8tHfzLmUPEWwDgKVyOTXdeD/hdrPhn4f6hodxrek3uszxzxQatHozxLGkrFtrRG5ZnALHgSL2rP8HfB3XtGWysde8QaHr+hR6S2k3NjHoMtu9whYtne13IF68jYfqKpyp6/1+hKjU07/wBeZxvi74veNvCLaXLq3jjwD4f0u81K6sm1LVdDnSGJY1DIctqSgsQcdRk9PSva/AOpahrHhSxvtS1DTNWnuF8xb7SLeSC2nQ/ddY5HdlyO25vrXmx+A/iHQ4PDlv4Y8XafawaLPcTRrrmiy6g0glG0ISl3D8qrhR9BXpvgvR9V0LRFtdZ1O11W98xn8yxsBZW8ak8JHFvcqo/2nY88ms6jg4rl/r8DSmpqT5v6/H9DdooornOkKKKKACiiigDX/ZN/5N78If8AXOf/ANKZaKP2Tf8Ak3vwh/1zn/8ASmWivu4/Cj8+l8TPOvjle+KbL9pLTG8LaNo+s3DeE2E0esatLp6Iv2zgq0dtOWOexC/WqX9vfF//AKEbwT/4Wd5/8qa6z4hf8nNWn/YoH/0trcqiTzf+3vi//wBCN4J/8LO8/wDlTR/b3xf/AOhG8E/+Fnef/KmvSKKAPN/7e+L/AP0I3gn/AMLO8/8AlTR/b3xf/wChG8E/+Fnef/KmvSKKAPN/7e+L/wD0I3gn/wALO8/+VNH9vfF//oRvBP8A4Wd5/wDKmvSKKAPN/wC3vi//ANCN4J/8LO8/+VNH9vfF/wD6EbwT/wCFnef/ACpr0iigDzf+3vi//wBCN4J/8LO8/wDlTR/b3xf/AOhG8E/+Fnef/KmvSKKAPN/7e+L/AP0I3gn/AMLO8/8AlTR/b3xf/wChG8E/+Fnef/KmvSKKAPN/7e+L/wD0I3gn/wALO8/+VNH9vfF//oRvBP8A4Wd5/wDKmvSKKAPN/wC3vi//ANCN4J/8LO8/+VNH9vfF/wD6EbwT/wCFnef/ACpr0iigDzf+3vi//wBCN4J/8LO8/wDlTR/b3xf/AOhG8E/+Fnef/KmvSKKAPN/7e+L/AP0I3gn/AMLO8/8AlTR/b3xf/wChG8E/+Fnef/KmvSKKAPwG/aM8Y+JfG/xm8Vah4rLJq4vpIXg8xnSEKxUIhIX5QBx8oz1wK+7v+CdfxT+IEvwT1bTLXSdP12z0u9WLTm1bVpbPCsMum5bab5V7e5xgda9H/bA/Y9+HPjzxBoXiy5srzTtb1bW7XT7+bT7gRrcpJuyzKysN+FHzDHvmvVfh/wDD/Qfhf4WtPD3huwXTtKtR8kSksSx6sxPJY9ya78Nl9PGp+2V4r8zixGYVME17F2k/yNOPx/4+N1aq/hDw4ts0QNxIviW4LxyYOVRfsADrnHzFlPJ44wa//CwviR9g3/8ACFeFvtvm48n/AISu58vy8fe3/wBm53Z427cY5z2rXoru/wBX8v8A5Pxf+Zyf6wZh/P8Agv8AIoSeP/HwurpU8IeHGtliJt5G8S3AeSTAwrr9gIRc5+YMx4HHOBGvxA+IeyyLeDfDId2IugPFFwREu4YMZ/s/94cZODs54yetadFP/V/L/wCT8X/mH+sGYfz/AIL/ACMxviB8Q9l6V8G+GS6MBag+KLgCVdxyZD/Z/wC7OMHA388ZHWpI/H/j43Vqr+EPDi2zRA3Ei+JbgvHJg5VF+wAOucfMWU8njjBv0Uf6v5f/ACfi/wDMP9YMw/n/AAX+Rkf8LC+JH2Df/wAIV4W+2+bjyf8AhK7ny/Lx97f/AGbndnjbtxjnParEnj/x8Lq6VPCHhxrZYibeRvEtwHkkwMK6/YCEXOfmDMeBxzgX6KX+r+X/AMn4v/MP9YMw/n/Bf5GYvxA+IeyyLeDfDId2IugPFFwREu4YMZ/s/wDeHGTg7OeMnrQ3xA+Iey9K+DfDJdGAtQfFFwBKu45Mh/s/92cYOBv54yOtadFH+r+X/wAn4v8AzD/WDMP5/wAF/kUI/H/j43Vqr+EPDi2zRA3Ei+JbgvHJg5VF+wAOucfMWU8njjBr/wDCwviR9g3/APCFeFvtvm48n/hK7ny/Lx97f/Zud2eNu3GOc9q16KP9X8v/AJPxf+Yf6wZh/P8Agv8AIoSeP/HwurpU8IeHGtliJt5G8S3AeSTAwrr9gIRc5+YMx4HHOBGvxA+IeyyLeDfDId2IugPFFwREu4YMZ/s/94cZODs54yetadFP/V/L/wCT8X/mH+sGYfz/AIL/ACMxviB8Q9l6V8G+GS6MBag+KLgCVdxyZD/Z/wC7OMHA388ZHWpI/H/j43Vqr+EPDi2zRA3Ei+JbgvHJg5VF+wAOucfMWU8njjBv0Uf6v5f/ACfi/wDMP9YMw/n/AAX+Rkf8LC+JH2Df/wAIV4W+2+bjyf8AhK7ny/Lx97f/AGbndnjbtxjnPavxb+Odxrt18X/Fs3iVGj1t9Rla5RnL7Tu4G4gEgDGCQMjHAr9u68L/AGi/2f8A4e+NtFvfE+s6Jp0WvW/k7NWn85QP3qDEixZ8wEEr8yt19KiWS4ejFywys+t2xxznEV2o4l3XkkZP7EPi/wCIWk/s5eELePQNM1az8ybbcarrM1nLHbb/AJPLjW1lDjG4jLLzx717u3xA+Iey9K+DfDJdGAtQfFFwBKu45Mh/s/8AdnGDgb+eMjrVvT9PttKsoLOyt47W0gQRxQQoFRFHAAA4AqxV/wBg4GWs4XfXV/5k/wBvY6PuwnZdNF/kUI/H/j43Vqr+EPDi2zRA3Ei+JbgvHJg5VF+wAOucfMWU8njjBr/8LC+JH2Df/wAIV4W+2+bjyf8AhK7ny/Lx97f/AGbndnjbtxjnPateil/q/l/8n4v/ADH/AKwZh/P+C/yKEnj/AMfC6ulTwh4ca2WIm3kbxLcB5JMDCuv2AhFzn5gzHgcc4Ea/ED4h7LIt4N8Mh3Yi6A8UXBES7hgxn+z/AN4cZODs54yetadFP/V/L/5Pxf8AmH+sGYfz/gv8jMb4gfEPZelfBvhkujAWoPii4AlXccmQ/wBn/uzjBwN/PGR1qSPx/wCPjdWqv4Q8OLbNEDcSL4luC8cmDlUX7AA65x8xZTyeOMG/RR/q/l/8n4v/ADD/AFgzD+f8F/kZH/CwviR9g3/8IV4W+2+bjyf+ErufL8vH3t/9m53Z427cY5z2qxJ4/wDHwurpU8IeHGtliJt5G8S3AeSTAwrr9gIRc5+YMx4HHOBfopf6v5f/ACfi/wDMP9YMw/n/AAX+RmL8QPiHssi3g3wyHdiLoDxRcERLuGDGf7P/AHhxk4OznjJ60N8QPiHsvSvg3wyXRgLUHxRcASruOTIf7P8A3Zxg4G/njI61p0Uf6v5f/J+L/wAw/wBYMw/n/Bf5FCPx/wCPjdWqv4Q8OLbNEDcSL4luC8cmDlUX7AA65x8xZTyeOMGv/wALC+JH2Df/AMIV4W+2+bjyf+ErufL8vH3t/wDZud2eNu3GOc9q16KP9X8v/k/F/wCYf6wZh/P+C/yKEnj/AMfC6ulTwh4ca2WIm3kbxLcB5JMDCuv2AhFzn5gzHgcc4Ea/ED4h7LIt4N8Mh3Yi6A8UXBES7hgxn+z/AN4cZODs54yetadFP/V/L/5Pxf8AmH+sGYfz/gv8jMb4gfEPZelfBvhkujAWoPii4AlXccmQ/wBn/uzjBwN/PGR1qSPx/wCPjdWqv4Q8OLbNEDcSL4luC8cmDlUX7AA65x8xZTyeOMG/RR/q/l/8n4v/ADD/AFgzD+f8F/kfAn7dH7YHxU0PxRa+CrGWLwFLBAtzdSeHNXluXn38p+/MEDoAByoHPr2ruf2C/wBrL4k/ETSdd8M6rBaeL77SYBc2+paxqklrMVY7Vidlt5S4zn5zyB2atb9sv9kQfGt4/FukavZ6Lq+n2rC7N+shhmhQFtxKKzAqAeinPpXTfsdfs12vwH8ITX8upw61rGuRxzSXdtG6RLCQGRE3AMRznLAH2FcKyWj7X2Th7n9ddzredVvZe1U/f/rpse5r8QPiHssi3g3wyHdiLoDxRcERLuGDGf7P/eHGTg7OeMnrQ3xA+Iey9K+DfDJdGAtQfFFwBKu45Mh/s/8AdnGDgb+eMjrWnRXb/q/l/wDJ+L/zOT/WDMP5/wAF/kUI/H/j43Vqr+EPDi2zRA3Ei+JbgvHJg5VF+wAOucfMWU8njjBr/wDCwviR9g3/APCFeFvtvm48n/hK7ny/Lx97f/Zud2eNu3GOc9q16KP9X8v/AJPxf+Yf6wZh/P8Agv8AIoSeP/HwurpU8IeHGtliJt5G8S3AeSTAwrr9gIRc5+YMx4HHOBGvxA+IeyyLeDfDId2IugPFFwREu4YMZ/s/94cZODs54yetadFP/V/L/wCT8X/mH+sGYfz/AIL/ACMxviB8Q9l6V8G+GS6MBag+KLgCVdxyZD/Z/wC7OMHA388ZHWpI/H/j43Vqr+EPDi2zRA3Ei+JbgvHJg5VF+wAOucfMWU8njjBv0Uf6v5f/ACfi/wDMP9YMw/n/AAX+Rkf8LC+JH2Df/wAIV4W+2+bjyf8AhK7ny/Lx97f/AGbndnjbtxjnParEnj/x8Lq6VPCHhxrZYibeRvEtwHkkwMK6/YCEXOfmDMeBxzgX6KX+r+X/AMn4v/MP9YMw/n/Bf5GYvxA+IeyyLeDfDId2IugPFFwREu4YMZ/s/wDeHGTg7OeMnrQ3xA+Iey9K+DfDJdGAtQfFFwBKu45Mh/s/92cYOBv54yOtadFH+r+X/wAn4v8AzD/WDMP5/wAF/kUI/H/j43Vqr+EPDi2zRA3Ei+JbgvHJg5VF+wAOucfMWU8njjBr/wDCwviR9g3/APCFeFvtvm48n/hK7ny/Lx97f/Zud2eNu3GOc9q16KP9X8v/AJPxf+Yf6wZh/P8Agv8AIoSeP/HwurpU8IeHGtliJt5G8S3AeSTAwrr9gIRc5+YMx4HHOBGvxA+IeyyLeDfDId2IugPFFwREu4YMZ/s/94cZODs54yetadFP/V/L/wCT8X/mH+sGYfz/AIL/ACMxviB8Q9l6V8G+GS6MBag+KLgCVdxyZD/Z/wC7OMHA388ZHWvlD9vT9rL4k/DvSdB8M6VBaeEL7VoDc3GpaPqkl1MFU7WiRmt4igzj5xyfRa+wq8B/a0/Zcj/aN8P2Bsb+HSvEOmlvs1xcKWikQ9Y3xkgZ5yAfoaxq5DhIQcqMPeXm/wBTSnn2MnLlrT91+S/RHkn/AATf/ao8a+N/H974C8X63e+JYJ7R7uyu9QlMs8LJyymRssykHoScGv0Zr4w/YF/ZAtvg/BL491HXbPxBqupQNb2jafHKsNvGHKuQZFRmYlSOVA479a+z6/OMbye3ah0/M/R8D7T2EXUe/wCQUUUVwnoBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBr/sm/8AJvfhD/rnP/6Uy0Ufsm/8m9+EP+uc/wD6Uy0V93H4Ufn0viZzPxC/5OatP+xQP/pbW5WH8Qv+TmrT/sUD/wCltblUSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlH7RH/II8G/8AY02H/s9Wqq/tEf8AII8G/wDY02H/ALPVqvpsr/hS9T5zM/4kfQKKKpaprWn6Hb+fqV/bafB/z0upliX82Ir2JSUVzSdkeZTpzrTVOnFuT2S1ZdorHbxn4fW2tbltd01be6bZBMbyPZM3ohzhj7CtipjUhP4GmXVw9ahb20HG9901to9+3XsFFFBIUEngVoYBRWbY+JdI1SG5ms9VsruG1JWeSC4R1iI6hyD8v41NpesWGuWgutNvrbULUkqJrWVZUyOo3KSM1nGrCVlGSdzpqYXEUlJ1KbXK0ndNWb1SfZtbFyiiitDlCiioftkAuhameMXJTzBDvG8rnG7HXGe9JtLcqMZS2VyaiiimSFFFQw3tvczTRQzxSywkLLGjgtGSMgMB0/GldLQpRlJNpbbk1ch8XIJrn4e6rHb6X/bUzeVtsdsjeZ++Q9I2D8Dng9ueM119cR8aktZPhlrK3s01vanyd8lvCJXH76PGFLKDzj+If0qanwMcPiR29FFFWQFFNkkSGNpJGVI1BZmY4AA6kmoI9Ts5rhLdLuB53j85YlkUsyf3gM5I9+lS5JaNmkac5JuKbSLNFUNN8QaXrUk6afqVpfvA2yZbadZDG3owUnB+tX6IyjNc0XdDq0qlGXJVi4vs1ZhRRUUd1BNNLFHNHJLCQJI1YFkyMjI7Z96d0QotptLYloqK2u4LyPzLeaOePJXdGwYZHUZFS0Jpq6CUXFuMlZhRRRTJCioVvIHuntlnja4RQ7QhxvVT0JHUCpqSaexUoyj8SsFFFFMkKKht723upJkhnjmeFtkqxuGKN6MB0P1qakmnqipRlB2krMx/GUby+EdcSO1+3SNYzhbXDHziY2wmFIY56fKQeeKPBsbxeEdDSS1+wyLYwBrXDDySI1ymGJYY6fMSeOaj8dLE3gnxCJ3eOA6dcCR40Dsq+U2SFJGTjtkZ9RR4FWJfBPh4QO8kA063EbyIEZl8pcEqCcHHbJx6mp+2P7JuUUUVZAUVmf8ACUaMby3sxq1ibu4GYbf7SnmSc4+Vc5PQ9Kki8QaXPqkmmx6laSajGNz2azqZlHqUzkflWXtqb2ku2/XsdjweJjq6ctr7Pba/pfS+xfooorU4woqnJrOnw6gLB762S+KGUWzTKJSg6ttznHvS6brFhrUDT6fe29/CrFDJbSrIoYdRlSeR6VCqQb5U9Tolh60Ye0lBqOmtnbXbXzs7d7FuiiirOcKKKha8gjuktmnjW4kUskJcB2A6kDqRSbS3KjGUvhVyaiiimSFFFQpe28l1JbLPG1zGoZ4VcF1B6EjqAaV0tylGUrtLYmooopkkvwNgmtvhXoMdxpf9izKku6x2yL5f75+0jFuRzye/HGK7uvPP2fUtY/g/4eWymmuLUJNskuIRE5/fyZyoZgOc/wAR/pXodfhWJ/jz9X+Z+64b+BT9F+QUUUVznSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAGv+yb/wAm9+EP+uc//pTLRR+yb/yb34Q/65z/APpTLRX3cfhR+fS+JnM/EL/k5q0/7FA/+ltblYfxC/5OatP+xQP/AKW1uVRIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV4P+2Uktl8Jf7YtdX17R7uxv7YCbQdTu7SRo3lVZFK27qZMqSAME5+7zXvFeTftJeBPF/wASvA8Og+ErfRHle8guZ5tav5rZUWKQOAojgl3FsY524689KAPGvj1420jVLL4f6V4c1D4laJL/AG1bafJNcR+ItIE1u7HeslxMsYkY/wB5mL+hr1ix+Jnw88NfEPx6Psmq2Gt+HdLt21jUb6OcrLbqMRbDIxMp/wBsL8394mqvx2+H/wAQ/iZovg6PSdN8Mw3um6jBqt6l7rVwkYkjOfKiZbNi6n++yqR/dNcZ8QvAfizQ/FHxV8b6/p/hSTQvEGg2+l29i+tTCRpoxhVYtboo3M2AQ/GAfYAHVeLPjVoXj/wh4j8LX2i+KPDuq3+g3F/a293ayI01uI2ZZxcWjusS5A+/IjdiO1ZH7L/xestP+Gnwr8LajpOsWk2raXtstWuIo/sl1KgLPGD5hkDY5y0YU9mNebfD3TfilNqVzZ+I/hfqFtrOqaBLouk6zr3jWwvbe1iKY8sR2luHWPnJkKyNwAT3rvvC/wAEfiZoOm/BiyltPCkqeB/MF7ImtXINwGTZmIfY/Tn5iOePegD6booooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8o/aI/5BHg3/sabD/2erVVf2iP+QR4N/7Gmw/9nq1X02V/wpep85mf8SPoFcJdW76r4l8WrKhe4gsFgs48ZIV42LFfq2BXd1Qm0WCXVodSVpIbqNTGzRnAlT+64xyAeR3Fd+IousopdH+jX4Xv8h5ZjI4OVVveUbJ9mpRl9z5eV+TOE8N+ItN1Tw/4Z0mw1C3uNVt3i861Rt8kGwEMZEByuD/exVDwP4x1jVNesYJvEEWrTvNcR3mnRQRRi2jQ/JJwN656fMxB7V6u6lkZQxQkYDLjI9+ayfC/huPwrprWcV5c3qGRpd915e4Fjkj5EUYz7V531OuqlO09Fva62tZW5utnvdeR9N/bmAnh8U3QXNN+6pcsmnLn5mpez0Sbi0k4ttfF0POfEWuXPh7xz4hdddniZ47bELCFvJib78qqUzhPU5HPOa7DwbrLahYaqbzVItY0mGQrDqkgiCzRbfm3MgCMB0yABXXUVvRwc6VVz9o2m27a9W/O3Xt06Hn4zPMPi8JCh9WSmlBcy5b+6oq6tBNN8v8AM1q7puzPIb7W/DPiS18S6jZXkN5GbFbcW+muryCJGGJGC52jPQNjgHitz4W36XOkaxcie1ml87L6rbvvtZ8Jwy4wAFH3hnrnn09CoqKWBlCtGtKaur3srXvfXd23/wCDqzbFcQUq+CngqdGSTcbNz5rKKirfBG9+Vb6dWm0rfP0PxP1eSzhlk8dWSPJaXMz+XDbKqtGxCKoOSC3Gck54wB1rpm+IF9fNHLb66lveiK2ktNMVIXj1IMo8wjK725z9xhtxzXrdFc1PLcTBWeIb/wDAu3+P5/ndHq4jijLKz5o5bCLV/wDn3bV3tZUVfT3e9r8ri3c8KX4ialdzNDceL7WRrq5vLT7NaJbp5aqmUYZ3MWzwDnB54JrHh8R2ukGzvrDxXapqMOibp5y1s00jrKMRMduOBnqpbHcda+jaKxllFaWrrtvp8Wm23v8Al+J2UuM8DR92GXpRe6TppS+LRr2NmrNL5J77eaeFfHVxrHjSO0OtQ31tNGzra2gjfy8KD8/CunJOD86t/eHSsvxZ8SLzSPH32OPX4LK1SQQy2955EaJlCQwU/vHGf4tyL2ANev0V3SwOIlS5FXafNe+u3b4tvmeFSz7LqeLdd4CLh7Pk5bx3/nv7O3N8r+dtDwfTvi1qtvaQySeI7TWLi609pmjijiAtmEu3cFTLEhecEkcDiuq+D91aTa14tFpqP9sRvcxS/b0iRVmynJLRqELfTH0r06isqGXVqVWFSpW5uXun2a3cn3vrfsjpzDibBYrC18PhsEqTq7uLhbScZLSNKO1rWTS1u7sK5D4ufaf+Fe6r9k+x/aP3W37f5Pk/65M7vO/d9M43d8Y5xXX1xHxqktY/hlrLXsM1xajyd8dvMInP76PGGKsBzj+E/wBa9up8DPgIfEjt6KKKsg5Lx4Dc3Xh+xlG6xur5VnUj5XwMqp9iR+lY95caNZ/GSONpLGG4k0hvtClkV2AfjeOp+XPXtXc6tpNvrVi9rcqxRiGVkO10YdGU9iD3qzChjiRC7SFVALvjLe5x3rzKmFlUqOV1vF7X26dPv83ofV4XN6eFwsaXK2+SpBpPl+NpqWzvbZqy+GOvbhPCeveHPEXjC4vtJv7OWRLb7HHBaOrMyK2S7BT8ozwu7Fc3deIJtA8UeI0l8SXFusl7AkzSG3LWkBU/vQpjOADxuYFR3HevYqKyngakoRSqWkm3dJrdNbc36/5nVRz/AA1GvUm8O505QjDllKMmuWSd+Z0/L+Xd63XunI+F9Z1S68N386yf2/JDJItldp5afbUH3WyCqH6jAOO1cZ4XvNZgu/FcNv4e1RruaeAzlprQyDKfORmfaTjpz075r2GirngZVPZ3qv3b9tbprrd9e7/UyocQQw/1lQwsGqrT1urcsoyStFxTWmyUVd6WS5Tzf4b30ll8Nb10hbSPsr3BjkvTG6jBJydrnOO+SOa4WP4oastuHl8c2Zc6aL0qkVsv7wSYEa5BwCvJByfQrX0FRXNUy2q6dOnTrOPKrddfPSSR6eH4owcMTiMTicDGo6s+bXlfL3V505vXrqvQ8nuPHl/c3zvb65Hb3qSRC30lkiaK6hZQWlGR5hHU5VwBjmuaj+IGqavbS2k/i6G5kvbW9URWSQRlDHnZt4Zske/+Ne+0UqmW16ju67/Hv/i7advI0w/FGXYeNll0W9LP3LppNb+yvvaW99LNtWt85r4stdAnm1PTPFtmZo9OszNJutWe5YkAo5C44Geg3cda9G8GeNLnW/Gl7ZtrEWoWrI0sUNqsbpEvbccK6fRgwPUP2r0aijD5bWw801W9297Wfn/ee9/wuLMuKMFmNCUHgkqjjyqTcG1pG21KL05XbVWUmlZHjHij4m3ukeNLy2i8R21pbRtLA1vfiBFiYR5VlT/WMM/xM6gngKapab8VNTS2mWXxJbajLJZQXDSxRQ4tdz7XZVUHhRydxIHXpXulFTLLcS5uaxD1b010v0+Lp6ehdPifKo4eFGWWRbSim7wu3F3v/Cvd9ddetzzb4Oz2r3HihLS9Gpw/b9y3scSqkwKj5gyKI2P+7xXpNFFethaDw1FUm72v+Lv3f5nx+b5gs0xs8WocvNbS6e0UukYrW19ErbGP4y8z/hEdc8nyfO+wz7PtGzy93ltjfv8Ak2567uMdeKPBvmf8IjofneT532GDf9n2eXu8tc7Nnybc9NvGOnFR+OmiXwT4hM6PJANOuDIkbhGZfKbIDEHBx3wceho8CtE3gnw8YEeOA6dbmNJHDsq+UuAWAGTjvgZ9BXR9s8n7JuVy3xJmlj8LuiMUjmmihmZe0bMA3+H411NQX1lBqVpLa3MSzQSrtdG6EVnXpurSlTi7No7cvxEMHi6WImrqMk2vRnAeLtW8Jx6hZ+HXvNOsZo5oZ5UWSNZF2HCKq/eLngAAEgVj+H7qzb4iJbx/vYlvbmRNPZgtzZykANK64yY2HTOMf7VerafZjT7KG2E0s4iXaJJmDOR2ycc1YrzJYCdSoqkpJWadlHoum/6b622t9VT4ho4bDzwsKcpXjKN3Pdy050uS69L3t7t7OXN5P4u1q68P+OtUuI9ZnST+zkaGybyiNu/52RCm5toy3B+uRxXT+CdZutS/tQQauPEmnR7WtNTIiG9iuTGTEFRtpx0AxnBrsaK2p4OdOs6ntHZtu2vW/nbr26K1jjxWeUMTgo4b6rFTUYx5vd+zbXSCktn9r7TvfS3gVjJqDWGqWtjqLaje30NxLq9n5Efm2sit8u5gu/lcgBicjpiu/wDAt5b6lrWrX+mTxyaX9lt4vOQ5j81U56cEqOD6dK76iufD5a6E4y9pe3r2fm+7b7vsehmXFMcwo1Kaw6i5dU11cW7pQSdlCMY7WS15nqeCr8StVkurdJvHVjCLiW7jYRQ2yiNYxlCu7d8xPGSSPYmthPiJe6lYWso8Qx2Fx9ijmtVjSFo9Rmzhk+ZSSe22MqRnNexUVlDLcRG98Q3f/F5f3/n/AMA663FGWVeVxy2Ka/69929lRSejS1vorqzd14hD8SNVl1xYbvxXZxCTUfsRs7aOBPLVkznLbmJDcDn65rnbPW7fTY9LuoPF0EWr22n3ZmmmNs08ZVziI/KMZPZgTzxivpGispZRWnrKu32+LTVP+fyOyjxngqC5aeXximkmk6aTspR1XsdU+bW99lds8o8M/ES61rxVpMX9twXNteQIfslosUh3bMsWBCuozn5lLr2wtJ8QviFd+HfGVvbQa5DYQxND51reeRHEyPnLDcDJJjvtMYX1J4r1iiux4HEOi6ft3zXvfX7vi2+fyPEjn+WxxscT9Qj7NQceS8dXf4r+z3S0va/W/Q8K0r4raqskcjeI7PWJp4bopaQRxBQ0Z+QgLlycdt3OOlbvwv1C1vvHWtywaqutNcWdvK93HCgXeR8ys0ahMg8YPzDvmvWKKzo5bWpzhOpW5uV31T7W6yf6+R1Y3ifA4jD16OGwKpOrHlbi4L7aktFSjtZKycb7u+liiiivePzsl+Bv2n/hVeg/a/sf2jZLu+weT5P+ufG3yf3fTGdvfOec13deefs+yWsnwf8ADzWUM1valJtkdxMJXH7+TOWCqDzn+Ef1r0OvwrE/x5+r/M/dcN/Ap+i/IKKKK5zpCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDX/AGTf+Te/CH/XOf8A9KZaKP2Tf+Te/CH/AFzn/wDSmWivu4/Cj8+l8TOZ+IX/ACc1af8AYoH/ANLa3Kw/iF/yc1af9igf/S2tyqJCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAqtqWmWes2M1lqFpBfWcy7Jbe5jWSORfRlYEEfWrNFAHPeE/hz4T8ArOvhjwxo3hxZzmUaTp8VqJP97y1GfxroaKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyj9oj/kEeDf+xpsP/Z6tVV/aI/5BHg3/ALGmw/8AZ6tV9Nlf8KXqfOZn/Ej6BRRRXtHjhRRRQAUUUUAYGreOdK0XVRptz9va9aPzRHa6Zc3GV9QY42B/PiqTfFLw8sskYl1B3jh89xHpV222P+8cRdOv5VjeLbO61b4iafBa3eraXts2Rr2zsWeLcWyEaRoyoBA7MCPUVDqN8bHxtrbyWeqTRHSBbLPDplzKkkgJyAyoQTz2NfPVMbiIzlZxUVK12vK/83T0R+lYXI8tq0KTlGpKpKnztKSWvMo9aTVmndWlJ6anWSeO9GjsNPvUnuLq11AZtpbOynuA/wD37Q4/HFVtP+JWh6pJGtu2osJJDEsjaTdpGXGfl3tEFzx0zXKaZoN9od9os+n21w/h+6dbme2aB0ksplX5iIyu4K393AOfrUHgG8uLG8iMkviYmS7mxpcmjyRW+HPyuZGhTGOvzufpULH4n2kIzSV/L01T5ldO+lrvpa6Z0T4dyv6vWrUXObirr3kus/dklSlyyjypSu1H7V1Fo9R0/UrXVrRLqznW4gfo6H8x7EehqzXLeDVddX8TBRi0+3fuwPu7to34984rqa92hUdWmpS31/B2Pz7MMPDC4iVKDutGr72aTs/NXs/MKKKK3POCiiigArkPi5PNbfD3VZLfVP7FmXytt9ukXy/3yd41L8jjgd+eM119ch8XIJrn4e6rHb6X/bUzeVtsdsjeZ++Q9I2D8Dng9ueM1E/hZcPiR19FFFWQFFFFABRRRQAVia94x0zw1dWtvfG8866z5K21hPcb8dR+7RufbrW3XAfEqKe91rw3b20uqWjiZ2a806xafyQV2glvLdF59efp1rixladCi5097rfzaXdfme9keDoY/HRoYm/I1Juzs1aLa+zPS61tFvtqav8AwszQftUNtu1E3EwYpCukXZc7fvAr5WQR3BqeP4g6FPoaavDcz3Fg0ph8yCzmkZXBwVZFQspB45ArntTkk0bxx4b+0JqeoJaWk0c17Fp88ylmHBLIhGTj1rEh0C/i0+11TRrS6EN7MItS0+e2kgfIkJWcI6g5A68civIljsVGUo+67X0Sd1pHW3M76tp2/TX7KnkOUVadKd6kFPlabkuV3lUTjd01ytxinFu+rs17ya7WP4m6DNNLEp1LdFIIpS2j3gWNj0DMYsL17kVv6fqtpqqStazCXynMci4IZGHVWU8g/WvL7G+mtfFmsXZm8TW8LaisqWNvosxgulAxy5hyBnuZAvFdhpO//hYGsGNDHA1pCZV9JecZxxnbXRhcbVqtc9n71tF66/E+3Wx5ubZHhMJBugpq0FP3nfX3Lx/hw25t05K9lve3V0UUV7h8CFFFFABRRRQBj+MpHi8I648d19hkWxnK3WWHkkRth8qCwx1+UE8cUeDZHl8I6G8l19ukaxgLXWWPnExrl8sAxz1+YA880eMo3l8I64kdr9ukaxnC2uGPnExthMKQxz0+Ug88UeDY3i8I6Gklr9hkWxgDWuGHkkRrlMMSwx0+Yk8c1H2i/smxRRRVkBRRRQAUUUUAZPiLxRp/hW3hm1FrhI5pPKQ29pNcZY9ARGrEZ7Z61lzfE7QbdoklbUo5ZZBEkTaRdhyxGQNvlZGR045qn8WPNl0OyggS/Mr3sTCTT7N7h4wpyWwqOBj/AGhiszxJBcaO3hKOaXVdbaHUBcS3QsJZXCYPLiNCFxnpgfSvCxOLr06s4wtyx5d13dv5l67H6BleT5fisLQqV1N1KjqK0ZWuoRumr05LfR+9e+yOotfH2iXun395BcXEkdhJ5V1GLKfzoW64aLZvHH+zVT/haGg+c8Q/tRpI0Erqui3pKoRkMcQ8D3rktQ0m8v11bXtBtbtNQW4lintLm0ltvttu2MYDqMsOoPPpUF9JPD4su5PtPiTS41sreLdp+jTTpMy4LIWEDH2yrL161yzzDExtfl9baPfVNyS6Wav+aPXo8N5VWcuV1G0r8vN70WuS8ZJUpSd+ZuMlFJqysmpHqWna5Y6tJLHaziSWIKzxspR1DDKnaQDgjoelXq5AzPdePNIuIoJLfzdPkaeORdrhMjYHA6c9q6+veoVHUUubo7fr+p+e5hhYYWVPkvaUU7NptO7TV1ZPVXWmzQUUUV0nlBRRRQAUUUUAS/A2ea5+FegyXGqf21MyS7r7dI3mfvn7yKG4HHI7ccYru64T4GwTW3wr0GO40v8AsWZUl3WO2RfL/fP2kYtyOeT344xXd1+FYn+PP1f5n7rhf4FP0X5BRRRXOdIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAa/7Jv/JvfhD/AK5z/wDpTLRR+yb/AMm9+EP+uc//AKUy0V93H4Ufn0viZzPxC/5OatP+xQP/AKW1uVh/EL/k5q0/7FA/+ltblUSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlH7RH/II8G/9jTYf+z1aqr+0R/yCPBv/Y02H/s9Wq+myv8AhS9T5zM/4kfQKKKK9o8cKKKKACiiigAooqtqWoQ6Tpt3fXBIgtonmkKjJ2qpJ/QUDLNNkQSRshyAwwdpIP4Ecivy98df8FFPiZe+OLi68OXVjpfh+GYrBpzWUcomjB4MjsC+SOu0rX3/APs//FyH43/C3SfFSW4tJ7gNFcwLnbHMpw4Unkj0rio4uliJOEOh11cLVw8VOR3un6fbaXapbWkKwQJ0Rf1J9T7mrFFFdiSirJaHNOcqknObu3u2FFFFMgKKKKACuI+NSWsnwy1lb2aa3tT5O+S3hErj99HjCllB5x/EP6V29ch8XPtP/CvdV+yfY/tH7rb9v8nyf9cmd3nfu+mcbu+Mc4qKnwMuHxI6+iiirICiiigAooooAKKKKACivJP2qPixe/Bj4L6z4i0xQdTylrayMoYRySHAcg9celfnz8A/2wPiPofxZ0h9c8Uan4h0nUrtLe7sb+cyph2C5jDf6sgkfdwPauGtjKdCoqcup20cJOtBzj0P1hqrp+l2ulpIttCI/McySNkszsepZjyT9atUV2cqbTa1RzKpOMXBPR7rvbYKKKKozCiiigAooooAw/HSxN4J8Qid3jgOnXAkeNA7KvlNkhSRk47ZGfUUeBViXwT4eEDvJANOtxG8iBGZfKXBKgnBx2ycepqTxl5n/CI655Pk+d9hn2faNnl7vLbG/f8AJtz13cY68UeDfM/4RHQ/O8nzvsMG/wCz7PL3eWudmz5Nuem3jHTio+2X9k2KKKKsgKKKKACiiigAooooAKK+CP2vf23/ABf4H+I154P8CXEGkrpZCXd/JbJNLJLjJQCQMoUfTJ9q9c/Yp/ai1P4/aLqmm+I4oR4j0kK73FtHsS4iY4DlegbPHHH0riji6UqvsVudksLUjS9q9j6RtdLtbO6uLmKEC4uCDLKSWZsdBk9h2HQVaoorrUVFWSOedSdR803d+flovuCiiiqMwooooAKKKKAGfs+pax/B/wAPLZTTXFqEm2SXEIic/v5M5UMwHOf4j/SvQ64T4G/af+FV6D9r+x/aNku77B5Pk/658bfJ/d9MZ29855zXd1+FYn+PP1f5n7rhv4FP0X5BRRRXOdIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAa/7Jv/JvfhD/AK5z/wDpTLRR+yb/AMm9+EP+uc//AKUy0V93H4Ufn0viZzPxC/5OatP+xQP/AKW1uVh/EL/k5q0/7FA/+ltblUSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHlH7RH/II8G/9jTYf+z1aqr+0R/yCPBv/Y02H/s9Wq+myv8AhS9T5zM/4kfQKKKK9o8cKKKjuBE1vKLgIYNp8zzMbduOc54xigDI1Dxx4c0nRpdXvtf0uz0mKQxSX9xexxwI4OCpkLbQc8YzWvb3EV5bxTwSpNBKoeOSNgyupGQQR1BHevn34efEL4e+D/hXqN5c6n4ei0+21e7t7WM3ECxLI7YCKc4XI69OM1e8TeJ7fwH+zbbX/hPxdbWUdq8Mdrq6eTNbyF5huRTICsifMwypBIXhhXMqytd9rnS6Otl3se8VkNf6N4sh1nR4dQtb5oQ1nfwWs6PJbl1PyOASUYqc4NfK2v8Axh1O+i1jSU+K1vqhlm1HTIorAWCSuqwb45flRiXJyF24G3sx+asrwP8AFa38L6tJqNl8TdPvIXm0W1uYriazka73WxWTzHVQQEOFxGFYH7xJ4rJ4qN7W0+RosNK17/meH+O/+CdfxNsfHFxa+HLSx1Xw/NMWg1A3scQhjJ4EiOQ+QOu0N0r9AP2f/hHF8D/hbpPhRLgXc9uGluZ1yFeZjlyoPOPTNcj8OPihqOpeE/HV3qHiZdZm0nLJdWUNvOluCrHClPK3EcfJMkZXHJYfNXkOm/tB65fXkFi3xbsLYLFeyvL5+l3MjosAkhJZYVRXLfKMBl6j5z81c1ONDDS54p3fodFSVfELkk1p6n2HqWuabo8tpFf6ha2Ml5L5FslzMsZmk67EBI3N7DmsPxJ8WPBHg3Uf7P1/xj4f0O/2h/supapBby7T0O13BwfWvni8+MkfjG88IT6p4ys7QDUtMki0nECx3iMhLXKvgM3z8ZRtg6EZr0L4iareXnxy0rRvD3ifQdL1ttIbzbTU4hcSyxmYEoqCVSrFc8lXGP4e9dntuZNx/r8Tk9jyu0v6/A76f4zfD+1ujbTeOvDUNwNmYZNXt1f5vucF885GPWr+vfEjwl4VuY7fWvFGi6RcSRGdIr/UIYHaMdXAZgSvv0rxLx/4u8G2PjD4haVqGuaJaQ/2XZ281pPeRRBRvAZCpYY4JyKsyXk3gtrnR9Tu4pfDNnpF5c6RrrzAwtaPEQsbyE43ISADn5lIo9s7taD9ktGeweGPif4N8bXklp4d8W6Hr11Gu94NL1KG5dV9SqMSB7101eFfs++PLHXI9L0+bxv4V8U3Y09RaWegwj7RZqqjeJyJZSOwySgJ4C5r3Wtqc+eNzGpHklYK4j41SWsfwy1lr2Ga4tR5O+O3mETn99HjDFWA5x/Cf6129ch8XJ5rb4e6rJb6p/Ysy+Vtvt0i+X++TvGpfkccDvzxmqqfAyYfEjr6KKKsgKKKKAMXxZ4kl8MaYbqDRdS16btZ6WkZlYAZJzI6IMD1YZ7ZNcdffHzQLW10q6gsdV1C0vbZbyWe1hj22MJk8rfMGdTxJ8pCBzwTjHNdL8QtZ1zR9BdvD/h+88QahKfLEdlNbxtCD1k/fyxqcdgD1rxzxb4D8T6vJ4YuNL8GXmmvYQqLXy76z3wSecGdL9TJskhZdzbYjLhsEY61zVJSi/d/I6KcYte9+Z9EAhgCDkGs7XPENl4dt4ZLyUI1xKILeIEbppSCVjXJAycHqQPUivH/AI9fDu98Z+JvDl2ngybxLHaaffRTzW01tGFkki2xIfNmjZlD/NjleAeorzNPgrrTy6dNN8Kbie2s7jTr6e2u5tMmmupo42SdtzXJDOflO52GQBzxilOrOLaUfz/yKjShJJuX5f5ntvizw3ov7UHwTmsporrTrHWIS8JuUTzraVGIDEKzKSGU9GI96+Y/gp/wTj1PwX8SLHXfFniDTNR0nTZxPb2tgshe4ZTlfM3KoQZwcAt9a7Lw98HfEdjpa2T/AA51a0F5pMlvqckd7pjNPL9pMqKd88iuoUgBWG0cj5etd74t+Huvat8CvD3h1vB6Xs8bhbnS1NvM9uuW2sqXFyYGYZHDySqvYHgDllCNZqpUhql5/wCR0xnKknCE9G/L/M9+rCHi6D/hNW8NNZ3SXX2L7cl0wj8h037CBh924H1UD3r5a8O/CHxbpt8dTT4b6la60l/p8lvfvd6bmJYo2SaXC3WAxyvIG4qMegr0n4Q+B9b8OfEZL698Ez6IraZJbX+rC8tpY7y584uJcLKZG3Lj5mQN2IAANdMa05NLlt9/+RzSpRin71/69TstP+MN3qerXtlb/D7xVJFZ3bWU94rae0SyDvgXZfaeOdvfnFZ+n/tEaXNNpZ1Hw1r2g2GoXcljFqOofY2gSZDgq/lXDsoJ6MV2+pFVfh74Fuo/H3iXxVqmh+INLvVvriWyim1WN7a6idAuVt0uHjVvl+8yoeRk1ieFfDOvXlnpmja/4B1iLT5ru/F3JJdaeyRRTfcc7Lotx1+UEjjilzVP6X/AK5af9P8A4J2fiL40P4dvbq3fwP4kvfIvI7FZLaTT9sryDKFd92p2nH8QBHcCuu8K+IrrxHaTS3nh/VPDk8T7Da6r5Bc/7StDLIhH0avE/EXw78X2PhWXRrjS9V8Wour2zxXWk6hDaXT2cQOGaR7iErJghco2TjPvXqPwptbrTdDnspfD2r6BaQy5t017Uor28l3cszvHLLwDwC0jMe+KuEpuVpf1+H6kTjFRuv6/H9DtqKKK6TmMPx00S+CfEJnR5IBp1wZEjcIzL5TZAYg4OO+Dj0NHgVom8E+HjAjxwHTrcxpI4dlXylwCwAycd8DPoKk8ZSPF4R1x47r7DItjOVussPJIjbD5UFhjr8oJ44o8GyPL4R0N5Lr7dI1jAWussfOJjXL5YBjnr8wB55qPtl/ZNiiiirICiiigCB9Qto7yO0e5hW7kUukDOA7KOpC9SB60W+oW15LPFBcwzSQNslSNwxjbrhgOh9jXgd9rniW3+My3zeBtbl1RrC5itWa408xmMH5BH/pWQM8ncEyew61sfBO8uoW8fJe6PqnhuRLozzXepS2jP5hjyzkxzSjI65bIwBya51VvK1jodKyvc9rqhNr2mW+sW2ky6jaRarcxtNBYvOonlRfvMqE7mA7kDAr5Esfj/ra6DbXd18XtOeY6Y2oNF5WnpIXjuvLEX3cfNH8z/Lk8FdlZEPjZbPxd5x+KCWerQ3+tXam8msXltozbo0exSgAEhwFLhgcfKKxeKjpZfl/marCy1u/z/wAjI/a+/Yg8X+OPiNeeMPAlvb6suqEPd2ElykEqS4wXBkKqVPHfI969c/Yp/Zd1P4A6Lqmp+JJIf+Ei1YKj29tJvS3iU5CFhwzZ544+tbXwv+MWoeMPiFoVu/iuz1Kw1HTFmGm2HkS/OIgWkf5VkT5s/MplQnj93Xn/AMRP2hta0XxN4itrP4i2umBJvKtrW8bThJBKsyKUFuYzIEKk8ySl2AyAnWuZRw9Of1hJ3Olyr1IewbVj651HUrTR7Ge9v7qGys4FLy3FxII441HUsxOAPc1k698QvC3hXTbTUda8S6PpGn3f/Hvd39/FBFNkZGx2YBuOeDXzdq3xrm1DRdf0W6+I9qLK3n1C3/t9UtGFyRDuityVTy13ZOAMOw4DZBNdf418VWFr8Dfh3ND4i0fTJrq508Wl5qDK8DMF5OzzELgdwHB967PbqV+XocfsGmubqem/8Ls+HZt7e4Hj3wwYLgssMv8AbFvtkK/eCnfgkd8dK0pviR4St/D9vrsvijRY9EuHEcOpPqEItpWJwFWTdtJJ7A15f4u1y08H6x8M4/FviDQotblvZZrq6jaO0juPkOJFRmztxgck/U1yuhzJpXh+DVvC91b674V1698rUk0+dZxZ3wmOJhtJAVhgOOxwaPayTsP2UWrntNn8avh5qWqRabaePPDN1qMr+VHaQ6xbvM7/AN0IHyT7Yrs6+a/DPxM0eH4ieJIJPiB4P/sl9ek36CyLNqNw/wAqgxkTMW+b+FYcjB+bivpStaU3NO5lUhyNWCiiitjEZ+z7JayfB/w81lDNb2pSbZHcTCVx+/kzlgqg85/hH9a9DrhPgbPNc/CvQZLjVP7amZJd19ukbzP3z95FDcDjkduOMV3dfhWJ/jz9X+Z+64b+BT9F+QUUUVznSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAGv+yb/AMm9+EP+uc//AKUy0Ufsm/8AJvfhD/rnP/6Uy0V93H4Ufn0viZzPxC/5OatP+xQP/pbW5WH8Qv8Ak5q0/wCxQP8A6W1uVRIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeUftEf8AII8G/wDY02H/ALPVqqv7RH/II8G/9jTYf+z1ar6bK/4UvU+czP8AiR9Aooor2jxwooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK5D4uQTXPw91WO30v8AtqZvK22O2RvM/fIekbB+Bzwe3PGa6+uI+NSWsnwy1lb2aa3tT5O+S3hErj99HjCllB5x/EP6VFT4GXD4kdvRRRVkBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAY/jKN5fCOuJHa/bpGsZwtrhj5xMbYTCkMc9PlIPPFHg2N4vCOhpJa/YZFsYA1rhh5JEa5TDEsMdPmJPHNR+OlibwT4hE7vHAdOuBI8aB2VfKbJCkjJx2yM+oo8CrEvgnw8IHeSAadbiN5ECMy+UuCVBODjtk49TUfbL+yblFFFWQFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBL8DYJrb4V6DHcaX/YsypLusdsi+X++ftIxbkc8nvxxiu7rzz9n1LWP4P8Ah5bKaa4tQk2yS4hETn9/JnKhmA5z/Ef6V6HX4Vif48/V/mfuuG/gU/RfkFFFFc50hRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBr/ALJv/JvfhD/rnP8A+lMtFH7Jv/JvfhD/AK5z/wDpTLRX3cfhR+fS+JnM/EL/AJOatP8AsUD/AOltblYfxC/5OatP+xQP/pbW5VEhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5R+0R/yCPBv/Y02H/s9Wqq/tEf8gjwb/wBjTYf+z1ar6bK/4UvU+czP+JH0CiiivaPHCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArkPi59p/4V7qv2T7H9o/dbft/k+T/rkzu87930zjd3xjnFdfXEfGqS1j+GWstewzXFqPJ3x28wic/vo8YYqwHOP4T/AFqKnwMuHxI7eiiirICiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAx/GXmf8Ijrnk+T532GfZ9o2eXu8tsb9/wAm3PXdxjrxR4N8z/hEdD87yfO+wwb/ALPs8vd5a52bPk256beMdOKj8dNEvgnxCZ0eSAadcGRI3CMy+U2QGIODjvg49DR4FaJvBPh4wI8cB063MaSOHZV8pcAsAMnHfAz6Co+2X9k3KKKKsgKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigCX4G/af+FV6D9r+x/aNku77B5Pk/658bfJ/d9MZ29855zXd155+z7JayfB/w81lDNb2pSbZHcTCVx+/kzlgqg85/hH9a9Dr8KxP8efq/zP3XDfwKfovyCiiiuc6QooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA1/2Tf8Ak3vwh/1zn/8ASmWij9k3/k3vwh/1zn/9KZaK+7j8KPz6XxM5n4hf8nNWn/YoH/0trcrD+IX/ACc1af8AYoH/ANLa3KokKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKK8l/ae0fxBq3wtujoMkz/Zpo572ytr2SznvLcH5445oyGRz25AOMEiubtPED6ra/B/UdD8ReIY9LnvDaz2N+4SSbCEFLnK72ZSMctg4yd3WgDO/bi1LxN4d8B+Fdf8ADLLeXGl+IbWZtFeJSuoEhgq7z8yFfmI29ScHNXvhF8VNN+MPgu28Q6bbXVkrs0M9peRFJIJl4dDng4PcV4n+1BrWqL4X0vxOdd1D7fdeLHtG02S7drWOOEN5apbsSiMmdxdVDNn5iRWB4R8ZeKPhlb6+nhjf4mZbKG/+wareSOHldcuVcklSeSFzjsMV9NlUJOnKS77fL/hz5zM5xVSMX23+Z9f0V8e+AfjkfGHh9Z9H8R6nJqerR+Vrlvd3UjSaVcGbaTGjEiAbTtGzavcfNzXeSXF9da5eeDTr+sQaRpT3k8F6upzC6kMcYZI3uN3mOEPJDMdwOGyOK9COIUldI4XQcXZs+hqKwvAurXGueDtHv7vm5ntkaRsY3HH3vx6/jW7XSndXOZqzsFFFFMQUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUV5Vp+hWLfGnxis5maG90iA3AlupCuNxBAy3yLjsuBUSly2LjG9z1WivMvhf4f03wz/wk58NfZdN0e8l+0afpkSAQwlVKvMsSkYR354xnHWvOLD44/EebQ7fUJ4/C6I+nNqTGO0uSdiXRgZApm6uOQd2E/6aVm6qilzI0VJyb5WfSlch8XJ5rb4e6rJb6p/Ysy+Vtvt0i+X++TvGpfkccDvzxmvnGDXvGl345s/EJ1DRL/VrO91yK0nu9OlX7PbRwK5jOJiXXphQyAHJya6/xN8UfEviyx/s+TQ9N1DS9RsreWKzSGeSWabMbsoeCU4wctscRnA4MnNZOupRasaKi4yTufR1FfOHjL4+eNtF1bXF0uHRbqwgb/Q5p9OuFjJWZUeMymdWkPzffWJVB6F6m8TfEzxH4i0PxD4Svx4c/tOMajFcy3FrJ9lmhhi3bI4zKTv55ckgYB284F+3jqifYS0PomivAPiJ4ds/EXwP8AJNoOk+IJ0n08W9rqyr5BLJgqXMchVSOCQh+lVtQ+Evhy2uPhvDqvgHwzpN5PqExutNsbSOa1jYocqmUA2kYP3Rn0FN1XfRdvx+QlTVtX/X3n0RRXy0fDNn4S8J6fomo6Pbar4J1m8WSxjuLdJYtMvBMQIlQrhEcD5ccKQRwK0PCfw40PT/AIgeIb7/AIV/4LttDstdctr0hSC9tCAu0IohUKu44yJe/wB2p9s9Fb+vuK9itXf+vvPpWiiiuo5QooooAKKKKACiiigAorznxZoN3D4+0DUdK1zU11KS5zdWMl7IbM2QUiTNvkRgg4w5XdnPzVx/wK1bU5/G+s2up6rqcs3kNI0eoXctxbX5MzbbqzLHakYXEZRAuCOV71j7S0lFo29nePMme7UV4dL+0F4kF7eW0XgS2laK8vbGKb+3Ascj2yB2Y/uNyoVPXaSG4CsPmri9W+LnjTxR4ssbi00+OPT7bWtLFlaWOsSwvOJ4WZopx5ao6EjJLFtuOFJqHiILYtUJvc+jfGUjxeEdceO6+wyLYzlbrLDySI2w+VBYY6/KCeOKPBsjy+EdDeS6+3SNYwFrrLHziY1y+WAY56/MAeea8h1T46X+u6HZWY8IJINas7iCRZL5xH54EiGGJjEgnJ2/dV0lOflQ9ah1D49X/gVbDQ4/CtnKbXSI5PJ/tOVJIZFtw/lSIIJfJXggebJvOPuHk0e2hfmvp8w9lO1ranvlFeM6T8ddU16FrB/CSWut3YtTZ2P9r/K8c8XmbpJli/dFR2UP1GD1xkrdajqX7Lkt5dXmspqcKu4kttWnS73LcFQn2hZFZuPl5bB4zVe2i/hJ9lLqe+UV85al4flXwDbX+PHPhi4l1m3tzZ6p4rvJpimQC4dLl/lcH7okK/jTtSuL7wKviSz1DV9bufB2p3k1lb3Umq3TXGl3KgFB9pMvmrG/+9weOAcVPtmt0V7K+zPouivmpdDm/wCFgXVhHa+PtatvsthILrT/ABdeJDZM6Zd5Ea8DNk84Ebj1xX0lDH5MKR7mfaoXc5yxx3J9a0hNyvoZzio21H0UUVqZBRRRQAUUUUAFFFcR8WvFeo+GvCt0dFKrq7Rl45XTesCAjdIy9D6AHGSfaplJRV2VFOTsjt6K8y1Txzq7eKPB1jZSqljPIqajM0YYzO0e4RrxhcdSR9OKm8cfHLTPAPiK50i+0LXbtrezS/kurC3jlhELOIy3+sDZDEDG3Jz8oao9pFK7L9nJ2SPR6K+fvHn7RGpzQ/2boHh7WtMupoNQWW8m+xedYyQRb1bY0rqQRgkFWODjbu4G1ov7R+nQ+E7S51XSda/tRI7ON4Hhgilu2miDiSNDKvBwcIdrn+FDxU+3he1yvYztc9s+Bs81z8K9BkuNU/tqZkl3X26RvM/fP3kUNwOOR244xXd14J4U+L1p8KPgf4P1LWvCerabBdK3m2sUS24sA0rY843k6FWO4fJuZySdqngVtaL+094d1bUJbefQ9f0m3jlurdr6/t4RAZYFDsilJmZyVII2gjnBKnivxXEU5yqzkl1f5n7Th6kI0YRb6L8j2GivJvhb471fx14v8b21ydY0qxhS1extNTt7ZJrUSxFiyGMMrA8MN7OR0PcV558NfFXiXxZaazG3xL8aPq+n2l3PMl74esILIqjsiNDMbBBIwKgkq0i9c1l7F667fqb+2Wmm/wCh9OUV80aL488ceEYfDniLU/FOoeKfD02krd63b3lnaLJbK0mz7RD9nt4z8nBZW3AjpjFV/E3i3xFo40G9b4n+MZdI1DUruFpNF0Ow1CZoVQPEY44tOkYjn7208dT3p+wle1/zI+sRte35f5n0/RXNfDma4ufBunXFzrF9rrTJ5i3up2sVtcupPAkjiREDDvhV+grpawas7HSndXCiiikMKKKKANf9k3/k3vwh/wBc5/8A0ploo/ZN/wCTe/CH/XOf/wBKZaK+7j8KPz6XxM5n4hf8nNWn/YoH/wBLa3K4T45eJtR8NftJaZLp3hPWPFjy+E2V4dHls43iAvM7m+1XEIIPT5ST7VS/4Wr4n/6I342/8DND/wDllVEnpFFeb/8AC1fE/wD0Rvxt/wCBmh//ACyo/wCFq+J/+iN+Nv8AwM0P/wCWVAHpFFeb/wDC1fE//RG/G3/gZof/AMsqP+Fq+J/+iN+Nv/AzQ/8A5ZUAekUV5v8A8LV8T/8ARG/G3/gZof8A8sqP+Fq+J/8Aojfjb/wM0P8A+WVAHpFFeb/8LV8T/wDRG/G3/gZof/yyo/4Wr4n/AOiN+Nv/AAM0P/5ZUAekUV5v/wALV8T/APRG/G3/AIGaH/8ALKj/AIWr4n/6I342/wDAzQ//AJZUAekUV5v/AMLV8T/9Eb8bf+Bmh/8Ayyo/4Wr4n/6I342/8DND/wDllQB6RRXm/wDwtXxP/wBEb8bf+Bmh/wDyyo/4Wr4n/wCiN+Nv/AzQ/wD5ZUAekUV5v/wtXxP/ANEb8bf+Bmh//LKj/havif8A6I342/8AAzQ//llQB6RRXm//AAtXxP8A9Eb8bf8AgZof/wAsqP8Ahavif/ojfjb/AMDND/8AllQB03jzwDpPxG0F9J1gXSwMwdZrC7ltZ42HdJY2Vl/A81jt8E/CJtfDlstle28Ph5/N09bXVLu3CP3dxHKolY85Mm7OTVH/AIWr4n/6I342/wDAzQ//AJZUf8LV8T/9Eb8bf+Bmh/8AyyoA8v8A2rPhb4YtNN0rxDHppOqXniKzWVpLmV4fn3h2WFnMaOw4Z1UMwGCTXk1v8PrHSbeCHSJJ9ORblbiV/tM8kkgXgJuMudoHAVtygcBa+UP2+vjx4t+JXxk1XQNUh1Lw/o2iyLDBoF3NGfKcAEyOIZJI2c56q7D0NdB+x18VvEV5o+t6LcWeo+JotPWOW2jhli85FY7SoaaRF2jrjd9K+qyPFU4S+rzjdvVP5bd+h8xnWGqTj7eEtFo18/8Agn0l4Z+HXhTwXq+talaaBHImsx+VqcKySFpUzu/d/N8hB5GzHPvXbfDaT4WfGjwq+naHFePHo93IJ7W6vLmHUIpTw5mfzPNcOBg72YOODkcVxi+KtTa4t4z4O1tUkjDtMZrHbEcH5Gxc5zxj5QRyOa5COxutP+IWlePtM8HeKNI1i3l8q+trK405TqFvjkSg3JQjPQ53Z9ua+ixWHi7Tow9Vyv8Ay/4c8DC4iSvGtL0d1/n/AMMfZNvbxWlvFBBGsUMShEjQYVVAwAB2AFSV5vo/xqTxBquoafpfhTWNQuLKATssN7pe9sgYXyzeCRCTkfOqjIPPTOqvjzXGSyY/DjxMpuGKyKbjS82wDAbpP9N5BHPybjgdM8Vwc6/pM7uV/wBNHZ0VxjePNcVL1h8OPEzG3YLGouNLzcgsRuj/ANN4AHPz7Tg9M8VJH441prq1hPw+8SJHNEJHuGuNM2QNgnY4F5uLcAfKGHI564Odf0mHK/6aOvoriP8AhYGvfYPtH/Cs/FPm+b5f2X7TpPmbcZ35+3bduePvZz2xzViTxxrS3V1CPh94keOGIyJcLcaZsnbAOxAbzcG5I+YKODz0yc6/pMOV/wBNHX0Vxi+PNcZLJj8OPEym4YrIpuNLzbAMBuk/03kEc/JuOB0zxQ3jzXFS9YfDjxMxt2CxqLjS83ILEbo/9N4AHPz7Tg9M8Uc6/pMOV/00dnRXIR+ONaa6tYT8PvEiRzRCR7hrjTNkDYJ2OBebi3AHyhhyOeuK/wDwsDXvsH2j/hWfinzfN8v7L9p0nzNuM78/btu3PH3s57Y5o51/SYcr/po7eueufh34UvdSvdRuPDOjz6hfReRdXclhE0txGeqSOVyy+xJFUZPHGtLdXUI+H3iR44YjIlwtxpmydsA7EBvNwbkj5go4PPTMa+PNcZLJj8OPEym4YrIpuNLzbAMBuk/03kEc/JuOB0zxScovdfgxqMls/wATT8O/D3wr4Qs7u00Hwzo+iWl3/wAfMGnWEVuk3GPnVFAbjjmshvgb8OGUKfh/4WKhDGAdFtsbT1X7nQ+lSN481xUvWHw48TMbdgsai40vNyCxG6P/AE3gAc/PtOD0zxUkfjjWmurWE/D7xIkc0Qke4a40zZA2CdjgXm4twB8oYcjnrifc2t+BXv73/EZP8Fvh7dXj3c3gTwzNduuxp5NHt2kZcYwWKZIwMV5Z8fLn4N/CXwo8Gpw6D4T1S4ijgtDpmlQteCISoxVEQKQnHPIXr1PB9O/4WBr32D7R/wAKz8U+b5vl/ZftOk+Ztxnfn7dt254+9nPbHNflv+21Nrtx+0R4kk1uC6tdxjNnDdFSy25UbQNpIwORwSOK4cXWjRp80Y6vyOzC0pVqlpS0Xmfph4d8H/B74t2X/CT6V4Z8H+JoryTzX1EaVbyyPJ3Llk3B/wDe5roP+FO+AjZy2h8EeHDayzC4kg/sm32PKBgOV2YLY4z1r4Y/4Jta94n0W48UraeHdY17w9MYUZtPktkit588u/nzR5+T+5uPtX3G3jzXFS9YfDjxMxt2CxqLjS83ILEbo/8ATeABz8+04PTPFa4epCtTU3GzfkZ16cqVRwUtF5mjf/Dnwnqml6fpl74X0W803T232dncafC8Nsw7xoVwh/3QKk17wB4Y8VXFpPrXhvSNXmsxttpL+xinaEeiFlO38Kzo/HGtNdWsJ+H3iRI5ohI9w1xpmyBsE7HAvNxbgD5Qw5HPXFf/AIWBr32D7R/wrPxT5vm+X9l+06T5m3Gd+ft23bnj72c9sc11Xh2/A5rS7/ib2j+C/D3h/SzpulaDpmm6cZDMbOzs44od5OS2xVA3Z74zWND8GPh9b6sNVi8C+GotUWXzxeppFuJhJnO/fs3bs985p8njjWlurqEfD7xI8cMRkS4W40zZO2AdiA3m4NyR8wUcHnpmNfHmuMlkx+HHiZTcMVkU3Gl5tgGA3Sf6byCOfk3HA6Z4o9zt+Ae/3/E7OiuMbx5ripesPhx4mY27BY1FxpebkFiN0f8ApvAA5+facHpnipI/HGtNdWsJ+H3iRI5ohI9w1xpmyBsE7HAvNxbgD5Qw5HPXFc6/pMnlf9NHX0VxH/CwNe+wfaP+FZ+KfN83y/sv2nSfM24zvz9u27c8fezntjmrEnjjWlurqEfD7xI8cMRkS4W40zZO2AdiA3m4NyR8wUcHnpk51/SYcr/po6+iuMXx5rjJZMfhx4mU3DFZFNxpebYBgN0n+m8gjn5NxwOmeKG8ea4qXrD4ceJmNuwWNRcaXm5BYjdH/pvAA5+facHpnijnX9Jhyv8Apo7OiuQj8ca011awn4feJEjmiEj3DXGmbIGwTscC83FuAPlDDkc9cV/+Fga99g+0f8Kz8U+b5vl/ZftOk+Ztxnfn7dt254+9nPbHNHOv6TDlf9NE1/8ACXw3qnih/EF1HqcuoOV3qdZvRbOF6K1uJvJZf9kpj2qx4X+GPhvwZqU9/pFjLb3EqGMeZeTzJChYsUiSR2WJSxJ2xhRk9Khk8ca0t1dQj4feJHjhiMiXC3GmbJ2wDsQG83BuSPmCjg89Mxr481xksmPw48TKbhisim40vNsAwG6T/TeQRz8m44HTPFR7l72/Av37Wv8AiZkv7Pvgqa4edrbV1kaea5OzxBqKjzJRiVsCcD5hwR0xUS/s5+BI5rOaOy1WGS08oxGHxBqCfNGCI3bE43OoJAZssAetbDePNcVL1h8OPEzG3YLGouNLzcgsRuj/ANN4AHPz7Tg9M8VJH441prq1hPw+8SJHNEJHuGuNM2QNgnY4F5uLcAfKGHI564nlpfy/h/wB81T+b8TiPGnwf+HHgXwRqV7dvc6TZ2tvOyzXet3Uib2ViMpLcbJTkkqjnGTxik8N/B/4dfEzwlpOqxzXurW89lAjzafr15bxSMsQQlore4EavjhsZPYk18Pf8FCPiB4l8TfEzT9M1TR9U8OaVaWayW2nai8DMWb7zkwSyRn/AL6yPapv+CdnjbxBoPxO1fTNPs73WNLuNOknn020aMM8iY2bTK6IrHJGWZfrXmfWqf1j2XJpt/SPS+r1PYe159d/6Z99x/s9+B4y7Cw1FpGWFVmfXL9pIvKGIzG5n3RlRwGQg44zitRfg/4XTwO3hBLa+j0BpDIbePVrtZMltxHnCXzMZ527se1C+PNcZLJj8OPEym4YrIpuNLzbAMBuk/03kEc/JuOB0zxQ3jzXFS9YfDjxMxt2CxqLjS83ILEbo/8ATeABz8+04PTPFepamto/h/wDzb1P5vxLfiL4baF4r0XT9K1JdQlsrF0kgWLVbqF9y/dLSRyq74/2yabp/wAMfD2nabq2ni3vL2y1V/Mu4NS1G5vVdjjJHnSPt6D7uOlRR+ONaa6tYT8PvEiRzRCR7hrjTNkDYJ2OBebi3AHyhhyOeuK//CwNe+wfaP8AhWfinzfN8v7L9p0nzNuM78/btu3PH3s57Y5p+5e9vwF79rX/ABINQ+BvhPUtUu9QlGuR3F2qxzrbeI9RgikRRtCGJLgIVxxt2468c13NpaxWNrDbQRiKCFFjjjXoqgYA/IVysnjjWlurqEfD7xI8cMRkS4W40zZO2AdiA3m4NyR8wUcHnpmNfHmuMlkx+HHiZTcMVkU3Gl5tgGA3Sf6byCOfk3HA6Z4prkjsvwE+aW7/ABOzorjG8ea4qXrD4ceJmNuwWNRcaXm5BYjdH/pvAA5+facHpnipI/HGtNdWsJ+H3iRI5ohI9w1xpmyBsE7HAvNxbgD5Qw5HPXFc6/pMnlf9NHX0VxH/AAsDXvsH2j/hWfinzfN8v7L9p0nzNuM78/btu3PH3s57Y5qxJ441pbq6hHw+8SPHDEZEuFuNM2TtgHYgN5uDckfMFHB56ZOdf0mHK/6aOvorjF8ea4yWTH4ceJlNwxWRTcaXm2AYDdJ/pvII5+TccDpnihvHmuKl6w+HHiZjbsFjUXGl5uQWI3R/6bwAOfn2nB6Z4o51/SYcr/po7OuT8ffCrwp8TrE2/iTQdO1R1QxxXN1ZxTTQAnJ8tnVtv4UyPxxrTXVrCfh94kSOaISPcNcaZsgbBOxwLzcW4A+UMORz1xX/AOFga99g+0f8Kz8U+b5vl/ZftOk+Ztxnfn7dt254+9nPbHNTKUZKzX4MpKUXdP8AEpSfs9/D1tU0bUY/Cej219pbrJFcQabbpJIVXC728vJx14I5pvjn4KWvjrW77UpfE2uaW95Ypp8kFh9k8sRLIJBjzbd2zuAOc/pWvJ441pbq6hHw+8SPHDEZEuFuNM2TtgHYgN5uDckfMFHB56ZjXx5rjJZMfhx4mU3DFZFNxpebYBgN0n+m8gjn5NxwOmeKnlp2tb8GVzT3v+KOQv8A9mqx1B7qaTxn4nW8uJJpHul+wb8TRCOVAPsm3DKP7uQehFTf8M6Wvk30R8aeJ2jvLSGylRvsBQxRJsVSv2Xa3y8HcCO/Xmupbx5ripesPhx4mY27BY1FxpebkFiN0f8ApvAA5+facHpnivnP9uf47eLfBfwusLLS9C1rwrLrUgjl1Kae13RrtJaFTBPIwf1ONuDwx5rCo6VKDm09PU2p+1qSUE/yPcfh38BdB8c/BXwHb2viDXNOg0izntLa6trezSZ42kdWDJLFOqHjrHtPHUDit6z/AGUdJgitoLrxp4q1K1hubi7aC4awQSyToEk3NFaIw4AxtK4I4r8of2V/jV4o+E/xi8P3Gj6hdNaX99Fb32n+axhukdwp3rnBIznPXiv3Or8lxkZ0Kmj0d2frWClTxFPVaqyZ594D+EC+A9Q1e9j8WeINZutSt4rZpNUa0YwiJdsbJ5dunzKvHzbgcZIJ5qx4Z+FY8L+Ar7wtF4n1q8iuvNxqF0tp9ph8wkts2W6x9zjcjda7mivNc5Pc9NU4rY858GfBhfBt5YSDxfr+sWlpYHTvsGpR2BhliJz8/l2qOTk9mA9Qaz7j9nqwt49Gj0DxV4g8KQ6TNPcWsWliykVXlPzZ+0W0vAHAHQCvVqKftJXvcXs42tYxvCfh2XwzpRtLjWtT8QXDSNLJfas8bTOzdsRoiKo7KiKB6Vs0UVm3fU0SsrBRRRQMKKKKANf9k3/k3vwh/wBc5/8A0ploo/ZN/wCTe/CH/XOf/wBKZaK+7j8KPz6XxM5n4hf8nNWn/YoH/wBLa3Kw/iF/yc1af9igf/S2tyqJCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigD4d/b+/ZI8M+PrjSfG9reT6J4hvdQttKuXijWSGZH3ASMmQd4x1Dc96f+zT8KfB/wAGvDd74Zuka6GpyLJNrkiATxygYUjHSP8A2cn8a9x/a0/5ETw7/wBjJY/zevJa+jwOT4fNsFUhVbjK/uyi2pRas04vunrqmns002j5POMZVw9aEYu8WtU9n6mz4p8LXfhTUTbXIEkbjfDcR8pKh6MprGrtPC/iq0vNOHh3xFmTS3P+j3XV7Nz3H+z6isXxT4Wu/CmofZ7jEkTjfBcR8pKnZlNerlObYiGI/sjN7LEpXjJaRrRX2o9pL7cN4vVXi0z5rEYeDh9Yw/wdV1i+z8uz6+p4548+HGpJ4ks/HPgW8TRfG1jxvPEN/F3imA6gjvX1b4T1s+IPD9leyGH7TJEvnpbsSiSY+ZRkA8HPWvG6474haL4okhtdX8F65caPr+my/aIrcSEWt7xgxzJ0YEcZNe5icIlzVaS16rv/AMH8zTDYpvlpVXp0fb/gfkfVlFcJ8FviRdfFLwLbaxqGi3Ph/U1dre7sblcbJUOGKHuh6g13deUnzK6PUa5XYKKKKZIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeOftMfC3wR428DXWqeKvDkerz2Hl+TPDL9nuUDSopCyhScc9CCPoeR7HXIfFyea2+HuqyW+qf2LMvlbb7dIvl/vk7xqX5HHA788ZrKpFSg0zWnJxmmjS8F+BdA+Hegw6N4b0m20fTIfu29smAT6serH3JJrdoorRJJWRm227sKKKKYgooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8h/aO+BPgv4weD7m78UafPNc6RazXFtd2M/kXCBVLFAxVlwcfxKw74o/Zw+BHgv4P8AhC2vPC+n3EVzq9rDcXF3fTia4YMoYIXCquBnsoz1xXo3jKR4vCOuPHdfYZFsZyt1lh5JEbYfKgsMdflBPHFHg2R5fCOhvJdfbpGsYC11lj5xMa5fLAMc9fmAPPNc/s4e157am/tJ+z5L6GxRRRXQYBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVw3xk+D+g/G/wTc+GtfWRbeQiSK5tyBLBIOjKSD+I713NFTKKknGWxUZOL5lufKP7Hv7A3hXQJ9D+JOra1c6/cqzzWOmyWyxQwOsjIGc7m80/LkcKMnoa+7q4T4GzzXPwr0GS41T+2pmSXdfbpG8z98/eRQ3A45HbjjFd3X4hi6kp1pczvZtfift+Dpxp0I8qtdJ/gFFFFcZ2hRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBr/ALJv/JvfhD/rnP8A+lMtFH7Jv/JvfhD/AK5z/wDpTLRX3cfhR+fS+JnM/EL/AJOatP8AsUD/AOltblYfxC/5OatP+xQP/pbW5VEhRRRQAUUUUAFFFIwLKQCVJGNw6j3oAWivm7wT8TPGHg/9ojUPB/i7xDN4g8LazJLDoN5eW1tDLb3MYDNbs0MUYfKnK5BPHJqb4rfErxZffHzwR4Q8NeILjw/4emu5LbVbqztbeWWeYR+aIlaeKQABeGKjIJ60AfRdFcO3xo8H2/iaz8Py6rMl/dym2tp5bC4W1uJR1jS6MYgd+D8qvn2ryT4+/F6xvr7wvb+FfF2rWl7aeJbWyu4tPhljs7tWcrJEbgxbJCuOUjkyP4hQB9J0V47afGz4deF5PGmtt421HV7O11KG01JRFcX1vpc7LhYoxFEfLU9SeQD1Ire1v9oPwB4Z1DU7LV9eOlTadZLqNw17ZXEMX2duFdJGjCSZPGEJOe1AHolFebQ/tF/D+4vEtItauJLmW0F9bwrpd2Wu4T/Fbjyv35HdYtxHcCut8F+NtF+IXh+31vw/ei/02csqS+W8TBlOGVkcBlYEYKsAR6UAblFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeI/taf8iJ4d/wCxksf5vXktetftaf8AIieHf+xksf5vXktff8O/7vP1/RHwvEH8eHp+rCu08LeKrS60/wD4R7xFmTSnP7i56vZuf4h/s+ori65jU7dNYvNYiuY1mitbfbFDIMruZSd2O59624gwNDMMKqNWL5r3hJPllCSTalGVnZpJ9Gn8LTTaMMkw7r15Nz5YRV5ac105Rjblur3cl1Vt90eg+KvCt34U1D7PcYkhkG+C4j5SZD0YGsWr3gLxBoV94N0Pwz4otYbzSHKfYptis9lLj76/7OeorM8SaP4g8G+JLWy1RbKezvC5tprMMRJGOVkDE4II6jHFfN5PxNXp14ZVncUsQ0nGUfhqxdveWi5ZK654XbV+Ze60z3Mbwyv3tTA1Lxg53Ukov3ObbWV9It3dkrct2yprGpeJ9B0u/u/Btxawa20X7uK+QvbzMOgYAjB7A12HwE+P1j8XtOn0++t/7E8aaZ+71TRZjh42HHmJ/ejPYivM73WNQ0/W9RzcwtbjykiR4mxGX7k7uff19q2PCOpXWheIb7VobW0fVYsW9xLDFs+1xDkKSSSCO3zHFfRTrQxVe1NNSTaadrO1+z0bs7fjrYiplNfL8Iq9SUZQcYyTV7pSUX1Svbnin1u7q6uz6Por56+A/wAUvDXxEuPHekajbTaNqMF8013ouqXBebyv75Yn50P4jtXq/gHSodIsNSGnpHDbTTtPbafnYsCMPlG3nYG64ArzKWKnUlFONr3vrqreVv8Ag+R6GIyzD0qdWdOs5cvLb3bKXMk9+Z2avqrW031SOuorx+H4l+L57aKbyNEiMtrcXITZM+wRMQedw3bsdMDHXJ6VtzfEDVpo57y0FgLexS2a5sZo386bzVBJjcPhQM8ZRs47VzRzXDzV0n93lf8ALX/g6HqVuEMxoyUZOHbSV9ebltt1k+VPbq2o6notFeTt8QvE9xvEqaXZRzz3dpF5UcksiNGm5XJLKPwx+I6Vix6tr2k3VhrQu7W8vv7C8+eW5SUqyiUYVY/M4Y55YEDvg1lLN6S1jBtdenb59Tso8F4qSaq1oRk/hWru9d2tErxaum3e1kz3KiuI0TxpqV/4ojsrpLSGwnVjAyqzM5VQSodWZdwzyrBGHYHrVDXPiDq9h4yXT7OKzurHzfIYGGQFH2FvmmLAZ4+6qNgdSK65ZhRjDnd7X5fO/p+PoeNT4bx1Su8PG11Dn30ttvte+na+l7no1FeSWvxY1yzsobnVLXTf9KsjcQx2okAiYS+Xl3ZuV74Cjp1541vhe8kfiXxhBd3ltdX/ANpikkNszBSCnUKzsVHtkisqeZ0q1SFOmvi76W0bX32OvFcK4vA4aviMTJL2a0t73NacYS16crkrvr0utV6LXIfFyCa5+Huqx2+l/wBtTN5W2x2yN5n75D0jYPwOeD254zXX1xHxqS1k+GWsrezTW9qfJ3yW8Ilcfvo8YUsoPOP4h/SvVqfAz42HxI7eiiirICiuQ1qJNf8AHFro94iy6bDZtdvbyDKTOW2jI6MB6HiuQ8O+H9EPwomtZdP090N66mJoUIMgmwBjH3sceuK8qpjZRqOMYppKWt7axt5Pv/wD6/D5FSqYeFWrWalJ01ZQvZVHOzvzLVKN7W6rU9eorzWHxvr1tq00BttJi0211NNMFnbrI0zKR8rK2QAQP4dh47ip/GPiLV/D/jLzoruE6XDpj3DWbQsSzB9uSwcDv1xwB+NDzGlyOpZ2Ts/8/TT18gjwzi3Xjh3ON5Rclre9kny6J6u6/u677nodFct4X17VLvVriw1J7O6xbx3UV1YxPEu1v4SrO/PuG5HYVi3OiaRYeJrzUNPaPS0itZob66hOHuJGBOCc5kdOvJJHA4rWWL9yM4R0bs7uzX5p29Tkp5P++qUK1SzUeZOMeZO6ur6pq+iXut30aR6HRXlnwct7exvb2JYFtZpbaKZRbKBDcx84nbB/1jd88j1NLN4+8WNqz20dvo0EZ1KXT41YTSH5V3By2V/75xz6iuaGZQ9jCrUi05O1lr1+R6dbhav9erYPDVFJU0m5S926avory89m9tbHqVFeaWnxC1rVtOga1bTLW8jsGvp0uYZGWfa5UrHiQFeF6ndgnpVYfErxFNeSS/ZNNtNPS6trcRsJJZiJkyCTlQCD7HPT3p/2ph7J667aeV/w8/kTHhHMXKcbxTjveW2qS6a8zelrrvY9Uorw+G78QTS+HtSk1C2u9SW4v1jkmjlESIqknMYkIY8cYK8cZrqtJ+IWrX19oxmisYbC8WJZJNjsRIwJ25VmKE44DqAf7x6VFLNadR2nFx2t80nr23OjGcIYnDx5qNWNSylfdaxlJWServyNrRPfS2r9Gorz/wAdePNU8O65b22npa3EK+X9oiaCR3UO2AS+5VQen3yfSsuP4oa7Y3H2jUrPT/sH2m6thBaeY0p8pdwbexAHoRtP4VrUzTD06jpyvp5aHHh+FMyxWHhiaSjaabSvZvS9rPq1qulup6pRXlvgXUJ7z4lXlzfXlnNc32kwzxJaswUKWztCs7cgdSuAeuBXqVdWFxKxUHNK2rX3HlZvlcspxEaEpc14xle1t1dpd7PS+l+yMfxlG8vhHXEjtft0jWM4W1wx84mNsJhSGOenykHnijwbG8XhHQ0ktfsMi2MAa1ww8kiNcphiWGOnzEnjmo/HSxN4J8Qid3jgOnXAkeNA7KvlNkhSRk47ZGfUUeBViXwT4eEDvJANOtxG8iBGZfKXBKgnBx2yceprp+2eN9k3KKK5v4galcab4db7LI0EtxNHb+cpIKBmwSD2OO9TWqKjTlUfQ6cHhpY3EU8NB2c2l950lFef6/olppXjLwOLZZEEbTwqvmsV27M525xuJ6tjJ9asQ6DpMPjyC/01IrSaDzI765BO65kcfLGzH77DrzkjpxXF9aqczjyLSSW/dJ3WnS/3I9z+ycP7KNVVpWlTlNe51jKcUn7+nM4qzV9ZWtpc7iivN/EfijWtA8X6tKLy3fTbexjZLZ7dsIzuF3swk7E5Jx044610fh3XNSkvNVsdUNtdzWQSRbrT4XRJUZdwGxmchvoxzVU8bCdR0rNO7XTz8+tn93oRiMhxFDDRxSnGUXFS0vfXlutUtVzxvr10uk7dLRXkOl+MmTx1rF+9pq0ly2mjy7RtLuv3eJOFA8vkd8gc9s1s/CfURdT+JUDXk1x9tMjPeW00GSVHH7xBjntjIHauejmdOtUjTj1bW/b/AD7dD0cbwrisDhqmJq3tCMH8L3la6v2jffr0PRaK8lj+Ivi64uIEEGiwC4kuo0GyaTZ5IzuJ3Luz024HrntWivxC1jULIz2Y0+CS1sY724guIncz7jyI2DjYPchuaI5rQleyf3eV/wAtf+COpwjmNK3M4a9pXtq4q9l1knHqr6uy1PSaK8st/iN4kutUWN7fTLO1kvfsSKFkmlBKbgxJKDjuMc+1c5Z6l4itzomtNfWl7qQ066lMlxHLs2Kx42eYQWOOoK/jWM83pL4INr7uqXr1OyjwXipJ+3rQg7aK/NduM5JXWi+B3d3urJnu1Fef6P4+1PUfEGnQSx2cGnXkUZVtrM5kKBioZWYKf9lwvHQtR4u8earoniiCzsY7S7tFkhjuImhk3p5mcFpdwVM9gqyHuQBXW8xoKm6utr2/pemvoePHhnHyxKwunM48++lr2tfa9/d7X0bPQKK8ms/iprtuPtGp2mmi3eG5dIbXzNymI4BZ2OMH/d/GrngK6nf4ia59vvLSe9ubG3uAtsXUbGGRhHdiAPUHB64FYwzSlVnCFNP3nbXS2ja+87K/CeMwlCvWxMkvZx5lb3ua0lGSutuW+r18r6tem0UUV7J8QS/A2Ca2+Fegx3Gl/wBizKku6x2yL5f75+0jFuRzye/HGK7uvPP2fUtY/g/4eWymmuLUJNskuIRE5/fyZyoZgOc/xH+leh1+FYn+PP1f5n7rhv4FP0X5BRRRXOdIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAa/7Jv8Ayb34Q/65z/8ApTLRR+yb/wAm9+EP+uc//pTLRX3cfhR+fS+JnM/EL/k5q0/7FA/+ltblYfxC/wCTmrT/ALFA/wDpbW5VEhRRRQAUUUUAFIzFVJCliBnaOppaKAPmjxr8P/F3xS8P+L4Y/BupeFfENjqi614b1LUryyaOSdCAq5guJGTcAchgBg9c8VW1zwH430nxD8Lnt/BmqeIZ9Mu7jUtf1eyutPhRp7mLa5RZblHYof8AZxheCTX1BRQB8cfDb4G+LfCviRvDupfBDwHf28d3NLB8S5DaC7WN2ZgzQ+W0zzjdjdvUcda0pvht8TI/hZ4Y8Cx+B47i88N+ILe8XWG1W2S1vbdJncyL8xlV8N8waMdOC1fWtFAHyLe/CDx74r0/492U/hG50mTxNe2+oaPLdX9m0VyYgoMZMcrMhO0kF1UYIyQeKd8SPAvxO8Uahqep2Hw8m8m+8HNof2WbWLJbpJ9w7CQxkf8AbTGO+eK+uKKAPmHw/wCHvHel+NPhFqE3w51k2nh3QZ7HUXW/00mOZ4goUD7X8wyvUccj3x3n7L2h+JPDXgjVdP8AE3hi98M3javdXcUd5c2s/mxyuXUgwTSAEDghsc9MjmvYqKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPEf2tP+RE8O/9jJY/zevJa9a/a0/5ETw7/wBjJY/zevJa+/4d/wB3n6/oj4XiD+PD0/VhVNtPxqS3kUnlsV2SrjIcdvoR61cor6idONS3MttT56jXqUHJ03bmTT80+mv9J2a1RTg0axs5pJ7aytbe5cHM0cKhjn1IwTXXfDnVobPQ/wDhGPFEy32lvIzW94kRV7JmOcrlm+X1Ga52ivn804fwObUVTrR5XF3hKL5ZQl/PG2ikrb2fVO6bT9SlnWPpxnCVTmjPl5ub3rqN0ld62s3oml9yNHxl8P18OaswvbO2ulmj/dXoiVlniPTDY5HtWTa2cFjCsNtBHbwr0jiQKo/AV3PhPxZaT6f/AMI94hDTaPIf3Nx1ezc/xL/s+orH8WeE7vwnqAhnImt5Bvt7qPlJk7EGvJyjMalDF/2Vm8UsUk3GaVo1oreUe0lp7SG6eqvFpjxUqtWgp0aknS091tvlfRW7fyv5bnmWr/Cfwvq3inSvEU2jW76jp8vmYjAjW5U9UlAHzg+9e2eBfG3gHUtTvPC+gnTLHVUhE93osMCwuFYYyUAAb8M15reeINL06Yw3epWlrNjPlzTojY9cE1598TfC+jeLLiy1nSPE1r4c8Y6WRLYavb3KK699jjPzIfQ16mLp4ODdSk4Ka31Sfp5M9jB/21WpqnUjVlTnqtJtPs/PpqfVX/CufCe0L/wjGjbQCAv9nxYweo+73q3H4R0KOa0mTRdPSa0XZbSLaxhoV9EOPlH0rC8M/EbR5PDWlzav4h02O/kiVJnmlS38yUKNxVGbp34JFalr8QvC19cLBbeJdHuJ2+7FFfxMxxycANmvKtg6cuVqKfbS/kevzZ3iKbqJ1ZRV9ffa6p6/en87jk8BeGY5hMnhzSVlVi4kWxiDBj1OdvU+tR/8K58J5Y/8Ixo2WBU/8S+LkHqPu1vQzJcRJJE6yRsMq6HII9QafW31bDtfw19yOH+1cxi/94mn/il/mZen+FdE0m8+12Oj2Fndbdnn29qkb7fTcBnHtUWoeCvD2rXjXd9oOmXl03DT3FnHI5+rFc1s0VfsKTjyOCt2sjFZhjI1PbKtLmta/M727Xve3kYUHgLwzasGh8OaTCwQx5jsYlO09V4XofSr2k6DpmgQvFpenWmmxOcslpAsSkjpkKBV+iiNClTd4QSfohVsfjMRFwrVpST3Tk3t6sK5D4ufaf8AhXuq/ZPsf2j91t+3+T5P+uTO7zv3fTON3fGOcV19cR8apLWP4Zay17DNcWo8nfHbzCJz++jxhirAc4/hP9a0qfAzjh8SO3oooqyDK1PQ/tupWWoQTm2vLYld+3crxn7yMMj8+1KvhXRV1Y6oNHsBqZOTei1Tzs+u/G79a1KKx9jTb5nHrf59/U7ljsTGChGo0knHTT3W72dt1fo9DlPD/gOLSvEGp6xejT7+9upjLFcLYCOaAEYKhy7Ej6YrevND03UbqG6utPtbq5hBEU00Ku8YPUKSMjPtV2ipp4elShyRjpe/fXe+priMyxmKrKvVqPmSUbrS0UrWVrJK339dyjpehabocDw6bp9rp8MjbnjtYFiVj6kKBk1UsPBnh/Sr1ryy0LTbO7YMGuLezjSQhvvZYDPPetmsrWPFmieHZI49V1nT9MkkG5EvLpIiw9QGIyKU4UKcVKaSUdr20/yHQrZhiKk6dCU5SqbpOTcvW2/zJtK0HTNBWYabp1ppwmbfKLWBYt7erbQMn3NZ7/D/AMLySM7eG9IZ2cyMzWERJY9WPy9fekb4ieFV8vd4m0dfMG5M38XzD1Hzc1al8XaHBpsWoya1p8enzHbHdtdRiJz6B84P4GsebBzjy+60vTT/ACO7kzqjU9parGU9L++nJ9FfqRr4J8Orb28A0DSxDbP5kEYs49sTH+JRt+U+4pLjwN4bu7mS5n8P6XNcSP5jzSWUTOzD+Ikrkn3qGP4jeE5Z1hTxPozzM21Y11CIsSegA3da3be6hvIhLBKk0ZJAeNgw44PIpwjhKukFF+lmRWrZxg2p15VYX6tyW7u9+719TEb4f+FpJjM3hrSGmJLGQ2ERYk9TnbU1n4L8PafcwXFroOmW1xAMRSw2caPGPRSFyPwrZorZYagndQV/RHHLNMfOPJKvNra3M9u25lar4T0PXrhJ9S0bT9RnQbVlurWOVlHoCwJqtD4B8MW0iSQ+HNJikjbcjpYxAq3qCF4Nb1FDw9GUuZwV/REwzLG06apQrzUV0Unb7rmbpXhnR9Ckkk03SrHT5Jfvva2yRF+c8lQM81pUUVrGEaa5YKyOStWq4iftK0nKXdu7+9mP4y8z/hEdc8nyfO+wz7PtGzy93ltjfv8Ak2567uMdeKPBvmf8IjofneT532GDf9n2eXu8tc7Nnybc9NvGOnFR+OmiXwT4hM6PJANOuDIkbhGZfKbIDEHBx3wceho8CtE3gnw8YEeOA6dbmNJHDsq+UuAWAGTjvgZ9BR9sj7JuVT1bSrfW9OmsrlSYZRglThlPUEH1BwauUU5RUk4yWjHTqTozVSm7STun2aMdfDFldfYZ9VtbPVdSs12x309qnmLz1UnJU/Q9aLPwb4f03UDf2mhaba3xJJuobONJcnqdwGea2KKy9hSunyq6+/7+/mdjzDF2cVVkk9LJtKz1tZaW1elrGfeeH9L1C8F3dabZ3N0qGITzQI7hD1XcRnB9Kk0vR7DQ7QWum2Ntp9qCWENrCsSZPU7VAGauUVapwUudRV+5hLFV5U/YyqNx7XdtL2020u/vZCLOBbproQRi5Zdhm2DeVznbnrj2pIrG2hMxjt4ozO26XagHmHplvU/Wq2seItK8Oxxyarqdnpkch2o95cJEGPoCxGTWd/wsXwp5SSf8JPo3ludqv/aEWGPoDu5NZSrUKcuWUkn6o7KWCzDEU1UpUpyi9LpSadul12t8hW+HfhVmDHwzo5ZSSCbCLIJ6n7verC+DdAVbRRoemhbQ5tgLSPEJ65Tj5fwp0fi3Q5dNl1FNZ099PibbJdrdRmJD6F84B/GqTfErwijbW8VaKreh1GEH/wBCrn/2KGr5Ff0PRX9vYi8V7aXK2vtuz6rydnr6+ZOfAvhtrn7QfD2lG48zzvN+xRb9/wDeztzn361G3w78KvJJI3hnR2eTO9jYRZbPJydvOa2bW+tr5Ge2uIrhVOC0ThgD1xxU9b/V8PJXUE/kjgeZZjSfK6801p8Ul+pkWPg/QdLuormy0TTrO4iXZHNBaRo6L6AgZA9qNU8H6Drl0LnUtE03ULgLt866tI5Xx6ZYE4rXoq/YUuXk5FbtZGH9oYxVfbe2lz2tfmd7dr3vYwrXwH4aspY5bfw7pMEkedjxWMSlc9cELxmrmk+G9I0DzP7L0uy03zPv/ZLdIt312gZrRoojQpQacYJW8kFXMMZXi41a0pJ73k3frrqFFFFbnnkvwN+0/wDCq9B+1/Y/tGyXd9g8nyf9c+Nvk/u+mM7e+c85ru688/Z9ktZPg/4eayhmt7UpNsjuJhK4/fyZywVQec/wj+teh1+FYn+PP1f5n7rhv4FP0X5BRRRXOdIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAa/7Jv/JvfhD/AK5z/wDpTLRR+yb/AMm9+EP+uc//AKUy0V93H4Ufn0viZzPxC/5OatP+xQP/AKW1uVh/EL/k5q0/7FA/+ltblUSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHiP7Wn/IieHf+xksf5vXktetftaf8iJ4d/7GSx/m9eS19/w7/u8/X9EfC8Qfx4en6sKKKK+sPlgooooAK7Twn4stJtP/AOEe8QhptHkP7mfq9m5/iX29RXF0V4ubZThs5w31fEXTTvGS0lCS2lF9JL8dU002jpw+Inh588PmujXZ+RT+JXhXU/CfjixtY7y1jFxbM1rdSJvjuE3fwfMOcfXHpXM3GpafZeItSilu7WHbp+1laRVGcnIx+P617N4T8WWsunnw94hDTaNKf3U/V7R/7y+3qKyPFvhK68J6gIZis9tKN9vdR8pMnYg/0r4bLamLhjJZVm1RRxN+aErPkrQSs3Fc1lNb1ILbdXjZn6Gs8oQw9OVOg5U40+RpSjGSbnzXcuRtx6RvfrqtUfPnjLwHcarBok2i6pLpd5auLvR9XtZTi0lC5KPg4KH39xXqn7OfxC1XWPD+nx+LNU0K2vlvZo30y3VZLm4lz8k0eJGOCcnARcetaVZniG31uTSb3/hG9Zk0DWpISkN9GiuAeoDKwII/lX0VTIpQaqUanw9LPy0XvLTTRO+llsiv9cKWIVSGJoa1N5KUdX73vSvTl71pK8ouLbTlvJnsfgkfZdQ8Q2MKhLK3vMwovRdwywHoM9veurrwb9mL4vXXim31Dwf4m0ybS/G2kfvL5sO8V6rHAuEc5+96E/TiveazwsXCkovz+Wu3y2PNzOvHE4qVWGztr3skub1la79QooorqPLCiiigArkPi5PNbfD3VZLfVP7FmXytt9ukXy/3yd41L8jjgd+eM119ch8XIJrn4e6rHb6X/bUzeVtsdsjeZ++Q9I2D8Dng9ueM1E/hZcPiR19FFFWQFFFFABRRRQAV538UNT+z6/4VtrbVtP03UnuJDEb4BxymAdm9SeeM56+teiUVy4mi8RSdNO234NPo1+Z6+VY6OW4pYmUOeykrafai463jJNK97Na7HmWpatY6D8QvDMWq6np1veraXDXLGRIgzsB82DjGcd/SsCwVtJ0W3vNFlj1Hw7qlzi4S1kEi21x5v+sGD91v4vQ4Ne2UV50stcpN89t7aaq6it766LXTW59PR4ojRpwgqF7KKknJcsrSqSTUVFcrTneOrty21TaPG9P8XWMPizXlPinQIdPbUl86xuAsk84AwQh8w5OccBCcjqK7fRCLbx5rMFunl209vFdSLjH708E47EjrXW1R0zR4dLe5kR5Jri5ffLNM25mPYdgABwAAAKujg6lKSvK+rfXz01b79LI5sbnmHxlOfLScG4KFrxaduT3naENVy7vmeqWyL1FFFewfFBRRRQAUUUUAY/jKR4vCOuPHdfYZFsZyt1lh5JEbYfKgsMdflBPHFHg2R5fCOhvJdfbpGsYC11lj5xMa5fLAMc9fmAPPNHjKN5fCOuJHa/bpGsZwtrhj5xMbYTCkMc9PlIPPFHg2N4vCOhpJa/YZFsYA1rhh5JEa5TDEsMdPmJPHNR9ov7JsUUUVZAUUUUAFFFFAHB/GLUodP8P2Ae/tNPnk1CHynvCNuQck7dylgO+CKyfFWoR6LceEH13VdMN/JqSyyXMZWBZEAIVgCc4AIHJPXrXqVFeVWwUq05zU7XtbR6Wd++v4WPr8Dn1PB0KOHlR5lBzbd0m+ePKknyNxS3au1J20R41dTJD/AMJD4h8OXMOqW0t1JDqtrZyrJuUgBJQAfvL+o+lMvPFFvY+ML5IvFGg6QBp9tHPHqW1mfAG5AfMG04zwVbr0r2iiuZ5ZL7NS2t9na+t7Wkmr31139T1YcV0tVVw3N7vKnzRbt7llLmpyjLl5bJ8qdml9lHGQzwL460ufTlC2+oWDGUqhQMqY8slSB9AfSuzqja6PDb6lcX5eSa6mATfK2QiDkIoHAGefU9yavV6mHpypqXN1d/6/P5nyOYYmniZU/Z392Kjd7vVv8E1FbaJaLYKKKK6jyQooooAKKKKAJfgbPNc/CvQZLjVP7amZJd19ukbzP3z95FDcDjkduOMV3dcJ8DYJrb4V6DHcaX/YsypLusdsi+X++ftIxbkc8nvxxiu7r8KxP8efq/zP3XC/wKfovyCiiiuc6QooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA1/wBk3/k3vwh/1zn/APSmWij9k3/k3vwh/wBc5/8A0plor7uPwo/PpfEzmfiF/wAnNWn/AGKB/wDS2tysP4hf8nNWn/YoH/0trcqiQooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8R/a0/5ETw7/2Mlj/N68lr1r9rT/kRPDv/AGMlj/N68lr7/h3/AHefr+iPheIP48PT9WFFFFfWHywUUVyfiH4hQaF4msNEj0281K6uF8yVrQIfs8ecBmUsGbnsoJqJzjTV5MuMJTdonWUVzy+OdOOs6tpzpdQPpkAuZ5poGSMof7hPLfgMVmxfFCyk02Sf+ytTS88xI4dNdIhcXG8ZjKfvNmGHPzMMfxYPFQ61NdS1Rm+h2dfNn7cXxr8U6L4V0PwLZX8tvo95vupWjOHODt8sN1C98DrXuzeMtPXwv/bpEwtdufJKfvd2dvl7c/e3cdce+Oa8p+NWj+GvjB4StbfUtO1i11iGaQRQW0UJu7RkGZDIDJsZAOSFc5/hya8TOMJRzDDqEknKLUo3WzWzXZ7pM9LLajw+IU5J8uqZ82fsl/EbWvD/AMUdL0SK6mm0nVJDDNaO5MYJBIcDsRjrX6DV4J+zJ8Ivhx8I/iEkmuyal4nkvIlt4ddjt1htdMklGY8p5hYuR3wQvfaa+mPF3hG68J34ilKz2sw3291HykydiD/SvFyfM4YbFPJ8XeFRrmhe3LNfaUGm7uP2o6Nb2a1O7N4RrtYqgrx2fe/S68+jMS1urrSb5NQ09xFeRjHzfdkX+43t/Krvwd/aSh8deKtQ8H+KNMXwr4xtnZobJpd8N7DniSFyBuOOoqhWNq3hPS9X1rSNZuNPt7nVNImFxZzTLnYw7H1FfU4vCyq2nTdmvxPKwuJjSvGorp/gfSlFeaeGPj/4Z8QeOB4NnebS/En2cTpb3cZSOf1ETnhyPavS68W+rXY9jon3CiiimIK4j41JayfDLWVvZpre1Pk75LeESuP30eMKWUHnH8Q/pXb1yHxc+0/8K91X7J9j+0futv2/yfJ/1yZ3ed+76Zxu74xzioqfAy4fEjr6KKKsgKKKKACiiigAooooAK+Ffjv/AMFGNR8E+P73QPBehaZqNlp0xguL7UjI/nsD8wjVGXaB0yc/Svuqvyg/aK/Y/wDiJ4Z+KGrzaH4Z1PxJoupXT3FreabbtcYDsWKyBMlCCT97j3rzMdOtCCdL5no4KFKc2qp+hn7Ofx6079oPwBHr9pa/2fewyeRe2Jff5MgHZsDKkcivU6+df2IfgVrPwQ+F9zF4hT7NrOr3Au5rMMG8hQuFUkHG7HUdq+iq7KDnKlF1NzlrKEaklT2CiiitzAKKKKACiiigDD8dLE3gnxCJ3eOA6dcCR40Dsq+U2SFJGTjtkZ9RR4FWJfBPh4QO8kA063EbyIEZl8pcEqCcHHbJx6mpPGXmf8Ijrnk+T532GfZ9o2eXu8tsb9/ybc9d3GOvFHg3zP8AhEdD87yfO+wwb/s+zy93lrnZs+Tbnpt4x04qPtl/ZNiiiirICiiqup6pZaLp899qN3BYWNuu+a5upVjjjX1ZmIAHuaBlqiufuPiF4Ws9Ds9an8S6PBo16yra6jJfxLbzljhQkhbaxJ6YNb6OsiqysGVhkMpyCPWldPYLNbi1znxG8a23w58C654mvEMlvplq9wyL/FgcD8TiujrjfF2k6H8aPh3r+hWuqWt/p+oRS2EtxYzrMscg4KkqSMqwGR1qZXs+XcqNrrm2Pzv8N/8ABRj4lx/ECC+1aawuPDctwBLpKWiKsURPJSQDfuA/vEg+lfpzpeoRatptpfW5JguoUmj3DB2soYfoa/MXw3/wTn+JknxAhsNWgsLfw3FcAy6ut4jLLEDzsjB8zcR2ZQB61+nWl6fFpOm2ljBkQWsKQR7uu1VCj9BXm4H2/ve2v8z0cb7D3fY2+RZoqjca5ptpqltps+oWsOo3Ss8FnJMqzSqv3iiE5YDvgcVz2pfGLwFousSaTqHjfw5YarG4iexudWt451c9FKM4YHkcYr03JLdnmqLeyOvorkbf4v8AgO61JdOg8beHZtQab7OtrHq0DSmX+4ED53e2M1LrnxV8FeGb64stY8YaDpN5bqrzW99qcEMkat90srMCAe2aXPHe4+WW1jqaKwfC3j/wx45WdvDfiPSfECwECU6XfRXIjJ6btjHH41vVSaauiWmtGFFFFMQz9n1LWP4P+Hlsppri1CTbJLiEROf38mcqGYDnP8R/pXodcJ8DftP/AAqvQftf2P7Rsl3fYPJ8n/XPjb5P7vpjO3vnPOa7uvwrE/x5+r/M/dcN/Ap+i/IKKKK5zpCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDX/ZN/wCTe/CH/XOf/wBKZaKP2Tf+Te/CH/XOf/0plor7uPwo/PpfEzmfiF/yc1af9igf/S2tysP4hf8AJzVp/wBigf8A0trcqiQooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8R/a0/5ETw7/ANjJY/zevJa9a/a0/wCRE8O/9jJY/wA3ryWvv+Hf93n6/oj4XiD+PD0/VhRRRX1h8sFeYfFrQNU1jXNBm0jRbp9St5Mwa1ZzRRm3BI3JLuIbyyM5ADA+ma9PorGrTVaHI2bUqjpS5kjznUdA1fWPFXiGN9MnhtLvTEt4tQaSHyXlXnG0SGQDPqtZi+HfEU19b+JJNDljvLFoIk0r7RAZZ0RdrsreZsGTyoZhx1weK9ZorF4aLd23+H+XQ1WIkui/r59Ty06ffDw//wAI+LNm13/kLeUs0Rj3eZnyid+4HHG4jbn+KoG8O+IoL+bxHFocsl5qDTxPpf2iES26Ou1GZvM2HB5YKx46ZPFes0UvqsXu3oP6y1skeTaf4D1rS5ItEWz8/T7ie3u5dTWVAkWwfvEKlt5JP3cKRjqRX0b4R8XWrWB8PeIVafRZT+7l6vaP/fX29RXF0V5mZZHhM0wzw1e+6cZJ2lCS2lB9Guj+Tum0XTxlWnUVRfNdGuqfqb3i7wjdeE75Y5Ss9pMN9tdx8pMnYg/0rBrs/CPi61awbw/4gVrjRZj+7l6vaP8A319vUVleLvCN14TvljkZbi0mG+2u4+UmTsQfX2ryMpzbE0cSsmzmyxCTcJpWjWivtR7TX24dPijeL00xGHhKH1nDfB1XWL7Py7P5PU8x+JHwz074jadAk8kthqdnIJrHVLU7Z7WQHIZW/pXvHgzxxpkmk6Vp+oaxGNZKrbFL6VEnuZQvJUcbicZ+UV5vXIfEr4a6d8SdGW2uWez1C2bzrHUrc7ZrWUch1P17V9LisKpp1Ka9/wDMnDYlwap1H7v5H1VRXmPwA17xRqHgtbDxpeWV94hsHML3NqSGuIhwkrqQMMR1xkV6dXja9VY9jTo7hXEfGqS1j+GWstewzXFqPJ3x28wic/vo8YYqwHOP4T/Wu3rkPi5PNbfD3VZLfVP7FmXytt9ukXy/3yd41L8jjgd+eM1FT4GVD4kdfRRRVkBRRRQAV474P8OaF/aHxNs9WjNzozaks1zHfXEkyOPLyQ+9juX/AGDkdsV7FXLzfCvwVcR6kkvg/QZE1Jg98r6ZARdMDkGUbfnOe7ZrOcXJpo0jLlumcd4bhm+Hfwh8RPoMtrAbIXN/pthcoZYrGEjfHC0aupC4BIUEYDVyVv8AGT4hboWvE8MwQ508y/Z7W4kbF3EWVVzKoGw4O453dNo+9Xs9j8PvC2l+HZ9AsvDWj2mg3G7ztLgsIktZM9d0QXac98ispfgn8O0lEq+AvDCyqVIcaPb5BU5XnZ2PT0rF056KLsaqpDXmVz5t8H+LPGeh6kni6S70TU9Vbw6Jb+8nsJUeaFdQMapgTEs+CQHLYUY+U17v4I+JOta34w16w1aPTbXT7eFrixESv5jIGxkyq8kbgd/uOD1jxzWzJ8D/AIczS3MsngDwu8lySZ3bRrYmUk5O47Pm59a2tF8C+G/Dd1c3WkeHtK0u5uY1inmsrKKF5UHRWZVBYDsDSp0pw6lVKkJ9DwmD46fEG81i1sbWHQXW81O3tra4udMuIIpIZS4DLm4LnaVzuZE3dAgB3VneNfiZrHxF+HdzY3aaCj2dvFdags9u+ZmF2I1a3UyHysYzlt/Jxx1r2z/hRnw3N19pPw+8K/aNxfzv7Ftt+4nJOdmck96nk+DfgCWzgtH8D+G3tLdneGBtItzHGzHLlV2YBJ6kdan2VVppsr2lNNNI89+PvhGDxJrPgV4/CHh7xbqga4jitfEIVYXXygdpcwynGedu3BPcdaxvEXwl8IQeLNIs7nwXoMO3wxdGS0FjFJFE4GSq7lPyq2cenavbtQ8B+GtWvtNvb7w7pN7eaaAtjcXFlFJJagdBExXKD/dxUGufDXwj4m1I6jrHhXRNW1Ax+Sbu+06GaXy/7m9lJ2+2cVcqPM27b/12IjV5UkeIad4YstPvvBfg7xPo9tr2lmWK60HUNSt0uSsZjzLbEspwyZ49VPtin/AjwJpei3mn6nL4G8H6Jai6uIrPXrORE1CaUyMFjZfJjxkDAUPJnHaverTwlodhpNvpVroun22l2ylYLKG1jWGIEEEKgG1Ryeg71j6H8H/AfhjVI9S0bwT4c0nUY87Lyx0m3hmXPXDqgI/OkqLTTG6yaaOuooorrOQw/HTRL4J8QmdHkgGnXBkSNwjMvlNkBiDg474OPQ0eBWibwT4eMCPHAdOtzGkjh2VfKXALADJx3wM+gqTxlI8XhHXHjuvsMi2M5W6yw8kiNsPlQWGOvygnjijwbI8vhHQ3kuvt0jWMBa6yx84mNcvlgGOevzAHnmo+2X9k2KKKKsgKw/GniHQfCnh+41bxJc2dppdpiVpr1kCKw+7gtxuz0rcopPbQa31PknxhrnhpfB9hqvh/xBowNze6hdefcTq+lDzox51mJxlRKy8JtJIc4wa9H+I3jKXwr4I+HB0rxL/wg8F/eWtm39oLbuRbtH8wfzl6qADlSuDjORxXt9Fc6otXs9/67nQ6qdrrY+J/Efxi1TxN4PntJfilHdyXNmbiQacbGNrfyLwKW4jJyUwz5O3uFUcHV8G/FxPD2rXy6V8StLvLPVNZ1SOOGSS1ZXYRKY7lnjRmYlgcbF2cH5Gr7DorP6vK9+f8/wDMv28bW5fy/wAjwTSfitfP8BdV1+68VNPeW901t/bdvHZMqfMoysmRblRk/vHVcd4wRg+UWf7RmuSR3ss3xW01DpunLcSwRy6dOJplugm3zRCn3oyS2EGQMqE619pUVcqM3a0/z/zJjVgr3j/X3HzVovxKh8VfGTwk994rtmuze3sKeHmWJDaqYV8plOBI28chmJDfw4rpINQufEH7QHiLTdF8SeHzbwLZ/wBraRcQi4upY1U7lUiXEeCRkNG31Fe40VSpPq+t/wCtSXVXRdLf1ofMOpeJvAniC78WaHqniTRUtLrxRBC8Z1GFGX5cAj5uCGxj0IFS+MvEGo6B4T8Y6f4tvLWwvNN06G0g1i7cLb3qGZTDJlmGWIHzLnOQeea+maKn2L7le2Wmh5f8GfGll4oa9iPjDw14y1OONHN14ZhCxQw9AjkSS4bP8JkJPXAFeoUUVvGLirMwk+Z3QUUUVZAz9n2S1k+D/h5rKGa3tSk2yO4mErj9/JnLBVB5z/CP616HXCfA2ea5+FegyXGqf21MyS7r7dI3mfvn7yKG4HHI7ccYru6/CsT/AB5+r/M/dcN/Ap+i/IKKKK5zpCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDX/ZN/5N78If8AXOf/ANKZaKP2Tf8Ak3vwh/1zn/8ASmWivu4/Cj8+l8TOZ+IX/JzVp/2KB/8AS2tysP4hf8nNWn/YoH/0trcqiQooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8R/a0/wCRE8O/9jJY/wA3ryWvWv2tP+RE8O/9jJY/zevJa+/4d/3efr+iPheIP48PT9WFFFFfWHywUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFdn4R8XWpsW8P8AiBWuNEmP7uTq9o/99T6eorjKK8XNspw2c4b6tiU1ZpxknaUJLaUX0kuj+Tum0dOHxE8NPnh810a7PyN7xd4RuvCd8scjLcWcw3213HykydiD6+1YNdn4R8XW32FvD/iBWuNEmPySdXtH/vr7eorK8XeEbnwnfKjstxZzDfbXcfKTJ2IPr7V4WU5tiaGJWTZy0sRZuE0rRrRX2o9pr7cOnxRvF6dWIw8JQ+s4b4Oq6xfZ+XZ/J6nF+KNDm8QaLeWdpql7ol3NGUj1DT5jFNET3DA5x7Vrfs2/EvxlqN5qHgjx1YzXWr6TEHg8QxR/uL+DOFLHtJ6+tFCST2txHdWkxt7yLmOUDOPYjuD3FfTYnCKs1Ui7SX4kYfFOinCSvF/ge91yHxcgmufh7qsdvpf9tTN5W2x2yN5n75D0jYPwOeD254zXknwp/aS1NPHVx4G+JkNppOtXErPo+qW4MdpqEZPEYyTtkHoTzXqfxqS1k+GWsrezTW9qfJ3yW8Ilcfvo8YUsoPOP4h/Svn5SUoyXVHvRjaUX0Z29FFFbGIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAGP4yjeXwjriR2v26RrGcLa4Y+cTG2EwpDHPT5SDzxR4NjeLwjoaSWv2GRbGANa4YeSRGuUwxLDHT5iTxzUfjpYm8E+IRO7xwHTrgSPGgdlXymyQpIycdsjPqKPAqxL4J8PCB3kgGnW4jeRAjMvlLglQTg47ZOPU1H2y/sm5RRRVkBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAS/A2Ca2+Fegx3Gl/2LMqS7rHbIvl/vn7SMW5HPJ78cYru688/Z9S1j+D/AIeWymmuLUJNskuIRE5/fyZyoZgOc/xH+leh1+FYn+PP1f5n7rhv4FP0X5BRRRXOdIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAa/wCyb/yb34Q/65z/APpTLRR+yb/yb34Q/wCuc/8A6Uy0V93H4Ufn0viZzPxC/wCTmrT/ALFA/wDpbW5WH8Qv+TmrT/sUD/6W1uVRIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeI/taf8iJ4d/7GSx/m9eS161+1p/yInh3/ALGSx/m9eS19/wAO/wC7z9f0R8LxB/Hh6fqwooor6w+WCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK7Pwj4uthYt4f8QK1xokx+STq9q/99Pb1FcZRXjZtlOGznDPDYlPdOMk7ShJbSi+kl0fyd02jpw+Inh588PmujXZ+Rv8Ai7wjc+E75UdlubKYb7a7j5SVOxB9fasCuz8I+LrZbFtA19WudEmPyP1e1f8Avp7eorL8XeEbnwnfKjstzZTDfbXkfKSp2IPr7V4GU5ticPiVk2cte3s3CaVo1orqu019uHT4o3i9OrEYeEofWcN8HVdYv/Ls/k9TlbzS7e8urK7aGJr2xlE9rPJGHMUg7jNUvHn7SFvNNP4I1LS10fWr6KE6fqGp+Q2n3svmpujUy/IGxkgP3xjnFbFcF8bvD+leIPh3qKaratcRxGNo2hcRyxOXUB0cq20jPXFfS47D+0pylB2kvxFgsR7Oooy1TPriivK/Dnxe8LeEdN8P6Br+rrpOozFLC1F/Kzm5YDAIkPr6sRzxXqleO9G4vdHrLVKS2YUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAGP4y8z/hEdc8nyfO+wz7PtGzy93ltjfv+Tbnru4x14o8G+Z/wiOh+d5PnfYYN/2fZ5e7y1zs2fJtz028Y6cVH46aJfBPiEzo8kA064MiRuEZl8psgMQcHHfBx6GjwK0TeCfDxgR44Dp1uY0kcOyr5S4BYAZOO+Bn0FR9sv7JuUUUVZAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAEvwN+0/8Kr0H7X9j+0bJd32DyfJ/wBc+Nvk/u+mM7e+c85ru688/Z9ktZPg/wCHmsoZre1KTbI7iYSuP38mcsFUHnP8I/rXodfhWJ/jz9X+Z+64b+BT9F+QUUUVznSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAGv8Asm/8m9+EP+uc/wD6Uy0Ufsm/8m9+EP8ArnP/AOlMtFfdx+FH59L4mcz8Qv8Ak5q0/wCxQP8A6W1uVh/EL/k5q0/7FA/+ltblUSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHiP7Wn/IieHf+xksf5vXktetftaf8iJ4d/wCxksf5vXktff8ADv8Au8/X9EfC8Qfx4en6sKKKK+sPlgooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArsvCPi+2WxbQNfVrnQ5j8r9XtX/vp7eorjaK8bNspw2c4Z4bEp7pxknaUJLaUX0kuj+Tum0dOHxE8NPnh810a7PyN/xd4RufCd6is63NjON9teR8pKnYg+vtXnvxEmlg8Hag8N/wD2ZIPLxdbnXZ+8XugLc9OB39K9V8I+L7aOxfQNfRrnQ5z8rdXtX/vp/UV5l+0ZFp/w30G4tNSvtNuYr4RyWC3NzsF4nmryoDqxI64B7V81l+b4nC1Hk+dNKuk3Ce0a0V1X8s19uHT4o3i9PRlhoVHHEYVXjdXW7i/1XZ/J6kPjrwJpHxE8Pz6RrFuJoJOUccPE/Z1PYivQP2d5NX0LwevhzxJ4hGu6hYMy21xNFsla2H3AzZO8gcZ61z8cizRq6MHRhlWU5BHqKy/FPhmy8YaDeaTfhzbXMZjZo3KOM9wR0r6/EYWNb95Fe9+fqceHxMqX7uT93+tj6Qor56/Zp1zx1oOqXvgXxTt1nSLCESaV4geZRNJFnAhkQnLMo/i9OtfQteEr/aVme27fZd0FFFFMQUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAcFq2ta9a/F7SNLi1GBdEu9Onk+x/ZAX85ejtJuyR/sgL9TR4R/4STTfHur6XqOuSeI9K+yR3Kzz28MT2c5YjyV8pFyhX5hv3Nx941pat4AGreNtP8AEo13VLOeyt3t47O3Fubdg/UtvhZ8/RwOOlV/Bfw3m8H6ldXkni3XteFwzSG31M2ojV2PLfuYI2Y44G8sB2xWFpc3zN7x5fkcpN+0lpkV3d2w8J+KJLi3ubmz2x2tuVlmgG6RVfz9uNvzbiQo6EhuK4/Xv2h9b1HxTaLpWj6xZ6Pa6tp8JNvFaTtqMNxEzGIrvZ1bIGCu3GDuYV2sn7PNs93JOnjTxNDvu7q8KILArvuF2yjm0JxtwBzxjrVW3/ZosLG6sJ7Xxl4nt2tJLafC/YCJZYFKxSNutTyFYjC4U+lYyVd/0jaLor+mLq3x80jW9HFhY2urWV9qem3EqzbIydOIDpvmEUjOArKSXjV1GB82cCmzfHzTfA9lpGl6np2sarcnSI7pNQhMAW+Kwh3MQnmjlc4ydxQLngsDxUGrfs92el+FXQa94g8QJpqXF5b6ZefZmjnlKuQuIoEdcliMxMjHOMmoz+znYeLNNtdQl1zXvDU99Y2/2nT9PS0CxMIBGUzPbyS8KSuGc49jR+++Yv3XyN3T/j7pWuafMbbRPEEF+/kLa2D28C3VwJo96SRq0u0ADJPmFcY6HIzh/wDCZeIdR/ZvfxGNd1HT9biRpTfRWdu1wQsxXa0RhZCdvGFTORxWpb/s62VreC8Txh4m+3RpbJbXQezV7fyF2IVC2wVvl+UhwwPpnmthPg3bQ/DN/BUfiTXEs2kLnUM2rXeC+8pkwFMbv9jPvVWqu/N2Yr0la3dHns2veIbrwPDrGk/EPxYyyavDYsdY0WxtLheQJB5b2aHac5BZA3virUnjLxP4budf0PWvFF61reXE1voniH7NarcxTxgEwSAQeSSw5UmPnBHJ5r0nxd8Nx4w8PaZpM3iLV7FbGWOb7VaLa+bOyfd374GXr/dVaqr8I7G80HWtH1rV9T8RWWqXH2lxqC2yNBJwcxGGGPHIB5yaPZzvo/x/4Ic8Lar8P+AeXTeJtesvHE2kXvxE8ZoGt7KS2+w6BZXEG+VcsJpVsSka5/vOhweDX0TCrpCiyP5jhQGfGNx7nHavOp/g3cf25f6nY+PfFGkm9ijgltrNdP8AL8tF2qqs9ozrx3DbuevSvQ7S3FnawwB5JREioJJmLO2BjLE9T6mtKcZRvzf1+JnUlF2t/X4EtFFFbmAUUUUAFFFFABXn/wAY/Cfh7xT4dMOsWEV/fuDFpgl+Zorg/dljB4V1OG3jkAda9Arn/FPw98K+OWgPiTwzo/iAwZER1SwiufLz1271OPwqJrmi0XB8skzwXULW3i+Mei6jPcQ60lrNp9nceIbdw91Y3AiIEAyctDOQSxXoR8wPWuy+KfxQ8Z+EfF+pWWix6FcabZ6TFqZS/hmExYziIx71kxg7s7tvy46PXpf/AAgfhn+1rLVP+Ed0n+07GMQ2l79hi863jAwEjfbuVcdgQKra98MfB3iq+lvdb8J6HrF5LGIpLi/02GeR0HRSzqSQPSsPZSSfK92b+0i2uZbHzv8AEXxl408VzXGg6nqGiixjg1e31C0h0uRobtY7cSJw05wVzwTkZG7H8I3tF+LHjfw/4PXTkttEnvrCz0+SExwSOqW72+4qyGZXlYYGWjGQM4ibFeuS/BP4eT2r2svgLwxJbPIJmhbR7coXA2hiNmM44z1xVHXPhr8K/C2jX+o6t4S8I6ZpiRD7VcXOl20cexeQGJTBA7D8qz9lUTcr/iX7WDSjb8DntN+MXirwv8DfAF7o+o6d4k1W9tZLy7keyvLtriISHcUMr25iVc43zHdwAI2PFWdL/aN8aWLyahrlv4fm0YXmo2UcdlbzxTE28SyI7u8zKi/Nhhhs43Ar92qf7PHj74F/HTwPoHhFrTwnrOr6OkvlaDfaf5gth5j/AOoFyrFhtIJ2E4z2HFe36Z8DfhvotxbT6f8AD7wtYT2zmSCS10W2jaJiMFlKoNpIJGRX5FXlCNSanHW7/M/XaEZypwcJaWX5HBfBCO51Tx98Q5dZXQ7yfUbfT55zpFuY4JlktyfnRmck7Tgksd3XAziuA+EPwd0Wbwzrt5ffDDwXZaVHZ34tNZsoke9uW8xwY5k8lNq7QMLukHA5HSvo3w/8MPBvhP7YdD8JaHoxvIzFc/2fpsMHnoc5V9ijcOTwfWn6Z8NfCOi+HrrQdP8ACui2GhXe77Rplrp0MdtNnrviVQrZ75Fc/tlrbrb8Dp9i9L9L/ifOHg/4Yw6DZ+FfEfgTRLHTvEGn+HluZbOwt47ddVj84rJBNtUbyV+6T0OMYzWTdeA/Cfi638Hap4b+Gng/WZ9Q1jUHGna5aRWkTfuwWSRlt5TlWzxsIznkda+nNB+EngbwrqVtqGi+C/D2j39tGYYLqw0qCCWJD1VXRAVB9AcUniT4ReBfGUkT+IPBXh3XHhLGNtS0qC4Kbjlsb0OMnk461ft1e5H1d2toHwt0rTtC8G2unafp2l6N9lZo7jTNHdWtrSfOXiUDhcZ6YHXoOldbWd4f8N6R4T0qHTND0uy0bTYf9VZ6fbpBCmeu1EAA/AVo1xyd22dkVZJBRRRSKCiiigDX/ZN/5N78If8AXOf/ANKZaKP2Tf8Ak3vwh/1zn/8ASmWivu4/Cj8+l8TPOvjl4407wP8AtJaZPqNtrFyk/hNkQaPot5qbgi8z8y2sUhQe7ACqX/DQHhj/AKBfjb/wg9c/+Q66z4hf8nNWn/YoH/0trcqiTzf/AIaA8Mf9Avxt/wCEHrn/AMh0f8NAeGP+gX42/wDCD1z/AOQ69IooA83/AOGgPDH/AEC/G3/hB65/8h0f8NAeGP8AoF+Nv/CD1z/5Dr0iigDzf/hoDwx/0C/G3/hB65/8h0f8NAeGP+gX42/8IPXP/kOvSKKAPN/+GgPDH/QL8bf+EHrn/wAh0f8ADQHhj/oF+Nv/AAg9c/8AkOvSKKAPN/8AhoDwx/0C/G3/AIQeuf8AyHR/w0B4Y/6Bfjb/AMIPXP8A5Dr0iigDzf8A4aA8Mf8AQL8bf+EHrn/yHR/w0B4Y/wCgX42/8IPXP/kOvSKKAPN/+GgPDH/QL8bf+EHrn/yHR/w0B4Y/6Bfjb/wg9c/+Q69IooA83/4aA8Mf9Avxt/4Qeuf/ACHR/wANAeGP+gX42/8ACD1z/wCQ69IooA83/wCGgPDH/QL8bf8AhB65/wDIdH/DQHhj/oF+Nv8Awg9c/wDkOvSKKAPN/wDhoDwx/wBAvxt/4Qeuf/IdH/DQHhj/AKBfjb/wg9c/+Q69IooA+Wv2mPjFoPiLwj4dtbWw8VRSjxDZPuvvCOrWkeAW/jmtlXPPTOa82b4iaUq3TG013FswV8eH78kknHyDyPnHuuRjnpX0B+1p/wAiJ4d/7GSx/m9eS195w/zfV58r69vJeZ8Rnzj7eHMun6+hzi+PtMe4t4Ra63vnjEik6DfBQME4ZjDhTx91iD045qH/AIWTpP2P7T9k1/y/M8vb/wAI7qG/OM52eRux/tYx2zmupor6m1Tuvu/4J8xen2f3/wDAOcbx9piXFxCbXW98EZkYjQb4qRgHCsIcMefuqSevHFMX4iaUy2rC013FyxVM+H78EEHHzjyPkHu2BjnpXTUUWqd193/BC9Ps/v8A+Acy3xE0pVumNpruLZgr48P35JJOPkHkfOPdcjHPSnr4+0x7i3hFrre+eMSKToN8FAwThmMOFPH3WIPTjmujootU7r7v+CF6fZ/f/wAA5b/hZOk/Y/tP2TX/AC/M8vb/AMI7qG/OM52eRux/tYx2zmpm8faYlxcQm11vfBGZGI0G+KkYBwrCHDHn7qknrxxXR0UWqd193/BC9Ps/v/4BzK/ETSmW1YWmu4uWKpnw/fggg4+ceR8g92wMc9KG+ImlKt0xtNdxbMFfHh+/JJJx8g8j5x7rkY56V01FFqndfd/wQvT7P7/+Ac4vj7THuLeEWut754xIpOg3wUDBOGYw4U8fdYg9OOah/wCFk6T9j+0/ZNf8vzPL2/8ACO6hvzjOdnkbsf7WMds5rqaKLVO6+7/ghen2f3/8A5xvH2mJcXEJtdb3wRmRiNBvipGAcKwhwx5+6pJ68cUxfiJpTLasLTXcXLFUz4fvwQQcfOPI+Qe7YGOeldNRRap3X3f8EL0+z+//AIBzLfETSlW6Y2mu4tmCvjw/fkkk4+QeR8491yMc9Kevj7THuLeEWut754xIpOg3wUDBOGYw4U8fdYg9OOa6OuK+Inj668H3Wi2VjZW95e6nOYoxeXBgjOBkqGCtlyOgqKkpU480pK3o/wDM0hGNSXLGLv6r/Iuf8LJ0n7H9p+ya/wCX5nl7f+Ed1DfnGc7PI3Y/2sY7ZzX5wfF7xPqniz4h63e6rJO0/wBodEjnVkMaA4VdrYK8Y4wMV+kU3jKW28V2WjXGlS28VxZvdNeSTIVQr1TaCSSPXgema+ePjD8OfC3xAN/4jvNGk0TV7hFmsJYdRCpqI80R4nVo/wB2x/2c8YOSeK+ezihPFUkoyV4t6Wa6fM97Ka0MNVblF+8t7p/5F/8AY7+IF3a/DqSx1iDWLi0jvPJsJ7fSrq6iCkfMpkijZVwezEYHtXvDfETSlW6Y2mu4tmCvjw/fkkk4+QeR8491yMc9K1vgf4w0D4e/DO/8LapoS6f4f00yCextZ/tD28wGfNikYKXLccsFz6CsfxB4o1fw68dnc6HB/a94YZNOt49Q3wTwyruR2mEeUIH3wEbaeBu615uW5tWw+IeVZglCerpvVqpDy2anHaUGuzV09MsZh4YhyxVBNpvVXSs/8n3v6j18fac13aLDFrsF06iaCddCvl8vgkZYw7VPH3WIPYjmsP4W/tU6z4U8XXPh/wCIMetato99Ox0nxAPD93DMWPIt3txCHY+hRT70r/FWSSOB7XR/PEMfnamrXQU2i79hCfKRI2ecEp8vOc8V3fy3CwzxOVdSJYZk6qeoYGvpK1H63rCeq8n/AJ/8McdGt9V0nDR+a/yPUZPinosd1dW5svEhktojK7L4Y1MoVABwji32u3I+VST1GODUa/FrQ2SyYWPibF4xSPPhXVAVIYL+8H2b92Mnq+0Ec9Oa8tb9qCbwb8QNO0HxtpUem6BfosVp4kikLRNcZxtlXH7sHsa+g45FljV0YOjDKspyCD3FeR73M4X1Xl/wT1vd5VK2j8zjm+LWhql6xsfE2LNgkmPCuqEsSxX92Ps37wZHVNwA56c1JH8U9FkurW3Fl4kElzEJUZvDGphApBOHc2+1G4PysQegxyK6+in73f8AD/givHt/X3HEf8Lh0H7B9s+weKfK83ytv/CI6t5m7Gc+X9m3bcfxYxnjOasSfFPRY7q6tzZeJDJbRGV2XwxqZQqADhHFvtduR8qknqMcGuvootPv+H/BC8e39fccYvxa0NksmFj4mxeMUjz4V1QFSGC/vB9m/djJ6vtBHPTmhvi1oapesbHxNizYJJjwrqhLEsV/dj7N+8GR1TcAOenNdnRRaff8P+CF49v6+45CP4p6LJdWtuLLxIJLmISozeGNTCBSCcO5t9qNwflYg9BjkVX/AOFw6D9g+2fYPFPleb5W3/hEdW8zdjOfL+zbtuP4sYzxnNdvRRaff8P+CF49v6+45CT4p6LHdXVubLxIZLaIyuy+GNTKFQAcI4t9rtyPlUk9Rjg1Gvxa0NksmFj4mxeMUjz4V1QFSGC/vB9m/djJ6vtBHPTmuzoo97v+H/BC8e39fccY3xa0NUvWNj4mxZsEkx4V1QliWK/ux9m/eDI6puAHPTmpI/inosl1a24svEgkuYhKjN4Y1MIFIJw7m32o3B+ViD0GORXX0Ue93/D/AIIXj2/r7j8zv2/vj9q/irxfa+FdKn1bS/DcFsk0tvd2Vzp73Mjc5eKZEcgdBkYqf/gnt8cNc0PxhqPhXUbrUdS8Nmxku0tooZrx7Zkwf3UUas53ZxtUH6V9U/tWfss6B8eNDbV5ruTR/EGl20jQXsezy5FCltku4gYyPvFht+lJ+yn+yvoHwH0VdYiu31nxDqltG016+zy4lIDbItpYYyfvBju+leP9Xr/W/aX0/rQ9f6xQ+q8ltf61PT1+LWhslkwsfE2LxikefCuqAqQwX94Ps37sZPV9oI56c0N8WtDVL1jY+JsWbBJMeFdUJYliv7sfZv3gyOqbgBz05rs6K9i0+/4f8E8i8e39fcchH8U9FkurW3Fl4kElzEJUZvDGphApBOHc2+1G4PysQegxyKr/APC4dB+wfbPsHinyvN8rb/wiOreZuxnPl/Zt23H8WMZ4zmu3ootPv+H/AAQvHt/X3HISfFPRY7q6tzZeJDJbRGV2XwxqZQqADhHFvtduR8qknqMcGo1+LWhslkwsfE2LxikefCuqAqQwX94Ps37sZPV9oI56c12dFHvd/wAP+CF49v6+44xvi1oapesbHxNizYJJjwrqhLEsV/dj7N+8GR1TcAOenNSR/FPRZLq1txZeJBJcxCVGbwxqYQKQTh3NvtRuD8rEHoMciuvoo97v+H/BC8e39fccR/wuHQfsH2z7B4p8rzfK2/8ACI6t5m7Gc+X9m3bcfxYxnjOasSfFPRY7q6tzZeJDJbRGV2XwxqZQqADhHFvtduR8qknqMcGuvootPv8Ah/wQvHt/X3HGL8WtDZLJhY+JsXjFI8+FdUBUhgv7wfZv3Yyer7QRz05ob4taGqXrGx8TYs2CSY8K6oSxLFf3Y+zfvBkdU3ADnpzXZ0UWn3/D/ghePb+vuOQj+KeiyXVrbiy8SCS5iEqM3hjUwgUgnDubfajcH5WIPQY5FV/+Fw6D9g+2fYPFPleb5W3/AIRHVvM3Yzny/s27bj+LGM8ZzXb0UWn3/D/ghePb+vuOQk+Keix3V1bmy8SGS2iMrsvhjUyhUAHCOLfa7cj5VJPUY4NRr8WtDZLJhY+JsXjFI8+FdUBUhgv7wfZv3Yyer7QRz05rs6KPe7/h/wAELx7f19xxjfFrQ1S9Y2PibFmwSTHhXVCWJYr+7H2b94Mjqm4Ac9Oa+Vf+Cinji4174U6Ha6Pba7Fp8l0txftdaLe2sIjKnyw7yxKobdn5Cdw9K+3aoa9oGm+KNJudL1ext9S065QpNa3UYeN1PYg1jWpyq03C+/8AXc2o1I0qinbY/F39nc64Pjh4K/4Rzzv7X/tSHyvs+d+Nw39P9ndX7418+fsq/s6eAvh14T03xJpnhjTbfxPdJL5+pQz/AGo/61wBG+90QbQAfLx0we9fQdfj2YVlVq8qXw6H7Bl1F0qXM38VmFFFFeYeqFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAGv+yb/AMm9+EP+uc//AKUy0Ufsm/8AJvfhD/rnP/6Uy0V93H4Ufn0viZzPxC/5OatP+xQP/pbW5WH8Qv8Ak5q0/wCxQP8A6W1uVRIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeI/taf8AIieHf+xksf5vXktetftaf8iJ4d/7GSx/m9eS19/w7/u8/X9EfC8Qfx4en6sKKKK+sPlgooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAriPi14a1Xxb4dXTNPsdP1CGaRfOjvp3hMeOkisqtyDzjAPHBrt6KzqQVSLg9maU5unJTXQ4NfCOtp4h0CST7Hd6dZ6e1nc3El1Itw7MuCVTyyD+Lg1xfjrwHqtr4MvZ9TNnMmkxJFpq28zgzHz1YPLlPk6hdo3+ue1e4VznxEmlg8Hag8N//AGZIPLxdbnXZ+8XugLc9OB39K5K2Hh7OT8n+X/AOqjiJ+0j6r8/+CYEeh6sLa60/ULW3a6195ZLqW0lleKzwvyBWMQDgerFCewNaOh+H/EJjjuNUXSbnUbeWBba3a7lW3EcalTulERZC+cnEbbcYG7rXY0VzYzK8Pj6Xsq99NU07NNbNNapp6pjp4ypRlzQt5+fl6dDi/FfwD8TeCWiihutOu7TWrcC8v1kfy+X3l4Pk+cgfLtbZ/e9q7GCFbeGOJPuRqFXPoBiu08IeMLeGzfQteRrrQrg8d3tm/vp/UVneL/CFx4VvE+dbrT7gb7W8j5SVf8favmsnzGvgsV/Y+b2Vf/l3NaRrRXVdqi+3D/t6N47dWKgq9P6xQ+HqusX5912fyeu/GeJfDOmeLtHuNL1a0jvbKddrxSrkfX2NdBa/Hnwr8JdE0HR/Ewk0a3aRLC2uoYHa1VQMKXYZ2Dsc1SrN8SeG9O8W6LdaVqtrHeWNwhSSKQZH19jX2GJw/totx0l0Zx4fEexklLWPY+ioZo7iFJYnWWKRQySIQVZSMggjqKfXhvwDaw+Efg2bw7rHiSeSxs5HltLjV5kWOC3zxGrnHC/7R+le3wzx3UMc0MiyxSKHSRCCrKRkEEdQRXg2lHSasz27xlrB3Q+iiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAw/HTRL4J8QmdHkgGnXBkSNwjMvlNkBiDg474OPQ0eBWibwT4eMCPHAdOtzGkjh2VfKXALADJx3wM+gqTxlI8XhHXHjuvsMi2M5W6yw8kiNsPlQWGOvygnjijwbI8vhHQ3kuvt0jWMBa6yx84mNcvlgGOevzAHnmo+2X9k2KKKKsgKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigBn7PslrJ8H/DzWUM1valJtkdxMJXH7+TOWCqDzn+Ef1r0OuE+Bs81z8K9BkuNU/tqZkl3X26RvM/fP3kUNwOOR244xXd1+FYn+PP1f5n7rhv4FP0X5BRRRXOdIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAa/7Jv/ACb34Q/65z/+lMtFH7Jv/JvfhD/rnP8A+lMtFfdx+FH59L4mcz8Qv+TmrT/sUD/6W1uVh/EL/k5q0/7FA/8ApbW5VEhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXL/E7Udd0bwHrWpeHLnT7bVbG1kuo21S0kuYGCIWKlEljbnGM7uPQ11Fcd8YNUXSvhl4lf7HqF/JNYT28VvpdhNezvI8bKoEcKM3UjnGB3NAFL4F+JfEvjT4Z6J4h8UXOlT3+qW6Xax6RYy2sUKsMhCJJpSxH97I+lb2pfETwpo3iC20HUPE2j2OuXP8AqNMub+KO5l/3YmYM34CvFPhX8XJfDfwi8GeHLPwl4wm8UR2tvZPa3nhPU7eCB+A7SzyQJGFUZ5D+lchrfhvVv+ER+KHgLXPB+sar4k17VZrvSdXt9NluLW5DlTDIbpVKQGLH/LRkIxxmgD6Jk+M3w/hfVUk8deGkfScf2iravbg2eTged8/7vnj5sc1oWPxG8J6lJpEdn4n0a7fWIzNpqwahE5vUHVoQG/eKPVcivD/EHw78R6D8QtJt7Owub+z8X+Hk0TX76CMyRW88KAfaJD23LuXJ5JNb37N/hnxJo1vcaV4lsry3TwqZNG0y4ulO28g3blnQnr8hCFu+KAPc6KKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPEf2tP+RE8O/wDYyWP83ryWvWv2tP8AkRPDv/YyWP8AN68lr7/h3/d5+v6I+F4g/jw9P1YVzupSSaldapF500MFnBwIZWjLOVJySpB4x610VZV5ov2i+lkB/cXMfl3CB2RiB0IZec9q9rHU6lWEYwV1fVd1Z2+V7N+RjkeJw+FrzqVnZ8vuu17NSi3bbVwUktVq1qtzndKuHtdEkvpLTVS0cK7hNfswmz1YZdtuPbB9q0P+EwliuWjbTmS1iljieeScE/OMggAEn8SK1zoNmdL/ALOKym0xt2efJux6bt27H41VPg/S2Ykx3BJdXP8Apk33l+6fv9q8WOBzHDwhDDTirJX21et/sbbdno9m9fs557w7mFWtVzKhOTlKXLbmdovktvXVpWU9HzJXS1SSUWh+KX1q8eMafPDbkEx3DI+04OOSUC5/3S1Mm8VTw3XktYowF19mJWfn7uQQCo/LI+tadjoNlps7S28bozEnaZXZFJ6lVJwufYCq954W067uWuntvNuN3mBXlcRlwOCVztz74rqdHNFQivaLnT17Nf8AgL/L5nlxxfC8sfUl9WmqDilFatqfd/vVo+9+nwlbRfFE+pzWiz6f9kjukdom88O2VPIYAcfmah/4SK/h1S/gkt7d1WaOG2UTFcswz8x2cD35+lWPC/hwaPao9xGv20BlLJO8qAEk/KGAC/gBVy68OafeTTyyxOXmxv2zOoyOjABsBh6jms6VLM6mGpydS073d7LTltZ+5vza7aedtenE4rhrD5liKcMPehblVry95VL80b1b2cFa/Pd9o82iWOoT6pZ3UZjFneRFomAfeqtjgg4GR+Arn/C7Swx6pY3E91DqK72djIZEf/ppGzZ/Lj6d66q3063tbVrdEJibO7zHLls9SWJJJ9yaqWPhmx08XPlLKWuMh3eZ2bb/AHQxOQPpW1XB4qpUo1G03FSUnfuulktfNW9Ohx4bOMsoYfG4eMJRhUcHBKKdnF9XKb93f3XzdPevq8OxnuL7TdAtJbqcLcq5mmWVlkfbnA3DnP0NVIdSvdRt5mluZozZ2xliMcjJ5jBiAzYPzDAxg5FdQvhrT10+OxEUn2eM7k/fyb1Ps+7cPzp1x4d0+6WBXt/lhXaio7KNvocEbh7HNcLyvGOKTmtknq9bKK7bJpyT3bfTc92PE+TxqTkqUrOcpL3IXinOcrpc9rzjKNOSvZRirOWiVHVLma6j0eEyPCt2w85onMbY25wGHIyfQ5rGt7271Dfby3U8aWkEsiOkrI0jKxCkkH5seh4PeulfQYrn7Qty7zRySCRFWR1MWBj5Tuyv/AcfSlm8OadcQQQtb4jgGECSMvHcEg5IPoc5ratgMXXm53Xo29bWVnZPTTm9Xa25xYLPcpwNGNDlbad7qK91vmbavJXl7yptOytFSTeiOYi1S8vIX1CSaVJ4ZIY1hR2VCrAbsoDg5znJ6dq6TSbiSO+vrCSRpvIKsjucttYZwT3xU0uh2Ut4l2YMzpjGHYJx90lQdpI7Ejil02we3kuLidla5uGBbZnaoHAUZ9q1wuDxOHqxc5X1d3d6rXfzbcdNfh3OXNM4y3MMLONGnye6uWNkuWV4aRav7sUqju+W7nqr6l6uc+IkMs/g7UEhsP7TkPl4tdrtv/eL2QhuOvB7eldHXLfFBbd/Aupi6lkhg/dbnhjEjD96mMKWUHnHcV7tb+HL0Z8BR/iR9UdTRRRWxiY99I99rUWniSSKFYTPKYnKM3OAuRyPwroPhj4stofBUuieJ5L2+0G5lbdJ9pkM9s2/AeN92RjjIBrIvNPkfULe9gZRLGDG6vnDIe2R3BqNPDenx3JmWKQEv5nl+dJ5W718vdtz+FfD5xw/DO4zpYmN9XZ3acX7vLODSdpQafbd9G7/AKPgs8wuBwdOjCcor3JWik3zQc+ZSvKPx80Wpe9ZJK146bHjnSdS8B6rBHJZrdaDcOqWmqx3G7zlb7pxjqO4Jz9a5nVteu9M1sRmKJrBbYyt+8IcnOOm3+tdz8PNcNmuoaN4qgivvD13c+dCFkaR7R+gkTKjaR7VD48+G0Wj6lDPOPt1lNGfst5HIwjmjPYgHBPsa8HK8wzanU/sfNKnLiL3pTaUY1YReu0dJpWcqdv70Xyv3eqrLIsPiI1nQU6Sg1Plbl70kmnrUeqd1zJ2T+zda8XcQweLrW90TXNNhaGaEM0Qk81HRuOpUEEfT8ag/Zr0jxB4B8ba74MuPEEl74RNqr6SLm5f7RaEk/uowQVwB9K3tP0m20tWFurgtgFpJXkbA6DLEnHt0qGTw/ZyXVxc4mW4nXa7rcSD6YG7Cke1fa1sDiK1Om5tOcW7u/Sz0uoq/Tojw6eZZbRxFf2EZQpSilFJX95ON21KbsrKWnNLW3Tb1/wdYTWesav9n1C7vtHyiRfbLl7hhKB+82s5Jx7ZxnpWNN8VNT/tJ7WHwuxUXslgjTX6IzSKMg4VWAXHU5yOwNeFfCnWPFnwZ+KiaRfrqvjLwl4gm8mzvWlkuLnTHJ3bGBJHlZ7jpX0g/wAL/D0lw05hvvNadrncNUuh+8YYLDEvBx6V8zPD42EFSovkabuvV30vF6dj6/D5lktbE1MRmFOVWMoxUXbW6Vry5asNXpdtu+uiM6D4lXmo6dDcafo8NxKtoby7glvTGYkDFSEPlne3BPO0e9VV+LVxcXjiDQGWwW4gt/tVxdqjN5q5QhFVvxyR/St2H4Y+HYILaKO1uEW3DKhF/cbipOSjN5mXTP8ACxI9qLj4ZeHrq4lnktroPJKk7LHqFyib0+4QqyBRjsAMVm6OaNL94r9du3+Dv/wLbHXHG8JxnNPDTcXe2juveVv+XyTtG9uz0al8RwkfjLxRNNoWozRpLI095H9ht7zZBIqLkNIfKBGMejeuM11mnfEqTUNR0iD+yhBBqKIyTzXOwbiCSqbkAkIx0Vt3+zjmrh+Fvh0ypJ5N8pRndFXVLoKpcYfCiXAz3wKl0/4beH9LmtpLe2uAbcqY0kvriRMrnaSjOVYjJwSDis6OFzKlL+Imm1fW+yS/k62Z047NuGMXT0w0lJKSjaPKldzavatra8dbX0aelrUfGXxGbwnrFnZiwiu45tu9vtW2VdzYysaoxx/tOUHuaz7f4uSLdbr/AEOSw0/z7i389rpZJS0S7uI1GMEerce9dJrngHRfEl59qvoLhpyqqzQXk8AYKcruEbqDg9Miqa/Cvw2rRk2t3JskeULLqVy67nGGJDSEHI65rarSzN1ZSp1I8t9F5efu/r8ziwmL4Vjg6dPFYebq2ak1fezs4/vUlrbeLVlt0Mnwdrmr6t8QNQa/Eltay6bFPBZrdedGis3DY2LhiMZ6+xNeh1z2g/D/AEHw1fm9sLJku/K8kSzXEszJHnO1d7NtHsMV0Nd+CpVqNJxru8rt733+S/I+ez3F4LGYpVMBBxpqMY2a5fhVtuaf3uTb6mP4yjeXwjriR2v26RrGcLa4Y+cTG2EwpDHPT5SDzxR4NjeLwjoaSWv2GRbGANa4YeSRGuUwxLDHT5iTxzUfjpYm8E+IRO7xwHTrgSPGgdlXymyQpIycdsjPqKPAqxL4J8PCB3kgGnW4jeRAjMvlLglQTg47ZOPU12fbPA+yblcz4svriTVNG0a2mktjfyO000LbXWNF3MFPYnpkc101Y3iLQ5dUexu7SSOO/sZfNhMoOxgRhlbHIBHcVjiYylSah5fdfX8LnpZXUpUsVGVa1rStfZS5Xyt+SlZnIeHNNLWPjWKS+1SRYrqaKFpNTuGeNFXKhGMmV59CDSR+P73QYnsYdDmu7TTbaCW4vLvUcyOjgZZch2cgn+Jhx+VdRd+BNH1C+lvZ7aZJ5yrTxwXk0cMzDoXjVgj/APAlNY8ngFtT8bXupalbQPpjRRJBHDfTKSU6eZEFVGHsSwGK8WWGxVFRVGyd2rrs7vW8Xbp/mfc0s0yrGzqzx3NOPKpOMtPfXJH3bVVzNrm1drLXlexP4v8AFWp6Pq3h8WMNvJp92ZHuGmlKPtVN2AAjduevPTjrU+g+NLnVNStLe702O1gvoWns54brzdyr1DqUXYcc8Fh71sax4c0/xA9q97FI72rl4mjnkiKkjBzsYZBHUHINQ6L4P0rw/O0tjbyRsQVUSXEkqxqTkrGrsQgz2UAV3+yxaruSn7ja0+S8vXr1v5Hz6xmTSy6NKdB+3UWrrZtuTTvzrZOO8HomrLRmRq2lzxeMNLmsdSvmunlaS6t3unaD7PjBHlZ2Dno2N2e9c74Bv7qTxlOl1ql1KZFmIMs8ktvegPw0IPyR7BwQoB9iOa7I+BNIbWJNTZbx7qSRZXDahcGJmUYXMRk2EDsNuBUmk+CtG0PUJL2ytWinfdjdPI6R7jltiMxVMnrtAzXO8HXdaNRWSUr7vbTyWumv5tXv6Uc6wEMDUw0nOUnTUU3CK1vJ2vzP3VdJabK9lJRceb8QfE6+0bWdQs4vDr3ENlLDG08l4kZk80fKUUBu/wDeK8e/FT2fxC1DUo0trXRrc60088LWc18ViHlYyfNERznPA2/iOtaWpfDfQdWvrq7uobx57l0klK6jcopZPukKsgAx2wKavwy8PxwmNbe7BMzXAl/tG581ZGGGKyeZuXPcA4Pep9jmXtJNVFy6222v/g7adfmWsZws8PTi8NL2iSu7Ss3ypO/7/bnu9FF2sk46o52f4xXH7x7bw7I8EFqt1PNPeIgUeZsZVChixB6cDPtWXqvi7xLfSSTKFiittbht4LezutpnVh9yQmMYHQkhvwNdtffDHw7qDSGW1uQJIVt3SG/uIkMYOQu1ZAOvPTk802b4X+HppN7Q3wPmLNhNUulHmKMK+BJjcPXrXPUwmZ1NJVVb1t37Q9O56WHzjhXDNTp4WSl5x5v5e9bf4ldJaNW12yI/ipcm3sZZNGSMTTNBLI14VhjkD7dolaMKSeoDFSewJ4rU+IHjx/BMFvJHZQ3pk3FlkuvLbA/uIqOzn/gIA7kU6H4W+HIMbLW6xuLFTqNyVfLbiGBkwwzztORntWj4g8F6T4oaI6hBM7RoY1aC6lgO09VJjZcj2PFdapZj7Gac1z6WfRd/s9fT7jx5Yrhn69RnHDz9gnLnWt2n8KX717eq8+Y5b/hbFwuoOr6C8OnxXEEEt3Ldru/eruUqig5x6Ej+lQab4o1LXviFocyrLaaLc21yYIVudwmC8B5I9o2tkHA3MMehrc/4VT4b+bNvfMGkSUhtUuiCyDCHHm9hVnTfhv4d0nVIdQttPYXUJZoTJcSyJEW+8URmKrn2ArBYfMpSj7WacU09+zvbSC0t+PU75ZlwxSpVHhaE1UcJRV43V3Bq+taVnzO97NJbRvqdNRRRX0R+ZkvwNgmtvhXoMdxpf9izKku6x2yL5f75+0jFuRzye/HGK7uvPP2fUtY/g/4eWymmuLUJNskuIRE5/fyZyoZgOc/xH+leh1+FYn+PP1f5n7rhv4FP0X5BRRRXOdIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAa/7Jv/JvfhD/AK5z/wDpTLRR+yb/AMm9+EP+uc//AKUy0V93H4Ufn0viZzPxC/5OatP+xQP/AKW1uVh/EL/k5q0/7FA/+ltblUSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHiP7Wn/IieHf+xksf5vXktetftaf8iJ4d/7GSx/m9eS19/w7/u8/X9EfC8Qfx4en6sKKKK+sPlgooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK5z4ied/wh2ofZ/s3nfu9v2vyvK/1i5z5vydPXvjHOK6OuW+KDW6eBdTN1FJNB+63JDII2P71MYYqwHOOxrGt/Dl6M2o/wASPqjqaKKK2MQooooAK6/wj4wgtbSTQ9cjN3oVweR1e3b++np9K5CivHzXKsNnGGeFxS00aadpRktpRe6knqmvyOihXnh588P+A12fkdB4v8IT+FrqMiRbvTrgb7W8j5SVf6H1Fc/XXeEPF8FpayaJrcZu9CuDyvV7dv8Anonp9K4f4xeAH0PWNFdLOz1q0uXc2l1OB5Uybc4J2tgj0xXyeHzzF5XP+zM3SlX/AOXc9o1o3SurJ2qRTvOCWvxR92/L9NluUUc4xMY0p8kGpN6J8jUXLXmlBcrtZSclbr52JIxIuDkc5BBwQexB7GsDXP2jvE3wq8aac/iu0t734e3KLbvqtrE32iylz/rJucMp74Ax1rNbw9YLr+jxzaXZxloZWkhWJWQNgcDjoKy7zSYIdGTTb60jvdFvXxEs0YdYXLHKYI4Ujp6V6eMx1WpGXPT5eXqm3Z2i9VyrR81vJ/evpsFw3hW4ewxTk5pPlcErpyqRfK1UknJezckuqvZtpJ/XWnaja6vY297ZXEd1aXCCSKaJgyOpGQQR1FWK+OZvH3hz4Q3CLrPgaxvNB/tGOGfW7e2QNp0YAw2xUBABxypH0r6R8F6tZ3Ov3sWk3K3ei3dtHqFtJE+6IbzzsPQKeuOxrhpYycpctSFtWt3566paabq4Y3JaOHjJ0Kzm1BTd4paPl0upy1XNs0tvNHa0UUV6h8mFFFFABRRRQBj+MvM/4RHXPJ8nzvsM+z7Rs8vd5bY37/k2567uMdeKPBvmf8IjofneT532GDf9n2eXu8tc7Nnybc9NvGOnFR+OmiXwT4hM6PJANOuDIkbhGZfKbIDEHBx3wceho8CtE3gnw8YEeOA6dbmNJHDsq+UuAWAGTjvgZ9BUfbL+yblFFFWQFFFFABRRRQAUVwXxj0uDUvD1j5un2eozJfwiKO8UbOTggttbAI64BrnNY8EaZC/hQX3hfR9PuJtUCzWtrCjwbcHAHygYPfgZ7ivIr46pRqShGne1tbtbu38rX4n2mX5DhsZhaWIq4hxc3NWUYv4FzdakZNNdeWyelz2CivFtW0aHwja6/LHp8Nx4VvLqWK7sfJDR2knASVExgLk4IA6nNRt4Msn8U3cdj4R8PahCNPtmkF4qxeXkDcyARkE4z/Ev1rmlmdRPl9lr11fnZq0XdO359j06fCmGnB1frT5LXT5YrbkTUuarFRknLa7urNN8yPbaK42ya30nxnZQaYwOn6jaMzRxvui3R4AdecZI4J74rsq9mjV9qnpqnb9fyZ8TjcJ9UlCzupx5ldWe7TTV3azTW/mFFFFbnnBRRRQAUUUUAS/A37T/AMKr0H7X9j+0bJd32DyfJ/1z42+T+76Yzt75zzmu7rzz9n2S1k+D/h5rKGa3tSk2yO4mErj9/JnLBVB5z/CP616HX4Vif48/V/mfuuG/gU/RfkFFFFc50hRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBr/sm/8m9+EP8ArnP/AOlMtFH7Jv8Ayb34Q/65z/8ApTLRX3cfhR+fS+JnM/EL/k5q0/7FA/8ApbW5WH8Qv+TmrT/sUD/6W1uVRIUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeI/taf8iJ4d/7GSx/m9eS161+1p/yInh3/sZLH+b15LX3/Dv+7z9f0R8LxB/Hh6fqwooor6w+WCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArnPiJNLB4O1B4b/8AsyQeXi63Ouz94vdAW56cDv6V0dc58RIZZ/B2oJDYf2nIfLxa7Xbf+8XshDcdeD29Kyq/w5W7M1pfxI+qOjooorUyCiiigAooooAK6jwz4ksvsZ0PxFapqWgTOG2SKGa2k7Sx56EVy9FeNm2U4TOsK8JjI3i7NNaSjJaqUXupJ6po68Liq2CqqtQlaS/pr0ZqeOPhta6LqEVzNaWmp2c67rTUTCr+YnpkjgjuKwrfTbO1txbwWkENuDuEUcYVc+uAMV2nhTxlb6dZzaRri/afD8/MgY/Nbn/noh7Y718k/ED9trwt4W8dXukaLpN14g0a2nMR1UTCEuAcEpGVOR9WXNfNZbjauAqzwOcwXtIr3ayj7tWO13Ze7UWnPHZ/FHTSPuTeLxtKKwlSTgvsOT9xrayb235X8vX3O88G6DqEU0dxounyrMCJN1smWz1ycVP8FovCH7Ovh3Wbe9um0zSnla7+3XUrPFEv/PJRyUA7Adah8I+LNO8b+HbLW9Jm86xu0DxsRhh6hh2I9K0b6xg1K0ltbqJJ7eZSjxyDKsD1BFfVSwOGqJVKUEnuml39Nzj/ALWx+tPEVZSWzTbei6K97enpfY900XWrHxFpNpqemXcV9p91GJYLiBtySKehBq7XzV+z74UufhH4w1HS7bXDH4J1AebaaRcIXFtck8iN8/IpH8PQ19KK6yZKsGAOODmvI5Zx0qKzO3mhLWm7oWiiigAooooAx/GUjxeEdceO6+wyLYzlbrLDySI2w+VBYY6/KCeOKPBsjy+EdDeS6+3SNYwFrrLHziY1y+WAY56/MAeeaPGUby+EdcSO1+3SNYzhbXDHziY2wmFIY56fKQeeKPBsbxeEdDSS1+wyLYwBrXDDySI1ymGJYY6fMSeOaj7Rf2TYoooqyAooooAKKKKAM/V/D+l+IEiTVNNs9SSJt8a3kCShG9RuBwaj1LwtoutGA6hpFhfm3GIftNsknl/7u4HH4VqU2SRIY2kkZURQWZmOAAOpJrKVGnK/NFO++m52U8ZiaXKqdWS5b2s2rX3t2v1tuUNP8N6RpNvPBY6VZWcNwd00dvbpGsh9WAHJ+tUbz4f+FtQuHuLrw1pFzO/3pZrCJ2b6krk18reOP+ClnhXwv42n0fTvC99rml20xhn1RbtYSSDhjHGVO8emWXNfVHgLx1pHxJ8Jab4j0O4+0abfxCWJmGGX1Vh2YdxXLH6rX/dxSduljr+tZjhpOv7WcZS68zu/V3v069i1Z+H0t9We/kkWRliFvbxJGES3iH8Kj19T+AArWoorshCNNWijgrV6mIkpVHdpJfJf183q9QoooqznCiiigAooooAl+Bs81z8K9BkuNU/tqZkl3X26RvM/fP3kUNwOOR244xXd1wnwNgmtvhXoMdxpf9izKku6x2yL5f75+0jFuRzye/HGK7uvwrE/x5+r/M/dcL/Ap+i/IKKKK5zpCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDX/AGTf+Te/CH/XOf8A9KZaKP2Tf+Te/CH/AFzn/wDSmWivu4/Cj8+l8TOZ+IX/ACc1af8AYoH/ANLa3Kw/iF/yc1af9igf/S2tyqJCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDxH9rT/kRPDv/YyWP83ryWvWv2tP+RE8O/8AYyWP83ryWvv+Hf8Ad5+v6I+F4g/jw9P1YUUUV9YfLBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVy3xQW3fwLqYupZIYP3W54YxIw/epjCllB5x3FdTXOfETzv8AhDtQ+z/ZvO/d7ftfleV/rFznzfk6evfGOcVjW/hy9GbUf4kfVHR0UUVsYhRRRQAUUUUAFFFeT/Ff7bpfjLw7q91Nfnw/GfLf+zLiRJbaXPEjRj5ZUI4Oc49DWFap7KPNa5tSp+1ly3sem6xYtqekX1mj+W1xBJEG9CykZ/Wvy38XfDvX/CXiyfQr7TLoX/mlIl8piZxnhk4+YH2r9CNS1bUdJ8T+LJodTurqJdLjnt4ZWUxQMeNyKFA98nJ96xVmu4NUtPDK6vqUun6g1tLPdNfSmdS6FmRJt29A55AVhjouBXgZlhoY7lu7NNr+vu+R7uXYieB5rK6dn/X3nVfAT4Q+IfhJ8GvD1tr1v5Ut8rXihW3CPec+WxHRh3Fd3XN+H/iVqVp8I59GvryWbTrq6Fi1653TQL5u3z0bs+3jP49a5jxTol1pfiK78NQa7qU/hyzkuZbLVY76UTTbEDLG827c2wnJDMc9GyK8nLM1r4OqsqzKK59fZyV1GpHpvflmlpKN3e3NHS9s8ThViXLFUnpf3l1T/Vdvufn6TLGs0bI43K3UVwPw+s/F3wW+KEKeHvM17wP4gu/9N026uQHsJm6zRu56HuuefrXM6X4i1PVGi16e/u0u7a5tbRLNJ2WGRHX5i0Q+Vi/3gxXIx8pAr2V0WRSrDKnqK+pnTp46N9mtn/X5HFCpPBS7p7r+vzPfKK+UvFfxh8d/CHxNZa9PJJ4m+H6xC3v9NSJftNmM/wCvRgNz47gk8V9PaBrln4m0Wx1bT5DLZXkKzwuylSVYZHB5FePK8ZunJWa/q560bSgqkXdP+rF+iiigDD8dLE3gnxCJ3eOA6dcCR40Dsq+U2SFJGTjtkZ9RR4FWJfBPh4QO8kA063EbyIEZl8pcEqCcHHbJx6mpPGXmf8Ijrnk+T532GfZ9o2eXu8tsb9/ybc9d3GOvFHg3zP8AhEdD87yfO+wwb/s+zy93lrnZs+Tbnpt4x04qPtl/ZNiiiirICiimyqZI3VXaJmBAdcZX3GQRn6igB1FeOeC9NfxD8L9Si1/xPrzxWuoXYkv4tRe2unVWO0ebFsYY7KhUHgYPStO+8Y+IPhn8FbLWdRsh4j1e0SJJ4prr7O8yNIFVt+xgX2leGxk5yw61j7TS7Wlrmzp62T1vY9QrP8Q6a+taBqeno/lPd20sCyH+EshUH9a8V179oHxRZ2OrRJ4Ps9OvLf7baxzT6v5i/aoYvMGFWA5TB5Jx8wwAw+asT4e/FnxTo/iXUZta0tr+01KbShcMusyTR2clxblsW8bx87iNxQCNRngk1DrwvylqjO3Mfmn49+EvinwH46ufDOpaNfLqfnmOBPIYm5GcK0fHzA+1fqt+x38NtX+FfwH0TRtdja31OR5LuW2f70HmHIRvQiul8G/Fq58S6J4lvbzRYdKn0ZiDbS6gqsflJHmiVI2g6DPmKBg5UsOa4Ox/ad1zUmghtPBNnc3EguixTWpEiXyYhLuDSWil0K/xKp5xtDA7q4MPQpYWftOa99tDur1quIjyctrb6n0FRXg3iL4o6j4xvPCc+k2FxZaWmrWKXN7FqjxPvlQs0JhUASx44JY9ei96X4w2s7fFKwjhsPGOsw3GmbpLPw54juNPSFhKEEzIlzEMAHnYrE45B616LrKzcdTz1Sd0me8UV87+LPCMieJPGFnb+JfFNu1pp1m9rMviK+/cyM4XzNgmCE+oIwe4NPur668RahNo2v6hrNj4o0XTruK5/s/V7uyiu1WMtDdIkMqqd2BzjIORx0pe1d7ND9l1ufQtFeLfAHT55obe/uNN8ZadL9hjLT+IfEMuoW96WHLxxtczqn/jjc8rXtNawlzRuZTjyuwUUUVZAz9n1LWP4P8Ah5bKaa4tQk2yS4hETn9/JnKhmA5z/Ef6V6HXCfA37T/wqvQftf2P7Rsl3fYPJ8n/AFz42+T+76Yzt75zzmu7r8KxP8efq/zP3XDfwKfovyCiiiuc6QooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA1/wBk3/k3vwh/1zn/APSmWij9k3/k3vwh/wBc5/8A0plor7uPwo/PpfEzmfiF/wAnNWn/AGKB/wDS2tysP4hf8nNWn/YoH/0trcqiQooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8R/a0/5ETw7/2Mlj/N68lr1r9rT/kRPDv/AGMlj/N68lr7/h3/AHefr+iPheIP48PT9WFFFFfWHywUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFct8UGt08C6mbqKSaD91uSGQRsf3qYwxVgOcdjXU1znxEmlg8Hag8N//AGZIPLxdbnXZ+8XugLc9OB39Kxrfw5ejNqP8SPqjo6KKK2MQooooAKKKKACuc8SfD7RfFmoWd5qMM8ktschI7mSOOUdQJEVgrgHswNdHRUSjGatJXRcZSg7xdmYaeCtJTXLvVvJna8uofs8we7maJo8Y2+UX8sD6LVSL4a+HodHn0xLOYW00iys32yczBl+6Vm3+Yu0cLtYbRwMCunoqfZU/5V93cr2s/wCZnNHwHYs32Ylho32T7L/ZyyS7D82dx/eYz33BQ2edxro/Dvhnwoui23hrXtMuL7w4kzTrtvrhbmKRhhpPOEgkfcOGVmIcDBBp1FeZmOU4TNMPLD4iOj2a0lF9HGS1i10aN6OLrUJqcJf5P1XUm8ZfBjSfDviCy1uK3F3bMi/YbyGVxA6qMJujDbC6jgErkdiKhrq/CHjCPTYJdI1eI3ug3J/eRfxQt/z0T0Iqv4w8HyeG5op4JRe6TdDfa3kf3XX0Pow9K+dyrMsRgMSsnzdr2rv7Opa0ayX4Kql8Ueq96Ol1HpxFKNaH1ih8K3W/L/8Aa9n8n581JGk0bRyKHRhgqwyCKqeKvjprvwl8P2dwNBbxJo9vMou5YpSLi2tu5VMHeV+o4HertNkjSaNo5FDowwVYZBFfY4iiq8HG9n3OOhWdGala67Hsfg3xlo/j/wAN2WvaDfRajpd4geKaI5+oPoR3B6VtV8+eBtf8Nfs/+HNaYaTJbaK0j38radE0snmH7w2Z/LGBXsvgfxzonxH8L2XiDw/fR6hpd2m6OVOoPdWH8LA8EGvnpRlTl7Op8R78ZRqR56ew7x00S+CfEJnR5IBp1wZEjcIzL5TZAYg4OO+Dj0NHgVom8E+HjAjxwHTrcxpI4dlXylwCwAycd8DPoKk8ZSPF4R1x47r7DItjOVussPJIjbD5UFhjr8oJ44o8GyPL4R0N5Lr7dI1jAWussfOJjXL5YBjnr8wB55rP7Zf2TYoooqyApsiCSNkO4Bhg7SVP4EcinUUAcE3wP8JnQZNGEesJp8l0b1kj8QagrmYnJbzBPvxnnbnHtWjqHwt8O6p4PHhi6t7ybSN6ysrandedIwbcGefzPNc5APzOc4Ga6yio9nDsXzy7nnP/AAz74Ja6a4ks9VuJGmkuGFxr+oSo0jpsdirTlTuXg5HNV4f2bvAcMbItnrBVpYZiH8R6k2WiGIutx0UcAdAOOlenUVPsqf8AKvuK9pP+ZnJ6T8K/DWi6bqthbWdwbXUxtuVuL+4nYrjAVGkkZo1HYIVA7Vzkf7NvgSK7+1C21trjY8fmSeJtTc7XXYw5uD1Xg+3Fen0U3Tg94oXtJrZs85i/Z78C28tjJFpt9E9kYWiMes3q5aL/AFbuBN+8dRwGfJxxnHFdLN4D0e48ZQ+KXW9/tmKH7OjrqNysIj/u+QJPKPPPKZzXQ0U1TitkJzk92cPrXwX8L+INV1PUrxNX+16kqpctb69fwK6qcqAkc6qoB/ugVrat8PtC1yJVvbWaSVbNrAXS3cyXPkN95POVxJz3O7PvXRUUckewc8u5xvhX4R+G/Bt9bXenJqkk1rG0VuNR1u9vkgUjBEaTzOqZHGVAOK7KiinGKirJWE5OWrYUUUVRIz9n2S1k+D/h5rKGa3tSk2yO4mErj9/JnLBVB5z/AAj+teh1wnwNnmufhXoMlxqn9tTMku6+3SN5n75+8ihuBxyO3HGK7uvwrE/x5+r/ADP3XDfwKfovyCiiiuc6QooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA1/2Tf+Te/CH/XOf/0ploo/ZN/5N78If9c5/wD0plor7uPwo/PpfEzmfiF/yc1af9igf/S2tysP4hf8nNWn/YoH/wBLa3KokKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPEf2tP+RE8O/8AYyWP83ryWvWv2tP+RE8O/wDYyWP83ryWvv8Ah3/d5+v6I+F4g/jw9P1YUUUV9YfLBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVznxEhln8HagkNh/ach8vFrtdt/wC8XshDcdeD29K6OuW+KC27+BdTF1LJDB+63PDGJGH71MYUsoPOO4rGt/Dl6M2o/wASPqjqaKKK2MQooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACur8H+MI9Lhl0nVoje6DdH97D/FEf8AnonoRXKUV5WZ5Zhs3w0sLio3i9U1o4taqUWtYyi9U1qmdFGvPDzVSm9fz8n3TOj8YeD5PDc0Vxbyi90i6G+1vI/uuPQ+jD0rnK6rwf4wTSoZdK1WI3ug3RxLB/FEf+eiehFQ+MPB8nhySK5t5Re6RdDfa3ifdYeh9GHpXzeWZnicDiY5PnMr1H/DqbKsl+EaqXxR2a96Gl1Hsr0IVYPE4Ze71j/L/nF9H8n58zJGs0bI6h0YYKsMgisT4M+DNO+EnxD1XUbPUryw0HWVHm6WpU2aXGf9YQRlSemRj3rdpHVZFKsAysMEHoa+wr4eFdLmWq2OSjXnRb5Xo9z1jXtWsvEHgvxA2lSW2uhbW4gMNrJ5yySCNgYj5bZyTwQCG57Grng2N4vCOhpJa/YZFsYA1rhh5JEa5TDEsMdPmJPHNfHeo+B9a+FmvarrPg7UI7LwzrEE0evaRcEmAKY2BnjUdJB26Z6EgV9geBViXwT4eEDvJANOtxG8iBGZfKXBKgnBx2ycepr5pxnCo41FZr8fQ+iUoTpqVN3T/A3KKKKsgKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigCX4GwTW3wr0GO40v+xZlSXdY7ZF8v98/aRi3I55PfjjFd3Xnn7PqWsfwf8PLZTTXFqEm2SXEIic/v5M5UMwHOf4j/AEr0OvwrE/x5+r/M/dcN/Ap+i/IKKKK5zpCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDX/ZN/wCTe/CH/XOf/wBKZaKP2Tf+Te/CH/XOf/0plor7uPwo/PpfEzmfiF/yc1af9igf/S2tysP4hf8AJzVp/wBigf8A0trcqiQooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8R/a0/5ETw7/ANjJY/zevJa9a/a0/wCRE8O/9jJY/wA3ryWvv+Hf93n6/oj4XiD+PD0/VhRRRX1h8sFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXOfETzv+EO1D7P8AZvO/d7ftfleV/rFznzfk6evfGOcV0dct8UGt08C6mbqKSaD91uSGQRsf3qYwxVgOcdjWNb+HL0ZtR/iR9UdTRRRWxiFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFdV4P8YJpMUularEb7Qbo4mgPWM/8APRPQivBNU8RavpvxktLHUdVn0rSbmJV0+IRxva3bfxIxxvWXPTJA9M1K/izXrO38VRTX0M9zDqEdpZSJbBFgV8Y4JO4jnkk5PbHFfP5nhcHm+GnhMXBuN+mjjKOqlFp3jJbxa1uelRjVw841Kcle3yaeln0fmj3Hxh4Pfw5JFc20ovtHuhvtbxOjD+6fRh6VzVcPonxK8TW/23wLL4huhZwvNNcagtrbNNIEXdGNrRmNSTw5RVJH3Sp5re8bW+r2/hfwndafeG1h8SFBHqlvGjmIYJcKrhlD5HAYEfWvEyvNq+BnHLM4mnUbapz29qkr2a2VRL4op2dnKNldR6cRg1UXtsOvd6r+X9eV9Oq2fnY8Tb/+Ec1Xy/L8z7JLt87bszsON275ceu7j1rz+9174g/DWTw/4y8P39zr+mW9hDDqfhczB4JItoJa3C/KrDnBXg9OlYeveMNc1rwzrSjUWtxo+nym7EUMY+3tkqQ25W2Ar/cwd3PTitT4feJ9Surfw9eNdyHR9Q/0GHS5EjYQIka7G8wKGZzzuydp7KtfQVpUsU+R3XZ9td/0ZNGNTDLnVn3XfTb9T7E8Oa0niTQdP1SO2uLNLyFZhb3cZjlj3DO1lPQ1o182+MPiZ45+Hfh+2uPC9jaa7Z2s4lurC53ec0A+8kLAgA9xkH0r2P4W/FLQfi94Tt9e0C586B/kmgf5ZbaQfejkXqGBrgqRdKp7KW/5+h3QkqkPaR2/I6+iiikMKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiivM/ilpsMvjj4d3rGbz4tTZFAncR4KHOYwdpPuRkVMpcquXGPM7HplFeX23hHQNP+L0Gr6KsGm3iRSQ6vcK2Gv3kGYopGPMjqQWGScDj2rnvEnxS8eaf461rStOTw5Lp1rqdlYQNdW9ws3+kxswLFZCDs25yAN3TC/erN1OX4kWqfM9Ge40V8b/ELxl4v8e2N+upXuj3FlbaXDcHTxp0iRm7jv1jEqM0z+Wc98MQCRz1r068+MvjTT98EsOhyT2OrS2V/cx20xiESlNpEazNKuNxBkCSDIGVQcjNYiLb0NHQkranv/wADftP/AAqvQftf2P7Rsl3fYPJ8n/XPjb5P7vpjO3vnPOa7uvlHw78YNb8J+EfBVh4Rt7N9JeMm6t721kvZ4lkuZFEj3CyW8aLnkKqyOf7oHzVoaB+0f42j0ezudfi8NrJqmnefZPawTxRQSfazb75i8xypxu2Lgg8bznI/G8RRlKrOS7v8z9jw9aMaUIvsvyR9PUV8/wDw50KK6+GPxX0zWLTR71W1TUluYbK1C2creWCSImLY55wS2D3NcFo/we0aP4A+IL7WPhh4M0IvpduLS40eNJzex/KxefMMfzhuxU4ycMetYqkur/r7zd1nZNLp/XQ+vaK+X38C2vw71PWvEvhbw/a/2THYWcOu+HrG2jjgvbV4MvN5QXa0qfeyeWXINcyvwp8O6vrfhBvDPwu8CeJornw9JMYNYt47WMIZztkQC2k3NtPAOz/eFNUU+v8AX3idZr7P9fcfY1FY/g+LTrfwxpsOki2XT44RHElnIHhTHBVCCRgEEdeMYrYrlZ1LYKKKKBhRRRQBr/sm/wDJvfhD/rnP/wClMtFH7Jv/ACb34Q/65z/+lMtFfdx+FH59L4mcz8Qv+TmrT/sUD/6W1uVwnxy+IXhb4e/tJaZceKfEuj+Gre48JtHDLrF/FaJKwvMlVMjAE45wKpf8NLfCH/oqvgn/AMKKz/8AjlUSekUV5v8A8NLfCH/oqvgn/wAKKz/+OUf8NLfCH/oqvgn/AMKKz/8AjlAHpFFeb/8ADS3wh/6Kr4J/8KKz/wDjlH/DS3wh/wCiq+Cf/Cis/wD45QB6RRXm/wDw0t8If+iq+Cf/AAorP/45R/w0t8If+iq+Cf8AworP/wCOUAekUV5v/wANLfCH/oqvgn/worP/AOOUf8NLfCH/AKKr4J/8KKz/APjlAHpFFeb/APDS3wh/6Kr4J/8ACis//jlH/DS3wh/6Kr4J/wDCis//AI5QB6RRXm//AA0t8If+iq+Cf/Cis/8A45R/w0t8If8Aoqvgn/worP8A+OUAekUV5v8A8NLfCH/oqvgn/wAKKz/+OUf8NLfCH/oqvgn/AMKKz/8AjlAHpFFeb/8ADS3wh/6Kr4J/8KKz/wDjlH/DS3wh/wCiq+Cf/Cis/wD45QB6RRXm/wDw0t8If+iq+Cf/AAorP/45R/w0t8If+iq+Cf8AworP/wCOUAekUV5v/wANLfCH/oqvgn/worP/AOOUf8NLfCH/AKKr4J/8KKz/APjlAHM/taf8iJ4d/wCxksf5vXktdB+098evhn4g8F6DBpfxF8J6lNH4gs5njtNctZWWNS+5yFc4UZGT0FeYf8Li8A/9Dx4b/wDBtb//ABdfd8P1IQoTUpJa/oj4jPqc514OKb0/U6+iuQ/4XF4B/wCh48N/+Da3/wDi6P8AhcXgH/oePDf/AINrf/4uvqfb0v5196PmvY1f5X9x19Fch/wuLwD/ANDx4b/8G1v/APF0f8Li8A/9Dx4b/wDBtb//ABdHt6X86+9B7Gr/ACv7jr6K5D/hcXgH/oePDf8A4Nrf/wCLo/4XF4B/6Hjw3/4Nrf8A+Lo9vS/nX3oPY1f5X9x19Fch/wALi8A/9Dx4b/8ABtb/APxdH/C4vAP/AEPHhv8A8G1v/wDF0e3pfzr70Hsav8r+46+iuQ/4XF4B/wCh48N/+Da3/wDi6P8AhcXgH/oePDf/AINrf/4uj29L+dfeg9jV/lf3HX0VyH/C4vAP/Q8eG/8AwbW//wAXR/wuLwD/ANDx4b/8G1v/APF0e3pfzr70Hsav8r+46+iuQ/4XF4B/6Hjw3/4Nrf8A+Lo/4XF4B/6Hjw3/AODa3/8Ai6Pb0v5196D2NX+V/cdfRXIf8Li8A/8AQ8eG/wDwbW//AMXR/wALi8A/9Dx4b/8ABtb/APxdHt6X86+9B7Gr/K/uOvrnPiJNLB4O1B4b/wDsyQeXi63Ouz94vdAW56cDv6VT/wCFxeAf+h48N/8Ag2t//i65z4ifF3wNP4O1BIfFHhvU5D5eLX+1I23/ALxeySBuOvB7elZVa9L2crTWz6mlKjU9pG8Xuuh6lRXIf8Li8A/9Dx4b/wDBtb//ABdH/C4vAP8A0PHhv/wbW/8A8XWvt6X86+9Gfsav8r+46+iuQ/4XF4B/6Hjw3/4Nrf8A+Lo/4XF4B/6Hjw3/AODa3/8Ai6Pb0v5196D2NX+V/cdfRXIf8Li8A/8AQ8eG/wDwbW//AMXR/wALi8A/9Dx4b/8ABtb/APxdHt6X86+9B7Gr/K/uOvorkP8AhcXgH/oePDf/AINrf/4uj/hcXgH/AKHjw3/4Nrf/AOLo9vS/nX3oPY1f5X9x19Fch/wuLwD/ANDx4b/8G1v/APF0f8Li8A/9Dx4b/wDBtb//ABdHt6X86+9B7Gr/ACv7jr6K5D/hcXgH/oePDf8A4Nrf/wCLo/4XF4B/6Hjw3/4Nrf8A+Lo9vS/nX3oPY1f5X9x19Fch/wALi8A/9Dx4b/8ABtb/APxdH/C4vAP/AEPHhv8A8G1v/wDF0e3pfzr70Hsav8r+4dq/w9j1rxVa6vcatqBtrchxpm5PILg5DZ27wP8AZDY9qRfhvat/by3Gqajdpq8glkSXyV8hx91oysYIIwPvFqT/AIXF4B/6Hjw3/wCDa3/+Lo/4XF4B/wCh48N/+Da3/wDi6xvhrt8y+82/2i1rP7iKb4W2U2nxQ/2rqaXqySSS6krxC4uPMGJA/wC72YYcfKox2wea6bRdKea0uPD2r6jeweFfMgksV0+SI3FhIgx5sReEgH1V/MDe1c9/wuLwD/0PHhv/AMG1v/8AF0f8Li8A/wDQ8eG//Btb/wDxdedj8Dl+Y0Hh67VtHdOzTW0k91JPVNa3NqVXF0Zc8U7+n4ehf+Ln7Pen+HfDbXGnaxfR6I1hKseo28gAukwXxOQhYMH+Y+XtbjjjisjwX4Ds7JdN1f8AtC6vSbdZo4GcG3WV41DzJlA+Wx/ETjsAa+fv2o/2sNbjgfwP4K8Txnw5cRCW+m02eOZZmP8ACsi524HUKRnPNZv7Kn7R15DqUvhzxlr0I0tYN1pfapcJF5JX+AyMRkEdAT2r5zJ8VVw1T6lmM1UlF2jUWnMl8LktEpdHy3i2uZWvZeziMFVqYf6xS0T1ce3e3/B1tofZRAYEEZFLo/jKP4RaHrFxZaAdRtGD3ZtNNjSOeSbHPJwGz6nke/SuP/4XF4B/6Hjw3/4Nrf8A+LoPxi8Ang+N/DZH/YWt/wD4uvs60qFaPK5r70eBSVelK6i/uZ7p8I/i7oHxo8Iwa9oM5K58u5s5eJrSUfejkXsR+tdtXx/8O/Gnwl+HvxNvPFVt4x0W3bU4fs93Ha63CISc5EjxB8MfftX0CP2g/haRn/hZXhD/AMHtr/8AHK+fv7P3aklfye571vae9CLt5o7+iuA/4aC+Fv8A0Urwh/4PrX/45R/w0F8Lf+ileEP/AAfWv/xyl7SH8yH7OfZnf0VwH/DQXwt/6KV4Q/8AB9a//HKP+Ggvhb/0Urwh/wCD61/+OUe0h/Mg9nPszv6K4D/hoL4W/wDRSvCH/g+tf/jlH/DQXwt/6KV4Q/8AB9a//HKPaQ/mQezn2Z39FcB/w0F8Lf8AopXhD/wfWv8A8co/4aC+Fv8A0Urwh/4PrX/45R7SH8yD2c+zO/rH1rwboHiW8srvV9D03Vbqxffaz3tpHM9u396NmBKn3GK5j/hoL4W/9FK8If8Ag+tf/jlH/DQXwt/6KV4Q/wDB9a//AByk6lN7tD5JrZM2tM+GXg/Rdek1zT/Ceh2GtyFi+pWumwx3LbvvZkVQxz355qDVPhH4G1y+uL3UfBfh7UL24kEs1xdaVBJJI46MzMhJI9TzWZ/w0F8Lf+ileEP/AAfWv/xyj/hoL4W/9FK8If8Ag+tf/jlTzUrWuvwHarvZlub4J/Du5hghm8BeGJYoGZ4o30a2KxsxyxUFOCTySOtQ33wz+Gnhuxlv73wp4U0uzhlF1JdT6dbQxpIvSQsVADD+91FRf8NBfC3/AKKV4Q/8H1r/APHK+Jf+CjXxm03xk3hXQ/C/ijS9d0TZJc3S6TfxXCiYNhQ/lse3IBrnr1qVGm5pJs6KNKrVmoNtH3V8JfBPgH4u/DHw/qeu2Phj4k3kMcsH9sXlpHqDbfNc7N8ybwAMcEDp6YNd1Y/BD4c6WxNl4A8L2hMDWxMGjWyZhb70fCfdPdehr8uf+CbPxgtvhr8Yr6x1zxHp/h/wvqVhI1zJqt7HbQeamDHhpGChjyPU1+mn/DSfwj/6Kn4K/wDChs//AI5X5JjKdWFaVrtPX7z9bwdSlOjG6Sa06dDoNN+FvgzR9Dv9FsPCOg2Oj34xd6fbaZDHb3Ixj95GFCvx6g0+X4a+EJvCqeGJPCuiSeG0wV0dtOhNmuDkYh27OvtXOf8ADSfwj/6Kn4K/8KGz/wDjlH/DSfwj/wCip+Cv/Chs/wD45XFy1ezO7mpd0dH4f+GnhDwlfT3mh+FdE0a8uIhBNcafp0MEkkY6IzIoJUeh4rP174JfDvxVeJd614B8MaxdIgiWe/0a2ncIOihnQnA9KzP+Gk/hH/0VPwV/4UNn/wDHKP8AhpP4R/8ARU/BX/hQ2f8A8co5at72Yc1K1rr8Dv8ATtNtNHsYLKwtYbKzgQRw29vGI441HRVUDAHsKsV5x/w0n8I/+ip+Cv8AwobP/wCOUf8ADSfwj/6Kn4K/8KGz/wDjlT7OfZle0h/Mj0eivOP+Gk/hH/0VPwV/4UNn/wDHKP8AhpP4R/8ARU/BX/hQ2f8A8co9nP8AlY/aQ/mR6PRXnH/DSfwj/wCip+Cv/Chs/wD45R/w0n8I/wDoqfgr/wAKGz/+OUezn/Kw9pD+ZHr37Jv/ACb34Q/65z/+lMtFRfsiXUN5+zn4LuLeVJ7eaCaSOWNgyupuJSGBHBBHeivt47I+CluznviF/wAnNWn/AGKB/wDS2s/4qfFLw/8ABvwPqPivxPdNa6TYrl/LXdJIx+6iLkZYnoK0PiF/yc1af9igf/S2vJP20Pgrrvx0+Cl1onhlojrtrdw39rbzuFjuGjbPlkkgAnsSQKoktaf8b/Hj+C08Zah8LPI8OzRCeG1s9dWfVhE2PLkkt2hSJVwQWCzuwHRWrsl+Ovw9hsrie98c+GdPezWP7dFcazbqbN3A2pLlxsJPA3YzXK/DT41S6l4R0PTJfA3jCy8URQR2txpl5oF1bQxugCO32uRBbFOCQVkJI6A18sftGeA/GEXjn49x2/gzxFqo8UaJZx6XNpOk3F5DO6uC6+ZGhVSB2YgnsDQB9ReIv2lbXw58cPD3gebT9Pk0HWtJl1aLxMurARRxxj5iyGPbt9GEmMc13OgfGb4f+KtUt9N0Tx14a1jUbhS8Nnp+r2880qjqVRHJI9wK+Qp9J1qT4xfCPUz4Y8SRabp/ge4sby8m0G9jhtZ3i+VJXaICM/Kc7iMcZxkV578HNB1Tx98LfhRoXhjw7qx1fTfGdzqdzqyaZIlnbQB/mkN3t8vLD5doYv6rQB+h0nxI8JQ+K08LyeKdFj8SuAV0ZtQhF4QRkEQ7t/T2rybwN+1pomtfErxr4P8AFi6N4JuPD2orptvdXuuoU1KRgCBGJI4juwR8o3HmvmD4geH/ABdqnxosryx+HnivQ9G0vxuL2W2stHvbq3njZAGvvNIfJJ42wbUA5Kk/NWj44+GPiSTXP2j4f+EH1u6vvHdytt4dvIdHmlSXayZZ5VQiBAcndIVB5xmgD6y8X/HGXQPiBf8AhfTdN0fVZrPRp9UlaTxHbQ3CPGpYRNaAPOFYA/vAhArjfBP7XSeM/Cvw71ZNB0qwufFV3JDPp954ntYJrOFMgzRrMEa55GNsa5ryTVfCfiTw38fdHkvtC8Q6lBp/w+n0i41Oz0S8ubdrtoNqxrLHEysc8cE1wHhLwn4ms/BP7OVlceC/FkdxoXiCe41SJvDd9m0ibKh5P3PAJI/DnpzQB9feG/2uvhZ4h1vxPYt410DTINCuUtXu9R1WC3S4cj5jHvYZUN8u4ZBNehaT8SvCGvalZadpnirRNR1C+t/tdra2mowyyzwDrLGisSyf7QBFfLPwM+DN3q8Px88A+LfDOp2dlr2ryzW15eWLpaSRlCEkjlI2vhiPuE9O1emfsf8AhvxXpvw6tj41Mc2p6Xv0axmyGd7WJyA5PfccHvgDFAHvtFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFYHjDx94e8A2KXfiDVrfTI5G2QpK2ZZ37JHGMtIx7KoJPpXH/8ACU+O/iB8vhrRl8HaO/8AzGvEkJa7dfWGyBBX2MzKR3Q0Ad34k8VaP4O0qXU9d1S00jT4/vXN5MsSA9hknknsOprhP+FieKfHf7vwN4eaz09v+Zi8TRSW8BH96G14ml9t3lKezGtPw78GdB0fVota1NrrxX4kj5XWNdkFxLET18lMCOAe0Sr75rvKAPAPH/wyOi6x4B13WvEGqeJ/EH/CUWSC6u5jFbwq2/csNtHiNB7kM/qxr3+vN/jX/wAyH/2Nlh/7Ur0igAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvN/2jP+SN+If+3f/wBKIq9Irzf9oz/kjfiH/t3/APSiKgD0iiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPjv9vD9i+L47WbeNtF1S30fxFpFlIbhbpGMV5DGpbBZclWABA4IPfHWk/YP/AGLYvgTaL431rVINX8RavYxm3S1RhDaQyKGwGbBZiCAeABjjPWvqH4mf8k48V/8AYJu//RL1R8H6oNG+Efh69MM9wYdGtWENtA80jnyFwAiAscn0FVGLk1FbsmUlFOT2Rf0f4haHr2sTaXaXFx9uiZ0aO4sZ4AWT74VpEVWI74J610dfPemWmv6PDLePb65cX9xbi4tZRp0n+hLI/wDpACLEP3gGMB8tjpmptS0vxVLZq+nTeKraz82W5txLcXLXPkhdoV9xJDOxyEcHaMkKte/Uyynz2hUsvPXX8Py7+V/nqeaVeS86d35aafj+fbu7e/VQk16yj1uLSWeQX0sRnRPJfaUBwTvxt/DOa+emHjzTbybTpbjxHfWzbIZ7h1vRlhHnMbRRswXccZDLnHzSLXpvhHTdQvbrXoblNTSaGyTTre81JWXf8mWYMSd3zHOQWAx1JrGrl8aEeeVRNW0t8v8APbsb0cyliJKEabTvrf5/5b9zoIPiZ4cudUj0+PUGaeWc2sT/AGaUQyyjqiS7fLcjuFY4710k1xFb7PNkSPewRd7AbmPQD1PtXl3hnVLrSfBtn4dPhvU5dZ0+N0dWtXSFSoY+bFcFGjYnPy7SWyeled2djreoahZS3kPiicW15FPD5kWqfuS0RBBZwC2HxuICr6KFrWOWwqSlZuKXo79mtrJ/8MzGWZVKcY8yUnLtdW7p3vdr/h0fTFFfPFtJ4os9FuJr/UfEF1LLcw/aNP8AseoWoD7mDIk4aWTBGDm3Xb04qW1j1v8As3yFvvFFzOsANhcW51BlF15nzpP5gDYAIH75QuBwAal5Vb/l51ts/wCv+BqrlLNr2/d9L7r+tfz0dj6Cqhrmvaf4Z0q41LVLuOysbdd0k0p4Uf1+grxTS9L1u38Jz6/LdeJpNX0/UmZ7O9vb2GOeHONixuyhl5yCAa9G17T5dL+F2pWxF9f3MlnJlf313MzuD8oHzucE4x2xXPUwcKU4xc73lbt69+66HTTxs6tOUlC1o3119O3Z31Ovs7qK+tYbmBt8EyLJG2CMqRkHB9jUtY/g2QyeE9GJimhYWkStHcQvFIpCgEMjgMDkdxWxXmVI8s3HsenTlzwUu6CiiioNAooooAK86+OPwC8H/tDeE10DxhZSz28Unm29zayeXPbSYxuRsEA47EEHuK9FooA+cf2JfgD4P+Efwzg1jQrKU6xrHmLeX91L5ksipM6qg4AVQFBwAOa+jq83/Zz/AOSN+Hv+3j/0olr0igAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKALX7J/8Ayb74R/653H/pTLRR+yf/AMm++Ef+udx/6Uy0UAcz8Qv+TmrT/sUD/wCltblYfxC/5OatP+xQP/pbW5QAUUUUAUta0wa1o97p5uJrRbqFoTPb7fMQMCCV3Ky557gj2riPgf8ABPTvgN4Tk8OaRresaxphna4iXWDbs8LMcsFaGGPIJ5+bd7YHFeiUUAFFFFABRRRQBzfxB8Enx/4dOlDX9c8NN50cwv8Aw/efZboFDnbvKsCp6FSCCK1tD0a28P6TbadZqVt7dNq5xk9yxwAMkkk4HU1eooAKKKKACiuL8XfF7w74R1FdJaafWPELjdHoejwm6vWHYlF/1a/7chVR3NYn9nfET4hc6hdp8O9Ef/lz010utVkX0ecgxQ/SNXI7OKAOl8afFDw14BaCHVtRA1C4/wCPbS7WNri9uT6RwRgu/wBQMDuRXNfbPiJ8QuLS3T4c6I//AC8Xix3erSr/ALMQJhg+rGQ/7IrqfBvw28OeAlmbRtMjhu7jm51CZmmu7k+ss7ku5/3mOO2K6agDjvCPwm8OeDb59TgtpNS16Rds2uarKbq+kHcea+Sq/wCwm1R2ArsaKKACiiigDzf41/8AMh/9jZYf+1K9Irzf41/8yH/2Nlh/7Ur0igAooooAKKKKACiiqmsapBoekX2pXO4W1nBJcS7Rk7UUscD6A0AW6K8d8L/HLX9es/DGrzeCUTw34ku4oLC/sdWFxJFHJu2yXMRiTy846I0nXkiofAXxS8b+PdW+KuiQ2Hh+x1jwxqMVjpheSeS3kDIH3TsAGJx2VRj360Ae0UVHa+d9lh+0+X9o2DzPKzs3Y5255xn1ry3Xvilr+j/tFeFvAgsNNPh/WNLur43m+RrsSRAfLt4VVyf9on2oA9WornvE/jzSPCWqaDpt/Pi+1u7FnZ26Fd7tgktgkfKAOSM/SuhoAKKKKACiiigArzf9oz/kjfiH/t3/APSiKvSK83/aM/5I34h/7d//AEoioA9IooooAKKKKACiivGvjV8fr/4J+LPCsGpeGIb3wnrV2LOXW4NSYTWLY5eS38ggoCR8wk784oA9lorgPjd8XrT4MfDXUfFj2R1mSFQLWwhmEZupDyqB8NjIyc4PStz4d+IdV8WeDdK1nWdLtdGvL+BLkWdnfNeIiOoZcyNFHk4PI24HqaAOjopspcRuYwrSYO0McAntk4OB+Fea/Az4j698RdP8St4hstPsL7SdZuNNEemu7xlIyMHc+CxweuB9KAPTKKKKACiuf03x3pGr+MNV8M2k/n6npcMc12qFSse/7qnByG74IroKACiiigAooooA5v4mf8k48V/9gm7/APRL0fDP/knHhT/sE2n/AKJSj4mf8k48V/8AYJu//RL0fDP/AJJx4U/7BNp/6JSgDpKKKKACiiigAoornfiJ44svht4J1jxNqKPJZ6bAZpEj+83IAA9MkjntQBe1/wANaf4mt4ob+OUiGQSxSW9xJbyxsO6yRsrD8DzVjSdItdDsUtLNGSFcn95I0jsT1LOxLMfckmuA8MfE7xNe+IfD+l6/4Mi0uPW4Jbm31DTdVF9bxqiBwshMUTK5B6BSvo5r0utPaT5eS7t26Gfs4KftOVc3fqUdS0W11d7ZroTOLd/MWNJ5ERj/ALaKwWQezgj2q9RRUuTaSb2KUUm2lqwoooqSgooooAKKKKACiiigDzf9nP8A5I34e/7eP/SiWvSK83/Zz/5I34e/7eP/AEolr0igAorgfiN418YeGbwp4b8I2Gu2cFhJfXV7qeryWEUewn92hS2n3uQM4O2sH4S/Fzxn8QovDmo6n4G0/SfD+uWslxFf6drkt89uVHCzI1pEF3dAQ7UAeuUUUUAFFFFABRXD/Gzxhrnw/wDhd4g8ReHrOwv9T022a4SDUpXjhKqMnJQEk+3GfUV0XhHV5vEHhPRdUuFRJ76yguZFjBChnjViBkk4yfWgDWooooAtfsn/APJvvhH/AK53H/pTLRR+yf8A8m++Ef8Arncf+lMtFAHM/EL/AJOatP8AsUD/AOltblYfxC/5OatP+xQP/pbW5QAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUjMEUsxCqoySeAKAForzfUfjbY399NpngrTLrx3qsbGOQ6YVWxt27ia7b92uO6qXf8A2DUH/Ct/Evjr95488QmOxbr4c8NyPbWuP7s1xxNN74Man+5QBoeIPjTomm6rLouiwXfjDxHGcPpWgoJmhP8A03lJEUA/66Op9Aaz/wDhEfHHj/5vFOtr4U0lv+YH4Zmbz3X+7NekBvqIVT/eNd94f8OaV4U0uHTdF0210rT4RiO2s4VijX32qAM+9aNAGJ4T8EaD4F082OgaVbaXbs2+TyEw0rd3kc/M7HuzEk+tbdFFABRXmnx4+O2m/s++Ef8AhJtc0HWtW0ZHEc9xo62zmAnhdyyzxscn+6G98VyHjj9rzTPh3pvg+91rwD4whj8VusWmLF/Zrs8jKGVGxe4UlSDknHPJB4oA96oqDT7mS8soJ5rSaxlkQM1tcFDJET/CxRmXI/2WI96noAKKKKAPN/jX/wAyH/2Nlh/7Ur0ivN/jX/zIf/Y2WH/tSvSKACiiigAooooAKzvEl5Hp/h3Vbqa1+3QwWssr2oGfOVUJKYxzkDH41o0UAfFOgDR/APjDwxqHwW8V3VtLrN7C2sfCy7laZIIpeZJVgceZabM53EBT24rkPiJ408LXHhj9qgHxLZxXSavaTWv2bU/Kd3CKgxscFxncu05BIIIOK/QWigD4i+K3i3wcdc0CfXb3QfFFhd+DoV0mzvNcsrJdPujgC7je5mjTOerRsZF28Kar2P8Awh3/AAuT4L6F4o8WaR4pibwxf/b57vXm1GC4dwCFaWWRi6EA4UnadpwMV9AfEr9n1/iF40OuXMvhHV7ZolhWx8X+EYtY+zAdfIk86Jk3Hk7t/NeieAvAulfDnw3Douj2ltZWcbNIYbO3S3hDtyxSNAFQZ7DpQB8FeHP+EC8VWfwkvZ10DXNE0bxnqGn3Esohuo7a2YFraFs7sITyi9DxtFfola+X9mi8lPLh2DYuzZhccDb247VJRQAUUUUAFFFFABXm/wC0Z/yRvxD/ANu//pRFXpFeb/tGf8kb8Q/9u/8A6URUAekUUUUAFFFFABXhPx81TwN4o8ZeHPAPiLxDpNpdara30DWNzeRpMPNhAjbYTnJYfL6kcV7tRQB8N6t4i1K6+B/iiD4iXEOjnwPp914etrnUp1hXUrwrtSSPcRuPlbQBjO7OK3ofF3gTxPrngl/H17pGrfDGfwpBBp13fyxyaUmooFEqyOTsWYDhdxDDtzX2NRQB8Q+H7iPSrfwNp/xOeWb4US3epLZya/k2jLvH2Jbkvxt252eZx09q5C+8QWGh+DdXiMuvWXw5h8Z3f9t3WmaUl0I7V418hilzBLHLFu6gI2Bj2r9DaKAPzwuIPhbb3vwdg8PeL9b1fwvfeKmKnxE66dbPC8ZDiC2WK3RYt5C58oDJwprV+PGh+DvD97410fQLKx03U/C1rZSWP9tzPcXlrGrhs6Ygw8MfJ3ys7DPBXFffVFAHwndadZaf8Qfi3q3hzSLX/hNb7w7ZX2i3FjYxG+l3IPtEsDFCcsA2WPBOM5rsP2Q5vhprHja51XwL4l8XanrD2Xl6zp17o1tp9nbyD/n48mygWSbdkBgzt6nFfXlFABRRRQAUUUUAc38TP+SceK/+wTd/+iXo+Gf/ACTjwp/2CbT/ANEpR8TP+SceK/8AsE3f/ol6Phn/AMk48Kf9gm0/9EpQB0lFFFABRRRQAVyHxc1DTNL+G+vXGs6K/iHShBsudMjiMjXEbMFKhQCTwc4AzxxXX0UAfHXgOI/Dv4jWGgfBrx1ceLvCl9b3IvvCd5cfaz4fcRkxurn57cbsL5UmDXF/BOx+G3xC+IenWXiDWPGF38To5ZbfXPDd5oNmkMyksJBdzpYqZrfoR5kzHpivvmigD5Z+E/w88PWeqav8I7jwhpslt4V1VtZt3msUMUkUnz2sgJXBcNkHvhRXkvgK88C658SY4fHPinxvpPxb0+/uPtmnQ6VawF4tzZZr2OzEn2by8H95ccAZ4OK/QCigD4D+Fui2F5+y54l8XeE2utX8VWGoX1s+oaVefar9bBrjLKu8uHJjGV3q2R65NeqfseN8M9S17XNV+G/ibxRraXFsg1G2v9It9O0+3lDdNkNnboZ/UruyOpr6oooAKKKKACiiigAooooA83/Zz/5I34e/7eP/AEolr0ivN/2c/wDkjfh7/t4/9KJa9IoA5X4qeINL8MfDvxFqGsaja6XYpYzK1xeTLFGCY2AG5iBkngDvXhngDxVca/8AsQpL4C1GPVtctNGMSrpU6yTRyBsumFOVk2bsA4PSvp2igD478O+F/h5498ZeC7X4f2en3mnajp89t410+1RTE8RiGBfR9PtHmZwZBvyM1yE3g6LRfB8UVt4Y0+TV/g5rLzPctpyM1xZeZuWNG2ZJMbFzjunrX3nRQB8e/ELS/Bm7wdJq2i6Vaz+NLu51WRdcjSDSJneMCP7VGE3XMoXBjQlTkn5hXlPgW88M+ItX+C3h/wAQ61DdSJd6ppt5ps9/LFD9nDMscfkNJhVzwAfmHAzX6MUUAfDXxC07wbpun/F7w94nto7XxPptu0HhG3vN73K6eIgI/sRJLEZyGKcn+KofEfiCCx1jw9rMUen6ys+kaPajSNUin07Wo/kQH+zJGU+ZkjMkOwZxk8c1910UANjcyRo5UoWAO1uo9jTqKKALX7J//JvvhH/rncf+lMtFH7J//JvvhH/rncf+lMtFAHM/EL/k5q0/7FA/+ltblYfxC/5OatP+xQP/AKW1uUAFFFFABRRVHW9d03w3ps2o6tf22mWEI3SXV3KsUaD3ZiAKAL1RXl5Bp9rLc3U8dtbxKXkmmcIiKOpJPAFeaN8Utf8AGx8r4feG3u7Rv+Zj18PZ6eB/eijx51x7bVVD/wA9Kns/gtb61dRX/jvVZ/HF+jB0tbxBFpsDdvLtFOw47NIZG/2qAIpPjNN4pka2+HmgzeLmyVOsSubTSIz6/aGUmX6QrJ6EjrQvwhvfGDCf4ia9J4jQncNCsVa00lPZogxef/tq7A/3RXpscaxRqiKERRhVUYAA6ACloAg0/T7XSrOGzsraGztIVCRW9vGEjjUdAqjgD2FT0UUAFFFFABRRRQB8of8ABS7XtMsP2Z9T0651G0ttQvLmE21pNOqyz7Wy2xCctgdcDivn79onXtFtdE/Z6uj8Wz4ut49Rtp5bO8utL8rT41iQM4NtBG4UEFSZGYDHPPNfphRQB+aH7anjvw7rHxK8Qy6Pf+dq2nW+m3kN/qEsdwEiMud+mFVDwrj5pJBIyEY+Uferuta0/wAD/Ev9tbwnYatf6ffWWs+DxHexwXqp/aEjRjbHIyMGcsMkLnJx7V960UAflt8afDfw88O/Fn4+aVbrpFpDp3hS2TT7RrleLtGAPys37yZRjlsuOvFdr+zV4i0C1/aZ+FJ0zXLSa41TwXImqSDUBNLc3IA8tZmLFmcAfKrHIA4FfopRQB5v8a/+ZD/7Gyw/9qV6RXm/xr/5kP8A7Gyw/wDalekUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5v+0Z/yRvxD/wBu/wD6URV6RXm/7Rn/ACRvxD/27/8ApRFQB6RRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHN/Ez/AJJx4r/7BN3/AOiXo+Gf/JOPCn/YJtP/AESlHxM/5Jx4r/7BN3/6Jej4Z/8AJOPCn/YJtP8A0SlAHSUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5v+zn/AMkb8Pf9vH/pRLXpFeb/ALOf/JG/D3/bx/6US16RQAUUyeNpoZEWVoWZSokjALISOoyCMj3BHtXzp8N/ihc+CLn4lax8SfiXeXXh7w/rbaRatqlrZQRquAVJ+z26O8hJxjOOPu55oA+jqK8+sfjx4N1eTUINPvry8u7OxGom2TSrsST256SQAxZnXPH7oPivn3wL8RPC3jjSNB8aeLfiL468Iazeao0KWSTX9lYX7+aRHbxwyw+XIAAN3kgHk7zQB9h0V5lqX7S3w20u61m2k8SrcTaLKsWpCxsri6FoW6GQxRsFUd2J2juRWd4m+LXgvQfGGo6kninU9U1fTdBa9k8M6WZLmJrf74n8lEPzkdGJ+72xzQB69RXhvw1/ay8KeLtC8HNqv9raZrniUH7Hanw5qKRTNk8JKYTGwC4ywcr1OcV6joPj7RvEviLWtD0+S8k1DRnWO9WbT7iGJGIyAsrxiOTj+4zUAdDRRRQBa/ZP/wCTffCP/XO4/wDSmWij9k//AJN98I/9c7j/ANKZaKAOZ+IX/JzVp/2KB/8AS2tysP4hf8nNWn/YoH/0tqHxl8RPDvgG3hk1zU4rSWc7be1UGS5uW/uxQoC8h9lBoA6KsfxV4y0PwRpZ1HX9VtdJswdokupAu9uyqOrMeyjJNcOdb+InxAO3RdNj8AaK3/MS1uNbjUpF9Y7QHZF7GViR3jra8K/CHQPDeprrE4uPEHiPGDrmtS/aboeojJG2Jf8AZiVV9qAMU+OPGvjw7PB3h4aBpbf8zB4qieNmH96GyBEjfWUxDvhhWhonwX0mHU4dY8SXd1411+I7477Wirpbt6wW6gRQ/VV3erGvQKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA83+Nf/Mh/9jZYf+1K9Irzf41/8yH/ANjZYf8AtSvSKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK83/aM/5I34h/7d/wD0oir0ivN/2jP+SN+If+3f/wBKIqAPSKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA5v4mf8AJOPFf/YJu/8A0S9Hwz/5Jx4U/wCwTaf+iUo+Jn/JOPFf/YJu/wD0S9Hwz/5Jx4U/7BNp/wCiUoA6SiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPN/2c/8Akjfh7/t4/wDSiWvSK83/AGc/+SN+Hv8At4/9KJa9IoAZPI0MMjrE0zKpYRxkBnIHQZIGT7kD3r4/8Q+C/iTrnw1+Nuix/DDWob/xbqTXemLJqWl7SjFB85F4dpGwk/UYyeK+w6KAPmv+y/HNr8UvDGvD4ba7Pp+n+EW0mcx32l7hcsQdoBvBkDGN3T61wt54A+Jd7+z74V8ID4Y6zHrOl+JLfUJ1bUtL8swJO0pZWF3ycNjHBz7c19nUUAfJuseCfiBeXXx0li+HesFfFlvFHpQN/poMjCPYd3+lfJg889umal034f8AjzWPiBpVzdeBdT0fTv8AhBX8PTXl1e6e6w3Rj28rHcsxXI6gHrX1bRQB8vSfDjWdL/ZN0nTNds18L+JvBsMVzpt1PcxSH7TCx2sDGzALJnaBuyd3IHSvaPgxoF/ongKxn1gIdf1TOpam0YwDcS4ZgBk4AGB17VN4y+Dfgz4heJNC17xHoNvq+q6G5fT5rh3KwsTnOwNtbnn5gcV2dABRRRQBa/ZP/wCTffCP/XO4/wDSmWij9k//AJN98I/9c7j/ANKZaKAPPfjn8PPGPxI/aCt9O8G+OLXwHeL4RLTajNov9pSMhvcbY1M8YQ/7R3e2DzVXwb+yX488D3E15p/jzwXPq9wMXGsah4Kvrm+n/wB+eTWCxH+yCFHYCvU/+bpv+5M/9vq9VoA8E/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvR/wp34v/8ARSfBP/hC3n/y3r3uigDwT/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b0f8ACnfi/wD9FJ8E/wDhC3n/AMt697ooA8E/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b0f8Kd+L/wD0UnwT/wCELef/AC3r3uigDwT/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b0f8Kd+L/8A0UnwT/4Qt5/8t697ooA8E/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvR/wp34v/8ARSfBP/hC3n/y3r3uigDwT/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b0f8ACnfi/wD9FJ8E/wDhC3n/AMt697ooA8E/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b0f8Kd+L/wD0UnwT/wCELef/AC3r3uigDwT/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b0f8Kd+L/8A0UnwT/4Qt5/8t697ooA8E/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvR/wp34v/8ARSfBP/hC3n/y3r3uigDwT/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b0f8ACnfi/wD9FJ8E/wDhC3n/AMt697ooA+aPFH7N/wAU/Fv9kfbPib4Pj/szUIdSh8jwPdDdJHnaGzqxyvzHIGD71uf8Kd+L/wD0UnwT/wCELef/AC3r3uigDwT/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b0f8Kd+L/8A0UnwT/4Qt5/8t697ooA8E/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvR/wp34v/8ARSfBP/hC3n/y3r3uigDwT/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b0f8ACnfi/wD9FJ8E/wDhC3n/AMt697ooA8E/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b0f8Kd+L/wD0UnwT/wCELef/AC3r3uigDwT/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b0f8Kd+L/8A0UnwT/4Qt5/8t697ooA8E/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvR/wp34v/8ARSfBP/hC3n/y3r3uigDwT/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b0f8ACnfi/wD9FJ8E/wDhC3n/AMt697ooA8E/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b0f8Kd+L/wD0UnwT/wCELef/AC3r3uigDwT/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b1h+NP2b/in468M3mh3/wATfB8NpdbN723ge6WQbXVxgnViOqjtX0vRQB4J/wAKd+L/AP0UnwT/AOELef8Ay3o/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b173RQB4J/wp34v/APRSfBP/AIQt5/8ALej/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b173RQB4J/wp34v/wDRSfBP/hC3n/y3o/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvXvdFAHgn/Cnfi//wBFJ8E/+ELef/Lej/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b173RQB4J/wAKd+L/AP0UnwT/AOELef8Ay3o/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b173RQB4J/wp34v/APRSfBP/AIQt5/8ALej/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b173RQB4J/wp34v/wDRSfBP/hC3n/y3o/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvXvdFAHgn/Cnfi//wBFJ8E/+ELef/Lej/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b173RQB4J/wAKd+L/AP0UnwT/AOELef8Ay3o/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b173RQB87a58Bfiz4g0XUNLuPiX4MS3vreS2kaLwNdhwrqVJBOrkZwe4NGh/AX4s+H9F0/S7f4l+DHt7G3jto2l8DXZcqihQSRq4GcDsBX0TRQB4J/wp34v/APRSfBP/AIQt5/8ALej/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b173RQB4J/wp34v/wDRSfBP/hC3n/y3o/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvXvdFAHgn/Cnfi//wBFJ8E/+ELef/Lej/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b173RQB4J/wAKd+L/AP0UnwT/AOELef8Ay3o/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b173RQB4J/wp34v/APRSfBP/AIQt5/8ALej/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b173RQB4J/wp34v/wDRSfBP/hC3n/y3o/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvXvdFAHgn/Cnfi//wBFJ8E/+ELef/Lej/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b173RQB4J/wAKd+L/AP0UnwT/AOELef8Ay3o/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b173RQB4J/wp34v/APRSfBP/AIQt5/8ALej/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b173RQB80eC/wBm/wCKfgXwzZ6HYfE3wfNaWu/Y9z4HumkO52c5I1YDqx7Vuf8ACnfi/wD9FJ8E/wDhC3n/AMt697ooA8E/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b0f8Kd+L/wD0UnwT/wCELef/AC3r3uigDwT/AIU78X/+ik+Cf/CFvP8A5b0f8Kd+L/8A0UnwT/4Qt5/8t697ooA8E/4U78X/APopPgn/AMIW8/8AlvR/wp34v/8ARSfBP/hC3n/y3r3uigDwT/hTvxf/AOik+Cf/AAhbz/5b0f8ACnfi/wD9FJ8E/wDhC3n/AMt697ooA8E/4U78X/8AopPgn/whbz/5b0f8Kd+L/wD0UnwT/wCELef/AC3r3uigDyL9kyGa2/Z78IQ3EqTXEcU6SSRRmNHYXEoJClmKgnsScep60VY/Zd/5IT4Z/wC3r/0qlooAP+bpv+5M/wDb6vVa8q/5um/7kz/2+r1WgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAMjxdZXeoeGNTt7DVrrQr14G8nUrGOF5rdgMhlWaOSMnjoyMPavjX4G/FrWfiZofhuy/4aR1C/wDiTfXU6TeHIoNAkjjWGUhxPBHZCeIFB13A5NfZXi69u9P8MancWGk3Wu3qQN5Om2MkKTXDEYCq00kcYPPVnUe9eLfsoeB9b0T4UaNpnjjwLfeG9f8AD9zcSWv227s59/muzbomtp5BjDBSH289iOaAOI0dvif4h8RfHGwT40+JbNPCUqf2SV0jRXChrdpsSg2OXGRt4KnHfPNbPwb+O/iP4neAdc8GeLdQn8EfF3R9MW7lutOigP2yFo98d7bLNHJGyNwGUodpyPQ1n+F7X4jaP4p+Od9P8IfEptvFbK+lFdT0YmXZbmHDj7d8hJO4Z7dcHitP4ifAfW/jR8IPDWrWWm3nw2+Lfhuy8rSrq8ltppEZYwjwytBLJHJDLjGC3Gc4BoA4f4heMvGPw1f4PT+If2hda0LRfFE08Or6nqdp4ftY4dsPmKUkksAic8fNnNe3fAHxA3iq613UNJ+K918VPC0bi1hvrqPTiI7hT8/lS2NvEkiEEckHBrzbxpoPxHtfEPwOntvhnrXiRPCKvc6vc6Xf6ZEhkktxGY4luLuJmIbJJIAx0Jr1/wCG2teI9W8Was0/wyvvAGiTL9pmudZvbKa6vrpjg7Y7S5nVFAHLM2T0x3oAS68deCofjXdWMnjq6TxJp2jNNd+GlumNnDbg7zcyxhdquACNxYHHaug8EfFrwt8RLh4NCv5p51h+0+TdWNxaOYS21ZVWaNCyMfuuMqw5BI5rxfxx4E8Zax+1Pc69b+B7rUPCsnhG50X+0pr60S2lnkywRkE4nCH7pYR5GePWl/Zj+F/j34eeML6LU4NZsPBselx28Fh4j1K11KW3ud2WjsriNmm+yAdFnIIPRe9AHqWoftBeB9N8ReLNBn1DUBrHhaxXUtVs49FvpJI7ZjgSxhYT54J/55b+h9KhX9o74eyafot8muySWer2f9oW00enXTKtvnaJZiIv3Ck8Ay7MnjrXm/jj4c+MtJ/aB8X+LNE8LzeI9N8T+EV0RZob+2gW0uELEGUSur7WDcFFfnqBXkv/AAoH4sWvw88IfZ/DOp+H/Guj6P8A2ZDe+GPEdrLGxMhYR39vclIZrfBywUM46LuoA+q/Gnx88D/D8RvrmqXMELRxzSXFtpd3dQ2sbjKPcSQxMtupB4MpQVwf7THxq8O6f8N/Emj6Z4z1LRvEcmkPfW194etpJ2tlKFo3lnWGSO3V+MNIUzn5TXjXjr4DePtG+LN3rM3wG+Hvxz0/xBZ2glvdbeytpdFuY4gkgBnidmgzkhI1z9K6m4+FnxH8Hw/FXw9p/gS01zTPG1ir2V5pF9bWtppswt/KNtJHM6uI1P3GjVxjqFoA94+FPilbf4F+FvEGv6ixC6LBdXl9duXY/uwWdmOST+prJ1P9qj4W6HoL6xq3itNGs0kiiZdUsrm0n3Sf6seTLGsnzdR8vI5HHNQeHPBfiJf2ZLDwrrGgWcniBNEjsJ9IGoFoWYKFKmdQhHHO5eh6Z7/J/wAXPh948+HfwJ8cxavHrbeGFutLj0mz8UahaX1+sizruSO6hLM9t0Ceed47qKAPs3w78fvAfijUNZsLPXGgvdIgW6vLfUrK4sZFhb7syrPGhkjPZ03KexqLR/2iPAGsya3ENck02fRbcXd9BrWnXWmyxwE4EoS5ijZ4yeA6AqSQAa8C+KnwJ8a/tJLqmsS+G08DzW3hr+ydPs9cnt7o6lMZVlPnLbyyJ9nO3aAx3Hdyq1zGm/Ab4h+M/ht4gs7T9n/4c/BDxVbwwva6hpM1nK2rXEUiuFP2aJfJhYr0dmPPQdaAPffE37SHwr8R+AfFr3fju88J2WmwKuoXklvdaVf2ayf6uWNJ4lk+b+F1Rg3bNcR8bPjLp1r4q+FngKLUPGT+H9ft2nu9V0LT9UN7dQiBTCUubWHfuYkM5jYMP4torE8bWHxo+L3wL+Idvr/wR0vwz4w1XSP7Jhh03XLK7vNQk3DEjTFo444AMkIzswz0rQ1DR/iJH40+BOpxfCnxBc2nhfSzb6sY9R0gNBI8CxbQGvRv2ldxK5GDwSeKAO2+Cfjn4c+D/Bfiu7074r65430nR77y9R1LxPqD3kllKRgW6OY1JI6bRubPBya6qz/aY+G954f1XWR4gkgt9KuUs7y2u9Nu7e9inf8A1cf2SSJZyz/wqEJbtmvmmf4L/F7W7P4v32l+EJPDet3njS18WaAmt31lJBqCQgKYHMFxIY2bB5YAAEc54rtdet/jR488Dy6xefBfQfB/iKbVLNrzT7DUdP1LVp4oyQ1zFcTKlusig4QOWK5OCDQBN+0x8bbXxh+z/qHiP4deMNY0i60nWrSzvFtYJdOuo3MyB4J4p4lmj4PTCE564qLT/ixcfDn9qL4jz+K/FWvXfgvTfB9hqf2Iwy3kNizyEO8cFvEWxgcsVY46nFec+LPgR8ULf4ffFLRdN8Ba1rM3iLxFY6rYPdeILK4uHiQqz+bJPcLhhtIxnGeFyOa9e8BeC/GE37VvifxLrXgHUtO8Iax4TtNHF/eXlhInnRndIjxxXLyYIYqCFIyDnA5oA9Utfj74LvdL8I6jb3eqTWnit9mkOmg35M5xnLL5G6IY53SBRjvXN/GL9pCx+E/xN8B+D5dK1a8m8STuslxZ6Nd3iRxqP4TCjZfOMgA7RycDmuH/AGYfhzqWh+PPE9rcalBqnhHwbeXGl+GDGdzRLM3mTIx/vR58vA7EV1vx2+H/AIm1r4sfCbxd4f0dtct/D99cfb7eO5hgaOOWLasmZHXKg9QuWx0B6UAdPrf7SHw78O+IP7H1HX3tp1uVs5Lo6fdNYwXDY2wS3YiMEUpyP3byBueldF8Rfil4T+Evhs6/4v1210HSPMSIXVyxwzscKqgAlifYV80SfB/4j2vw18d/CSfwemr2HiLVJ7uy8WRahbCzgimlWRvtEbyCfzEwQNkThuOVr0f9qb4f+JPEn7Nt14N8KaHdeKtYkjtbRIoJ7aA7Y2TdIzTyxrjC9ASeelAHVx/tKfD650m51G11W+v4radreS3sdEvri63KoZiLeOBpWUAg7whXHevMPj7+0xoZ0T4cQ+HdS1y80Pxhq0cFxqnhrS9QmmFoN3mRxvbws6TEgDYuJRgkL3rn/wBob4OeMvEGtfD7xrpXwj8N/FdNM0c6TqPgfxZJZo8RYhhNFNL5kKupGDjOR0zTvGHgnx3p+kfB4aF8D7fTU0PXhruoaD4LvNMgtNPjAZfIUzTW4lmOclkQIfUUAem+G/ih4A+C+m2mg6j4x8U6jb3F0BHqHie1v7z7G0pGy2nvWgxERkAJcOJBnBOa3fD/AO098MPFniZdA0XxZb6rqbXzabts7eeWIXKqWMRmVPLBwD1btjrXzbL8CfG2g/GLxBNP+zv4A+J2j+I9U/te38XeIpbGK+0fzNpeK4DxyyTGMj5REccYDd69b/ZZ8E+LfCPjj4v3viTwhdeGrTxBr/8AaOnSyXFnJHLCI1jACwTyMn3chWAwCOc8UAb3xA/aUs/A/wC0B4M+Gr6Tq07a1aXF3cXlvot3dIoUARiNokYH5j87YKoPvFa6GP8AaO+Hkniq38PjX2S9ubg2dvcSWFyljPcDrDHeGMW7yD+4shb2rivjB8NfFWqftDfD/wAZ6JpLatplnpOo6PetHdRQm0NwoCzNvYFlHPCBm6cd6850/wCCvxD1T4R6L8GtX8Irb22kazFdJ4yjvrV7KS2iuDMrrH5n2jzznbtMQXk/PQB9TeOPHmhfDjQJNa8RX40/T1kWIOInleSRjhY0jjVnd2PAVQSewql8O/ip4Z+K2m3l74av5btLO4a0u4Lqzns7i2mHWOWCdEkjb2ZRXJ/tJaP4t1rwPYReENEj129j1S3muIVW0N3FArHfLam7IhWZf4Wc8ZOOa5b9l/4b+KPh34o+Jb65o2oWWn61qceoWN5qmrpqFxMpjCssjB2YMD1z8o6LkUAcX4++KWl/EP8AaC8ReA9Z1/x54R0XQ9Limh1Dw/a6ppyRXJYs881wkHl+UFGA0xMDe5ruPh9+0J8JPBPg3wnpcfxSvPFX9sNKulX2syS3moakVY7iNsQZwD8oIUDoBmsmztfHenftMeO/ER+GGvT+HNT0aHTLTUodQ0rbJJFuJYxteCRUbIAyuc9QBzXi/gD4S/FjQ7f4HW978Ktah/4RTxLqGq6pINV0lljhn3BNuLzLN82SAOgPfigD670f49eB9e8K3PiGx1aeawtrtrCWE6bdJercr1h+yNEJzJ6II8nsDWt8Pfih4a+KWmXN94b1B7yO1nNtcw3FrNaXFtKOqSwTIkkbezKDXxl4v+BfxP8AF0njTVk+E9nqUkfjKTxHZ+G/GNzp09lrdq8YjMR2TyrHIMbh5igDPXPFfSf7MvhfUfD3hXUJ9S+EPhX4LzXs6v8A8I/4akt5idq4Mk8tvGkbsewAOBxk0AeO/Eb44eG/E/xs8Z+H/Fnivxz4D8OeFbK1mt9T0e21TTYYpmJaSW4kWDy2TjavnbonB+UE817Xo/7UPwxv9HkubTxTJqEVtHbgMNOummuvNXMXkxiHdOz4PESsevFeNeNvD/xJvPiR8a72z+EviG907xRoUOk6Xdw6no6rJJHEyF3V75WRCWyMjPHIFaMPwp+IOn/Cr4G6lYeGWPiPwDIGv/C91eWyy3aGLy3EUqytDvH3l3OAe5FAHqlx+1h8J7Hw2dcvPGNvp1kt+ulvFf209vdRXTEYhe2kjEyPyDhkHHPSnXf7VHw0sRrQm1u+W40Yj7fZjQ79rqFCMibyBB5hhxz5wUx453V85/HL4I/Efx3Z+LPFOk/D6/GqeJNY0eZPDi6hp6z20Fk4aSaeRrkQ736BY3f3IruPEGj/ABDuvi78Vtag+FXiCbS9e8JppOnzrqWkgy3IjYFSpvQVGXwGI/hPQYJAPpC48Rf2t4In1zwy0WsNPYNd6dsOUuWMZaIduGOB2618rfspfFvxX8TfEvibVdT+Id1c3+ltANf8G6xYQ239nMI281YI1jWRNjAAMWZX6kk817j+z/pXibwz+z74a0jU/D8uheJ9L0sWh07UbiCRTMiYUmS3kkXYxxyDnHYV4Unwp8Z/FD9pSy8Waj8PbjwPd6dLbDVNfmvIDHe2otmSW1gMMjNMjsc/OF245APFAG7Y/GvxvB4F0b4w3uubvC+qaytmfCv2WAQQ2DzmFJUmEfnGbIDHLlCDgIOten/tPfH2L9nj4dx+IDpl5qd1dX1vY28dvYTXUatJIqlpPKGVG0nHOWOAATxXl9r8FfHFz4F0P4O3Wg+X4W0nWEu28VG7tzBPYRzmZIkhD+cJskA7kCjGd56V6J+138Nde+KXwefSvDdn/aOrWuqWOox2ayxxtOsM6uyK0jKgYgHG5gKAN3xJ+0h4B8IxQPq2pajZmS3W6ljOhX7SWcLdJLtFgLWqn1nCV2V9rzX3g261jw4YdYkksXudP8pw0dy2wtGAQeQxx3718+x+GfiR4O8efELVYfAEnibS/HtnCwitdTs1l0q4WFojFcedKgaLBBLQ+YeuFPU+r/Bv4e6l8I/gfoHhOKS2vtX0nTmiTJKwNN8zBc4zsDMFzjoOlAHgn7I/xS8X/Frxhr97ffEK6utUsZbaLXPBmsWENt/Z77GEqQRrGsiBGwAxZ1fOSSea9G8P+PvGi/tga/4K1LXLa98JjQE1OysIdPWF7djJtw8u5mkOO/yj/Zrzaw+Gfjf4hftQaX41u/h9P4G1DSLi0fUfEE95A0d5brbsslrAYZGaZHcg/OF245APFdtY6B40T9tDUPFb+AdXTwhLoiaMmuG904xGRZN/m+ULrzvLPT/V7s/w45oAxdS+MXjnUvCfjL4q6Zri2nhvw1q0llB4XNtA0F9awyLHNLLMUMqyHJK7HVRtwVbNXL34q+NviNJ8Q/EfhDxD/YWjeCVX7Npf2SCZNVkWETTC5eRC6LtO1REyEE5JPSqWq/B3x1p3hDxj8KNJ0IXXh3xJq0l5B4pa6t1gsbWaRZJopIi/nNKCCF2oyndksMVcv/hX42+HP/Cw/DXg7w82uaP41VTbar9rt4Y9KkaEQzG5WRxIy7RuXylck8EDrQB6Xr3xvt9O/Z2l+J9tarIjaOmow20jYXzHUBUJ9N7AZ9K84uPix4u+CeoeGLvxx4ibxRpfifSrq9aKS0gtzp93DB5/kwmJFLRFfl/eb2BGd3atDWvBWp6h4PuvgKfDr2nh7/hGYoNP8V/bo5EnuIwCVe2H7yNQ6j5jwc4FZ118J/F3xw1Pwxa+N/Dj+FdJ8M6VdWbSSXdvOdQvJoPI86EQuxWIL8w8zYxJxsHWgCDRfi5428I6X8OfHHivxD/aWh+NLlYLvRfscEcOlCVGeA27ogkbAAD+Yz5zxtqnY/GvxvB4F0b4w3uubvC+qaytmfCv2WAQQ2DzmFJUmEfnGbIDHLlCDgIOtW9J+Evjbxlp/wAOfBHijw6dL0HwXcrPea017byRaqIkZIBbpG5kXIILeYseCON1U7X4K+OLnwLofwdutB8vwtpOsJdt4qN3bmCewjnMyRJCH84TZIB3IFGM7z0oA+rqKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q/Zd/wCSE+Gf+3r/ANKpaKP2Xf8AkhPhn/t6/wDSqWigA/5um/7kz/2+r1WvD/HHiyH4e/tD22t6ppHiS60m48LGyS70Pw3qGrIJhd79j/ZIJdh28/NjNbf/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGgD1WivKv8Ahpbwj/0CPiB/4bjxD/8AINH/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGgD1WivKv8Ahpbwj/0CPiB/4bjxD/8AINH/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGgD1WivKv8Ahpbwj/0CPiB/4bjxD/8AINH/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Vrjfin8I/C/xo8NjQPF1ndahpImWc29rqV1ZbnU5UlreRGODzgnGa5z/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INH/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaAPS9M06HSNOtrG2837PbxrFH50zzPtAwNzuSzH3YkmrVeVf8ADS3hH/oEfED/AMNx4h/+QaP+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGj/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDQB6rRXlX/DS3hH/AKBHxA/8Nx4h/wDkGj/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDQB6rWF458D6J8SfCOqeGPEliNT0LVITb3lo0jxiWM4JXchDDp2INcP/wANLeEf+gR8QP8Aw3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDQB2vgPwD4e+GPhWw8NeFtJt9F0OxTy7eztgdqD6kkk+pJJNdBXlX/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaP+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf8AoEfED/w3HiH/AOQaP+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/DceIf/AJBo/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0Aeq0V5V/wANLeEf+gR8QP8Aw3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDQB6rRXlX/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaP+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf8AoEfED/w3HiH/AOQaP+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/DceIf/AJBo/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0Aeq0V5V/wANLeEf+gR8QP8Aw3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDQB6rRXlX/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaP+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf8AoEfED/w3HiH/AOQaP+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/DceIf/AJBo/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0Aeq0V5V/wANLeEf+gR8QP8Aw3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDQB6rRXlX/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaP+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf8AoEfED/w3HiH/AOQaP+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/DceIf/AJBo/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0Aemw6fa291NcxW0MdzNjzZkjAd8dNx6n8asV5V/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGj/AIaW8I/9Aj4gf+G48Q//ACDQB6rRXlX/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGj/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/wDQI+IH/huPEP8A8g0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5Bo/4aW8I/8AQI+IH/huPEP/AMg0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGj/AIaW8I/9Aj4gf+G48Q//ACDQB6rRXlX/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGj/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/wDQI+IH/huPEP8A8g0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5Bo/4aW8I/8AQI+IH/huPEP/AMg0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGj/AIaW8I/9Aj4gf+G48Q//ACDQB6rRXlX/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGj/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/wDQI+IH/huPEP8A8g0AH7Lv/JCfDP8A29f+lUtFS/sy2d3YfA7wvFfWN5ptzsnka11C2ktp4w1xIy74pFV0O0g4YA89KKAPUKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigD/9kzoOkMu2F5pmXClQcyNkgnjOAVv/Bv/kovx2/7HO2/9R7RqKAD4yf8lF+BP/Y53P8A6j2s16rXlXxk/wCSi/An/sc7n/1HtZr1WgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvh3Svizf6V8QPib4T8Y/tMa7pOraH4jtdG0HS44PDaahfR3FvatG/2d7DdKRLcMpZAo2oeBgmvuKvmn4E+E/E2qePfjCPHPwx1fw7oPivXYNesJ9TvtOnTENvZwpG62t3K6TeZbmQYBQBfvg4BAKLW/wAT3/aS8N+Ar74v69aWN54En1u/XTNM0jAv4JrS1ZoWlsXYRsZ3k2tuO7AyF+WofgP8fPFej+PLz4ZfFfUmvbzU9R1SDwf40NtDbLrEdrdS28ltKkaCJLuMxFgAoV0KnGfvdB4gtvG9v+2Lpni61+Guval4SsfCl34dfVre/wBLVZJpru1uBKkUl4snlqIGUllDbjwpHzVHpPwjl+PHwb8R+DPiJ4H1rwPN/buoavpd9c3tlJc2009/cXVtdW0lpcS+XLF5qg7ioJyBvUmgDz34wa58Svhn8C/GHjVfjj4kFxo3im30xZb7TNCWCOzbU4bN2cjTx8wjmZy+QAUHAGQfS/hH4utPFnxMjtvCX7QF18V9O060NxrFi50W5to0lEiQMs9haRMsokjPyM2CpJOOA3mvjT4Z/GNf2U5PA2peG7j4hePLzxRHfXmp6Tc2NpBJDb6tBdrcOJ54sNNFDwiA4ckNtAr3DR/FvizxB8RNKuIfg5rXhYXCfZdV8ReIr/SyIrSMPIkUcdpezvI7SNgbgqoHZsn7pANb4n+LPCWk+N/h3pGueNL3w5rt7qrS6TpFhcsh1h1hdGhnRVbfCPMDkHaAyIc8YrT0n40eD9c8VP4ds9Vkk1QXk2noGsrhIJ7iFZGnihnaMRTNF5MgkEbN5bLtbaxAPmX7T3hPxd4n+IHwSvfDXhC/8R2Hh3xSNZ1W5tLuzhW3gFvLDjbPPGztmYNhQeEbnOAeW8H/AAh+IHhn9oK21fSdO1TRPDNz4h1bVNatbrVba/0KaCVrrybizikZrm1vpGlR5AirERJMN3O0gHvmvfFrwt4Z+I3hnwLqd9cWvibxKk8mk2xsLhobryY2kmAuBGYVZURmKs4bG3j5lzzul/tNfDzWvDX9uWWqajPa/wBrSaELUaDqAvzfRpvlgFmYPtBZEBZv3eFCsSQAcc78fvAfiTUPi18FvH3h/QbjxNH4O1LUTf6bZXNvBcNDd2EluJE8+SNG2OUJG8HGcBjxXji/An4i6jpvi1Nb8GX9iJfH2o+KtM1Dwj4qit9at0mhaNZLZn8uHceFMcz7XSR9wQqAwB9Par8bPB+k+HbHW/7RuNSsL7zTaDRtOutRnuFibbJJHBbxySPGpxlwpUblOcMM5OqftCfD+TwXo2tWviaa6sfEkcq6VJoVjPf3k2zKyPHbRRSSfuj98tHhCMPjpXzF40+A/wAWf7E+F/i3Wvhj4S+OOt6VYajpet+D/ES2Fu+ye88+3uo5HU2yXIRUWZkBDMX27wdw73wn8OfHfwy+IXgzx1pfwn0Wx02bw9d6DqXgjwZd2kA0RpL4XMc0TSmCGbcABKV2EsAVDAUAdp+xP4i1PxN8E5rrVfEV94rni8R63aRavqNwJ5riGLUZ44iWAC42KuAoCgdABxXYN+0h8OIU1KW58Sx2Ftp6XEst3fWs9tbyRwELPJDNIipNGjMqs8TMoYhc7jiue/ZK8C+Lfh38O9a0jxdotnot1J4k1bULWK0vxdB7e5vJZ0YlUAXiTAGScAEhSdo8Y0f4Q/EDwPrGuXkWn6roXhCTQdZudY0vUdUttR0qKeaF2j/srLtdW7lyTLG22EchWfCkgH0F4R/aa+G3jrWvDul6N4hee58RWxu9Gkn066t7fUUVN7CCeWJY5HVclo1YuuDuUYNX9O+PngbVPGlj4Vg1eZdX1DzBp7XGnXUNpqBjUs4tbp4hBcFVVmIidjhSegNfL3wB8G+KfjV8Bf2cNIl8L3XhrQvCsFhrsnii4vLZxdCOxljijtEilMwZ2mXf5qRgKrgb8g1T+Av7N/jTwj9g8B69+z/8N9KOj2smnp8YLE2f2u7iWJo4547ZIvtAuXG3c7yLyWbn7pAPqDRv2mPhpr2vPpNp4njW4+y3F9DPdWlxb2l3bwczy21zJGsNysY5Ywu4UcnivGfiN+0FoXgb9lvQdX8B+LfE3jHT/EGtx6VZ+Kvsd3qN15UurCC7YSpAdrorTRwbgCxSMR+YQAbH7PNp8bPDOn+F/Cfj74ReHzb+AtPNlZeMrPV7a4n1KGO3aJEsrYhWt5ZAsKs0skaEbsgZAHm/h34V/FjQv2M/BPw/l+FOszeKtL8YpqtzaRarpOxbaLWRqXmCQ3gU70kMarnO+N9wVdrMAe4fBO/+H2jfFLxBp2h/E/xrrWsf2Suo3HhHxhqV7MujWrMjCRo7yMTwud6nE7l9r8DaBjt/Dv7S/wANfFF9fWtl4mSN7PTH1ppL+0uLOGbT0+/eQSzRok8C95YmdB614d44+Fvj34uftAeOdQfwTq/hTw14p+E8vgqPWtQvNOk+x30rzz7pIoLp5CqfaBGSgPzocZTDmXwxb/H3xR8O9Y0fxX8F/BOn+KNE8L3ej2Gu6hqVvqMOuu8GzyI7cKDBBK6RNIsr7WChSvOUAPTdW+O/hT4reBvHGmeDfE+qaX4hsdBk1SNzplxp94kDI5iuoFu4FEkTFCBKisp7HODXgnw9+Ini1tQ/Yp1K+8Y+ILy08SaDqMmuaeZ2mTUZIdHknWWVVUyzSb2zgswyqkLuGTraL8KfiTpfjjVvFb+CvE2pf2r8OJ9Alh1XXdOe6jv/ADdyxLFHOttDG3G0QlUxkttb5TS+H/wt+J2h3v7IKXvw11aCP4e2d5ZeI5v7S0xltTNZGyV1AuyZFB/enYCfLIwC/wAgAPofR/2pPhzr3w51Tx3Yanqtx4Y0y+/s26uh4d1ISrceYsZjWA24lfDuEJVCFbIJBBxW/aS/aEtfgH8LIPFf9mahqM19eWljaQx6ZcTBHnkRQ06IoaMAMflbDM2EALECvPIfhdeQ/tc6toulXts3gG/Np4+1vSV5e31eMvBBx0VLh447nPXzNPJ43HPdftf/AA3174pfBG80nwzZf2nrVtqmmanDYLLHE1ytvfQzSRq8jKisUR8bmAJABIzkAG/4m/aM8CeDrW0m1a/1O2aexXU3tl0HUJbmztWJAnu4EgMlpHlWG6dYwCjAnKnHWzePPDsHgpvF761Yjwstl/aP9ridTbfZtm/zQ44K7ec14hbaP8RPh78bvGfjS38BTeLtE8cabpyvYafqVnHdaTdWqSxiOb7RLGjwssgYtEzlW3gK4IY9P8Ifhjq/wS/Zb0rwYbX+39c0vR5ozY6W8aiWeTfIYIWmaNdoaTYrOyDCgnFAGh4c/ak+GPi60ludG8SnUYUsYdRRodPuibiGWR4ozAPKzOzSRumyPc+VwR0rhfj1+1ronh79mz4heNPBN3fXWuaPFNp0cMmh3q3Gm35iLIbu3khEluqgh906pGflBb5xnzBf2dfiFqH7Evwn8Kv4I0q88ZeA7+21C58G+KXtbix1pYo54pIGdJJIsMtyXRnPDxqSBwak8Y/C3x1r37JvxH8P6F+zn4f+HHiTxZDHpsHhjwjfaZvGAxN3eXANvCUHCKieY6k55DHYAet+E/G3gX4P6fqPiCXxT8R9R0/VoluH0vxJp2sahPYLEXSS5+zS2zXVrFI2cs4WH5BsCgV0GoftdfCDT7+SyPjixvLmOwttTkj06Ka88u1uDEIZmMKMFVvPiOTj5XDHC814V8Zvhj468TfFjT/idF+zx4e+KlhrWiQaPfeDvHFzpceo6FNbXFwyTxXDNcQeXIs5LLGWY4TIBGB1nwp+GvjPw7+1faeJLz4b2vhfwpD8Pbbwys2gz2S6Za3S3cl48UEQlWbylEoh3+Su50ZtioQaAPRv2lf2hrf9n3SvB8z6XqGpXPiLxJp+ix/Y9MuLyOKOW5jWdmEKk+Z5Jk8qMZeSTaFRwGA1PFX7Snw88EzeXres3Vj5cMM93K2kXrRaakqhozeyLCVsyVYHFwYyAeRXP/tYfDvxD4/8L+Bbjw1pkmtX3hnxtoviSXTYZoYpbm3trgNKsbTOkYfYSw3MAduM81wbeA/iT4TuPjPoaeA4/FmmfEqV9StL631O1WDTri4sIrWe2vRM6SNDGYQVeGOUspPyA8UAfTmoa7p2k6Hc6zeX1vbaTa2zXk19JIBDHCql2kLdAoUE56Yrjvh38efBPxU1i70nw7qlzLqdraxX72eoaZd6fK9rISI7iNbiKMywsQQJE3IfWsa6+Heu+C/2V/8AhA/D0OneKPEWk+D10Ozh1qJWs9RmisxCqzIx2lJCvKscENgnGa8u+CXwv8daD+0HpnjPWPDuvW+mXvgsaPfXOv6zZzzWt2lyJNggtpDDFGwUbFtxsxkttbggGt+0z8YrXQ/il8N/h7eP4utNH1x7661efwtpeqNczQxWrmKGGeyhaQnzWV3ED70Ea79qOdy+A/jB8I/gb4d8YTah8a9Y8U2Wm6zFpd/feKtSe/azvPJ2raQssQ3ErCzFU3ksHZjnNXvjZY+NZv2ivhL4g0L4d614m8P+GU1JtQ1CwvtNiGbuAQoqJcXUbsUK7myoGCNpY5A8E+L3wd+LXinw/wDtG6Zpfws1i5l8b+KtF1DRpTqukpHJb2b2xlkfdeAoCLQ7QRuPmx5A+faAfYWg/HbwP4j1DxHZWutmC58PW8d7qKajZz2Xl2zhylwhnjQSwt5b4lj3IcfeqbwP8aPCXxD1/UtC0e+vE1vTolnuNN1TS7vTrkQsSqzLHcxRtJESCBIgKE96+bPjb8IviH8avij8QTY+CL7QdK1/wDYaHZatrVzp0toL63vJr7yriGK5eQwv5qwMQjDO/gphj2X7KfgnxDpGvXmp6/8As6eA/ghcQ2LWb33huWzmutTdpI2+Q20a+VAPLLFHd2ZvL6bDkAT9pH4w2On/ABk+H/w21G48X6boOrWupahq114Z0/VI538mOEQJHc2cRcoGnZ5DC/7vy4xIVV8N0nwt/aS+Etv4W03SNP8AibN4otrGyu2PiHWfMfz47Pb9oea78pImdBJGTyCwIb5uTWb8XrPxs37T3wx8T6N8ONc8R+G/DWmava3uo2F9pkQZ70WoTy457uNyE+zNvyB94bd3NebeD/gD8Q/En7KfxM8E3vh5/BnivVfFd14k0yLWLq1nhnB1NL6GKRrWaXaGESxPnpvONwFAHvtr+1D8Mp7fXZrnxI2if2HZLqV/Dr+n3WlzRWjMEW4EVzFG7xFiFEiAqSQAckVHp/7VHwx1S40yG18QXEsuq6WusaYv9k3oOp2zKjZtMw/6TIBLHmGLdIpbBUHivIvit4G+IPxkvp/F8nw41Dw7qej+C9b0CDRpdS0+W61W81BII1CSJcGJbeLy3bdK6OdxxHng5vgnwZ8StBvP2U0uvhbrgh8C+HpdL8QTJqWlEWsz2aWSlR9szIoMPnEpnEciYDSbo1APqP4ffETw98UvDMPiDwxfnUdLkllg3vBJBJHLFI0ckckUqrJG6urAq6gjHSvlLQvi1498Z/tWa54Ou/HVx4L8SaS2sHTPB99Ywx6ZqVglxZ/YZwzIZLgzxfaGZ45N0RjYBVAcSetfsk6B4s8NaD48g8WeD9R8Iz6l4w1fXrRL+7srjzbe8upJ4xm2nlAdFYBg2Bk/KWGSPKf2nvhr8Qvjt4u0nQR8OmtNYsItUXQ/HUN9ALHSi2oWD216H3+ek6QRNuhEfzszqpZN7IAd14j+Ifj3xrq3xe1fwf4gXRNN+G8xsLLS2tIJYdbvorOO7uFu3kRpEixPHEohaNlIZyzAhB6ddfG7R7L4Bw/Fh7LULnQ5NBh8QLaafbPc3LQyQrKqqiDJOGGScKoyzFVBI8v8TfD3x/4K1D4v6N4M8PLren/EiZtQstWa8t4YNFvprKO0uGu0kcSPGPIilXyVkJLMhVQNx9QvfhSmn/s8z/DPRpv3cHhZvDllNMOy2n2eNm59gTzQBynw1/am8O+Ivgp4E8ZeIhqGnar4h023nbSrTQNRkuJrg28Us/2S2ELTTwIZOJo1eMqQd5HNeoeBfH3h/wCJnhm28QeGNUh1jSLgsqXEORhlYq6MrAMjqwIZWAYEEEA18ufDf4c/FH4cx/BDxa/gOfUbnwp4J/4QfWfDEOp2Rv1UR2Z+2W7tMtucy2jLsMwPllDncSi+0fs6fDfVPAOmeN9S1m0j0u+8X+KbzxM2kxyLJ9gWZIo1iZ0+VpCIRI5Uld8jgFgNxAPCdC+LXj3xn+1Zrng678dXHgvxJpLawdM8H31jDHpmpWCXFn9hnDMhkuDPF9oZnjk3RGNgFUBxJ6t8bvH3jTwZ+0B8EdK0rXLa28J+KNTutO1LS/7PV5pWjtJ5g/2hmO1crGNqoDlSdxBwPLf2nvhr8Qvjt4u0nQR8OmtNYsItUXQ/HUN9ALHSi2oWD216H3+ek6QRNuhEfzszqpZN7J3/AO0hoHjTWvjZ8FdW8OeAdX8TaP4U1S41TUr+xvdOhQLNbTW4jRbi6idnUsrn5Qu1hhmbKgA2fEHibxn8TPjJ4w8F+EfE7eDLTwdpdlcTXkNnBdNf6hdiZ44ZVmR9tvHHEjMI9kjGYYddvPH+BPjx4m/aQ1DwPoXh/VZPAMt54S/4SfXr7ToYLq4hnN0bRLSEXEckflmaC7LOULFY1C7SxYdh4g8N+Mvhn8YvGPjLwj4Wbxpa+MtMsoJbOK8t7VrDULQSxxyytM6Zt5I5UDGPe6mDhG38cd4B+A/ib9m288D65oOkzfEC4tPCX/CMa9Z6bPb2s8s4uWu47uE3Ekcfl+dPdBlLBgsiEBiu2gD1v9nv4k6h8Tfh9Jda0kCeItH1XUPD+rfZVKwvd2V1JbySRgk4V/LEgXJ278ZOMnxjSfjp4zb4Z+Hvjpda7v8ABus69b2cnhMWsH2e20m51AWVvcpMEE7XI8yCZsuYyC6BF4cdh8M7DxZ8BdJ8IaLfeF49en8Y+INU1TxPq9hqUaR6TeXlw1wiRwuA9wuZShZANqwNIQAcVx2mfAvxovwz8N/AqfQTH4N0TXra6k8WG7t/s91pFrfre29ukIczi5PlwwvuRUAVnEjZCkAl8QfGzxvL4F+I/wAYtN1zyPC/gzW7yzt/Cq2kDQalp9hOIb2WWZk84TuY7kxFHVFAjDI+TWvrXxM8c/EG8+LOveCfES6Po/w8f7Hp+mm0glg1y8jsorycXbyIZEi2zxxKIWjZSGcswIQY/iP4J+N4vAPxE+DelaE0/hjxjrV5eW/iz7Zbrb6dp9/OJryGWJn85p0MlwsexGRg0ZZ0wQNbXfhp46+H0/xa8PeBvDa6xpXxCkN7p+pteQRQaHeS2UdnObpZHErxAQRSr5SyElmQquNxAPefh94ytPiJ4C8NeK7BGjsdd0y21S3R+Ssc8SyKD74YV0Fc/wDD7wbafDvwF4a8KWDtJY6Fpltpdu7jlo4IljUn3woroKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8q+Df/ACUX47f9jnbf+o9o1FHwb/5KL8dv+xztv/Ue0aigA+Mn/JRfgT/2Odz/AOo9rNeq14/+0BqDaDr/AMIdfk03WNR03R/FstzfnRNIutTmgifRNVgWQw20ckm3zZok3BcAuM4q3/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINH/DS3hH/AKBHxA/8Nx4h/wDkGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINH/DS3hH/oEfED/w3HiH/wCQaAPVaK8q/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0f8ADS3hH/oEfED/AMNx4h/+QaAPVaK8q/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINH/DS3hH/AKBHxA/8Nx4h/wDkGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINH/DS3hH/oEfED/w3HiH/wCQaAPVaK8q/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0f8ADS3hH/oEfED/AMNx4h/+QaAPVaK8q/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINH/DS3hH/AKBHxA/8Nx4h/wDkGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINH/DS3hH/oEfED/w3HiH/wCQaAPVaK8q/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0f8ADS3hH/oEfED/AMNx4h/+QaAPVaK8q/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8ADceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINH/DS3hH/AKBHxA/8Nx4h/wDkGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINH/DS3hH/oEfED/w3HiH/wCQaAPVayvFXhjT/GnhvUtB1Vbh9N1CBra5S1upbWRo2GGUSxMrrkcZVgcGvP8A/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INH/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaAOv8Ahv8ADnQPhL4N03wp4Xtbix0HTUMVpa3F7PdmFMkhFknd32jOAu7CjAAAAFdNXlX/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGj/hpbwj/0CPiB/wCG48Q//INAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/wDQI+IH/huPEP8A8g0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5Bo/4aW8I/8AQI+IH/huPEP/AMg0Aeq0V5V/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGj/AIaW8I/9Aj4gf+G48Q//ACDQBs/B/wCBXgP4B6DdaN4B8N23hzT7u4N1cJC8kjzSkY3PJIzO2BwATgDpiu8ryr/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGgD1WivKv8Ahpbwj/0CPiB/4bjxD/8AINH/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGgD1WivKv8Ahpbwj/0CPiB/4bjxD/8AINH/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGgD1WivKv8Ahpbwj/0CPiB/4bjxD/8AINH/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/ANAj4gf+G48Q/wDyDR/w0t4R/wCgR8QP/DceIf8A5BoA9Voryr/hpbwj/wBAj4gf+G48Q/8AyDR/w0t4R/6BHxA/8Nx4h/8AkGgD1WivKv8Ahpbwj/0CPiB/4bjxD/8AINH/AA0t4R/6BHxA/wDDceIf/kGgD1WivKv+GlvCP/QI+IH/AIbjxD/8g0f8NLeEf+gR8QP/AA3HiH/5BoA9Nk0+1lvYrx7aF7uJWSO4aMGRFPUBuoBwMj2qxXlX/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaP+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf8AoEfED/w3HiH/AOQaP+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/DceIf/AJBo/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0Aeq0V5V/wANLeEf+gR8QP8Aw3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDQB6rRXlX/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaP+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf8AoEfED/w3HiH/AOQaP+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/DceIf/AJBo/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0Aeq0V5V/wANLeEf+gR8QP8Aw3HiH/5Bo/4aW8I/9Aj4gf8AhuPEP/yDQB6rRXlX/DS3hH/oEfED/wANx4h/+QaP+GlvCP8A0CPiB/4bjxD/APINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf8AoEfED/w3HiH/AOQaP+GlvCP/AECPiB/4bjxD/wDINAHqtFeVf8NLeEf+gR8QP/DceIf/AJBo/wCGlvCP/QI+IH/huPEP/wAg0AHwb/5KL8dv+xztv/Ue0aiqn7P+oNr2v/F7X49N1jTtN1jxbFc2B1vSLrTJp4k0TSoGkENzHHJt82GVNxXBKHGaKAPYKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigD/2Y/bbeWIqx+y3RuiIVZlzzG5UHAbvQB1X7RvjTxP8OfhDr3inwnLpKalpMQuWi1mzluYZowwDIBHNEVY54bJA9DXKw/GLxjH8aPCXh+WHRrvw9r/AIWfWVt4LSaO9juURSUEpmZGRieB5YI9T1r0v4nfD+3+Jvw513wjc3c1lBqtm1qbqPDSR5HDjPUggHnrXlnhn9mzxTp/i7wr4k1v4mPq2paDo02ixi00SO0jkicAK+PMdlYADJ3HJ6belAFD4d/tBeItWj8Q6zr+p+F5tM0ezubrUfDtjY3NprOkNGGKRzLNM3mBgvEgjjBzwMc1zvgf9q7xrrHjDw9LqHhTUL7wbrVvJcTzWngrW7B9EURmRGmvLqMQXCMoxuQIAemRzXa2f7Ner6/4ss9Z+IPjCz8Viw0660u3Gn6GdOnmgnXa4upTcS+dhegVYxnkgmpPhf8As5+I/A9rHoOu/E2+8W+B7FHi0zQ59Mit5YYiCqpNdKxeYIpIXhPfdQB8/wD7RPjfx38VvhL4C8aXcXh6w8Fap4v0x7LTVtJjqcUYuSI5HuDL5Z3YJKCIYBHzGvsT4weLtW8CfDrWNc0PTDq+pWkYaO38qSUDLAFzHH87hQSxVeSB1HWvDrr9jTXpvAOm+Ao/iXjwXo+tW+r6TbTaEr3tqsUpkFu0/nhZEBJAPlhh3LV9AeOPD+teIvCk+n6H4hbw7rLBTDqv2UTiNgQctFuUMD3XcOtAHguv/tA+OfDvwP13xxYar4E8cC0ureOzvtIhuLa2mjd1R1khM8rxSKzYwX47jtU19+0Z43+FvxEl0b4i6Xol5o1/oNzrmlXnhuOdJIzAoaS2mEjNvYgjDoBn+6K82/am8DWvwd+CPxF8Q+LfHGjp4p8Y3FjF51nYrpdm0kToA8Vs80peTGWZmds47CvX/CPwPh+KVvbeK/GnjDTfiDDd6DJpOmzaLp4s7OO1mXEkg/fzeZKw4LhgvHCCgDk/Bf7VnjW88WWEuseFb6/8HX+mz6hNeWfgvW9MOjlIzIqTXN4ghuFZRjegj56Ajmuz+H3xG+LvjSfwf4li0Xw3f+BfEiPLJb2gkhvdIiKkwyyTSTbbjdwCkcKlc9T1qz8M/wBnnxL4T0z+wPFXxMvfG/hG0ge007SZ9LhtZIoWUoqzzoxacqpwpwnuDUXwf/Zz8SfCmO20eX4l3eveDNJkaTQ9EuNLjiktOSUSa4V906JngAJ7k0AcJP4v8R+LPgD8bX0a28M+DtX0zUtStZp7DS5HjuUSP55GCzRMZnBx5hbjurdKxfCi3fg7w3+ztqOt+HfAvijVtYurPTE1x/DxhvrCBoSyCF3mlYSDHL7gDk/IK7rTf2Y/Hem/Dr4keGI/iXo32jxlfzXh1D/hFJP9DWbiVFj+3fOSMBWJGOchqW9/Zn8e33hv4WaY3xI0NJvAl9HeJcJ4TlxeiNdkaspv/kwmckE5ODgdKALX/C3vin48k1nW/hzonh/VPD+ja42jPpGoiRL+/EbhbiZLgzJFBtzlVZJC2Oormfjl+0943+EviXUHaPwvb6bZXdrFF4flimvdU1C2kZVe582CbbaIpbA86IgkfeFdhov7M+u+E/Hmv3/h34kXmj+CvEF4dQ1PwuumRyN9obHmG3uWfMKPjldjdTzWR4s/ZD1LXYfiNYaf46j0vRvGF7DqXkNoiz3FpPGUwvnGYb4fkHybVYdn7UAXLWO3n/bY85IEUXPgkO/yjLZuP4vXivIPBfjrx58I/wBne48SeCV8PLotj4vv01uLVdNnuXgtGutrTQiK4iA2ZyQc8c17nZ/AnxtY/Gi38ex/EDSp44tFGi/2fc+GnLsoO7zDKl2ozvwcBMYGOvzVzHhnQdN/ZZ+Geo+GPij420/xRYeKNQuhZQ2fh6a0kuJpwWktwqzThs5wuduO5PWgD0nw34y8U+Jvi9d2VhqWg3vgKy0uCad4tOmF413Ku5Ak32gx+WV+fHlZGcZ71wnxc1Xx9/w1X8LtG8PeKNM0rRbrT9QuJbK+0iS6VyirvLFLmIkleF7IeSH6V3H7NHwrT4Q/CXS9GLXEl1KXu53unZ5QXOVQluRsTauO2KtePvhFeeK/iZ4M8a6V4gXRdQ8PrcQPDNYi5S5gmUB0HzpsfgYb5gP7poA8h1z9prx1L8OfEXxX8PWPh658A6Bfz20+i3VvP/aV1bwyeXLOlyJRHGwOSIjC2QPvjNe8eI/GlxH8J77xboUUEkw0dtVtY77cEI8nzVDheenpXkUf7JN7p2l+JvCOleNhafDPxHeve32gTaSJruJpHDyx2915wWON2GSGhcjJwRXsHjbwVd618M9S8J+HtQttAkuNPbTbe6ubNruO3jKeX/qhJGWwvT5xQB4Nb/tKfEHRfhXoPjjxFpegSW3imKzt9F0/RbHULu6hupslmmiiEjyxhRkLEu89PcQ6b8YviZ8RPAvxU0W6sP7Fu9J0qS5sPFl54L1bS7G+haF/MjW1vJYpUmXGNwlYDhsHpXW2/wCy7f3/AOzvoXw317xs1zrWgPFLpPirSdMFlLbSQnMMnktLKGYdG+YBh2FasnwZ+IN98Odf0jVPijDq/ivVrQ6f/btz4eVLa3t2BDiO0inT52yTuaQ89BjigDwv4e/EDUPhn8J/hIs1no2q+Oda0c/YdfsfBGoalLp9kqBmSSG0kluJyzHkq8SE8kCurt/2o/ia3gnw5d3Xgy20rW7zxQnh6Zta0rUNNhu4nzsureG4CSopAyVfdjGMnrW/H+yd4mh+H/gSwtviVFpXjjwSGh0jxTpmgBEa3KhWhuLWS4kEoYDnDr6gCtD4ifs3+NvHOi+Fok+J9tDrWlavFrV3ql94dFx9rmj+4iRJcxLDEASNvznn71AHrnhWLxm/g9o/E1zocXigiRRcaRBM1mvJ8tvLkcOcDGV3c9jXyz8Gfjh498L/AAa07Ude1fSfFPiPxT4nn0bSd2my2qxTmZ1aW4f7Q4dAEyEVUPQZPWvsq3WVbeITukk4UCR40KKzY5IUk4Ge2Tj1NfOifse7vhzN4Sm8ZTAWOtvrvh7UrXT1iuNMnMplAkPmETjJKnHl5U4xnmgDo/h/8WvFlr8adS+GHjuLSLvUxpq6vputaDbS2sF1Du2ujwSSytG6nv5hB9ql/aC+KPiv4dzaUmiXXhvQ9PuIpWl1jxDFJebp1GY7WGzhnimld/VN2P7prX8BfB/UdH8dXPjjxfr9r4n8XSWK6ZFcafph0+1gtw24hIWmmbczcljIfQADiq/xC+Ceo+Lfit4d8c6R4ni0W60zT7jS57W60wXiTQSnLNGfMTypQejfMMcFTQBo/s8fFK5+NHwf8PeLr2yj069v4m8+3hDhFdXKnaHG4A4zhuRnBrxDwz4V8V+Kv2svixpniDUPCniLRhpOniXS7/w7K0UsTKzRRjfduqEEAsxRg55CpXt/wE+Et18Ffh/B4XufELeI47eaWSG4azW22o7s+0qrNk/Nyc89gvSuS8K/A3x94b+MvjPx4/xC0O9XxFbR2w01vC8qfZREpEBWT7cd23PzZX5u22gDzbwn8e/EXh74NeA7/wAMeEfCGjjV/FMmgS6XZW8lrZxL5zpvjVD8pJTJJB69K3R+1N4k8Ct8UdO8b2GlalrHhSW0+xf8I3a3QS5S54jVoyZXLKeuzJbHCjOKz9P/AGO/HuneA/DHhqP4qaIRoXiFvEMV03g+TMshdn8tl/tDAXczcjnH51sal+yFq3i3xZ8RNT8U+NrC+sPGNtbwyW2l6DJZz2MsGDDNDM13KNysMkFOfagDV+B/xx8ceMviRqPhvxJ4eup9H+xC8tPEcHg/WNBt0kzhraRNQX5mA5DqwDf3VrH/AG1IPF00nwyj0HXdJ0yxm8UWcb2+oaVNdl58sUdil1EDGO8e3JPIdelenfCb4Z+MPB+2Xxt8RZviBeW8XkWcn9lRackSf3nVGbzJSMAuSB/sisb9oL4KeLfjDf8AhKXQPG2meFLXQNQTVfIvdAfUWubhCdm5hdw7UAJyoGSf4h0oA4zQPFnj/TvjB4z8EeF9F+H+lR6Qtjquo6iNPuLYXwnBMzFI3J83AOCxbHGS1Z+s/tN+O4vhpf8Axe0yw8P3Hw70++eGfRZoJxqb2iTeU9yLkS+WrZ58ryTx/HXf+B/gj4w8OfHTxN8QNX8b6Tq+n6/YwWVzodt4de22eSuI3SZruQ92yCpyCBxjJ5u3/ZFvLDQtc8EWnjbZ8LNYvmvp/D02l+bex75BI8EV4Ztqwsw+6YWYDIDCgCnefH34heIfiZ8QPDPhmPwvY2WgeHbXxBZXup2lzcPMsyGQRyIk0eOBjcCMZzhulV9F/aW8bzXHwY1jVLDw/F4d+IVyNPbTbSKd7u0mMZYSi4aQIyEqfk8rI4+Y1ryfsz+M7P4m+PfFmlePtBsYfE+ix6HFp0vhaWUWMMSFIiHF+u9gCc5UA8dMc4UH7IvjuHQfhLpbfE/Q3X4e3/262mPhGUNeEZAV/wDiYYUbWYcDk4PHQgHrf7R3gzxP4++EuraR4RuI4tZdo5Vt5p2gjvY1YM9s0g5RZACpPvzxmvlv4IeOPA/gj4W+P9W8O+GF+HfxT0HSbyS/8NLELeNsMxSZNq+XcKrdJVz0wa+y/Hvh3XPEvh5LbQfEjeGNXimjnj1BbUXEZKnlHiLrvRu67h9a8i+G/wCzDqFvq0ut/EbXrHxNqf8AZ93pMFrpOnmytIra4ctKSGkkdnbPUvgdh3oA8fOg2/wf8DfA34iaMCPGOuapZ2+v6qxPn6zHdqTIty/WQKSCu7O3Hy4r3L9s3XfFHhv4C6zqHhPWYND1GOa3R7ia0NwTG0yKyriRNpOevPGR3zVPwp+y5c6XfeD7TXvF/wDwkPhPwZO1xoGkf2YIJkfBEZup/NYT+WDhdqR++6vRfjT8MU+MXw21jwo+ovpLXyoY71IhL5MiOHVihI3DKjIyM+ooA83j+JHxB1HxfB8NfD2o+F28V6XoUWraprWoaPc/Y2EjbYoorVbveCccuZmA/unpXX/s7/GK5+M3gm6v9T0yPR9e0vUJ9J1K0hcvEJ4W2s0bHqjcEZ5GcGue1X9nvxFH420nx34e8cWuj+OIdNXSdTurrRDc6fqUA5XNstxG6Mp5U+ccZ53V3nwk+Ftj8JfC8ml2lxJf3V1dS399fSoqNc3MrbnfaOFGeijoB360AfHPxf8ADOk/D39oZNR+NXhuLWfB+tX15PpvjyNDcS6ajQqsdvIApe2WJvmEi/IM5PNe2/tiWtoP2eNOlsrua4gg1DShbXKXLHzUM8YDMVID5GDk5zmpviN+zx8QfHuupayfEmzbwhO96JobnRN+oW0FxGEaGKfztjLgEAvFlc5y3St/40fs+6l8QvhHovgDwr4ns/Cen6c9qTc3+kvqUjpblTGqgXEIU7lG4ndkcADrQBz/AO09fT+IfiR8I/h7PIy+HPEeqTPrFsrYW9ghi3C3cd0Y/eGcEDBrwX4seOdT+A+sfF34b+DJW0Tw8zaI2nQ2beWulC+lEU626jiNcZIC4AJ4xX1n8RPg3ffEjQPC017r9vZeN/Dd2moWOvWenEQLcAbWzbNMSY3U4Kebn0YVzsf7K+ma34b8bweL9XbXvEfjB45NQ1m1tvsiwtFjyBbxF5DGsZAIDOxJ6k0AcZa+GdN+AP7T3w78P+DrOLSNE8T6Rdw6tY2w2RXVxCAyXTDoZjyGfG5s8k1uftPX0/iH4kfCP4ezyMvhzxHqkz6xbK2FvYIYtwt3HdGP3hnBAwa6Twj8CdX0zxjF4z8XeL4/E/iXTNKfSdIuLTSPscVlCw+aQxebKZZmwNzbgDjARaxrf4MeLviJ4G0OXxb4uaTx14c1qXUdD8TtoyW52Zwgms1cDayEqy7lJAByDQB89fFjxzqfwH1j4u/DfwZK2ieHmbRG06Gzby10oX0oinW3UcRrjJAXABPGK9D8XWNn+y/8avDVr4HsodK0vWPDGpyalp8A2Q3d1awmSO6cdDKSCGfG5geSa9Oj/ZX0zW/DfjeDxfq7a94j8YPHJqGs2tt9kWFoseQLeIvIY1jIBAZ2JPUmr3g79n+9h8aQeK/HfiaHxprNlpb6Lp/2fTPsEFvavxIWTzZS8rgYZ9wHoq0AfMn2ceDv2afhp8cbTn4l6pq9hc6nrjMfPvo7q4KSW8rdXiCsAqHIXbkAV+gFfPWj/smyWcOgeHNR8W/2n8NvD+pDVNL8NnTAk6yK5eOOa580iSKNmJVREh9WNfQtABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHKfFj/klnjL/sDXn/oh6PhP/wAks8G/9gaz/wDRCUfFj/klnjL/ALA15/6Iej4T/wDJLPBv/YGs/wD0QlAHK/ET/ku3wj/7i/8A6SrXqteS/GK18Raf4/8Ah54m0TwjqnjG20d9QS8tNHuLKKeMTQKiMPtVxAhG4c4bPtUv/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHVfFj/klnjL/sDXn/AKIej4T/APJLPBv/AGBrP/0QledeN/iV418S+C9f0i1+BnjyO51DT7i0iaa/8PhA8kbKCxGqk4yRnANeofD3S7rQ/APhrTb6LyL2z0y2t54twbZIkSqwyCQcEHkHFAH/2bHubYXC/OAGIJDAFT5hF8A/iHa/Dvw/4Th+JGhXFlZ+Hx4d1KDUfCTXNnfRJuSOZYDejypREVViWdGIJKY2qoB7FnX9Q8GIYJbDTPE01ipElxA11aQXJQZzGsiNIgbPAkUkD73evm3w7+0r8Q9Y+E3wI8ZyxeGY38X+J08P6/ZpYXGNslxNEkto5uP3RUQNkSCTcXB+Xbhvov4c+CbX4a/D/wAOeE7K6ur6z0PToNOhub6TfNKkUaorO3diF7AD0AFeB6L+xxrukeGfC3hkfE+V/DvhTxTH4k0S1XQ4lliVZppvs88pkPmkNMQHAQBQcoxKsoB0dr8ZPF+qfHK/8Jx3/hfRoLPUVt08M6vZ3EWrajYBUMmoWly0yxTKC5/dpE23adz7vlPn/iL9sLxjLq13qvhHwlqPiPw7YeIJNFk0Sz8Fa3dXl7BDdta3N3DqUcf2NSrJI4hIbKx4MiuSi+leLv2ffE3jzxLY/wBv+PLW+8Jaf4ig8R2NiNDK6paSwyiVIY7/AO0ELEWGGxDvKMyBlB4qaL+zNr3hTxl4gPh/4lX2l/DjX9Sl1a/8H/2ZDI6TzP5lylveFt0MUrFiyBCRvbYyE5oA87/aP+I/jX4qfBj9ohPCsfh+x8G+E9N1bQr3+2LOaa91GaOwL3bwOkqJAIxLtQsku9kbIQYNe/fAuWSD9n34eyRRGeVPC+nssSnBci0jIXPbNeceKP2UtXuv+Fs6Z4Z8eLoPhP4lwXjavo95o4vWtr25tvs8tzazCePZvAQvG6uDtO0pnI9g8EeCZvBnwy0bwkuqyXcumaXHpkepeUI3IjjEavtU8EADoe3WgDxz4P8Axs8d/ELSNU1KbUPBtzcW+jvd3fh6KzurHUtA1D92y2V7HLM7yAKZR5ojiDFAQoBGeW8K/tOfFH/hFfgl498R6N4Xm8E/EC503Sry00lLlb/Trq+AWCcO7lGhMhVWTbuUMMO/JrptT+Fl58Pbib4n/FH4jaTqUnhnw1e6PDqkOkjR/NgnMRLX0rXEonfdEgQKI1DSMQhZhjzv9jL4dz/F79nz4K32r+P9L8UeE/CiWeo2uh6XpyxzwajBF+7hvLgTuJPs7OGVBFE25Y2ctjkA2bn9sDxlqmu2Oq+F/CWoa/4VfX20ibRrbwVrct41oly1vJfx6msf2M4KmTydp+QYMofIHaTfF/4qeN38Ta38N9E8P6vofhzxNJ4dk0G/Eiahqn2edYLyaO6aaOG28tvNKq0cu9Ys5UsFq34R/Zn17wL4m1a10X4lXtr8MNS1GbVJPBh0uFnhlmlaaeGG83bkt5HZi0ewkBmCuuSabp37MOs+G/H3i288PfEa80fwD4t1GTV9Z8J/2bFK7XUoH2lre7Zt0CTEZdQjHLMVZCQQAX9F8Vatqf7SHxN8LWul+G9L1Sz8Mabd2PiD+z3muZDNLeLEl0RIjSxRtHuEasn33ww3ZHzDosmt+Hf2OPij458VaT4C+JL6D4j8QX9pYeIfDbyKtyupXEdxKzSXEu8PxtUBCijaXfrX1NY/Bfxlpfx28afEa08baNs17RYdItdJn8OyuLPyDK1tI8ovFMuJJ5C6hU3qQAYyN1ecRfsdeOZP2cfGnwkvfino91beJb24un1hfCUiTwi5uJLi7Up9vKsWkddjfLsAcEPuUoAeg+NPiZ45174jeKfA3wzi0C21Pwro1rqd9c+IbWa4juJroz/ZrSJI5odmRbOWmZyF3IAjc45n4ofHD4meEND8NT3Gn+F/Ad/eaAb+7t9b8zWZZtVCgtpdrb2k6SyEAOxnQSKAPunmtfxB+zr4vuPiLp3xA8OfExPC3jC40iDR/EslvoKXFjrEcTMySJbyTEwSqXfa2+TCnBBGc3tS/ZxvV+KFl4u0XxhJYqfDLeF9Rh1DTkvJ7iIzyTm5im3oIp2klYuxR0fj5BtGADzXxF49X4vN+x/49k06PTrzXtaW+eBTv8ky6LeO0avjJUN09cA4qWE+NNI+Mf7UV38MrfRH8XwR6BdWlprNrJLbXjiwkZoiIpI2DvjAfcQCRkEdNTT/ANknxlofhf4LaNpnxN00J8NJhPBJfeF2lF4y272yqQl4hRBDI+RlmLtu3AAIOgg8L3f7PnxC+Kvxi8b/ABC0n/hC9dW2kvLJfD00L6ckAEFsROtzIXwj4c+V8zHcPLAK0AQ+BvjV4w+J+j/BK98M6t4auG8S2kup+J1m0a4BitYQizi3Au/3EqTsLfbJ5vzOW/5ZMjv/AGyta8YaN4V+H48I6/aaDLfeOtBsLp7qwe6EqyX8IRTtmjIjDhS6ggyKCgZMk1e/Zp+GejeH9Y+IXjnR4rqDTfGGsvd6ZbXIdBBaDl2jjYDy1munurgYA3LNGT0Fdh8cvhPN8YPCWnabZ6yNA1TS9a0/XrC/ktPtUaXNpcJNGJIt6F0JTBAdTz1oA4eX4m/Ejxh428X+C/BV14UXWvAtnp66zfaxptyYNU1C5t/P8mCJLkG1i2bG8xnnI83btbYWPbfs9/GGH49/Bnw347t9OfSn1SGUTWEr7vs9xDK8E0e7HzASxOA2OQAcc1y998APEWj/ABQ1jx74J8c2/h7WvEljbWfiOHUtF+32t89upSG5iRZ4TDMqEoCWkXaFBRsZPffCz4Y6X8Hfhto/gzw80gsdLgaOKe6Ad5ZGZnklkC7QWeR3dsbRljjFAHhnh39pD4gDwj468e+IbDwxD4J8C6p4i0/V7axW5OoXa6e0iRNbEsUUs8YDBxyGJBXbzP8ADj9oD4k+KfibYeGb7w7NJpmt6ZdTxa0vgXXdMttAvY0DRwXT3yxrdRsCwEkZhLNHjam9a6D4V/sy6n4Z+H/xM8GePPFlj440Pxvf6hqE8djojaY1s1+0jXaBjcTblLOCnRkIOWbI26fws+CvjzwHZw22vfFefxrDpNtJb6Cl/osUH2dihjjlu2jkD3bIhK8NEGDMSN211APnn4Y+K9T+Hvw48f8AinxnBoPjq9h+KeqWGjW8Phi5kuINXbUmtxdIVluZfLRRlIoozKqRhA7nFdjdftVfEvQvAXxe1K88MJeS+EdE/tzSPEV94S1jQNO1BQrmW2e3vf3gljKqfkkIdXz8u0iug8N/sd64vwu8X+DPFfxDh1g6z4gk8V6frWj6EdNvdL1V7r7WZ0ZrmZXVZQCq7VIG4FmyMbXi79nPx94/+Dfinwj4l+LEOs+INe09tIfXJfDSRW9taP8A63y7SKdf30g27pGkIyq7UUcEA9O+GV9441S3v73xgugR2l15E+lRaKJvNiiaJS6XBkJDOHJwyYBGOAa+ebL4xeMPhh8Rv2mvFvi3xBYa54R8DG1Mek22kSRXLRtp0d1BDDN9pZUAa4KsWjbezF8xj5B9O+A9F1fw74N0fSte1a313VrK2S3uNStbI2cdwVGA4hMkmwkAZAcjOSMAgDzHWP2Y7PxJ4q+LMuq60bvwj8SbS3i1XQ/sYWeKaK0W0EkVzv4UxpG23y8h0DB8ZUgGR/wuX4hfD34hfDbTfHtv4c1DQfHsz2FtN4ftp4JtIvvIM8cMpkmkFzGyo6+aqxYIBKYNehfHLxrr3gHwQuqaANFt5PtkMV5qviK5WKx0u1Zv3t3KDJGZQgH+rV1Ziwwa5Dwf+zzrkOqeBpfHPjeLxpZ+Bi0mgxx6R9inabyWgSe8lM8gnlWJ3AKLEpZixUnGOm+O3wgu/i9pPhhNO12Pw/qvhzX7XxDZXFzYfbraSWFZFEc0HmRl0IlY8OpDKrA5WgDnv2YPjdq3xksfG1triWMuoeGNdbSRqGm2NzYwX8Rt4Z451t7hmkiyJsYLMDgMrEMK4f43WHjS+/bH+DFrYeINCg0ifS9flt7K+0Oe52Kkdis/mkXiLK7rIwjcKnlhnBEu7j1H4T/BnUfhr44+IHiC68VNrcXi3UItTey/s9LcW8620MDfOGYsuIF2jC7QxDGQ4asfx18E/Gnir9oHwf8AEaw8daTpumeGba5s7bQbjw5JcNLFdCIXRe4F4nzt5KbGCAJgZV+cgHmFx8ULr4L+F/2lpPCPgfwT4fuPh2be4t4dL042sN8rabHdA3AjKl2VZAgxt4XrXZWfx88YeF/jNo3h7xvb+H08O6/4WvfENk2jx3BurN7TyTLHK7sVlDJKWBVI8FSPm4Jx/Fn7JnjfxVB8cbZ/iZo1vbfFLykuFHhORn0+OO3S1VUb7eN5MEaqSQPn+YAD5a2Zv2bPGWsfE/4f+Ltd8d6BqUXhjRrnQ7rTo/CssS6jBcBFuCWN+3lsVjQD5WCncSGBAABy/wAN/wBqrx1408ceBJB4Rv77wf4s/wBfDb+C9bs5tAR4vMglm1CeMWt1GThGaNYwC4Kl1GT3H7cza/F+yj8TJtA1S10qSHQ7x7x7m0knaW2+zyCSKIpNH5UjZXEh3gAEGNs5Dvg3+zr4m+FA07Qrn4n3/iP4e6Iy/wBieHbjTIYp7aNBiGGa7Vi08cXBQbUOUXJZRtrqP2jvhTrfxv8AhDrvgbRfE1r4TGuRNZ32oXOltqDfZWVhIkaCeIK7ZX5yWAG4bckMoB5DLr3j7wH8QPhr4a0fTfh/feLfGPhrUDJ4mOiz2RRbFLdoI5EWeSRolFyo2+YclWI2A4HSQ/Fb4p+OdY8Y6H4Nj8Iwa14GgtLXVl1K1up4dV1SS1S4kt7Zlmia3hXeirNIJSSx+QBctNJ+z/8AES++Jvwq8Y3/AMSdBeTwTZ3VhPZ2vhKSJNShuWjE/wAzX7mFjFBAFI3BXVmIZW8sa2qfAHXdH+KXijxr4A8aw+E5fFsVumvaff6QdRhlmhj8qO6tsTxeRN5eFJYSI21SUJHIB5/4f/a38R/E3WvgIvhDTNH0/SvifpGq3skmrJNPNp01lEhdQEZBIokkxj5dwQ8ruBGP4l/am+J3hP4J+OvHt7aeEpB8O/Ec+i63b29pdH+2I4rmKNpLYGcfZG8uVSA5uAWyOAMnsbf9kW+8LeN/g1qPg3xbp2ieG/hlptxptjo9/oT3k14tyiJdSS3C3UQDusaspEeFcsxDg7RzWv8A7GHjvxP8Hfid8P8AUPipobW3jzXH1u8vYfB0qPbNI6yTRRL/AGiRgtFDtLZKgSA7iwKAH1J4o0+91bw1q1jpt+2lajdWk0FtfIu420rIVSUDuVYhse1fDv7L+j+FfBPxkXwj8RvCUHgX4v2M9t9g1uzcyQ+InjslSZhfY/fPKC07QTHzBvDckEj7Vm0PWNS8CzaRqGtrHrtxp72s2taTbG12TNGVM8MTSSGMhjuVS7YwOTXiukfs2+L9e+IFrrXxD8cad4h0zSdatNesbbSdENhLdXlvamCKW5ZppQAu4nZEEDMMnCnZQB4PcWn/AAnH7Lfxe+PN85HxN07V9Z1LQ9eHNzo8On3Lx29nbv8AwQFICHjHyyebIXDFjX2hda9q+vfCFta0m4tdI1u80UXtvPPbm5ht5mhDgmPehcAnpuGcda8q8QfsknV7bxX4XtvFhsPhf4s1htb1nw0unbrp5ZHSS4hgvPNAit5nTc6eUzDe4R0BAHvt1p0F1psths8q2khMG2IBdqlduB6cUAfI/wADfjN48074H/AjRLrVtG13xx8SLfzNN1C702aKGyt47Jrq4mulFwTdSgjHyNAHMg4QKSfXvgz8XvEXiL4jePfhx41tNOXxT4TFndLqWjRyRWepWd0rmKVYpHkaF1aN1ZGduQCGIPHI6d+yDfab8NPhxocPjsxeKfhxcB/DHiKLSFVYYRG0RgubfzSZlkhbZJtkj3bVK7Oc+mfDL4SzeDfE3ifxdrurQeIPGfiQW0d/qFpY/YrZIbdWWGGCEySMiDfIx3SOxZzlsBQoB86/tteD9R0/xxpXjbxL4Qj+JHwvzo1hc6eIhdXGhTJqsbzXENowInFzG6wNs/eDAH3MivadNj8Gax+y3qUvgXVJNV8Gz6Pf3Om3UF1Jwjec/lq2Q6iNiYwjcqECnlTS/GT4V/ETxhqLXHhLx5p+lWE11pU76RrWjteRQPaXsdwZ4HSeMq5CDKMGV/LA+QsXFrRvgRceCvgNqfw+8K+II7XU9QF282u6vp/2tWnu53lupTbxywjJ82QIquAmVyGCkMAeI+LPG+ueDf8Agmp8OLjQNRn0rWdV8M+F9GTVIHxNai7W0gklQ9Q4SR9p6gkHtTviY2n/ALI/xq8KJ8PtKt9I0XxF4P8AElxqWj2/7u3uLrTLeG5t7p1H3pzvkRpD8zq3zFsLj1rQf2bWu/2YIfgv438QQ+I9Pt9Kg0e31XS9ObTpY4bdIxbSbGmmBmjaJH35Ckqvydc3fCvwGv5PHkfjL4g+Jbfxvrlno8mhaeLfSvsFtb2srKZ3aIyyl55diB33KuFwqICcgHzXa6Svw1+Af7Pfxj092f4i6/rHh+fxDrzH/Sdag1XaLm3uX/5aRj7QDGrAiIxJsC4xXv8A+21401vwT+zvrc3h7UJtI1bVL3T9Fi1K3bbLaLd3kUEksZ7OEkfaRggkHtVDwr+ybJo//CEaFqvi8638PfAuorqnhzQG07yriOaIOLUXV15reetv5n7sLHGcohcuRzqa18Jde+Llt8W/B3jzxBPrPgTXfs66L5emJYXGkyKXZ0icEmcROltKkzry+4cgYoA8o+Jjaf8Asj/Grwonw+0q30jRfEXg/wASXGpaPb/u7e4utMt4bm3unUfenO+RGkPzOrfMWwuOStdJX4a/AP8AZ7+Menuz/EXX9Y8Pz+IdeY/6TrUGq7Rc29y//LSMfaAY1YERGJNgXGK+lPCvwGv5PHkfjL4g+Jbfxvrlno8mhaeLfSvsFtb2srKZ3aIyyl55diB33KuFwqICc834V/ZNk0f/AIQjQtV8XnW/h74F1FdU8OaA2neVcRzRBxai6uvNbz1t/M/dhY4zlELlyOQDx8eH4PjV4D/aY+IfiAs/jDwxr+u6T4W1ZGPn6BFpkIFubRhgxM0qvJJtx5m8q24V9X/A/wAZXnxG+CvgDxZqKomoa94f0/VLhYxhRJPbRyuB7Zc15t4w/ZZutaufH+m6H4xbw54L+IUxuPE+jJpomuJZXhSC4a1uDKog8+JFWTfHL0JXYTXuej6TZ6BpNlpenW6Wmn2UCW1vbxjCxRooVFHsAAPwoAuUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5V+zT/yTrV/+xz8Wf+pDqNeq15V+zT/yTrV/+xz8Wf8AqQ6jQB6rRRRQB5V+0t/yTrSP+xz8J/8AqQ6dXqteaftDaHrOvfDeKPQNHuPEGpWXiDQdVGm2k0EU08Vpq9ndTKjTyRx7vKhkIDOoJAGeaq/8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq0V5V/wALk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/wCB3h7/AOWtAHqtFeVf8Lk8Xf8ARCfiB/4HeHv/AJa0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/gd4e/+WtAHqtFeVf8AC5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrQB6rRXlX/C5PF3/AEQn4gf+B3h7/wCWtH/C5PF3/RCfiB/4HeHv/lrQB6rRXlX/AAuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0f8Lk8Xf9EJ+IH/AIHeHv8A5a0Aeq0V5V/wuTxd/wBEJ+IH/gd4e/8AlrR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf+B3h7/5a0Aeq15V+zT/yTrV/+xz8Wf8AqQ6jR/wuTxd/0Qn4gf8Agd4e/wDlrVr9nnQ9Z0H4byx6/o9x4f1K98Qa9qp027mglmgiu9XvLqFXaCSSPd5U0ZIV2AJIzxQB6XRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAf//ZeRmG4s7uMSRSoeoZTwa+efhf+zL8Lvh/+0r4pm0HwZp9lJp+g6NqVkzb5vstxNcapHLJF5jNsLLbwj5cAbMjBJzwVYqvJTrLmad03q09r69bO1zqhFU48sFZeRzfwB/YvvPD/wAG/CdnrXjjxZoOrfYxNdaXYjTmitZJGMjRgy2bvlS+DlzyDjjFegf8Mkwf9FO8bf8AfGkf/K+vd55lt4ZJWDFUUsRGhdsAZ4UAkn2Aya5Lw98WvC3ijULSx0++uGuLsyrbi4sLi3WZov8AWKjSRqrMvOVByMHjivUp1sdKDdKU+WPZuy/y0RwVKWCjNKrGClLuld/56v8AE81/4ZJg/wCineNv++NI/wDlfR/wyTB/0U7xt/3xpH/yvr3qisvr2K/5+y/8Cf8Ama/UsL/z6j9yPn6f9j+1mmhnHxN8bpcwNvhmUaUrI3YgiwB/Wukj+AWqxoF/4W543PubfRT/AD06vXay7zxNp+n69p+jzyTJf6gHNsotpWjfYpZh5gXYpABOCwPT1FL6xiqr+OTfq3sN0MNSWsIpeiW+x5x/woXVf+iueNv/AAH0X/5XUf8AChdV/wCiueNv/AfRf/ldXofiHxdpXhdrRNQuHW4vGZLa1t4JLiecqNzbIo1Z2CjkkDAHXFJ4d8ZaR4re7TTLpp5bQqtzDJDJFJCzZwrq6gq3B+UjI7jkVXNi+T2l5cvfW3bf1Jthef2do83bS/fb0PPf+FC6r/0Vzxt/4D6L/wDK6j/hQuq/9Fc8bf8AgPov/wArq9borH6xW/nf3s2+r0f5F9yPJP8AhQuq/wDRXPG3/gPov/yuo/4ULqv/AEVzxt/4D6L/APK6vW6KPrFb+d/ew+r0f5F9yPJP+FC6r/0Vzxt/4D6L/wDK6j/hQuq/9Fc8bf8AgPov/wArq9boo+sVv5397D6vR/kX3I8k/wCFC6r/ANFc8bf+A+i//K6j/hQuq/8ARXPG3/gPov8A8rq9AfxtocfiuLw0dRibXZImnFkmWdUABJbAwvBBAYgntmturlVxMLc0pK+q1e3czjTw878sYu2j20fY8k/4ULqv/RXPG3/gPov/AMrqP+FC6r/0Vzxt/wCA+i//ACur1uio+sVv5397NPq9H+RfcjyT/hQuq/8ARXPG3/gPov8A8rqP+FC6r/0Vzxt/4D6L/wDK6vW6KPrFb+d/ew+r0f5F9yPJP+FC6r/0Vzxt/wCA+i//ACuo/wCFC6r/ANFc8bf+A+i//K6vW6KPrFb+d/ew+r0f5F9yPJP+FC6r/wBFc8bf+A+i/wDyuo/4ULqv/RXPG3/gPov/AMrq9boo+sVv5397D6vR/kX3I+U/2k/2N9Z+K/wk1bSLT4h+Ite1eDbe6dY6xHpkdtLcJnCs0FnE4LKXUHeACwJyAa/I3WPhr4s8P+KP+Eb1Hw3qtrr3mNEunPaSec7LnIRQMv0PK5Hev6Hq83+Kv/I9fBv/ALGu4/8ATHqtZSnKbvJ3ZrGMYK0VY+dP2Jf2PPFvwn+F817q/jLX/BHiLXpVubvS9Ih06QRRICIVlNxaznzAGckKwA3gEZBr6I/4VH4k/wCix+Nv/ATQ/wD5W16XRXNKjSk7yim/Q6I16sVyxk0vU80/4VH4k/6LH42/8BND/wDlbR/wqPxJ/wBFj8bf+Amh/wDytr0uip+r0f5F9yK+s1/5397PNP8AhUfiT/osfjb/AMBND/8AlbR/wqPxJ/0WPxt/4CaH/wDK2vS6KPq9H+Rfcg+s1/5397PNP+FR+JP+ix+Nv/ATQ/8A5W0f8Kj8Sf8ARY/G3/gJof8A8ra9Loo+r0f5F9yD6zX/AJ397PNP+FR+JP8Aosfjb/wE0P8A+VtH/Co/En/RY/G3/gJof/ytr0uij6vR/kX3IPrNf+d/ezzT/hUfiT/osfjb/wABND/+VtH/AAqPxJ/0WPxt/wCAmh//ACtr0uij6vR/kX3IPrNf+d/ezzT/AIVH4k/6LH42/wDATQ//AJW0f8Kj8Sf9Fj8bf+Amh/8Aytr0uij6vR/kX3IPrNf+d/ezzT/hUfiT/osfjb/wE0P/AOVtH/Co/En/AEWPxt/4CaH/APK2vS6KPq9H+Rfcg+s1/wCd/eyL9juzl0/4HpazXk+ozQeJvE0T3l0IxLOy69fgyOI1VAzEZO1VXJ4AHFe1147+yf8A8khuf+xr8Uf+n/UK9iro20Rhvqz538Rf8nTeM/8AsTPDv/pdrddFXO+Iv+TpvGf/AGJnh3/0u1uuioEfC3wb+D/ir9iX4+eL7m38M6p4p+FXipQYb3w7aNeXOnMjs8SS20eZCqCSRMorZBUjuo+r9F+JF54w1iwh0Dw3q6aSXZr7VNe0+fS1iQKcJHDcIk0kjNt/gCBdx3ZAVu6ooA+Ar/4e+MfAv7TH7RepS+Ddf1Ww8XeF7uLRbvTNPkuILqWSOPEZlUFY2BD8OQTsOASVDYHgPwj4o0z/AIJq+LvBV14M8Vw+LZr54YtHbw9e/aJC9xHKrKvlcpsRiXHygjBIJAP6OUUAflb+0Ut9pv7IP7O2m3+j6rpOraVqv2O50/VrCWynWVFzgLMq5U5GGHynPXIIH0X4q8DeIPjf+3J8P/F+n+Hda0jwp4M0zOoalrVhLZrJc7piIIRIo80gumXTcmN2GPBb0T9q79lrVP2mz4Ygi8Z2/hfT9DuDepCdGN5JLOeNxf7RGAoAA2hc5yc9APeNJjv4dLtY9Uube81FY1FxcWlu1vDI+OWSNncopPRS7EepoA/Nn43eH/jV8cND+N9tr3w68SST2V7b/wDCPW9tB5VglrFc/vGhjGGu7h0CHzFDnaJACmQjdH+0N8GfHnxM/Yn+Bvhbw/4U1a+8R6f9mW806a2a3ltfKspUbzRLt2AHCjdjJIAzkV+h1FAHx34u8E6z+0d+1l8LfF9h4e1zQvCngu1+2ahfa9p02nu90XLpbRRzIrSEME3OoKYLYY4GeZ+BMer+E/24fjL4t1Xwj4utPDWsWlx9h1NvDN+YpzEY5GC4hySyxPsGPnO1VyzKD91UUAfmB+z/AODfF3hX9iT40+DdW8C+MLLxLqk/mWOnyeG77fciSOJF2YiwcMjZ9Bgng1qfEb4T+N/Hn/BODwD4a0nwb4gPiXwxrgl1HRbrSp7e8CBboFooXQNKP9JiOYww+93RgP0rooA8P+Mvwxg/aH/Ze1Pw5NZXGmXlzpqzWA1SE28sF1CN0TOrfNGCy4OQGCuQQORVL9iHw7rmn/AHw5rfim5kvPEOuWdvcvJL96O0SFIrSP6eSiuf9uVyeTXU/FL4N678RPGWkanZ+P8AVPD+gRWF1pmq+HbeMvb6jDOhRnyHXy5VB+WQh9pAwB8271C2t4rO3it4I1hgiQRxxoMKqgYAA7ACgCSiiigAooooAKKKM45PAoAKK861H46aBJfzaZ4YgvvHesRMUe18OxCeKFv7s1yxWCI8/deQN1wpxVb+wfiT44GdZ1u18BaYx/5B/hzF3fsvo93MmxMjqI4cjJ2ycA0Add4w+IHhzwDaxXHiHWbTSlmbZDHNJ+9nb+7FGMtI3+yoJ9q5L/hPPG3jTC+EPCR0axbprXjJXthj+9HZL+/ft8spg7810Hg/4UeFvA95LfaZpSNrEy7Z9YvpHur+cej3MpaRhyeC2Bk4ArraAPNE+B9r4gdZ/Hmt3/juXO42F9iDSlPoLKPCOP8ArsZW5PzV6LZ2VvptrFa2kEVrbQqEjhhQIiKOgCjgD6VNRQAUUUUAeb/tLf8AJuPxV/7FTVf/AEjlr0ivN/2lv+Tcfir/ANipqv8A6Ry16RQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5v+z/8A8iLqn/Y1+Jv/AE+X1ekV5v8As/8A/Ii6p/2Nfib/ANPl9QB6RRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXm+g/8AJx3jn/sVPD//AKWazXpFeb6D/wAnHeOf+xU8P/8ApZrNAHV+PPEi+D/Bus6y337O2eSJcZ3yYxGgHqzlV/GvHPCWj3PhvWI9P8V3Mc7+CtJGs6fZ2MBi+1GRH8+ZyXbe6uHXjaMsGxzgeqfEf4fWvxC0m1t5TbR3dlcC6tZby0W6hD7WUiSJiBIhVm+XI5wQQVBrhF/Z3u4bvTbqHxldtdaQitpU11ZxyvbTYQPubILwkK2IBtVPNbaeE299HHrC0pUo03Lmvdq3ytd325k/KXkT/ZNHHTjWq4qNPl2TU311b5YtWvytf4Xptd+m+MvES614Vmv9eSX+2LK41PUNLtoYjBptkId0cqvsMmQ5RdzsVclgFAHGJovjbx1Jb6RNe6u8ML6Rc6teNNaQFrez3ExTSbVAMpUsFRdo+QF1Pz41dL/Zxm8PWdzZ6T4uuLO0kAl+z/YYzHNOQolNyoIE8LAOBC2FUSvg8Jtst8A9SEU0S+OL+aNoYwqXlqkwlkG0MtwNw8+A/vNsBwqec+0/d26f2pBN2wv/AKR5/wCfz5Y362v/AFfotK+ZpfKr5f3fLXtedto82bJ8TdeNromjveXzX66Muqajf6bZxPK8jOyLD5jp9ngClH8ySQBR5ZUYOcdN4JvrrXvGWnjVr+11DUNH0KON5rcDy5rqcRvPJHjggIIPmGOJjgANiufuf2a3uDp5k8VzXZ0lEfS/t9hFcfZ5h5e7dkjfCdh2wDaqeY208Jt1NE+Bd5oetTajD4z1IzvsmabykE89wAgZriQHM0XytthYbU8xsdE2xUzGEoONPDuLd9fd3b79rX09F6XTyOjGSlUzGMkractXVJaactr3trfpJ9uaS3lfTf2j719VkWCPUNDSDSHmbCy7JA08aE8F8lWKjnGD0q/8QdfsdFkuRo15LaeIr29stPnbTbeKWeRjveOEGYiFJCm47nyVRlO05jrt9a8P6X4ksxaatptpqlqHEggvYFmQMAQG2sCM8nn3qs/g3w/Joceivoemto8bbk09rSM26nJbIjxtBySenUmtliqUpQnNO6STWlnb8/Nd9bnhvCVYxqQg1aTbT1um+mm3k+i0t1PCJdf17xDF4TbWPEs9pLZeLLzT5rm0a3KFIklZZGYwhGKgFd2xVI5KA8jsfDfiLxv4l159Wj1DS7PQ7fWZdPutPuboAxxpIYgmz7NvE5JjYEzlTuHygMAO/j+HvhWK3NunhrR0gaVJzEthEFMiAhHxtxuUEgHqMmp5/B+h3GsHWDpFgutY+XVBaRm5U7doIkKk5C8fTjpXZVzDDVFyxppb20Wl3f8AXfW1tNzjo5fiabUpVW9VfV62SX6baXvq9Dyrwj4i8Z+I/EGhzPqurG2E17NrFrDpsK2KRxuRAlvcND+9V8KPlkdiCTlCKTQ/H3iPUNJ8GeIoNcW9bxBfmwudFktojDaMwc5j2hZcw7PmDudw3fd4xveHvgrHo97pks3/AAjrrYyRyC7s/Dy29/MyYIZ7jzWGWIBcqg3ZYfLmu3j8F+HotQu79NC0xL68V0ubpbOMSzK33w7bcsD3B61dfF4OMnyRTXlFL+bTVea13Sil5kYfB42UV7STT85N/wAuujfZ3Wzcm/I8m0q+8d618JW8Vw+Lb2bVYZJ5GsbWxs0ilhhuHV0UNEzByiNg7iM4GD1Po3gXWJvFbX/iCDU5rrQb11XTbVo41RI1UK7ghd53SB+GY8DI4NWm8KHRdL+xeEE0nwwkkpklEemBkOVwWVEeMB+F+Y7h8oBBrW0fSbfQtJs9OtF221pCsMYOM7VAAz78Vw4nFUqsJckUm27aJNRfR2XSys09r9zuwuFrUpx55NpJXvJtOS0uru+t3dNb8vY4HxN/yXrwR/2DNR/9pV6VWRdeDtAvtYj1e50PTbjVYyrJfS2kbTqV+6RIRuBHbniteuOvVjUjTjH7Mbfi3+p24ejKlOrKX2pX/BL9AooorkOwKKKKACiiigAooooAK83+Kv8AyPXwb/7Gu4/9Meq16RXm/wAVf+R6+Df/AGNdx/6Y9VoA9IooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAJP2T/wDkkNz/ANjX4o/9P+oV7FXjv7J//JIbn/sa/FH/AKf9Qr2KgD538Rf8nTeM/wDsTPDv/pdrddFXO+Iv+TpvGf8A2Jnh3/0u1uuioAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiivPdW+OXh2LUJ9K8PpeeN9chbZJp3huIXPkv/dmnLLBAeRxLIp56UAehVheLvHXh7wDp6XviLWbPR7eRtkRupQrSv8A3I1+87HI+VQSc9K4/wDsn4leOOdS1Wz+Hult1s9FC32pMv8AtXMq+VEcdQkTkZ4k4zW74R+EnhbwVqD6lY6b9p1uRdsutalM95fyjuDcSln28n5QQozwAOKAML/hYni/xl8vgzwhJZ2Lfd13xdvsYsf3o7QD7RJ24kEIOfvcUf8ACkU8TfvPiB4gvvHG7rpkgFnpK+32SM4kXrxO0x5616bRQBX07TbTR7GGysLWGys4V2RW9vGI4419FUDAH0qxRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB5v8AtLf8m4/FX/sVNV/9I5a9Irzf9pb/AJNx+Kv/AGKmq/8ApHLXpFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUV5d+1B408S/Dv4BeNPEXhC2a58Q2Nlvt9kQkaEGRVknCHhjFGzyYPB2c8V594V0TS/if8ADCPxH8IPip4k1HU2jiaae616W9NzyDJBPbzsyWsjruAMSwlGIIwByAfSVFfNf7QlmsP7UH7Ot0klwHn1PU0kj+0SGIhbIlT5e7YCNzfMBnk816NY6l8M9Q/aEuktLu3ufinBoLRzpDLMzR6cs6bgwB8pT5rp1+fr2BwAenUV5Z46/ae+G3w4k1Ua7r1xHFpMiw6jdWOlXl7b2UrY2xzzQQvHE53D5HYNyOK8b/am8WaL4y034BeMNKudTgsJviXokAkv4bvT45LcvJKWaCdUypMaMJCnIAwcUAfW9Fee+C/j/wCAfiHrmsaN4d19dT1XSYPtVzZpaTrKYegliVkBmQkgBo9wJZcHkZ4n9nL9pBPjZrnjy1m07WbD+z/Elzp2nw3WiXUSQ20EFurLPOYhHHMZTMxikcSKHAK8CgD3iiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArzf9n/AP5EXVP+xr8Tf+ny+r0ivN/2f/8AkRdU/wCxr8Tf+ny+oA9IooooAKKKKACiiigAorB8d6UmteD9XtXub2z3WspWfT7yW1mRghwyyRsrAjr1r5o/YN+J3ia4stb+G3j7WLzW/FGlQW2u6fqWoTPLNe6ZeRJKjb3JZzG77SSSBvVR92gD61or40/b2+InilJPDfh3wj4h1Pw1Z2usafHrepaPdSW07Pds6QW6yIQeESWRlz3hJHzA19Oahr3hr4N+FtOt9T1a6itA4tbX7dc3Go313K2W2JuMk88h+Y7RuOAeMDgA6+iuR8B/Fjwr8SptSt9A1Q3F9pjiO+0+7tZrO8tGOdvm286JKmcHBZQDg4rxL9rr4z+Crz4J/EbRYdc1EapY2dxAl3pkN8lrDfLGSkEl5CohEm4geS8nJwCpOBQB9N0V5d8P/G+i+BvgX8OrnWbw24uNF0+C2ghhknuLmX7KjeXDDGrSSvhWO1FJwCccVoWP7QHw+1Dwbq3ilPEtvb6LpMzW2oyXkUttNZyr1jmgkVZY377WUHHOMUAeg0V5hof7Tfww8R3ctvY+MLNnh0RPEcjTxywRpp7BSJi8iKoxvXcudyk4YA1peD/jr4K8c+Ik0LS9TuE1iW1+2wWepaZdWElzb5A82EXESecnI+aPcMHOcUAd7RXgnwn/AGmIfiR8bPH3hVtM12xstHmtLGwSfQbxAZPLlkmmnk8nFuH+QIJmTcqKVGWNdvfftCfD/TdettKutf8AJkuL06bFetZ3H2BrsEqbf7Z5f2cShgV2GTdkYxnigD0SiiigAooooAKKKKACvN9B/wCTjvHP/YqeH/8A0s1mvSK830H/AJOO8c/9ip4f/wDSzWaAPSKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACivLv2oPGniX4d/ALxp4i8IWzXPiGxst9vsiEjQgyKsk4Q8MYo2eTB4OznivPvCuiaX8T/hhH4j+EHxU8SajqbRxNNPda9Lem55Bkgnt52ZLWR13AGJYSjEEYA5APpKiub8ZfETQPAa2o1i7lW5ut5trKytJry7nCAFzHBAjyOFBGSqkDIziuS1j9pz4a6F8OYfHl14jZvCclwbRtRttPurgQTA4Mc6RxM8LA8ESKuCQOpAIB6jRXBa58cvCPh3wNpXi/UJ9Vh0DVJIobWddBv5JWaVtkQaFYDLHvYqql1AYugGdy5l8afGrwh8P3ePWtRuUmithe3EFlpt1ey2tuc4mnSCN2hj+VvnkCj5TzwaAO4orgde+Pnw88M2Phm91HxbpsNp4llhh0iZJDIt20rBUKlAcKSwyxwo5JIAOItD/aE+H3iPwzqGv6d4jiudMsdSbR5mFvMsv20Y/0dISgkkc7htVFJbPy5oA9Dork/AXxW8L/ABM/tJPD+pPcXWmTCC/sbu1ms7u0cjIEtvOiSJkcjcoz2zXWUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeb/FX/kevg3/2Ndx/6Y9Vr0ivN/ir/wAj18G/+xruP/THqtAHpFFFFABRRXjf7XVjL/wz/wCNNZs9V1nRdV0XSrm/srvRtWubB0lSMkFvJkUSLx919w9s80AeyUV83/A/4j+GPg/+y54O8bePfGGpKdY0y2vb7Udf1S71GWWd4wSI0dpGUc/cjUDpxk16ho/x+8Aa98Qj4HsPElvceJykkkdmIpVWYJnzPKlKiOUrg7gjEjacgYNAHoFFfJfxG+KPh/xx+1jF8PfFOjazrXgqw8JXNxLpMnhnULmO41B75IPOMC25MkSRo2y4AMQMh2vurtvgT4P+D3wp8YeJdC8I67c6n4p0ywQapNqOoT3b2liJHaGEu37pUj3MqgfOFA3E9aAPfqK8evP2vPhDY6HJrEnjS2fTY7trKS4gtbiYRyKVBLBIyVjywHmH5M5G7INXvjHr3wsvNL8Ip481G0ktLvWLK60JVnmzPelv9GdBCcsMtnnKY5PAoA9TorwT4hftMQ+Df2hfDPgE6XrxsJLC6v8AULq00C8vDMVVRFHAsULvIoLFneMFVIVS2dwHa/D39oXwL8VPFGr+HfDGpX2oatpBK6hDJo17brasG27JJJYVRWJBwpbJ2nAODQB6NRXKeA/ij4e+JUmsJoM19M+kXX2K9W90u6sjFMBkx/v4k3EDBO3OMrnqM9XQAUUUUASfsn/8khuf+xr8Uf8Ap/1CvYq8d/ZP/wCSQ3P/AGNfij/0/wCoV7FQB87+Iv8Ak6bxn/2Jnh3/ANLtbroq53xF/wAnTeM/+xM8O/8ApdrddFQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRXAa38bvDen6lNpOkm78Ya9Cdsmk+G4Rdywt6TOCIoD/12dOo9ao/Yfib44/4/L6x+HWlP1t9N26hqrL7zSL5EJ68LHN2w4oA7PxZ420DwLpv9oeItZstFsy2xZb2dYw7HoignLMTgBRkkkACuL/4WX4o8Ykx+CfB1wlo33de8Vb9PtSP70dvg3En0ZIlORh62/Cfwf8AC/hHUv7VgsX1LXmGH1zWJ3vb9geoE0pZkX/YTao7AAV2dAHmP/Cl5vFIEnxB8S33i/PLaVbg6fpI9vs0bFpV6/LPJKPyr0PSdIsdB0+Cw0yyt9OsYF2RWtpEsUUa+iqoAA+lW6KACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPN/2lv8Ak3H4q/8AYqar/wCkctekV5v+0t/ybj8Vf+xU1X/0jlr0igAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA5j4lePtM+GPg288Sa0dmk2ctul1KTgRRyTxxNIfZBJuPqFNfJn7T3wV8J/DPwvN8aPg/ry+B/GAkha0h8PzhrHX3eVVEAt1ysjPk4VAQxzlT94fa1xbxXUYSaJJkDq4WRQwDKwZW57hgCD2IBrmbH4T+B9L8SHxDZ+DfD9pr5JJ1WDS4EuiT1/ehN360AeFfHLUpZv2gP2XW1IRWepzX2pST2u8fI5sVDKOegY7fyq39oi/4ePFPMTePhVs27hnd/a27H1xzj05r2XxX8HfAPjzVBqXiXwP4b8RaisYhF5q2k291MEBJC75EJ2gk8Zxyaa3wd8DQ+JJPE1t4I8NR+KTK1yusnSYBdeec/vDME37iTy2c8mgD5I0G2vLPwH8cPhVocWm+LYfE+v6vFZeIW1i0ghtZblFWUXUcson3wPu+aKOTeUyMda6z9pXwrY+Bfhr+zB4Re7h1C10nx74Z07zZtuLiKGGSIuV6bSACe3zVl6P8D9TvXe2+IP7NegeL/Es93NcX3i7T9Wso7W9kkkZzKVcrOg+bG3Y2AB9B7b4H/Zh8Cab4PsNN8SeB/DOszWzzvb297Yx6hFp0UszSi1gknQv5SFzj7oJLEKudoAOQ1y5hj/4KE+GE82NJpPh9dJt3AM3+mhgvvwGOPYmqP7GHiDTLfXPjlo0l/brq83xS16dLDzR55i/c/vNnXZlSN2MZ4zmva7X4IfDmy1y31q38AeF4NZtnR4NRi0a2W4iZAAjLIE3KVAABB4wMVvab4P0HR9b1HWbDRNOsdY1Lb9t1C2tI47i62/d82QAM+O24mgDXooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK83/Z//AORF1T/sa/E3/p8vq9Irzf8AZ/8A+RF1T/sa/E3/AKfL6gD0iiiigAooooAKKKKAMnxddw2HhPWbm5lWC3hspnkkkOFVQhJJNfG3xQhl+F/gX4B/tBaFA96fDekadpOvx2Z3G70m4hRO3DGOR8qM43SAnpx9k+KPCOheN9JbS/Eei6dr+mM6u1lqlpHcwll5VijgjI7HFVPDvw58J+EdFn0fQvDGjaLpFxL9om0/TtPigt5JMKN7RooUthEGSM/KvoKAPj79qjSZfCf7PXg/V/EpjsfEfiDx7p2uauJWAaKR95EJPcQQJFDn0hBr0f41683g/wDa8+C2v67KsPgu4sdR0q1v5Ti3tdSmQbSzdFMiBUU8Zy3OM17d4u+EPgTx/qUeoeKPBXh3xJfxxC3S61fSoLqVIwzMEDyISFBZjjOMsT3q+vw/8Lr4UXwuvhvSF8NKhjXRhYxfYwpJYqIduzGSTjHU0AfOnxD0PVtS/bIm1XwI6jWbD4f3kGrvER5fnO7/AGCKUg8SGQbwDztjHbFeeeEfHPhe8/4JpeItHN/aWms6XoF/p+p6beusVzDqG+QsskbHd5jyHcM8ksO/A+1vDPhHQvBWmDTvD2i6doOnqxYWmmWkdtECep2IAM/hWXe/CfwRqWr3+q3fg3w/dapfwtb3l9NpcDz3MTDDRyOU3OpHBBJBFAHx94g8e6b4c1n9nTxDqXjbUPCfg+48GvpMfiTR1tLiG0v2itWMcpuIJ449yRlSdoYbeoUPXQ6x4f8AANn8Pf2kPFfhX4h6l8QdU1rwhcprWqvcWMun+allLHAitawRR+dt6quTggtguC31pqnhDQtb8PnQtR0TTr/RGQRnTbq0jktio6L5bArgemKyrj4S+B7zwrB4Zn8GeH5/DcEnnRaPJpcDWcbjPzLCU2BuTyBnk0AfPer+IvCfg/8A4J1+HNY8R+Ho/E+hr4O0i3uNNhlaAXDSJboFaWP5o1ErBmYcjB4J4PNXniy2X9rz4IXuq+PNA1wf2Rq8e3RzFFY2Ra3QpFGxdnYsCOXclsAhVzivrLR/hx4T8P8Ahu68O6X4X0XTfD91v+0aTZ6fDFazbwA++JVCtuAAORyBTNP+GXg7SY9HSx8J6HZpozvJpi2+mwoLFnxvaDC/uy2BkrjOOaAPnP4Wa5DZ/tA/tOaVb6lBa+ItQvNPTTbUzKs8sv8AZzFSi5ycYzkDAAJPAryL4eXvwx+KX7Mmm+BvHPxo8Q6KbG3g0/U/BEi6Vb3sd5BIv7q3jNj9pkYyoCu1nds7WJJYV97x+D9Bh8TS+I49E01PEM0ItpNWW0jF28QxiMy43leB8uccVTb4beEX8Vr4obwtoreJVGBrJ06E3g4xxNt39OOtAGxo8Jt9JsomNwzRwIpN0VMxwoHzleC3rjjOcVboooAKKKKACiiigArzfQf+TjvHP/YqeH//AEs1mvSK830H/k47xz/2Knh//wBLNZoA9IooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA5j4lePtM+GPg288Sa0dmk2ctul1KTgRRyTxxNIfZBJuPqFNfJn7T3wV8J/DPwvN8aPg/ry+B/GAkha0h8PzhrHX3eVVEAt1ysjPk4VAQxzlT94fa1xbxXUYSaJJkDq4WRQwDKwZW57hgCD2IBrmbH4T+B9L8SHxDZ+DfD9pr5JJ1WDS4EuiT1/ehN360AfMXxH8bnwf8AtT6VdeOPG2q/C2117wbawWOq2iWJtBdRzyPdWzyXdvOsfLxtkbc4TcT8ld58GPhL8OPEHhf4qaXoHinVPH2heL7uQ61qlxLavaTXUsZExtntoY4y2GQsUBUNtAOVYD3TxR4O0Dxxpn9m+I9D03xBp24P9k1S0juYtw6HY4Iz74q5pOj2Hh/TbfTtLsbfTdPt12Q2lpEsUUS/3VRQAB7AUAfLn7MOreIvGUem/DrxXFO978KL6W01W8mRgmoyxjZprqT99fJZpTk7g0ULfxZrmtN8aaT4X/aG+MXh3xp8V9V+F+oahqkOo2fnrpcdlqNi1pFHGVmvbSXJXy2TbvC9guQ9fZdtptpZ3F3cW9rDBPeSCW5ljjCtM4RUDOQMsQqKuT2UDoBWN4s+HfhTx4bU+JvDGjeIjatvt/7W0+K68lvVPMU7T9KAPi/x94T8F+Afgv8As8aD4S1fUNZ8Hx/FnS5bO812SNjcQGS4MkiFUQNBuZsNtAIbIJVlJ9M/a81yPwL8Tvgz4h1LXdS8H+Eo73U7a/1/Sre3l+xXk8Ea20kizwTJgqs6FimQrMcjmvefFXwi8CeOri2uPEvgrw74huLaIQQS6rpUFy0UYJIRTIhKrkngcc1tXXhnR77w/wD2Fc6TY3GieStv/ZstsjW3lKAFj8sjbtAAwuMDAoA8I+B+geAb742eIPGXhn4mar8SvEV9o8drql2txp8tjHGsieQJDZ28SibCsFGSdofcPu19E1keF/B+g+CNLGm+HdE07QNODFxZ6XaR20IY9TsQAZP0rXoAKKKKACiiigAooooAK83+Kv8AyPXwb/7Gu4/9Meq16RXm/wAVf+R6+Df/AGNdx/6Y9VoA9IooooAK8k/a4kSL9mL4oM7Kg/4R+7XLHHJjIA/EkD8a9brA8X/D7wt8QrW3tvFPhrR/EtvbuZIYdYsIrtI2IwWUSKQDjjIoA+L/AIxXVuf+CTul5ljJfQdEjj+YfM4u7bKj1ICtkex9K9Y/aElsrP8AaO/ZlWJ7eGNdT1RIQhVQENkqqF9idoAHsK9WP7PHwqaxWyPwz8HGyWQzC3/sC08sSEAFwvl43EADPXAFF1+zx8Kr5YFufhn4OuFt4xDCJdAtGEcYJIRcx8Lkk4HHJoA8p+22/wDw8g8rz4vM/wCFWeVs3jO/+1d+3Hrt+bHpz0qx4FuYn/bw+J8Syo0q+FNLygYbhiRicj6Mv/fQ9a9VuPgL8M7zXJdZuPh14Tn1iW4N5JqEmh2rXDzlt5lMhTcXLfNuznPOacvwK+Gq6rd6mPh74VGpXYnW4vBolt50wmVkmDvsy3mK7q2T8wdgcgmgD5V+Fr6fL+x7+0/cQtbOsuq+LWMsZUh8wN5ZyOvUY+oxU3xM1C3/AOGP/wBmF2uY8Nq/hEbi45KwruH1GDn0wa+m4v2ePhVBZz2kfwz8HR2twVaaBdAtAkhXO0svl4JGTjPTJol/Z4+FU9nBaSfDPwdJa25ZoYG0C0KRlsbiq+XgE4GcdcCgDyb4qeINM8M/ttfDS+1fULbTLMeFNVHn3cqxpkOjYBJ5OATjrxVL47apd/s1/Giw+LOkaVPqWg+LbYaB4h02zjzJJfIjNp04H95mzASxAAYdzX0TeeAfDGotorXfhzSbptEKnSzNYxObAqAF8jK/usBVA246D0rzGws/iR8TvHy2njPwjp/hbwX4e1ltQs7iHVEvJdbMRP2MmJV/dKjYmJYht8cYCgAkgHf/AAp8Hz+BvAemabfSpc6w4e81S6jBxPezOZbiQZJODK74BJwuB2rraKKACiiigCT9k/8A5JDc/wDY1+KP/T/qFexV47+yf/ySG5/7GvxR/wCn/UK9ioA+d/EX/J03jP8A7Ezw7/6Xa3XRVzviL/k6bxn/ANiZ4d/9LtbroqACiiigAooooAKKK4PxD8a/DOi6tLo1lLdeJ/EMZ2vo3h6A3txGfSUr8kHTrMyD3oA7ysnxP4u0TwVpbalr+r2WjWCnb9ovp1iQt2UFiMsewHJ7Vw/kfE/xzkTTWPw10pui2pTUtWZfd2H2eBuvAWccDmtfwx8G/C/hnVE1g2cmteIVGP7c1uZr29GeoSSQnylPHyR7V4HHFAGT/wALR8Q+MPk8C+ELq4t26a54mD6ZZY/vJGym4l9RiNUbjEmDmj/hTt74r/eeP/FN94kRuW0bTt2m6UP9kwxsZJR7TSyKcD5RXptFAFHRNB0zwzpsOnaPp1ppWnwjbFaWMCwxRj0VFAA/AVeoooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPlf/AIKC/Ejx38FvhbY+M/BHjG80G6XUIdPlsBY2dxbyq6yMZD50DuHG0DhtuB93PNZHjrxh8SfDP7D9j8UbX4n6y/ixtFsdckkk0zSzAxuVg3QeWLThF8xipB3ZJyxGAK//AAVWlRf2ZbVGdVd9ftdqk8nEc2cVxvxQ+Gvh+z/4Jv2PiKLU/ED3r+EtIk8uXxVqUtn5rLbhkFq1wYMAlgIwm1cAADAwAe0fsb/EjxD4o/Zxsfih8SfHkupC/juprg31vZWdnp8UFzNEWBihQ8iPLF2I6YA5z6V4X/aI+H/jHxnF4T07XXTxFPai+t7DUNPubJ7q3OSJYDPGgmQgEgxlgQCegNfJ3wj8U+DPD3/BLCyuvGumS+IvD8SXdvdaVaTmKSaZtVlMMZkU5j+do23dhzg8A+Q+DvFS+IP2v/2aNWsb2wubNvDdnaw22nF5IdNT/S1FkZHZmkliR1DsxzvLcAYAAP0IP7Svw6T4mXXw+k1yeDxhbJJJJplxpd5GSqIXLK7RBHBUZUqx3cbc5Fc/eftp/BrT9F8O6xc+MGg0nxA0iabfyaVeiCdo5DHIpk8nahVhyHIwCGPykE+Aa59nn/4KyaEJCjtFoBwCfuv9kmx+ODn8Qaq/8FF9B0nwzqnwD0/SdOs9JsF8SzSC1s4EhiBaW3Z22KAMlmJJxySSetAH1Hp/7UXwy1LxNqXhyHxIy+INPjWWXSp9OuobqVWAKmGJ4g0+QQwEQckEEcHNdJ8Lvi94P+NHh6TXPBetw63psczW0siRyRPFIuMo8ciq6HBBwyjIIPSvkXS3i/4eyauGKb/+EeULkjO77HEcD3xn8M1V/wCCVN80tn8X7bcpij1uGVcdcuJgT9PkFAH1Z+0t/wAm4/FX/sVNV/8ASOWvSK83/aW/5Nx+Kv8A2Kmq/wDpHLXpFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXm/7P/wDyIuqf9jX4m/8AT5fV6RXm/wCz/wD8iLqn/Y1+Jv8A0+X1AHpFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeb6D/wAnHeOf+xU8P/8ApZrNekV5voP/ACcd45/7FTw//wClms0AekUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5v8Vf+R6+Df8A2Ndx/wCmPVa9Irzf4q/8j18G/wDsa7j/ANMeq0AekUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAEn7J//JIbn/sa/FH/AKf9Qr2KvHf2T/8AkkNz/wBjX4o/9P8AqFexUAfO/iL/AJOm8Z/9iZ4d/wDS7W66Kud8Rf8AJ03jP/sTPDv/AKXa3XRUAFFcN4k+M/hfw7q0mjRXU2v+Io+uh6FA17eLnp5iJkQjg/NKUXjrWXu+J/jjoLH4aaY397y9T1Zh/wCk0Df+BA49+ADuvEnijR/B+ky6pruqWejadF9+6vp1hjX23MQM+1cL/wALY1rxd8ngLwjd6rA3A1vXi+l6eP8AaQOhnm7kbItjY++Mg1qeG/gv4Y8P6tFrNxbz+IfEUf3db16dr27Q9/LL/LCOB8sSovHSu5oA8y/4VHqviz95498W3utwtydE0cNpmmj2ZUYzTD1EkrKcfcGSK7vw74a0jwjpMOl6Hpdno+mwjEdnYQLDEn0VQAK0qKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDlfF3wm8D/EC9hvPFHg3w/4ku4Y/KiuNX0uC6kjTJO1WkQkDJJwOMk1lN+z58LW01NOb4a+EDp8czXCWh0G18pZWVVZwnl4DEKoJxkhQO1d/RQBxelfBP4d6Dpup6fpvgLwxp1hqkaxX9ra6NbxRXaKSVWVVQBwCTgMDjNXZvhb4MuG0Uy+EdBkOi8aWX0yE/YOQf3Hy/uuQPu46V09FAHGSfBP4dzeJh4jk8BeGH8Qi5F6NWbR7c3f2gMGE3m7N+8MAd2c5Gc1Z8XfCbwP8QL2G88UeDfD/AIku4Y/KiuNX0uC6kjTJO1WkQkDJJwOMk11VFAHBy/AP4Yz6k+oyfDjwlJqDks122h2plYkYJL+XknHHWtLwj8JvA/w/vZrzwv4N8P8Ahu7mj8qW40jS4LWSRMg7WaNASMgHB4yBXVUUAeb/ALS3/JuPxV/7FTVf/SOWvSK83/aW/wCTcfir/wBipqv/AKRy16RQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5v+z//AMiLqn/Y1+Jv/T5fV6RXm/7P/wDyIuqf9jX4m/8AT5fUAekUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5voP/Jx3jn/sVPD/AP6WazXpFeb6D/ycd45/7FTw/wD+lms0AekUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5v8AFX/kevg3/wBjXcf+mPVa9Irzf4q/8j18G/8Asa7j/wBMeq0AekUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAEn7J/wDySG5/7GvxR/6f9Qr2KvHf2T/+SQ3P/Y1+KP8A0/6hXsVAHy/8cNP+J/hv40a94m8D/DG78fwap4a0jToZYdYsLGGGe3utTklEnnzK/C3cJG1CDlhuUivPP+EN+Lfi/wCfx78PviDqNuxydE8O6hoel2AH912TVjcS9gd0oRucxgHFfcdFAHyt4ah8S+DdKj0zQf2evFWjafHytrY3Ph2GMHucLqY5Pc9TWp/wknj/AP6If42/8GOgf/LSvpWigD5q/wCEk8f/APRD/G3/AIMdA/8AlpR/wknj/wD6If42/wDBjoH/AMtK+laKAPmr/hJPH/8A0Q/xt/4MdA/+WlH/AAknj/8A6If42/8ABjoH/wAtK+laKAPmr/hJPH//AEQ/xt/4MdA/+WlH/CSeP/8Aoh/jb/wY6B/8tK+laKAPmr/hJPH/AP0Q/wAbf+DHQP8A5aUf8JJ4/wD+iH+Nv/BjoH/y0r6VooA+av8AhJPH/wD0Q/xt/wCDHQP/AJaUf8JJ4/8A+iH+Nv8AwY6B/wDLSvpWigD5q/4STx//ANEP8bf+DHQP/lpR/wAJJ4//AOiH+Nv/AAY6B/8ALSvpWigD5q/4STx//wBEP8bf+DHQP/lpR/wknj//AKIf42/8GOgf/LSvpWigD5q/4STx/wD9EP8AG3/gx0D/AOWlH/CSeP8A/oh/jb/wY6B/8tK+laKAPmr/AISTx/8A9EP8bf8Agx0D/wCWlH/CSeP/APoh/jb/AMGOgf8Ay0r6VooA+av+Ek8f/wDRD/G3/gx0D/5aUf8ACSeP/wDoh/jb/wAGOgf/AC0r6VooA+av+Ek8f/8ARD/G3/gx0D/5aUf8JJ4//wCiH+Nv/BjoH/y0r6VooA+av+Ek8f8A/RD/ABt/4MdA/wDlpR/wknj/AP6If42/8GOgf/LSvpWigD5q/wCEk8f/APRD/G3/AIMdA/8AlpR/wknj/wD6If42/wDBjoH/AMtK+laKAPj34vW3xK8f/Cfxr4X0/wCCnjCG/wBb0S9023kutS0FYkkmgeNC5XUiQoLDJAJx2Ndb/wAJJ4//AOiH+Nv/AAY6B/8ALSvpWigD5q/4STx//wBEP8bf+DHQP/lpR/wknj//AKIf42/8GOgf/LSvpWigD5q/4STx/wD9EP8AG3/gx0D/AOWlH/CSeP8A/oh/jb/wY6B/8tK+laKAPmr/AISTx/8A9EP8bf8Agx0D/wCWlH/CSeP/APoh/jb/AMGOgf8Ay0r6VooA+av+Ek8f/wDRD/G3/gx0D/5aUf8ACSeP/wDoh/jb/wAGOgf/AC0r6VooA+av+Ek8f/8ARD/G3/gx0D/5aUf8JJ4//wCiH+Nv/BjoH/y0r6VooA+av+Ek8f8A/RD/ABt/4MdA/wDlpR/wknj/AP6If42/8GOgf/LSvpWigD5q/wCEk8f/APRD/G3/AIMdA/8AlpR/wknj/wD6If42/wDBjoH/AMtK+laKAPmr/hJPH/8A0Q/xt/4MdA/+WlH/AAknj/8A6If42/8ABjoH/wAtK+laKAPmr/hJPH//AEQ/xt/4MdA/+WlH/CSeP/8Aoh/jb/wY6B/8tK+laKAPmr/hJPH/AP0Q/wAbf+DHQP8A5aUf8JJ4/wD+iH+Nv/BjoH/y0r6VooA+av8AhJPH/wD0Q/xt/wCDHQP/AJaUf8JJ4/8A+iH+Nv8AwY6B/wDLSvpWigD5q/4STx//ANEP8bf+DHQP/lpR/wAJJ4//AOiH+Nv/AAY6B/8ALSvpWigD5q/4STx//wBEP8bf+DHQP/lpXJfC+2+JXgnw3eafffBTxhLNNresakrW+paCVEd3qVzdRg51IfMEmQMMYDAgEjBP2FRQB81f8JJ4/wD+iH+Nv/BjoH/y0o/4STx//wBEP8bf+DHQP/lpX0rRQB81f8JJ4/8A+iH+Nv8AwY6B/wDLSj/hJPH/AP0Q/wAbf+DHQP8A5aV9K0UAfNX/AAknj/8A6If42/8ABjoH/wAtKP8AhJPH/wD0Q/xt/wCDHQP/AJaV9K0UAfNX/CSeP/8Aoh/jb/wY6B/8tKP+Ek8f/wDRD/G3/gx0D/5aV9K0UAfNX/CSeP8A/oh/jb/wY6B/8tKP+Ek8f/8ARD/G3/gx0D/5aV9K0UAfNX/CSeP/APoh/jb/AMGOgf8Ay0o/4STx/wD9EP8AG3/gx0D/AOWlfStFAHzV/wAJJ4//AOiH+Nv/AAY6B/8ALSj/AISTx/8A9EP8bf8Agx0D/wCWlfStFAHzV/wknj//AKIf42/8GOgf/LSj/hJPH/8A0Q/xt/4MdA/+WlfStFAHzV/wknj/AP6If42/8GOgf/LSj/hJPH//AEQ/xt/4MdA/+WlfStFAHzV/wknj/wD6If42/wDBjoH/AMtKP+Ek8f8A/RD/ABt/4MdA/wDlpX0rRQB81f8ACSeP/wDoh/jb/wAGOgf/AC0o/wCEk8f/APRD/G3/AIMdA/8AlpX0rRQB81f8JJ4//wCiH+Nv/BjoH/y0o/4STx//ANEP8bf+DHQP/lpX0rRQB81f8JJ4/wD+iH+Nv/BjoH/y0rktNtviVZ/FjxJ4of4KeMDYaloml6bDGupaD5qyW0+oSSFh/aWApF3Hggk5V8gYGfsKigD5q/4STx//ANEP8bf+DHQP/lpR/wAJJ4//AOiH+Nv/AAY6B/8ALSvpWigD5q/4STx//wBEP8bf+DHQP/lpR/wknj//AKIf42/8GOgf/LSvpWigD5q/4STx/wD9EP8AG3/gx0D/AOWlH/CSeP8A/oh/jb/wY6B/8tK+laKAPmr/AISTx/8A9EP8bf8Agx0D/wCWlH/CSeP/APoh/jb/AMGOgf8Ay0r6VooA+av+Ek8f/wDRD/G3/gx0D/5aUf8ACSeP/wDoh/jb/wAGOgf/AC0r6VooA+av+Ek8f/8ARD/G3/gx0D/5aUf8JJ4//wCiH+Nv/BjoH/y0r6VooA+av+Ek8f8A/RD/ABt/4MdA/wDlpR/wknj/AP6If42/8GOgf/LSvpWigD5q/wCEk8f/APRD/G3/AIMdA/8AlpR/wknj/wD6If42/wDBjoH/AMtK+laKAPmr/hJPH/8A0Q/xt/4MdA/+WlH/AAknj/8A6If42/8ABjoH/wAtK+laKAPmr/hJPH//AEQ/xt/4MdA/+WlH/CSeP/8Aoh/jb/wY6B/8tK+laKAPmr/hJPH/AP0Q/wAbf+DHQP8A5aUf8JJ4/wD+iH+Nv/BjoH/y0r6VooA+av8AhJPH/wD0Q/xt/wCDHQP/AJaUf8JJ4/8A+iH+Nv8AwY6B/wDLSvpWigD5q/4STx//ANEP8bf+DHQP/lpXJeNrb4leJPEngDULb4KeMEh8P63LqV0supaCGeNtNvbUBMakctvuozgkDaGOcgA/YVFAHzV/wknj/wD6If42/wDBjoH/AMtKP+Ek8f8A/RD/ABt/4MdA/wDlpX0rRQB81f8ACSeP/wDoh/jb/wAGOgf/AC0o/wCEk8f/APRD/G3/AIMdA/8AlpX0rRQB81f8JJ4//wCiH+Nv/BjoH/y0o/4STx//ANEP8bf+DHQP/lpX0rRQB81f8JJ4/wD+iH+Nv/BjoH/y0o/4STx//wBEP8bf+DHQP/lpX0rRQB81f8JJ4/8A+iH+Nv8AwY6B/wDLSj/hJPH/AP0Q/wAbf+DHQP8A5aV9K0UAfNX/AAknj/8A6If42/8ABjoH/wAtKP8AhJPH/wD0Q/xt/wCDHQP/AJaV9K0UAfNX/CSeP/8Aoh/jb/wY6B/8tKP+Ek8f/wDRD/G3/gx0D/5aV9K0UAfNX/CSeP8A/oh/jb/wY6B/8tKP+Ek8f/8ARD/G3/gx0D/5aV9K0UAeWfs0eG9b8K/CeO08RaPPoGq3Gt65qTabdTQyywR3WrXdzCHaGSSMt5U0ZIV2AJxnivU6KKAP/9k=)

* * *

A.15 I have explained the main features of the matrix (at [278] onwards)
above. I turn now to explain how I fill in the contents of the matrix.

A.16 First, I must have regard to the statutorily prescribed maximum sentence
of 5 years’ imprisonment and $100,000 fine. This maximum sentence will apply
when harm is at the highest of the “Severe” range and culpability is at the
highest of the “High” range and is reflected by the black dot labelled “60mths
and FINE”.

A.17 The orange portions corresponding to “Towards Infinity” harm and/or
culpability are given an indicative sentencing range of up to the statutorily
prescribed maximum sentence because when harm (or culpability) approaches
extremely high levels, the offence committed will become so exceptionally
egregious as to qualify for the prescribed maximum sentence of 5 years’
imprisonment and $100,000 fine under s 6 of the PCA, even though the other
variable, culpability (or harm), may be low.

A.18 I have also ensured that the indicative sentencing ranges within all nine
boxes within the matrix, as well as the orange portions, include the
possibility of a fine as represented by “and FINE”. This is because Parliament
envisaged that potential offenders under s 6 of the PCA may be subject to an
imprisonment term and a fine, or both.

A.19 Second, I must also have regard to the guidance in the case law which
mostly relates to when the custodial threshold might be crossed.

A.20 The indicative sentence in the slight harm, low culpability box is
labelled “Fine” to reflect the general position that many purely private
sector corruption cases that do not present strong aggravating factors (eg, no
corruption of a foreign public official or involvement of a strategic
industry) may be dealt with via the imposition of a fine (see [79(c)] above).

A.21 The top-most point of the slight harm, low culpability box is, in effect,
a point on the custodial threshold as it represents the point at which a pure
fine (even of $100,000) is no longer a sufficient punishment.

A.22 Extrapolating from the top-most point of the slight harm, low culpability
box, one can derive the custodial threshold, which extends into the slight
harm, medium culpability and moderate harm, low culpability boxes. This is
because, as one moves leftwards along the diagonal yellow line (shown on the
matrix above at [A.14]), culpability increases at the same rate at which harm
decreases – the converse occurs when one moves rightwards along the same
yellow line. Harm and culpability are of equal weight in this matrix.
Focussing on the leftward move, the increases in culpability are compensated
for by the decreases in harm (and vice versa). This means that the severity of
the various offences along the diagonal yellow line are the same, resulting in
the same indicative starting sentence at every point on that yellow line. In
other words, the different combinations of different harm and culpability
levels, which can be pictured as a series of dots on the diagonal yellow line,
represent distinct factual situations where the offences are of the same
overall severity. This is the principle of Elevation Lines of Equal Sentences
(analogous to the contour lines of equal elevation in a topographic map).

A.23 The Romel categories have also been incorporated into the matrix shown at
[A.14]. The dark blue sections represent where cases falling within Romel
category 1 will generally fall. The lighter blue sections represent where
cases falling within Romel categories 2 and 3 will generally fall.

A.24 It can be seen that the Romel categories do not fall neatly into any one
box in the matrix but rather, expand across various boxes.

(a) For cases within Romel category 1, “whether the custodial threshold is
crossed will depend on the facts” (Romel ([65] supra) at [27]). The dotted
black line delineating the outer limits of the dark blue portion is placed
slightly above the custodial threshold (represented by the diagonal yellow
line) as Romel category 1 cases tend not to be as serious as those in
categories 2 and 3 but may still attract custodial sentences. See, for
example, Ang Seng Thor ([79(b) supra) which was expressly stated to fall
within category 1 in Romel (Romel at [27]).

(b) Cases within Romel category 2 will “frequently attract custodial
sentences” while offenders within Romel category 3 can “generally expect a
custodial sentence” (Romel at [28] and [30]), and as such, the light blue
sections are further away from the custodial threshold (represented generally
by the diagonal yellow line).

A.25 I emphasise that the dark and light blue sections are estimations of
where cases falling within each Romel category will ordinarily fall. A case
falling within Romel category 1 may well fall into the severe harm, high
culpability box which is in the light blue regions because of the presence of
one or more seriously aggravating offence-specific factors, eg, corruption
involving foreign public officials and extremely high amounts of gratification
in a particular charge. I have used a dotted black line to show that the Romel
categories are “analytical tools for the very many factual scenarios in which
corruption may manifest itself” and are not “watertight” categories that are
“intended to be determinative in each case” (Romel at [31]).

A.26 Third, I have to pay special attention to the very important Continuity
and Proportionality principles when spreading out the indicative imprisonment
ranges across the matrix – the dark blue areas of the matrix are reserved for
cases that generally only deserve a fine as an indicative starting sentence.

A.27 I agree with the Prosecution and Ishibe that both the moderate harm, low
culpability and slight harm, medium culpability boxes have an indicative
sentence of up to 1 year’s imprisonment plus fine up to $100,000. As such, the
top-most point of each of the two boxes is labelled with a black dot with the
words “12mths and FINE”. Extrapolating from this and applying the principle of
Elevation Lines of Equal Sentences, it can be seen that the mid-points of the
three boxes – moderate harm, medium culpability box; severe harm, low
culpability box; and slight harm, high culpability box – all have the same
indicative sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment and a fine from $0 up to
$100,000.

A.28 The remaining indicative sentencing ranges between 12 months’
imprisonment and 60 months’ imprisonment (ie, 5 years) are spread out equally
and diagonally across the various boxes. It can be observed that as one moves
diagonally across the framework from the slight harm, low culpability box to
the severe harm, high culpability box, the indicative starting sentence at
various points are smoothly and continuously increasing. There are no gaps
when moving across the framework in any direction, whether horizontally to the
right of the matrix (corresponding to keeping the culpability constant but
with increasing harm), or upwards towards the top of the matrix (corresponding
to keeping the harm constant but with increasing culpability), or diagonally
upwards (corresponding to both the harm and culpability increasing at the same
time).

A.29 As one moves horizontally or vertically across the boxes, the range of
the indicative starting sentence for each box (dictated by the indicative
sentences for the least and most egregious cases within each box) do overlap
with each other to some extent, and there is a smooth and increasing trend for
the indicative starting sentence for all points on the canvas of the matrix as
harm and/or culpability increases accordingly.

Backtesting

A.30 Having arrived at the Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix, it is also
necessary to ensure that the indicative sentences proposed are not completely
out of line with the precedents. This validation process can be done via
backtesting, ie, applying the Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix to the facts
of past cases to see if the indicative sentence derived would generally be in
line with the final sentence (per charge) in those cases. Backtesting may not
be required for every new sentencing framework (eg, if the sentencing
framework pertains to a newly created statutory offence and there are no past
precedents, or if there is good reason to believe that all the precedents for
the particular offence are too high or too low). However, backtesting is
especially important in the context of ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA given the
availability of a large body of precedents under those provisions. I am loath
to simply assume that all these precedents have decided the sentences wrongly
and then devise a new sentencing framework that is completely out of line with
the sentencing trends as indicated by the numerous past cases. I find that the
past precedents do contain useful sentencing information to guide me in
spreading out the indicative starting sentence diagonally across the matrix as
shown at [A.14].

A.31 There are three main challenges to backtesting. First, past cases do not
provide indicative starting sentences or indicative starting sentencing
ranges. At best, they identify the offence-specific factors present on the
facts. Second, the final sentence for each charge cannot be used as an
approximation of the indicative sentences for each charge as the final
sentence also takes into account offender-specific factors and the totality
principle. Third, it is not possible to backtest by having regard to all
precedent cases involving purely private sector corruption under ss 6(a) and
s6(b) of the PCA given the vast number of such cases, nor is it desirable to
do so. Doing so would be akin to blindly taking a precedent based approach
without considering that some cases may have sentences “which are either too
high or too low” (see Wong Chee Meng ([10] supra) at [50]).

A.32 To deal with those challenges, backtesting will be conducted in the
following manner:

(a) First, only cases that have been recently decided by, or approved by the
High Court (ie, Romel or post-Romel) will be used in backtesting. These cases
must also be accompanied by full written grounds.

(b) Second, I will provide my own assessment of the indicative sentences and
final sentences based on the facts stated in the grounds.

(c) Third, I will compare the final sentences reached in those cases with that
reached using my own assessment.

Analysed cases

A.33 I will analyse four cases based on the Preliminary Harm-Culpability
Matrix.

Public Prosecutor v Syed Mostofa Romel [2015] 3 SLR 1166  
---  
Summary of facts: The accused was a trainee associate consultant tasked to
inspect vessels seeking to enter an oil terminal by issuing inspection
reports. Vessels with low or medium-risk defects would be allowed to enter the
oil terminal but if the defects were of a high-risk nature, the vessel would
only be allowed to enter after the defects had been rectified. The accused
pleaded guilty to two charges under s 6(a) of the PCA. A third charge was
taken into consideration for sentencing. For the first proceeded charge
(“C1”), the accused highlighted several “high-risk defects” to Mr Vladimir
Momotov (“Mr Momotov”). Mr Momotov subsequently paid a bribe of US$3,000 to
secure entry for his vessel, even though he felt that the defects were minor.
For the second proceeded charge (“C2”), CPIB officers prepared Mr Momotov’s
ship with high risk defects in a sting operation. The accused spoke with Mr
Momotov and solicited a bribe in return for not including these high-risk
defects in his report. The third charge involved similar facts. The total sum
of bribes involved was US$7,200. C1 fell within Romel category 3 because Mr
Momotov had an entitlement to enter into the terminal for his vessel so long
as it was sufficiently safe. C2 could be associated with Romel categories 1
and 2 because the accused had forborne to do an act that he was duty bound to
do (see [32]–[34] and [37]). Sentence imposed: 6 months’ imprisonment for both
C1 and C2, to be run concurrently (at [51]).  
Offence-specific factors in the judgment that go towards harm: 1\. Public
safety compromised due to the clear risks to the oil terminal and the staff
(at [44]–[45])2\. Involvement of a strategic industry (at [51])Offence-
specific factors in the judgment that go towards culpability: 1\. Pressure or
coercion (at [32] and [41])2\. Abuse of position to exploit good faith vessel
operators who wished to enter into the oil terminal (at [41])3\. Greed (at
[41])4\. Three-month duration of offending (at [51])5\. Premeditated offending
(at [51])  
Assessment of indicative sentence: Categorisation: Harm is moderate because of
the significant safety risks involved. Culpability is medium due to the
presence of coercion, and the accused’s abuse of position. Indicative
sentencing range: Up to 28 months’ imprisonment plus fine up to $100,000 as
stated in the moderate harm, medium culpability box, with an indicative
starting sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment plus fine up to $100,000 for the
point in the middle of the box (ie, the strategic point). Indicative starting
sentence: 6 months’ imprisonment per charge as the harm was on the low side of
moderate – no actual harm was caused despite the presence of risks.
Culpability was also around the mid-point of medium as the bribe quantum per
charge was not high.  
Offender-specific factors stated in the judgment:1\. There was a further
charge taken into consideration (at [9])2\. Not to be treated as a first-time
offender (at [46]–[47])3\. No weight to be given to the plea of guilt as the
accused had been caught red-handed and corrupt payments were only recovered
after CPIB officers searched his living quarters (at [48]–[49])No stated
adjustments for the totality principle in the judgment.  
Assessment of final sentence: The offender-specific factors do not warrant a
significant downward or upward revision of the indicative sentences. The final
sentence for C1 and C2 is six months’ imprisonment.  
Outcome of backtesting: The final sentence from the Preliminary Harm-
Culpability Matrix is consistent with the final sentence in the case.  
  
Public Prosecutor v Gursharon Kaur Sharon Rachel and other appeals [2019] 5
SLR 926  
---  
Summary of facts: The accused (“Kaur”) was a lead contract specialist of the
US Navy. Her role authorised her to enter into multi-million dollar contracts
on behalf of the US government. She was in a position of substantial trust,
responsibility and accountability to the US government. On numerous occasions
from 2006 to 2013, Kaur initiated disclosure of non-public information of the
US Navy to Leonard Glenn Francis (“Leonard”), CEO of Glenn Defence Marine
(Asia) Pte Ltd (“GDMA”). The inside information leaked by Kaur was linked to
16 US Navy contracts. Of the 16, GDMA had bid for 14 and was awarded 11
contracts worth US$48m. She pleaded guilty to three charges under s 6(a) of
the PCA for accepting bribes from Leonard. These were the 4th, 6th and 9th
charges (“C4”, “C6” and “C9” respectively). C4 and C6 involved gratification
of $50,000 each. C9 involved Leonard paying $14,977.74 for her resort stay.
The gratification received for C6 enabled Kaur to purchase property which she
sold for a profit of $267,000. She also pleaded guilty to a further charge C7
under s 47(1)(c) of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes
(Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”) for using the
proceedings of her criminal conduct to acquire property. Four other charges
under s 6(a) of the PCA were taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing. One other charge under s 47(1)(b) punishable under s 47(6) of the
CDSA was also taken into consideration (at [30]). Kaur voluntarily disgorged
$130,278.24 (ie, the total sum of gratification received for all the charges)
(at [31]). There was no involvement of the public service rationale (at
[69]–[72]). Sentence imposed: 16 months’ imprisonment for C4, 19 months’
imprisonment for C6, five months’ imprisonment for C7 and 14 months’
imprisonment for C9. C4, C6 and C7 ran consecutively resulting in a global
sentence of 40 months’ imprisonment (at [162]).  
Offence-specific factors in the judgment that go towards harm: 1\.
Transnational element involving the bribery of foreign officials (at [149],
[152]).Offence-specific factors in the judgment that go towards culpability:
1\. Kaur was in a position of substantial trust and authority and committed
serious breaches of trust by disclosing confidential information to Leonard
(at [157])2\. High quantum of gratification for each charge (at [158])3\.
Premeditation as Kaur took careful steps to conceal her illicit disclosure to
Leonard (at [155]).4\. Kaur actively solicited bribes from Leonard for all
charges, and in particular, there was a significant extent of prompting for C9
(at [159])5\. Significant duration of offending, ie, from 2006 to 2013 (at
[160]).  
Indicative starting sentence: Categorisation: Harm is moderate due to the
illicit disclosure of confidential information by Kaur, a foreign public
official, from the US Navy which gave GDMA an unfair advantage over other
competitors. Culpability is high because of the high quantum of gratification,
Kaur’s significant abuse of trust and active soliciting of bribes.Indicative
sentencing range: 12 to 44 months plus fine up to $100,000 and with an
indicative starting sentence of 28 months’ imprisonment plus fine up to
$100,000 for the point in the middle of moderate harm, high culpability box
(ie, the strategic point). Indicative starting sentence: 20 months’
imprisonment for C4 due to the large quantum of gratification of US$50,000. 24
months’ imprisonment for C6 as the benefit received is arguably higher than
the gratification sum of US$50,000 – Kaur was able to afford a property which
she later sold for a profit of $267,000. 16 months’ imprisonment for C9, even
though there was a greater extent of prompting for C9, as the gratification
for C9 was Leonard’s undertaking to pay all Kaur’s hotel expenses (ie, a blank
cheque for hotel expenses) amounting to a gratification sum of US$14,977.74,
which was significantly smaller than the other sums.  
Offender-specific factors stated in the judgment 1\. Other charges taken into
consideration 2\. Voluntary disgorgement (at [161])3\. Plea of guilt (at
[161])4\. Kaur suffered from epithelial ovarian cancer, but this did not
warrant a sentencing discount (at [148])No stated adjustments for the totality
principle in the judgment.  
Assessment of final sentence: Kaur ought not to be considered a first-time
offender given the long period of offending. A downward adjustment of the
indicative sentences by 20% is warranted on account of Kaur’s voluntary
disgorgement and plea of guilt, after considering the other charges taken into
consideration. The final sentences for the corruption offences is 16 months’
imprisonment for C4; 19.2 months’ imprisonment for C6; and 12.8 months’
imprisonment for C9.  
Assessment of backtesting: The final sentence from the Preliminary Harm-
Culpability Matrix is generally consistent with the final sentence in the
case.  
  
Heng Tze Yong v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 0976  
---  
Summary of facts: The appellant (“Heng”) pleaded guilty to a single charge
under s 6(b) of the PCA (“C1”). There was another charge taken into
consideration. Heng was the director of ANM Services Pte Ltd (“ANM”), a
company which provided semi-conductor engineering services, including
providing parts cleaning and HEPA filters. He was introduced to Ben Ong
(“Ong”), a facility manager of Micron Semi-conductor Asia Pte Ltd (“Micron”).
Micron awarded multiple contracts for the supply of HEPA filters under Ong’s
influence. That said, even without Ong’s influence, Micron still awarded
contracts to ANM for parts cleaning services. In May 2013, Heng paid $3,000 to
Ong at the latter’s request to avoid souring the relationship with Ong. In
August 2013, Heng paid $7,000 for similar reasons. The second bribe was the
subject of C1 (at [8]). This is a Romel category 1 case (at [19] and
[20]).Sentence imposed: Fine of $35,000 (at [48]).  
Offence-specific factors in the judgment that go towards harm: 1\. Absence of
detriment to the principal, Micron had not suffered any real losses (at
[45]).2\. There was insufficient nexus between the corruption and the
semiconductor industry for the presence of a strategic industry to count as an
aggravating factor (at [41]).Offence-specific factors in the judgment that go
towards culpability: 1\. Low quantum of gratification militated against the
imprisonment term being imposed (at [22]).2\. Appellant did not initiate the
bribe (at [32]).3\. Appellant had a senior position in ANM (at [46(d)]).  
Indicative starting sentence: Categorization: Slight harm and low culpability
as the amount of gratification involved is low and the lack of real loss to
the principal. Indicative sentencing range: Fine. Indicative sentence: A high
fine of three times the total amount of gratification would be appropriate,
ie, $30,000.  
Offender-specific factors stated in the judgment 1\. Further charge taken into
consideration (at [44]).2\. Plea of guilt (at [11]).No stated adjustments for
the totality principle in the judgment. There was a similar case in which one
Thor Chi Tiong had also given a bribe to Ong and was sentenced to a fine of
$35,000. Thor faced only one charge (at [16], [46] – [47]).  
Assessment of final sentence: Bearing in mind the principle of parity and
weighing the further charge taken into consideration against the mitigating
value of a plea of guilt, there should be no further downward adjustment of
the indicative sentences.  
Assessment of backtesting: The difference between the final sentence from the
Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix and the actual sentence handed down is not
significant. Even though the Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix focuses on
determining the indicative imprisonment term, it could predict the sentence of
a fine on the facts of Heng Tze Yong.  
  
Public Prosecutor v Ang Seng Thor [2011] 4 SLR 217  
---  
Summary of facts: The accused was the CEO and joint managing director of AEM-
Evertech Holdings Ltd (“AEM”). He pleaded guilty to two charges under s 6(b)
of the PCA. Two further charges under s 6(b) of the PCA were taken into
consideration along with two charges of giving false statements under s
57(1)(k) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed). AEM was in the
business of supplying equipment and precision tools to semiconductor
manufacturers and was listed on the mainboard of the Singapore Exchange. One
of the two proceeded charges related to the accused giving $97,158 in cash to
an employee of Seagate Technology International (“Seagate”), one Ho Sze Khee
(“Ho”), in return for Seagate ordering goods from AEM (“Seagate Charge”). The
other proceeded charge related to the giving of $50,000 to a director of
Infineon Technologies Malaysia Sdn Bhd (“Infineon”) to secure the sale of four
inspection machines by AEM to Infineon (“Infineon Charge”). The other charges
involved the accused giving bribes of $24,650.10 and $35,700. The total bribe
quantum was $207,508.10 for all charges (at [10]).Sentence imposed: 6 weeks’
imprisonment and a fine of $25,000 per charge with both imprisonment terms to
run consecutively (at [2]).In Romel, Menon CJ cited Ang Seng Thor as being a
case falling within Romel category 1 (Romel at [27]).  
Offence-specific factors in the judgment that go towards harm: 1\. AEM was a
listed company (at [55]), and there is a potential need to deter the creation
of a corrupt business culture at the highest levels of commerce (at [64],
[70])2\. There was no massive financial loss to the accused’s principal (at
[66])Offence-specific factors in the judgment that go towards culpability: 1\.
Accused held a senior position in AEM as CEO (at [42] and [55]).2\. High value
of gratification given (at [47]).3\. Ho initiated the bribes to Seagate, but
the accused was the only person from AEM involved in the decision to give the
bribes. The accused took the initiative to contact Ho to accede to Ho’s
request for kickbacks (at [51]). Further, the accused was one of the two
people who made the decision to give a bribe to Infineon and even travelled to
Malacca to carry out the corrupt transaction (at [52]).  
Indicative starting sentence: Categorisation: Slight harm and medium
culpability as there was no actual harm to AEM, but the quantum of the bribe
per charge was high and the accused was in a senior position in AEM.
Indicative sentencing range: Up to 12 months’ imprisonment plus fine up to
$100,000. Indicative sentence: 3 months’ imprisonment for the Seagate charge
and 2 months’ imprisonment for the Infineon charge (ie, 5 months x 4.333
weeks/month = 21.7 weeks). The extent of harm was approximately the same for
both charges, but the culpability was higher for the Seagate charge because
the quantum of gratification is almost double at $97,158. In this case, the
quantum of gratification was mostly relevant for assessing culpability with
reference to the level of gain sought by the accused.  
Offender-specific factors stated in the judgment 1\. Early plea of guilt (at
[55])2\. Similar offences taken into consideration resulting in a total bribe
quantum of $207,508.10 (at [10]).3\. High degree of cooperation with the
authorities, including his agreement to be a prosecution witness, although
this did not rise to the level of “whistleblowing” (at [55] and [69]).No
stated adjustments for the totality principle in the judgment.  
Assessment of final sentence: A significant downward adjustment of the
indicative sentences by 30%–35% was warranted on account of the accused’s high
degree of cooperation with the authorities and his early plea of guilt.
Moreover, one must also bear in mind that fines, much like imprisonment terms,
have a punitive and deterrent effect. All thing being equal, a sentence of 6
weeks’ imprisonment will be less severe than a sentence of 6 weeks’
imprisonment and a fine of $25,000. A further downward adjustment of 10% would
be appropriate on the facts of this case to account for the imposition of a
fine of $25,000 on both charges. Running the sentences of both charges
consecutively, my total assessed sentence would thus be 13.75 weeks (ie, 21.72
weeks x 70% x 90%) and a fine of $50,000.  
Assessment of backtesting: The final sentence from the Preliminary Harm-
Culpability Matrix is consistent with the final sentence in the case.  
  
A.34 The above analysis of the cases shows that the Preliminary Harm-
Culpability Matrix (and by extension the preliminary modified sentencing
framework) is broadly in line with recent, authoritative precedents and
reasonably capable of predicting the indicative sentences.

A.35 I will thus adopt the Preliminary Harm-Culpability Matrix and will refer
to it as the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix.

Mapping the analysed cases onto the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix

A.36 In this section, I will pictorially illustrate how the various indicative
starting sentences in relation to imprisonment terms from three of the above
analysed cases can be mapped into the Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix. I have
omitted the case of Heng Tze Yong ([79(c)] supra) because it involves an
indicative starting sentence of a fine.

* * *

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

* * *

Annex B: Uncertainty in the indicative starting sentence

A.37 The Contour Matrix and Modified Harm-Culpability Matrix are both capable
of handling a situation of uncertainty in the assessment of the level of harm
and/or culpability after a consideration of the non-exhaustive list of
offence-specific factors set out in [239] above. In this context, uncertainty
refers broadly to a situation where the court is unable to determine a
specific level of harm and culpability as pinpoint inputs to the Double
Variable Framework.

A.38 As the principles behind managing uncertainty are the same for both
matrices, I will explain the process for dealing with uncertainty with
reference to the Contour Matrix.

* * *

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

* * *

A.39 The dotted rectangles represent the extent of the uncertainty in the
initial assessment of the levels of both the harm and culpability. The larger
the uncertainty for both harm and culpability, the larger the rectangle. The
smaller the uncertainty for both harm and culpability, the smaller the
rectangle. The indicative starting sentence will be obtained by interpolating
between the contour lines of equal sentence to obtain the possible range of
indicative starting sentences that covers the size of the rectangle. The court
is thereby guided by the output information on the indicative starting
sentence from the model shown above (whether as a range depicted by a large
rectangle, or as a precise point depending on the preciseness of “inputs” into
the model).

A.40 I should add that a rectangle only arises as a representation of
uncertainty if both harm and culpability are at uncertain levels. If only one
parameter is uncertain, then the uncertainty of that singular parameter will
present itself on the matrix as a single line. This single line will be
horizontal if the level of culpability can be determined with certainty (and
hence assessed at a constant value) but the level of harm is uncertain. This
single line will be vertical if the level of harm can be determined with
certainty (and hence assessed to be a constant value) but the level of
culpability is uncertain. The greater the uncertainty of one parameter (with
the other parameter being certain), the longer that line will be and hence,
the wider the range of indicative starting sentences thrown up as the output
from the framework. The less the uncertainty of one parameter (with the other
parameter being certain), the shorter that line will be and hence, the
narrower the range of indicative starting sentence thrown up as the output
from the framework. If there is no uncertainty in the assessment for both harm
and culpability, then the line will be reduced to a pinpoint and it will be
represented as a dot on the matrix, and a definitive singular indicative
starting sentence will be thrown up by the framework (ie, a pinpoint input to
the framework will throw up a pinpoint output).

A.41 Returning to the Contour Matrix, the indicative sentencing range for the
large rectangle is approximately 11 months’ imprisonment to 32 months’
imprisonment plus a fine up to $100,000 having reference to the contour lines
nearest to the bottom, leftmost tip of the large rectangle (ie, lowest
possible offence severity) and the top, rightmost tip of the large rectangle
(ie, highest possible offence severity). The indicative sentencing range for
the small rectangle is approximately 20 months’ imprisonment to 26 months’
imprisonment plus a fine up to $100,000 having reference to the contour lines
nearest to the bottom, leftmost tip of the small rectangle (ie, lowest
possible offence severity) and the top, rightmost tip of the small rectangle
(ie, highest possible offence severity).

A.42 While it is possible for the Modified Framework to accommodate some
uncertainty when determining the indicative sentence (ie, by using an
indicative range which is then adjusted at subsequent steps of the framework),
one must bear in mind that in final analysis, the sentencing court must arrive
at a final sentence for the offender. One cannot sentence an offender to an
imprisonment term of 12 to 15 months’ and a fine of $10,000 to $20,000. At
some point, sentencing court must grab the bull by its horns and find a way to
overcome the uncertainty.

Annex C: Illustrating the gaps in the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix

A.43 I have previously explained that there are gaps in the Prosecution’s
harm-culpability matrix. In this section, I will represent the gaps in the
indicative imprisonment terms by way of a 2D graph and a 3D model.

A.44 I must stress that the subsequent sections of Annex C are aimed simply at
illustrating pictorially the various gaps in the Prosecution’s harm-
culpability matrix. I have already described these gaps and issues above at
[217], [227] and [231]. However, this requires the reader to visualise the
gaps himself. Another way is to represent these gaps via a 2D graph,
supplemented with a 3D model of some kind, which will allow the reader to
better visualise how the indicative sentencing ranges in the matrix correspond
to all the possible combinations of the different degrees of harm and
culpability as spread out in the whole canvas of the matrix.

A.45 I do not purport to lay down a concrete relationship between harm,
culpability and the indicative sentence through these models. Rather, I am
cognisant that a number of assumptions have to be made in order to depict
visually the gaps for the reader, as a result of which, these models cannot be
used to determine the indicative sentence under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA.
They are no more than theoretical models to facilitate understanding of the
four principles that have been alluded to earlier under “Question 2: Contents
of the sentencing guidelines” at [144] to [188].

A.46 The setup of these theoretical models are as follows:

(a) Harm and culpability are continuous independent variables that affect the
indicative starting sentence. The harm parameter is given a scale of one to 80
units of “H”. The culpability parameter is given a scale of one to 80 units of
“C”. As harm or culpability increases, the number of H or C units also
increase.

(b) The Prosecution employs the labels of “low”, “medium”, “high” etc, to
denote varying extents of the harm and culpability parameters. I adopt these
as well:

(i) One to 20 units of H and C correspond to “low” harm and culpability
respectively.

(ii) 21 to 40 units of H and C correspond to “moderate” harm and “medium”
culpability.

(iii) 41 to 60 units of H and C correspond to “severe” harm and “high”
culpability.

(iv) 61 to 80 units of H and C correspond respectively to harm and culpability
tending towards extreme or near “infinity” levels. To create the models, I
assume that the “infinity” points are at 80 units of H and C.

(c) As the harm and culpability parameters are given equal weightage, the
combination of a specific level of harm and culpability giving rise to the
indicative sentence (in terms of imprisonment) is designated by the unit “HC”
(which is, for clarity, not H multiplied by C, but simply a convenient
shorthand to show that the sentence is in units derived from some combination
of H and C). In other words, HC is, for present purposes, a unit of sentence,
which, given the Proportionality principle, is also a proxy unit for the
severity of the offence. For the purposes of illustration, the assumed
relationship between harm, culpability and the indicative sentence is a simple
relationship of: Harm + Culpability = Indicative Starting Sentence. For
example: 20H + 20C = 40HC. Once again, I clarify that this is only for the
sake of the present illustration and is not intended to lay down a concrete
relationship between harm and culpability.

(d) While I recognise that there are infinite possible combinations of
different levels of severity for each of the harm and culpability parameters
as there is theoretically no limit to the variability and degree of severity
of harm and culpability that may present itself on the very variable facts in
corruption cases, it is not possible to show this infinite variability on the
model. Instead, I have used the 6,400 combinations of different levels of
severity for harm and culpability (ie, an 80 by 80 box matrix with 6,400
boxes, instead of a three by three box matrix with only nine boxes) as an
approximation of all the possible combinations of various severities for the
harm and culpability parameters under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA.

(e) So as not to overly complicate the models, I also assume that the lowest
degree of possible harm and culpability is 1H or 1C respectively, and the
highest degree of possible harm and culpability is 80H or 80C respectively.
There is no zero.

A.47 I use the following points from the Prosecution’s matrix to fix the
relationship between the indicative starting sentence and various units of HC:

(a) The top of the severe harm, high culpability box has an indicative
starting sentence of 5 years’ imprisonment. This corresponds to 120HC (ie, 60H
+ 60C). The bottom of the box has an indicative starting sentence of 3 years’
imprisonment. This corresponds to 82HC (ie, 41H + 41C).

(b) The bottom of the moderate harm, medium culpability box has an indicative
starting sentence of 1 year’s imprisonment. This corresponds to 42 HC (ie, 21H
+ 21C). I did not use the top of this box as a point to fix the relationship
between the indicative starting sentence and HC as there is a jump in the
indicative starting sentences from 2 to 3 years (ie, a gap) in between the two
diagonally adjacent boxes.

A.48 Given that the Prosecution wishes to spread out the indicative sentences
consistently across the harm-culpability matrix, 4 years’ imprisonment
corresponds to the midpoint between 120HC and 82HC, 101HC (ie, (120HC –
82HC)/2 + 82HC) and 2 years’ imprisonment corresponds to 62HC (ie, (82HC –
42HC)/2 + 42HC).

A.49 As the slight harm, low culpability box is reserved for fines under the
Prosecution’s matrix, the indicative imprisonment term is zero. All
combinations of harm and culpability within that box results in 0HC. Further,
as there is no provision for any degrees of harm and culpability above “high”
or “severe”, the indicative imprisonment terms are also zero in those sections
(ie, the framework no longer applies).

2D representation of the gaps in the Prosecution’s matrix

A.50 The harm-culpability matrix is a form of Double Variable Sentencing
Framework. As such, it cannot be completely represented in a 2D graph with
only two axes: one for the independent variable and one for the dependent
variable of indicative sentence.

A.51 Nonetheless, it is possible to partially represent the harm-culpability
matrix via a 2D graph by notionally treating one of the independent variables
as a constant value for each line on the 2D graph. A series of different lines
on the 2D graph will represent a series of different fixed constant values for
that independent variable. Via a series of lines, the 2D graph can also
present the information of a Double Variable Sentencing Framework, just not as
effectively as a 3D model can.

A.52 To illustrate the gaps in the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix, I
will plot only three lines using a 2D graph. Each line represents the
situation when harm is constant (ie, at 10H, 30H and 50H), but culpability is
increasing. There are, in this model, 80 possible such lines because there are
80 possible H-values for harm – in reality, there is an infinite number of
lines because harm is not constrained to a scale of 80 units.

A.53 The 2D graph with the three lines of harm is as follows:

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

A.54 The horizontal axis represents culpability (in C units). As culpability
increases, the C value increases up to 80C as that is the pre-set maximum
culpability. The vertical axis represents the dependent variable (ie, the
indicative starting sentence) in HC units that is the resulting outcome of the
matrix from the multiple possible combinations of the twin independent
variables of harm and culpability.

A.55 The red, green and purple dots represent the indicative starting
sentences when harm is constant at 10H, 30H and 50H respectively. The black
dots represent where the indicative starting sentences ought to be if there
are no gaps in the Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix.

A.56 The salient features of this graph are:

(a) The maximum indicative sentence of 5 year’s imprisonment is reached at
120HC, and as such, there can be no further increases in the indicative
sentence. None of the dots go above 120HC.

(b) The red dots (lying on the x-axis) between 1C and 20C have a HC value of
0HC because the Prosecution reserves the first slight harm, low culpability
box for fines only. There is thus no indicative imprisonment sentence. While
this is a gap in the imprisonment term, this is not an unexplained gap, and it
is in line with the case law that offenders with low levels of harm and
culpability may be dealt with by the imposition of fines.

(c) The blue dots (lying on the x-axis) occur when culpability goes above 60C,
ie, when culpability is above “high” and can extend in its severity to
infinity. These blue dots have no indicative imprisonment sentence as the
Prosecution’s matrix does not apply in or does not account for such a
situation (see [211] above).

(d) Focusing on the black dots, as culpability increases, the indicative
sentences increase continuously and proportionately to it, up to the maximum
indicative imprisonment term of 5 years (or 120HC).

A.57 I turn now to illustrate the gaps in the Prosecution’s matrix. These gaps
can be seen by looking at the areas where the red, green, purple and blue dots
differ from the black dots.

A.58 Using the green dots as an example (ie, when harm is moderate at a
constant 30H):

(a) There is a gap in the moderate harm, low culpability box. The harm value
is fixed at 30H, and as such, when culpability goes beyond 12C, the HC value
will go above 42HC. However, per the Prosecution’s matrix, the highest
indicative imprisonment term is 1 year, or 42HC (see [A.47] above). As such,
within the moderate harm, low culpability box, the maximum combination of harm
and culpability is only 42HC. When culpability exceeds 12C, for example at 15C
(which is still within the range of low culpability), the HC value remains at
42HC instead of going up to 45HC (where it is supposed to be, given 15C +
30C). There is an artificial restriction of sentence within the Prosecution’s
matrix. Furthermore, the HC value jumps when culpability moves from 20C to
21C. This is because culpability is now medium, and the indicative sentencing
range within the moderate harm, medium culpability box (ie, 1 to 2 years’
imprisonment) is no longer restricted to 1 year or 42HC.

(b) There is also a gap in the moderate harm, medium culpability box which
results in the same gaps. Briefly, the maximum indicative imprisonment term in
the box is 2 years or 62HC. As such, the moment culpability increases above
32C (assuming the base of 30H of harm), the ceiling of 2 years is reached and
the indicative sentences within the box can no longer increase in tandem with
increases in culpability.

(c) There is another gap in the moderate harm, high culpability box arising in
a similar manner. The maximum indicative imprisonment term in the box is 3
years, or 82HC. When culpability exceeds 52C, the ceiling of 3 years is
reached and the indicative sentences within the box can no longer increase in
tandem with increases in culpability.

(d) The last gap in the indicative imprisonment sentences is when culpability
is more than 60C, ie, in excess of the highest culpability encapsulated within
the Prosecution’s framework. This is represented by the blue dots (see [A.56]
above).

A.59 One should bear in mind that the green dots represent only one out of the
80 different values of harm possible. As such, at every value of harm, there
will be gaps within the Prosecution’s framework. The above analysis also
applies when culpability is constant, but harm is continuously changing.

3D representation of the gaps in the Prosecution’s matrix

A.60 I now provide an illustration of the gaps in the Prosecution’s matrix
when one considers both harm and culpability as continuously increasing
independent variables via a 3D model. A 3D model is better able to demonstrate
these gaps than a 2D graph can.

A.61 The vertical “z” axis represents the indicative starting sentence (in HC
units), which are to be derived from various combinations of harm and
culpability. The horizontal “x” axis represents culpability (in C units). The
other horizontal “y” axis represents harm (in H units). Imagine these two “x”
and “y” axis as forming the base foundation on the floor of the 3D structure.
As culpability increases, the C value increases up to 80C as that is the pre-
set maximum culpability. As the harm increases, the H value increases up to
80H as that is again the pre-set maximum harm. The vertical “z” axis
(extending upwards) represents the indicative starting sentence, which
increases to a pre-set maximum of 120 HC units at the maximum imprisonment
term prescribed under the law for the offence.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

A.62 The graph is multi-coloured to show more clearly the different ranges of
indicative imprisonment. The red arrows show the direction of increasing
magnitude.

A.63 The salient portions of the 3D model are as follows:

(a) The surface area corresponding to slight harm and low culpability presents
itself as a blue, flat 2D square because the box is reserved for fines. The
indicative imprisonment sentence is hence 0 years (0HC).

(b) The area corresponding to culpability and harm approaching infinity also
has an indicative sentence of 0 year’s imprisonment because the Prosecution’s
framework does not apply in or does not account for such situations. This area
presents as a blue flat 2D surface as well.

(c) There are also multiple flat triangular areas within the upward sloping
surface of the 3D model. These represent areas in which the indicative
sentence is artificially restricted as explained above. Where there was
previously a flat line in the 2D graph, this is represented by a flat
triangular area in the 3D model given the added dimension representing the
variable of harm when compared with the 2D graph. These flat areas act as
ceilings on the indicative starting sentence when there should be no such
ceilings given the continuously increasing independent variables of harm and
culpability.

A.64 To conclude, there are numerous gaps and discontinuities in the
Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix as can be readily seen in the 3D model
above. Unless there is a good explanation for them, eg, to give effect to the
case law that fines can generally be imposed for offenders of slight harm and
low culpability or the presence of legislated minimum sentences for the
offence, such gaps and discontinuities in the design of the sentencing matrix
should be avoided in line with the Continuity principle.

A.65 A video showing a full 360 degrees rotation of the 3D model of the
Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix and another video showing a full 360
degrees rotation for the idealised Double Variable Framework will provide a
clearer picture of what both frameworks look like conceptually and how they
differ from each other. However, they cannot be included in the judgment due
to technical reasons. For the record, both videos (including a physical mock-
up 3D model of the Double Variable Framework) have been shown to all the
parties present at the time of the delivery of judgment in court on 2 December
2020.

A.66 As a post-script, updated versions of the abovementioned two videos can
be found at the following links: (a) https://go.gov.sg/ma-9178 for
Prosecution’s harm-culpability matrix; and (b) https://go.gov.sg/ma-9179 for
the idealised Double Variable Framework.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 04 Feb 2021 (12:19 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

