Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 34

Civil Appeal No 75 of 2019

Between

(1)| Yip Kin Lung  
---|---  
(2)| Mega Auto Pte Ltd  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| Ding Auto Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ding Tang Ling  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 1040 of 2017

Between

| Ding Auto Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Yip Kin Lung  
---|---  
(2)| Mega Auto Pte Ltd  
(3)| Chiun Tser Peng Andy  
  
… Defendants

And

| Ding Tang Ling  
---|---  
  
… Third Party

Ex Tempore judgment

[Agency] — [Duties of agent] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yip Kin Lung and another

  
v

  

Ding Auto Pte Ltd and another

[2020] SGCA 34

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 75 of 2019  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
6 April 2020

6 April 2020

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The second respondent, Mr Ding Tang Ling (“Ding”), founded the first
respondent, Ding Auto Pte Ltd (“Ding Auto”), as its sole shareholder and
director. He had the help of the first appellant, Mr Yip Kin Lung (“Jason”),
who was the sole director of the second appellant, Mega Auto Pte Ltd (“Mega
Auto”). A quarrel broke out between Ding and Jason sometime in 2016, and they
stopped working together.

2 Ding Auto subsequently brought the present claim against Jason, Mega Auto,
and Jason’s business associate, Andy Chiun Tser Peng (“Andy”) to recover
payments made out of Ding Auto. According to Ding Auto, Ding relied solely on
Jason and his business associates to run Ding Auto’s finances. However, over
the years Jason misused his control over Ding Auto’s finances to siphon monies
away to Mega Auto and to make other improper payments.

3 Jason told a very different story. According to him, Ding Auto was set up
with Ding as nominee director and shareholder, but with an oral agreement for
Mega Auto to hold the entire beneficial interest. All the monies paid out of
Ding Auto were legitimate reimbursements for business expenses. Jason and Mega
Auto brought a counterclaim against Ding Auto and third party proceedings
against Ding, seeking a declaration that Ding Auto belonged to Mega Auto, as
well as the return of equipment and the repayment of further debts, amongst
other things. We will refer to the counterclaim and the third party claim as
“the counterclaims” for convenience.

4 The trial judge (“the Judge”) found in favour of Ding’s version of events on
every count. The Judge found Jason liable for breach of fiduciary duty in
respect of $350,372.80 of payments made improperly out of Ding Auto, and Mega
Auto liable for knowing receipt in respect of $212,277.38 out of this sum
which it had received directly. These were the entirety of the sums still
maintained by Ding Auto in its claim at the end of the trial. The Judge
awarded Jason and Mega Auto $48,677.81, solely in respect of those parts of
their counterclaims which Ding Auto indicated that it was willing to pay. The
claims against Andy and the third party claims against Ding were dismissed.
The relevant facts as well as the Judge’s reasons for her decision are set out
in detail in [2019] SGHC 243 (“the GD”).

5 Jason and Mega Auto appeal against the Judge’s decision on the claim against
them, as well as the dismissal of their counterclaims.

6 The appeal turns entirely on factual disputes. In short, these are:

(a) Whether Ding owns the beneficial interest in Ding Auto, or holds it on
trust for Mega Auto;

(b) Whether Jason made improper payments out of Ding Auto; and

(c) Whether the counterclaims should be allowed.

7 Owing to the lack of clear documentary evidence, the key issue in these
proceedings is the credibility of Ding’s account against that of Jason’s
account. The Judge found that Jason was prepared to subvert documentation for
his own purposes, and that he had downplayed his role in handling Ding Auto’s
finances until he was forced to admit his control over them in cross-
examination (see the GD at [120], [140]). Conversely, the Judge accepted
Ding’s evidence, corroborated by other witnesses, that he had a very limited
understanding of English and business practices, and that he was only all too
glad to entrust Ding Auto’s finances to Jason, whom he trusted (see the GD at
[121]–[123]). In our judgment, the Judge had ample grounds on which to make
these findings on the basis of the witnesses’ credibility.

8 As such, we agree with the Judge’s assessment of the significance of the
letter of resignation as director and blank share transfer form which Ding had
signed, the Joint Venture Agreement which Ding had not signed, and of Ding and
Jason’s respective conduct after they fell out (see the GD at [98]–[108]). The
Judge was therefore justified in finding that Ding was the beneficial owner of
Ding Auto.

9 We note that in reaching this finding, the Judge also placed some weight on
Ding Auto’s corporate documents. However, with respect, we do not think these
documents have any significant probative value.

(a) First, the Judge relied on s 196A(6) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed), which provided that entries in a company’s register of members
maintained by ACRA would be prima facie evidence of the truth of the matters
reflected (see the GD at [94]). Since Ding was the only registered shareholder
of Ding Auto, the Judge concluded that there was prima facie no other party
with an interest in Ding Auto. We do not think s 196A(6) assists Ding. It
casts the burden of proof of showing the separation of the beneficial and
legal interests in Ding Auto upon Jason and Mega Auto, but this burden would
have fallen on them in any event (see s 105 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed)).

(b) Second, the Judge relied upon the annual returns of Ding Auto filed with
ACRA which declared it to be an exempt private company within the meaning of s
4(1) of the Companies Act (see the GD at [95]). An exempt private company is
one in which, inter alia, no corporation holds any beneficial interest. We do
not think the fact that Jason had instructed the making of this declaration
has the significance the Judge ascribed to it, since there was no evidence
that he was aware of this definition at the time.

(c) Third, the Judge relied on clause 9 of Ding Auto’s articles of association
(see the GD at [97]), which provides that:

Except as required by law, no person shall be recognized by the company as
holding any share upon any trust, and the company shall not be bound by or be
compelled in any way to recognise (even when having notice thereof) any
equitable … interest in any share … (except only as by these articles or by
law otherwise provided) … except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in
the registered holder.

We are unable to agree with the Judge that such a clause precludes Ding Auto’s
shares from being held on trust. In this regard, we agree with the reasons
given in Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter v Gay Choon Ing [2008] SGHC 31 at [36] (this
point was not in issue on appeal in Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter
and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332) and Forest Fibers Inc v K K Asia
Environmental Pte Ltd and another and another suit [2018] SGHC 195 at [126].
In short, this clause is about the company’s obligations, and does not prevent
a trust from arising.

10 Although we respectfully disagree with the Judge on the significance of
Ding Auto’s corporate documents, the essence of the Judge’s finding that Ding
was the beneficial owner of Ding Auto rested on the parties’ credibility as
witnesses. We therefore affirm this finding.

11 Following from this, the Judge found that Jason was an agent of Ding Auto,
and owed it fiduciary duties in managing its finances. The parties do not
contest this finding, and we see no reason to disturb it.

12 We turn next to the impugned payments out of Ding Auto.

(a) The Judge found the supporting documents for these payments to be less
than satisfactory. In particular, in respect of the reimbursements of alleged
staff salary payments, the documents which broke these reimbursements down by
employee were created only after the commencement of the proceedings, and no
explanation was provided to support the reliability of this information (see
the GD at [155], [167]). We do not think the appellants have provided a
sufficient basis to challenge the Judge’s conclusions on the salary
reimbursements.

(b) The appellants point to Table A of their closing submissions at the trial
in support of the petty cash reimbursements given to Wong Seng Kee. Without
going into whether the appellants can properly rely on Table A, we do not
think this addresses the crux of the problem identified by the Judge, which is
the lack of evidence that these reimbursements were approved by Ding Auto with
its informed consent, or that the purported supporting documents are reliable
in the light of the Judge’s findings on Jason’s proclivities (see the GD at
[180]–[185]).

(c) As for the payments for spray paint purchases prior to April 2014, and the
“back-charges” in relation to #01-20 and #01-22, the common thread in these
payments is the Judge’s finding that the spray-painting booth at #01-22 was
not in Ding Auto’s possession (see the GD at [193]). We see no reason to
disturb this finding.

13 The Judge found that Jason was liable to restore the amount of the improper
payments to Ding Auto, and to account to it for any profits he made as a
result of the improper payments. The Judge also found Mega Auto liable for
knowing receipt of the improper payments it received directly. The parties
likewise do not challenge this part of the Judge’s reasoning, and we see no
reason to depart from it.

14 We turn finally to the counterclaims. The appellants’ counterclaims in
relation to the expenses for #01-22 must be rejected by virtue of the finding
that #01-22 was not in Ding Auto’s possession. We likewise see no reason to
disturb the Judge’s findings that there was insufficient evidence to support
the remaining counterclaims, other than those expenses which Ding Auto
accepted that it should share. In particular, the appellants have not adduced
sufficient evidence to convince us that Ding Auto’s “Bench Rack 500 System
Filter” can be traced to the invoice issued to Mega Auto on 23 August 2013,
which did not specify which of Mega Auto’s locations the equipment listed
therein was intended for (see the GD at [239]). They have therefore not proven
that Ding Auto had wrongfully retained this, or any other, piece of equipment.

15 We therefore dismiss the appellants’ appeal in its entirety, and affirm the
orders made by the Judge below. We will hear parties on costs.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Khelvin Xu Cunhan, Andrew Tan and Lim Yuan Jing (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for the appellants;

Sam Hui Min Lisa (Lisa Sam & Company) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

