Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 234

Originating Summons No 603 of 2020

In the matter of Performance Bond No LBP/P1821315 dated 25 July 2016 issued by
AXA Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd in favour of Chiu Teng Construction Co Pte Ltd

Between

| Chiu Teng Construction Co Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| AXA Insurance Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Credit And Security] — [Performance bond]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chiu Teng Construction Co Pte Ltd

  
v

  

AXA Insurance Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 234

High Court — Originating Summons No 603 of 2020  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
13 August 2020

2 November 2020

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This was an application in which the plaintiff sought to trigger the
defendant’s liability to pay under a performance bond. While not factually
complicated, this required a re-examination of the propositions relating to
indemnity bonds set forth in JBE Properties Pte Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd [2011] 2
SLR 47 (“JBE”) and York International Pte Ltd v Voltas Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 1142
(“York International”). It also required a consideration of exactly how a
party calling on such a bond ought to prove its losses. I allowed the
application and the defendant has since appealed. I now give my grounds of
decision.

Background facts

2 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore, in the business of
building construction. It was employed as the main contractor in a project for
refurbishment and upgrading works at Hall of Residence 4, Nanyang
Technological University (the “Project”). On 1 August 2016, the plaintiff
appointed QBH Pte Ltd (“QBH”), a Singapore company also in the business of
building construction, as a sub-contractor for the Project. Under this sub-
contract, QBH was responsible for a large part of the works in the Project.

3 In connection with the sub-contract, the defendant, an insurance company,
issued Performance Bond No. LBP/P1821315 dated 25 July 2016 (the “Bond”) in
favour of the plaintiff. This was done at the request of QBH, who was the
account party under the Bond. The amount secured under the bond is
S$397,687.50.

4 Disputes subsequently arose regarding the plaintiff’s certification of QBH’s
payment claim. The plaintiff also contended that QBH had breached various
obligations under the sub-contract and sought payment of monies from QBH. The
dispute was then submitted for an Adjudication Determination SOP/AA 342/2018,
pursuant to the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payments Act
(Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed). On 5 October 2018, the adjudicator determined that the
plaintiff owed QBH a sum of S$386,859.21.

5 Notwithstanding this, the plaintiff proceeded to call on the Bond on 14
December 2018 (the “First Call”). In response, QBH commenced originating
summons no 1239 of 2018 (“OS 1239/2018) in an attempt to restrain the
defendant from paying, and the plaintiff from receiving, any payments under
the Bond.

6 I heard OS 1239/2018 on 3 July 2018 and held that the Bond is in pari
materia with the bond in JBE ([1] supra). The Court of Appeal in JBE had held
that the bond was an indemnity bond, rather than an on-demand bond. As the
plaintiff had, at that time, failed to provide substantive evidence of an
actual loss, the First Call was defective, and the defendant had no obligation
to make any payments under the Bond.

7 For completeness, I note that during the course of OS 1239/2018, QBH’s
subcontractors had made an application to wind-up QBH. This was granted by
Choo Han Teck J in companies winding up no 318 of 2018, who ordered on 23
April 2019 that QBH be placed under liquidation.

8 Following these events, the plaintiff wrote to QBH’s liquidators on 18
February 2020, setting out various heads of claim purportedly for QBH’s
alleged breaches of the sub-contract (the “18 February 2020 Letter”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Poon Boon Wai’s first affidavit on 19 June 2020, pp 60–35.

No reply was received from QBH’s liquidators.

9 The plaintiff then wrote to the defendant on 13 March 2020 to call on the
Bond for a second time (the “Second Call”). In this letter, the plaintiff
informed the defendant that it had written to QBH’s liquidators to put them on
notice of its claim, attaching the 18 February 2020 Letter. On the basis that
almost a month had passed since the 18 February 2020 letter, the plaintiff
indicated that it was “of the view that [QBH’s liquidators] accepted [the
plaintiff’s] claims against [the defendant] and our claims against [the
defendant] have been proven”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Poon Boon Wai’s first affidavit on 19 June 2020, pp 638–640.

10 The defendant responded on 31 March 2020 indicating that the demand for
payment was defective and that they were not obliged to make payment. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Poon Boon Wai’s 1st Affidavit on 19 June 2020, pp 641–643.

In the defendant’s view, this was because beneficiaries under indemnity bonds
were entitled to make a demand for payment “only upon proving” that it had
suffered losses, damages, costs and expenses as a result of the account
party’s breach. Referring to the sub-contract, the defendant noted that the
plaintiff had to refer the claim to arbitration and obtain an award
thereunder.

11 The Second Call was also made outside of the range of dates specified
within the Bond. On this basis, the defendant also contended that the Second
Call on the bond was defective.

12 Two broad issues thus arise here:

(a) whether the plaintiff is entitled to payment of the Bond monies; and

(b) whether the Second Call fell within the specified time limits for a demand
for payment of the bond monies.

Whether the plaintiff is entitled to payment of the Bond monies

13 To recapitulate, I held on 3 July 2018 that the Bond is in pari materia
with the bond in JBE ([1] supra). This is material because the Court of Appeal
in JBE held that the bond there was an indemnity bond, instead of an on-demand
bond. An identical bond was also considered in York International ([1] supra),
with Andrew Ang J agreeing with the conclusions in JBE. Ang J also summarised
the reasoning in JBE as follows at [21]:

(a) Clause 1 of the guarantee in JBE stated that BNP Paribas Singapore (“BNP”)
was obliged to indemnify JBE Properties Pte Ltd (“JBE”) only against “all
losses, damages, costs, expenses or [sic] otherwise sustained by [JBE]”
[emphasis in original]. The corresponding provision in the underlying contract
stated that JBE could use the guarantee to make good “any loss or damage
sustained or likely to be sustained as a result of any breach of contract
whatsoever by [Gammon]”. The omission of the phrase “likely to be sustained”
indicated that the obligation of BNP under the guarantee was limited to
indemnifying JBE against actual losses which it sustained due to Gammon Pte
Ltd’s (“Gammon”) breach of the underlying contract (at [19] of JBE).

(b) Arguably, cl 5 of the guarantee would not affect the requirement that JBE
could only call on the bond if and when it actually suffered loss arising from
any breach by Gammon of its obligations under the underlying contract (at [19]
of JBE).

(c) Where the wording of a performance bond was ambiguous, the court was
entitled to interpret the performance bond as being conditioned upon facts
rather than upon documents or upon a mere demand (at [10] of JBE, analysed
further below at [28]–[38] [of York International]).

14 The words in cl 1 of the Bond are identical in all material particulars to
cl 1 of the bonds in JBE and York International. It can therefore hardly be
argued that the situation here is distinguishable from JBE as regards the
nature of the bond. This was accepted by both parties at the hearing for the
present application.

15 The specific contention of the defendant in this instance is that a
beneficiary to an indemnity bond must establish actual losses arising from any
breach as a fact before it is entitled to call on the bond. It therefore
argued that the provision of documentation is insufficient as such proof of
losses must result from any independent determination, arbitral award or
admission.

16 The previous cases have indeed left open the question of exactly how a
party calling on a bond ought to prove its losses. For instance, it was stated
in JBE at [19] that: “the Bond could be said to be ambiguous as to whether
payment under it was conditioned upon demand or upon proof of actual loss
arising from [the] breach of contract”.

17 In my view, the defendant was correct that an independent determination,
arbitral award or admission is necessary for the plaintiff to definitively
prove its losses. This flows from the nature of the Bond as an indemnity bond.
In York International ([1] supra), Ang J considered at [24] that a similar
bond was susceptible to four possible interpretations:

(a) First, that nothing more than a written claim is required.

(b) Secondly, that the written claim must assert a breach of the underlying
contract.

(c) Thirdly, that the written claim must assert a breach of the underlying
contract and sustained losses.

(d) Finally, that there must in fact have been a breach of the underlying
contract and sustained losses.

18 Ang J then went on to conclude that:

… The distinction between the first three interpretations on the one hand, and
the fourth interpretation on the other, is that the former was conditioned on
documents (and would mean that the bond is of the on demand type) while the
latter is conditioned on extant facts (and would mean that the bond is
conditional in nature). …

19 A similar point was made in JBE ([1] supra) at [10] that the court would be
“entitled to interpret the performance bond as being conditioned upon facts
rather than upon documents or upon a mere demand”. I respectfully agree with
the observations made in the extracts above. A beneficiary under an indemnity
bond must prove that it has suffered actual losses as a matter of fact.
However, this can only be definitively done after an independent
determination, arbitral award or admission from a relevant party. The
provision of documents, regardless of the volume and specificity, is
insufficient to conclusively prove the matter.

20 The plaintiff contended that such an interpretation would place too onerous
a requirement on the calling of the Bond, “chang[ing] the entire practice
relating to bonds in Singapore”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, para 17.

With respect, that might be an exaggeration of the situation at hand. A
beneficiary under such a bond is always entitled to call on the bond if, in
its opinion, it has suffered actual losses. Accompanying such a call will
naturally be the provision of sufficient documents and evidence adduced to
prove the breach of the underlying contract and the consequential losses
suffered. If the guarantor under the bond accepts such documentation and pays
the amount secured under the bond, that is the end of the matter. If the
documents are not accepted as proof, the parties would inevitably have to
proceed to an independent determination, as in the present instance. In any
case, the consequences on the building and construction industry should not be
overstated. As observed in JBE at [10]:

… a performance bond is merely security for the secondary obligation of the
obligor to pay damages if it breaches its primary contractual obligations to
the beneficiary. A performance bond is not the lifeblood of commerce, whether
generally or in the context of the construction industry specifically. …

[emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

21 The defendant, however, went on to argue that this court is in no position
to undertake an independent determination of whether actual losses had been
suffered. It says this is because: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions paras 49–54.

(a) as a recipient of a call on a performance bond, it may only avail itself
of the documents comprising the call; (b) the parties to the underlying
dispute are not all present before the court; and (c) the parties to the
underlying dispute have chosen to govern their relationship by way of an
arbitration agreement.

22 None of these indicated that the court was unable to independently
determine the issue. In JBE, after determining that the relevant bond was an
indemnity bond, the Court of Appeal then dealt with whether the injunction
restraining the appellant from receiving money under the bond had been
correctly granted. In so doing, the Court of Appeal examined, in great detail,
the evidence adduced by the appellant to prove its actual loss (see JBE at
[20]–[29]). It was only after going through the evidence that the court
concluded that the appellant had failed to show that it had suffered actual
loss at the date of the call on the bond (see JBE at [30]). I acknowledged
that in JBE, both parties to the underlying construction contract were present
before the court. However, that should not matter in the present case. The
plaintiff, as the party alleging the breach, is before the court and still
bears the burden of proving that it has suffered losses. The court is hence in
a position to determine whether the plaintiff has adduced sufficient evidence
to definitively prove its case.

23 I note that such a determination had not been undertaken on the facts of
York International ([1] supra). The reason for this was that in that case, the
plaintiff was merely seeking an injunction to restrain the defendant from
receiving payment on the performance bond “until (and unless) the plaintiff
[was] adjudged to be liable in the arbitration proceedings between the
plaintiff and the defendant”: York International at [1]. Arbitration
proceedings were already underway between the plaintiff and defendant there:
York International at [11]. That is quite distinct from the present situation
where no arbitration proceedings have been commenced, and the plaintiff is
seeking an order directing the payment pursuant to the Bond.

24 As to the final point made by the defendant, above at [21], it is
essentially seeking to eat its cake and have its as well. The defendant cannot
ask for the plaintiff to seek an independent determination but then insist on
only proceeding by way of an arbitration. Parties to the underlying contract
may have agreed to govern their relationship using an arbitration agreement.
However, neither party has opted to exercise its right to commence arbitral
proceedings and cannot be compelled to do so. In this situation, the court is
in a position to deal with the matter.

25 Turning to the present facts, the specific losses claimed by the plaintiff
included, amongst others:

(a) Payment made to Aim Fire Systems & Engineering Pte Ltd for the fire alarm
system that QBH was required to install, amounting to $72,100.00 in total. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PBW’s 1st Affidavit p 94.

(b) Payment to Tan Ah Lee Enterprise Pte Ltd for electrical works due to
defective plastering installed by QBH, amounting to $34,276.13 in total. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PBW’s 1st Affidavit p 95.

(c) Payment due to Aston Air Control Pte Ltd to repair the air-conditioning
that was initially installed by QBH, amounting to $1,648.00 in total. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PBW’s 1st Affidavit pp 96.

(d) Payments due to Poh Meng Engineering Pte Ltd for the maintenance of air-
conditioning, provision of as-built drawings, operating manuals, defect
rectification and repairs that QBH had failed to carry out, amounting to
$41,200.00 in total. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PBW’s 1st Affidavit pp 96–97.

(e) Labour costs incurred to rectify QBH’s defective works, amounting to
$36,365.07 in total. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PBW’s 1st Affidavit pp 97.

(f) Payments due to Meng Hung Seng Sanitary & Plumbing Pte Ltd for the
maintenance of water tank and booster pump that QBH had failed to do during
the defects liability period, amounting to $20,600.00 in total. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PBW’s 1st Affidavit pp 98.

26 In total, the eventual quantum of losses tabulated by the Plaintiff
amounted to $475,940.74, with an additional $8,167.54 due to administrative
charges under the sub-contract. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PBW’s 1st Affidavit pp 110.

27 I note that the defendant’s counsel was, quite understandably, unable to
make any submission as to the accuracy of the plaintiff’s claim. Nevertheless,
having assessed the evidence before me, I am satisfied that the plaintiff has
shown sufficient evidence of loss, of such amount that would justify the call
on the bond in the amount of $397,687.50.

Whether the Second Call fell within the specified time limits for a demand for
payment of the bond monies

28 As stated above at [8], the Second Call was made on 13 March 2020. The
Bond, however, contains cl 3 that provides for the relevant time period for
liability as follows:

Our liability under this guarantee shall continue and this guarantee shall
remain in full force and effect from 25/07/2016 until 24/06/2019 provided
always that the expiry date of this guarantee and our liability thereunder
shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 6 months unless we
give you 90 days’ written notice prior to the expiry of our liability of our
intention not to extend this guarantee in respect of any future extension and
provided further that you shall be entitled, upon receiving such notice of our
intention (and within the period specified in Clause 4 hereof), either to:

(a) make a claim under this guarantee; or

(b) direct us to extend the validity of this guarantee for a further period
not exceeding 6 months (and this guarantee shall then expire at the end of
such further period)

[emphasis added]

29 The starting position is therefore, that the Bond was valid from 25 June
2016 until 24 June 2019. However, it provides that the expiry date is
automatically extended for successive periods of six months, unless the
defendant provides a written notice (within certain time limits) of its
intention not to extend in respect of future extensions (the “Notice to
Terminate”). If the defendant does so, the plaintiff is entitled under cl 3(b)
of the Bond to direct a further extension of six months (the “Final Extension
Direction”).

30 In this case, the defendant had provided such a Notice to Terminate, by way
of a letter dated 23 September 2019. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PBW’s 1st Affidavit pp 47–48.

The plaintiff then responded with a Final Extension Direction on 12 December
2019 stating as follows (at para 8): 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PBW’s 1st Affidavit pp 49–52.

Given the above, and in compliance with Clause 4 of the [Bond], we write this
letter to direct you to extend the validity of this guarantee for a further
period of 6 months from the current expiry date of the Performance Bond, 24
December 2019. The new expiry date of the Performance Bond will therefore be
24 June 2020. [emphasis in original]

31 Notwithstanding its own position stated in the extract above, the
plaintiff, attempted to extend it even further, arguing that the validity of
the Bond should be up to 24 December 2020. On its interpretation of cl 3 of
the Bond, a direction to “extend the validity of this guarantee” was intended
to renew the entirety of the Bond, including provisions for automatic
extensions under cl 3 itself. Thus, the plaintiff submitted, at the date of
expiry of the period immediately following its Final Extension Direction, the
Bond will again automatically begin renewing itself. The plaintiff argued that
this interpretation was supported by the fact that under cl 6 of the Bond, it
was entitled to make “more than one claim on, or direction under” the Bond.

32 With respect, this is an extremely strained interpretation of cl 3 of the
Bond. The provisions are sufficiently clear in this regard. Following the
defendant’s Notice to Terminate on 23 September 2019, the Bond should have
expired on 24 December 2019, but for the plaintiff’s Final Extension Direction
on 12 December 2019. The plaintiff’s Final Extension Direction, however, only
extended the expiry to 24 June 2020, with no further extensions possible. To
accept the plaintiff’s reasoning would lead to a ludicrous never-ending cycle
between parties, rendering the original Notice to Terminate for naught.

33 The defendant accepted that 24 June 2020 would be the final expiry date of
the Bond. That should be the end of the matter since the Second Call was made
before this date and would therefore be valid.

Conclusion

34 For completeness, I note that the defendant’s counsel had initially sought
a stay of execution of this judgment pending appeal. I refused to grant this
stay as there was no evidence that the plaintiff would be unable to return the
funds paid should the defendant succeed on appeal.

35 For the reasons given, I found that the plaintiff’s Second Call was valid.
The defendant is therefore liable to the plaintiff under the Bond in the sum
of $397,687.50 plus interests at the rate of 5.33% per annum from the
commencement of the present application on 19 June 2020. I granted costs to
the plaintiff, fixed at $9,000.00 all inclusive.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Lee Peng Khoon Edwin and Sanjana Jayaraman (Eldan Law LLP) for the plaintiff;

Ganesh Bharath Ratnam (Gurbani & Co LLC) for the defendant.

Certified True Copy

Private Secretary to Judge

Supreme Court

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Nov 2020 (20:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

