Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 212

Originating Summons No 798 of 2020

Between

| Trustee of the estate of Tay Choon Huat, deceased  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Soon Kiat Construction & Maintenance Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law] — [Dispute resolution] — [Adjudication]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Trustee of the estate of Tay Choon Huat, deceased

  
v

  

Soon Kiat Construction & Maintenance Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 212

High Court — Originating Summons No 798 of 2020  
Andre Maniam JC  
1 October 2020

6 October 2020

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 What a difference a “day” makes.

2 The sole issue in the present case was whether the defendant’s adjudication
application (“AA”) was lodged one day late. This objection did not find favour
with the adjudicator, and the adjudicator proceeded to make an adjudication
determination (“AD”) against the plaintiff.

3 The plaintiff applied to court to set aside the AD, on the basis that the AA
had been made late.

4 I found that the AA was made late, and set aside the AD. These are my
grounds of decision.

Background

The Contract

5 The parties’ construction contract (the “Contract”) incorporated the
Articles and Conditions of Building Contract (Lump Sum Contract, 9th Ed) of
the Singapore Institute of Architects (the “SIA Conditions”). Clause 31(15)(a)
of the SIA Conditions requires the Employer (ie, the plaintiff) to respond to
an interim payment claim by the Contractor (ie, the defendant) by providing a
payment response “within 21 days” after the interim payment claim is served on
the Employer.

6 The payment claim in the present case was served on the plaintiff on 20
April 2020, and it provided the payment response on 15 May 2020. The AA was
lodged on 28 May 2020.

The issue to be determined

7 The plaintiff contended that the word “day” in clause 31(15)(a) of the SIA
Conditions included public holidays. The defendant disagreed, contending that
“day” in that clause had the same meaning as defined in s 2 of the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (the
“SOPA”), ie, unless the context otherwise requires: “‘day’ means any day other
than a public holiday within the meaning of the Holidays Act (Cap. 126)”.

8 On the plaintiff’s case, with the contractual 21-day period for the payment
response running from 20 April 2020 when the payment claim was served, the
payment response was due on 11 May 2020. This meant that the dispute
settlement period was from 12 to 18 May 2020 (per ss 12(2)(b) and 12(5) of the
SOPA). After the end of the dispute settlement period, the defendant had to
lodge its AA within seven days (under s 13(3)(a) read with s 12(2)(b) of the
SOPA). As 24 and 25 May 2020 were public holidays (Hari Raya Puasa), and the
SOPA definition of “day” would apply to that period, the plaintiff submitted
that the AA had to be lodged by 27 May 2020.

9 On the defendant’s case, however, the public holidays on 1 May 2020 (Labour
Day) and 7 May 2020 (Vesak Day) should be excluded from the computation of the
due date of the payment response. On that basis, the payment response was only
due on 13 May 2020, such that the defendant had to submit the AA by 29 May
2020. The defendant was entitled to lodge an AA (per s 12(2)(b) of the SOPA)
as the plaintiff had failed to provide a payment response on time – whether
the payment response was due on 11 or 13 May 2020, the plaintiff failed to
meet the deadline and only provided the payment response on 15 May 2020. On
the plaintiff’s case, the AA had to be lodged by 27 May 2020, but it was
lodged one day late on 28 May 2020; on the defendant’s case, the AA was lodged
in time.

Consequences of a late adjudication application

10 Section 16(2)(a) of the SOPA provides that an adjudicator “must reject” any
adjudication application that is not made in accordance with s 13(3)(a) of the
SOPA. It was common ground that if the AA had been made one day late, then the
adjudicator was obliged to have rejected it, and that I should now set aside
the AD.

11 Section 27(6) of the SOPA states that the grounds on which a party to an
adjudication may commence proceedings under s 27(5) of the SOPA (which
includes proceedings to set aside an adjudication determination) include, but
are not limited to, the following:

…

(d) the adjudication application or the adjudication review application was
not made in accordance with the provisions of this Act;

(e) the adjudicator failed to comply with the provisions of this Act in making
the adjudication determination;

…

12 It is settled law that an adjudication determination can be set aside for
the adjudication application being made out of time: see YTL Construction (S)
Pte Ltd v Balanced Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 142 at
[43]–[49], UES Holdings Pte Ltd v Grouteam Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 312 at [51],
UES Holdings Pte Ltd v KH Foges Pte Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 648 (“Foges”) at [83].

“Day” in the SIA Conditions

13 Article 9 of the SIA Conditions defines “payment claim” and “payment
response” as having the same meaning and effect as those terms are used in the
SOPA and the regulations thereunder; however, there is no similar express
adoption of the definition of “day” as provided for in the SOPA.

14 The plaintiff contended that this reflected a deliberate decision by the
drafters of the SIA Conditions not to define “day” the same way it is defined
in the SOPA, whereas they did expressly define “payment claim” and “payment
response” in accordance with the SOPA. This argument found favour in a
previous adjudication matter, ATY Pte Ltd v ATZ Pte Ltd [2016] SCAdjR 39
(“ATY”) at [57]–[65], where the learned adjudicator held that “day” in clause
31(15)(a) of the SIA Conditions, as incorporated into the contract there,
included public holidays.

15 The defendant sought to distinguish ATY on the basis that the letter of
award in that case had used the term “calendar day” in relation to liquidated
damages, whereas the appendix to the SIA Conditions had used the term “day”
(when referring to the same matter). The adjudicator in ATY said this pointed
to the parties regarding “calendar day” and “day” as synonymous (ATY at
[68]–[71]). This was, however, only one of five points listed by the
adjudicator to support his decision that “day” in that contract included
public holidays (ATY at [57]–[73]), and it does not appear that the letter of
award’s reference to “calendar day” tipped the scales.

16 The adjudicator in ATY also cited the decision in AFR Pte Ltd v AFS Pte Ltd
[2011] SCAdjR 70 (“AFR”) where another learned adjudicator had likewise
interpreted “day” in clause 31(15)(a) of the SIA Conditions (albeit the 7th
Ed) to include public holidays (see [24]–[28] of AFR).

17 The defendant urged me not to follow the decisions in AFR and ATY. It
argued that there was no need for article 9 of the SIA Conditions to expressly
incorporate the definition of “day” in the SOPA – by incorporating “payment
response”, the SIA Conditions incorporated not only what a payment response
was under the SOPA, but also when a payment response had to be provided under
the SOPA. I did not agree with this argument. The SIA Conditions made a
“payment response” under the SIA Conditions what it was under the SOPA, but
the SIA Conditions themselves made provision for when a payment response was
to be provided, in the form of clause 31(15)(a). Article 9(d) of the SIA
Conditions only states that “payment response” shall have the same “meaning
and effect” as those words in the SOPA, which is a separate matter from when a
payment response has to be provided under the SOPA.

18 In this regard, s 11(1) of the SOPA reads as follows:

11.—(1) A respondent named in a payment claim served in relation to a
construction contract shall respond to the payment claim by providing, or
causing to be provided, a payment response to the claimant —

(a) by the date as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of
the construction contract, or within 21 days after the payment claim is served
under section 10, whichever is the earlier; or

(b) where the construction contract does not contain such provision, within 14
days after the payment claim is served under section 10.

19 Where a contract makes provision for when a payment response is to be
provided (as was the case here), s 11(1)(a) of the SOPA applies and the
payment response is to be provided by that contractual date, or within 21 days
after the payment claim is served under s 10 of the SOPA, whichever is the
earlier. The statutory “long stop” stipulation is “within 21 days after the
payment claim is served under section 10” (and that 21-day period would
exclude public holidays because of the definition of “day” in s 2 of the
SOPA), but the SOPA expressly allows the parties to agree on a shorter period,
and if they did, that agreed shorter period would then be applicable.

20 The question remains whether the 21-day period in clause 31(15)(a) of the
SIA Conditions is the same as the 21-day period in s 11(1)(a) of the SOPA. If
“day” in the SIA Conditions excluded public holidays, then the two periods
would be the same; but if “day” in the SIA Conditions included public holidays
(and there were public holidays in the period in question), then the period
under the SIA Conditions would be shorter.

21 “Day” was also used elsewhere in the Contract. Paragraph 3 of the letter of
award stated that in the event of late completion, liquidated damages would be
imposed at a rate of “$500/- per day”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Law Teck On’s affidavit dated 31 August 2020 (“Law’s affidavit”), pp 15 and
76.

The same paragraph expressed the Contract Period as “six (6) calendar months
including Sundays, Public Holidays and rest days”, but this was more simply
stated as “six months” in the appendix. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Law’s affidavit, pp 15 and 76.

It appears that the parties regarded “calendar months” (including public
holidays) and “months” as synonymous. Their agreement on a Contract Period
that specifically included public holidays suggests that they also intended
other periods of time in the Contract to include public holidays.

22 If the defendant failed to complete the construction works within the
Contract Period, it would be liable to liquidated damages. It would not matter
whether the first day after the Contract Period were a public holiday: that
would not give the defendant an extra day to complete the works; he had
already exceeded the Contract Period. Under clause 24(2), liquidated damages
would be payable for the period during which the works remained incomplete,
and there is no stipulation relieving the defendant from liability for any
public holidays in that period.

23 The defendant accepted that, in the Contract, “day” in relation to
liquidated damages included public holidays. The defendant submitted that this
was commercially justified because the cost of late completion to an Employer
would continue day after day, whether any day was a public holiday. However,
the defendant argued that the context of reckoning time for provision of a
payment response was different, and so the meaning of “day” in relation to
liquidated damages should not influence my decision on what “day” in clause
31(15) meant; moreover, the SOPA only addressed the payment mechanism, and not
liquidated damages.

24 The defendant’s argument would however lead to “day” in relation to
liquidated damages having a different meaning from “day” in relation to
provision of a payment response within the same contract, whereas consistency
of usage would generally be expected.

25 The letter of award contained various other references to periods of time:
“1 week” for mobilisation under paragraph 4, “14 days” for provision of a
performance bond under paragraph 5, “fourteen (14) days” for submission of a
programme of works under paragraph 6, and “twelve (12) months” for the defects
liability period under paragraph 9. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Law’s affidavit, pp 15-16

Did all these periods of time include public holidays (as with the Contract
Period, and any period for which liquidated damages might be imposed)? Or did
they exclude public holidays in line with the SOPA definition of “day”? Or did
the answer to this vary from provision to provision in the same contract, as
the defendant seemed to suggest?

26 The same questions may be asked about the various periods of time
stipulated in the SIA Conditions, on which the parties contracted. The learned
adjudicator in ATY ([14] supra) referred to various such periods of time at
[63] of his decision: “28 days” under clause 23(2) for the Contractor to give
notice as a precursor to seeking an extension of time, “14 days” under clause
1(1) for written confirmation of the Architect’s verbal directions or
instructions, “7 days” under clause 1(7) for the Contractor to comply with a
written notice from the Architect, “14 days” before scheduled commencement of
work for the Contractor to submit a programme under clause 4(1), etc.

27 The learned adjudicator in ATY ([14] supra) went on to say at [64]–[65]
that “[i]t cannot be that the drafters of the SIA Conditions intended the term
“day” in one clause to have a different meaning when used in another clause
within the same contract”; and that “[i]t can only lead to confusion and
ambiguity if such a “pick and choose” approach were adopted”.

28 The issue in the present case concerns clause 31(15)(a) of the SIA
Conditions, but other subclauses of the same clause 31 also use the word “day”
(or “days”).

29 Clause 31(2)(b) of the SIA Conditions reads:

If the time for the submission of any payment claim under the preceding
paragraph falls due on a day which is Saturday, Sunday, Statutory or Public
Holiday the Contractor shall submit the payment claim either on the day before
or next following that date which itself is not a Saturday, Sunday, Statutory
or Public Holiday. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Law’s affidavit, p 59.

30 If “day” in the SIA Conditions excluded public holidays (in line with the
SOPA definition), then the time for submission of any payment claim under
clause 31(2) of the SIA Conditions could never fall due “on a day which is [a]
… Public Holiday” since such a day would, by definition, have been excluded,
and the reference to public holidays in clause 31(2)(b) would thus be
meaningless. Clause 31(2)(b) of the SIA Conditions was premised on “day” in
clause 31(2)(a) including public holidays, and so it made specific provision
for instances where the day on which a payment claim was to be submitted was a
public holiday.

31 If a payment claim were due on a Saturday, Sunday, or statutory or public
holiday, clause 31(2)(b) gave the Contractor the leeway of submitting the
payment claim on the next day which was not itself a Saturday, Sunday, or
statutory or public holiday. There is, however, no equivalent of clause
31(2)(b) in relation to clause 31(3) which requires the Architect to issue an
Interim Certificate within 14 days after receipt of the interim payment claim,
or clause 31(15) which requires the Employer to respond to the interim payment
claim within 21 days after the interim payment claim is served. Thus, if the
Architect’s Interim Certificate, or the Employer’s payment response, fell due
on a Saturday, Sunday, or statutory or public holiday, the Architect and the
Employer could not point to anything like clause 31(2)(b) to justify a later
response.

32 If, from the language of clause 31(2)(b), “day” in clause 31(2) includes
public holidays (see [29]–[30] above), that points to “day” in clauses 31(3)
and 31(15) likewise including public holidays. Generally, the same term should
bear the same meaning wherever it is used in the same contract, and especially
in the same clause (here, clause 31).

“Day” in the case law

33 As against the adjudication decisions in AFR ([16] supra) and ATY ([14]
supra), which involved the SIA Conditions, the defendant relied on the High
Court decisions in Fujitec Singapore Corp Ltd v GS Engineering & Construction
Corp [2016] 1 SLR 1307 (“Fujitec”) and Foges ([12] supra), both of which
however did not involve the SIA Conditions.

34 In Fujitec, the court held that the term “calendar day” in the contract
included public holidays, and did not mean the same as “day” in the SOPA.
However, the judge commented at [10] that if the word used in that contract
had been “day”, he would have had little hesitation interpreting “day” the
same way it was defined in the SOPA. I pause to observe that from the judgment
in Fujitec, there is no suggestion that the contract there had expressly
adopted only certain SOPA definitions, unlike the Contract in the present
case.

35 In Foges ([12] supra), the court held that “day” in the subcontract there
should be interpreted in line with the SOPA definition of “day”. The judge
accepted that the parties had not expressly agreed that the statutory
definition should apply to the word “day” in that contract, but held (at
[100]) that “[w]hen parties contract with the provisions of a statute in mind,
and when the terms of those statutory provisions are defined by that statute,
then generally, if the contract uses the same terms, the terms should be
interpreted in accordance with the statutory definitions, unless the context
yields a different interpretation”.

36 What readily distinguishes Foges from the instant case is that the contract
in the former had stated that “the relevant provisions of the SOPA shall apply
to this Sub-Contract in respect of payment claim(s), payment response(s) and
the date(s) on which progress payment(s) become(s) due and payable” [emphasis
added] – the court held that the SOPA definition of “day” was fundamental to
the provisions of the SOPA relevant to payment claims and payment responses,
and the parties had expressly acknowledged that those provisions would apply
(see [93] and [101] of the judgment). The contract in Foges was therefore
worded very differently from the Contract in this case; article 9 of the SIA
Conditions was more limited in only providing for “payment claim” and “payment
response” to “have the same meaning and effect” as those words in the SOPA and
the regulations thereunder.

37 Ultimately, the particular contract in each case stands to be construed.

“Day” in the Contract

38 In my opinion, the drafters of the SIA Conditions chose not to incorporate
the SOPA definition of “day”, while incorporating the SOPA definitions of
“payment claim” and “payment response” (see [13]–[17] above).

39 Moreover, the parties agreed on a Contract Period of six calendar months
that expressly included public holidays (see [21] above). It was also common
ground that “day” in relation to liquidated damages included public holidays
(see [22]–[23] above). These points further support an interpretation of “day”
in the Contract as including public holidays.

40 Various other periods of time are provided for in the Contract, both in the
letter of award and the SIA Conditions. A consistent treatment of them all (in
terms of whether public holidays are included or excluded) would avoid
confusion and ambiguity, and be preferable (see [25]–[32] above).

41 In particular, clause 31(2)(b) of the SIA Conditions is based on the
concept of a “day” including public holidays, and cannot sit with the SOPA
definition of “day” as excluding public holidays (see [28]–[32] above). I
would avoid interpreting “day” in clause 31(2) in relation to the Contractor,
differently than in clause 31(3) in relation to the Architect, or in clause
31(15) in relation to the Employer.

42 For the above reasons, I find that “day” in clause 31(15)(a) of the SIA
Conditions, and in the Contract (which incorporates the SIA Conditions),
includes public holidays. In that regard, it is different from “day” as
defined in the SOPA, which excludes public holidays.

43 Section 11(1)(a) of the SOPA expressly allows the parties to contractually
agree on a more stringent deadline for the provision of a payment response
than the long stop period under the SOPA (21 days excluding public holidays).
That is what the parties did here. From the perspective of a Contractor
wishing to get paid quickly, an interpretation of “day” in the SIA Conditions
as including public holidays favours the Contractor: the Architect would then
have a strict 14-day period to issue an Interim Certificate, and the Employer
a strict 21-day period to provide a payment response. It was ironic that the
Contractor (ie, defendant) in the present case argued that the Employer (ie,
plaintiff) had more time for its payment response on account of public
holidays, so as to save itself from the consequences of having made a late AA.

Conclusion

44 I find that the AA was made late, and consequently I set aside the AD. As
the plaintiff succeeded in its application, I awarded costs to the plaintiff.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner

Tan Jin Yong and Yang Yung Chong (Lee & Lee) for the plaintiff;

Ong Lian Min David and Barnabas Cho Jen Wei (David Ong & Co) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

