Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 155

Originating Summons No 1446 of 2018 (Summonses Nos 2628 and 2629 of 2020)

Between

| Lin Jianwei  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Tung Yu-Lien Margaret  
---|---  
(2)| Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

ex tempore judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Stay of proceedings]

[Civil Procedure] — [Originating processes]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lin Jianwei

  
v

  

Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and another

[2020] SGHC 155

High Court — Originating Summons No 1446 of 2018 (Summonses Nos 2628 and 2629
of 2020)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
23 July 2020

23 July 2020

Tan Siong Thye J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No 1446 of 2018 (“OS 1446”) revolves around the issue of
the validity of certain Extraordinary General Meetings (“EGMs”), board of
directors’ meetings, and related notices issued in relation to the second
defendant. The plaintiff, Lin Jianwei, and the first defendant, Tung Yu-Lien
Margaret, are the only two shareholders and directors of the second defendant,
Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd. The plaintiff is also the second defendant’s
majority shareholder and executive chairman. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, dated 20 July 2020 (“PWS”), at para 1;
Plaintiff’s Bundle of Relevant Cause Papers (OS 1446) (“PBRCP(OS)”), Vol 2,
Tab 69.

2 On 1 July 2020, the plaintiff filed two summonses, namely, Summons No 2628
of 2020 and Summons No 2629 of 2020 (“SUM 2628" and “SUM 2629” respectively),
seeking a stay of the OS 1446 proceedings and alternatively, the conversion of
OS 1446 from an originating summons action to a writ action. I now set out my
decision on these summonses.

Brief facts

3 There are two sets of related proceedings that are relevant here. The first
proceeding is Suit No 1048 of 2018 (“Suit 1048”), which was commenced on 19
October 2018 by the first defendant and her daughter against the plaintiff and
several other parties. The first defendant’s claim in Suit 1048 concerns,
inter alia, the repayment of debts allegedly owed by the plaintiff in OS 1446
to the first defendant and her daughter. The plaintiff counterclaims in Suit
1048 for, inter alia, repayment of debts allegedly owed by the first defendant
to the plaintiff. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PWS, at paras 12–13; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Relevant Cause Papers (Suit 1048),
Vol 1, Tabs 1 and 3.

4 The second proceeding is the matter at hand, OS 1446. OS 1446 was commenced
on 23 November 2018 by the plaintiff against the first and second defendants
to validate the various EGMs for the appointment of Mr Poon Hon Thang Samuel
(“Mr Poon”) as a director of the second defendant. The first defendant, on the
other hand, counterclaims for a declaration that several notices of EGMs, the
decisions taken at the EGMs, several notices of the board of directors’
meetings, and the decisions taken at the board of directors’ meetings (“the
impugned notices and resolutions”) are invalid and of no effect. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PWS, at para 14; Second Defendant’s Written Submissions, dated 17 July 2020
(“2DWS”), at paras 1–2.

One area of dispute between the parties in OS 1446 revolves around the
circumstances surrounding the first defendant’s declaration of an interim
dividend of $11m and her withdrawal of $4m through eight cheques from the
second defendant in 2016 (“the 2016 dividend and cheques”).

5 On 8 August 2019, I granted the first defendant’s application for the
plaintiff to be cross-examined at the hearing of Summons No 3213 of 2019 in OS
1446 (“SUM 3213”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PWS, at para 16; HC/ORC 5856/2019.

Although the plaintiff initially applied for leave to appeal against this
decision, he later withdrew his application. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First Defendant’s Written Submissions, dated 17 July 2020 (“1DWS”), at para 9;
Tung Yu-Lien Margaret’s 11th affidavit dated 13 July 2020 for SUM 2628 (“MT’s
11th affidavit”), at para 71.

On 14 October 2019, the plaintiff indicated that he would not be presenting
himself for cross-examination. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

2DWS, at para 62; MT’s 11th affidavit, at pp 137 and 139.

The plaintiff did not apply for the first defendant or her witnesses to be
cross-examined. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2DWS, at para 67.

6 On 4 October 2019, the plaintiff was granted leave to discontinue his claim
in OS 1446. Nevertheless, the first defendant’s counterclaim remained. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2DWS, at paras 3 and 5; HC/ORC 6821/2019.

This counterclaim was fixed for hearing on 23 July 2020 and 24 July 2020.

7 However, on 1 July 2020, the plaintiff applied for a stay of proceedings or
an adjournment of the hearing of OS 1446 until after the determination of Suit
1048 (“the Stay Application”). Alternatively, the plaintiff sought the
conversion of OS 1446 from an originating summons action to a writ action
(“the Conversion Application").

8 Prior to this, on 6 June 2020, the plaintiff had applied for leave to amend
his pleadings in Suit 1048 to expand on the disputed issues of fact in OS
1446, including the circumstances surrounding the 2016 dividend and cheques.
The pleadings in Suit 1048 had already dealt with these disputed issues of
fact in OS 1446. This application was allowed on 7 July 2020 and the plaintiff
filed his amended pleadings the next day, on 8 July 2020. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

HC/SUM 2248/2020; Defence and Counterclaim of the 1st Defendant (Amendment No
2) in HC/S 1048/2018, dated 8 July 2020.

The first and second defendants submit, inter alia, that the Stay Application
and the Conversion Application are not bona fide; rather, they are attempts by
the plaintiff to frustrate his cross-examination and avoid the consequences of
his decision not to submit to cross-examination. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1DWS, at paras 16, 19, 27; 2DWS, at para 25.

My decision

The issues

9 The issues that arise for my determination are as follows:

(a) Whether the proceedings in OS 1446 should be stayed in the interest of
case management, or the same adjourned, pending the resolution of Suit 1048.

(b) In the alternative, whether OS 1446 should be converted from an
originating summons action to a writ action.

Whether a stay should be ordered

10 The principles relating to the grant of a case management stay are well-
settled. In BNP Paribas Wealth Management v Jacob Agam and another [2017] 3
SLR 27 (“BNP Paribas”) at [34]–[35], the court made the following observations
on the factors relevant to the exercise of its discretion whether to order a
stay:

34 … These cases have expanded on Chan Chin Cheung by approving the following
factors … as relevant … :

(a) which proceeding was commenced first;

(b) whether the termination of one proceeding is likely to have a material
effect on the other;

(c) the public interest;

(d) the undesirability of two courts competing to see which of them determines
common facts first;

(e) consideration of circumstances relating to witnesses;

(f) whether work done on pleadings, particulars, discovery, interrogatories
and preparation might be wasted;

(g) the undesirability of substantial waste of time and effort if it becomes a
common practice to bring actions in two courts involving substantially the
same issues;

(h) how far advanced the proceedings are in each court;

(i) the law should strive against permitting multiplicity of proceedings in
relation to similar issues; and

(j) generally balancing the advantages and disadvantages to each party.

35 The above list of factors is not exhaustive. Ultimately, the grant of a
limited stay of proceedings is a discretionary exercise of the court’s case
management powers … in exercising these powers, the court is entitled to
consider all the circumstances of the case. The underlying concern is the need
to ensure the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute as a whole.

[emphasis added]

11 In light of the above, and having heard the parties’ submissions, I am of
the view that the Stay Application should be granted. The justice of the case
requires that the diametrical versions of the critical events put forward by
the plaintiff and the first defendant in OS 1446 go through the trial process
in order to ascertain, on a balance of probabilities, the truth of the matter.

12 I shall now deal with the first and second defendants’ submissions that the
reasons given by the plaintiff for the Stay Application are the result of his
own doing. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2DWS, at para 45.

It is a fact that the plaintiff did not apply to cross-examine the first
defendant and her witnesses. He also refused to present himself for cross-
examination. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1DWS, at paras 51 and 57; 2DWS, at paras 46 and 67.

Neither did he seek specific discovery nor admit the evidence of other
witnesses that would assist his case. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1DWS, at para 54; 2DWS, at paras 47 and 66.

However, I disagree with the first and second defendants that the overlap in
issues between OS 1446 and Suit 1048 was “engineered” by the plaintiff’s
belated amendments to his pleadings in Suit 1048. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1DWS, at paras 45 and 47; 2DWS, at para 19.

By that time, the 2016 dividend and cheques were already in issue in Suit
1048. In fact, as the first defendant’s counsel observed in oral submissions
before me, the 2016 dividend and cheques were an integral part of Suit 1048.
The first defendant’s claim in Suit 1048 for monies allegedly owed to her by
the plaintiff forms the basis for her assertion that she was entitled to
withdraw $4m from the second defendant via the eight cheques. Furthermore, the
amount claimed by the first defendant in Suit 1048 was derived after setting
off the amounts she had declared under the dividends.

13 More importantly, in determining whether it is fair and efficient to order
a stay of proceedings, the court must consider all the circumstances of the
case. This entails taking a broader view of the situation in order to evaluate
the justice of the case as a whole. Taking this approach, I find that the
justice of the case lies in staying the proceedings for the following reasons.

14 First, the starting point is whether there is a multiplicity of
proceedings. This is the “trigger” for the court’s discretion to grant a case
management stay (see BNP Paribas ([10] supra) at [35]). Here, it is clear that
there are overlapping issues in OS 1446 and Suit 1048. Although the first
defendant asserts that OS 1446 concerns the validity of various meetings
whereas Suit 1048 involves the repayment of debts, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1DWS, at paras 35–36.

the underlying disputed issues of fact are similar, in particular, the
circumstances surrounding the 2016 dividend and cheques. While the second
defendant contends that there is no risk of conflicting judgments due to res
judicata and estoppel, the fact remains that these are issues that are common
to both proceedings. The question, therefore, is which proceeding is more
appropriate to determine these disputed issues of fact. As I shall elaborate
below, the robustness and thoroughness of the trial process in the evaluation
of the evidence in Suit 1048 is superior to relying solely on affidavit
evidence in OS 1446.

15 Secondly, I am cognizant of the fact that the overlapping issues involve
serious allegations of misconduct, fraud, dishonesty, forgery and the alleged
making of a false police report by the plaintiff. If these allegations are
found to be proven, there could be serious repercussions for the parties
involved. Furthermore, the parties have put forward two diametrically
different versions of the events. As such, it is important that these issues
be properly ventilated and the parties’ positions tested against the evidence.
Yet, to proceed with the hearing of OS 1446 would mean that the court will
have to determine these issues without the benefit of cross-examination, the
litmus test of the truth, and based on the untested affidavit evidence of the
first defendant and her witnesses. In my view, it is unwise and unsafe to
embark on such a quick and summary process. In contrast, the parties will have
access to much more evidence and will be able to cross-examine all the
witnesses as of right in Suit 1048. Given that the same allegations regarding
the 2016 dividend and cheques will also be dealt with extensively in Suit
1048, it is more appropriate, just and expedient for these issues to be
determined there.

16 Thirdly, the grant of the Stay Application will not unduly prejudice the
first and second defendants. The first defendant can still cross-examine the
plaintiff in the trial of Suit 1048 and make her case there. Furthermore, I
disagree with the first defendant’s submissions that she will be “irreparably
prejudiced by a stay as the issues in the counterclaim will remain hanging for
years”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1DWS, at paras 40–41.

The trial of Suit 1048 is fixed for hearing on 14 January 2021, which is in a
few months’ time from now. Furthermore, although there will be some delay to
the resolution of OS 1446 pending the determination of Suit 1048, this will
have minimal practical effect given that the director, namely, Mr Poon, sought
to be appointed via the EGMs and the board of directors’ meetings has already
tendered his resignation. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PWS, at para 18; PBRCP(OS) Vol 3, Tab 75.

Furthermore, the plaintiff has withdrawn his claim in OS 1446 and there is an
existing court order that the plaintiff will not reinstitute the same action
in future. The first defendant’s concern that the impugned notices and
resolutions will be treated as valid during the period of the stay can be
addressed by an order that such validity is suspended pending the
determination of Suit 1048, until the counterclaim in OS 1446 is heard. In any
case, it is highly undesirable for the court to determine the serious disputed
issues based on insufficient and untested evidence albeit it may be due to the
plaintiff’s unwillingness to be cross-examined.

17 The second defendant submits that it is prejudiced if the stay is granted
as it is not a party to Suit 1048. In OS 1446 the protagonists are the
plaintiff and the first defendant. The second defendant is a party to OS 1446
as the case also concerns the proper function and the legal propriety of the
board of directors and the EGMs. In Suit 1048 the dramatis personae are the
plaintiff and the first defendant in OS 1446, and the second defendant is not
a party to Suit 1048 as the disputes do not involve the second defendant.
However, the outcome and findings in Suit 1048 will resolve the disputed
issues of fact in OS 1446, in particular, the circumstances surrounding the
2016 dividend and cheques. Nevertheless, the second defendant will still have
the opportunity to make its case, if any, in OS 1446 upon the conclusion of
Suit 1048. Hence, the interests of the second defendant in OS 1446 are also
not compromised.

18 For the above reasons, I find that it is both fair and efficient as regards
the resolution of the dispute to stay the proceedings in OS 1446, pending the
court’s determination of Suit 1048. This is on the condition that the validity
of the impugned notices and resolutions is suspended.

Whether OS 1446 should be converted to a writ action

19 Since the Conversion Application is an alternative application, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PWS, at para 6.

there is no need for me to grant it in light of the fact that I have allowed
the Stay Application. Nevertheless, I do not think it would be appropriate to
allow the Conversion Application, as it would only replicate what is already
in progress in Suit 1048 and result in unnecessary duplication and further
multiplicity of proceedings. Moreover, once the disputed issues of fact have
been determined in Suit 1048, it will not be necessary to determine them in OS
1446.

Summary of findings

20 In summary, having considered all the circumstances, I find that it is fair
and efficient to stay the proceedings of OS 1446 pending the determination of
Suit 1048 notwithstanding that this application was literally made at the door
step of the hearing of OS 1446. Not only are there overlapping issues in these
two proceedings, such overlapping issues include egregious allegations of
misconduct potentially amounting to fraud, dishonesty and/or forgery as well
as the allegation that the plaintiff had made a false police report. It is
more appropriate for such alleged shenanigans to be fully ventilated at the
trial of Suit 1048, where more comprehensive evidence will be disclosed,
thoroughly tested and the witnesses acutely cross-examined. Further, the stay
will not unduly prejudice the first defendant as the plaintiff has withdrawn
his claim in OS 1446 and there is an order that the plaintiff will not
reinstitute the same action in future. This is the outcome that the first
defendant seeks to achieve in her counterclaim in OS 1446. I further order
that the validity of the impugned notices and resolutions is to be suspended
during the period for which OS 1446 is stayed.

21 I do not think it is appropriate to grant the Conversion Application as it
would result in a multiplicity of proceedings vis-à-vis Suit 1048. Further,
since I have granted the Stay Application, there is no need for me to grant
the Conversion Application.

Conclusion

22 Ultimately, the court’s primary duty is not to tick the boxes but to ensure
that it is fair and just to the plaintiff and the first and second defendants.
The actions and inactions of the plaintiff may appear to be contrived to avoid
being cross-examined by the first defendant’s counsel. I am also cognizant of
the fact that this decision may appear to put the first defendant at a
tactical disadvantage as it deprives her of the benefits of the plaintiff’s
failure to be cross-examined and thus, his inability to rely on his affidavit
in OS 1446. However, the allegations made by the plaintiff and the first
defendant are extremely serious and the justice of the case warrants that the
trial process is necessary to sieve out the truth of their allegations. I have
mentioned at the hearing of SUM 3213, when I granted the first defendant’s
application to cross-examine the plaintiff, that it is extremely difficult for
the court to discern the truth from the affidavit evidence. It is unfortunate
that the plaintiff had not applied to cross-examine the first defendant in OS
1446. Therefore, Suit 1048 will be the best forum to serve the ends of justice
and for the truth to be precipitated. For these reasons, I grant SUM 2628 and
dismiss SUM 2629. The first defendant’s counterclaim in OS 1446 is stayed
pending the outcome of Suit 1048, on the condition that the validity of the
impugned notices and resolutions is suspended for the duration of the stay.

23 I shall now hear parties on the issue of costs.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Eng Zixuan Edmund, Tham Wei Chern, Danica Gan  
Fang Ling and Yang Yuanhong Bernard  
(Fullerton Law Chambers LLC) for the plaintiff;

Davinder Singh s/o Amar Singh SC, Tan Siew Wei Cheryl, Pardeep Singh Khosa,
Tan Mao Lin, Darveenia Rajula Rajah and Vanessa Poo Jill (Davinder Singh
Chambers LLC) for the first defendant;

Benny Jude Philomen and Mary-Anne Shu-Hui Chua (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for
the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

