Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 148

Originating Summonses Nos 73–78 and 431 of 2020

In the matter of Section 211B of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Section 211E of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)

(1)| Design Studio Group Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant in OS 73/2020

(2)| Design Studio Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant in OS 74/2020

(3)| DSG Manufacturing Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant in OS 75/2020

(4)| DSG Asia Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant in OS 76/2020

(5)| DSG Projects Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant in OS 77/2020 and 431/2020

(6)| Design Studio (China) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant in OS 78/2020

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Insolvency Law] — [Super-priority financing] — [Roll-up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Design Studio Group Ltd and other matters

  

  

[2020] SGHC 148

High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 73–78 and 431 of 2020 and Summonses Nos
1867 and 1911 of 2020  
Aedit Abdullah J  
19 February, 28 May 2020

23 July 2020

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 These brief grounds of decision explain my decision to allow an application
to grant super-priority to a debt arising from rescue financing under s 211E
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”). The application
was not opposed, but I am of the view that issuing these grounds may assist
counsel and parties in similar cases in future, at least to indicate possible
lines of reasoning. I will also touch briefly on related applications for
sealing orders.

Background

2 The first applicant, Design Studio Group Ltd, is the holding company of the
second to sixth applicants (collectively the “DSG Group”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Luke Furler’s affidavit dated 20 January 2020 (“LFA 20012020”) at para 7 and
Annex 2

The DSG Group is collectively involved in the construction, upgrading, and
interior fit-out industries. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

LFA 20012020 at para 7

The six applicants had previously filed HC/OS 73/2020–78/2020 and obtained
moratoriums pursuant to s 211B of the Companies Act. They sought extensions of
these moratoriums in the present case (via HC/SUM 1770/2020–1773/2020,
1775/2020 and 1776/2020). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Certified Minutes dated 28 May 2020 (“Certified Minutes”) at pp 1 to 2

Only one creditor objected, while 49 creditors supported the extension. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Certified Minutes at p 2

Having considered what was before me, I was satisfied that the moratoriums
previously granted should be extended, though for a shorter period of four
months rather than the six months sought. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Certified Minutes at p 5

The issue concerning the moratoriums will not be further discussed herein.

3 The primary focus of these grounds of decision is the fifth applicant’s
application under HC/OS 431/2020 for super-priority to be given to the debt
arising from rescue financing to be provided by the DSG Group’s sole secured
lender, Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (“HSBC”), and the first
applicant’s major shareholder, Depa United Group PJSC (“DEPA”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

HC/OS 431/2020; Certified Minutes at p 5; Fifth applicant’s submissions in
HC/OS 431/2020 dated 26 May 2020 (“5AS”) at Glossary

The application was originally made only under s 211E(1)(b) of the Companies
Act, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

HC/OS 431/2020

which would grant the rescue financing debt priority over all unsecured debts,
and preferential debts specified in ss 328(1)(a) to (g) of the Companies Act.
However, at the hearing, the applicants sought leave to seek, as an
alternative, an order under s 211E(1)(a) of the Companies Act, which provided
for the rescue financing debt to be treated as part of the costs and expenses
of winding up, should the company be wound up; 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Certified Minutes at p 5

I granted leave for this alternative application. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Certified Minutes at p 5

4 The fifth applicant and HSBC also applied under HC/SUM 1867/2020 and HC/SUM
1911/2020 for sealing orders pertaining to certain documents, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HC/SUM 1911/2020; HC/SUM 1867/2020

which will be discussed further below.

The fifth applicant’s arguments

5 The fifth applicant argued that the requirements under ss 211E(1)(a) and/or
211E(1)(b) of the Companies Act were met, and that the court should grant
super-priority to the debt arising from the proposed financing. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

5AS

6 First, the intended financing fell under the definition of “rescue
financing” under s 211E(9) of the Companies Act, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

5AS at para 4(a)

as it was necessary for the survival of the fifth applicant and the DSG Group
as going concerns; it would allow the restructuring process to continue, by
injecting urgently needed funds. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

5AS at paras 4(a), 8 to 14

7 Although the financing would be a “roll-up”, this did not disqualify it from
being considered as rescue financing. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

5AS at para 19

A roll-up refers to the practice of using newly input post-petition finances
to pay off existing pre-petition debt, such that the pre-petition debt is
effectively paid off and “rolled up” into the super-priority post-petition
debt. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

5AS at para 15

The US courts in numerous cases have approved rescue financing loans
containing roll-ups, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

5AS at para 15

such as in In re Lyondell Chemical Company, et al 402 BR 596 (Bankr, SDNY,
2009) (“Lyondell”). The fifth applicant noted that there were objections in
the US to roll-ups, but distinguished them, as the objections were due to a
US-specific statutory priority scheme which applies to reorganisation (or
restructuring) proceedings under US law, and would not apply in Singapore as
Singapore’s statutory scheme of creditor priorities only applies in the
context of a liquidation and not a scheme of arrangement. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

5AS at para 18

8 In addition, roll-ups should not be disqualified from constituting “rescue
financing” as: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

5AS at para 19

s 211E(9) of the Companies Act imposes no such restriction; the statutory
framework for rescue financing is meant to be flexible; and the court in Re
Attilan Group Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 898 (“Attilan”) held that s 211E(9) does not
prohibit a rescue financier from stipulating conditions for the grant of
rescue finance. Endorsement of the roll-up in this case would not amount to
endorsement of all roll-ups as each rescue financing offer has to be
considered on its own facts. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

5AS at para 19

In the present case, the roll-up should not disqualify the loan from
constituting rescue finance as not all of the loan was refinance – part of it
would be fresh working capital. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

5AS at para 19

9 Second, the factors supporting the exercise of the court’s discretion to
grant super-priority, as set out in my previous decision in Attilan, were met.
Reasonable attempts had been made to secure financing from alternative sources
which would not require conferring of super-priority, but these were
unsuccessful. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

5AS at paras 4(b), 20 to 26

There were no alternative financing options or better offers. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

5AS at paras 4(b), 20 to 26

The terms of the proposed rescue financing were fair, reasonable and adequate;
they were negotiated in good faith, at arm’s length, and with the exercise of
sound and reasonable business judgment. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

5AS at paras 4(c), 31 to 37

The rescue financing was in the best interests of the DSG Group and its
creditors. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

5AS at paras 4(c), 28 to 30

HSBC’s arguments

10 HSBC supported the application to grant the debt arising from the rescue
financing super-priority status, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

HSBC’s submissions dated 22 May 2020 (“HS”) at paras 1 and 57

and submitted as follows.

11 First, the proposed financing constitutes rescue financing under s 211E(9)
of the Companies Act. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

HS at para 57

It is necessary for the survival of the fifth applicant as a going concern,
and necessary to achieve a more advantageous realisation of its assets than on
a winding up. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

HS at para 58

12 Although the proposed rescue financing would be a roll-up, such roll-ups
are permitted under s 211E as they can fall within the scope of “rescue
financing” under s 211E(9), and such an interpretation would promote the
policy objectives undergirding the rescue financing regime, which is to
incentivise financial institutions to provide rescue financing to distressed
companies. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

HS at para 48

A restrictive interpretation of “rescue financing” is not needed as super-
priority is discretionary and the court can consider a multitude of factors to
decide whether to grant super-priority to rescue financing. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

HS at para 48

13 In addition, debts from roll-ups have been given super-priority status in
US cases such as Lyondell ([7] supra). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

HS at paras 9 and 14

The factors considered by the court in Lyondell in deciding whether to grant
super-priority to a roll-up debt were similar to those in Attilan ([8] supra).
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

HS at paras 10 to 11

14 Although the present case did not involve cross-collateralisation, it was
pointed out for completeness that US courts have allowed cross-
collateralisation in some limited circumstances. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

HS at para 17

Cross-collateralisation refers to the granting of the debtor’s assets as
collateral for both the new and pre-existing loans. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

HS at para 15

In cross-collateralisation cases, the factors applied to determine if super-
priority should be granted were similar to the factors applied in roll-up
cases. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

HS at para 15

15 Although there were US cases prohibiting cross-collateralisation, the
reasons for the objections were not applicable in Singapore given the
different language of s 211E as compared to the relevant US provision. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

HS at paras 17, 35 to 36

Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code 11 USC (US) was interpreted to allow super-
priority only for post-petition debts, whereas s 211E(1)(b) of the Companies
Act allows super-priority for debts “obtained or to be obtained”, and would
include pre-petition debt. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

HS at paras 35 to 36

Further, US has a statutory priority scheme for reorganisations, whereas
Singapore does not, as the statutory priority provisions in s 328 of the
Companies Act only apply in winding up situations. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

HS at paras 39, 42 to 45

Alternatively, these decisions should not be followed in Singapore. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

HS at para 17

16 Second, the fifth applicant would not have been able to obtain rescue
financing from any party unless super-priority was given. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

HS at para 68

This fulfils the requirement under s 211E(1)(b) of the Companies Act. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

HS at para 68

17 Third, the court should exercise its discretion to grant the super-priority
as: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

HS at para 72

the fifth applicant has been unable to find financing on more favourable terms
from other sources; the proposed financing arrangement was negotiated in good
faith and at arm’s length; the terms were fair, reasonable and adequate in
light of the circumstances; and no creditors have opposed the application.

The Decision

18 I was satisfied that super-priority should be granted to the debt under s
211E(1)(b), for the reasons that follow.

Requirements to grant super-priority

Section 211E

19 Section 211E is titled “Super priority for rescue financing”, and allows
the court to make various orders which have the general effect of giving the
debt arising from rescue financing priority over existing debts. The fifth
applicant applied for super-priority under ss 211E(1)(a) and 211E(1)(b), which
read:

Super priority for rescue financing

211E.—(1) Where a company has made an application under section 210(1) or
211B(1), the Court may, on an application by the company under this
subsection, make one or more of the following orders:

(a) an order that if the company is wound up, the debt arising from any rescue
financing obtained, or to be obtained, by the company is to be treated as if
it were part of the costs and expenses of the winding up mentioned in section
328(1)(a);

(b) an order that if the company is wound up, the debt arising from any rescue
financing obtained, or to be obtained, by the company is to have priority over
all the preferential debts specified in section 328(1)(a) to (g) and all other
unsecured debts, if the company would not have been able to obtain the rescue
financing from any person unless the debt arising from the rescue financing is
given the priority mentioned in this paragraph;

…

20 A s 211E(1)(a) order treats the rescue financing as part of the costs and
expenses of the winding up, whereas a s 211E(1)(b) order gives the rescue
financing priority over unsecured debts and the statutory preferential debts
in insolvency. In the latter case, only secured debt would have priority over
the rescue financing.

Mandatory requirements to grant super-priority

21 The mandatory requirements to grant super-priority under ss 211E(1)(a) or
211E(1)(b) are as follows (see also Attilan ([8] supra) at [53]):

(a) An application must have had been made for a scheme meeting under s
210(1), or a moratorium under s 211B(1) of the Companies Act;

(b) The proposed financing must constitute “rescue financing” under s 211E(9)
of the Companies Act; and

(c) It must be that the company would not have been able to obtain the rescue
financing from any person unless the debt arising from the rescue financing is
given the priority mentioned in the provision (only a requirement under s
211E(1)(b) but not s 211E(1)(a); see Attilan at [61]).

22 These requirements must be fulfilled before the court can determine whether
to exercise its discretion to grant super-priority. The requisite standard of
proof is that the applicant must satisfy the court on a balance of
probabilities that there is a basis for the matters raised in the affidavit to
satisfy the above requirements (Attilan at [57]).

Discretionary requirements to grant super-priority

23 Even if the mandatory requirements are met, the court has discretion to
determine whether to grant super-priority. Although s 211E is silent on the
factors that the court should consider in exercising its discretion (Attilan
at [67]), legislative intent, committee reports and US cases provide some
guidance as to the factors that the court ought to consider in this inquiry. I
had previously enumerated some of these factors in Attilan (at [65] to [67]).
I remain satisfied that these factors are material, but a definitive statement
would have to await a contested hearing.

(1) Parliamentary debates

24 The rescue financing scheme in s 211E of the Companies Act was introduced
in 2017 via s 22 of the Companies (Amendment) Act 2017 (No 15 of 2017). In the
Second Reading of the Companies (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 13/2017) (“Bill”)
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (10 March 2017) vol 94
(“Second Reading”), the Senior Minister of State moving the Bill explained
that the objective of the super-priority scheme is to facilitate rescue
financing, to allow viable companies to be able to restructure. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

HSBC’s Bundle of Authorities dated 22 May 2020 (“HBOA”) at Tab 6, p 41

Mr Edwin Tong, a member of the Insolvency Law Review Committee, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

HBOA at p 43

caveated that super-priority is allowed only in appropriate circumstances, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

HBOA at p 46

that new lending should create new value for the company, and that courts are
called upon to assess the viability of the purpose behind the proposed
financing: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

HBOA at p 46

… the Bill also introduces safeguards which will be scrutinised and policed by
the Courts. It is only allowed in appropriate circumstances and the court must
be satisfied that there is “adequate protection” given to an existing security
interest holder. This, as the Senior Minister of State mentioned, draws
inspiration from the US Chapter 11 model. The rationale for the above
safeguard was that new lending should create new value for the company such
that it is in a position to protect the interests of the security holder,
whether by cash payments or by providing another form of security. In this
way, the Courts are called upon to “assess the viability of the purpose behind
the proposed financing”.

The Bill facilitates rescue financing for distressed companies, whist [sic]
also managing any entailing risks. The US experience in Chapter 11 proceedings
has been that rescue financings are invariably value enhancing and are usually
associated with a higher probability of successful recovery. I hope that, with
these amendments, the same will be seen in Singapore.

25 It can be seen from this that Parliament intended that the courts ensure
that super-priority is only granted in meritorious and appropriate cases. From
the above, it may be gleaned that the court should consider if:

(a) the restructuring is viable and has a good probability of success;

(b) the proposed financing is for a viable purpose and the new lending will be
put to good use;

(c) the new lending would create new value for the company;

(d) there is adequate protection given to existing security interest holders;
and

(e) the risks entailed can be managed.

(2) Committee reports

26 The rescue finance provisions introduced in 2017 were based on
recommendations by the Committee to Strengthen Singapore as an International
centre for Debt Restructuring in its Report of the Committee to Strengthen
Singapore as an International centre for Debt Restructuring (20 April 2016)
(“2016 Restructuring Report”) and by the Insolvency Law Review Committee in
the Report of the Insolvency Law Review Committee (2013) (“2013 ILRC Report”).
These reports provide some guidance on the relevant factors that the court
should consider.

27 The 2013 ILRC Report raised certain concerns about super-priority, at para
69 at pp 110 to 111:

(1) Rescue proceedings often fail to successfully rehabilitate the insolvent
company. However, given their super-priority status, if the new financiers are
fully secured, they may have little incentive to carry out costly screening or
monitoring of the insolvent borrower and may allow over-investment in riskier
(even negative NPV) projects. Consequently, other creditors may end up
suffering even greater losses once the rescue proceedings fail. This harm may
be particularly pronounced in schemes of arrangement, where the management of
the company remains in control of the insolvent company and there are greater
incentives for equity holders of insolvent companies to advocate shifting into
riskier, negative NPV projects.

(2) In times of corporate trouble, it may be difficult for the court to
predict in advance that the proposed rescue funding is likely to aid the body
of creditors rather than prejudice them. In urgent cases, it may also be
difficult to make a commercially informed judgment in the time available.

(3) The expenses involved in a contested court application for approval for
super-priority rescue financing may negate the value of that financing for
many smaller companies.

(4) The claims of other trade or other creditors who continue to deal with the
company will be subordinated to the super-priority claim by the new lenders.
Accordingly, these other creditors may become more wary of entering into post-
commencement dealings with the company.

…

28 Despite these concerns, the 2013 ILRC Report went on to recommend that
super-priority be allowed, but proposed that “the risk of abuse can be
adequately dealt with by recourse to the courts, which are capable of
determining the appropriateness of granting super-priority” (at para 71 on p
112).

29 The 2016 Restructuring Report also noted that there should be “sufficient
safeguards to ensure that existing secured creditors are not unfairly
prejudiced”, and that “the interests of pre-existing secured lenders [must be]
adequately protected” (at p 20). Although these concerns were directed more at
super-priority liens, found in ss 211E(1)(c) and 211E(d) of the Companies Act,
I was of the view that they can be adapted to provide guidance for super-
priority under ss 211E(1)(a) and 211E(1)(b). In addition, the 2016
Restructuring Report noted that “rescue financing often amounts to a small
portion of the total debt and any prejudice caused to existing secured lenders
must be balanced against the possibility that the rescue financing may improve
restructuring prospects substantially” (at p 20).

30 The two reports hence support that the court should consider the following
factors in exercising its discretion (some overlap with those already stated
above at [25]):

(a) the proportion of the new rescue finance to the total debt;

(b) the probability that rescue financing would improve restructuring
prospects;

(c) whether existing creditors will be unfairly prejudiced;

(d) whether the interests of existing creditors are adequately protected; and

(e) how the rescue finances are planned to be used and whether there is a risk
of over-investment in risky projects.

(3) US cases

31 Finally, as I had noted in Attilan ([8] supra) at [50] to [51], US cases
may provide some guidance as to the factors the court should consider in
exercising its discretion, since the rescue financing provisions in the
Companies Act were adapted from the Bankruptcy Code 11 USC (US). At [65] and
[66] of Attilan, I discussed several US cases and distilled the following
factors that the court should consider:

(a) Whether the proposed financing is in the exercise of sound and reasonable
business judgment;

(b) Whether the financing is in the best interests of the creditors;

(c) Whether the terms of the financing agreement are fair, reasonable, and
adequate in light of the circumstances of the debtor and proposed lender;

(d) Whether the financing agreement was negotiated in good faith and at arm’s
length between the debtor, on the one hand, and the agents and the proposed
lender, on the other hand;

(e) Whether there are no better offers, bids, or timely proposals before the
court;

(f) Whether no alternative financing is available on any other basis, and
whether the applicant had shown evidence of reasonable attempts at trying to
obtain financing without resorting to super-priority (Attilan at [61]); and

(g) Whether the financing is necessary to preserve the assets or is necessary
for the continued operation of the business.

32 This had been obiter in Attilan as the application there failed on the sole
ground that the applicant failed to show that reasonable efforts had been made
to obtain financing without super-priority (at [62] and [67]).

(4) Conclusion on the factors to be considered

33 Looking at the factors distilled from the various sources, I found that
they were largely consistent and could be summarised into the following four
main factors:

(a) Creditor’s interests: whether the other creditors will be unfairly
prejudiced from the arrangement, or whether the arrangement will be beneficial
to them. This involves weighing of the risk to creditors against the possible
benefit to them, to determine what would be in their best interests. The court
should also assess whether creditors are adequately protected, and whether the
risks entailed can be managed. The degree of creditor opposition can also be
considered.

(b) Viability of restructuring: whether there is a good probability that the
restructuring will succeed. The court should assess how the rescue finances
are proposed to be used, whether it would create new value for the company,
whether stable returns are expected, or whether they would be used in risky
investments.

(c) Alternative financing: whether better financing proposals are available.
The court should consider if there were better proposals, offers or bids
before the court, in particular, whether there were proposals which would not
require super-priority. The court should also assess if the applicant had made
reasonable efforts to procure such offers. Evidence of such reasonable
attempts can include failed negotiations with other potential lenders;
however, it is not necessary to show that financing was sought from every
possible source.

(d) Terms of proposed financing: whether the terms were reasonable and in the
exercise of sound business judgment. The court should assess the terms and
conditions of the financing to consider if it was made in good faith, was for
a proper purpose, and is fair, reasonable and adequate.

34 It bears emphasis that these factors are not conditions or requirements,
but merely considerations that the court should take into account (Attilan at
[61], [65] to [67]). I also reiterate that as these proceedings were
uncontested, a definitive statement on the non-statutory factors would have to
await a contested hearing (at [23] above).

Issues

35 As mentioned above at [2], the fifth applicant had made an application for
a moratorium under s 211B(1) of the Companies Act, fulfilling the first
requirement. The remaining issues to be determined were:

(a) Whether the proposed financing constitutes “rescue financing” under s
211E(9) of the Companies Act;

(b) Whether it is appropriate for the court to exercise its discretion in
favour of the application; and

(c) Whether the fifth applicant would not have been able to obtain rescue
financing unless super-priority is given (a requirement under s 211E(1)(b)).

Whether the proposed financing constitutes rescue financing

36 Rescue financing for the purposes of s 211E of the Companies Act is defined
in s 211E(9) as such:

… “rescue financing” means any financing that satisfies either or both of the
following conditions:

(a) the financing is necessary for the survival of a company that obtains the
financing, or of the whole or any part of the undertaking of that company, as
a going concern;

(b) the financing is necessary to achieve a more advantageous realisation of
the assets of a company that obtains the financing, than on a winding up of
that company;

…

37 I was satisfied that the proposed financing arrangement constitutes rescue
financing.

38 As stated above at [3], the proposed financing was to be provided by DEPA
and HSBC to the fifth applicant, pursuant to a term sheet that was executed by
DEPA and HSBC on 30 March 2020. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Luke Furler’s affidavit dated 23 April 2020 (“LFA 23042020”) at para 31

The lenders were to finance an aggregate sum of S$62.08 million: S$12.08
million from DEPA and S$50 million from HSBC. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

LFA 23042020 at paras 32.2 to 32.4

Out of this, S$3.7 million would be paid to DEPA for certain existing
liabilities it had provided to the first applicant, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

LFA 23042020 at para 32.7

and S$10.7 million would be to fund repayment of any amounts due to HSBC from
the original HSBC overdraft facility. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

LFA 23042020 at para 32.8

Part of the S$50 million from HSBC would also be used to repay any amounts
owed by the fifth applicant to HSBC. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

LFA 23042020 at para 32.8

An additional S$7.8 million would be used to fund any maturing trade finance
indebtedness of the fifth applicant. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

LFA 23042020 at para 32.8

S$2.7 million would be allocated as fresh working capital to fund the fifth
applicant, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

LFA 23042020 at para 32.7

and S$30.0 million would be allocated to issue and renew performance bonds
and/or guarantees for existing and new construction projects. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

LFA 23042020 at para 32.8

39 I accepted the arguments of the fifth applicant and HSBC that this proposed
financing was necessary for the survival of the fifth applicant as a going
concern. The DSG Group’s expected average monthly burn rate for April and May
2020 was expected to exceed the amount it possessed in its bank accounts by
almost S$800,000. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

HS at para 60; LFA 23042020 at para 18

Fresh capital was needed to fund its business. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

HS at para 60; LFA 23042020 at para 18

There were also bonds worth a total of almost S$6 million which needed to be
renewed in order for DSG Group to continue performing under its project
contracts. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

LFA 23042020 at para 19; HS at para 61

This would be addressed by the proposed financing. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

HS at para 62; LFA 23042020 at para 32.8

The Chief Restructuring Officer of the DSG Group has also opined that if HSBC
did not provide the proposed financing, the DSG Group would most certainly
need to file for liquidation. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

HS at para 64; LFA 23042020 at paras 1 and 32.10

40 Alternatively, I also accepted the arguments of the fifth applicant and
HSBC that the proposed financing was necessary to achieve a more advantageous
realisation of the assets of the fifth applicant than on a winding up. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

HS at para 65

According to the further in-depth liquidation analysis of the DSG Group
conducted by the Chief Restructuring Officer, there was a predicted return of
only between nil and no more than 3.94 cents to the dollar to unsecured
creditors in a liquidation scenario. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Luke Furler’s affidavit dated 21 April 2020 (“LFA 21042020”) at para 25

There would be hefty liquidator’s costs of administering the liquidation,
which was estimated to be around S$1.3 million to S$2.2 million, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

LFA 21042020 at para 26.5

and a long delay of at least two years to finalise the liquidations before
distributions can be made to creditors. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

LFA 21042020 at para 26.5

In contrast, the proposed financing would enable the continued performance of
project contracts and, in a scheme scenario, was estimated to enable unsecured
creditors to receive an interim distribution of up to 8.12 cents to the dollar
by the third quarter of 2020. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

HS at para 66; LFA 21042020 at para 27.1

Overall, creditors were expected to be paid more quickly and to receive more
recovery in a scheme as compared to in a liquidation of the DSG Group. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

LFA 21042020 at para 28

Whether a roll-up arrangement can constitute rescue financing

41 However, since the proposed financing would be a roll-up ([7] above), there
is a question of whether roll-ups are disqualified from constituting rescue
financing under s 211E(9) of the Companies Act, given that the new funds would
be used to pay off pre-existing debt. This requires interpreting s 211E(9) to
determine whether it incorporates a general prohibition against roll-ups, or
whether roll-ups can constitute rescue-financing if they meet the other
requirements in s 211E(9).

42 The plain reading of “rescue financing” in s 211E(9) is sufficiently broad
to encompass roll-ups, as roll-ups constitute a form of financing, and will
fall under the definition in s 211E(9) as long as they are necessary for the
survival of the company as a going concern, or necessary for a more
advantageous realisation of its assets as compared to winding up. No express
mention is made of any prohibition of roll-ups.

43 This finding is also consistent with my earlier finding in Attilan ([8]
supra) that there is nothing in the language of s 211E(9) that prohibits a
rescue financier from stipulating conditions in the grant of its rescue
finance (at [54]), which, in the case of roll-ups, would be the condition that
part of the new finance be used to repay earlier debts.

44 There is no legislative intent to prohibit all roll-ups from constituting
rescue financing. As noted in the speech and debate in the Second Reading, the
purpose of the rescue finance provisions was to facilitate, incentivise and
encourage rescue financing in order to aid ailing companies (see also [24]
above). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

HBOA at pp 41 to 46

Roll-ups similarly achieve the purpose of incentivising rescue financiers to
aid ailing companies by allowing even the rescue financier’s previous debt to
be accorded super-priority. This would hence encourage and facilitate even
more rescue financing and is in line with the legislative intent.

45 Nevertheless, it is also not the legislative intent for all roll-ups to be
regarded as rescue financing. The Senior Minister of State in the Second
Reading defined rescue financing as consisting of new loans and additional
financing (see also Attilan at [77]):

Rescue financing consists of new loans which provides working capital during
the restructuring. Without rescue financing, a viable company may be unable to
restructure, but lenders may be reluctant to provide additional financing to
troubled companies.

Similar remarks were made by Mr Edwin Tong (above at [24]) where he stated
that the new lending should create new value.

46 Hence, not all loans should be regarded as rescue financing, but only loans
which are additional and provide new value. In the case of roll-ups, only
roll-ups which ultimately create some new value for the company should be
regarded as rescue financing. The terms and conditions of each roll-up have to
be scrutinised on a case by case basis. New funds which are almost entirely
used to repay old debts create little new value, and are not roll-ups which
should be regarded as rescue financing. The amount of new funds put in as new
value should not merely be a miniscule or token amount. If this was the case,
it may show a lack of bona fides, justifying a refusal by the court to
exercise its discretion in favour of the application. Instead, the nature of
the incoming financing should be that it provides support for the company in
the restructuring and leads to some benefit for it. The amount of new funds
that must be pumped in cannot be stated with any meaningful precision in the
abstract, but would need to be considered against the circumstances of the
specific case. In essence, there must be real benefit by the provision of the
roll-up financing, and not a mere trifle or something fanciful.

47 This is consistent with my finding in Attilan at [77] that subsequent
financing made pursuant to an existing obligation in an agreement would not
qualify as rescue financing as such prior commitment should be treated simply
as part of the existing debt. However, if the subsequent financing, although
premised on the previous agreement, was optional in nature, then it could
qualify as rescue financing.

48 For completeness, it is also noted that there does not seem to be anything
in the 2016 Restructuring Report or the 2013 ILRC Report which would have
influenced the interpretation of s 211E of the Companies Act concerning roll-
ups.

49 In conclusion, s 211E contains no general prohibition of roll-ups, and
roll-ups can constitute rescue financing, provided that they meet the
requirements of s 211E(9). As such, my findings at [38] to [40] above that the
present proposed financing meets the requirements of s 211E(9) and constitutes
rescue financing remained unaffected even though the proposed financing would
be a roll-up.

Whether the court should exercise its discretion to grant super-priority

50 Aside from the factors that the court should consider in exercising its
discretion to grant super-priority, which have been set out at [33] above,
different or additional factors may also need to be considered when dealing
with a roll-up.

Additional factors to consider in a roll-up

51 As noted, US cases may provide some guidance on this. In the US, roll-ups
have been allowed in some cases such as Lyondell ([7] supra) (see [(a)(ii)]
and [8]), In re Radioshack Corporation, et al 15-10197 (BLS) (Bankr, Delaware,
2015) (see [1.2] and [1.4]), 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

HS at para 14; HBOA at Tab 10, pp 198 to 200

and In re Tronox Incorporated, et al 09-10156 (ALG) (Bankr, SDNY, 2009) (see
[5] and [6]). 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

HS at paras 10 and 14; HBOA at Tab 14, pp 275 to 281

52 While allowed in some instances, roll-ups continue to attract concerns (see
for example, Adam J. Levitin, Business Bankruptcy: Financial Restructuring and
Modern Commercial Markets (Wolters Kluwer, 2nd Ed, 2018) (“Business
Bankruptcy”) at p 406; and Frederick Tung, “Financing Failure: Bankruptcy
Lending, Credit Market Conditions, and the Financial Crisis” 37 Yale J. on Reg
(forthcoming, 2020) at pp 2, 4, 10, 20, etc). One evident concern is that
roll-ups “not only raise the priority of the pre-petition loan, but they raise
it to the highest possible level: paid in full” (Business Bankruptcy at p
406). This effectively allows a pre-existing creditor to have its pre-petition
debt repaid first, and also have its post-petition debt repaid in priority to
other existing creditors, leapfrogging over their backs to get to the front of
the queue for assets upon liquidation, with possibly no or little benefit to
the rest. The unequal treatment of the creditors thus looms large in a roll-up
application.

53 Thus, one factor that the court should especially consider in exercising
its discretion to grant super-priority to roll-ups is the extent to which
other unsecured creditors are likely to benefit or be prejudiced if super-
priority were to be permitted (see also Richard M. Hynes & Steven D. Walt,
“Inequality and Equity in Bankruptcy Reorganization” (2017–2018) vol 66 Kansas
Law Review 875 at pp 884 to 885). 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

HBOA at pp 374 to 375; HS at para 12

54 Although the interest of the creditors is already a factor that has to be
considered in all s 211E(1) applications (see [33] above), in a roll-up,
special note should be given to the interests of the specific creditors who
were previously prioritised equally or above the pre-petition debt, but who
will now be prioritised below or equal to the post-petition debt.

55 The other factors considered by the US courts in a roll-up seem to be
similar to the factors listed at [33] above that would be generally considered
for all s 211E(1) applications, and need no special consideration (see for
example Lyondell ([7] supra) at [5]). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

HS at para 10

56 Finally, as stated above at [14] to [15], HSBC made reference to US cases
on cross-collateralisation, and the factors applied in those cases to guide
the exercise of the court’s discretion. However, as the present case did not
involve cross-collateralisation, it was not necessary for me to consider those
cases. Whether cross-collateralisation would qualify as rescue financing is a
question left for another day.

Applying the factors to the facts

(1) Alternative financing

57 I was satisfied that reasonable efforts had been undertaken to obtain
financing that was not conditional on super-priority being conferred ([9] and
[16] above).

58 The Chief Restructuring Officer in his affidavit testified that he had
engaged a reputable independent global financial services firm to seek
potential lenders that would be willing to offer financing to the DSG Group.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

LFA 23042020 at para 23

The firm approached a number of their clients, but only five expressed
interest, with high return expectations. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

LFA 23042020 at paras 26 to 28; HS at para 73

In contrast, the present proposed financiers offered much lower interest rates
and fees which no other financiers have been able to match. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

LFA 23042020 at para 32.21

59 In light of this, I was satisfied that there was a bona fide and genuine
attempt at obtaining other funding, and that this attempt was not simply a pro
forma exercise. I therefore found that this factor was satisfied and weighed
in favour of granting super-priority. In addition, since this factor was a
mandatory requirement in the case of s 211E(1)(b) (see [21] and [35] above), I
also found that the statutory requirement was made out.

(2) Terms of proposed financing

60 I found that the terms of the proposed financing were fair, reasonable and
adequate. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

HS at para 76

Although some amount would go to repaying the existing debts, the majority of
the money would constitute new funding which could be used to create new
value. Further, as mentioned above, it had relatively low interest rates and
fees, as compared to the other offers.

61 The difficult current environment, with a dearth of willing financing, as
well as the need for performance guarantees to be given to allow the business
to run, showed that the proposed financing was indeed in the exercise of sound
and reasonable judgment. There was nothing to show that any undue commercial
advantage was being obtained.

62 Although DEPA was the ultimate holding company of the fifth applicant and
HSBC was the sole secured creditor, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

LFA 20012020 at Annex 2

I did not consider that these existing relationships with the lenders stood in
the way of approval being given. There was nothing in the terms that showed
that the other creditors were being taken advantage of, or that the financing
parties were gaining any advantage that was disproportionate or unduly
favourable. Taking all of these factors into account, I was of the view
therefore that there was, in the circumstances, nothing untoward about the
rescue financing.

(3) Viability of restructuring

63 For the same reasons stated at [38] to [39] above, I found that the
proposed financing was viable. The fresh capital and new facilities would
allow the DSG Group to continue work and take up new projects to keep the
group as a going concern. It would also allow a more advantageous realisation
of assets than on a winding up (see [40] above). It may in fact be the only
viable possibility, given that financing had largely dried up because of the
ongoing virus pandemic. The fifth applicant pointed to the fact that Lyondell
([7] supra) was decided in the aftermath of the 2008 sub-prime failures, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

5AS at para 17

which was similar to the present economic climate in the wake of COVID-19.
There was force to these arguments.

(4) Creditors’ interests

64 I did not find that there was any undue harm or prejudice that would be
visited upon the other creditors. HSBC was already the sole secured creditor
of the fifth applicant, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

LFA 23042020 at para 33.4

and the roll-up thus did not serve primarily to allow it to jump ahead of any
of the other creditors.

65 I also found that the proposed financing would be in the creditors’ best
interests. As mentioned at [39] to [40] above, without such continued
operations, the scheme would not be viable, and other creditors would probably
not have much to look forward to except liquidation. There was a possibility
of a nil return to the unsecured creditors in a liquidation scenario. The
proposed financing made the scheme viable and it is estimated that unsecured
creditors could receive an interim distribution by the third quarter of 2020
([40] above).

66 It was also significant that none of the creditors put up any opposition to
the terms of the proposed financing. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

HS at para 79

Conclusion on super-priority

67 As the mandatory statutory requirements were fulfilled, and the non-
statutory factors all pointed in favour of the exercise of discretion, I
granted super-priority in favour of the proposed rescue financing pursuant to
s 211E(1)(b) of the Companies Act. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

HC/ORC 2753/2020

Since this was the primary order sought, there was no need to make an order
for the alternative remedy sought under s 211E(1)(a).

Sealing orders

68 As stated above at [4], sealing orders were sought in respect of certain
documents, in order to protect the identity of the financial services firm,
potential financiers, and their proposed quotations. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

LFA 23042020 at paras 24, 27 to 28

Redacted versions of these documents with the confidential details blacked out
were made available to the other creditors. No opposition was mounted against
the applications for sealing orders. Hence, I granted the sealing orders
sought. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

HC/ORC 2752/2020; HC/ORC 2754/2020

69 There is a need to protect commercially sensitive information in
restructuring, which the courts have to balance against the need for
transparency in court proceedings. The public’s need for access to
restructuring proceedings may be perceived as less pressing than in other
types of cases, such as criminal matters, but restrictions should not be
placed as a matter of course without good justification. Such transparency is
especially important for the creditors as a whole. It should be remembered
that restructuring proceedings are still court processes rather than private
arbitration.

Conclusion

70 For the reasons above, the roll-up was permitted, and sealing orders
granted. Neither application was opposed; it will have to be seen how the law
in this area should develop further.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Chua Sui Tong and Wong Wan Chee (Rev Law LLC)  
for the applicant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

