Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 140

Suit No 26 of 2016

Between

Element Six Technologies Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

IIa Technologies Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Costs] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Element Six Technologies Ltd

  
v

  

IIa Technologies Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 140

High Court — Suit No 26 of 2016  
Valerie Thean J  
30 March 2020

22 July 2020

Valerie Thean J:

1 These grounds of decision deal with costs for Element Six Technologies Ltd v
IIa Technologies Pte Ltd [2020] SGHC 26 (the “Judgment”) in Suit No 26 of 2016
(“S 26/2016”).

Background

2 I highlight here the key facts relevant to the issue of costs. The plaintiff
(“E6”), incorporated in the United Kingdom (“UK”), designs, develops, and
manufactures synthetic diamond products. E6 owns Singapore Patent No 115872
(“SG 872”) and Singapore Patent No 110508 (“SG 508”). The first is a patent
for the manufacture of synthetic diamond using chemical vapour deposition
(“CVD”); the second is a patent to convert a coloured single crystal CVD
diamond to another colour under suitable heat treatment conditions, a process
referred to as annealing. The defendant (“IIa”), a Singapore company, deals in
the manufacture of CVD diamond products and the colour treatment of diamonds.
E6 contended that three Samples (referred to as “Sample 2”, “Sample 3”, and
“Sample 4” respectively, and collectively as the “Samples”) that originated
from IIa infringed SG 872. Samples 2 and 4 were CVD diamond optical
applications, while Sample 3 was a pink CVD diamond gemstone, which E6
contended infringed SG 508 as well. IIa’s response was a threefold denial:
first, it denied that the Samples originated from them; second, even if they
did, the Samples were manufactured using IIa’s confidential process; and
third, it counterclaimed that SG 872 and SG 508 were invalid.

3 In the Judgment, I found that IIa was responsible for manufacturing all
three Samples. On the counterclaim for revocation, I found that SG 872 was
valid while SG 508 was not. IIa’s confidential process did not withstand
scrutiny. E6 was able to show that IIa had used SG 872 to manufacture the
Samples, while the result on SG 508 was not conclusive in view of my finding
as to its anticipation by prior art. Therefore, infringement was made out on
SG 872 while the invalidity of SG 508 functioned as a defence to any
infringement of SG 508.

IIa’s offer to settle

4 I consider IIa’s offer to settle (“OTS”) as a preliminary matter. IIa
contended that O 22A r 9(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”) applied on the basis of the OTS it served on E6 on 3 March 2017. The
material terms of the OTS are as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions on Costs, Annex A.

1\. The Plaintiff discontinues its claim against the Defendant in these
proceedings and the Defendant discontinues its counterclaim against the
Plaintiff in these proceedings.

2\. Each party to bear its own costs in these proceedings up to and including
the date of this Offer to Settle. The Plaintiff is to pay the Defendant costs,
to be agreed or taxed, for the period from the day after the date of this
Offer to Settle onwards.

5 In order for the costs implications under O 22A r 9 of the ROC to follow, a
valid OTS must be an offer to settle that has “some semblance of
reasonableness”: Wyno Marine Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Lim Teck Cheng and
Others [1998] SGHC 340 at [9], and should be “a serious and genuine offer”
which contains “an element which would induce or facilitate settlement”: Man
B&W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd and another v PT Bumi International Tankers and
another appeal [2004] 3 SLR(R) 267 (“Man B&W Diesel”) at [8]. What would
constitute such a serious and genuine offer must depend on the circumstances
and issues of the case: Man B&W Diesel at [10].

6 In my view, IIa’s OTS was not a serious nor genuine offer aimed at
compromise. The substance of the OTS was for E6 to cease its claim entirely,
on the basis that IIa would not pursue its defence and counterclaim to revoke
the patents which E6 was claiming IIa had infringed. Tongue-in-cheek, it
offered a return to the status quo prior to the commencement of the action,
with nothing gained from the litigation. The OTS effectively asked E6 to
capitulate with nothing obtained or achieved. As the Court of Appeal
recognised in Man B&W Diesel at [14], a common feature of the offers to settle
across cases where both local and foreign courts have refused to grant
indemnity costs “is … that in each instance the offeror effectively expected
the other party to capitulate”. IIa would thereafter continue what E6
perceived as its commercial exploitation of E6’s patents, with no cost to
itself and with no compensation to E6 to allow that conduct to continue.

7 Further, even if the OTS was an offer within the bounds of O 22A, in order
for O 22A r 9(3) to apply, the defendant must show that “the plaintiff [has
obtained] judgment not more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle”:
O 22A r 9(3)(b) of the ROC. IIa made two arguments in its attempt to establish
that E6 has not obtained a more favourable judgment.

8 First, IIa argued that if E6 had agreed to the OTS, E6 would have kept both
SG 508 and SG 872 on the register, which was more favourable than the outcome
of S 26/2016 at trial, which was that SG 872 was valid and was enforced while
SG 508 was revoked. However, the purpose of a patent is the protection it
affords. Although SG 508 was revoked, E6 succeeded in relation to SG 872 and
obtained important consequential orders for itself, namely: an injunction, an
order for delivery up and/or destruction of any infringing articles, and an
inquiry into damages or an account of profits. In contrast, if the OTS had
been accepted, both SG 872 and SG 508 would have been effectively
unenforceable against IIa.

9 Second, IIa argued that if E6 had accepted the OTS, it would only have had
to pay IIa’s costs from 3 March 2017 up to the date of acceptance. IIa cited
Chan Sek Keong CJ’s decision in CCM Industrial Pte Ltd v Uniquetech Pte Ltd
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 20 at [41]–[42] for the proposition that the court should take
into account the duration in which the plaintiff could have accepted the OTS
and the benefits that could have accrued in that time. This argument was
misconceived. E6, having substantially succeeded in the suit, was not in
danger of having to pay IIa’s costs. Further, IIa’s argument was rather
circular. Order 22A r 9(3)(b) refers to the situation where a plaintiff
“obtains judgment not more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle”
at a moment in time prior to the issue of costs being determined, since it is
the very issue of costs that O 22A r 9(3) regulates. The “judgment” referred
to in O 22A r 9(3)(b) does not include any decision on costs, since there
would not have been any such “judgment” at the time O 22A r 9(3)(b) is
considered.

10 IIa’s OTS was, therefore, irrelevant to the issue of costs.

Costs of the suit

11 E6 won on all issues save for the validity of SG 508. It relied on the
adopted by the Court of Appeal in Tullio Planeta v Maoro Andrea G [1994] 2
SLR(R) 501 (“Tullio Planeta”) as stated in Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2) [1992] 1
WLR 1207 (“Re Elgindata (No 2)”). I refer to this as the Tullio approach in
these grounds of decision. It therefore argued that it was the overall winner
and was entitled to costs with a 15% discount to reflect the fact that SG 508
was revoked. It further asked for costs on an indemnity basis, because of
IIa’s unreasonable conduct. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions on Costs at para 2.

12 IIa, on the other hand, advocated an issue-based approach. While it asked
for “a single costs order”, premised on its having won the validity argument
on SG 508, it first contended in its written submissions that it should obtain
50% of its costs, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions on Costs at para 35.

then in oral argument contended that costs should be apportioned in equal
parts between E6 and itself, with each side paying 50% of the costs to the
other. At a point, it appeared to suggest, taking the two suggestions into
consideration, that no order on costs should be made at all. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Notes of Argument dated 30 March 2020 at p 10, ln 20–23.

13 I held that E6 should receive costs of the whole action on the standard
basis. My decision may be explained by reference to these issues, which are
related:

(a) whether the issue-based approach or the Tullio approach was applicable in
the present case;

(b) the conduct of IIa, arising out of which E6 asked for indemnity costs, and
that of E6, which was also relevant to the issue of costs; and

(c) the importance of proportionality and reasonableness of the parties’
conduct in the court’s exercise of its discretion on costs.

What is the appropriate approach to apply?

E6’s approach

14 E6 argued that costs should follow the event and, as the overall successful
party in this part of S 26/2016, it should be awarded its costs in the suit so
far. This argument was based on the principles summarised in Re Elgindata (No
2) (and cited in Tullio Planeta at [24]):

… The principles on which costs were to be awarded were (i) that costs were in
the discretion of the court, (ii) that costs should follow the event except
when it appeared to the court that in the circumstances of the case some other
order should be made, (iii) that the general rule did not cease to apply
simply because the successful party raised issues or made allegations that
failed, but that he could be deprived of his costs in whole or in part where
he had caused a significant increase in the length of the proceedings, and
(iv) that where the successful party raised issues or made allegations
improperly or unreasonably the court could not only deprive him of his costs
but could also order him to pay the whole or part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs. The fourth principle implied, moreover, that a successful party who
neither improperly nor unreasonably raised issues or made allegations which
failed ought not to be ordered to pay any part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs … [emphasis added]

15 E6 recognised that it had, however, failed in terms of the validity of SG
508, and conceded that it could be deprived of its costs in relation to that
issue, and it proposed a 15% discount accordingly. This was consistent with
the third principle stated in Re Elgindata (No 2) ([11] supra), that a
successful party “could be deprived of his costs in whole or in part where he
had caused a significant increase in the length of the proceedings”.

16 In Singapore, this approach has been applied in patent cases, where the
successful party was awarded costs of the suit with a discount to reflect the
issues on which it had lost. In Cicada Cube Pte Ltd v National University
Hospital (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 940 (“Cicada”),
the trial judge’s roughly 50% discount to the costs sought by NUH was upheld
by the Court of Appeal, on the basis that (1) NUH had succeeded on its
alternative prayer to be named a joint proprietor of the relevant patent
alongside Cicada and that Dr Sethi be named a joint inventor, but (2) NUH had
only succeeded partially because it did not succeed in (a) having itself named
as sole proprietor, (b) removing Dr Poo and Dr Ratty as inventors, and (c)
having Mr Lim named as a joint inventor: Cicada at [99]–[101]. A similar
approach was taken by the Court of Appeal in Lee Tat Cheng v Maka GPS
Technologies Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 856 at [114] where, notwithstanding that the
respondent had prevailed on the whole at the trial, he was given only a third
of his costs of the trial by the Court of Appeal because significant time and
resources had been spent on an ultimately unsuccessful challenge to the
patent’s validity. In neither of these cases was it suggested that the
starting point should have been to consider each party entitled to the costs
of the issues on which it was successful, and in neither case did the Court of
Appeal consider whether the issues had been raised unnecessarily or
unreasonably before depriving the successful party of part of its costs to
reflect the issues on which it was unsuccessful.

IIa’s issue-based approach

17 IIa, in contrast, approached each patent separately, at least notionally,
in an “issue-based approach”. The crux of the issue-based approach proposed by
IIa is that the court approaches each patent (which it identified as the
“issue” for these purposes) on its own terms, rather than consider who the
overall winner in the case was. On this approach, the “event” in the phrase
“costs follow the event” is defined narrowly to refer to each issue rather
than the overall suit. Hence, on IIa’s argument, as it was successful on SG
508, it was entitled to the costs relating to SG 508, while E6 was entitled to
the costs of SG 872 as the successful party in relation to that patent. IIa
did ask for a single costs order regardless, which I took to mean that this
approach was to be applied notionally and ultimately one costs order was to be
made with the appropriate set-off. This would have resulted in a significantly
different starting point in the analysis on liability for costs.

The different forms of the “issue-based approach”

18 Before proceeding to consider this approach, however, I first clarify the
terminology. The phrase “issue-based approach” is one derived from English
practice on costs. In order to assess IIa’s arguments and to consider the
appropriate approach to adopt in this case, it is necessary to define the
“issue-based approach” with some clarity.

19 First, the “issue-based approach” was used by IIa to refer to an approach
where, instead of considering who has succeeded overall, the judge considers
each issue independently and then considers which party has been successful on
that issue, with the costs implications flowing from each issue separately.
This was the issue-based approach as summarised by Chadwick LJ in Summit
Property Limited v Pitmans (A Firm) [2001] EWCA Civ 2020 (“Summit”) at [27]:

… An issue based approach requires a judge to consider, issue by issue in
relation to those issues to which that approach is to be applied, where the
costs on each distinct or discrete issue should fall. If, in relation to any
issue in the case before it the court considers that it should adopt an issue
based approach to costs, the court must ask itself which party has been
successful on that issue. Then, if the costs are to follow the event on that
issue, the party who has been unsuccessful on that issue must expect to pay
the costs of that issue to the party who has succeeded on that issue. That is
the effect of applying the general principle on an issue by issue based
approach to costs. …

This form of the issue-based approach differs from the Tullio approach in how
it approaches the scope of the “event”. It is in this sense that IIa proposed
using the issue-based approach, to distinguish between SG 872 and SG 508. I
refer to this as the Summit approach.

20 Second, an “issue-based approach” may refer to the approach used by the
English Patents Court in Monsanto Technology LLC v Cargill International SA
(No. 2) [2008] FSR 16 (“Monsanto”) at [7]–[8]. I refer to this as the Monsanto
approach and a fundamental point of distinction with the Summit approach is
that in the Monsanto approach the court still begins by considering who the
successful party overall is, and any issues for which the successful party has
been unsuccessful is assessed in that context. As I will explain (see [25]
onwards), this is the approach now commonly applied in the English Civil
Procedure Rules 1998 (SI 1998 No 3132) (UK) (“CPR”).

The Summit approach

21 I deal first to the Summit approach advocated by IIa. This is not the first
time that the Summit approach has been raised in Singapore. In Khng Thian
Huat, V K Rajah JC (as he then was) preferred to reserve the approach for the
exceptional case, explaining at [21]:

The normal costs order in trial proceedings ought to be on an all-encompassing
basis taking into account the circumstances adverted to in [17] above. The
usual direction is for costs to follow the event. However, in some cases such
as this, there is no clear demarcation as to which party has been successful
on an overall basis. A sterile issue-based approach or a pure time-based
approach might create mathematical partisanship that will not embrace the
entire spectrum of discretionary factors inherent in trial proceedings. The
assessment of costs ought not to be a clinical scientific exercise divorced
from considerations of intuitive fairness. The court almost invariably ought
to “look at all the circumstances of the case including any matters that led
to the litigation”: Ho Kon Kim v Lim Gek Kim Betsy [2001] 3 SLR(R) 253 at
[12]. It would therefore be preferable to deploy such an issue-based approach,
or alternatively a time-based approach, only in unusual cases or on occasions
where the raising of particular issues has “unnecessarily or unreasonably
protracted, or added to the costs or complexity of … proceedings” (see O 59 r
6A of the ROC). [emphasis added]

22 IIa, in advancing this approach, relied on the case of Dometic Australia
Pty Ltd v Houghton Leisure Products Pty Ltd (No 2) [2019] FCA 57 (“Dometic”),
which it cited as an example of the issue-based approach in the Summit sense.
In that case, the plaintiffs had filed a claim of patent infringement while
the defendants counterclaimed on the invalidity of the patent. The court had
held that the plaintiffs had failed to establish infringement and that the
defendants had also failed to prove invalidity: Dometic at [2]. Relevant to
the present proceedings was the approach that White J took in apportioning the
costs, where he considered that approximately 60% of the trial was concerned
with the infringement claim (which the plaintiffs failed on) and approximately
40% of the trial dealt with invalidity (which the defendants failed on). As
such, as a starting point, the plaintiffs should pay 60% of the trial costs to
the defendants, while the defendants should pay 40% of the trial costs to the
plaintiffs. This was netted, giving the defendants 20% of its trial costs to
be paid by the plaintiffs (which was then adjusted on the basis of other
factors to 30%): Dometic at [43].

23 However, Dometic was a case where it was apparently not possible to
identify a “winning” or “losing” party: the plaintiff had failed to establish
its claim of infringement and the defendant had failed to establish its claim
of invalidity. Each side had won and lost something, almost in equal
proportions. Both sides failed in the issues that they had brought for the
court’s consideration. This was not the situation at hand. All the other
patent cases raised by IIa – Schütz (UK) Limited v Werit UK Limited, Protechna
SA [2010] EWHC 1197 (Pat), Novartis AG and CIBA Vision AG v Johnson & Johnson
Medical Limited and Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc [2009] EWHC 2029 (Pat),
Omnipharm Limited v Merial [2012] EWHC 172 (Pat) and Vernacare Ltd v
Environmental Pulp Products Ltd [2012] EWPCC 49 – indicate that the courts
have taken the Monsanto approach. Summit is not paradigmatic of the issue-
based approach; it is better explained, at least in this jurisdiction, as a
specific application that has no relevance where an overall winner may be
identified, which is the situation at hand.

24 Summit, therefore, was of no application to this case.

The Monsanto approach

25 I turn to the Monsanto approach. Colin Birss et al, Terrell on the Law of
Patents (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2020) (“Terrell”) at paras 21-231 and
21-233 summarises the Monsanto approach as follows:

This approach [referring to the issue-based approach] is applied by asking a
series of questions referred to by Pumfrey LJ in Monsanto Technology LLC v
Cargill International SA (No. 2). The questions are first to identify the
overall winner, and secondly to ask if there are suitably circumscribed issues
on which the winner lost. … If there are, then two further questions arise
relating to that issue. Should the winner recover its costs of that issue?
[A]lso, should the winner pay the otherwise unsuccessful party’s costs
incurred in respect of that issue? Then estimates of the costs of particular
issues are made, expressed as a percentage of the receiving party’s overall
costs and the result is often an order that the paying party pays the
receiving party X per cent of the receiving party’s costs.

…

The overall winner is likely (save in the most exceptional circumstances) to
be entitled to payment of all their costs which are not or cannot be allocated
to a particular issue, which Pumfrey LJ in Monsanto referred to as the general
costs of the action. The focus then turns to whether there are suitably
circumscribed issues on which the winner did not succeed. It is in the nature
of patent cases that this is often the case. For those issues the court has to
decide whether to deprive the overall winner of its costs on that issue or to
go further and award them to the overall loser. In and after Monsanto the term
“exceptional” or “suitably exceptional” was used to characterise the test to
be applied to award costs to the overall loser but that is too stringent a
test. The correct test is simply whether it is appropriate to do so in all the
circumstances.

26 As summarised, similar to Re Elgindata (No 2) and accordingly the Tullio
approach, the starting point is that the overall winner is awarded the costs
of issues on which he has won, and costs which cannot be allocated to any
particular issue (termed the “general costs of the action”). The approach then
focuses on whether there are sufficiently circumscribed issues on which the
winner did not succeed, such that the overall winner can be deprived of the
costs of that issue or, even further, that an adverse costs order on that
issue would be appropriate. The key difference between this approach and the
Tullio approach is the threshold for making an adverse costs order against the
overall successful party. Although there were initially indications that the
court had to find a “suitably exceptional” case to do so (see Actavis Limited
v Merck & Co Inc [2007] EWHC 1625 (Pat) at [26]), it was settled in later
cases that such an order would be made simply when “it is appropriate in all
the circumstances of the individual case” [emphasis added]: Hospira UK Limited
v Novartis AG [2013] EWHC 886 (Pat) (“Hospira”) at [4]. This is the approach
used in most of the patent cases cited by IIa.

The rationale for the Tullio and Monsanto approaches

27 The Monsanto approach and the Tullio approach share the same source in Re
Elgindata (No 2) ([11] supra). The premise set by Re Elgindata (No 2), that
costs follow the event, ensures that parties assess the strength of their case
before choosing to bring the action or to defend the action. Dyson J explained
this rationale in R v Lord Chancellor, Ex parte Child Poverty Action Group and
another matter [1999] 1 WLR 347 at 356:

… Where any claim is brought in court, costs have to be incurred on either
side against a background of greater or lesser degrees of risk as to the
ultimate result. If it transpires that the respondent has acted unlawfully, it
is generally right that it should pay the claimant’s costs of establishing
that. If it transpires that the claimant’s claim is ill-founded, it is
generally right that it should pay the respondent’s costs of having to
respond. This general rule promotes discipline within the litigation system,
compelling parties to assess carefully for themselves the strength of any
claim.

28 The rule, also known as the “indemnity principle”, functions at the same
time as a compensatory rule for the winning party, thus enhancing access to
justice: Then Khek Koon and another v Arjun Permanand Samtani and another and
other suits [2014] 1 SLR 245 at [165]. The indemnity principle enhances access
to justice by ensuring that successful litigants are not put out of pocket by
having to seek recourse through the legal system in order to vindicate or
defend their rights, as the case may be. A litigant with a meritorious cause
may be deterred from participating in litigation if he knows that he will not
be able to recover his legal expenses even if he prevails at the close of the
proceedings.

29 Lord Woolf MR, when reforming the principles relating to costs in the CPR,
which came into effect in 1999, adopted the issue-based approach out of a
concern that the indemnity principle did not always encourage good conduct in
litigation. His Lordship explained in AEI Rediffusion Music Ltd v Phonographic
Performance Ltd [1999] 1 WLR 1507 (“AEI”) at 1523:

… It is now clear that too robust an application of the “follow the event
principle” encourages litigants to increase the costs of litigation, since it
discourages litigants from being selective as to the points they take. If you
recover all your costs as long as you win, you are encouraged to leave no
stone unturned in your effort to do so.

Singapore’s rules, while still premised on the Tullio approach, have also
incorporated issue-based flexibility. In our ROC, provision for a court to
reduce or order costs against a party who has failed to establish any issue
which he has raised in the proceedings is found in O 59 r 6A of the ROC where
a party has “unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted, or added to the costs
or complexity of those proceedings”.

30 As against the pursuit of discipline in litigation by disallowing costs or
making adverse costs orders, a countervailing factor has been recognised both
in Singapore and post-CPR England. This is that even if it is desirable for
parties to scope their arguments appropriately, there is at the same time
fairness and justice in allowing a party to ventilate all reasonable arguments
without fear of adverse costs consequences if the court should later disagree.
Thus, Re Elgindata No 2 ([11] supra) recognises that costs do not cease to
follow the event simply because the successful party did not win on every
point. As the Court of Appeal explained in Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata
Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another
appeal [2009] 4 SLR(R) 155 at [1], “unmerited barriers in the path of
recovering reasonably incurred costs might well have the chilling effect of
deterring parties, in future, from legitimately pursuing or defending their
rights”. In the UK, similarly, even in the context of the CPR, Hale LJ in
Universal Cycles Plc v Grangebriar Limited [2000] CPLR 42 warned that “[the
issue-based] approach can be taken too far as is clear from the leading case
of Re Elgindata (No 2)”, cautioning that it could create a “deterrent effect
on claimants who are in the right overall”. Jacob LJ, too, stated in
Smithkline Beecham plc and Glaxosmithkline UK Ltd v Apotex Europe Ltd and
Others [2005] 2 Costs LR 293 (“Smithkline Beecham”) at [26], after confirming
that the issue-based approach was to be used as far as reasonably possible
after the CPR, that this approach was “not the be-all and end-all. Whether or
not ‘it was reasonable for a party to raise, pursue or contest a particular
allegation’ remains a relevant factor to be taken into account as part of the
conduct of the parties”.

31 The following principles are therefore not controversial. Where costs
follow the event, litigants are encouraged to consider well their chances of
success, and access to justice is enhanced when successful parties are
indemnified. In both the traditional and issue-based approach, good conduct in
litigation is encouraged through the reduction and reversal of costs orders.
The issue-based approach seeks to better incentivise discipline by a greater
granularity in considering the issues in the litigation. In both approaches,
nevertheless, adverse costs orders are tempered with the same regard to
preserve the reasonable pursuit of legitimate claims.

Patent cases

32 Patent cases raise specific concerns. A claim in infringement, for example,
may raise different factual issues depending on the specifics of the defence
of non-infringement and whether there is a counterclaim of patent invalidity.
Further, a device may contain multiple patents, which may require different
sets of experts to establish their novelty and inventiveness. The commercial
value of matters at stake, moreover, may eclipse litigation discipline in the
priorities of litigants and their legal advisors. While the position in the
English courts after 1999 was influenced significantly by the reforms
introduced by the CPR, Terrell ([25] supra) explains at para 21-228, that
apportionment had been a concern of the English Patents Court even prior to
the introduction of the CPR. The learned authors further explain at para
21-229 that in making orders apportioning the costs of an action and
counterclaim, in the exercise of its discretion, “the court had to reconcile
two competing principles, on the one hand, prima facie, the costs of
litigation should follow the event, but on the other hand the costs order
ought to reflect the extent to which costs have been thrown away by one party
raising and pursuing unsuccessful points”.

33 In a similar vein Jacob LJ in Smithkline Beecham stated at [25]:

… Prior to the CPR a party who was successful overall was not normally
deprived of its costs of an issue it took unsuccessfully unless it has done so
unreasonably, see Re Elgindata (No. 2) [1992] 1 WLR 1207. But since the CPR a
more issue-by-issue approach is appropriate, see Summit Property v Pitmans
[2001] EWCA Civ 2020, applied in a patent action, Stena v Irish Ferries [2003]
EWCA Civ 214. Even before the CPR an issue-by-issue approach was, as an
exception to the Elgindata approach, applied in patent actions because of the
“large number of issues and the very extensive costs that can be incurred” per
Aldous LJ in Rediffusion v Singer Link [1993] FSR 369 at 410. [emphasis added
in bold]

34 Reference, in this context, should be made to Rediffusion Simulation Ltd v
Link-Miles Ltd [1993] FSR 369 (“Rediffusion”) at 410, which was mentioned by
Jacob LJ in the quote from Smithkline Beecham ([30] supra) above. Premising
his decision upon Re Elgindata (No 2) ([11] supra), Aldous J acknowledged that
the Re Elgindata (No 2) principles “are in general applicable to patent
actions”, but went on to state that “it is necessary in patent actions to take
into account the large number of issues involved, and the very extensive costs
that can be incurred”. He added therefore, the further principle that “the
costs order in patent actions should, in appropriate cases, reflect the extent
to which significant sums of costs have been thrown away by reason of one
party, albeit successful overall, raising and pursuing unsuccessful points”.

35 In Rediffusion, Aldous J proceeded to consider each of the issues that the
defendant had raised in its claim of invalidity. Of the seven grounds of
invalidity alleged by the defendant, Aldous J refused to grant the
certificates for four of those grounds and one part of another, on the basis
that they were hopeless and unreasonable to pursue, or were not ultimately
pursued (Rediffusion at 412–413). This was pursuant to the rule in the Rules
of the Supreme Court 1965 (SI 1965 No 1776) (UK) as amended (the applicable
rules of civil procedure at the time) that costs in patent trials could only
be recovered for the issues or particulars that were certified by court to
have been proven or reasonable: Rediffusion at 412. Having denied the
defendant some of its costs relating to issues that it had raised that were
not proven or reasonable, Aldous J then considered the submission from the
plaintiff that the court should order the defendant to pay the plaintiff’s
costs on those same issues. Aldous J began by noting (Rediffusion at 413): “It
would be very unusual for a defendant, who succeeded in establishing that a
patent was invalid, to be ordered to pay the plaintiff’s costs on any issue”
[emphasis added]. That being said, Aldous J then concluded that this was an
“unusual case”, in that “the defendant had explored in cross-examination and
evidence many points which were not relevant to [the court’s] decision, and
they were in the main responsible for the very long trial” (Rediffusion at
413). The costs order, therefore, was for the general costs of the action and
counterclaim to be paid by the plaintiff, but the defendant was to pay to the
plaintiff “the costs of the issues of novelty, inutility and false suggestion
and a quarter of the costs relating to the issue of obviousness” (Rediffusion
at 413).

36 Rediffusion shows therefore that the Tullio approach can be applied with
due attention to the particular nature of patent actions with good effect.
Post-CPR, the key distinction between the Tullio and Monsanto approaches is
the threshold for making an adverse costs order against the overall successful
party. Rediffusion, because of its premise of Re Elgindata (No 2), required an
exceptional case before the imposition of an adverse costs order, whereas the
Monsanto approach as elucidated in Hospira ([26] supra) simply requires such
an order to be appropriate in all the circumstances (as highlighted at [26]
above). In so doing, the Tullio approach gives greater certainty to the
overall winner. As the facts explained below show, this point of distinction
in respect of adverse costs orders was not in play in the present case,
because the facts did not suggest the need for an adverse costs order in
respect of SG 508. For present purposes, two points are salient. Re Elgindata
(No 2) is the settled law of this jurisdiction: see Tullio Planeta ([11]
supra) at [24]. Order 59 r 6A of the ROC also allows the reduction of a
party’s costs or even the payment of costs to the other party where an issue
has “unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted, or added to the costs or
complexity” of the proceedings. Concerns as to apportionment between claims
and counterclaims, typically arising in patent claims, may be dealt with
within this framework. In my view, the broad principles of Tullio Planeta as
augmented by O 59 r 6A reflected the appropriate objectives and were
sufficiently flexible to be applied in the present patent case.

The facts of this case

E6’s entitlement as the overall winner

37 Any finding on costs must be necessarily contextual and heavily factual.
Returning to the case at hand, the overall winner of the suit is E6. In Lord
Bingham MR’s words, E6 has won something “of value which [it] could not have
won without fighting the action through to a finish” while IIa has not
“substantially denied [E6] the prize which [E6] fought the action to win”:
Roache v News Group Newspapers Limited and Others [1998] EMLR 161 at 168–169.

38 As the overall winner, E6 would have the general costs of the action and
any specific costs relating to SG 872. These would account for the
overwhelming majority of costs in this case. All three Samples concerned SG
872. The provenance, chain of custody and various infringement issues were
overlapping and multiple witnesses (both factual and expert) testified in
respect of both patents.

39 Therefore, in considering whether to make a costs reduction or an adverse
costs order, the issue concerned only that portion of the costs relating to SG
508 that would be additional. In this case, there was no question of making an
adverse costs order against E6 on SG 508. E6’s pursuit of its claim in court
was legitimate and closely linked to SG 872. The two patents, while distinct,
may be used together and have commercial value when thus used in gemstone
applications. E6’s contention was that Sample 3 was a pink gemstone that was
the product of both patents.

40 On the issue of the costs reduction, E6 proposed a 15% reduction, while IIa
advocated a 50% reduction. IIa’s suggestion was untenable. In terms of trial
dates, both parties agreed in their respective submissions on costs that the
number of days spent on SG 508 was around 3.25 days out of 15 days in the
second set of trial dates. In fact, as highlighted by E6, the validity of SG
508, which was the only issue that IIa had prevailed on, took up only about
1.75 days out of those 3.25 days. Given that the issues canvassed during the
first set of trial dates dealt with the provenance and chain of custody
relating to all the Samples, and were therefore also relevant to SG 872, there
was no need to apportion the dates for that first set of trial dates. Hence,
E6’s proposal for a 15% reduction was a principled one.

41 Nevertheless, there was another set of issues pertinent. Conduct is always
a relevant factor for consideration in making a costs order. In the matter of
conduct, each party accused the other of excess. On that basis, E6 asked, in
addition, for its proportion of costs to be taxed on an indemnity basis. I
turn to consider the parties’ conduct and to explain how this affected the
result.

Principles concerning indemnity costs orders

42 Awarding costs on an indemnity basis is the exception rather than the norm:
Airtrust (Hong Kong) Ltd v PH Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 5 SLR
103 (“Airtrust”) at [17]. In Airtrust at [49], Chan Seng Onn J suggested
indemnity costs may be appropriate where a party’s conduct falls into any of
the following categories:

(a) where the action is brought in bad faith, as a means of oppression or for
other improper purposes;

(b) where the action is speculative, hypothetical or clearly without basis;

(c) where a party’s conduct in the course of proceedings is dishonest, abusive
or improper; and/or

(d) where the action amounts to wasteful or duplicative litigation or is
otherwise an abuse of process.

43 Ultimately, the court must consider that “the party’s conduct was so
unreasonable as to justify an award of indemnity costs. Such conduct must
reflect a high degree of unreasonableness, and cannot merely be wrong or
misguided in hindsight”: Airtrust at [50]. In considering whether indemnity
costs are justified, “it is important for the court to bear in mind the
context and nature of the dispute in ascertaining whether the case is of such
an exceptional nature that it is appropriate to depart from the standard basis
of costs”: Airtrust at [52].

Conduct of IIa

44 In the present case, IIa’s main defence lay in its attack on the novelty
and inventiveness of SG 872 and SG 508. However, IIa’s overall strategy was to
defend every issue, without regard to its merit. For example, the objections
it made regarding foreign amendments, post-grant amendments and allegations
about E6’s misrepresentations to the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore
lacked conviction and were not relevant (see Judgment at [326]–[331]). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions on Costs at para 42.

Numerous and multiple pieces of prior art were raised on the main claims
(Claims 1 and 62 od SG 872 and Claim 1 of SG 508), of which only a fraction
was key when the experts took the stand.

45 There were two points, in particular, where it could be said that IIa’s
pursuit of certain issues was speculative, hypothetical and without basis. The
first was IIa’s pursuit of the issues of the provenance and chain of custody
relating to the Samples. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions on Costs at para 20.

As a result of this emphasis, IIa spent 5.5 days out of six days that E6’s
witnesses were on the stand cross-examining them on those issues during the
first set of trial dates. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions on Costs at para 21.

E6 was forced to establish every single link in the handling of the Samples.
There were also aspects of IIa’s conduct that suggested that these arguments
were, in part, merely strategic. For example, when E6 initially had difficulty
locating its trap purchaser, Mr Pascal Pierra, IIa sought to expunge his
affidavit. Subsequently, however, when IIa’s bluff was called and Mr Pierra
was located, IIa chose not to cross-examine him. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions on Costs at para 47.

IIa also made various allegations of fraud, evidence tampering, witness
collusion and manufacturing of evidence without any basis. I alluded to this
stance in the Judgment at [339], [360], [372], [379], [394], and [410].

46 The second concerned IIa’s alleged confidential process. After trial, I
found, first, that it was not believable that IIa’s method of manufacturing
CVD diamonds had not been documented before (Judgment at [452]–[453]); and
secondly, that the confidential process was “contrived so as to avoid
liability for infringement” (Judgment at [454]). The confidential process took
up a significant amount of time at trial. It was appropriate to hold this
against IIa in considering the issue of costs.

Conduct of E6

47 IIa argued that there was also misconduct on E6’s part, for three reasons.
First, IIa complained that E6 did not engage in settlement negotiations
despite offers to settle sent on 1 February and 3 March 2017. This argument
was a non-starter, given my views on the OTS.

48 Second, IIa also claimed that E6 had ambushed it by disclosing a large
number of documents before and during trial, on 18 March 2019 (before the
first tranche) and on 22 March 2019 (during the first tranche), which
necessitated urgent inspection of the documents during trial. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions on Costs at para 52.

From what I saw of the documents, these related to the minutiae of the
provenance and chain of custody of the Samples, comprising documents such as
daily records of the Samples, and were the result of IIa’s wide-ranging and
undiscerning demand for E6 to prove every link in the chain from the Samples’
origins as if this were a drug trafficking case, relying on Mohamed Affandi
bin Rosli v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 440 (in which
context the Court of Appeal made clear in any event at [41] that “speculative
arguments” about a break in the chain of custody would not be entertained:
Judgment at [360]).

49 Third, IIa argued that E6 had not identified what the independently valid
claims (“IVCs”) for SG 872 and SG 508 were, causing it to incur unnecessary
costs. Citing the case of Edward Lifesciences AG v Cook Biotech Incorporated
[2009] EWHC 1443 (Pat) (“Edward Lifesciences”) at [6], IIa argued that E6’s
conduct in relation to the IVCs warranted an adjustment of the costs order in
IIa’s favour.

50 IVCs are used in the UK as a case management technique under Part 63 r 8 of
the CPR, where the patentee identifies a set of independently valid claims
(which may be independent or dependent claims) in order to narrow the issues
for trial: see The White Book Service 2020 vol 2 (Geoffrey Vos et al eds)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2020) at para 2F-9.6.1; Terrell ([25] supra) at para 19-100.
In the present case, in the lead-up to trial, there was some uncertainty over
whether dependent claims could be independently valid in the same way as in
the UK, following the Court of Appeal’s decision in Sunseap Group Pte Ltd and
others v Sun Electric Pte Ltd [2019] 1 SLR 645 (“Sunseap”) at [70]. Whereas
the Court of Appeal noted that “[i]f the court finds in the defendant’s favour
that the independent claims are invalid, it follows that the dependent claims
must also fall”, the position did not appear to be the same in the UK. The
appropriate interpretation of Sunseap, and the characterisation of an IVC,
remained live issues for trial. Therefore, the approach used in Edward
Lifesciences could not be applied in its full rigour.

51 The above notwithstanding, E6 could and should have exercised more
restraint and greater reasonableness throughout the progress of the suit. The
pre-trial process was characterised by lengthy interlocutory and discovery
applications on both sides. The assistant registrar’s decisions in [2017]
SGHCR 16, concerning E6’s 165 requests for further and better particulars, and
[2018] SGHCR 13, which the decision records was heard over four days of oral
argument and involved about 400 pages of written submissions, give a flavour
of the written submissions, affidavits and oral arguments used by both parties
in a wide gamut of interlocutory applications and pre-trial conferences, with
much intervening correspondence. The nuggets that were valid in the points
taken were accompanied by other matters unreasonably asserted or defended.
Every point that could conceivably be argued very possibly was; more
consideration for courtesy to fellow members of the Bar and respect for
judicial resources would have been appropriate. Coming back to the issue of
IVCs, such a practice would be a useful means in patent cases of enabling
technical experts to weigh in early and bring efficient definition to issues
of validity. In this case, E6 initially asserted 33 claims in SG 872 and 24
claims in SG 508. After I asked E6 in a pre-trial conference to identify the
IVCs, it identified 31 claims in SG 872 and 12 claims in SG 508 as IVCs. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notes of Argument dated 30 March 2020 at p 14, ln 9–11; Letter from Plaintiff
to Court dated 18 October 2018 at para 6.

It was not until after Senior Counsel took over conduct of the case, after
experts’ affidavits were filed, and only at the second tranche of trial dates,
that arguments on validity focused on Claims 1 and 62 of 872, and Claim 1 of
508.

52 E6’s conduct was relevant because in a case where indemnity costs are
ordered in a party’s favour, under O 59 r 27(3) of the ROC, any doubt as to
the reasonableness of any expense is resolved in the receiving party’s favour.
In view of E6’s conduct, I did not think that E6 ought to have the benefit of
doubt resolved in its favour on issues pertaining to the reasonableness of its
costs during taxation.

The court’s discretion on costs

53 Under O 59 r 5(b) of the ROC, the court in exercising its discretion as to
costs shall consider, to the extent as may be appropriate in the
circumstances, “the conduct of all the parties, including conduct before and
during the proceedings”.

54 One aspect of the court’s assessment of the parties’ conduct is to consider
the proportionality of the manner in which each side ran its case. In
Singapore Shooting Association and others v Singapore Rifle Association [2020]
1 SLR 395, the Court of Appeal took account of parties’ conduct when making no
order on the costs of proceedings both in the court below and before it (at
[183]). It made clear at [174] that the outcome reached on the substantive
issues is not the only consideration taken into account in awarding costs. At
[175], lawyers were reminded of their professional obligation under r
17(2)(e)(i) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 (S
706/2015) (“LPPCR”) to evaluate, together with their client, whether any
consequence of a matter involving the client justifies the expense of pursuing
the matter. Sundaresh Menon CJ highlighted at [180]:

… Although it is not for the courts to say how parties should run their cases,
we think it only right to point out that where parties have the option of
choosing between a shorter, simpler argument and a more convoluted and
circuitous one, they ought to pursue the former instead of the latter. After
all, one of the principles expressed in r 9 of the LPPCR is that a legal
practitioner must conduct his case in a manner which maintains the efficiency
of court proceedings.

55 In each case, the costs order would depend upon all the facts of the case.
In my judgment, my discretion as to costs was better exercised in the present
case by giving E6 the whole costs of the action on liability without any
reduction, but to be taxed on a standard basis. Returning to the Tullio
approach, E6 was the overall winner. As such, the mere fact that SG 508 was
revoked did not mean that E6 should not, by that fact alone, receive the whole
costs of the action. A reduction could be made if the additional issues had
“caused a significant increase in the length of the proceedings” (see Tullio
Planeta ([11] supra) at [24]; and O 59 r 6A, ROC). In ascertaining whether
E6’s assertion of SG 508 made the trial lengthier, I considered that it was
IIa’s behaviour which prolonged the trial and made matters unduly complex. It
was appropriate for E6 to be compensated in costs for each of the multiple and
multifarious defences IIa attempted, even in relation to any additional costs
specific to the validity of SG 508. At the same time, while E6 urged for IIa’s
misconduct to be taken into account by means of a costs order on an indemnity
basis, E6’s own lack of discipline was also relevant as to whether I would
make that exceptional order. Taking all of these factors into consideration,
giving E6 the whole costs of the action on a standard basis was the solution
that better encouraged proportionality and reasonableness.

Conclusion

56 In conclusion, E6 was awarded the costs of the action on a standard basis.
Costs for the costs hearing were ordered in favour of E6 and fixed at $3,000,
including disbursements.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Alvin Yeo SC, Daniel Chan, Vivian Seah, Daryl Kwok (WongPartnership LLP)
(instructed), Chan Kwok Chuan Jason, Pang Sze Ray Melvin, Nicholas Tong Wei
Jie and Ong Eu Jin (Amica Law LLC) for the plaintiff;

Tony Yeo Soo Mong, Meryl Koh Junning, Yeo Javier, Chiew Jing Yi and Loo Fang
Hui (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

