Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 16

Suit No 585 of 2017

Between

| Daisho Development Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Architects 61 Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Negligent misrepresentation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Daisho Development Singapore Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Architects 61 Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 16

High Court — Suit No 585 of 2017  
Tan Siong Thye J  
4–8, 13–14 November 2019; 6 December 2019

21 January 2020 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Daisho Development Singapore Pte Ltd (“Daisho”), bought the
Westin Hotel (“the Hotel”) from Asia Square Tower 2 Pte Ltd (“AST2”) under the
sale and purchase agreement (“the SPA”) dated 16 December 2013. The purchase
price was approximately $469m. After the sale, Daisho alleged that AST2 made a
false and fraudulent misrepresentation of fact by giving advice that members
of the public could access certain of the Hotel’s facilities even though the
Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) had stipulated that these facilities
were not accessible to the public. Daisho took the dispute to arbitration
(“the Arbitration”) and the tribunal (“Tribunal”) handed down an award ruling
against Daisho (“the Award”).

2 After its unsuccessful attempts to set aside the Award in the High Court and
Court of Appeal, Daisho now seeks another bite of the cherry by suing the
present defendant, Architects 61 Pte Ltd (“A61”), who was the project
architect for the Hotel. Daisho relies on similar facts but this time alleges
negligent misrepresentation regarding the restricted usage of the Hotel
facilities. The misrepresentation was purportedly made by A61 to AST2 and then
impliedly conveyed to Daisho.

3 In order to fully appreciate this case, I shall begin by tracing the
background to the dispute and how the URA’s prohibition of public access to
certain facilities of the Hotel came to be implemented.

Background facts

4 Daisho is a company engaged in the acquisition and operation of assets such
as hotels and restaurants. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Kohda’s affidavit at para 5.

A61 is an architectural firm. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Kohda’s affidavit at para 6.

5 In April 2008, A61 was appointed, under a Memorandum of Agreement (“the
MOA”) with MGP Kimi Pte Ltd (“MGP”), as the architect for the project (“the
Project”) to develop Land Parcel B at Marina View (South Tower) Singapore into
what would eventually be known as Asia Square Tower 2 (“the Development”). MGP
was renamed AST2 in March 2009 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence at para 4.

but nothing turns on this. AST2 is a special purpose vehicle created only to
hold property. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

4/11/19 NE 51.

A61 worked with Denton Corker Marshall Pty Ltd, which took the lead in design
matters. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DOS at para 3.

6 The Project was granted planning permission by the URA in July 2009. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence at para 5.

Under the Technical Conditions of Tender issued by the URA, the maximum
permissible gross floor area (“Maximum GFA”) of the Development was 113,580m2.
At least 60% of the Maximum GFA was to be for office use (“Office GFA”) and at
least 25% of the Maximum GFA was to be for hotel use (“Hotel GFA”). The
remaining 15% could be developed for additional office, hotel or other
permitted uses such has retail, residential, entertainment or recreational
uses as approved by the URA (“Commercial GFA”).

The Use Restrictions on the Hotel

7 The Hotel was built as part of the Project and it occupies part of levels 1
and 3, and the entirety of levels 32 to 46 of the Development. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

6/11/19 NE 60.

8 It is undisputed that certain facilities of the Hotel (“the Facilities”)
were classified under Hotel GFA and, hence, the Facilities could only be used
by hotel guests and staff and not by members of the public (“the Use
Restrictions”). The Use Restrictions were found in URA Circular No
URA/PB/2002/18-DCD dated 2 September 2002 (“the URA Circular”). The affected
Facilities comprised:

(a) meeting rooms on the third floor (“the L3 Meeting Rooms”);

(b) food and beverage facilities on the 32nd and 33rd floors (“the F&B
Facilities”);

(c) meeting rooms on the 35th floor; and

(d) the health and fitness centre on the 35th floor.

9 AST2 wanted to optimise the proportions of Office GFA, Hotel GFA and
Commercial GFA for profitability. In view of the Use Restrictions and to
obtain the URA’s consent for the Facilities to be computed as Hotel GFA, AST2
provided three letters of undertaking (“LOUs”) to the URA:

(a) AST2’s first letter of undertaking dated 14 October 2010 (“First LOU”),
which stated in material part:

We hereby agree and undertake that meeting rooms computed under Hotel quantum
will be for hotel guests and staff use only (not open to public).

(b) AST2’s second letter of undertaking dated 27 March 2013 (“Second LOU”),
which stated in material part:

We hereby agree and undertake that 32nd and 33rd Storey Guest Lounges, 35th
Storey Health & Fitness Centre, Treatment Rooms, Business Centre Meeting Rooms
and Executive Lounge computed under Hotel quantum will be for hotel guests and
staff use only.

(c) AST2’s third letter of undertaking dated 10 May 2013 (“Third LOU”), which
stated in material part:

32nd and 33rd Storey Guest Lounges computed under Hotel quantum will be for
hotel guests and staff use only.

35th Storey Health & Fitness Centre, Treatment Rooms, Business Centre Meeting
Rooms and Executive Lounge computed under Hotel quantum will be for hotel
guests use only. From 32nd Storey Hotel Lobby, hotel guests need to transfer
to another set of Lifts (HPL 04 to 06) to access the upper hotel floors
(including 35th Storey). This set of Lifts is card controlled hence access is
restricted for hotel guests only.

10 The URA issued its final grant of written permission on 10 October 2013
(“the FGWP”). The FGWP reiterated the Use Restrictions, in that it stated “The
details of the Planning Permission are set out in Part III [titled “Details of
the Planning Permission”] and the approved plans which are enclosed herewith.
… All conditions stipulated in [the] approved plans … are still applicable”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DBD 864.

The attached plans contained printed stipulations “for hotel staff and guest
use only” (or similar stipulations) in respect of the Facilities.

Daisho’s purchase of the Hotel

11 In July 2013, Daisho was interested in buying a five star hotel in
Singapore. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Kohda’s affidavit at paras 11–14.

Between October and November 2013, Daisho began conducting due diligence on
the Hotel. Daisho was advised by WongPartnership LLP (“WongP”), Aylmer &
Partners Ltd (“Aylmer”) and EC Harris. A virtual data room was maintained for
due diligence purposes. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF at para 5.

Parties hotly dispute whether there was a physical data room in addition to
the virtual data room and whether Daisho was provided with only the FGWP or
also with the approved plans. I shall discuss these matters later. WongP
eventually issued its legal due diligence report on 11 December 2013. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASOF at para 9.

12 On 4 November 2013, Mr Bryan Law (“Mr Law”) of AST2 circulated a draft
budget (“the Draft Budget”), dated 30 September 2013 to Daisho. The Draft
Budget was prepared by the operator of the Hotel (“Starwood”).

13 On 15 December 2013, Daisho’s representatives, PW2 Mr Mamoru Kohda (“Mr
Kohda”) and PW3 Mr Akira Kikuchi (“Mr Kikuchi”), and AST2’s representatives,
Mr Stuaret Greaves, Mr Mark Rada (“Mr Rada”) and Mr Law, toured the Hotel
(“the Tour”). Also present were personnel from White & Case (the lawyers for
BlackRock, which owned AST2), 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

6 /11/19 NE 13.

the Hotel, and Aylmer. A61’s representatives did not participate in the Tour.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at para 10.

The Tour ended with drinks at one of the F&B Facilities on the 32rd floor.

14 The next day, 16 December 2013, AST2 sold the Hotel to Daisho under the
SPA. Daisho had never communicated with A61 on and before this date. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASOF at para 12.

Daisho had conducted due diligence for six weeks before the execution of the
SPA. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ASOF at para 5.

15 A lease agreement between Daisho and AST2 was registered in early 2014
(“the Lease”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 5.

The Certificate of Statutory Completion for the Development was obtained on 14
May 2014. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASOF at para 13.

16 It is undisputed that the Facilities are still open to members of the
public and have been since 2013, notwithstanding the Use Restrictions. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

5/11/19 NE 49.

Daisho’s arbitration against AST2

17 According to Daisho, it was only after entering into the SPA that it
realised that the Facilities could not be patronised by members of the public.
Daisho alleged that it had not been informed by AST2 about the Use
Restrictions. In late November 2014 Daisho commenced the Arbitration against
AST2 in accordance with the SPA. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DOS at para 15.

In its statement of case filed on 3 June 2015 in the arbitral proceedings,
Daisho alleged fraudulent misrepresentation, arising from the Tour and the
Draft Budget, that the Facilities were open to the public. The Tribunal issued
the Award on 1 June 2016 essentially dismissing Daisho’s claims. A61 was not a
party or a witness in the Arbitration proceedings. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ASOF at para 14.

Daisho’s court actions to set aside the arbitral award

18 Daisho expressed its disapprobation with the Award by applying to the High
Court in Originating Summons No 871 of 2016 (“OS 871”) to set aside the Award.
At the same time, Daisho took out Suit No 1097 of 2016 (“Suit 1097”) against
AST2 relying on the same allegations raised in the Arbitration (ie, that AST2
deceived Daisho into entering into the SPA by fraudulently misrepresenting to
Daisho that the public could patronise the Facilities). AST2 applied to strike
out Suit 1097. The High Court dismissed OS 871 and struck out Suit 1097 in BNX
v BOE [2017] SGHC 289.

19 Daisho was again dissatisfied with the decisions and lodged notices of
appeal against the High Court decisions (Civil Appeal Nos 61 of 2017 and 62 of
2017, the “Substantive Appeals”). In the meantime, in November 2017 Daisho
applied to adduce fresh evidence for its appeal (Summons No 132 of 2017 and
Summons No 133 of 2017, the “Fresh Evidence Applications”). The Fresh Evidence
Applications were dismissed by the Court of Appeal in BNX v BOE and another
appeal [2018] 2 SLR 215. The Substantive Appeals were dismissed on 17 January
2019 without written grounds of decision.

20 In the midst of exhausting its legal recourse against AST2, around June
2017 Daisho started this Suit against AST2’s architect, A61. This is what this
case is all about.

The parties’ cases

Daisho’s case

21 Daisho’s case in essence is that A61 was negligent in providing advice to
AST2 regarding the Use Restrictions. Mr Kohda alleged that AST2 conveyed that
advice impliedly to Daisho by the way it operated the Hotel and via the Draft
Budget and that Daisho acted upon that implied advice, causing it to incur
loss. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

POS at paras 6, 7, 10, 11.

22 Daisho alleges that A61 had, in the course of acting as the architect for
the Hotel’s development, advised AST2 on all planning issues and dealt with
the URA on AST2’s behalf. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC at para 4.

A61 had orally advised AST2’s representatives (sometime during the development
phase of the Hotel 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

F&BP (Plaintiff) at para 2b(i).

) that members of the public could use the Facilities, by way of providing the
following advice singly or cumulatively (“the Advice”) as stated in Daisho’s
opening statement and paragraphs 7(a) to 7(g) of its statement of claim: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC at para 7.

(a) The Use Restrictions were aimed at preventing the Facilities from being
run as separate businesses.

(b) So long as the Facilities stayed within and as part of the Hotel, this
would comply with the primary focus of the Use Restrictions.

(c) From the URA’s point of view, the distinction between hotel use and
commercial use was not focused on who could access the Facilities but whether
the Facilities were kept within the Hotel.

(d) So long as the Facilities remained under the Hotel’s control and were not
leased to third parties to run commercial businesses out of the Hotel’s
premises, that would be in line with the Use Restrictions.

(e) It would not be an issue if the Facilities allocated as Hotel GFA were
accessed by the public, that in practice all types of people (ie, hotel
guests, visitors or the general public) would access the Facilities or that
the URA would not consider public access to the Facilities as contrary to the
planning rules.

(f) In the practical sense, so long as the Hotel’s management did not
intentionally or purposely market the Facilities to the general public, it
would not violate the Use Restrictions.

(g) The operation of the Facilities by the Hotel’s operators and not by
outside businesses was consistent with the URA’s policy, such that no problems
would arise by allowing business from persons not resident in the Hotel
contrary to the Use Restrictions.

23 When the alleged Advice was rendered, the parties present were Mr Rada or
PW1 Mr Jeremy Choy (“Mr Choy”) of AST2 and DW1 Cheang Eng Cheng Joseph (“Mr
Cheang”) from A61. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

F&BP (Plaintiff) at paras 3–11.

24 Relying on the Advice, AST2 planned and operated the business of the Hotel
accordingly. The Facilities have remained opened to resident hotel guests,
hotel staff, visitors and the general public to date and income was derived
from these people. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC at para 9.

25 Daisho’s case is that A61 owed a duty of care to a buyer of the Hotel, in
this case Daisho, to ensure the Advice was given with reasonable care and
skill. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC at para 11.

A61 knew or should have known that the Advice would be made available to a
buyer of the Hotel (Daisho) and that the buyer would rely on the Advice in
contracting with AST2 to purchase the Hotel. In particular, A61 knew or should
have known that AST2 was beneficially owned by a fund (Blackrock) and that any
such fund would dispose of the assets soon after completing a project. AST2
sold the Hotel to Daisho soon after completing it. AST2 would make available
the Advice from A61 to Daisho. Therefore, A61 as the architect must be taken
to have assumed a responsibility to Daisho as the eventual buyer for the
accuracy of its statements in the Advice to AST2. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC at para 10.

26 Daisho alleges that A61 breached its duty of care because the Advice it
gave was inaccurate. A61 knew at all material times of the Use Restrictions on
the Facilities from the URA Circular, the FGWP, and the LOUs. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC at para 6.

A61 should have known that the Advice was contrary to the Use Restrictions. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC a paras 11, 16.

27 Daisho claims that it was at all material times unaware of the Use
Restrictions 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC at para 13.

and that the Advice was made available to it in these ways:

(a) By the manner in which the operations of the Hotel were conducted. During
the Tour, Daisho understood from the operations of the Hotel that the
Facilities were open to, amongst others, the general public and income was
derived from this. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC at para 12.

At that time, the Facilities were being used contrary to the Use Restrictions.
There were no visible signs at the bar that it was not accessible to non-
resident hotel guests.

(b) Through the Draft Budget, which contained information regarding the income
to be derived from the Hotel’s operations. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC at para 14.

28 Relying on the Advice, Daisho entered into the SPA and suffered loss,
namely, the payment of a higher purchase price than it would otherwise have if
access to the Facilities was restricted to only the hotel guests and staff;
and the loss of income that would have been derived from the general public’s
access to the Facilities for the Lease duration. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC at paras 17–18.

At the trial, Daisho abandoned its claim for loss of income from the public.
It now pursues only the claim that the Hotel has diminished in value because
of the Use Restrictions on the Facilities.

29 Daisho called these witnesses:

(a) Mr Choy, the director of the Project until about 2011 (after which he
handed the Project over to Mr Rada, who was his “number two” before that 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

4/11/19 NE 48.

);

(b) Mr Kohda, a director of Daisho;

(c) Mr Kikuchi, another director of Daisho; and

(d) PW4, Ms Chee Hock Yean (“Ms Chee”), its expert on quantum.

A61’s case

30 A61 accepts that it knew of the Use Restrictions on the Facilities. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence at para 8.

However, it denies that it had given the Advice to AST2. To the contrary, all
documentary evidence shows that A61 advised AST2 to comply with the Use
Restrictions. A61 also alleges that AST2 had communicated directly with the
URA on certain occasions, including appeals on GFA computation for hotel use
and the execution of the LOUs addressed to the URA. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence at para 6.

31 A61 disagrees that Daisho was unaware of the Use Restrictions at all
material times. These restrictions would have been apparent upon due diligence
being done as the Use Restrictions were printed on the building plans
depicting the relevant Facilities. Further, if Daisho was unaware of them it
could not have known and relied on the Advice as the Advice and the Use
Restrictions were intertwined. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence at para 22.

32 A61 raises five defences. Firstly, it contends that it did not give any of
the alleged Advice, which Daisho claims was negligently given to AST2. In
fact, it said the exact opposite. A61 understood from July 2009, as conveyed
through MGP’s design brief for the Project, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

F&BP (Defence) at para 4.

that MGP intended to minimise Hotel GFA subject to the URA’s stipulated
minimum 25% of Maximum GFA. This was because MGP considered Hotel GFA to be
the least profitable out of Hotel GFA, Office GFA and Commercial GFA. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence at para 9.

A61 had advised AST2 that the Facilities could only be operated in accordance
with the Use Restrictions in order to be characterised as Hotel GFA. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence at para 9.

A61 referred to communications between A61, AST2 and the URA regarding the Use
Restrictions. These are as follows:

(a) Between 2009 and 2010, A61 appealed to URA against the latter’s
interpretations of GFA, which A61 thought were inconsistent between the
Technical Conditions of Tender and various URA circulars. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

7/11/19 NE 80–81.

This culminated in the URA approving the computation of the L3 Meeting Rooms
as Hotel GFA on condition that AST2 provided the First LOU. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence at para 12.

(b) Between February and May 2013 the correspondence with the URA culminated
in the URA approving the computation of the remaining Facilities as Hotel GFA
on condition that AST2 provided the Second LOU. The Second LOU was later
amended and re-executed on 10 May 2013 as the Third LOU to comply with the
URA’s request to include proposed measures to restrict public access to the
35th storey. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence at paras 13–14.

A61 had, at all times, informed AST2 that they were to comply with the LOUs.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence at para 15.

33 Secondly, A61 disagrees that it owes a duty of care to Daisho, who was not
its client, for the following reasons: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence at para 20.

(a) It is not the case that A61 knew or should have known that the Advice
would be made available to a buyer of the Hotel. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defence at paras 18–19.

A61 would not expect any advice it gave to be made available to third parties,
because the MOA with AST2 stipulated that any information on the Project,
including any advice given by A61, was confidential.

(b) The relationship between A61 and Daisho was not sufficiently proximate.
They had no contractual relationship. A61 had not assumed responsibility for
the accuracy of the Advice or to prevent loss to Daisho. A61 did not and could
not have known that Daisho relied on it to take care to avoid or prevent loss
to Daisho.

(c) Even if any of its advice was communicated to third party investors or
buyers, A61 did not know or expect its advice to be acted upon by these third
parties without independent inquiry or due diligence. Any subsequent purchaser
of the Development or the Hotel would in the ordinary course of conduct do its
independent due diligence.

34 Thirdly, causation is not established for the following reasons:

(a) There is a novus actus interveniens: Any damage resulted from Daisho’s own
negligence in failing to conduct due diligence thoroughly, contrary to the
advice of their own experts. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defence at para 27.

If all the documents regarding the Use Restrictions were in the data-room and
Daisho saw them and ignored them, it would be Daisho’s fault. If Daisho did
not see the documents, that would be Daisho’s adviser’s fault. If the
documents were not in the data-room, it could be AST2’s fault. In no situation
would A61 be at fault. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

4/11/19 NE 16.

(b) A61 submits that it did not take part in the Tour, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defence at para 21.

which in any case happened after all Daisho’s due diligence had been
completed. There was, similarly, no causal nexus between the Advice and the
Draft Budget, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defence at para 23.

as A61 had not given input on or seen the Draft Budget.

35 Fourthly, A61 relies on the doctrine of abuse of process. Daisho cannot
allege that the Advice was made available by AST2 to it by the manner in which
the operations of the Hotel were conducted 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defence at para 21A.

because the Arbitration tribunal had found, inter alia, that there was no such
representation and that Daisho could not have understood any representation to
have been made during the Tour. The allegations regarding the Draft Budget are
likewise precluded by the extended doctrine of res judicata or abuse of
process as these were thoroughly argued in the Arbitration proceedings. The
tribunal had found that while there was an implicit representation in the
Draft Budget that it would be lawful to admit non-residents, Daisho did not
give conscious thought to the question of whether non-residents of the Hotel
had lawful access to the Facilities. Nor had Daisho relied on any of the
representations in the Draft Budget to enter into the SPA.

36 Fifthly, Daisho has to date not suffered any damage. All the Facilities are
still open to the public notwithstanding the Use Restrictions. Its loss of
profit claim cannot stand because the purpose of damages in tortious
misrepresentation is to put the victim in the position he would have been in
if the representation had not been made.

37 A61 called these witnesses:

(a) Mr Cheang, the Chief Operating Officer of A61;

(b) DW2, Ms Ooi Wen Chuen (“Ms Ooi”), an architect at A61;

(c) DW3, Mr Micheal Ngu (“Mr Ngu”), the Chief Executive Officer of A61; and

(d) DW4, Mr Robert van Rensselaer Hecker (“Mr Hecker”), A61’s expert on
quantum.

My Decision

Issues to be determined

38 The following issues arise for my determination:

(a) Did any of the Advice allegedly given by A61 reach Daisho?

(b) Did A61 render the Advice to AST2 on the Use Restrictions?

(c) Did A61, the architect engaged by AST2 for the Development that included
the Hotel, owe Daisho, the eventual buyer of the Hotel, a duty of care to
provide accurate advice regarding the Use Restrictions and thus prevent Daisho
from incurring pure economic loss?

(d) If the answer to sub-paragraph (c) is in the affirmative, did A61 breach
that duty by providing the Advice, contrary to the Use Restrictions, to the
effect that members of the public could use the Facilities?

(e) If A61 was negligent, did Daisho suffer any loss?

Did the Advice allegedly given by A61 reach Daisho?

39 Daisho vehemently denies it was aware of the Use Restrictions before
entering into the SPA. A61 argues that if Daisho never knew of the Use
Restrictions before entering into the SPA, it could not possibly be aware of
any purported Advice given by A61 on how to circumvent these same
restrictions. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DOS at para 14.

Mr Kohda accepted A61’s logic during cross-examination. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

5/11/19 NE 72–73.

This concession by Mr Kohda sounds the death knell for Daisho’s case.

40 It is important to grasp what exactly Daisho’s case is. Mr Kohda’s
affidavit evidence suggested that the Advice itself (at paragraphs 7(a) to
7(g) of Daisho’s statement of claim) was conveyed to Daisho. At paragraph 58
of his affidavit, he stated that “AST2 had relied on the Advice provided by
the Defendant [A61] and in turn, such Advice was conveyed to and relied upon
by the Plaintiff in coming to a decision to purchase the Westin Singapore”
[emphasis added].

41 However, Mr Kohda explained in court that it was not the Advice per se that
was conveyed to Daisho, but a general impression that the Facilities were open
to the public. Further, it was not A61 but AST2 that conveyed that impression.
This was done in a non-verbal manner through the Draft Budget and the Tour as
follows:

(a) Mr Kohda clarified, in response to my questions at the trial, that the
Advice at paragraphs 7(a) to 7(g) of Daisho’s statement of claim (see [22]
above) was not in fact conveyed to Daisho. Rather, the Advice was only
conveyed to AST2. It was undisputed that Daisho had no dealings or
communication with A61 before it signed the SPA. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PCS at para 2(o).

(b) Mr Kohda further explained that AST2 also did not render any verbal advice
or any actual direct advice to Daisho regarding the Use Restrictions. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

6/11/19 NE 112.

Daisho assumed and formed the impression, from the fact that the Hotel was
being operated in a “normal way”, that the Facilities were open to the public.
This impression was then supported by the Draft Budget. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

6/11/19 NE 105–106.

(c) Daisho reiterated in its closing submission that it is “not [Daisho’s]
case that the full advice from A61 to AST2 [ie, the whole of the advice in
paragraphs 7(a) to 7(g) of the statement of claim] was communicated to
[Daisho]. [Daisho]’s case is only that part of the advice that the hotel’s
Relevant Facilities could be open to the public was communicated by AST2 to
the Plaintiff” [emphasis added]. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS at para 10.

42 Therefore, even on the assumption that A61 had given the Advice to AST2,
Daisho had to show that A61’s Advice had affected the formulation of the Draft
Budget or the way the Tour was conducted. There is no evidence to support this
proposition and, thus, Daisho has failed to discharge its burden of proof. Mr
Kohda accepted that he had no evidence to suggest A61 saw the Draft Budget or
had any direct or indirect input regarding the Draft Budget. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

5/11/19 NE 74.

It is not even apparent if AST2 had any input in the Draft Budget, which was
prepared by Starwood (the operator of the Hotel). Although Mr Kikuchi claimed
in his affidavit that the Draft Budget had been “subsequently approved by
AST2”, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

2BAEIC689 at para 12.

he conceded in cross-examination that he assumed that AST2, as owner, must
have approved it. This was because “usually” in management contracts between
the owners and operators of international hotels the former would have to
approve or disapprove of the hotel budget. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

6/1/19 NE 119–120.

Similarly, there is a complete lack of nexus between A61 or the Advice and the
Tour. Furthermore, it is undisputed that A61’s representatives did not
participate in the Tour. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ASOF at para 10.

Daisho has not suggested that A61 had advised AST2 regarding how the Tour
should be conducted.

43 In other words, it follows from Mr Kohda’s evidence that A61’s purported
Advice, even assuming that the Advice had been given to AST2, did not reach
Daisho through the Draft Budget or the Tour. Thus, Daisho was unaware of the
Advice and could not possibly have relied on the Advice purportedly given by
A61 when it signed the SPA. Daisho’s evidence, on a balance of probabilities,
fails to establish that A61 had directly or indirectly made any representation
regarding the Advice to Daisho before it signed the SPA. Therefore, Daisho’s
case against A61 is completely devoid of basic legal foundation.

44 Even if Daisho did not know of the Use Restrictions before entering into
the SPA (as it alleged), this lack of knowledge cannot be attributed to A61.
A61 had advised AST2 to comply with the Use Restrictions imposed by the URA.
This will become evident from my analysis below. It was not A61’s
responsibility to bring the Use Restrictions to Daisho’s attention but that of
Daisho’s advisers, who had been engaged to conduct a thorough due diligence
check on the Hotel before Daisho signed the SPA. The purchase of the Hotel was
conducted on the basis of caveat emptor. Daisho was fully aware of the
implications and responsibilities of contract entered into on the basis of
caveat emptor as it had engaged its own advisors.

45 At this juncture, I shall briefly refer to a tangential issue in the
Arbitration. In those proceedings Daisho alleged that representations were
made by AST2 via the Tour and the Draft Budget that the public could access
the Facilities. A61 relied on the extended doctrine of res judicata or abuse
of process to argue that Daisho could not raise this point in this Suit. A61
also referred to clause 23.2 of the SPA which provided:

Each party confirms that it has not entered into this Agreement … on the basis
of any representation, warranty, undertaking or other statement whatsoever by
another party or any of its Related Persons which is not expressly
incorporated into this Agreement …

It is unnecessary for me to resolve this issue because it would not have made
a difference to my analysis, given my reasoning above.

46 On the basis of Mr Kohda’s evidence I dismiss Daisho’s case against A61.
However, for completeness I shall discuss the other issues listed at [38]
above.

Did A61 render the Advice to AST2 regarding the Use Restrictions?

47 Daisho alleges that A61 is bound by the findings of the Tribunal that A61
had given the Advice. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PRS at para 46.

The Award states at paragraph 78[vii] that “the tenor of the advice from A61
was that operation of the hotel’s facilities by the operators of the hotel and
not by outside businesses was consistent with the policy of the URA such that
no problems would arise by receiving business from persons not resident in the
hotel. This gave [AST2’s] representatives comfort that the restrictions would
not pose a significant problem for the operation of the hotel.”. But this
court is not bound to accept the findings the Tribunal made regarding A61,
which was not even a party or a witness in the Arbitration. Since A61 was not
given an opportunity to advance its case at the arbitral proceedings before
the Tribunal made its findings, this court must be cautious of any of the
Tribunal’s findings relating to A61. I shall now analyse the issue of whether
A61 gave the purported Advice to AST2 based on documentary evidence, Mr Choy’s
evidence, and A61’s witnesses’ evidence.

Documentary evidence

48 Daisho admits that there was no documentary evidence to support the view
that A61 had given the Advice. Thus, Daisho’s allegations are based entirely
on oral evidence, primarily on Mr Choy’s oral evidence. A61 denies giving the
Advice.

49 On the other hand, A61’s position is supported by the documentary evidence.
All the documentary evidence shows that A61 informed AST2 to comply with the
Use Restrictions and that A61 emphasised the importance of AST2 honouring its
undertakings in the various LOUs. Moreover, the documentary evidence supports
the view that AST2 did not advocate going, or intend to go behind the URA’s
back by circumventing the Use Restrictions. When AST2 wished to designate
certain ballrooms and meeting rooms as Hotel GFA yet allow the public to
access these, there are records of A61 advising AST2 to appeal to the URA. As
A61’s counsel pointed out, there is no sign that A61 suggested a “workaround”
or circumvention of the URA rules 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS at para 81.

of a similar nature to the alleged Advice.

50 The absence of documentary evidence of the Advice buttresses A61’s case. Mr
Cheang testified that his practice (and the practice he instructed his staff
to adopt) was to confirm in writing if advice was given orally. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

7/11/19 NE 56.

The practice of A61’s staff members that discussions would be followed up with
written minutes of discussions that had occurred was borne out by the
documentary evidence. For instance, on 22 April 2010 (Thursday) Mr Cheang
emailed Mr Jim Davis (“Mr Davis”) (who was the head of development at MGP) and
Mr Rada about “pop[ping] over to chat” on GFA the next day, or next Tuesday
morning. Mr Davis and Mr Rada emailed back to say they were fine with 2.30pm
on Friday. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

2BAEIC 1112.

The meeting evidently occurred, as recorded in a letter sent by Mr Cheang
dated 26 April 2010 which stated: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

2BAEIC1117.

Second (2nd) Appeal on Gross Floor Area Computation For Hotel Uses

1\. Please refer to the following:

(a) URA’s refusal of 1st Appeal letter … dated 15 April 2010 issued to AST2.

(b) [MGP]’s email (16 April 2010 6.14pm) to Architects 61

(c) Meeting at [MGP] on Friday, 23 April 2010

2\. As discussed, we have endeavoured to draft a second appeal based on
[MGP]’s outline …

[emphasis added]

Mr Cheang confirmed that the Friday 23 April 2010 meeting was the same meeting
as that referred to in the emails. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

7/11/19 NE 106–107.

Mr Choy’s evidence

51 Daisho relied heavily on the evidence of Mr Choy and Mr Rada. Both of them
testified in the Arbitration on behalf of AST2, the defendant in those
proceedings.

52 I shall not refer to Mr Rada’s evidence because Mr Rada was not a witness
in this Suit and so his evidence is hearsay. Even on the basis of Mr Rada’s
evidence, I would have given his evidence little or no weight. The tenor of Mr
Rada’s evidence that Daisho relies on is that he was “advised by A61 … on
maintaining a clear line between commercial use … and hotel use”, that he had
“talked … with A61”, and that there was “advice [he] was getting from A61”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at para 38.

But one key issue in these proceedings (which did not arise in the
Arbitration) is who in A61 had purportedly given the Advice, which was oral
advice, to Mr Rada. That cannot be safely gleaned from Mr Rada’s evidence
without giving A61 the benefit of cross-examination.

53 Turning to Mr Choy’s evidence, the key portions of his evidence in this
case and in the Arbitration are as follows:

(a) Mr Choy’s supplemental witness statement: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PBD4228.

… my understanding from A61 and the development team was that it would not be
an issue if facilities allocated as hotel GFA were accessed by the public. …
[emphasis added]

(b) Mr Choy’s oral evidence in the Arbitration: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PBD5640, 5724.

… I think we had enough comfort that something like this is not going to be
actively enforced. We were working on the belief that, based on advice from
our architects, like at the end of the day, what the URA is really concerned
about is not really whether … non-hotel guest walks into the hotel and uses
the facilities. …

…

The reason is I think collectively as a team at that point in time we kept --
together with our -- based on advice from other people, namely the architects,
I think we collectively came to a conclusion that it would not have been an
issue. …

[emphasis added]

54 I do not accept Daisho’s submissions that unless the court finds that Mr
Choy has lied, it has “no alternative but to accept” Mr Choy’s evidence that
A61 had given the Advice to AST2. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS at para 18.

It is the duty of this court to critically scrutinise and evaluate Mr Choy’s
evidence carefully to ascertain which aspects of his evidence can be accepted
and to discard those that are unsafe to rely on.

55 Firstly, Mr Choy testified in this court that he could not recall whether
anyone from A61 ever gave him each item of the Advice, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

4/11/19 NE 147–151.

or even whether he had directly discussed with A61 regarding the restricted
uses of the Facilities. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

5/11/19 NE 32.

56 Secondly, Mr Choy admitted that his understanding of the Advice was based
on his assumptions and not first-hand knowledge of the facts. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

4/11/19 NE 133.

He clarified and emphasised that he was taking advice from both A61 and his
development team in the sense that he assumed his team spoke to A61 and then
kept him informed as their “boss”: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

4/11/19 NE 66–67, 154–155.

A: … I do not take advice from one party and make a decision. So if in the
event that there's contradicting advice, then obviously I have a issue on my
hand, but my point is that A61 may give advice on all issues, they will be
understood and processed by my development team. Then if someone asks me for
an opinion, I will be then taking advice from these two parties collectively.

…

Q: … Then you say:

“... my understanding from A61 and the development team ...”

So you don't actually sort of identify who gave you this understanding. Would
it be correct to say that this was something that was told to you by your
team, but you understood it to be a collective advice from A61 and your own
team?

A: Yes.

Q: But the advice came or the understanding was given to you directly by one
of your team members?

A: Yes.

Q: It may have been a fair assumption, but you made an assumption that your
team speaks to A61, and, therefore, they collectively come to a view and then
your team members will, as the boss, keep you informed of what the view is.

A: Yes.

As A61 pointed out, Mr Choy could not distinguish between advice allegedly
given by A61 to members of Mr Choy’s team and advice that came only from Mr
Choy’s team without A61’s input. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DRS at para 16.

It is apparent that this aspect of Mr Choy’s evidence is based on his general
assumption rather than any facts. Daisho did not call Mr Rada, who would have
first-hand information on the alleged Advice given by A61, or any member of Mr
Rada’s team. Mr Choy testified that most of the team members were still in
Singapore albeit working for other employers. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

5/11/19 NE 28.

I note also that Mr Cheang, the only person from A61 named by Daisho in its
further and better particulars to the statement of claim as having actually
given the Advice, denied giving the Advice to Mr Rada and Mr Choy of AST2 in
his dealings with them. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

7/11/19 NE 92.

57 Thirdly, Daisho had taken inconsistent positions regarding Mr Choy’s
evidence, which casts serious doubt on the weight the court should attribute
to that evidence. In OS 871, Daisho had unsuccessfully attempted to set aside
the Award. In the Fresh Evidence Applications, Daisho sought to introduce
fresh evidence (discovered in the preparation of the present suit) that would
allegedly have shown that AST2 had obtained the Award by perjury. In other
words, Daisho’s argument had essentially been that AST2’s witnesses (including
Mr Choy) had lied in the Arbitration and that the new evidence would prove
this. But now, Daisho makes an about-turn and relies on the correctness and
veracity of precisely the same evidence from Mr Choy before me. Mr Kohda
rightly accepted that this was inconsistent. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

5/11/19 NE 98.

A61’s witnesses’ evidence

58 A61’s witnesses (Mr Cheang, Ms Ooi and Mr Ngu) consistently maintained in
cross-examination that they had not given the Advice. Mr Cheang elaborated
that when the appeals to the URA were ongoing, in the lead-up to the LOUs and
which were ultimately unsuccessful, he did not discuss with AST2 how to
circumvent the Use Restrictions if the appeals failed. A61’s approach had been
to make proposals to MGP in parallel to the URA’s processing of the appeal,
going through different iterations of GFA combinations so as to meet the URA’s
requirements. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

7/11/19 NE 71, 75.

All three of them from A61 clarified that if they had been asked by AST2 about
the matters mentioned in the Advice, they would have advised AST2 that A61 and
AST2 should consult the URA 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

7/11/19 NE 14, 109; 8/11/19 NE 53–54, 105–106.

given that this was a grey area. I accept these explanations, which were not
discredited during cross-examination.

59 I did not find that any of the three sets of correspondence emphasised by
Daisho’s counsel during cross-examination of A61’s witnesses supported
Daisho’s case that the Advice was given. I shall now deal with these
correspondence.

60 The first was a letter from Starwood to the URA that was annexed to AST2’s
appeal letter to the URA in 2009–2010 (before the First LOU). That appeal had
arisen because Mr Rada disagreed with Mr Ngu’s advice that the L3 Meeting
Rooms should be restricted to use by hotel guests and staff to be computed
under Hotel GFA, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

4BAEIC1829 (Mr Ngu’s affidavit) at para 85.

and so AST2 appealed to the URA. The draft letter from Starwood had been
circulated to Mr Rada and Mr Choy of AST2 on 5 March 2010, with Mr Cheang and
Mr Ngu in the loop. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

2PBD7136, 7144.

The final letter was dated 9 March 2010. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

2BAEIC1106.

Both the draft and the final letter listed the storeys of the Development that
the Hotel comprised, then respectively stated:

(a) “All these areas (27526.46sqm) will be controlled and managed by Westin
Hotel for the exclusive use of hotel guests and patrons”; and

(b) “All these areas would be managed by Starwood, pursuant to the terms of a
management agreement, for the exclusive use of Hotel guests and patrons”.

I shall refer to the text in sub-paragraphs 60(a) and (b) as the “Disputed
Words”. Daisho’s counsel latched onto the inclusion of the Disputed Words to
support the Advice having been made. Presumably, this was because paragraphs
7(a) and 7(d) of the statement of claim alleged that A61 had advised AST2 that
“so long as the … Facilities stayed within and as part of the Westin Hotel,
this would be complying with the primary focus of the Use Restrictions” and
“so long as the … Facilities remained under the Westin Hotel’s control … that
would be in line with the Use Restrictions”. I disagree with Daisho’s counsel.
Even if A61 had made no comment on the inclusion of the Disputed Words,
counsel was incorrect to focus on the words “managed by Westin Hotel …” and
completely ignore the words “for the exclusive use of” hotel guests and
patrons.

61 The second set of correspondence in 2013 eventually led to the Third LOU.
There, the URA had written to Ms Ooi to say that the Second LOU should be
amended to restrict the uses of the 35th floor to hotel guests. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

5BAEIC2719.

Ms Ooi then updated Ms Michelle Yik (“Ms Yik”) of AST2 of the same, who said
that they were fine with extending the Second LOU to ensure that only guests
of the Hotel used the Facilities on L35. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

5BAEIC2718.

Ms Ooi then proposed the wording, which was eventually incorporated into the
Third LOU, on restricting access to L35 by way of card-controlled lifts.

62 Daisho’s counsel pointed to a cryptic statement subsequently sent by Mr
Ngu, copied to Ms Yik and Mr Rada, that “URA has no preference if it is
restricted to ‘Guest Only’ only the commercial quantum allocation is
accessible”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

5BAEIC2717; PCS at para 23.

MGP then emailed Ms Ooi to ask what this meant, and she replied to say “[i]t
means URA don’t control access by public to the hotel spaces, they only
control the quantum, commercial quantum if accessible by public”. Mr Ngu
explained in cross-examination that there was a minimum quantum for Hotel GFA
that had to be met. If a space was accessible to the public, that area would
not count towards the hotel quantum. The URA did not control what facilities
should or should not be accessible to the public, just that in the former case
the facilities would count towards commercial quantum and not hotel quantum.
89

##### Foot Note 89

×

8/11/19 NE 74.

Ms Ooi’s explanation in cross-examination had similar meaning. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

8/11/19 NE 49.

In view of this explanation, this set of correspondence did not support
Daisho’s case. It was wrong for Daisho to argue that Mr Ngu had opined that
the Facilities could be used by members of the public. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PCS at para 28.

What Mr Ngu said was that if the Facilities were accessible to the public they
could not be counted under the hotel quantum.

63 The third set of correspondence was in late September 2013. On 27 September
2013, Mr Lee Beng Kian (“Mr Lee”) of the Hotel had written to Ms Ooi and Ms
Yik regarding the difficulties faced by the Hotel in obtaining food licences
from the National Environment Agency (“NEA”):

3\. Lobby Lounge: Terminology. According to NEA, Lounge is a place where only
drinks are served. If we want to serve food, it has to be a
cafe/restaurant/snack bar. If this is the case, according to NEA, the
terminology in the BP plan needs to be amended.

4· Cook & Brew: Same as above. Currently on the BP this is termed as Guest
Lounge.

5· Executive Lounge: Same as above.

The difficulty arose because the NEA’s position was that in order to serve
food, the relevant premises had to be called a “café”, “restaurant” or “bar”
as opposed to a lounge. Ms Ooi replied on the same day and attached an
explanation letter she had drafted to the NEA. She stated that “I spoken [sic]
to Mr Wee Ming from NEA, he mentioned that he is not concerned about minor
discrepancies on the kitchen layout. What he require for L32 is a single
layout showing Seasonal Tastes seating areas and kitchen areas”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

BAEIC 685-3.

Daisho’s counsel attempted to get some mileage out of this response by asking
Ms Ooi during cross-examination whether she had explained to Mr Lee that the
relevant premises could not be termed or operated as a “restaurant” as that
entailed letting the public access the same. He then asked whether it would be
reasonable to assume, with Ms Ooi’s knowledge of the matter, that the Hotel
intended to open that facility to members of the public. Ms Ooi stated that
this had not crossed her mind. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

8/11/19 NE 38.

I find Daisho’s reliance on this set of correspondence to be misplaced. The
correspondence dealt with the separate question of NEA licences, not the Use
Restrictions. In any case, Ms Ooi did mention, in her attached explanation
letter of the same date, that: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

BAEIC685-2.

We refer to attached URA Written Permission dated 23 May 2013 … where URA
approved Guest Lounges on 32nd and 33rd Storey as "catering for hotel guests
and staff where drinks, snacks and food will be served" (refer to page 6 and
7, text highlighted In YELLOW). [emphasis added]

64 Therefore, I find that A61 did not provide any of the Advice to AST2 and
certainly not to Daisho. The overwhelming documentary evidence, which is
contemporaneous, reveals that A61 was working with AST2 towards the Use
Restrictions so that those relevant Facilities would come within the Hotel
GFA. This is another ground to dismiss Daisho’s case.

Did A61 owe Daisho a duty of care?

65 I shall start from my finding that the evidence did not disclose that A61
gave the Advice to AST2 or Daisho. Daisho alleges that it was unaware of the
Use Restrictions. Following from this, the proper question to ask would have
been whether A61 owed a duty of care to inform Daisho of the Use Restrictions,
though this was not how Daisho advanced its case. I have explained above at
[44] why A61 did not owe Daisho this duty of care.

66 Even if A61 did give the negligent Advice to AST2, did A61 owe a duty of
care to Daisho? It is unnecessary to determine this issue. As I have
explained, Daisho’s case fails in any event because its position was that it
was not aware of the Advice and hence it could not have acted on the Advice.
It was also unmeritorious and disingenuous for Daisho to allege that the
Advice was manifested via the Tour and Draft Budget because A61 was not
involved in these. Be that as it may and on the assumption that A61 did render
the Advice to AST2, I shall address the issue of whether A61 owes a duty of
care to Daisho.

Applicable legal principles

67 The basic principles are not in dispute. According to Spandeck Engineering
(S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100
(“Spandeck”), to establish a duty of care the plaintiff must show that the
harm is factually foreseeable, the relationship between the parties is
sufficiently proximate, and that there are no policy considerations that
negate the finding of a duty of care (Spandeck at [77], [81] and [83]).

68 Factual foreseeability or reasonable foreseeability is “a threshold
question which the court must be satisfied is fulfilled, failing which the
claim does not even take off”: Spandeck at [76]. Further, citing Phang Boon
Leong Andrew J in Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007]
1 SLR(R) 853 at [55], “… [T]he requirement of reasonable foreseeability from a
factual perspective will almost always be satisfied, simply because of its
very nature and the very wide nature of the ‘net’ it necessarily casts”
[original emphasis omitted]: Spandeck at [75]. The focus is on the
foreseeability of harm, in general, as well as the class of persons who may be
affected by the negligent act or omission (as opposed to a specific identified
person): Gary Chan Kok Yew and Lee Pey Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2011) at para 03.042.

69 Proximity is “a composite idea, importing the whole concept of the
necessary relationship between the claimant and the defendant”: Spandeck at
[79]. It refers to the existence of “sufficient legal proximity between the
claimant and defendant for a duty of care to arise. The focus here is
necessarily on the closeness of the relationship between the parties
themselves” [original emphasis omitted]: Spandeck at [77]. This embraces
physical, circumstantial and causal proximity as well as notions of assumption
of responsibility and reliance (Spandeck at [77]–[79], citing Sutherland Shire
Council v Heyman (1985) 60 ALR 1 at 55–56):

The requirement of proximity is directed to the relationship between the
parties in so far as it is relevant to the allegedly negligent act or omission
of the defendant and the loss or injury sustained by the plaintiff. It
involves the notion of nearness or closeness and embraces physical proximity
(in the sense of space and time) between the person or property of the
plaintiff and the person or property of the defendant, circumstantial
proximity such as an overriding relationship of employer and employee or of a
professional man and his client and what may (perhaps loosely) be referred to
as causal proximity in the sense of the closeness or directness of the causal
connection or relationship between the particular act or course of conduct and
the loss or injury sustained. It may reflect an assumption by one party of a
responsibility to take care to avoid or prevent injury, loss or damage to the
person or property of another or reliance by one party upon such care being
taken by the other in circumstances where the other party knew or ought to
have known of that reliance. Both the identity and the relative importance of
the factors which are determinative of an issue of proximity are likely to
vary in different categories of case. … [emphasis in original omitted,
emphasis added]

70 If there is factual foreseeability and proximity, “a prima facie duty of
care arises. Policy considerations should then be applied to the factual
matrix to determine whether or not to negate this duty. Among the relevant
policy considerations would be, for example, the presence of a contractual
matrix which has clearly defined the rights and liabilities of the parties and
the relative bargaining positions of the parties”: Spandeck at [83].

71 Applying the Spandeck framework, I find that A61 also does not owe Daisho a
duty of care to provide accurate advice regarding the Use Restrictions.

Factual foreseeability

72 Daisho has not satisfied the factual foreseeability threshold; it is not
foreseeable to an architect in A61’s position that a buyer of the Hotel would
take the Advice into consideration and suffer economic loss.

73 A61 did not know that AST2 was planning to sell the Hotel (whether to
Daisho or to any other buyer) so soon after it was completed. The unchallenged
affidavit evidence of Mr Cheang, Ms Ooi and Mr Ngu was that they did not know
the Hotel was for sale or that Daisho had bought the Hotel until the sale was
made public around December 2013. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

2BAEIC 913; 4BAEIC 1838; 5BAEIC 2776.

It is not enough for Daisho to allege that A61 knew that AST2 was managed by a
fund (BlackRock) and so any and all assets owned by AST2 would be disposed of
shortly or by way of sale. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

POS at para 7.

Various factors, not least the prevailing economic conditions, would factor
into an entity’s decision on what to do with its assets.

74 It is also not foreseeable that a buyer would even take into consideration
advice given earlier on by a project’s architects, given the distinct
possibility that the buyer would conduct its own due diligence when purchasing
a premium five-star hotel (such as the Hotel) as a matter of good corporate
governance. I note that due diligence was in fact done in this case, and as
explained further below, Daisho’s advisers could easily have noticed the Use
Restrictions. An architect could reasonably expect a buyer to approach the
deal carefully because of the potential repercussions in this extremely high
value transaction. Mr Kohda stated in his affidavit that he had seen the Draft
Budget, which indicated revenue from both residents and non-residents. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Kohda’s affidavit at para 33.

This should have piqued his curiosity, since on his own evidence he had not
come across any five-star hotel that was not open to the public (which would
necessitate a distinction between residents and non-residents). But he failed
to probe further or direct his advisers to study this limitation of the Hotel
despite its potential significance. Daisho would have had to analyse the
implications of the Advice and Use Restrictions on the profitability and
revenue income of the Hotel during its operation. Daisho would also have had
to ascertain the extent to which the Advice and Use Restrictions would affect
the potential value of the Hotel. This also would have allowed Daisho to
negotiate with AST2 for a lower selling price for the Hotel because of the Use
Restrictions, or decide to back out of the SPA.

75 Daisho argues that because there was no expectation on AST2’s part to carry
out any due diligence after receiving the Advice, there could be no obligation
for Daisho to carry out due diligence when that advice reached Daisho. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PRS at para 19.

This argument is naïve and fundamentally flawed as caveat emptor and corporate
governance require Daisho, as purchaser of the Hotel, to conduct proper and
comprehensive due diligence before the endorsement of the SPA.

Proximity

76 Daisho has also not satisfied the proximity criteria.

77 Firstly, there is no circumstantial proximity. A61 was not in any
antecedent relationship with Daisho. It had been engaged to act as architect
by AST2 for the Development, part of which formed the Hotel. Several years
later, in a separate transaction, AST2 contracted to sell the Hotel to Daisho.
There was no direct or indirect contact between A61 and Daisho at any relevant
juncture, be it during the negotiation of the SPA, the Tour or review of the
Draft Budget. Thus, it is inconceivable that Daisho, the buyer of the Hotel,
would believe A61 owe any duty or responsibility towards Daisho, particularly
because the SPA was conducted on an arm’s length and caveat emptor basis.

78 Secondly, there was no voluntary assumption of responsibility by A61. As
mentioned above, A61 could not have known that its advice would be made
available to persons in Daisho’s position because it did not even know the
Hotel was going to be sold. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

2BAEIC913; 4BAEIC1838; 5BAEIC2776.

Even if A61 had known that the Hotel would eventually be sold, A61 cannot be
said to have assumed responsibility for advice that is passed on to the
prospective buyer without further consultation or discussion with it. In this
regard, Mr Cheang testified that his understanding was that “[i]n the normal
course of our practice, fulfilling our work scope responsibilities of our
client, we give our advice to our client for the clients” [emphasis added].
100

##### Foot Note 100

×

7/11/19 NE 41.

An architect gives advice within the confines of its relationship with its
client, tailored to the facts and at a specific point in time. While that
advice can be said to “belong to” the client in the sense of being
commissioned by the client (who is free to do as it pleases, including passing
it to a third party), that does not mean the architect assumes responsibility
to parties to whom that advice is conveyed by the client, without the
architect being consulted or giving further input. Circumstances change and
advice that might have been appropriate when it was given to the client can
become obsolete by the time the client passes it on. The architect cannot, by
any stretch, be taken to have assumed responsibility for the advice to the
third party at a later date. Seen in that light, a claim for economic loss
arising from negligent misstatement differs materially from a claim for
physical damage arising from negligent construction, or even economic loss
arising from negligent construction (in the sense of expenses incurred to
rectify damage, see RSP Architects Planners & Engineers (formerly known as
Raglan Squire & Partners FE) v MCST Plan No 1075 and anor [1999] 2 SLR(R) 134
at [12]).

79 For this reason, the case of Hunt and others v Optima (Cambridge) Ltd and
others [2014] EWCA Civ 714 (“Hunt”) cited by Daisho is distinguishable. In
Hunt, the claimant purchasers of flats sued the builders and the architects
because of defective building works. The builders had engaged the architects
to inspect the buildings and issue certificates for the flats for the benefit
of the purchasers and their lenders. The claimants alleged that the
certificates amounted to negligent misstatements that founded a cause of
action in tort. The English Court of Appeal held, reversing the findings of
the trial judge, that the claim in negligent misstatement had to fail because
there was no reliance on the certificates (the certificates had post-dated
exchange and completion by the claimants). For our purposes, Hunt does not
assist Daisho in establishing proximity because there the architects had
issued certificates specifically for the benefit of the purchasers and their
lenders and the court had found the architects knew the purchasers were likely
to receive a draft of the certificate. In this case I have found that A61 did
not and could not be expected to know that any advice it rendered would be
passed on to Daisho, the buyer of the Hotel.

80 Daisho relies on the evidence of Mr Choy, Mr Rada, Mr Kohda and Mr Kikuchi
to argue that A61 knew or should have known its advice would be made available
to Daisho. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

POS at para 15.

This would not advance Daisho’s case unless their evidence suggests that they,
ie, AST2 or Daisho, had conveyed to A61 that Daisho was a prospective buyer
who would receive the advice. But Mr Kohda admitted that Daisho was unaware of
the Advice. I also do not accept Daisho’s argument that “[A61] knew that
[Daisho] would be relying on the advice given by [A61]”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS at para 46.

Quite the opposite.

81 Thirdly, there is no evidence that A61 knew that Daisho would rely on the
Advice if given. To the contrary, A61 cannot be faulted if it were to expect
purchasers in such high-value and arm’s length land transactions to conduct
their own due diligence. Crucially, Mr Kikuchi for Daisho accepted during
cross-examination that A61 would expect the buyer of the Hotel to have
conducted due diligence. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

6/11/19 NE 121.

This takes the force out of Daisho’s counsel’s submission that there is no
market practice when it comes to matters of due diligence. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCS at para 68.

82 Before leaving this point on proximity, I would like to comment on two
clauses that A61 relies on. The first is cl 11 of the MOA, a confidentiality
clause. A61 argues that because of cl 11, A61 would not expect any advice they
gave to AST2 to be made available to third parties. I do not agree with this
submission as cl 11 does not impose reciprocal duties of confidentiality on
both A61 and AST2. This clause imposes a unilateral obligation on A61 not to
disclose information on the Project. In other words, nothing in the clause
prevents AST2 from doing what it pleases with the advice it commissioned.
Clause 11 of the MOA states:

11\. CONFIDENTIALITY RELATING TO THE WORKS

11.01 All information on the Project is confidential and shall not be
disclosed by the Architect [A61] to any other person, firm or Company with
exception to the Employer’s consultants and contractors engaged to perform
works for this Project. [emphasis added]

83 The second is cl 23.2 of the SPA, an entire agreement clause that A61
claims precludes Daisho from relying on any representations by A61 or AST2.
That clause states:

23\. Entire agreement

23.1 This Agreement, together with the Transaction Documents and any other
documents referred to in this Agreement or any Transaction Document,
constitutes the whole agreement between the parties and supersedes any
previous arrangements or agreements between them relating to the Sale.

23.2 Each party confirms that it has not entered into this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document on the basis Of any representation, warranty,
undertaking or other statement whatsoever by another party or any of its
Related Persons which is not expressly incorporated into this Agreement or the
relevant Transaction Document, and that, to the extent permitted by law, a
party will have no right or remedy in relation to action taken in connection
with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document other than pursuant to
this Agreement or the relevant Transaction Document.

Leaving aside Daisho’s point that this clause was not pleaded, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PRS at para 21.

it is unclear whether the entire agreement clause precludes reliance by Daisho
on alleged misrepresentations in tort in proceedings taken out against a third
party (ie, A61) to the SPA. Be that as it may, these two different provisions
are not directly relevant and will not affect the outcome of this case.

Policy considerations

84 In any case, policy considerations would have negated any prima facie duty
of care on A61. In negligence cases, there is always a concern of opening the
floodgates of liability if the scope of the duty of care is drawn too widely.
Therefore, the court must guard against the spectre of imposing liability “in
an indeterminate amount for an indeterminate time to an indeterminate class”:
RSP Architects Planners & Engineers v Ocean Front Pte Ltd and another appeal
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 653 at [75]. Precisely that danger would arise in this case if
a duty of care to Daisho were imposed on A61, because that would mean A61
potentially owes a duty to any buyer of the Hotel down the road, no matter how
far removed in time or space, as long as the purported Advice is transmitted
to that buyer.

85 The second policy consideration against imposing a duty of care on A61 is
that doing so would undermine the rule of caveat emptor. The rule of caveat
emptor is “[t]he general rule in contracts for the sale of land” save for a
vendor’s duty to disclose latent defects of title: Indian Overseas Bank v
Cheng Lai Geok [1991] 2 SLR(R) 574 at [46]. A61 points out that in the
Arbitration Daisho accepted that caveat emptor applied to Daisho. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DOS at para 26; DBD1456 at para [c].

I accept A61’s submission that the exceptions to the caveat emptor rule are
not engaged here, these being misrepresentation amounting to fraud or where a
vendor has failed to disclose latent defects of title. In Huang Ching Hwee v
Heng Kay Pah and another [1992] 3 SLR(R) 452, the Court of Appeal held that
breaches of planning regulations would not make the title defective unless
enforcement action has been taken by regulatory bodies. In this case, the
Advice would not constitute latent defective title to the Hotel as the URA has
not taken any action despite being aware of the breaches of the Use
Restrictions.

86 Therefore, I would have found that A61 does not owe Daisho a duty of care
to provide accurate advice regarding the Use Restrictions.

Has Daisho proven causation?

87 Even if A61 owed Daisho a duty of care to provide accurate advice regarding
the Use Restrictions and breached this duty by providing the Advice to AST2 in
the first instance (as Daisho contends), Daisho would have failed to establish
causation.

88 A61 argues that Daisho’s lack of knowledge of the Use Restrictions is a
novus actus interveniens that breaks the chain of causation because Daisho
could have discovered the Use Restrictions if it had not itself been remiss at
the due diligence exercise. I find that this was indeed the case.

The issue on novus actus interveniens

89 I do not accept Daisho’s submission that A61’s reliance on novus actus
interveniens was legally incorrect.

90 Daisho first argues that an omission on Daisho’s part to conduct proper due
diligence, after A61 has set in motion a “train of events” by its negligent
act of giving the Advice, cannot be an intervening act. To find otherwise
would allow a defendant to say that “I have done wrong. If you do not catch
me, then the failure on your part to catch me is an intervening act”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PCS at paras 50–53.

The central question is simply whether the plaintiff’s failure to conduct
proper due diligence is so unreasonable as to be regarded as the sole
effective cause of its injury: Law of Torts in Singapore at para 06.076.

91 Daisho’s second argument is that there is no “factual basis” for alleging a
requirement for Daisho to conduct due diligence. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PCS at paras 53–57.

However, as stated earlier, Mr Kikuchi conceded that purchasers in such high-
value and arms’ length land transactions are expected to conduct their own due
diligence. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

6/11/19 NE 121.

92 Finally, Daisho argues that allowing A61 to rely on Daisho’s failure to
conduct due diligence properly would mean A61 is never liable. If Daisho had
done proper due diligence it would not have relied on A61’s purported
negligent advice; conversely if Daisho had not done proper diligence then
Daisho itself would be at fault. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCS at paras 59–62.

In this case, it is ironic that Daisho had failed to exercise adequate due
diligence and has not come to terms with this lapse and yet Daisho now tries
to pin the blame on others like A61. I shall next explain why I found Daisho’s
actions to be so unreasonable as to break the chain of causation.

The LOUs, FGWP and plans attached to the SPA

93 Regardless of whether Daisho was actually told by AST2 of the Use
Restrictions, it could have acquired the knowledge about the Use Restrictions
in at least two instances: (a) through reviewing the LOUs as part of its due
diligence; or (b) through reviewing the FGWP as part of its due diligence.

94 I begin with the LOUs. Daisho claims that there was no physical data room
and the LOUs were not found in the virtual data room. A61’s position is that
there was a physical data room in which the First LOU and the Second LOU could
be found.

95 I find that there was indeed a physical data room containing the First LOU
and the Second LOU. The Court of Appeal judgment in the Fresh Evidence
Applications specifically affirms this. The Tribunal had also found that
“There was a room at [AST2’s] office which contained all documents referable
to the project. Its label as a ‘physical data room’ is not material to the
issues in the arbitration”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DCB768; 6/11/9 NE 39.

Despite these findings from the Court of Appeal and the Tribunal, Mr Kohda
maintained that there was no physical data room at all. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

5/11/19 NE 134–135.

It is unclear, however, if Mr Kohda was simply quibbling on labels because he
also said there was a “meeting room with cabinet” that EC Harris could use and
where AST2 would bring him any documents he required upon request. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

5/11/19 NE 140.

This means that AST2 would provide any documents to Daisho regardless of
whether or not there was a “physical data room” that was labelled as such.
Daisho’s argument may be semantic but what is important is substance over
form. Essentially, Mr Kohda admitted that AST2 would furnish any documents
upon request. Thus, AST2 did not refuse any request for documents from Daisho.

96 But even assuming there was no physical data room and that the LOUs were
not in the virtual data room, Daisho has not made out its case. Mr Kohda
accepted 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

5/11/19 NE 136–138, 148, 151.

that it was AST2’s responsibility to ensure that Daisho and its advisers had
access to all relevant documents for due diligence purposes. Given that
documents relating to the Use Restrictions would be very relevant to Daisho at
that time, if AST2 did not disclose documents relating to the Use Restrictions
to Daisho it would be AST2’s fault. If the documents on the Use Restrictions
(in particular, the First LOU and the Second LOU) were shown to Daisho’s
advisers (WongP, EC Harris or Aylmer) Daisho would have expected its advisers
to bring these documents to its attention. Daisho accepted that if the
documents were in the data room but its advisers missed them or failed to
appreciate their significance the fault would lie with these advisers.
Therefore, in these circumstances A61 was not at fault.

97 Turning then to the FGWP, Mr Kohda stated that he first saw this document
around the last Friday of November 2013 (before the SPA was signed). He
alleged that he only had the FGWP and not the attached plans. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

5/11/19 NE 153.

The Tribunal had found that the FGWP was uploaded to the virtual data room
without the plans. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DCB768.

But Mr Kohda conceded that it would be usual to attach the approved plans, and
any adviser looking at this document would know there were plans attached.
Looking at the FGWP, it would be Daisho’s advisers’ duty to check the approved
plans. If there were plans that may be relevant but not in the data room, the
advisers would have a duty to ask for them. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

6/11/19 NE 2–3.

Likewise it would not be A61’s fault.

98 I note that there were plans indicating “for hotel staff and guest use
only” attached to the SPA. These were originally A1 size drawings that were
scanned and shrunk to A3 size, for inclusion in the SPA. Upon looking at these
plans I find, contrary to Mr Kohda’s view, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

6/11/19 NE 58–59.

that the words indicating the Use Restrictions are legible, even though the
plans had been coloured over (the plans were intended to demarcate which areas
belonged to the Westin Hotel). This dovetails with the Tribunal’s finding that
the annotations that indicated the Use Restrictions are “mostly readily
legible on the drawings”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DCB709 at para 103.

However, I did not place much weight on this factor considering that the
Tribunal had also found that this set of plans could not have affixed Daisho
with knowledge of the restrictions, because the relevant parties were not
thinking of those restrictions at the time they looked at the drawings (which
had been included for a different purpose). 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCB709–710.

In other words, the Tribunal opined that the Use Restrictions were not in
Daisho’s contemplation when it signed the SPA.

Advice from EC Harris and WongP

99 The above begs the question why Daisho failed to find out about the Use
Restrictions despite having multiple opportunities to do so and being advised
by its advisers (EC Harris, WongP and Aylmer).

100 It is possible that Daisho had fallen into its own false sense of security
because BlackRock was a “reputable company”, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

5/11/19 NE 157.

hence did not instruct its advisers to dig further into the correspondence and
records, which would have revealed the Use Restrictions (it is a separate
question – that does not arise in these proceedings – whether its advisers
ought to have investigated of their own accord, without any express
instructions from Daisho). The following portion of Mr Kohda’s cross-
examination is revealing of how Daisho had simply assumed that all was well:
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

6/11/19 NE 54.

Q: … I’m saying you saw this letter, you saw a reference to annotations, would
you have expected WongPartnership or your experts -- sorry, your advisers to
go and check the actual approved drawings -- actual approved plans by the URA?
"Yes" or "no".

A: Personally, no, because this letter was issued 2019 and … -- I'm sorry,
2009 and 2010, three years -- three or four years ago, from the -- our due
diligence. So our reasonable assumption was all -- everything about GFA issue
was solved before TOP was given.

[emphasis added]

Mr Kohda had also explained in re-examination that he was comfortable buying
property from BlackRock because BlackRock was regulated by US banking law: 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

6/11/19 NE 94–95.

A: … end of November 2013, but, actually, 3 December 2013. That time, the
hotel under BlackRock -- the Westin Hotel under BlackRock's ownership has been
opened already. Then we understand that BlackRock is -- AST2/BlackRock is
restrict -- strictly regulated by United States banking law, so they cannot
violate any type of local law, that I understand. So this background even I
don't imagine they are complying -- not complying anything.

Q: Not complying anything?

A: Any -- any -- I was comfortable if we buy something from BlackRock, they
are -- you know, they are biggest company -- one of the biggest banking firm,
and they -- they don't do something strange.

Q: Strange? What do you mean by strange?

A: Strange, something wrong.

101 It was also significant that due diligence lasted for about only six to
eight weeks, because Daisho wanted to complete the due diligence process
before the end of 2013 to avail itself of tax savings of between $30m and $40m
in Japan. While Mr Kohda and his expert, Ms Chee, opined that this was the
right length of time, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

5/11/19 NE 134–135.

this was contradicted by WongP’s own observation and A61’s expert, Mr Hecker.
WongP in an email dated 22 November 2013, opined that this was a “tight
timeline”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

BAEIC911 at para 85 (Mr Cheang’s affidavit and supporting exhibit).

102 I also notice that there appears to have been some confusion amongst the
advisers over who exactly was in charge of what:

(a) On 13 November 2013, WongP emailed Mr Kohda stating: 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCB219–220.

(d) Legal requisition reply from the URA

…

… we would mention that under the terms of the State Lease … in respect of the
Property, the development of the Property shall:

…

(iv) be in accordance with the plans approved or to be approved by the
Competent Authority under the Planning Act.

With regard to item (iv), we would mention that there were several documents
which were provided by the Vendor [ie, AST2] in the data room, relating to
permits and permissions from the URA and the Building Control Authority
(including hotel architectural drawings, hotel M&E drawings and hotel
structural drawings) as well as hotel assets (i.e. FFE and OS&E) for which you
should have your consultants review. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

However, Daisho did not instruct either Aylmer or EC Harris to look at the
approved plans. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

6/11/19 NE 36.

Mr Kohda agreed that if Daisho had followed WongP’s advice, its advisers would
have seen the approved plans and become aware of the Use Restrictions. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

6/11/19 NE 36–37.

(b) On 29 November 2013, WongP emailed EC Harris (copying Mr Kohda) asking EC
Harris to review the documents and confirm to Daisho that the GFA and minimum
component prescribed by the URA had been regularised: 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCB203–204.

Dear Alisdair [of EC Harris]

We note that [AST2] has recently uploaded new documents to the data room. As
many of these are of a technical nature, Simon [from Aylmer] has requested
that we check that EC Harris will be reviewing these documents.

These new documents are specifically found in the following sub-folders of the
data room:

…

We have requested Kohda-San to have BlackRock grant access to you for these
folders, but we understand that access can only be granted on Monday …

In particular, we draw your attention to two letters issued by the URA dealing
with Gross Floor Area (“GFA”) (please see attached). … One of these letters
from URA to [A61] dated 22 October 2009 states that (i) the GFA as verified by
the Competent Authority has exceeded the maximum GFA of 113,580 sqm for the
site, and (ii) the minimum Hotel quantum (at least 25% of 113,580 sqm for
Hotel uses) is also not met. The other letter dated 20 July 2010 makes
reference to the submission of a full set of GFA plans. These letters are all
dated prior to the issuance of the Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) and we
are aware from replies dated 22 October 2013 to our legal requisitions from
URA (please see attached) that a recent proposal for the regularisation of GFA
and erection of 46-storey building was approved by URA on 10 October 2013.

We had, in view of the above requested [AST2] to let us have copies of (a) the
follow-up correspondences between URA and the architects and (b) the said
proposal and approval from URA. [AST2] has replied to our requests for these
documents that these issues have been resolved by the issuance of the TOP and
that the Grants of Written Permission have already been uploaded to the data
room. In this regard, we attach copies of the TOP and Grants of Written
Permission for your review.

With this information and with the various documents which you may have come
across in your due diligence exercise, would you be able to confirm to Daisho
that the GFA and minimum component prescribed by the authorities have been
fulfilled/regularised?

[emphasis added]

Interestingly, Mr Kohda’s view, as stated in cross-examination, was that the
responsibility to review correspondence with the authorities lay with WongP
and not EC Harris, since he appointed EC Harris as mechanical consultants. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

5/11/19 NE 143–144.

He maintained this in the face of EC Harris’s report that listed, under
“Documents Reviewed”, “Grant of Written Permission” amongst other things. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PBD500.

However, he had taken a different position in the Arbitration where he
explained that he expected both WongP and EC Harris to review the terms of
planning permission for the Development. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

DCB703 (Award at para 97[ii]).

(c) EC Harris replied to WongP on 2 December 2013 at 2.28pm, stating that
while it believed the correct statutory approval had been obtained, given the
issues in 2009 regarding Hotel GFA, a legal opinion on whether the building
had any pending issues had to be formulated by Daisho’s legal counsel: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DCB203.

For the TOP to be granted a number of different documents need to be submitted
by the developer. These include, amongst other things, Copies of Written
Permission issued by the URA and As-built plans where any deviations from the
approved building plans are highlighted. Although some of the as-built
drawings were available at the time of our inspection, not all were, so we
cannot confirm what information was passed provided as part of the TOP
process. However, we would note that the granting of TOP is one step away from
granting the Certificate of Statutory Completion which is the final
certificate in the development process and which to date has not been issued.
The Legal Requisition reply would infer by the planning proposal on 10 October
2013 was approved with no adverse remarks. Given the presence of the Legal
Requisition document from the URA and the TOP certificate, we believe that the
correct statutory approval steps have been taken but given the issues noted in
2009, we believe that a legal opinion on whether the building has any pending
issues needs to be formulated by Daisho's legal counsel. [emphasis added]

(d) In the same email chain, EC Harris again wrote to WongP on 2 December 2013
at 10.41pm, stating it might be a good idea to check the “close out” of the
issue by A61 with AST2: 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DCB192.

The approval process in Singapore tends to have an iterative approach
therefore with the TOP in place, we would not consider there to be any pending
matters in relation to planning approvals however as you rightly point out, it
may be a good idea to check the close out of this particular issue by A61 with
the vendor to satisfy yourself that the matter is no longer an issue.
[emphasis added]

103 Accordingly, I find that Daisho has not proven causation. A61’s purported
provision of the Advice did not cause AST2 to conduct the Tour in the way it
did or forward the Draft Budget. Nor did A61’s purported provision of the
Advice cause Daisho’s alleged lack of knowledge regarding the Use
Restrictions.

104 For completeness, I also deal with an information package that Mr Kohda
was sent (to solicit interest in the purchase of the Hotel) by Mr Dennis
Turner of Aylmer. Mr Kohda alleges in his affidavit that “[t]he second
information package entitled ‘Asia Square Tower 2 Information Pack’ further
described the property as a ‘5 Star Westin Hotel’. To me, a ‘5 Star Westin
Hotel’ entails that the Relevant Facilities were to be open for use by members
of the public as well as hotel residents” [emphasis in original omitted;
emphasis added]. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

1BAEIC4 at para 13.

Quite apart from who this package was created by and intended for (apparently
this was a “solicitor’s report from Blake Dawson addressed to Mr Jeremy Choy”
136

##### Foot Note 136

×

1BAEIC4 at para 12.

), there was no support for Mr Kohda’s view that the definition of a five-star
hotel meant its facilities had to be open for public use. He acknowledged that
this was only his personal opinion. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

5/11/19 NE 115–116.

105 Given my findings above, it is unnecessary to deal with whether Daisho was
contributorily negligent (A61 had pleaded this in the alternative). 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Defence at para 27.

It is also unnecessary to deal with the issue of whether Daisho suffered any
actionable damage.

Conclusion

106 In summary, I have found that A61 did not owe Daisho a duty of care; that
A61 did not give any of the alleged Advice; and that even if A61 had given any
of the Advice Daisho was unaware of it; assuming Daisho was aware of the
alleged Advice this did not cause Daisho to act as it did.

107 This was an unfortunate case where Daisho at every opportunity overlooked
the Use Restrictions, but this is not by any stretch A61’s fault. How could it
possibly be A61’s fault when it did not give the alleged Advice to AST2? This
explains Mr Kohda’s position that Daisho was unaware of the alleged Advice.

108 The evidence is overwhelmingly stacked against Daisho. Clearly, Daisho has
no case against A61 and its claim must be dismissed. Unfortunately, this suit
is merely the latest salvo in Daisho’s long-running witch hunt to pin the
blame on someone else for its purchase of the Hotel. I award the costs of
these proceedings, to be agreed or taxed, to A61.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Gabriel Peter, Loh Jia Le and Loshini d/o Shanker (Gabriel Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff;  
Thio Shen Yi, SC, Kishan Pillay s/o Rajagopal Pillay, Thara Rubini Gopalan and
Tan Yan Ting, Tanya (TSMP Law Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

