Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 149

Originating Summons No 455 of 2020

In the Matter of Section 211B(1) of the Companies Act  
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)

| PT MNC Investama TBK  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

BRIEF GROUNDS

[Insolvency Law] — [Moratoria]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re PT MNC Investama TBK

[2020] SGHC 149

High Court — Originating Summons 455 of 2020  
Aedit Abdullah J  
4 June 2020

23 July 2020

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 These are brief grounds issued to assist interested parties as to the
reasoning of the Court in granting an extension of a moratorium under s 211B
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”). In particular, I
focus on my finding that the applicant company (the “Applicant”) had the
requisite standing to make the application for such an extension.

Brief background

2 The Applicant, which is listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange, is an
investment company holding interests in various industries, including media,
financial services, lifestyle property, and energy, through various
subsidiaries. In 2018, pursuant to an Indenture dated 11 May 2018, the
Applicant issued USD$231,000,000 worth of 9% Senior Secured Notes, due in May
2021 (the “Notes”). These Notes, importantly for the purposes of the present
case, are listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange. They are secured by moneys
in a debt service account, and pledges of shares in some of the Applicant’s
subsidiaries.

3 The 2020 Coronavirus pandemic has apparently gravely affected the Applicant
and its subsidiaries, engendering a significant decrease in income and
increasing the repayment burden under the Notes. The increased repayment
burden is explicable on the basis that the Applicant’s income is primarily
denominated in Indonesian Rupiah (“IDR”) while its liabilities are in US
Dollars (“USD”), with the latter having appreciated against the IDR over the
course of the pandemic. The Applicant was therefore unable to top up the
amount in the aforementioned debt servicing account prior to the making of an
interest payment due in May 2020, though it did release funds from that
account in order to meet the said interest payment. Put in other words, the
debt servicing account has been drawn-down to pay the May 2020 interest
payment, and has not been topped up to its initial levels. The failure to top
up the debt servicing account is a failure on the part of the Applicant to
meet its obligations under the Notes.

4 Given its financial difficulties, the Applicant intends to propose a scheme
of arrangement under s 210(1) of the Companies Act. It therefore sought the
moratorium which is the subject of the present application to protect it while
negotiations are ongoing. A video meeting was held with some noteholders in
May 2020, at which there was some discussion of the present difficulties faced
by the Applicant and its subsidiaries, as well as of potential future courses
of action. Some matters relating to potential future courses of action remain
under discussion with the noteholders.

5 Subsequent to the Applicant filing this application, it sought an
adjournment of the hearing of this application as a number of its noteholders
wanted time to consider their position with respect to the moratorium
extension. However, I turned down the Applicant’s request for an adjournment
and interim extension as that would functionally have been an extension of the
automatic moratorium without the statutory requirements for such an extension
having been fulfilled beforehand. Instead, I required the company to establish
that it had met those requirements before any extension was granted.

6 In the event, I was so satisfied, and granted a two month extension of the
moratorium until August 2020. These brief grounds will only touch on the
question of the legal standing of the Applicant, a foreign company, to apply
for a moratorium under s 211B of the Companies Act.

Standing

7 The Applicant argued that it fulfilled the requirements under the Act and
had a substantial connection to Singapore through a number of factors. I
accepted that the Applicant was indeed eligible to apply for protection under
s 211B of the Companies Act, particularly as the Notes were traded on an
exchange in Singapore.

The statutory framework

8 Section 211B of the Companies Act does not itself specify which companies
are eligible to seek a moratorium. Rather, s 211A(1) of the Companies Act
provides that ss 211B to 211J “only apply to a case that involves a compromise
or an arrangement between a company and its creditors …” Section 211A(3) in
turn defines a company for the purposes of s 211B as “any corporation liable
to be wound up under [the Companies Act].” Companies which are prescribed by
the Minister are excluded from being able to seek a moratorium under s 211B of
the Companies Act, but no such exclusion operates against the Applicant.

9 Winding-up is governed by Part X of the Companies Act. The provisions apply
to companies, which as defined under the Act are companies which are
incorporated under the Act or pursuant to any corresponding previous written
law: s 4 of the Companies Act. The Applicant, being incorporated in Indonesia
and not under the Act, would thus not qualify under the general provisions.
However, as argued by the Applicant, s 351 of the Companies Act governs the
winding up of companies not registered under the Act. This includes the
Applicant, which is not thus registered. Section 351(1)(d) of the Companies
Act provides that foreign (unregistered) companies may be wound up in
Singapore only if they have a substantial connection with Singapore.

10 The Applicant therefore had to make out that it has a substantial
connection to Singapore, which would then render it liable to be wound up
under s 351 of the Companies Act, and therefore eligible for moratorium
protection under s 211B of the said Act.

11 What a “substantial connection” within the meaning of s 351(1)(d) of the
Companies Act entails is not defined under the Act, but s 351(2A) provides
that:

For the purposes of subsection (1)(d), the Court may rely on the presence of
one or more of the following matters to support a determination that a foreign
company has a substantial connection with Singapore:

a) Singapore is the centre of main interests of the company;

b) the company is carrying on business in Singapore or has a place of business
in Singapore;

c) the company is a foreign company that is registered under Division 2 of
Part XI;

d) the company has substantial assets in Singapore;

e) the company has chosen Singapore law as the law governing a loan or other
transaction, or the law governing the resolution of one or more disputes
arising out of or in connection with a loan or other transaction;

f) the company has submitted to the jurisdiction of the Court for the
resolution of one or more disputes relating to a loan or other transaction.

Conclusions on standing

12 None of the factors explicitly listed as supporting the existence of a
substantial connection with Singapore could be invoked by the Applicant. In
particular, its business activities, control, and administration were
primarily situated in Indonesia. The Notes are governed by New York law. There
has also been no submission to Singapore law or invocation of Singapore law in
any dispute. Subsection (2A) is not, however, an exhaustive and definitive
list; that is, the indications of substantial connection for the purposes of s
351 are not closed. In furtherance of this point, the Applicant specifically
relied on the Notes being traded on the Singapore exchange as a consideration
bringing it within the ambit of s 351(1)(d) of the Companies Act.

13 Looking at the expressed list in s 351(2A) of the Companies Act, a
substantial connection clearly encompasses the presence of business
activities, control, and assets in Singapore. These activities involve some
permanence or permanent effect, and exclude activities of a merely transient
nature. Indications of submission or acceptance of Singaporean jurisdiction or
law would also be illustrative of a substantial connection with Singapore.
Taking the expressed list as a starting point, therefore, it may be analogised
that having the company securities traded on a Singapore exchange is akin to
substantial business activity that is not merely transient. Being subject to
Singapore regulations or laws in the listing of its securities is also a
strong indicator of a company’s substantial connection to Singapore. I
therefore accept that, on the facts of this case, the Applicant has a
substantial connection with Singapore within the meaning of s 351(1)(d) of the
Companies Act, and by extension, has the requisite standing to seek a
moratorium under s 211B of the said Act.

14 I note for completeness that the Applicant raised a number of other factors
to buttress its argument that it had a substantial connection with Singapore.
It pointed to the fact that the debt service account is situated in Singapore,
the fact that the Notes were arranged by Singapore-based banks, and the fact
that the account charge over the debt service account is governed by Singapore
law. As I have already found that the fact of the Applicant’s securities being
traded on the Singapore exchange would, in and of itself, suffice to establish
a substantial connection with Singapore for the purposes of s 351(1)(d) of the
Companies Act, I do not need to make any finding on the weight to be placed on
the factors outlined in this paragraph.

Miscellaneous issues on standing

15 I pause at this point to note that, in addition to its above-canvassed
arguments, the Applicant had also pointed to Re Pacific Andes Resources
Development Ltd [2018] 5 SLR 125 (“Pacific Andes”) to support its contention
that it had the requisite standing to seek a moratorium under s 211B of the
Companies Act.

16 In Pacific Andes, this Court held that, inter alia, the fact of the
applicant company’s listing on the Singapore stock exchange was sufficient for
jurisdiction to be established in respect of a s 210(10) Companies Act
moratorium. I note that, strictly speaking, what was found in Pacific Andes
was that the holding company had a sufficient connection or nexus to Singapore
because, among other things, it was listed in Singapore and conducted economic
activity here. It was also found that the raising of funds in Singapore by the
applicant company through the issuing of bonds was a further factor fortifying
the conclusion that a nexus with Singapore existed, notwithstanding the fact
that the bonds were governed by English law: Pacific Andes at [7] and [73].
Whether either of listing or the issuing of bonds alone and without the other
would be sufficient to give rise to sufficient nexus to Singapore was not
considered in that case.

17 I also note that Pacific Andes was decided in September 2016, before s
351(2A) of the Companies Act came into force, though whether or not that
militates towards the adoption or otherwise of the reasoning in Pacific Andes
is an open question.

18 In sum, what other considerations may suffice to constitute a “substantial
connection” with Singapore within the meaning of s 351(1)(d) of the Companies
Act would best be left to development in future cases. I note the decision of
the Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in In re Berau
Capital Resources Pte Ltd 540 BR 80 (Bankr SDNY 2015) that the applicant
company could file for recognition of its Singapore-based bankruptcy
proceedings in New York under Chapter 15 of the United States Bankruptcy Code
(“Bankruptcy Code”) despite not having a place of business in the United
States as would typically be required under s 109(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.
The Court found that the requirements of s 109(a) of the Bankruptcy Code were
nonetheless satisfied as the applicant in that case a) had deposited money to
retain New York lawyers, b) had US dollar-denominated debt issued under New
York law, with the choice of New York as the forum for disputes, and c) had an
agent to receive service in New York. It is an interesting question whether in
the same circumstances, a Singapore court would find that there was a
“substantial connection” with Singapore on any further ground beyond s
351(2A)(e) of the Companies Act, i.e. that there was a transaction governed by
Singapore law disclosed. However, as this issue does not squarely arise on the
facts, I will say no more at this point.

Other requirements

19 In relation to the other requirements for the moratorium sought, I was
satisfied that the other requirements as outlined in Re IM Skaugen SE and
other matters [2019] 3 SLR 979 have been met as well.

Conclusion

20 For the above reasons, I granted the orders sought. I note for completeness
that the Applicant withdrew its request for the second prayer at the oral
hearing, and that I therefore made no order in that regard.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Tan Mei Yen and Thenuga Vijakumar (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the applicant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

