Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 67

Civil Appeal No 130 of 2019 and Civil Appeal Summons No 36 of 2020

Between

YCH Distripark Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant / Appellant

And

The Collector of Land Revenue  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of AB 2012.036

Between

| YCH Distripark Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

The Collector of Land Revenue  
---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore judgment

[Land] — [Compulsory acquisitions] — [Compensation payable]

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Adducing fresh evidence on appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
YCH Distripark Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Collector of Land Revenue and another matter

[2020] SGCA 67

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 130 of 2019 and Summons No 36 of 2020  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Woo Bih Li J  
14 July 2020

14 July 2020

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 Having carefully considered the parties’ written as well as oral
submissions, we dismiss Civil Appeal No 130 of 2019 (“CA 130”) and Civil
Appeal Summons No 36 of 2020 (“SUM 36”).

2 By way of background, the Appellant, YCH Distripark Pte Ltd (“YCH”) was the
sub-lessee of a piece of property located at 30 Tuas Road, Singapore (“the
Property”) under a ten-year lease commencing from 25 July 2006. A declaration
was issued on 5 January 2011 (“the First Declaration”) under s 5 of the Land
Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Land Acquisition Act”) and
published in the Gazette on 11 January 2011 (“the First Gazette Date”) to
acquire part of the Property. Following discussions relating to difficulties
posed by the partial acquisition of the Property, the Collector of Land
Revenue (“the Collector”), who is the Respondent in this appeal, agreed to
acquire the whole of the Property. To this end, a second declaration was
issued on 30 December 2011 (“the Second Declaration”) and published in the
Gazette on 8 February 2012 (“the Second Gazette Date”).

3 The Collector awarded YCH compensation for relocation expenses and the
depreciated value of its Automated Storage and Retrieval System (“ASRS”), a
specialised system for automated storage and retrieval of pallets. The
Collector did not, however, award compensation for YCH’s lease interest in the
Property.

4 YCH appealed the Collector’s decision to the Appeals Board, which agreed
with the Collector that the lease interest should be valued as at the Second
Gazette Date. The Appeals Board found that the lease interest should be valued
by determining whether a profit rent accrued to YCH; this entailed deducting
the lease rent from the market rent. As the lease rent was found to be greater
than the market rent at the time, the lease interest was without value as at
the Second Gazette Date. The present appeal concerns the profit rent claimed.
YCH did not pursue its claim for a separate award in respect of the loss of 95
heavy vehicle parking lots.

5 There are there main issues in this appeal:

(a) First, whether YCH’s lease interest in the Property should have been
valued as at the First Gazette Date or as at the Second Gazette Date;

(b) Second, whether the lease rent should be determined using the actual gross
floor area (“GFA”) of the Property, or its “Market GFA”.

(c) Third, whether the Appeals Board erred in its determination of the
Property’s market rent.

CA 130 of 2019

Relevant date for valuation of lease interest

6 In our view, the Appeals Board rightly found the date for valuing YCH’s
lease interest in the Property to be the Second Gazette Date. This is so
notwithstanding the fact that the Appeals Board erroneously applied the 2016
version of the Land Acquisition Act.

7 YCH raises a total of five arguments in support of its case that the
relevant date for valuing its lease interest in the Property is that of the
First Gazette Date:

(a) first, s 49 of the 2010 Land Acquisition Act (which is the correct
version) does not require a fresh statutory notification for further
acquisition of impaired land;

(b) second, there are Indian authorities establishing that where there are two
statutory notifications issued to acquire land, the market value is to be
assessed at the date of the first notification;

(c) third, the use of the First Gazette Date is correct as a matter of
Parliamentary intent as it is the date on which detriment first accrued to YCH
due to the severance of its land;

(d) fourth, the use of any date other than that of the First Gazette Date
would render mechanisms under the 2010 Land Acquisition Act open to abuse; and

(e) fifth, such an interpretation would allow s 49 and s 50 of the 2010 Land
Acquisition Act to be read consistently.

8 We do not find these arguments to be persuasive. In our view, the relevant
date for the purposes of valuing YCH’s lease interest in the Property is that
of the Second Gazette Date. Under the 2010 Land Acquisition Act, the
government’s right to compulsorily acquire land is rooted in a declaration
issued pursuant to s 5 which identifies the land to be acquired. It is not
disputed between the parties that the Second Declaration was the only
declaration which accurately described the property eventually acquired by the
government.

9 Even if we were to accept that s 49 of the 2010 Land Acquisition Act
applies, we do not think that the acquisition of the Property could have been
carried out without a second declaration accurately identifying the land to be
acquired. In this regard, the decision in Bhagwandas Nagindas v Special Land
Acquisition Officer AIR 1915 Bom 15, which held that a subsequent acquisition
under the Indian Land Acquisition Act’s equivalent of s 49 required a further
declaration, better accords with the acquisition framework set out in the Act.
The decision in Saraswathi Printing Works v State of Mysore AIR 1974 Kant 125,
on the other hand, contains no justification for its finding that no further
declaration was required other than a reference to the Indian Supreme Court’s
decision in State of Bihar v Kundan Singh AIR 1964 SC 350, which actually does
not lend any support to such a position.

10 We are of the view that the decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council (on appeal from the High Court of Judicature at Rangoon) in Ma Sin and
Ors v Collector of Rangoon AIR 1929 PC 126, [1929] UKPC 15 (“Ma Sin”) is
applicable to the present case. In Ma Sin, an initial declaration to acquire a
parcel of land was followed by a second declaration purportedly cancelling the
first declaration and reducing the size of the land to be acquired. The Privy
Council found that the clear words of the second declaration had the effect of
cancelling the first declaration, and that the date of the second declaration
would be the operative date for valuing the acquired land. We do not think
that it makes a difference that the Second Declaration did not expressly state
that it cancelled the First Declaration, or that it enlarged rather than
reduced the size of the acquired land. It was implicit in the nature of the
Second Declaration that it superseded the First Declaration. After all, the
former covered both the land that was already slated to be acquired under the
First Declaration (but the government had yet to take possession of) and land
that was not included in the First Declaration. The letter dated 4 January
2012 sent by the Collector to YCH similarly evinced an intention that the
Second Declaration would be the basis on which the entire Property would be
acquired. Notably, s 23(1) of the Indian Land Acquisition Act as it then stood
set the date for the valuation of the acquired land as “the date of the
publication of the declaration relating thereto under section 6”. This is
similar to the regime in s 33 of the 2010 Land Acquisition Act, which places
the primary focus on the date of the declaration under s 5 for the purposes of
valuing acquired land.

11 We do not think that the decisions of Collector, Hanthawaddy v Sulaiman
Adamjee AIR 1941 Rang 225 and State of West Bengal v Bhutnath Chatterjee AIR
1965 Cal 620 assist YCH. Both of these decisions post-dated the amendments to
s 23(1) of the Indian Land Acquisition Act in Act XXXVII of 1923, which
changed the relevant date for valuation to “the date of the publication of the
notification under section 4, subsection (1)”. This would be the equivalent of
valuing acquired land on the date of the notification under s 3(1) of the 2010
Land Acquisition Act, which is only permitted by s 33 of the 2010 Land
Acquisition Act in the limited scenario that such a notification is indeed
issued and followed within six months by a s 5 declaration in respect of the
same land. The dissimilarities between s 23 of the post-amendment Indian Land
Acquisition Act and s 33 of the 2010 Land Acquisition Act limit the
applicability of these authorities in ascertaining the relevant valuation date
for the Property.

12 We are not persuaded by YCH’s remaining arguments. There is nothing in the
Parliamentary debates which would suggest that the operative date for
valuation be that of the First Gazette Date. While YCH submits that this was
the date on which it became publicly known that the Property was going to be
acquired, this is not entirely accurate. The First Declaration only made clear
that a portion of the Property was to be acquired, it was not until the Second
Declaration that it became public knowledge that the entire Property would be
acquired. At its highest, this argument is neutral as to the determination of
the relevant date for valuation.

13 As for the possibility of the valuation date being open to abuse, it is not
entirely clear to us how this would be possible. The main thrust of YCH’s
argument appears to be that adopting the Second Gazette Date would allow the
Collector to reduce compensation payable by delaying the issuance of a second
statutory declaration. In our view, adopting the First Gazette Date would not
be free of similar concerns. It could equally well be argued that the
Collector could just as easily lodge pre-emptive declarations when land prices
are low to preserve favourable prices for future acquisitions when the need
arises. Seen in this light, this argument is similarly neutral as to the
relevant date for valuation.

14 Finally, we do not think that the interpretation to be accorded to s 50 of
the 2010 Land Acquisition Act has any bearing on the present appeal. While the
government may have had the authority to acquire the Property without a
further declaration by invoking s 50, this was not what occurred on the facts
of the case. The Second Declaration was issued under s 5 of the 2010 Land
Acquisition Act to acquire the whole of the Property, and there is no question
that this was authorised under the Act.

15 In the circumstances, we find that the Appeals Board was correct in valuing
YCH’s lease interest in the Property as at the Second Gazette Date. This is so
notwithstanding the fact that it erroneously applied the wrong version of the
Land Acquisition Act.

Whether lease rent should be calculated on the basis of “Market GFA”

16 The next issue concerns whether the Appeals Board was correct in
calculating lease rent on the basis of actual GFA and in our judgment it was.
YCH argues that the “Market GFA” method should be adopted to add three
notional floors to its ASRS warehouse building because of the effective
storage capacity arising from its system, and thereby increase the size of the
Property for the purposes of calculating lease rent. This is because YCH had
constructed a warehouse, referred to as Block 7, which had a high ceiling
which could have, but did not, incorporate three additional floors. The
“Market GFA” would lead to a lower lease rent, which is determined by dividing
the total costs in leasing the Property by its size. YCH argues that the
“Market GFA” method is one which has been adopted in other proceedings under
the 2010 Land Acquisition Act, and also reflects the price at which a willing
vendor is willing to sell to a willing purchaser.

17 We do not think that there is any authority supporting the adoption of the
“Market GFA” method as proposed by YCH. In all of the cases cited to this
court purporting to apply the “Market GFA” method, it was used to calculate
the GFA of an existing second or higher floor of a multi-storey building, and
not to add notional floors to a building where none existed.

18 As for YCH’s argument that the “Market GFA” method reflects the price at
which a willing vendor is willing to sell to a willing purchaser, we do not
see how this logically supports its contention that Block 7 should be treated
as having four stories, when it in reality only has one. More significantly,
as was noted by the Appeals Board, there is no evidence that the “Market GFA”
approach has ever been adopted in the context of a lease of property in the
same circumstances. Indeed, YCH’s own expert witness conceded in the
proceedings below that there was no such market practice. Nor could YCH
produce evidence of any other rental quotation calculated on the basis of
“Market GFA”. The actual lease of the Property was also calculated on the
basis of actual GFA. This does not mean that the high ceiling of Block 7 is
irrelevant. It should be taken into account in determining the market rent and
the Appeals Board correctly proceeded to do this but inadvertently omitted to
factor it into its calculations as we elaborate later.

Whether the Appeals Board erred in its determination of the Property’s market
rent

19 The final issue pertains to whether the Appeals Board correctly determined
the Property’s market rent through the adoption of various adjustments to the
comparables put forth by YCH’s expert witnesses. We are of the view that there
is no basis to disturb the Appeals Board’s decision. YCH argues that the
Appeals Board erred in adopting a large number of adjustments to its expert
witnesses’ comparables based on the evidence of the Collector’s expert
witness. YCH focusses on two sets of adjustments in particular: (a) first, the
adjustments made on account of size differences; and (b) second, adjustments
made for differences in ceiling height.

20 As a starting point, we do not think that the authorities cited by YCH go
so far as to establish a general prohibition against the use of multiple
adjustments to comparables in determining the market rent of property. Much
would depend on the precise factual matrix before the court. Where, for
example, the property in question is unique with a lack of closely situated
comparables, we do not think that there is anything objectionable in the use
of multiple adjustments to determine the property’s market rent, so long as
cogent reasons are proffered for the adopted adjustments. The alternative,
which is to utilise dissimilar comparables without adjustment to ascertain a
property’s market rent, appears to us to be the less desirable approach. The
present appeal appears to be such a case as the Property was, by all accounts,
unusually large. The comparables put forth by the expert witnesses on both
sides were all substantially smaller than the Property, with the largest
comparable property on YCH’s side being slightly less than ten times smaller
based on actual GFA. With this in mind, we now turn to the Appeals Board’s
reasons for adopting the adjustments which it did.

21 In our judgment, the Appeals Board was entitled to make the adjustments
that it did to account for the size differences between the comparables put
forth by YCH’s expert witnesses and the Property. The Collector’s expert
witness’s evidence was that larger properties generally commanded lower rents
on a price per square foot or per square metre basis, and that a rule-of-thumb
adjustment factor of 10% would normally be applied for every doubling in GFA.
As against this, YCH’s expert witnesses opined that no adjustments should be
made due to the rarity of the Property, and that, if anything, a premium
should be ascribed to the Property. The Appeals Board rejected the evidence of
YCH’s expert witnesses as being speculative and unsupported by any authority.
Having considered the evidence, we do not see any reason to doubt its
reasoning.

22 The second set of adjustments relate to the differences in ceiling height.
The Appeals Board found that a 5% upward adjustment should be made to
properties with ceiling heights lower than the Property. The difficulty,
however, was that it omitted to include this adjustment in its final
calculation of market rent. We do not think that any prejudice was caused by
this omission as the re-calculated market rent taking into account this
adjustment would be $1.16 per sqf/month. This would still be lower than the
lease rent, which was calculated to be $1.20 per sqf/month.

23 In so far as YCH suggests that the Appeals Board’s oversight in failing to
include the adjustment for height in its final calculation of market rent
casts doubt on the other adjustments it applied, we are unable to accept this
argument. The Appeals Board thoroughly explained its reasons for the remaining
adjustments applied to the comparables put forth by YCH’s expert witnesses in
determining the Property’s market rent. YCH did not make any attempt to
demonstrate how the adjustments for age, location and provision of heavy
vehicle lots were erroneous. We have not been given any basis on which to
question the Appeals Board’s reasoning on these adjustments and thus affirm
its findings on the Property’s market rent.

Summons 36 of 2020

24 At this juncture, we briefly set out our reasons for disallowing the
application in SUM 36 to adduce further evidence in the form of three letters
from Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”), the head lessor of the Property, dating
from 2001 to 2003. In this correspondence, JTC agreed to treat the ASRS
warehouse on the Property as having three floors and other buildings with
ceiling heights above 12m as having two floors for the purposes of calculating
the Property’s plot ratio.

25 Following the approach set out by this court in Anan Group (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341, we are of the view
that the Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v Marshall”) test applied in
its strict form as the hearing before the Appeals Board bore all the
characteristics of a trial. The evidence sought to be adduced plainly did not
satisfy the criteria of non-availability as the letters had been in YCH’s
possession from the outset; the fact that YCH might not have foreseen their
relevance at the time could not justify their admission on appeal. We also do
not think that the evidence satisfied the criteria of relevance as they
related solely to the calculation of the Property’s plot ratio, and did not
appear to have any bearing on the calculation of YCH’s lease interest in the
Property. Given that there are no exceptional reasons to admit the evidence
notwithstanding the non-compliance of the Ladd v Marshall conditions, we
dismiss the application in SUM 36.

Conclusion

26 For the above reasons, we dismiss CA 130 and SUM 36. We will hear parties
on costs.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Woo Bih Li  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Nish Kumar Shetty, Krishna Elan, Lua Jing Ing Priscilla and  
Tan Tian Yi (Cavenagh Law LLP) (instructed), and Loh Tian Kai (Clifford Chance
Pte Ltd) for the appellant;

Jeyendran s/o Jeyapal, Tang Shangjun, Evans Ng and Lim Wei Wen Gordon
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

