Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 248

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9052 of 2020

Between

Rachel Ann Fernandez  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

ORAL JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Property]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rachel Ann Fernandez

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGHC 248

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9052 of 2020  
Aedit Abdullah J  
5 October 2020

13 November 2020 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 These are my brief remarks in respect of the Appellant’s appeal against a
sentence of seven months’ imprisonment imposed for a charge of cheating under
s 417 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). A charge of
forgery under s 471 read with s 465 of the Penal Code was taken into
consideration in sentencing.

2 In her plea of guilt, the Appellant admitted to the facts as follows. The
Appellant was first introduced to the victim by the victim’s sister. In March
2016, the Appellant deceived the victim that DBS Bank had an investment scheme
in gold bars giving a monthly return of 4%, over three months, with the gold
bars to be returned at the end of the investment period. The victim, believing
the representation, gave ten gold bars of 100g each to the appellant; the
value of the ten gold bars was agreed to be $56,000, with $2,240 to be paid
monthly for three months. The Appellant pawned the gold bars for $52,000. She
paid the victim the initial alleged “return” of $2,240 for the first month,
but no further payments were made. Despite persistent requests by the victim,
the Appellant did not return the gold bars. Thereafter, the Appellant
prevaricated and, among other things, sent the victim a fake e-mail,
purportedly from the CEO of DBS Bank, to justify a further delay in returning
the gold bars. The victim eventually filed a police report in February 2017.

3 The Appellant was charged. She pleaded guilty and her plea of guilt was
entered on 6 February 2020. Restitution in the amount of $56,000 was also
made. In the court below, the District Judge (“DJ”) imposed a sentence of
seven months’ imprisonment, finding that the custodial threshold had been
crossed and that, following Idya Nurhazlyn bte Ahmad Khir v PP and another
appeal [2014] 1 SLR 756, a substantial sentence should be imposed. The
sentencing considerations canvassed by the DJ included the fact that a) the
value involved was substantial, b) there had been abuse of the DBS brand and
impact on legitimate gold investment schemes, c) there was clear planning, and
d) the Appellant had pleaded guilty. A further sentencing consideration was
the restitution of $56,000, which was said to be a substantial mitigating
factor. While the DJ did not appear to have found that there was exploitation
of the victim’s age, he did describe the victim was elderly in his grounds of
decision, finding that the plea of guilt had saved an elderly victim from
having to give evidence in court. The victim was 63 years old at the time of
the Appellant’s conviction, and 60 at the time of the commission of the
offence

Summary of the Appellant’s Arguments

4 The Appellant argued for the imposition of a fine, or a combination of a
fine and imprisonment, given that restitution had been made, and because the
offending was alleged to be a one-off incident. Issue was taken with the DJ’s
determination that there would be impact on legitimate investment schemes, and
that an elderly victim had been targeted. It was pointed out that the victim
had worked as a relief teacher, and could not be said to have been a
vulnerable victim who was specifically targeted on account of her
vulnerability. Sentencing precedents such as PP v Lee Hwai San Adrian Matthew
[2018] SGDC 271 (“Lee Hwai San”) were also said to indicate that a lower
sentence on the instant facts was appropriate. In sum, a sentence of two
weeks’ imprisonment and a fine of $30,000 was submitted as being appropriate.

Summary of the Prosecution’s Arguments

5 The Prosecution argued that the sentence below should be maintained. The
precedents were said to indicate that sentences of between four and eight
months’ imprisonment should be imposed for losses between $1,000 and $15,000,
and that, generally, the custodial threshold is crossed when the offence is
committed for financial gain: Gan Chai Bee Anne v PP [2019] 4 SLR 838 (“Anne
Gan”). The DJ was said to have correctly applied the principles to conclude
that a substantial custodial sentence was warranted. Aggravating factors
featured in the misuse of the DBS Bank’s name, the planning and premeditation
which underpinned the offending behaviour, the exploitation of a vulnerable
victim, and the post-offence conduct by the Appellant. In comparison, the
mitigating factors were said to have limited weight. The plea of guilt was not
timely in that the Appellant only pleaded guilty two days before the start of
the trial. Further, while full restitution had been made, this did not show
genuine remorse given that it was made late in the day. I note for
completeness that the DJ did accept that mitigating weight should still be
given because the restitution had caused a reduction of the economic harm
engendered. Nonetheless, the Prosecution argued that the making of full
restitution does not negate the need for a custodial sentence.

6 The Prosecution further argued that two of the precedents relied upon by the
Appellant were unreported and did not have written grounds rendered, and were
in any event decided before the 2008 amendments to the Penal Code which
increased the relevant punishments.

7 The Prosecution instead submitted that the sentencing precedents indicated a
range of sentences of approximately three months’ imprisonment for cases
involving around $10,000, and four to five months’ imprisonment for amounts of
about $20,000 to $25,000. In light of these precedents, a sentence of seven
months’ imprisonment for the amount involved of $56,000 was appropriate.

Decision

8 While some factors were not properly weighted, I conclude that the sentence
should not be disturbed as it is, overall, appropriate.

Sentencing Approach

9 Of the various factors considered or argued for, I am primarily concerned in
these remarks with the age of the victim, the impact on the financial
industry, restitution, and premeditation or planning. I am also concerned that
parties and the sentencing court should be mindful of the need to consider
applicable factors carefully and not treat the sentencing process as one of
merely affixing labels without deeper consideration.

Vulnerability

10 While this was not a substantial plank on which the DJ rested his decision
on sentence, the Prosecution did argue that the victim, who was 60 at the time
of the offence, was a vulnerable victim because of her age.

11 A person being 60 cannot by itself show vulnerability. 60 is far too young
for that. There are many lawyers and judges who are in their 60s and are very
far from being vulnerable. The same holds true of most, if not all
professions.

12 In the context of cheating charges, for age to indicate vulnerability,
there would have to be an impact on mental faculties, or something to indicate
an increased dependency on others, or a proclivity to misplacing trust.
Someone being 60 is not automatically vulnerable in that regard; I am in fact
doubtful that even many at 70 or 75 could be, without more, so described. If
the assertion by the Prosecution is that there has been some exploitation of a
particular vulnerability present in someone of the age of 60, it should point
to that vulnerability specifically. Such vulnerability might take the form of
some mental illness, an unusual lack of expertise of understanding of ordinary
concepts, or a deterioration in mental abilities caused by the onset of some
disease. But, the Prosecution cannot ask the court to take a 60 year old as
being vulnerable to an offence of cheating without more. Where the Court may
more readily accept vulnerability because of age is where the crime involves
some physical threat or use of force. The Court would be willing to accept
that in general, in the absence of other evidence, a victim of 60 and above
would be physically vulnerable.

Threat to the financial industry, a financial institution or a facility

13 I am doubtful that there has been anything of a nature that would engage
this factor here. What the Appellant did was to use a letter purportedly in
the name of the Chief Executive of the DBS Bank. She had also told the victim
that the scheme in question was one that involved the DBS Bank.

14 The invocation of the names of personalities, corporate leaders, and
political leaders is not unknown and importantly not uncommon in cheating
cases. Neither is the use of the name of a recognised financial institution

15 It is clear that it is not every such invocation or use of the names of
prominent individuals or of existing financial institutions that would bring a
case within the ambit of the principle in PP v Fernando Payagala Waduge
Malitha Kuma [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 (“Payagala”). Payagala involved charges of
misappropriation of a credit card, as well as cheating through the fraudulent
use of that credit card. The Court in that case recognised at [19] that the
fraudulent use of a credit card increased the gravity of a cheating offence.
At [20], the Court further noted that:

Singapore’s standing as an international financial, commercial and transit hub
is premised upon its ability to ensure that financial transactions are easily
carried out and yet adequately safeguarded. The prevalence of credit card
offences will erode public confidence and could have a deleterious effect on
Singapore’s standing as a preferred destination for tourism, trade and
investment. To check the abuse of credit cards, a severe stance has to be
consistently adopted and applied against all credit card offenders, regardless
of whether they are citizens, residents or transient visitors. In the present
case, the respondent was a transit passenger in a Singapore airport. I stress
that deterrence should be of equal, if not greater, concern in such cases, as
short-term visitors to Singapore should not be permitted to take advantage of
and abuse the hospitality accorded and commercial opportunities available to
them.

16 The consideration in Payagala was of a threat to the international standing
of Singapore; prevalent credit card fraud would undermine Singapore’s tourism,
trade, and investment landscape by affecting genuine transactions. Credit card
fraud is pernicious since it can be hard to detect, both in respect of a)
forgeries, that is the use of counterfeit cards, as well as b) the use of
genuine cards by persons other than the actual cardholder. Measures taken to
combat either of these will likely affect the ease of use of credit cards and
undermine confidence in their use and acceptance. It is with that in mind that
general deterrence was merited for the credit card fraud committed in that
case, despite the offender being young and only in Singapore on transit.

17 However, that need to protect the general standing of Singapore, and to
safeguard financial transactions carried on in Singapore, is not triggered in
the present case. The actions of the Appellant are not the sort as to
undermine confidence in the financial system on a systemic level, and would
seem to be readily detectable. Genuine investment in genuine products would
likely not be discouraged by the criminal acts of the Appellant, reprehensible
though the Appellant’s acts may be. Nor would her acts conceivably affect the
reputation of the DBS Bank or its CEO: all the Appellant had to sustain her
assertion concerning DBS Bank were her words and a fake email, without even
anything like a DBS Bank letterhead. It may be otherwise if one were to
encounter a well-crafted fake website, or even fake brochures or other such
investment-linked paraphernalia.

Planning and premeditation

18 The DJ found that there had been some planning in the present case, and
that such planning was a factor which went towards sentencing. Certainly,
there had been some planning involved, but it was not something of the nature
as to attract a substantial increase in sentence. The level of sophistication
and preparation here did not indicate a markedly increased level of criminal
culpability, nor did it indicate any substantive degree of subterfuge or
premeditation.

Restitution

19 Even if full restitution is given, such restitution may be of limited
effect in showing remorse, and really only goes to reducing the economic harm
caused. Here the DJ found, citing Anne Gan, that where economic harm is
reduced, late restitution would still be mitigatory. I would note however that
the Chief Justice’s consideration of the issue in Anne Gan was made in the
context of a situation where there was no intention on the part of the accused
to personally benefit, and it may be that the overall effect of late
restitution as regards offenders who have benefited personally would have to
be considered more fully on another occasion.

Labelling

20 At this juncture, I would like to highlight that parties and Judges all
have to be careful in how they approach sentencing submissions. Sentencing is
not an exercise in labelling or slotting features into categories of
aggravating and/or mitigating factors. Taxonomy should not take centre-stage
in sentencing for its own sake. Where particular facts are relied upon to
evidence either aggravating or mitigating considerations, regard must be had
to the actual ambit of the facts and their relevance, purpose, and function in
the sentencing process. Labelling a particular fact as showing ‘old age’,
‘vulnerability’ or ‘misuse of a financial instrument’ without going deeper
would rarely be useful, and often, as is the case here, might actually be
unhelpful. In determining the appropriate sentence, Judges should carefully
weigh and consider how these factors are actually in play in the cases before
them.

Sentencing Precedents.

21 No sentencing framework has yet been laid down for offences of this nature.
This is not to my mind, however, an appropriate case for such a framework to
be laid down. It is sufficient in this case to consider how the current
circumstances sit alongside the precedents relied upon by both sides. The
primary considerations in this regard are:

(a) The quantum involved;

(b) The effect of the restitution; and

(c) The weight that can be attributed to the plea of guilt.

I note in addition that the DJ had accepted that the victim was vulnerable
because of her age, and that there had been an impact on the financial system
which was aggravating. As has been noted above, I was not convinced that,
based on the evidence, these factors were actually engaged on the instant
facts.

22 I will consider in these remarks only some of the precedents cited, and in
particular those which I find most useful to comment on. I note in PP v Chen
Young Ja [2014] SGDC 454, a total of 5 months’ imprisonment was imposed
following the accused’s plea of guilt in facts concerning a sum of about
$21,000 that was cheated, with full restitution having been made. That
sentence would appear to be appropriate. In comparison, in Lee Hwai San, 4
months’ imprisonment was imposed for a total of $65,000 cheated, with full
restitution also having been made. It is of note that the accused in Lee Hwai
San had made a substantial amount of partial restitution to the victim even
before having been charged. Given that factor, the ultimate sentence in Lee
Hwai San may have been correct, though perhaps at the lower end of the
appropriate range.

23 The quantum involved in the present case called for the imposition of a
substantial term of imprisonment. Deterrence was an important sentencing
consideration on the facts. Taking the other factors into account, I am of the
view that the DJ only really erred in ascribing some aggravating weight to an
alleged impact on the financial industry on the facts. It would not seem that
substantial store was placed by the DJ on the supposed vulnerability of the
victim simply because of her age. The primary sentencing factor, as the DJ
correctly identified, was the quantum cheated, though the DJ may have given
somewhat more weight to the erasing of harm by restitution that I would have
done myself. In any event, that operated to the benefit of the Appellant, and
is not being appealed against.

24 On an overall assessment, weighing the quantum, the plea of guilt, and
restitution made, and taking into account that there was neither impact on the
financial sector nor exploitation of vulnerability through age, the sentence I
would have arrived at would be lower than that imposed by the DJ by only a
relatively small length, and thus as the sentence below was not manifestly
excessive, I do not disturb that sentence of seven months’ imprisonment. The
appeal is thus dismissed.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Dhanwant Singh (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the appellant;

Asoka Markandu and Tan Hsiao Tien (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Nov 2020 (11:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

