Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 180

Originating Summons No 227 of 2020 and Summons No 2145 of 2020  

Between

| Chng Kheng Chye  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Kaefer Prostar Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Kaefer Integrated Services Pte Ltd  
  
… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Statutory derivative action] — [Leave to commence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chng Kheng Chye

  
v

  

Kaefer Prostar Pte Ltd and another

  

[2020] SGHC 180

High Court — Originating Summons No 227 of 2020 and Summons No 2145 of 2020  
Valerie Thean J  
12 June 2020

3 September 2020

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Chng Kheng Chye (“Mr Chng”), is a minority shareholder in
Kaefer Prostar Pte Ltd (the “Company”). He sought leave to commence a
derivative action against Kaefer Integrated Services Pte Ltd (“Kaefer
Singapore”), a company that was wholly owned by the Company’s majority
shareholder, Kaefer Gmbh (“Kaefer Germany”). The issue in contention was
whether Kaefer Singapore owed the Company S$1,544,142.47. Majority and
minority shareholders held opposing views and Mr Chng therefore applied for
leave to commence a suit on behalf of the Company under s 216A of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”). I dismissed the
application and now furnish my grounds of decision.

Facts

Background to the dispute

2 Mr Chng holds 20% of the shares in the Company. Kaefer Germany holds the
remaining 80% shareholding. Kaefer Singapore is wholly owned by Kaefer
Germany.

3 On 1 April 2016, Kaefer Singapore entered into a subcontract with PT
McDermott Indonesia for the provision of insulation and fireproofing work to
be carried out for the Yamal LNG plant in Russia (the “Yamal Project”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Victor Arthur Bogos’ 2nd Affidavit dated 6 April 2020 (“VAB2”) at Tab 3:
Respondent’s Bundle of Documents (“RBOD”) at p 203.

It was mutually agreed that the Company would complete the Yamal Project on
Kaefer Singapore’s behalf. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Victor Arthur Bogos’ 1st Affidavit dated 6 April 2020 (“VAB1”) at [13]: RBOD
at p 29; Chng Kheng Chye’s 1st Affidavit dated 19 February 2020 (CKC1”) at
[4]: RBOD at p 8.

The Yamal Project subsequently concluded around April 2017. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

VAB1 at [17].

Upon successful completion of the Yamal Project, Kaefer Singapore paid the
Company S$1,931,291.95. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CKC1 at [4]: RBOD at p 8; VAB1 at [16]: RBOD at p 30.

4 The parties joined issue on whether an additional S$1,544,142.47 (“the Sum”)
was rightfully due to the Company. Mr Chng’s evidence was that the Sum was
retained by Kaefer Singapore on the condition that Kaefer Singapore and Kaefer
Germany recognise that the Company was entitled to the Sum. This was the Sum
Mr Chng sought to pursue by way of derivative action against Kaefer Singapore.

5 The respondents disagreed with Mr Chng’s version of events, and contended
the application was made for collateral purposes: namely, for Mr Chng to
inflate the value of his shares in anticipation of a share buyout. In or
around September 2019, Mr Chng sought for Kaefer Germany to purchase his 20%
shareholding. This was governed by a Shareholders Agreement of 20 July 2016
and an Addendum of 1 September 2016 between Mr Chng, the Company and Kaefer
Germany (collectively, “the SHA”). The SHA gave Kaefer Germany the exclusive
option to require Mr Chng to sell his shares. A formula was set out in the SHA
to calculate the value of Mr Chng’s shares. This formula was premised on the
Company’s average annual audited earnings before tax for the financial period
from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2018, with a proviso for a minimum base
price of S$3m if exercised by Kaefer Germany. Kaefer Germany declined to
exercise the option. When Mr Chng sought to sell his shares, he valued his
shares at S$3m. Kaefer Germany’s price, calculated using the formula
prescribed by the SHA but without the price floor of S$3m, was about
S$792,000. The share buyout fell through but formed the context for this
dispute. Mr Chng first raised the issue of the Sum in that negotiation, and
the respondents contended that Mr Chng’s motive for taking out a derivative
action arose out of this failed negotiation.

Summary of issues and decision

6 Under s 216A(3) of the Companies Act, three requirements must be met in
order for leave to be granted for a derivative action to commence. The
provision reads:

(3) No action or arbitration may be brought and no intervention in an action
or arbitration may be made under subsection (2) unless the Court is satisfied
that —

(a) the complainant has given 14 days’ notice to the directors of the company
of his intention to apply to the Court under subsection (2) if the directors
of the company do not bring, diligently prosecute or defend or discontinue the
action or arbitration;

(b) the complainant is acting in good faith; and

(c) it appears to be prima facie in the interests of the company that the
action or arbitration be brought, prosecuted, defended or discontinued.

7 In this case, the requisite notice under s 216A(3)(a) was furnished. The
respondents disputed only the second and third conditions. The second
condition, good faith, investigates the applicant’s honest or reasonable
belief in the merits of the claim: Jian Li Investments Holding Pte Ltd and
others v Healthstats International Pte Ltd and others [2019] 4 SLR 825 (“Jian
Li Investments”) at [43]. The third condition, that the proposed action is
prima facie in the interests of the company, involves an objective assessment
of the legal merits of the claim: Ang Thiam Swee v Low Hian Chor [2013] 2 SLR
340 (“Ang Thiam Swee”) at [58].

8 The issues in dispute were the following:

(a) On the subject of good faith: whether Mr Chng was pursuing this
application purely in a self-interested bid to inflate the Company’s value,
and not for the best interests of the Company.

(b) On the subject of the action being prima facie in the interests of the
Company: whether there was an arguable and legitimate case for the Company’s
supposed entitlement to the Sum from Kaefer Singapore. Summons 2145 of 2020
(“SUM 2145”) was related to this issue, as Mr Chng sought to file a further
affidavit to support his application for leave to commence the derivative
action.

9 In the present case, the onus of establishing the two requirements was on Mr
Chng. I was of the view that neither requirement had been satisfied. I explain
each in turn, starting with the best interests of the Company for reasons that
I explain at [28].

Whether the action is in the best interests of the Company

10 Section 216A(3)(c) of the Companies Act requires an applicant to “cross the
threshold of convincing the court that the company’s claim would be legitimate
and arguable”: Ang Thiam Swee at [53].

11 Kaefer Singapore relied upon six Management Agreements that documented and
regulated Kaefer Singapore’s payment obligations to the Company. These
documents collectively reflected an obligation on the part of Kaefer Singapore
to pay the Company a total of S$1,931,291.95 for the scope of work envisaged.
None of the documents bore out Mr Chng’s assertion that the remaining
S$1,544,142.47 of the profits from the Yamal Project were rightfully the
Company’s. Mr Chng was the Managing Director of the Company at the time, but
alleged that he had “never seen” the Management Agreements. Despite not having
dealt with them, he was sure that they had been prepared for “accounting
purposes to account for the $1,931,291.95 that has been paid to the Company”.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Chng Kheng Chye’s 2nd Affidavit dated 22 May 2020 (“CKC2”) at [8].

12 Mr Chng contended that Kaefer Singapore had agreed with the Company that
Kaefer Singapore would retain S$1,544,142.47 of the profits from the Yamal
Project whilst acknowledging that the Company was entitled to the same. This,
he said, was captured in an oral agreement reflecting a sum additional to the
S$1,931,291.95 paid. When asked for documentary evidence, Mr Chng acknowledged
in correspondence with Kaefer Germany’s CEO, Mr Steen Hansen: “I don’t have
your requested documentation except the number verbally given to me by Kevin.”
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

VAB1 at Tab 7: RBOD at p 183.

I will discuss the aforementioned “Kevin” below at [17].

13 Mr Chng’s case for an oral agreement rested entirely on an email dated 8
March 2017 (“the 8 March email”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CKC1 at Exhibit CKC-2: RBOD at p 15.

That email was completely irrelevant. It was an email about the proposed share
buyout of Mr Chng’s shares, not about any agreement between the Company and
Kaefer Singapore. Its first line read: “This is to documented [sic] down the
understanding and arrangement for the final 20% sell out by [Chng] at the end
of 2018”. The remainder of the email did not assist either.

14 Mr Chng also raised another email, from Mr Gregory Daniot (“Mr Daniot”),
who was concurrently the Chief Financial Officer for the Company and Kaefer
Singapore at the relevant time. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CKC2 at Exhibit CKC-6: RBOD at p 360.

That too discussed Mr Chng’s personal entitlement to a dividend pay-out from
the Yamal Project, rather than an entitlement owing to the Company. As Mr Chng
acknowledged, “[this dividend entitlement] would have to be dealt with in
another forum”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CKC2 at [10].

It did not reflect any alleged agreement between the Company and Kaefer
Singapore.

15 There was a “Project Account” attached to Mr Daniot’s email. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CKC2 at Exhibit CKC-6: RBOD at p 363.

Mr Chng, somewhat quizzically, claimed that the Project Account was “proof”.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at [32].

But this Project Account did not assist his case at all. All the Project
Account showed was that there was a total profit of S$3,475,434.42 from the
Yamal Project, of which S$1,931,291.95 was paid to the Company (see above at
[2]) while the remaining S$1,544,142.47 was retained by Kaefer Singapore. This
merely suggested (without necessarily proving) that the Company had been
contracted to complete the same work at a different fee from that which Kaefer
Singapore was paid for the Yamal Project. Kaefer Singapore was perfectly
entitled to do this. This was a matter of contract between the parties, and in
this case, the two companies were related companies. Mr Chng pointed out that
the Management Agreements do not necessarily prove that only S$1,931,291.95
was due to the Company. In his words, they “only [go] to show that
S$1,931,291.95 was paid by Kaefer Singapore to the Company”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Chng Kheng Chye’s 3rd Affidavit dated 2 June 2020 (“CKC3”) at Exhibit CKC-1,
at [9].

But the difference between the evidence adduced by both sides was crucial.
Kaefer Singapore and Kaefer Germany, on the one hand, reflected a credible,
consistent and documented position. Mr Chng, on the other hand, stood on his
bare allegation even though at the material time, as Managing Director, he
could well have documented any arrangement if one existed.

16 I concluded that there was no evidence to support his claim and that
accordingly, there was no legitimate and arguable case on which to maintain a
derivative action on behalf of the Company against Kaefer Singapore.

Leave to file further reply affidavit

17 In this context, I declined to grant leave for Mr Chng to file a further
affidavit (“the SUM 2145 Affidavit”). Prior to the summons, Mr Chng had filed
two affidavits, and the assistant registrar had disallowed any further
replies. Notwithstanding, Mr Chng filed an application for a further reply,
which was fixed for hearing at the same time as the application for leave to
commence the derivative action. The proposed affidavit, nonetheless, did not
contain any documentary evidence to support Mr Chng’s contentions, but merely
further bare assertions. A statutory declaration from one Mr Kevin Tan (“Mr
Tan”) was its main feature. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CKC3 at Exhibit CKC-7.

Mr Tan was the Regional Financial Controller at Kaefer Singapore who resigned
on 13 March 2017. This was the man to whom Mr Chng referred when he explained
to Mr Hansen that a verbal confirmation of the agreement between the Company
and Kaefer Singapore had been given: see [12] above. His evidence was
troubling for at least three reasons.

18 First, Mr Tan did not file an affidavit, but his statutory declaration was
exhibited in Mr Chng’s affidavit. Secondly, there was no explanation why Mr
Tan’s testimony was not procured much earlier in the application. Third and
most importantly, Mr Tan’s statutory declaration simply did not assist Mr
Chng’s case at all. Mr Tan indicated that he was not personally privy to any
agreement about entitlement to the Sum. While Mr Chng’s position all along was
that Mr Tan was the one who made the promise, Mr Tan’s declaration stated that
the arrangement was made between one Justin Cooper (hitherto unmentioned in Mr
Chng’s affidavits and featured for the first time in Mr Tan’s statutory
declaration) on behalf of Kaefer Singapore, and Mr Chng. He had merely been
“informed of the agreement and therefore carried out the instructions
accordingly”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CKC3 at Exhibit CKC-7, at [5].

Despite being the sole source of verification for Mr Chng up till that point,
Mr Tan’s statutory declaration did not explain or clarify the 8 March email
upon which Mr Chng’s case rested. He did not describe how the Sum was to be
retained by Kaefer Singapore on a condition that it would be paid later to the
Company. He simply asserted, at paragraph 4, that “the Company will be
entitled to all of the profits from the Yamal Project”. At paragraph 5, he
then linked this to the acquisition of Mr Chng’s shares: “[Mr Chng] was
informed about the valuation of the pay-out wherein the profit from the Yamal
project will be considered even though it may not be reflected in the
Company’s financial performance.” His final line in paragraph 7 is wholly
unexplained: “In the event [Kaefer Germany] does not wish to acquire 100% of
the shares in the Company, the Yamal profit in [Kaefer] Singapore should be
reflected back in the Company to ensure the correct value can be distributed
to both shareholders ([Kaefer Germany] 80%, Chng Kheng Chye 20%).” Mr Tan did
not substantiate any of these assertions with any documents.

19 Counsel for Mr Chng contended that the oral understanding could be
established by calling at trial witnesses such as Mr Tan, Mr Chng, and Mr
Cooper. To do so, however, where there was no credible substratum of evidence,
could not be prima facie in the interests of the company. The unsubstantiated
assertions made in the SUM 2145 Affidavit did not alleviate this difficulty. I
declined to grant leave for the further affidavit.

Good faith

20 Bad faith has a specific meaning in the s 216A context. The Court of Appeal
in Ang Thiam Swee ([7] supra) clarified at [13]:

As such, it is not the questionable motivations of the applicant per se which
amount to bad faith; instead, bad faith may be established where these
questionable motivations constitute a personal purpose which indicates that
the company’s interests will not be served, ie, that s 216A(3)(c) will not be
satisfied. [emphasis in original]

21 In other words, bad faith must be understood in light of and in
consideration of an applicant’s disregard for the company’s interest. This may
manifest as, among others, “judgment … clouded by purely personal
considerations” or “[an evinced intention to] damag[e] or destro[y] the
company out of sheer spite or worse, for the benefit of a competitor” (Pang
Yong Hock and another v PKS Contracts Services Pte Ltd [2004] 3 SLR(R) 1 at
[20]). A collateral purpose would not disqualify a cause if it is
“sufficiently consistent with the purpose of ‘doing justice to a company’”:
Ang Thiam Swee at [31].

22 Here, the onus was on Mr Chng to prove his good faith in the application:
Ang Thiam Swee at [23]. To that end, he disavowed any collateral purpose 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

CKC1 at [9].

or any interest in personal gain (“If [Kaefer Germany] does not wish to
purchase my shares then so be it”) 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

CKC2 at [7].

. He claimed that he was “legally bound to act in the best interest of the
Company” 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AWS at [37].

as its Managing Director and this application was merely an expression of this
duty.

23 Mr Chng, however, wore many hats within the Company. He was not just its
Managing Director but a shareholder as well. To that end, the respondents
contended that Mr Chng had commenced proceedings as an entirely self-
interested shareholder. Being obviously dissatisfied with Kaefer Germany’s
offer of S$792,000 for his 20% shareholding in the Company, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

VAB1 at Tab 7: RBOD at p 184.

Mr Chng was seeking to increase the value of his shares through this
derivative action. This would enable him to seek a higher dividend pay-out for
his 20% shareholding in the Company. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Respondents’ Written Submissions dated 9 June 2020 (“RWS”) at [73].

Between these two characterizations of Mr Chng – the dutiful Managing Director
or the self-interested shareholder – I found that the objective evidence
better supported the latter. In making this finding, I relied on the lack of
evidence supporting Mr Chng’s assertions of good faith; the timing of the
application; and the lack of merit in this application.

24 In establishing his good faith, Mr Chng exhibited “the latest ACRA search”
documenting his position in the Company. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

CKC3 at [15] and p 18.

This did not prove his good faith, and beyond this, I was left with nothing
more than his assertions that he had been acting in the Company’s best
interests as its Managing Director. There was no evidence of Mr Chng pursuing
or enquiring into this alleged entitlement prior to this application, as one
would expect of a dutiful Managing Director.

25 Instead, what little correspondence produced 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

VAB1 at Tab 7: RBOD at pp 182 - 184.

suggested that Mr Chng had been pursuing his own interests as a shareholder.
The Company’s entitlement to the Sum was only previously discussed in the
context of an anticipated share buyout: the “profit [that] should be in [the
Company’s] book but was diverted to Kaefer Singapore” was discussed with a
view to “evaluating [Mr Chng’s] current share price”, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

VAB1 at Tab 7: RBOD at pp 182.

and the “Yamal job which Kevin Tan divert [sic] to Kaefer Singapore” was only
brought up by Mr Chng in a bid to claim “[his] portion of share”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

VAB1 at Tab 7: RBOD at pp 183.

26 To this, the respondents added that the timing of this application strongly
suggested that Mr Chng had not been acting in good faith. The respondents
pointed out that Mr Chng only brought this application after failed
negotiations in September 2019 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

VAB1 at Tab 7: RBOD at pp 182 - 184.

about the price of the share buyout, because of his personal interest in the
matter. Indeed, Mr Chng understood that if the Company was entitled to the Sum
sought, the value of his shares would be higher than “what’s on offer now”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

VAB1 at Tab 7: RBOD at p 182.

He had a personal interest in the matter and was well aware of it. Such self-
interest could constitute a personal purpose that impugns the applicant’s good
faith: Ang Thiam Swee ([7] supra) at [13].

27 Notwithstanding, self-interest could very well align with the interests of
the company: see above at [21]. In this regard, any sums obtained in a
successful suit would increase the value of Mr Chng’s shareholding, and “where
the complainant [seeks] to restore value to his shares in the company, this is
often taken as a positive indication of good faith”: Corporate Law, Hans Tjio,
Pearlie Koh & Lee Pey Woan (Academy Publishing, 2015) at para 10.062. Mr
Chng’s self-interest therefore was not dispositive.

28 I return to the merits of the application. As clarified by the Court of
Appeal in Ang Thiam Swee ([7] supra) at [29], the good faith requirement in s
216A(3)(b) is both separate and connected to the merits of the application.
Separate, because the conceptual integrity of the good faith requirement
requires an assessment of the applicant’s honest and reasonable belief; an
inference of bad faith cannot be drawn from the lack of an arguable cause of
action. But yet the two issues are connected, because a court “may find that
the applicant lacks good faith if no reasonable person in his position could
believe that a good cause of action existed”. An applicant would have
difficulty proving an honest or reasonable belief in the merits of the claim
if the claim is frivolous (see Ang Thiam Swee at [55]). This was the case at
hand, where Mr Chng sought to bring suit on behalf of the Company on the
premise of bare allegation. No reasonable person in Mr Chng’s position could
have believed that an arguable case existed. The objective weakness of his
case, when considered in tandem with his self-interest (see above at [26]) and
earlier correspondence (see above at [25]), informed my finding that there was
no good faith in this application.

Conclusion

29 I therefore dismissed both Originating Summons 227 of 2020 and SUM 2145.
Costs for both applications were awarded to the respondents and fixed at
S$8,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Yeo Choon Hsien Leslie and Tan Shu Ann Jolene (Sterling Law Corporation) for
the applicant;

Lim Tat, Subir Singh Grewal and Soon Ser Jia Clarissa (Aequitas Law LLP) for
the first and second respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

