Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 138

Suit No 178 of 2018

Between

| Apex Energy International Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Wanxiang Resources (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Formation]

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Remedies] — [Damages] — [Mitigation of damage]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Apex Energy International Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Wanxiang Resources (Singapore) Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 138

High Court — Suit No 178 of 2018  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
10–14 February, 26–27 February 2020, 18 May 2020

6 July 2020 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 In this suit, the plaintiff, Apex Energy International Pte Ltd (“Apex”),
claims against the defendant, Wanxiang Resources (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“Wanxiang”), for breach of contract in refusing to proceed under a disputed
agreement for the sale and purchase of a cargo of Light Cycle Oil (“LCO”).

2 On the strength of emails and text messages on handphones, Apex asserts that
the parties entered into such a contract, and that Wanxiang is liable for the
loss caused by its refusal to perform its obligations (including loss caused
by mitigating steps taken by Apex). Wanxiang contends that the parties did not
enter into any such contract, and that, in any case, Apex’s mitigating steps
were unreasonable.

3 Having considered the evidence, and the closing and reply submissions of the
parties, I now give my judgment.

Background

The parties

4 Apex and Wanxiang are both Singapore-incorporated companies engaged in the
business of oil trading.

5 Mr Park Jaehwan (“Park”) and Mr Shin Bumjin (“Shin”) were traders employed
by Apex and Wanxiang respectively who handled the disputed transaction. They
communicated mainly by emails and text messages on their handphones. The text
messages in the Korean language were exchanged via the KakaoTalk instant
messaging platform.

The disputed transaction

6 On or around 16, 17 and 20 November 2017, Park and Shin engaged in a series
of text messages about Apex participating in an anticipated tender by S-Oil
Corporation (“S-Oil”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Park Jaehwan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at para 7; Agreed
Bundle (“AB”) at p 14 to 15.

S-Oil, a major South Korean oil refinery, is a producer of LCO. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Choe Won Chun’s AEIC at paras 6 to 8.

On a monthly basis, S-Oil invites reputable companies to participate in its
tenders for cargoes of LCO. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Shin Bumjin’s AEIC at para 39(a).

Apex is one such company. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Choe’s AEIC at para 13.

7 On 22 November 2017, Apex received the S-Oil invitation to tender for
cargoes for delivery in December 2017 (the “S-Oil tender”). On the same day,
Park forwarded the S-Oil tender to Shin by email. This email formed Apex’s
invitation to tender (“Apex’s tender”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Park’s AEIC at para 13.

The parties then discussed the possibility of back-to-back bids ie, by Apex to
S-Oil and Wanxiang to Apex. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Park’s AEIC at para 12; Shin’s AEIC at para 47.

Apex would make a profit from the onward sale to Wanxiang.

8 The key portions of Apex’s tender (which incorporated the S-Oil tender) are
as follows: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB at pp 66 to 68.

Dear [Shin]

Please find below tender by S-Oil.

[Park]

[Apex]

…

Notice to invite LCO bidding for Dec 2017 (S-Oil) – Closing 15:00 (KST) Nov
23, 2017

This is to notify that S-OIL shall offer LCO for Dec 2017 lifting, and please
provide us with your bid idea, including the loading schedule / nomination
vessel size / your best prices in each case by return.

1\. Delivery:

1) 10~12 Dec

2) 20~22 Dec

2\. Q’ty

1)10~12 Dec: 300 KB +/- 5% at Operational Tolerance

2) 20~22 Dec: 300 KB +/- 5% at Operational Tolerance

3\. Pricing: FOB Onsan, whole month average of MOPS GO 500p in Dec 2017 +
alpha($/B)

…

7\. Demurrage: As per actual C/P, but Max 15,000 $/Day for MR size

…

…

[emphasis added]

9 On these key portions, I make a few points:

(a) While the email read that “S-OIL shall offer LCO for Dec 2017 lifting
[emphasis added]”, this was treated by parties as the basis for Apex’s tender.

(b) Under cl 2, there were two quantities comprising 300,000 barrels of LCO
each, with different delivery dates as set out under cl 1. In these
proceedings, Wanxiang contends that the tender is concerned with one cargo of
600,000 barrels (and that any bid should relate to the entire cargo). Apex,
however, contends that the tender provided for two cargoes each of 300,000
barrels (and that bids may be submitted for any one or both cargoes). For
convenience, I shall refer to these as the “First LCO Cargo” and the “Second
LCO Cargo” respectively, and collectively as the “LCO Cargoes”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Park’s AEIC at para 14; Shin’s AEIC at para 51; AB at p 16.

(c) Under cl 3, the price per barrel of LCO consisted of two components,
namely, a fixed (and non-negotiable) component, set at the whole month average
of the MOPS GO (ie gasoil) 500p price index in December 2017, and a price
premium. In effect, the latter was the biddable portion of the tender. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Choe’s AEIC, Exh CWC-1 (“Expert Report”) at p 3 para 16.

I shall refer to the whole month average of the MOPS GO 500p price index for
the relevant months as the “Dec 2017 Indexed Price”, “Jan 2018 Indexed Price”
etc.

(d) As for demurrage under cl 7, a maximum cap of US$15,000 per day was
provided for.

10 On 23 November 2016, at 1.46 pm, Shin sent Park an email containing
Wanxiang’s “firm bid” for the LCO Cargoes (the “Firm Bid”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB at p 65.

Wanxiang set its price premium for the First LCO Cargo at US$12 per barrel,
and that for the Second LCO Cargo at US$11.50 per barrel. The other terms of
the Firm Bid mirrored that of the Apex tender, except the demurrage clause.
Wanxiang increased the demurrage cap to US$17,500 per day 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB at p 65.

(from the US$15,000 stated in the S-Oil and Apex tenders 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB at p 67.

). Specifically, the portion on pricing read:

3\. Pricing: FOB Onsan, whole month average of MOPS GO 500p in Dec 2017 with
1) 10~12 Dec: plus $12/bbl and 2) 20~22 Dec: plus $11.5/bbl

[emphasis added]

11 After Shin had sent the Firm Bid to Park, a series of text messages were
exchanged at 2.03pm. Park asked Shin for his permission to increase Apex’s bid
to US$12.30 per barrel as the price premium of the First LCO Cargo and
US$11.70 per barrel as the price premium for the Second LCO Cargo. Apex
contemplated making a US$0.10 profit per barrel for itself from on-selling the
LCO Cargoes to Wanxiang. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB at p 17, Messages at 23 November 2017, 14:03.

Shin assented to the increase. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB at p 17, Message at 23 November 2017, 14:03; Shin’s AEIC at para 77.

Effectively, this pushed up the price premium at which Apex would agree to
sell the same to Wanxiang (ie, US$12.40 for the First LCO Cargo and US$11.80
for the Second LCO Cargo).

12 I shall now set out some critical text messages from 3.10pm to 3.17pm,
which shall be referred to as the “Deal Done messages”: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB at p 18.

Park : Deal done

Park : Apex & S-Oil : 11.80$ fob

Park : Wanxiang & Apex : 11.90$ fob

Park : Ok?

Shin : Yes

13 According to Apex, the exchange meant that a deal was done with Apex having
bid US$11.80 per barrel for the Second LCO Cargo. The cargo would be sold on
to Wanxiang at US$11.90 per barrel. Park then asked Shin whether he was
agreeable, and Shin agreed to the deal. Indeed, at 4.54pm, Shin instructed
Park to keep “the deal that is done today” private and confidential. To this,
Park readily replied “Certainly”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB at p 19, Messages at 23 November 2017, 16:54; Park’s AEIC at para 21.

Wanxiang, however, disputes that any deal was reached in relation to the
Second LCO Cargo only. The Firm Bid was in relation to both the LCO Cargoes.
It had to be accepted in relation to the entire cargo.

14 At 5.49 pm, Park sent Shin a “Deal Recap” by email. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB at p 69.

He informed Shin by way of a text message that the email had been sent. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB at p 19, Message at 23 November 2017, 17:49.

The Deal Recap purported to set out the terms of the deal struck that day, for
a cargo of “300KB +/-5% at Operational Tolerance” to be delivered “20-22
December 2017”. The demurrage cap stated in the Deal Recap had reverted back
to the original sum of US$15,000 per day (as per the S-Oil and Apex tenders),
and not the revised sum of US$17,500 per day (as per the Firm Bid). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 107; AB at p 69.

15 At 5.56pm, Park asked Shin to formally confirm the Deal Recap, and Shin
replied “yes”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB at p 19, Message at 23 November 2017, 17:56.

Park sent nine text messages on 24 November 2017, as well as one on 27
November 2017, requesting for a formal confirmation of the Deal Recap.
However, Shin did not respond to Park’s repeated requests to do so.

16 It appears that Wanxiang’s potential buyer was unwilling to purchase the
Second LCO Cargo only. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Park’s AEIC at para 23; Shin’s AEIC at para 88.

Both parties explored various ways of resolving the situation. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB at p 19 to 28.

On 28 November 2017, by way of an email at 5.15pm, Shin asked Park for his
position on the modification of two terms relating to the laycan and the
delivery deadline in the Firm Bid. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB at p 80.

By way of two emails on 29 November 2017 at 10.35am and 11.17am, Park
responded to say that Apex was agreeable to these modifications. However, Park
made further alterations to these modifications. I shall refer to these as the
“28-29 November 2017 emails”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Park’s AEIC at para 31; AB at p 79.

Subsequent events

17 Shin, however, did not respond to any more of Park’s communications
thereafter. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB at p 28.

Instead, on 29 November 2017, at 4.32pm, Mr Xu Zhiyu (“Xu”), Wanxiang’s
General Manager of Petroleum Products, sent an email to Park, formally denying
that Apex and Wanxiang had ever entered into any contract, and pointing out,
inter alia, that the Firm Bid was a bid for both the LCO Cargoes. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Park’s AEIC at para 32; AB at p 85.

18 At 6.29pm, Park responded to Xu, stating that a deal was reached by way of
communications with Shin. Apex would be holding Wanxiang responsible for all
expenses and costs incurred in reselling the Second LCO Cargo. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Park’s AEIC at para 33; AB at p 85.

19 On 1 December 2017, at 3.17pm, Xu replied by email, stating that Wanxiang
maintained “the same position in respect of the matter”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB at p 82.

20 On 1 December 2017, Apex reached an agreement with Shanghai Rui Run
Petrochemistry Pte Ltd (“Shanghai Rui Run”) for the Second LCO Cargo. The deal
recap sent by email at 6.02pm from Apex to Shanghai Rui Run provided as
follows: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB at p 88.

6\. DELIVERY LAYCAN: 26-30 Dec 2017 (Loading will be 18-22, Dec 2017 at Onsan
Korea)

7\. PRICE: CFR, Mops Gasoil 0.05% (December WMA) plus US$9/bbl.

[emphasis added]

On 4 December 2017, Shanghai Rui Run confirmed the deal recap. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB at p 88.

21 On 5 December 2017, Shanghai Rui Run nominated the counterparty for the
contract to be Ningbo Youngor International Trade and Transportation Co Ltd
(“Youngor”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB at pp 91 to 92.

On 6 December 2017, the formal contract was entered into between Apex and
Youngor at the Jan 2018 Indexed Price with a premium of US$9 per barrel 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Park’s AEIC at paras 40 and 43; AB at p 94.

(the “Alternative Sale”) with loading dates of 18 to 22 December 2017 in
Onsan, South Korea for delivery “CFR to Zhoushan, China”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Park’s AEIC at para 40; AB at p 95.

22 According to Apex, while the deal recap sent to Shanghai Rui Run mentioned
the Dec 2017 Indexed Price ie, the December WMA, the correct reference should
have been the Jan 2018 Indexed Price as the delivery was scheduled for January
2018. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Park’s AEIC at para 41.

This meant that Apex was exposed to potential adverse price movements in the
MOPS GO 500p index ie, between the Dec 2017 Indexed Price (at which it had
purchased the Second LCO Cargo from S-Oil) and the Jan 2018 Indexed Price (at
which it had entered into the Alternative Sale). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Park’s AEIC at para 49.

To limit its potential downside, on 6 December 2017, Apex entered into a
gasoil hedging arrangement (“Hedging Arrangement”) with the Intercontinental
Exchange (“ICE”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Lee Youngjoo’s AEIC at para 13.

The effect of this Hedging Arrangement was to guarantee a loss of US$0.40 per
barrel of gasoil hedged. However, this would completely remove Apex’s exposure
to any price movements (positive or negative) in the MOPS GO 500p index
between December 2017 and January 2018 for the hedged quantities of gasoil. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Lee’s AEIC at para 16.

23 To recover its loss, Apex commenced these proceedings on 20 February 2018.

The parties’ cases

24 As pleaded, Apex’s case is that there was a contract between the parties
for the Second LCO Cargo on the terms of the Firm Bid, as modified by Park as
to price and accepted by Shin on 23 November 2017, ie, the Deal Done messages
referred to at [12], with the Deal Recap being only evidence of that
agreement. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 4) (“SOC4”) at para 3.

Alternatively, Apex contends that the parties entered into an agreement on the
terms of the Deal Recap as Wanxiang had, by conduct, agreed to be bound by
those terms. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC4 at para 5B.

In the further alternative, Apex argued that a contract was entered into by
reason of Park’s acceptance of Shin’s modified conditions in the 28-29
November 2017 emails. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOC4 at para 6.

Apex contends that Wanxiang had breached its obligations under such a contract
by stating that it had no intention to fulfil its obligations, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOC4 at para 9.

and that it had taken reasonable steps to mitigate its loss by pursuing the
Alternative Sale and the Hedging Arrangement. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC4 at para 12.

25 Wanxiang’s pleaded case consists of a denial that it entered into a
contract with Apex for the Second LCO Cargo only. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence (Amendment No. 3) (“D3”) at para 4.

It contends that the Firm Bid was for both the LCO Cargoes, and that Apex was
not entitled to accept only one part of the bid for the Second Cargo. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

D3 at paras 8 and 11.

On various grounds, Wanxiang also contends, in the alternative, that Apex did
not fulfil its duty of reasonable mitigation. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

D3 at para 36.

First, Apex failed to explore a more favourable deal with LinkOil Petroleum
and Chemicals Pte Ltd (“LinkOil”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

D3 at para 36B.

Second, Wanxiang disputed the Alternative Sale to Youngor (based on the Jan
2018 Indexed Price). Instead, the mitigating sale was that captured in the
deal recap with Shanghai Rui Run (which was based on the Dec 17 Indexed
Price). The Alternative Sale, in and of itself, contained unreasonable terms.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

D3 at para 36A to 36E.

Third, and in any event, entering into the Hedging Arrangement was also not
reasonable. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

D3 at para 37A.

Issues to be determined

26 There are three main issues for determination:

(a) Whether the parties entered into a contract for the Second LCO Cargo on
the terms of the Firm Bid (with modification as to the price) as per the Deal
Done messages. Alternatively, whether the parties entered into a contract on
the terms of the Deal Recap (based on Wanxiang’s acceptance by conduct), or
alternatively, by way of the 28-29 November 2017 emails;

(b) If there was a contract between the parties for the Second LCO Cargo,
whether Wanxiang breached the contract; and

(c) If there was a breach of the contract for the Second LCO Cargo by
Wanxiang, the quantum of damages that Wanxiang would be liable for. In this
connection, the sub-issues are whether Apex’s attempts to mitigate its loss by
way of the Alternative Sale and Hedging Arrangement were reasonable.

27 I shall deal with each in turn.

Issue 1: Whether the parties entered into a contract for the Second LCO Cargo

28 To determine whether a contract has been formed, the law adopts an
objective approach. The court seeks to ascertain the parties’ objective
intentions, gleaned from the correspondence and conduct in light of the
relevant background as disclosed by the evidence. The relevant background
includes the industry the parties are in, the character of the document which
contains the terms and the course of dealings between the parties: R1
International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521 (“R1 International”) at
[51]. Further, the court may take the parties’ conduct before and subsequent
to the formation of the contract into account: Simpson Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd v
Jiacipto Jiaravanon [2019] 1 SLR 696 at [78].

29 Turning to the evidence, I begin with the Firm Bid. On 23 November 2017, at
1.46pm, in response to the Apex tender, Shin sent the Firm Bid to Park. It is
not disputed that the Firm Bid constituted an offer by Wanxiang. This Firm Bid
set out the various terms on which an agreement for the purchase of LCO by
Wanxiang from Apex was to be made, ie, delivery dates, terms of payment,
pricing (with separate prices quoted for the First LCO Cargo and Second LCO
Cargo), quantities (with the First LCO Cargo and Second LCO Cargo listed
separately), laytime, loadport designation, demurrage (capped at US$17,500 per
day) and quality. As an offer, it could either have been accepted or be
subject to a counter-offer by Park. Had Park unconditionally accepted the Firm
Bid without more, undoubtedly, there would have been a complete and certain
agreement between Apex and Wanxiang for both LCO Cargoes.

30 The main disagreement was whether the Firm Bid could only be accepted with
regard to both, and not one, of the LCO Cargoes. Wanxiang’s case is, of
course, that the Firm Bid was only capable of acceptance with regard to both
the LCO Cargoes. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 70.

In fact, Wanxiang makes the prior point that the Apex tender was an invitation
to bid for the entire cargo of LCO. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 55.

However, curiously, Shin’s evidence was that “[w]hile a tender for S-Oil is
for 1 cargo, comprising the various parcels under it, it is also open for an
offeror to make an offer for part of the cargo without offering for the whole
if it wished to”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 45(a).

As the Apex tender incorporated the S-Oil tender, this undermined Wanxiang’s
position on the Apex tender. Furthermore, in cross-examination, when asked if
the Apex tender allowed for the offeror to make a bid for just one parcel in
the tender, Shin indicated that it did. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs, 26 February 2020, p 28 line 21 to p 29 line 3.

I should add that Shin had submitted an offer to Apex for one out of two
parcels in a tender issued by S-Oil/Apex in early November 2017. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 49.

It seems to me that Shin knew that the Apex tender allowed for the separate
treatment of the First and Second LCO Cargoes.

31 Returning to the Firm Bid, to support the contention that it was an offer
for both the LCO Cargoes, Wanxiang made much of the fact that the conjunctive
word “and” was used in cl 3 of the Firm Bid (which set out the bid price for
the LCO Cargoes) ie, “…[the Dec 2017 Indexed Price] with 1) 10~12 Dec: plus
$12/bbl and 2) 20~22 Dec: plus $11.5/bbl” [emphasis added]: see [10] above.
Wanxiang submitted that had Shin intended to make an offer for either of the
cargoes, he would have used the word “or”. Further, Shin would have used
“and/or” to make an offer for either of or both the cargoes. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DWS at para 70.

32 In my view, this is according far too much weight on the sole word “and”.
To begin with, the Firm Bid listed the First LCO Cargo and the Second LCO
Cargo separately, quoted independent prices and quoted delivery dates for each
one. The objective interpretation of Shin’s use of the word “and”, in my view,
is that it was used to underscore the fact that cl 3 of the Firm Bid contained
two different prices – one for each of the two LCO Cargoes.

33 If Shin had intended to use the word “and” to state that the Firm Bid was
for both the LCO Cargoes, it would have made far more sense for him to have
included the word “and” in respect of the LCO Cargoes as identified in cl 2 of
the Firm Bid so that it would read as follows:

Qty:

1) 10-12 Dec: 300KB +/-5% at Operational Tolerance

[and]

2) 20-22 Dec: 300KB +/-5% at Operational Tolerance

However, Shin did not do so. Instead, he was content for cl 2 of the Firm Bid
to follow the format set out in the Apex tender (which as I have found above
permitted separate bids for the two parcels of LCO). In my judgment,
therefore, the use of the word “and” in cl 3 of the Firm Bid was at best a
neutral factor. The Firm Bid was capable of acceptance with regards to either
of or both the LCO Cargoes.

34 While the Firm Bid was, in my view, capable of acceptance with regards to
the Second LCO Cargo only (without the First LCO Cargo), it was not
unconditionally accepted by Park. In this connection, I turn to the Deal Done
messages ie, exchanged from 3.10pm to 3.17pm on 23 November 2017: see [12]
above. From these, it seems to me that Park intended to close a deal with Shin
at a price of US$11.90 per barrel for the Second LCO Cargo, for which Apex had
placed a bid to S-Oil at a price of US$11.80 per barrel. As an aside, although
the cargo was not specified in these messages, in my view, Park could not have
been referring to anything other than the Second LCO Cargo. This was because
the price quoted by him was higher than Apex’s original bid to S-Oil for the
Second LCO Cargo (at US$11.70 per barrel), but lower than that for the First
LCO Cargo (at US$12.30 per barrel). It would be absurd for Park to reduce the
bid price of the First LCO Cargo as that would reduce, not increase, the
competitiveness of its bid. On the other hand, it would make complete sense
for Park to be referring to the Second LCO Cargo only, as he would have had to
increase his original bid to S-Oil in order to secure it. In any event, it is
not Wanxiang’s position that the text messages related to the First LCO Cargo
or both the LCO Cargoes.

35 More importantly, based on the Deal Done messages, I find that Park
intended to modify the price quoted in the Firm Bid in relation to the Second
LCO Cargo. By seeking Shin’s approval for the modified price, Park had
effectively counter-offered for a deal to be done for the Second LCO Cargo on
the terms of the Firm Bid, save as to price (which was changed to US$11.90 per
barrel). This counter-offer had been accepted unequivocally by Shin, by his
unqualified affirmative response (“Yes”) to Park’s “deal done” message quoting
the revised price. In this connection, I note that an offer can be accepted in
any manner that is a “final and unqualified expression of assent to the terms
of an offer”: Treitel on The Law of Contract (Edwin Peel, Sweet & Maxwell,
2015 Ed) at para 2-016. A legally-binding, certain and complete agreement came
into being at that point. I shall refer to this as the “Apex-Wanxiang
Contract”.

36 I address Wanxiang’s position that there was no agreement by way of the
Deal Done messages. Wanxiang relied on Park’s alleged concession at trial that
on 23 November 2017 at 3.17pm, all that had been agreed was the laycan and the
price of the Second LCO Cargo and that the other terms in the Firm Bid had not
been the subject of any discussion or agreement between the parties up to that
point. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DWS at para 44.

On this basis, Wanxiang submitted that there was in fact no binding agreement
between the parties for the Second LCO Cargo. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DWS at paras 44 and 45.

The relevant portion of Park’s cross-examination is reproduced below: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 10 February 2020, p 75 line 24 to p 76 line 8; p 90 lines 10 to 25.

Q. When he [Shin] said okay at 15:17 hours, … he was saying okay to the
increase in price. He wouldn’t know – sorry. There is no mention of the other
terms in respect of the second parcel, agree?

A. I agree and that is because we had reached an agreement about the price and
laycan and, consistent with the general industry practice, we do not – it is
not necessary to talk about the other terms at this point.

…

Q. I will move on to my next question. So far as you are concerned, the moment
price and loading laycan terms, the window, has been agreed upon, there is a
contract; forget the other terms, correct? That is what you are saying?

A. Correct, and I say “correct” because as for the rest of the terms, I
believe that as market practice, both parties have sufficiently exchanged
information as to how to draft the rest of the terms, so both parties are
aware of what the terms are going to be.

Q. So even if Wanxiang agrees – sorry, insists on 17,500 in these negotiations
that you talk about and Apex insists on 15,000, on your view, it doesn’t
impact the earlier agreement reached?

A. That is correct.

[emphasis added]

37 From the cited portion of his cross-examination, Park did not, in my view,
concede that no agreement had been reached in this case on any terms other
than the price and the loading laycan. It appears to me that he was merely
underscoring the fact that no deal could be concluded without agreement on
those two terms and emphasising the significance of the parties having agreed
on the same. This showed that Park was of the opinion that in order for a deal
to be done, no agreement needed to be reached on the other terms. This, in
fact, is the correct position in law. Parties may intend to be contractually
bound as soon as they reach agreement on a set of terms (which are certain and
complete), even though they go on to discuss and negotiate additional terms:
R1 International at [52]. Certainly, Park did not mean that no such agreement
was reached in the present case.

38 Accordingly, I do not agree with Wanxiang that this exchange in cross-
examination undermined a finding that the parties had concluded the Apex-
Wanxiang Contract. I should add that according to Apex’s expert, Mr Choe Won
Chun, most negotiations in the LCO trading industry are done through instant
messages or telephone conversations, and it is common for parties to reach an
agreement on the main terms of a trade by message or telephone, with a follow-
up email to record what was agreed. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Choe’s AEIC at para 23.

The evidence of Wanxiang’s expert, Mr Ong Teck Chye (“Ong”), was to the same
effect. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Ong Teck Chye’s AEIC at Exh OTC-2 (expert report) p 35, paras 42 to 43.

39 In support of the finding that the Apex-Wanxiang Contract was formed by way
of the Deal Done messages, I turn to the subsequent conduct of the parties. I
note that at 4.54pm, Shin sent Park a text message requesting that “the deal
that is done today” be kept private and confidential, and Park’s assent to the
same: see [13] above. Shin’s reference to a “deal” being done clearly
indicates the presence of the earlier agreement reached between both Park and
Shin (and that the parties intended to be legally bound by it). Furthermore,
subsequently, the Deal Recap prepared by Park to record the deal (before any
hint of a dispute between the parties arose) materially mirrored the terms in
the Firm Bid for the Second LCO Cargo only (save with the modified price as
agreed by Shin). I pause to note that the Deal Recap varied the demurrage term
downwards from US$17,500 per day as proposed in the Firm Bid to US$15,000 per
day as contained in the Apex tender. I shall deal with the significance of
this at [42] below.

40 Given my finding that there was a contract between the parties in respect
of the Second LCO Cargo, I do not have to deal with Apex’s alternative cases.
However, I should address the question of the legal effect, if any, of the
Deal Recap (containing the changed demurrage cap) on the contract between the
parties. To begin with, I reiterate that despite repeated reminders, the Deal
Recap was not confirmed by Shin or Wanxiang. In G-Fuel Pte Ltd v Gulf
Petrochem Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC 62 (“G-Fuel”), the High Court observed at
[23]–[24] that:

23 As with the first and second contracts under the sleeving arrangement,
there was no written contract for the Joaquim cargo and no discussion between
the parties as to whether a deal recap is required for there to be a binding
contract.

24 Often enough, an agreement is formed at an earlier stage and a deal recap
merely recapitulates the terms of the agreement. In TTMI Sarl v Statoil ASA
(“The Sibohelle”) [2011] EWHC 1150 (Comm); [2011] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 220, Beatson J
pointed out (at [27]) in the context of shipping contracts that “it is common
for charterparties to be concluded by an exchange of emails or faxes, with the
terms being recapitulated in a fixture recap, and they can be concluded orally
and recapitulated” [emphasis added]. In the present case, the deal recap sent
by Gulf to G-Fuel for the first two contracts under the sleeving arrangement
recapitulated the essence of what had already been agreed upon between James
Lim and Gary Chew, namely that the sellers and buyers were G-Fuel and Gulf
respectively, the quantity of MFO required and the unit price. …

[emphasis in original]

41 There was no evidence before me that the parties had agreed that the
issuance of a deal recap would be necessary to form a binding agreement.
Certainly, there is no requirement in law for this. The parties’ failure to
issue a “deal recap” which accurately reflects all the terms of the binding
agreement, and a fortiori, the failure of the confirming party ie, Wanxiang to
do so, did not stand in the way of the formation of a binding agreement
between them: G-Fuel at [37]. Indeed, Ong gave evidence that in the industry,
a “recap” is “evidence of an earlier agreement made between the parties in
respect of a trade”, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Ong’s AEIC at para 42.

and that it was only if there was no prior agreement reached between the
parties that a “deal recap” could, in itself, serve as the contract, provided
that it was confirmed by the counterparty. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ong’s AEIC at para 43.

Accordingly, the Deal Recap is nothing more than evidence of the Apex-Wanxiang
Contract.

42 For these reasons, the fact that the Deal Recap contained a demurrage term
different from that in the Firm Bid likely meant that the Deal Recap was an
inaccurate record of what was agreed between the parties in respect of the
demurrage cap. Indeed, Mr Park was unable to recall or explain the difference
in the demurrage caps stated in the Firm Bid and in the Deal Recap. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE, 10 February 2020, p 65 line 17 to p 66 line 9.

Such an inaccuracy, however, did not detract from the legal validity of the
Apex-Wanxiang Contract. In this connection, Mena Energy DMCC v Hascol
Petroleum Ltd (2017) [2017] EWHC 262 (Comm) (“Mena Energy”) is instructive.

43 In that case, one of the disputed transactions concerned a contract for the
sale of gasoil which the plaintiff, Mena, contended was concluded orally and
confirmed in an email described as a “deal recap” on the same day. The
defendant, Hascol, contended that no contract was ever concluded because the
parties had failed to agree on the date by which a confirmed letter of credit
financing the trade was to be opened. Males J (as he then was) observed, at
[169], that:

I do not accept that it was necessary for the oral agreement reached on the
telephone to be confirmed in writing. As in all the parties’ previous
dealings, an oral agreement was binding. The deal recap was a record of that
agreement. It was of course important that it should be accurate and, if it
had not been, it would have needed to be corrected. But Mr Soomro’s recap was
an accurate record in the case of the gasoil contract, just as it had been in
every previous case …

[emphasis added]

The fact that the Deal Recap was not a fully accurate record of the agreement
meant that it should have been corrected with regards demurrage. However, it
did not mean that it was of no corroborative value to show that there was a
deal struck between Park and Shin for the Second LCO Cargo.

44 I should add that in my analysis, Shin’s further conduct (after receipt of
the Deal Recap) is also corroborative of the fact that parties had arrived at
a binding agreement. In Mena Energy, Males J observed, at [166], that:

If the issue [of the date by which a confirmed letter of credit was to be
opened] had indeed been raised in the telephone conversation and the
conversation had ended with no agreement being reached, it is inconceivable
that Mr Soomro would have sent his deal recap, either in the terms which he
did or at all. He and Mr Lavaro would have known that it had not been agreed
that a letter of credit would “be issued at least 5 working days before first
day of loading laycan” and that, as a result, no contract had been concluded.
To have stated that a contract had been concluded on these terms would have
been both dishonest and pointless – dishonest because Mena would have known
that it was not true and pointless because it would invite immediate
contradiction.

[emphasis added]

45 Thus, where a “deal recap” is sent to a contracting counterparty when no
deal had in fact been concluded, some form of protest would be expected as to
that fact, particularly in a situation (such as the present) where the parties
remained in constant communication after the Deal Recap was sent. The fact
that no protest was received from Shin would, in my view, be persuasive
evidence in favour of the existence of such a deal.

46 In the present case, it was not disputed that the Deal Recap referred to
the Second LCO Cargo only. Despite Shin having sight of this Deal Recap, it is
telling that there is no documentary evidence of him ever having protested to
Park that a deal could not have been struck on the Second LCO Cargo only. In
this regard, Shin’s evidence was that he was “surprised and perplexed” by the
Deal Recap because it only recorded a deal reached on the Second LCO Cargo. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 106.

In my judgment, his evidence is unbelievable given his deafening silence on
these points by way of text messages or emails. In particular, the lack of any
text message to express any concern about the Deal Recap was significant, when
juxtaposed against the stream of text messages exchanged between them at the
material time. In my view, Shin fully understood that he had reached a deal
with Park on the Second LCO Cargo only.

47 Of course, Shin explained that there were purported telephone calls between
Park and himself around 2.45pm and between 8pm to 9pm on 23 November 2017. In
these conversations, he had allegedly made it clear to Park that Wanxiang
would only accept a deal on both the LCO Cargoes. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 114.

However, once again, there was no mention at all of these purported
conversations, even tangentially, in any of the emails or text messages
between Park and Shin. Again, I find it incredible that having allegedly made
his position so clearly to Park in the telephone calls on the critical issue
of the subject-matter of any possible deal, Shin did not bother to set down
the contents of the conversations in any email or text message to Park.
Instead, Shin was supposedly content to allow Park to continually (in Shin’s
own words) “hound” 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 119.

him for a confirmation to the Deal Recap on the basis that there was a deal
done between them on the Second LCO Cargo only.

48 More significantly, Shin did not even contradict Park when Apex’s agreement
with Wanxiang was raised in the following text message exchange in the morning
of 27 November 2017 as follows: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB at p 22, Messages at 27 November 2017, 10:16 to 10:25.

Park : Our only present solution is to maintain the contract with Wanxiang
while the price remains the same at what is presently agreed.

Park : For now, both companies are pursuing reselling and so on. Therefore let
us update each other on the progress of the situation by the morning and
discuss on the way to proceed either with the original plan or with the plan
that is similar to the original plan.

Shin : For now, if there is any idea with the buyer, APEX, please let me know
by this morning and discuss about it.

49 This exchange, in my opinion, showed that at the material time, Shin did
not think that Apex and Wanxiang could not conclude a deal on the Second LCO
Cargo. This is further buttressed by the fact that, shortly after the
abovementioned exchange, Shin told Park that he was “frustrated” at his
inability to find a satisfactory solution since his attempts to plead with
Wanxiang’s original buyer for the LCO Cargoes to accept the Second LCO Cargo
by improving their price had not borne fruit, to the point where he had
thoughts of leaving Wanxiang’s employ: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB at p 23, Messages on 27 November 2017 at 10:37 to 10:39.

Shin : I think it is best for you to seek kind understanding of the oil
refinery company telling them the problems attributed by the risk pursuant to
year end cargo (system reform risk) in addition to the general risk to reduce
the loss.

Park : Please stop talking nonsense.

Park : Please persuade the original buyer quickly.

Shin : I am doing it. I am saying it because I am frustrated. I am telling you
this with the thought to leave the company any day (today or tomorrow) in
mind.

Shin : I have been pleading them [sic] to improve all weekend long, even if it
is just for a few dozen cents.

[emphasis added]

50 This demonstrated an unusual commitment on Shin’s part to a disputed
transaction. It is inconsistent with Shin purportedly having made it clear to
Park that there was no deal at all with regards to the Second LCO Cargo. I
therefore do not find Shin’s assertions with regards to the telephone
conversations credible. On an objective assessment, the conduct of the parties
strengthens a finding of the existence of the Apex-Wanxiang Contract.

51 For completeness, I also consider whether the Apex-Wanxiang Contract was
varied in any way by the 28-29 November 2017 emails – which sought to modify
the laycan and delivery terms from those stated in the Firm Bid. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

SOC4 at para 7.

It was undisputed that on 28 November 2017, Shin, referencing a “long
discussion” that he had with Park, sent Park an email asking for his “stance”
on the following matters: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB at p 80.

(a) Amendment of the latest loading laycan date to 18 to 20 December 2017; and

(b) The fixing of the “FOB delivery deadline” at 22 December 2017 “as long as
vessel NOR at load port before or within laycan, which is to be defined in LC,
or otherwise to the same effect.”

52 By this point, a dispute had arisen between the parties, with Shin
contending that there was no contract between Apex and Wanxiang. Plainly, both
Shin and Park were still trying to resolve the dispute by attempting to re-
negotiate the terms. Park responded to Shin’s email on 29 November 2017 at
10.35am by purporting to accept the two conditions, with certain slight
modifications to the second condition. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB at p 79.

Thereafter, however, Shin ceased to reply to Park’s email or his text
messages. As mentioned above, shortly after, Xu sent Park an email formally
denying that Wanxiang and Apex had entered into a contract for the Second LCO
Cargo (see [17] above).

53 The question, then, is whether Shin’s email, and Park’s purported
acceptance of the same, varied the contract. For a variation to an existing
contract to be effective, it must possess the characteristics of a valid
contract: Fiscal Consultants Pte Ltd v Asia Commercial Finance Ltd [1981-1982]
SLR(R) 149 at [14]. Thus, not only must there be an offer to vary the contract
and unconditional acceptance of the same, the variation of the contract must
be supported by fresh consideration: S Pacific Resources Ltd v Tomolugen
Holdings Ltd [2016] 3 SLR 1049 from [13] to [17]; Ma Hongjin v SCP Holdings
Pte Ltd and another [2019] SGHC 277 at [99].

54 The issue in play here is whether Shin had indeed offered to vary the Apex-
Wanxiang Contract or had just requested for information regarding the
potential variations to that contract which Apex would be willing to accept.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DWS at para 121; Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 145.

In my view, the language used by Shin in his 28 November 2017 email was not
capable of constituting an offer to vary the contract on the two conditions
stated therein. He had simply written to Park to request Apex’s stance on
those two conditions. This is simply a request for information which was
exploratory in nature, not an offer to be bound by those two conditions. As
such, I find that the Apex-Wanxiang Contract was not varied by these
subsequent communications.

Issue 2: Whether Wanxiang breached the contract

55 Having found that the Apex-Wanxiang Contract comprised of the terms of the
Firm Bid save as to price, I agree with Apex’s contention that Wanxiang had
breached the contract on 29 November 2017 by expressly denying that such a
contract even existed. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PWS at para 149.

This was a clear case of renunciation of contract on Wanxiang’s part.
Accordingly, this entitled Apex to terminate the contract and claim for
damages: RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 at
[93]. With this, I now turn to assess Apex’s claim for damages.

Issue 3: Whether Wanxiang is liable for Apex’s loss

The amounts claimed

56 Apex’s claim is for a total sum of US$1,211,778.60 in damages. The
breakdown is as follows: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC4 at para 13, as revised in PWS at para 175.

(a) The difference in the price premium between the Apex-Wanxiang Contract (at
US$11.90 per barrel) and that under the Alternative Sale (at US$9 per barrel),
ie, US$2.90 per barrel applied to 270,084.50 barrels of LCO delivered 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Lee’s Supplemental AEIC at para 7.

, giving rise to a sum of US$783,245.05. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Lee’s Supplemental AEIC at para 6.

(b) Freight costs incurred by Apex in performing the Alternative Sale at
US$297,500. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Lee’s AEIC at paras 13 and p 26.

(c) A sum of US$102,586.35, which represents the costs incurred by Apex of
procuring extensions of the credit period in respect of the Letter of Credit
which it had obtained to finance the S-Oil purchase. Originally, no such
extensions would have been necessary as the credit terms of the S-Oil purchase
(ie 30 days) mirrored that under the Apex-Wanxiang Contract. The credit period
under the Alternative Sale, however, was 90 days. 60 days’ worth of credit
period extensions were required. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Lee’s AEIC at paras 17 to 20.

(d) The cost of entering into the Hedging Arrangement to remove Apex’s
exposure to the volatility in the MOPS GO 500p index which amounted to
US$21,330. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Lee’s Supplemental AEIC at para 8; NE of 13 Feb 2020 at p 60 line 4 to p 61
line 10.

(e) The commissions paid in respect of the Hedging Arrangement, comprising
US$5,092.20 paid to BNP Paribas Commodity Futures Ltd 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Lee’s Supplemental AEIC at para 24.

and US$2,025 paid to Ginga Global Markets Pte Ltd. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Lee’s Supplemental AEIC at para 23.

Quantification of loss

57 It is well-settled that damages for breach of contract are awarded to put
the innocent party in as good a position as if the contract had been
performed: Gunac Enterprises (Pte) Ltd v Utraco Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R) 889 at
[11]. In this regard, Wanxiang submitted that where a contract for the sale of
goods has been breached, the applicable statutory provision governing the
quantification of damages is s 50 of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev
Ed) (“SOGA”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DWS at para 127.

The provision reads:

Damages for non-acceptance

50. — (1) Where the buyer wrongfully neglects or refuses to accept and pay for the goods, the seller may maintain an action against him for damages for non-acceptance.

(2) The measure of damages is the estimated loss directly and naturally
resulting, in the ordinary course of events, from the buyer’s breach of
contract.

(3) Where there is an available market for the goods in question, the measure
of damages is prima facie to be ascertained by the difference between the
contract price and the market or current price of the goods at the time or
times when they ought to have been accepted or (if no time was fixed for
acceptance) at the time of the refusal to accept.

58 Applying s 50(3) of the SOGA, Wanxiang argued that Apex had not proven that
the Alternative Sale was made on an “available market” price. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DWS at para 130.

In response, Apex argued that s 50(3) of the SOGA did not apply because there
was no available market for the Second LCO Cargo: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at para 54.

(a) There was uncertainty around the pricing of LCO at the end of the year due
to market rumours;

(b) It was undisputed that the Second LCO Cargo was “less popular” than the
First LCO cargo; and

(c) It was undisputed that Park or Shin were not able to find a firm buyer for
the Second LCO Cargo.

59 However, I do not accept these arguments. It was undisputed that there was
an available market for LCO and that there existed potential buyers for the
Second LCO Cargo. The fact that Apex could make the Alternative Sale makes
this clear. The mere fact that Apex and Wanxiang encountered difficulties in
finding a firm buyer for the Second LCO Cargo on certain terms as to price,
delivery, etc did not mean that there was no available market (ie demand) for
the Second LCO Cargo.

60 Thus, where, as here, there is an available market for the subject-matter
of the contract, s 50(3) of the SOGA applies. The principal issue concerning
the assessment of damages under s 50(3) of the SOGA is the market price of the
goods. In this connection, Apex relied on Bunge SA v Nidera BV (formerly
Nidera Handelscompagnie BV) [2015] Bus LR 987, [2015] UKSC 43 at [17], where
Lord Sumption JSC (writing for the majority of the UK Supreme Court) said
(with reference to s 51(3) of the English Sale of Goods Act 1979, which is in
pari materia with s 50(3) of the SOGA):

… [W]here there is an available market for the goods, the market price is
determined as at the contractual date of delivery, unless the buyer should
have mitigated by going into the market and entering into a substitute
contract at some earlier stage: Garnac Grain Co Inc v HMF Faure & Fairclough
Ltd [1968] AC 1130, 1168 and Tai Hing Cotton Mill Ltd v Kamsing Knitting
Factory [1979] AC 91, 102. Normally, however, the injured party will be
required to mitigate his loss by going into the market for a substitute
contract as soon as is reasonable after the original contract was terminated.
Damages will then be assessed by reference to the price which he obtained. If
he chooses not to do so, damages will generally be assessed by reference to
the market price at the time when he should have done: Koch Marine Inc v
d’Amica Societa di Navigazione (The Elena d’Amico) [1980] 1 Lloyd’s 75, 87,
89. The result is that in practice where there is a renunciation and an
available market, the relevant market price for the purposes of assessing
damages will generally be determined not by the prima facie measure but by the
principles of mitigation.

[emphasis added]

61 As the present case concerns a renunciation of contract by Wanxiang,
whether the Alternative Sale is a valid basis for quantifying Apex’s loss
under s 50(3) of the SOGA accordingly depends on whether Apex had reasonably
mitigated its loss by entering into the Alternative Sale. If that question is
answered in the affirmative, the loss would be computed by reference to the
difference between the amount which would have been recovered under the Apex-
Wanxiang Contract and what was in fact recovered under the Alternative Sale.
In effect, this question can be folded into the inquiry over the
reasonableness of entering into the Alternative Sale. Indeed, Ong’s view was
that “the industry norm” is to claim the “price difference between the
disputed contract between Apex and Wanxiang and the [Alternative Sale]”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Ong’s Supplemental AEIC, Exh OTC-6, at p 20 para 46(f).

A further question, however, is whether entering into the Hedging Arrangement
was reasonable.

62 The Alternative Sale has been set out above. I now set out in detail the
factual background for the Hedging Arrangement. Apex pleads that it had
purchased the Second LCO Cargo from S-Oil at a price per barrel equal to the
Dec 2017 Indexed Price plus a premium of US$11.80. Under the Apex-Wanxiang
Contract, the sale of the Second LCO Cargo was on the basis of the Dec 2017
Indexed Price, plus a premium of US$11.90 per barrel. However, under the
Alternative Sale, the Second LCO Cargo was sold based on the Jan 2018 Indexed
Price plus a premium of US$9 per barrel. As I observed at [22] above, this
meant that as a result of the Alternative Sale, Apex was exposed to potential
adverse price movements in the MOPS GO 500p index from December 2017 to
January 2018. To limit the impact of these price movements, Apex entered into
the Hedging Arrangement with ICE.

63 According to Apex, the Hedging Arrangement worked as follows. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Lee’s Supplemental AEIC at paras 15 to 17.

By three contracts, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AB at pp 10, 12 and 14.

ICE contracted to sell to Apex 70,000, 100,000 and 100,000 barrels of
Singapore Gasoil at US$73.60, US$73.40 and US$73.60 per barrel respectively.
Apex would sell the same back to ICE at the Dec 2017 Indexed Price. By another
three contracts, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB at pp 16, 18 and 20.

ICE contracted to purchase from Apex 70,000, 100,000 and 100,000 barrels of
Singapore Gasoil at US$73.20, US$73.00 and US$73.20 per barrel respectively.
In return, Apex would purchase the same back from ICE at the Jan 2018 Indexed
Price. The cumulative effect of these six contracts is that Apex would incur a
fixed loss of US$0.40 per barrel for 270,000 barrels of Singapore Gasoil (ie,
a total of US$108,000) but would not be exposed to any price movements in the
MOPS GO 500p index. On the other side, ICE would be obligated to purchase
270,000 barrels of Singapore Gasoil at the Dec 2017 Indexed Price and sell the
same quantities of Singapore Gasoil at the Jan 2018 Indexed Price. ICE, and
not Apex, therefore bore the risk and reward of the price movements in the
MOPS GO 500p index. Ultimately, this meant that Apex had effectively paid
US$108,000 to cap its potential loss, but also prevented itself from
benefitting from any potential rise in the MOPS GO 500p index from December
2017 to January 2018.

64 While not conceding its liability for the cost of the Hedging Arrangement,
Wanxiang contended that there was a factual error in the above, and that there
should be a reduction in the cost of hedging. Based on the relevant documents,
Apex’s sale back to ICE was not based on the Dec 2017 Indexed Price. It was
based on the average of the daily published gasoil prices from 6 to 31
December 2017 (the “Balance Dec 2017 Price”). The Balance Dec 2017 Price of
US$75.632 per barrel happened to be higher than the Dec 2017 Indexed Price of
US$75.311 per barrel. This is because the market was on an upward trend. Thus,
this “leg” of the Hedging Arrangement yielded a sum of US$20,420,640 for Apex,
which is more than the sum of US$20,333,970 which Apex had to pay to S-Oil
(which was based on the Dec 2017 Indexed Price). Wanxiang should be given the
benefit of the difference of US$86,670. Thus, the cost of hedging of
US$108,000 should be reduced by the sum of US$86,670 to arrive at US$21,330.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Ong’s Supplemental AEIC, Exh OTC-6, at pp 12 to 13 paras 22 to 27.

Having reviewed Ong’s comments and computation, in the course of the trial,
Apex revised its claim downwards to US$21,330.

65 I should add that as it transpired, there was a rise in the indexed price
from US$75.311 in December 2017 to US$80.745 in January 2018. Without the
Hedging Arrangement, Apex would have made a handsome profit of US$711,180 on
the Alternative Sale compared to the Apex-Wanxiang Contract. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Ong’s Supplemental AEIC, Exh OTC-6, at p 19 at para 45(d)(v).

With that, I turn to the parties’ arguments on the reasonableness of Apex’s
mitigating measures.

The reasonableness of mitigating steps taken by Apex

66 The reasonableness of entering into the Alternative Sale and the Hedging
Arrangement is disputed by Wanxiang on the following main grounds as follows:

(a) That the Alternative Sale was unreasonable, as the price premium of US$9
per barrel was unreasonably low, and the mitigating sale should have been
based on the Dec 2017 Indexed Price;

(b) In any event, Apex had unreasonably rejected the opportunity to pursue an
alternative sale of the Second LCO Cargo to LinkOil on superior terms than
what it eventually obtained with Youngor; and

(c) The Hedging Arrangement was wholly unnecessary and unreasonable as an
exercise in reducing the damages claimable from Wanxiang for its breach of
contract because Apex could simply claim the unhedged loss from Wanxiang.
Furthermore, Apex had not informed Wanxiang that it was hedging the loss. The
Hedging Arrangement was therefore a deliberate speculation on the Gasoil
market on Apex’s part.

The applicable law

67 Before considering the merits of Wanxiang’s contentions, I turn to the
applicable law. In The “Asia Star” [2010] 2 SLR 1154 (“The Asia Star”), the
three basic rules relating to mitigation are set out by the Court of Appeal as
follows (at [24]):

First, the aggrieved party must take all reasonable steps to mitigate the loss
consequent on the defaulting party’s breach, and cannot recover damages for
any loss which it could have avoided but failed to avoid due to its own
unreasonable action or inaction (see Harvey McGregor, McGregor on Damages
(Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited, 18th Ed, 2009) at para 7-004 and British
Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company, Limited v Underground
Electric Railways Company of London, Limited [1912] AC 673 (“British
Westinghouse Electric”) at 689). Second, the aggrieved party who goes beyond
what the law requires of it and avoids incurring any loss at all will not be
entitled to recover any damages (see McGregor on Damages at para 7-097 and
British Westinghouse Electric at 689–690). In such a case, the aggrieved
party’s efforts will in effect confer a gratuitous benefit on the defaulting
party. Third, the aggrieved party may recover any expenses incurred in the
course of taking reasonable steps to mitigate its loss (see McGregor on
Damages at para 7-091). In short, the aggrieved party cannot recover avoidable
or avoided loss; it may, however, recover expenses reasonably incurred in the
course of taking mitigation measures.

[emphasis added]

68 The third rule of mitigation as set out above ie, that a claimant can
recover expenses reasonably incurred in the course of taking mitigation
measures, is pertinent. Indeed, the recovery of expenses incurred in the
course of mitigation is not controversial: see for example Rapiscan Asia Pte
Ltd v Global Container Freight Pte Ltd [2002] 1 SLR(R) 701. From the above, it
is plain that once the course of mitigation taken by Apex is found to have
been reasonable, it is entitled to recover its loss, as well as its expenses
incurred in the course of mitigation.

69 The reasonableness of mitigation is assessed objectively, taking into
account subjective circumstances such as the aggrieved party’s financial
position. Ultimately, the reasonableness inquiry reflects commercial and fact-
sensitive fairness at the remedial stage of a legal inquiry into the extent of
liability on the defaulting party’s part, and bars an aggrieved party from
profiting or behaving unreasonably at the expense of the defaulting party. The
court has considerable discretion in evaluating the facts of the case in
arriving at a commercially just determination: The Asia Star at [31]–[32].

70 Further, the evaluation of a claimant’s conduct in mitigation ought to
start from the date of the defaulting party’s breach, and the burden of
proving that the claimant has failed to fulfil its duty to mitigate falls on
the defaulting party: The Asia Star at [24]. With that, I turn to the facts.

Whether the Alternative Sale was unreasonable

71 Apex reached a deal with Shanghai Rui Run on 1 December 2017. It formally
concluded the Alternative Sale on 6 December 2017 with Youngor, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AB at p 94.

which was approximately a week after Wanxiang had renounced the Apex-Wanxiang
Contract on 29 November 2017. In my view, this took place within a reasonable
period of time post-breach in which Apex had to mitigate its loss by selling
the Second LCO Cargo to alternative buyers. It was also not seriously disputed
that the sale of the Second LCO Cargo to alternative buyers would be effective
in mitigating Apex’s loss.

72 I turn to Wanxiang’s contention that the price premium of US$9 per barrel
was well below the prevailing market rate at the time of US$11 to US$12. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Shin’s AEIC at para 150.

It relied on evidence of a sale of a cargo of 230,000 barrels of LCO from
North Petroleum International Company Limited to Zhejiang Metals and Materials
Co, which was done at the Jan 2018 Indexed Price with a price premium of
US$10.71 per barrel for 30,000 barrels and US$12.10 per barrel for the
remaining 200,000 barrels. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DWS at para 134; Shin’s AEIC at paras 151 to 152; page 166.

73 I would first observe that Apex was under no obligation to make any effort
to obtain the best price available for the Second LCO Cargo. It is not open to
a party in breach of contract to be astute in criticizing the adequacy of
mitigating steps taken by the innocent party: Tan Soo Leng David v Lim Thian
Chai Charles and another [1998] 1 SLR(R) 880 at [38], which was recently cited
in Sintalow Hardware Pte Ltd v OSK Engineering Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 286 at
[82]. Indeed, as the Court of Appeal observed in China Resources Purchasing Co
Ltd v Yue Xiu Enterprises (S) Pte Ltd and another [1996] 1 SLR(R) 397 at [24]:

If, notwithstanding the particular facts of this case, there was a duty to
mitigate then the standard of reasonableness to be applied to the decision of
the innocent buyer is not a high one. “The law is satisfied if the party
placed in a difficult situation by reason of the breach of a duty owed to him
has acted reasonably in the adoption of remedial measures and he will not be
held disentitled to recover the cost of such measures merely because the party
in breach can suggest that other measures less burdensome to him could have
been taken.” See Banco de Portugal v Waterlow & Sons Ltd [1932] AC 452 at 506.
It is a question of fact, depending on the circumstances of the particular
case, whether the plaintiff acted reasonably. See Payzu Ltd v Saunders [1919]
2 KB 581 at 588-589. See also Benjamin’s Sale of Goods at p 853 para 17-025.

74 The inquiry, therefore, is not whether other transactions done at better
prices exist, but whether the mitigating sale in question was a reasonable one
in the circumstances. In my view, there are many factors influencing the price
which may be obtained for goods, not least among which is the balance of the
bargaining powers between the parties. It is not unreasonable for potential
buyers to drive a hard bargain to extract lower prices from a seller
(especially one in Apex’s position, ie a trader of commodities which generally
plays an intermediate role) who has unexpected inventory. In the present case
the premium of US$9 was not, in my opinion, so low that it would have been
unreasonable for Apex to take it. The Alternative Sale to Youngor was made
between two commercial parties dealing at arms’ length. Had Apex failed in the
present suit, it would have had to bear the consequences of any below-market
sale. There was therefore no reason for it to have taken the risk of agreeing
to prices well below what it could reasonably get in the circumstances, and no
such reason was put forward by Wanxiang.

75 I now consider Wanxiang’s argument that the mitigating sale should have
been based on the Dec 2017 Indexed Price, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DWS at para 140(a) to (b). Ong’s Supplemental AEIC, OTC-6, p 17 at para 40.

as captured in the deal recap with Shanghai Rui Run, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AB at p 88.

instead of the formal contract between Apex and Youngor for the Alternative
Sale which was based on the Jan 2018 Indexed Price.

76 As stated at [22], Apex explained that the deal recap made a wrong
reference to the Dec 2017 Indexed Price, and that the deal was in fact done on
the Jan 2018 Indexed Price given that the delivery of the cargo was scheduled
for January 2018. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Park’s AEIC at para 41.

Wanxiang did not accept this explanation. It contended that Apex had in fact
done a deal with Youngor at the Jan 2018 Indexed Price in order to take a
position (ie, speculate) in the gasoil market. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DWS at para 140(d).

77 I note that in the Alternative Sale, while the loading dates of 18 to 22
December 2017 in Onsan, South Korea remained (as per the deal recap), 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

AB at p 95.

the delivery laycan period is not stated. I accept the explanation that the
delivery of the cargo was scheduled for January 2018. As such, I do not think
that Apex had deliberately entered into the Alternative Sale on the Jan 2018
Indexed Price with a view to speculating on the gasoil market. The pricing
terms were a direct consequence of the possibility that the cargo might be
delivered in January 2018. In any event, I do not think that closing the deal
based on the Jan 2018 Indexed Price could be considered unreasonable
(especially in light of the further efforts to address this issue by entering
into the Hedging Arrangement). In this connection, I also rely on my comments
in relation to the price premium of US$9 per barrel above, and my views on
speculation below at [87] below.

78 I am therefore of the view that the Alternative Sale was not on
unreasonable terms.

Whether Apex unreasonably ignored the possibility of an alternative sale to
LinkOil

79 Wanxiang alleged that it was unreasonable for Apex to have rejected the
possibility of mitigating its loss to a greater extent by pursuing an earlier
deal opportunity with LinkOil. It relied on Shin’s evidence that on or about
12 pm on 28 November 2017, he had communicated to Park an offer made by
LinkOil for the Second LCO Cargo at the Dec 2017 Indexed Price plus a premium
of US$12 per barrel on a “CFR” basis, which Park chose not to explore. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DWS at para 131; Shin’s AEIC at paras 126 to 127.

80 The possibility of an alternative sale to LinkOil was raised in the course
of Shin and Park’s text messages on 28 November 2017 at around 12pm: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AB at pp 24 to 25.

Park : It is judged that the company and trader continue to shift
responsibility in Wanxiang, as far as my company is concerned, Apex can extend
its only consideration to resell with the condition that Wanxiang bears the
loss. Please reply to me promptly. This is the matter that I too have to
decide within 1-2 hours. In the worst case, I am going to request for
unconditional fulfilment of the contract.

Shin : Well, I understand your position.

Shin : From my standpoint, I feel that directly entering into a contract with
Link Oil would reduce the loss of alternative sales.

Park : With regards to that part, I think it is the matter that my boss has to
decide now.

…

Shin : But, it is also critical to minimize the loss. As such, I am telling
you, “How about dealing with LINK?” Although I understand that it is not the
right sequence from the other party’s position. But if this option is dragged
on for too long, it would disappear.

81 Shin’s admission that pursuing the LinkOil deal opportunity would not be
“the right sequence” from Apex’s position, in my view, referred to the fact
that it would not have been right for Apex to pursue a deal with LinkOil which
dealt with the precise subject-matter of an existing contract between Apex and
Wanxiang. In any case, Apex did not pursue the LinkOil opportunity, and at
4.21pm, Shin informed Park that LinkOil was no longer willing to go ahead with
the deal. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AB at p 25.

82 I note that at the time of the exchange above, Wanxiang had not yet
communicated its refusal to acknowledge the existence of the Apex-Wanxiang
Contract to Apex (which was only done on 29 November 2017). There was no
renunciation of the contract by Wanxiang yet. Accordingly, there was no loss
occasioned by any breach of contract which Apex was under a duty to mitigate.
In fact, both Shin and Park continued attempting to salvage the situation
after the potential deal with LinkOil had collapsed. This is evident from
Shin’s text message to Park at 4.34pm on 28 November 2017 that he would
confirm the Deal Recap if Park had included his “condition”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AB at p 26.

Thus, had Apex pursued and accepted LinkOil’s purported offer (even if I
accept that it was as Shin described it), it would have committed an unlawful
repudiation of the Apex-Wanxiang Contract.

83 For the above reasons, I do not think that Apex had acted unreasonably in
mitigating its loss by the Alternative Sale to Youngor. Accordingly, the
Alternative Sale was a valid basis for assessing Apex’s loss.

Whether the Hedging Arrangement was unreasonable

84 Having entered into the Alternative Sale, in my view, the Hedging
Arrangement was prima facie a reasonable step in mitigation because it limited
the total loss that could result from any fall in the MOPS GO 500p index to
US$0.40 per barrel.

85 Wanxiang levied a number of allegations in respect of the Hedging
Arrangements. These are stated briefly as follows:

(a) First, that the Hedging Arrangement was not a matter within its
contemplation or knowledge at the point where the Apex-Wanxiang Contract was
discussed between Park and Shin; 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DWS at para 139.

(b) Second, that following on from Wanxiang’s contention that the Alternative
Sale should have been based on the Dec 2017 Indexed Price and not the Jan 2018
Indexed Price (see [75] above), the Hedging Arrangement was Apex’s attempt to
speculate on the gasoil market upon arranging for the Alternative Sale, so
that they would “keep all gains that they would have earned from the ICE
trades, if January gasoil prices fell, while at the same time pursue Wanxiang
for losses arising from the physical sale under the [Alternative Sale]”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DWS at paras 155 to 157.

(c) Third, that there was no reason for Apex to take a position against the
rise in gasoil prices (by way of the Hedging Arrangement) and “deliberately
create a loss” when the market prices were experiencing a “continuous upswing
for 6 continuous months from June 2017” 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DWS at para 140.

and would possibly rise further; 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DWS at para 144.

and

(d) Fourth, that Apex did not even have to enter into the Hedging Arrangement
to mitigate any potential loss from any potential adverse movement in the MOPS
GO 500p index because they could recover that loss from Wanxiang if they were
successful in their claim in the present proceedings. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DWS at para 151.

86 Dealing with each of these points in turn, I do not find Wanxiang’s first
contention relevant to the issue of mitigation. The reasonableness of
mitigation does not depend on whether the defaulting party was aware, at or
after the time of contract formation, that such steps would be taken. Taking
Wanxiang’s arguments to their natural conclusion would lead to an untenable
result. The mere fact that the parties did not contemplate any form of
mitigation at all could not oust the common law duty to mitigate loss owed by
the innocent party.

87 As for Wanxiang’s second contention, it is in my view wholly misconceived
for Wanxiang to argue that Apex had sought to speculate in the market. The
only benefit under the Hedging Arrangement that Apex could have derived was
the guaranteeing of a fixed loss of US$0.40 per barrel of gasoil hedged in
exchange for avoiding the possibility of sustaining an even larger loss. There
was no element of profit in Apex’s side of the Hedging Arrangement. This being
the case, there is no conceivable way in which Apex’s actions can be
characterised as “speculation” on the gasoil market. If anything, under the
Hedging Arrangement, it was ICE, and not Apex, which took on the risk and
reward of fluctuations in gasoil prices, and who, consequently, could have
been said to be “speculating”. Apex did nothing more than to act out of an
abundance of caution – the very opposite of speculating.

88 Wanxiang’s third contention is, in my view, flawed. There is no doubt that
the Hedging Arrangement would have operated to limit the potential loss from
adverse movements in the MOPS GO 500p index. In my judgment, it would have
been reasonable for Apex to limit the possibility of such adverse movements.
Historical data showing a rising trend in the MOPS GO 500p index did not
automatically lead to the conclusion that the index would have inexorably
risen from December 2017 to January 2018, such as to make Apex’s actions
unreasonable.

89 Lastly, Wanxiang’s fourth contention was untenable. The entire point of
mitigation is so that the party in breach need not be made liable for the full
extent of the loss occasioned by its breach of contract if that loss may be
reasonably reduced by the innocent party. The mere fact that Wanxiang was able
and willing to pay the full loss suffered by Apex did not in any way render
Apex’s attempts at mitigation unreasonable.

90 For all of the above reasons, I am of the opinion that Wanxiang has failed
to show that Apex’s efforts at mitigation, viz the Alternative Sale and the
Hedging Arrangement, were unreasonable. I turn now to consider the quantum of
damages claimed.

Damages to be awarded

91 Having found that the Alternative Sale and the Hedging Arrangement were
reasonable mitigating steps taken by Apex, I return to the damages claimed. As
enumerated at [56] above, Apex’s claim for US$1,211,778.60 comprises the
following:

(a) The sum of US$783,245.05. This is the difference in the price premium
between the Apex-Wanxiang Contract and that under the Alternative Sale. This
represents Apex’s expectation loss. Wanxiang did not challenge the
computation, and I find that the amount is claimable in damages.

(b) The sum of US$297,500. This is the freight cost incurred by Apex in
performing the Alternative Sale. This is an expense incurred in Apex’s efforts
to mitigate its loss which is recoverable in damages.

(c) The sum of US$102,586.35, which represents the costs incurred by Apex of
procuring extensions of the credit period in respect of the Letter of Credit
which it had obtained to finance the S-Oil purchase. Such extensions would not
have been necessary under the Apex-Wanxiang Contract. In my opinion, these
costs were reasonably incurred by Apex in entering into the Alternative Sale,
and are therefore claimable.

(d) The sum of US$21,330. As set out at [63]—[64] above, this sum was incurred
by Apex as the net cost of entering into the Hedging Arrangement to remove
Apex’s exposure to the volatility in the MOPS GO 500p index. It was an expense
incurred by Apex in its reasonable efforts to mitigate its loss and is
recoverable.

(e) The commissions paid in respect of the Hedging Arrangement, comprising
US$5,092.20 paid to BNP Paribas Commodity Futures Ltd and US$2,025 paid to
Ginga Global Markets Pte Ltd. In my view, these were expenses incurred in
respect of Apex’s mitigation of its loss by way of the Hedging Arrangement,
and are therefore claimable.

Conclusion

92 For the above reasons, I grant judgment for Apex and order Wanxiang to pay
damages in the sum of US$1,211,778.60 with interest at the rate of 5.33% per
annum from the date of writ. Parties are to provide costs submissions within
two weeks of the judgment.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Sarbjit Singh Chopra, Lee Wen Rong Gabriel and Luis Inaki Duhart Gonzalez
(Selvam LLC) for the plaintiff;

Eng Zixuan Edmund, Brinden Anandakumar, James Tan and Danica Gan (Fullerton
Law Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

