Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 79

Civil Appeal No 222 of 2019

Between

| Samsung C&T Corporation  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Soon Li Heng Civil Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons No 439 of 2019

Between

| Soon Li Heng Civil Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Samsung C&T Corporation  
---|---  
(2)| United Overseas Bank Limited  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Credit and Security] — [Performance bond] — [Unconscionability]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Samsung C&T Corp

  
v

  

Soon Li Heng Civil Engineering Pte Ltd

[2020] SGCA 79

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 222 of 2019  
Judith Prakash JA, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J and Woo Bih Li J  
17 July 2020

17 August 2020

Woo Bih Li J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The dispute between the parties arose from the granting of an injunction by
the judge below (“the Judge”) to restrain a beneficiary from receiving money
under a performance bond after an adjudication determination (“AD”) had been
made in favour of the party who procured the issue of the bond. The
beneficiary appealed and we dismissed its appeal on 17 July 2020. We state our
reasons below.

Background

2 The appellant, Samsung C&T Corporation (“Samsung”), was engaged by the Land
Transport Authority (“LTA”) as the main contractor for the construction of the
Marine Parade Station and Tunnels for the Thomson-East Coast Line (“the
Project”). Samsung engaged the respondent, Soon Li Heng Civil Engineering Pte
Ltd (“SLH”), to be its subcontractor to carry out excavation and disposal
works for the Project.

3 The parties entered into a Re-Measurement Sub-Contract dated 22 April 2016
(“the Subcontract”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2ACB, pp 10–14.

Pursuant to the Subcontract, SLH procured the issue of a performance bond by
United Overseas Bank Limited dated 27 June 2016 in favour of Samsung (“the
PB”).

4 Under the Subcontract, SLH was to excavate three types of material, namely
(a) soil; (b) hardcore material; and (c) ground improvement and mixed
material. There was a separate disposal site for each type of material.

5 On 31 August 2018, SLH served Payment Claim Number 20 (“PC 20”) on Samsung
for the sum of $3,278,935.95. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2ACB, p 6; 1SH, para 12.

Samsung issued its Payment Response, in the form of payment certificate number
20 (“PR 20”), stating that Samsung should pay SLH the sum of $167,848.99 only.
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2ACB, p 6; 1SH, para 13.

The dispute proceeded for adjudication (“SOP 372/2018”). The adjudicator
determined that Samsung was to pay SLH a certain sum. This sum was later
reduced to $2,473,295.20 (including goods and services tax or “GST”) (“the
adjudicated sum”) by an amended AD issued on 19 November 2018. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

3ROA(J), p 159; 1AD, para 3.

We will refer to the amended AD as “1AD”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

3ROA(J), p 158; see 3ROA(A), pp 133–220.

6 On 15 December 2018, Samsung issued a “Notice of Dispute” pursuant to cl
20.1 of the Subcontract on the basis that “[SLH’s] claims in [SOP 372/2018]
are without merit and that the adjudicator in that case has failed to consider
the claims in light of the contractual provisions in the Subcontract”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

2ACB, pp 24–25; 3ROA(J), p 8; 1SH, para 17.

This was followed by a letter from Samsung to SLH dated 17 December 2018 by
which Samsung terminated the Subcontract under cl 18.2 thereof. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

3ROA(A), p 8; 1OJQ, para 15.

7 On 26 December 2018, Samsung paid the adjudicated sum under 1AD to SLH. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

3ROA(J), p 10; 1SH, para 21.

8 On 31 December 2018, SLH served on Samsung Payment Claim Number 24 (“PC
24”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

3ROA(K), p 32.

9 According to Samsung, it had noticed from an email from SLH to LTA dated 8
January 2019 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

2ACB, p 32.

that SLH was saying that it had disposed of 226,875,130kg of material as of 16
December 2018. The email also stated that the remaining loads would be
disposed of based on a weight of 16,000 kg per lorry. Using those figures,
Samsung applied a certain formula to determine the volume of material removed
per lorry and was of the view that the actual volume of material removed was
less than what SLH had previously claimed.

10 On 14 January 2019, Samsung wrote to SLH to assert that SLH had claimed in
PC 24 that the “final quantity of disposal as of 16 December 2018” was 175,978
m3. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2ACB, p 28.

However, according to information from SLH to LTA (in the email dated 8
January 2019), the actual quantity disposed of was only 136,462 m3. That
information has been referred to in the court proceedings as new evidence
which Samsung had obtained.

11 Although Samsung submitted before us that there was no response from SLH to
its letter dated 14 January 2019, this was not correct. SLH responded on 29
January 2019 to say that the Subcontract had provided for the quantities of
soil disposed of to be measured using certain principles 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2ACB, p 98.

and that the new principle of measurement mentioned by Samsung was not
contained in the Subcontract.

12 On 31 January 2019, SLH submitted Payment Claim Number 25. Thereafter the
parties continued to dispute the final quantity of material which SLH had
disposed of. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

3ROA(J), p 15; 1SH, para 39.

A further dispute arose about the quantity of hardcore material that had been
removed.

13 On 6 March 2019, Samsung issued a further notice of dispute reiterating its
claims contained in the letter of 14 January 2019 and its letters subsequent
to 14 January 2019. Samsung claimed that it had overpaid SLH by at least
$2,057,944.79 (inclusive of GST) and demanded repayment within seven days
failing which it would take all steps necessary to recover the sum. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2ACB, p 119.

On 7 March 2019, the disputes were once again referred to adjudication (“SOP
98/2019”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

3ROA(Q), pp 4–7; 3OJQ, paras 5–8.

14 On 3 April 2019, while SOP 98/2019 was ongoing, Samsung made a demand on
the PB for the full bond amount of $826,713.53. The premise of Samsung’s
demand was that SLH had, in breach of the Subcontract, over-claimed in
relation to works which it had purportedly performed under that contract. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

2ACB, pp 133–142.

On 4 April 2019, SLH commenced proceedings in the High Court seeking an
injunction to restrain Samsung from receiving any money under the PB. It also
sought and was granted an ex parte interlocutory injunction against Samsung on
the same day pending the determination of the action. On 12 November 2019, the
Judge granted the final injunction sought by SLH. In the meantime, an AD was
issued on 22 May 2019 in respect of SOP 98/2019. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

3ROA(Q), pp 4–7; 3OJQ, paras 5–8.

15 It was not in dispute that the nub of Samsung’s complaint about overpayment
concerned matters that had already been adjudicated under 1AD. The Judge noted
that for the dispute on the final quantities disposed of, the Subcontract had
provided for different methods of measurement for different kinds of work and
different types of material disposed of (Soon Li Heng Civil Engineering Pte
Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp and another [2019] SGHC 267 (“the Judgment”) at [69]).
Accordingly, he did not agree that the alleged new evidence to which Samsung
had referred (see [10] above) entitled Samsung to conclude that there was an
overpayment as Samsung’s approach did not take into account the various
charges for different work or different types of material (the Judgment at
[69] and [71]).

16 On the dispute about the quantity of hardcore material disposed of, the
Judge noted that in the bills of quantities in the Subcontract, the
measurement was done in terms of lorry loads and some by the “as built
drawings”. Thus it was not correct to approach the measurement solely by lorry
loads as Samsung had done (the Judgment at [70]).

17 The Judge also noted that Samsung’s claim of overpayment was allegedly
supported by a table or annex attached to its further notice of dispute dated
6 March 2019. However, the breakdown in that annex did not correlate to the
new evidence allegedly discovered by Samsung. Instead, it was a mere reference
back to the figures in PR 20 (the Judgment at [24], [72]–[73]). After
referring to various specific items of dispute, the Judge concluded that
Samsung’s claim of overpayment based on alleged new evidence (“the New
Evidence argument”) was raised as a facade to justify its call on the PB (the
Judgment at [78]).

18 As regards the question whether Samsung’s demand was unconscionable, the
Judge distinguished the relevant statutory provisions in Singapore from those
applying in New South Wales, Australia. He noted that New South Wales does not
have the equivalent of s 21 of the Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”) which provides for the
temporary finality of an AD. He concluded that Samsung’s demand on the PB had
sought to undermine the temporary finality of 1AD and this was unconscionable
(the Judgment at [89]–[91]).

19 The Judge also considered whether Samsung was entitled under the
Subcontract to demand payment under the PB to satisfy its overpayment claim.
He referred to cl 17.7 which states:

[Samsung’s] Offset Right

[Samsung] may recover any amount due to [Samsung] under the Subcontract
through the Subcontract Performance Security or set-off, deduct or otherwise
withhold it from any monies due or which may become due to [SLH] or recover
them as a debt due from [SLH].

20 The Judge was of the view that the phrase “under the Subcontract” in cl
17.7 must refer to a sum due to Samsung under a particular provision of the
Subcontract (the Judgment at [100]–[101]). As Samsung’s demand was not made
pursuant to any such provision, its demand was not consistent with the
Subcontract and was not in respect of an amount for which Samsung could make a
demand under the PB.

Our reasons for dismissing the appeal

21 The present grounds of decision focus on the issue of unconscionability. We
need not deal with the New Evidence Argument as we are in agreement with the
Judge’s detailed reasons as to why the New Evidence argument cannot be
accepted. Samsung was not able to show how the Judge had erred in his
reasoning and conclusion. As we concluded that Samsung’s demand on the PB was
unconscionable for the reasons explained below, it was also unnecessary for us
to reach a view as to whether Samsung would also have been precluded under cl
17.7 of the Subcontract from making the demand.

22 At the outset, it is important to stress that SLH did not rely merely on
the existence of an AD but that Samsung’s reasons for making the demand had
already been considered and rejected by the adjudicator. We hold that it is
unconscionable for a party to call on a performance bond in circumstances
where the effect of so doing will be to negate an AD prior to any final
determination of the dispute between the parties. We say this because of the
legislative scheme embodied in SOPA.

23 SOPA was enacted in 2004 to provide an expeditious mechanism for payment to
contractors and sub-contractors in the event of a dispute between parties to a
building contract. SOPA provides for an adjudicator to determine such disputes
on a temporary basis pending final resolution by a court or tribunal or other
appropriate dispute resolution proceeding.

24 Section 18 SOPA provides a mechanism enabling an aggrieved respondent or
claimant to apply for the review of an AD. In this case, however, Samsung did
not apply for such a review.

25 Section 21(1) SOPA states:

Effect of adjudication determinations and adjudication review determinations

21.—(1) An adjudication determination made under this Act shall be binding on
the parties to the adjudication and on any person claiming through or under
them, unless or until —

(a) leave of the court to enforce the adjudication determination is refused
under section 27;

(b) the dispute is finally determined by a court or tribunal or at any other
dispute resolution proceeding; or

(c) the dispute is settled by agreement of the parties.

26 Section 36(1) SOPA states that the provisions of SOPA shall have effect
notwithstanding any contrary contractual provision. This is reinforced in s
36(2) SOPA. The heading of s 36 refers to it as the “No contracting out"
provision.

27 SLH argued that Samsung’s call in the circumstances was an attempt to
circumvent 1AD and the scheme under SOPA which gives an AD temporary finality.

28 On the other hand, Samsung argued that SOPA did not interfere with or
affect its contractual right to call on the PB. It cited various Australian
authorities but relied mainly on two: Patterson Building Group Pty Ltd v
Holroyd City Council [2013] NSWSC 1484 (“Patterson”) and Duro Felguera
Australia Pty Ltd v Samsung C&T Corporation [2016] WASC 119 (“Duro”). We did
not find these authorities of persuasive assistance to the proposition
advanced by Samsung.

29 Patterson was a decision of White J of the Supreme Court of New South
Wales. In that case, the plaintiff had sought an injunction to restrain a
defendant from drawing down on two guarantees issued by a bank in favour of
the defendant who had yet to make a claim on either of the guarantees.

30 On 15 July 2013, an adjudicator appointed under the New South Wales
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 (“the NSW
Act”) made a determination under which the defendant was to pay the plaintiff
A$468,360 including GST. This amount was paid.

31 On 16 August 2013, the plaintiff submitted a progress claim for a further
A$535,796.79. However, the superintendent under the building contract issued a
progress certificate which stated that moneys were due from the plaintiff to
the defendant instead. This certificate stated that the plaintiff owed the
defendant A$138,143.82 excluding GST and that the superintendent was of the
view that a further A$253,728.52 was also due from the plaintiff but had not
certified that amount yet. Also on 16 August 2013, the superintendent issued
another notice setting out 51 defects which the plaintiff was to rectify. The
estimated cost of rectification was A$153,458.

32 Clause 5.2 of the Conditions of Contract stated (see Patterson at [3]):

5.2 Recourse

Security shall be subject to recourse by a party who remains unpaid after the
time for payment or where the Principal claims to be owed monies by the
Contractor.

33 The defendant’s position was that there were moneys due to it from claims
which had been adjudicated and also in respect of its claim for unrectified
defects. The latter was not part of the AD there. The plaintiff disputed that
the defendant had any basis to claim that money was due to it particularly in
the light of the plaintiff’s progress claim for over A$500,000.

34 White J was of the view that under cl 5.2, the defendant did not have to
demonstrate that it was in fact owed money. It was entitled to have recourse
to the security if it claimed to be owed moneys (Patterson at [38]). Citing
Fletcher Construction Australia Ltd v Varnsdorf Pty Ltd [1998] 3 VR 812
(“Fletcher”) and Clough Engineering Ltd v Oil and Natural Gas Corp Ltd [2008]
FCAFC 136 (“Clough”) and a third case about the two alternative purposes of
such a security, he was of the view that the provision did not merely provide
security to the defendant for amounts that might be found to be due to it.
Instead, it was a risk allocation device that addressed the issue of who was
to be out of pocket while the dispute was determined (Patterson at [39]). In
the latter case, a defendant could be restrained from having recourse to a
security only if its claim was made fraudulently, not in good faith or
unconscionably and in breach of ss 20 or 21 of the Australian Consumer Law
(Patterson at [40]). The plaintiff did not contend that any demand by the
defendant would fall under any one of these requirements but, as stated above,
contended that there was no money owing to the defendant.

35 White J was of the view that as the defendant had a claim for unrectified
defects which was not the subject of the AD, the defendant could have recourse
to the security. It was therefore unnecessary for him to decide if the
defendant could have recourse to the security to enforce a claim for repayment
of money which had been paid pursuant to the AD (Patterson at [55]).
Nevertheless, he proceeded to address that question.

36 Section 32(1) of the NSW Act states:

32 Effect of Part on civil proceedings

(1) Subject to section 34, nothing in this Part affects any right that a party
to a construction contract:

(a) may have under the contract, or

(b) may have under Part 2 in respect of the contract, or

(c) may have apart from this Act in respect of anything done or omitted to be
done under the contract.

37 Section 34 of the NSW Act is in substance similar to s 36 SOPA which
prevents a party from contracting out of the legislation. There is no
equivalent to s 21 SOPA in the NSW Act.

38 The substance of the plaintiff’s contention was that the defendant would be
acting unlawfully if it had recourse to the security to recover an amount
which had already been the subject of an AD. Presumably the defendant
disagreed.

39 White J considered what the situation would have been if the plaintiff had
provided cash as security to the defendant instead of the guarantees. He was
of the view that the plaintiff could not have affected the defendant’s right
to the cash unless the plaintiff was required to replenish the cash security
(Patterson at [71]). If the defendant were to call on the guarantees then the
evidence indicated that the plaintiff would be required to put its bank in
funds. In substance, it would be in the same position as if the plaintiff had
provided security in the form of cash (Patterson at [72]).

40 Secondly, White J was of the view that the NSW Act would not preclude the
defendant from having recourse to a guarantee if the defendant’s claim was
made before there was a reference to an adjudication. He also did not think
that the plaintiff could undo such a claim on a guarantee by recourse to the
procedures in the NSW Act (Patterson at [73]). A claim that the defendant was
required to reinstate security would not be a claim that the plaintiff was
entitled to a progress payment (Patterson at [74]). Accordingly, White J was
of the view that the NSW Act would not preclude the defendant from calling on
a guarantee to recover an amount which had been the subject of an AD
(Patterson at [75]).

41 We start our analysis on the persuasiveness of the Australian decisions by
referring to the distinction first raised in Fletcher ([34] supra), and
adopted in Clough ([34] supra), as to whether the purpose of a contractual
provision requiring the issuance of a security is merely to provide security
for amounts that might be found due to a beneficiary or is a risk allocation
device that addresses the issue as to who is to be out of pocket while the
dispute is being determined (see Patterson at [39]). If it is the former, the
beneficiary is not entitled to demand payment under the security pending
resolution of any dispute. If it is the latter, the beneficiary is entitled to
demand payment pending such resolution, unless there is some ground to
restrain it from doing so, other than the existence of a dispute.

42 In Singapore, the distinction between the two types of security is
expressed differently although with similar consequences. It is a distinction
between a security payable on default and one payable on demand. Even for
security of the latter type, the purpose of the bond may be described as
providing security to the beneficiary for the counterparty’s performance of
its obligations under the building contract between them. However, the mere
reference to this purpose does not necessarily mean that the security is of
the first type mentioned in Fletcher. For example, in GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack
Building Construction Pte Ltd and another [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44, the Court of
Appeal said at [24] that “a performance bond is basically a security for the
performance of the main contract”. However, the mention of this purpose was
not to draw the distinction mentioned in Fletcher but rather to emphasize that
a performance bond is not so sacrosanct and inviolate such that the court can
intervene only on the ground of fraud.

43 For a security payable on default, the beneficiary must establish the
default of the counterparty before being entitled to payment under the
security. This is similar to the first type mentioned in Fletcher. We pause to
reiterate that our reference to “the counterparty” is to the other party in
the building contract and not to the issuer of the security.

44 For a security payable on demand, the beneficiary is prima facie entitled
to be paid under the security immediately once he makes a demand on the issuer
of the security. The beneficiary does not have to establish the counterparty’s
default even if the terms of the security require it to assert that the
counterparty is in default when demand for payment is made. This is similar to
the second type mentioned in Fletcher. However, under the second type, it is
still open to the counterparty to restrain the beneficiary from obtaining
payment if the counterparty can establish a ground for the injunction. In
Singapore, either fraud or unconscionability provides such a ground.

45 Once it is established that the security is payable on demand, the above
consequence follows. The distinction mentioned in Fletcher is no longer
meaningful. The remaining question is whether the counterparty is able to
establish either of the two grounds. It is also useful to bear in mind that
Fletcher was not a case dealing with an AD. Neither was Clough ([34] supra).
While the burden is on the counterparty to establish one of the two grounds,
it is often the case that a beneficiary will elaborate to some extent the
reasons for its demand in response to the counterparty’s action or application
for an injunction, even though as between the beneficiary and the issuer of
the bond, a demand alone without an equivalent elaboration often suffices.
However, we were not persuaded by White J’s analogy to a cash security. The
point is that the PB is not cash held by Samsung. The two grounds are relevant
only in the context of a security which is not cash.

46 As for White J’s comparison with a situation in which a call is made before
a reference to adjudication, Samsung raised a similar argument before us.
Samsung contended that if 1AD precluded it from receiving any benefit under
the PB, then this would encourage a respondent not to raise a claim before an
adjudicator so that it could not be said that its claim had been rejected.
Also, if Samsung were injuncted in the circumstances, this would encourage
beneficiaries to make a call at the first available opportunity, at least
before an AD is issued. In other words, it would encourage beneficiaries to
pre-empt the AD.

47 While it is true that a beneficiary who makes a call before an AD may
appear to be in a more advantageous position than one who does so after an AD,
that is the consequence of an on-demand bond. Furthermore, each case is fact-
sensitive. While the counterparty may not be able then to rely on an AD to
establish unconscionability, it may be able to rely on other evidence to
establish this. For example, if the call is made too early, the counterparty
may be able to show that in fact there is no basis to allege that the
beneficiary is entitled to claim any money from it especially in the light of
unpaid work or materials supplied by the counterparty.

48 Furthermore, if a beneficiary were to deliberately avoid making a claim
before an adjudicator simply to preserve its right to claim under a
performance bond, that might itself be evidence of unconscionability. In doing
so, it would also have prejudiced its own chances of obtaining a favourable
ruling from the adjudicator.

49 In any event, it seemed to us that the situation would be worse for the
counterparty if, even after an AD, a beneficiary could still claim overpayment
under a bond for reasons which had been rejected by an adjudicator.

50 We come now to Duro ([28] supra). That is a decision of Le Miere J of the
Supreme Court of Western Australia. There, Samsung was the beneficiary of two
performance bonds procured by the counterparty. The counterparty was the
plaintiff who sought an interlocutory injunction to restrain Samsung from
taking any step to obtain payment under the bonds. One of its arguments was
that Samsung’s demand for payment under the bonds was in disregard of three
binding determinations made under the Construction Contracts Act 2004 (WA)
(“the WA Act”).

51 Under cl 5.2(i) of the General Conditions of the contract between the
parties, Samsung was entitled to convert into money any security if Samsung
considered, acting bona fide, that it would be entitled to recover the
relevant amount from the counterparty under the subcontract. Clause 5.2(b)
restrained the plaintiff from taking any step to injunct Samsung from
receiving payment under the security.

52 Le Miere J referred to the distinction mentioned in Clough ([34] supra),
which adopted the distinction from Fletcher ([34] supra), about the two
purposes of such a security and, taking into account cl 5.2 of the General
Conditions, concluded that the bonds were of the second type (Duro at [23]).
In the light of cl 5.2, he was also of the view that in the context of an
application for an interlocutory injunction, the burden was on the plaintiff
to establish a strong case and not merely an arguable case that Samsung was
not acting bona fide in claiming that it was or would be entitled to recover
sums from the plaintiff under their contract (Duro at [26]). Applying the
traditional principles in relation to interlocutory injunctions, Duro also had
to establish that the balance of convenience favoured the grant of the
injunction.

53 Section 38 of the WA Act provides that an AD is binding on the parties to a
construction contract notwithstanding that there are other proceedings
relating to the payment dispute before an arbitrator or other person or a
court or other body. Section 53 of the WA Act provides that a party cannot
contract out of the Act.

54 As mentioned, the plaintiff had obtained three ADs. Under each of them,
Samsung was to pay a certain sum to the plaintiff. The plaintiff argued that
demanding payment under the bonds was to disregard, and fail to comply with,
binding determinations made under the WA Act. It relied on s 38, but not s 53,
of the WA Act. Le Miere J disagreed with the plaintiff.

55 He was of the view that the WA Act preserves rather than overrides the
parties’ contractual rights except for the provision of Part 2 (which did not
apply to the case) (Duro at [41]). Samsung was only obliged to pay the
adjudicated amount under each AD. The determination did not alter the
contractual rights or finally determine them. The adjudicator’s construction
of the contract or the facts found by the adjudicator did not alter the proper
construction of the contract nor any facts in contest between the parties
(Duro at [47]). Therefore, while Samsung was obliged to pay the amounts
adjudicated, Samsung retained all of its contractual rights including its
right to have recourse to the bonds (Duro at [48]). Samsung was not obliged to
follow the reasoning or conclusions of the adjudicators (Duro at [51]). This
was Le Miere J’s view even though s 36(d) WA Act states that an adjudicator
must give reasons for his determination.

56 Le Miere J had referred to the cases of Patterson ([28] supra) and Fabtech
Australia Pty Ltd v Laing O’Rourke Australia Construction Pty Ltd [2015] FCA
1371 (“Fabtech”). We have discussed Patterson. Fabtech was a decision of
Besanko J of the Federal Court of Australia in Queensland. Besanko J had
dismissed an application for an injunction to restrain a beneficiary from
having recourse to two bank guarantees after an AD. However, it is important
to bear in mind that one of the claims by the beneficiary was for liquidated
damages which exceeded the aggregate amount of the guarantees and the
beneficiary had not raised its claim for liquidated damages before the
adjudicator (Fabtech at [6]–[7]). That said, it is true that Besanko J was of
the view that once payment is made pursuant to an AD under the Queensland
Building and Construction Industry Payments Act 2004 (“the Queensland Act”),
the Act ceases to have any effect on events thereafter. At [38], Besanko J
said:

… For what period then is the [respondent] to be precluded from enforcing the
guarantees? On what basis is one to infer that the applicant is to enjoy the
fruits of the adjudicator’s decision until a court or arbitrator decides to
the contrary? The fact that the [Queensland] Act provides no answer to these
questions means, I think, that recourse to the Bank Guarantees does not have
the effect of excluding, modifying, restricting or otherwise changing the
effect of a provision of the Act. Once the payment pursuant to the
adjudicator’s decision is made, the [Queensland] Act ceases to have any effect
on events thereafter and the respondent’s rights under the Subcontract
Agreement are expressly preserved by s 100(1) of the [Queensland] Act.

57 In the present case, the Subcontract did not have a provision similar to cl
5.2(b) in Duro. Even if it had done, it would have been arguable that such a
provision would not assist Samsung here on the facts because it would have
been an attempt to contract out of SOPA. In any event, Le Miere J referred to
cl 5.2 to conclude that the security there was of the second type mentioned in
Clough. It was undisputed that in the present case the PB was an on-demand
bond, ie, the second type, and the burden was on SLH to establish
unconscionability which was the ground it relied on for its action.

58 The NSW Act, the WA Act and the Queensland Act do not contain any provision
that is the equivalent of s 21 SOPA. Indeed, s 21(1) answers the question
posed by Besanko J in Fabtech, ie, for how long is the applicant to enjoy the
fruits of an AD? There, the legislation was silent on the question. The answer
in Singapore is that the enjoyment will continue until one of the events
specified in s 21(1) occurs. We align ourselves with the views expressed by
the Judge in [82] and [84] of the Judgment. While Samsung is entitled to
disagree with and challenge the views of the adjudicator, it is entitled to do
so only in final dispute resolution proceedings between the parties, whether
before a court or tribunal or otherwise. The contractual rights of parties are
circumscribed by SOPA and the scheme under SOPA and not the other way around.
Otherwise the “no contracting out” provision in s 36 SOPA would be
meaningless. We did not agree that, on the one hand, Samsung must pay the
adjudicated amount but, on the other hand, it can recover overpayment by
making a demand on the PB and rely on reasons which have been rejected by the
adjudicator to resist a restraining order. If it could do so, the temporary
finality of the AD would be undermined.

59 If Samsung had threatened SLH that it would make a demand on the PB if SLH
sought an adjudication or, thereafter, demanded payment under 1AD, it would
have been clear that Samsung would have been attempting to circumvent the
legislative scheme. To us it was clear that Samsung’s conduct in making its
demand on the PB after it had paid SLH pursuant to 1AD was equally a
circumvention of the scheme.

60 It is arguable that the above view about temporary finality is reinforced
by s 17(5) SOPA. Under that provision, a subsequent adjudicator is to give the
same value for construction work carried out or goods or services supplied as
that previously determined in an AD unless the claimant or respondent
satisfies the adjudicator that the value has changed since the previous
determination. However, we defer any further discussion on this provision as
the parties did not refer to it in arguments.

61 In the circumstances, we dismissed Samsung’s appeal with costs. We varied
the terms of the injunction (granted by the Judge) slightly to make it clear
that it will continue until the dispute between the parties has been finally
determined by the court or in arbitration proceedings or by agreement between
the parties, at which point parties shall be at liberty to apply for discharge
of the order.

Judith Prakash Belinda Ang Saw Ean Woo Bih Li  
Judge of Appeal Judge Judge

Lee Peng Khoon Edwin and Er Hwee Lee Danna Dolly (Eldan Law LLP) for the
appellant;  
Poon Guokun Nicholas and Choy Chee Yean (Breakpoint LLC) for the respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

