Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 118

Originating Summons 1521 of 2019 (Summons 6442 of 2019)

Between

CDI  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

CDJ  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside
enforcement order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CDI

  
v

  

CDJ

[2020] SGHC 118

High Court— Originating Summons 1521 of 2019 (Summons 6442 of 2019)  
S Mohan JC  
4, 11 March 2020

19 June 2020 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan JC:

Introduction

1 In Originating Summons 1521 of 2019 (“OS 1521”), the Plaintiff applied for
leave to enforce a Final Arbitration Award (the “Final Arbitration Award”)
dated 26 August 2019 and an Additional Award to the Final Arbitration Award
dated 25 September 2019 (the “Additional Award”) (collectively, the “Award”)
issued by a sole arbitrator (the “Arbitrator”) in a Singapore Chamber of
Maritime Arbitration (“SCMA”) arbitration (the “Arbitration”). The underlying
dispute between the Plaintiff and Defendant involved the sale and purchase of
three vessels.

2 As is common, leave was granted ex parte to the Plaintiff by an Assistant
Registrar pursuant to an Order of Court (HC/ORC 8300/2019) dated 12 December
2019 (the “Leave Order”) for the Plaintiff to enforce the Award. The Leave
Order was served on the Defendant on 18 December 2019. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at para 4

3 In Summons 6442 of 2019 filed on 27 December 2019 (“SUM 6442”), the
Defendant applied for the Leave Order to be set aside in its entirety. The
Defendant did not commence separate proceedings to apply to set aside the
Award itself. The parties appeared before me on 4 and 11 March 2020. I
reserved judgment and now deliver my grounds of decision.

4 It was common ground during the hearing before me that s 19 of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (the “IAA”) read with
Article 36 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration
(“the Model Law”) as set out in the First Schedule (“Sch 1”) of the IAA would
apply in this matter, and not s 31 IAA as originally submitted by the
Plaintiff in its written submissions. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Minute Sheet (4 March 2020) at p 1; Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 22

By its plain terms, s 31 IAA only applies to foreign arbitral awards and would
not therefore apply when enforcement of a domestic international arbitral
award is being challenged under the IAA.

5 As explained by the Court of Appeal in PT First Media TBK (formerly known as
PT Broadband Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara International BV and others and
another appeal [2014] 1 SLR 372 (“PT First Media”) at [84] – [85] and [99],
the same grounds for resisting enforcement of a foreign award under Article
36(1) of the Model Law are equally applicable to a party resisting enforcement
of a domestic international award under s 19 IAA. Consistent with the design
of and the philosophy behind the Model Law, an award debtor has a choice of
remedies. In other words, an award debtor may actively apply to set aside the
award before the seat court, or passively seek to resist recognition or
enforcement of the award before the enforcing court (PT First Media at [65]
and [71]). A party may of course, in appropriate circumstances, also seek to
invoke both active and passive remedies.

Background facts

6 In Suit No. 300 of 2016 (HC/S 300/2016) (the “Suit”), [name redacted “CFA”]
commenced proceedings in the High Court against various parties, including the
Defendant, to recover sums owed to CFA under a loan agreement and variation
agreements thereto. Those sums were secured by mortgages and collateral deeds
of covenants granted to CFA over three Vessels (the “Vessels”) and by
corporate and personal guarantees. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at p 428 (Statement of Claim (HC/S 300/2016) at
para 8)

The Vessels comprised two steel tugboats and a steel deck cargo barge. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at p 81 (MOA lines 10 – 23)

7 Pursuant to a consent Order of Court (HC/ORC 4528/2016) dated 7 July 2016 in
the Suit (the “Authorisation Order”), CFA was authorised to conduct, on the
Defendant’s behalf, any and all activities necessary and/or incidental to the
marketing, advertising and sale of the Vessels. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at p 41; Final Arbitration Award at para 5.4.8

Another entity, [name redacted “CF”], in turn acted as an agent for CFA in
relation to those activities. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at p 42; Final Arbitration Award at paras
5.4.9–5.4.12

In these grounds, and for avoidance of doubt, I shall refer to CFA and CF
collectively as “CF”.

8 The Plaintiff (the claimant in the Arbitration) and the Defendant (the
respondent in the Arbitration) entered into a contract in the form of a
Memorandum of Agreement (the “MOA”) dated 3 August 2016 for the sale and
purchase of the Vessels. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DBOD Tab 1, p 5

The Plaintiff was the buyer and the Defendant the seller.

9 Clauses 11 and 12 of the MOA were central to the dispute between the parties
in the Arbitration and provided as follows:

11\. Buyer’s Default

Should the Purchase Price not be paid in accordance with Clause 3 (Payment) or
the Buyer fails to take delivery of the Vessels in accordance with this
Agreement for any reason whatsoever attributable to the Buyer, the Sellers
shall have the right to cancel this Agreement, in which case the Sellers shall
be entitled to forfeit and withhold the Deposit which shall be for the account
of the Seller, provided that the Buyer shall have the right to cancel this
Agreement and be entitled to a full refund of the Deposit in the event that,
whichever occurs earlier: (a) CF rejects the grant of the loan facilities to
the Buyer for the purchase of the Vessels; (b) CF does not approve the grant
of the loan facilities to the Buyer for the purchase of the Vessels within one
month of the date of this Agreement and the date which the Buyer delivers its
management accounts to CF for its 2015 financial year (whichever is later); or
(c) the terms and conditions in relation to CF’s loan facilities to be granted
to the Buyer are materially different from the Indicative Offer and the Buyer
rejects such terms and conditions within 15 calendar days of CF’s signed
commitment letter to the Buyer.

12\. Seller’s Default

Should the Sellers fail to validly complete a legal transfer of the Vessels in
accordance with this Agreement by the Date of Closing, the Buyers shall have
the right to cancel this Agreement, in which case the Buyers shall be entitled
to a full refund of the Deposit and any other monies already paid by the Buyer
(which shall be non-interest bearing) under this Agreement and for the
avoidance of doubt, Buyer’s sole claim against the Sellers for such failure to
deliver the Vessels shall only be for the refund of the Deposit and any other
monies already paid by the Buyer under this Agreement and Buyer agrees that it
shall not institute any other claims or proceedings against the Seller or
against CF for such failure.

10 It is undisputed that in accordance with the terms of the MOA, and in
particular Clause 2, the Defendant received a deposit amounting to US$335,000
(the “Deposit”) for the purchase of the Vessels. The Deposit represented 10%
of the total purchase price for the Vessels of US$3.35 million. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at p 37; Final Arbitration Award at paras
5.3.2-5.3.4

11 CF issued a Term Commitment Letter (the “First TCL”) dated 30 September
2016 to the Plaintiff, which constituted its offer to the Plaintiff to finance
a loan for the purchase of the Vessels. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at pp 159-169 (Annex 3 to the Statement of Case,
Tab 1 of NSL-4); 1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at p 133 para 10(b) (Statement
of Case)

The First TCL was never signed by the Plaintiff and was subsequently
superseded by the issuance of a second Term Commitment Letter (the “Second
TCL”) dated 14 November 2016. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at p 133 para 10(c) (Statement of Case); 1st
Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at p 170–180; Final Arbitration Award at paras
5.5.1-5.5.2

It was accepted by the parties that the Plaintiff entered into the loan
agreement with CF upon the Second TCL being signed. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.28

Both the First TCL and Second TCL were issued to [name redacted “XYZ”], a
company nominated by the Plaintiff. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 5.7.1

12 It is also undisputed that on or about 20 February 2017, CF informed the
Plaintiff that it was no longer able to fund the purchase of the Vessels. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at p 134 (Statement of Case at para 11); Final
Arbitration Award at para 5.7.6

This development threw the completion of the sale and purchase into disarray
and spawned the dispute between the parties. The Plaintiff’s position was that
as the loan facilities from CF were no longer forthcoming, it was entitled,
under Clause 11(a) and/or 11(b) of the MOA, to cancel the MOA and obtain a
refund of the Deposit, essentially on the basis that “the grant of the loan
facilities” had been rejected or had not been approved. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 5.3.12

On 23 March 2017, the Plaintiff (through its solicitors) demanded that the
Defendant return the Deposit but the Defendant refused. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at pp 182 – 185; Final Arbitration Award at para
6.63

The Defendant’s position (as intimated in its solicitors’ letter of 24 April
2017) was that the Defendant was entitled to cancel the MOA on the basis that
the Plaintiff failed to take delivery of the Vessels due to a
“reason…attributable to the Buyer” within the meaning of Clause 11 of the MOA
and thereafter, to forfeit and withhold the Deposit. The Defendant then
proceeded to do so. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at pp 187 – 188; Final Arbitration Award at para
6.64

13 The dispute between the parties was referred to arbitration pursuant to
Clause 13 of the MOA. Clause 13 of the MOA is reproduced as follows: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DBOD at p 5

13\. Law and Arbitration

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with
Singapore law and any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with
this contract, including any question regarding the existence, validity or
termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in
Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore Chamber of
Maritime Arbitration (‘SCMA rules’) for the time being in force at the
commencement of the arbitration, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by
reference to this clause or any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof
save to the extent necessary to give effect to the provisions of this Clause.

The reference shall be to three (3) arbitrators. A party wishing to refer a
dispute to arbitration shall appoint its arbitrator and send notice of such
appointment in writing to the other party requiring the other party to appoint
its own arbitrator within fourteen (14) calendar days of that notice and
stating that it will appoint its arbitrator as sole arbitrator unless the
other party appoints its own arbitrator and gives notice that it has done so
within the fourteen (14) days specified. If the other party does not appoint
its own arbitrator and gives notice that is (sic) had done so within the
fourteen (14) days specified, the party referring a dispute to arbitrator
(sic) may, without the requirement of any further prior notice to the other
party, appoint its arbitrator as sole arbitrator and shall advise the other
party accordingly. The award of sole arbitrator shall be binding on both
Parties as if the sole arbitrator had been appointed by agreement.

Although Clause 13 of the MOA provided for any arbitral reference to be
referred to a tribunal comprising three arbitrators, the parties mutually
agreed for the dispute in question to be determined by the Arbitrator as a
sole arbitrator. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Final Arbitration Award at paras 3.1–3.3

14 In the Arbitration, the Plaintiff claimed that it was entitled to a return
of the Deposit pursuant to Clauses 11 and 12 of the MOA, or on the basis that
the Defendant had been unjustly enriched and was liable in restitution.
Alternatively, the Plaintiff claimed that it was entitled to damages. The
Plaintiff claimed the release and/or return and/or repayment and/or
reimbursement of the sum of US$335,000 representing the Deposit for the
purchase of the Vessels. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Final Arbitration Award at paras 4.2.12- 4.2.16

The rival contentions of the parties were summarised by the Arbitrator in the
following paragraphs of the Award:

6.19 In sum, the Respondents’ position is that a ‘grant’ took place at the
point when CF committed to funding the Claimants’ purchase of the Vessels and
not at the time of the execution of the loan and security documentation or the
disbursement of the loan monies. Such commitment took place when the TCLs were
issued.

6.20 The Claimants have taken the position that loan facilities can only be
considered to have been granted to them at the point when CF allowed them to
drawdown on the facilities.

6.21 Such drawdown could not take place until the loan and security
documentation had been entered into and CF was ready and able to disburse the
funds.

6.22 That situation had not been arrived at when CF informed the Claimants
that it would not assist the latter in the funding of the purchase of the
Vessels.

15 An oral hearing took place with both parties calling witnesses to testify,
following which both parties tendered written closing and reply submissions.

16 The Award was in all material aspects in the Plaintiff’s favour. In
essence, the Arbitrator made the following findings:

(a) the sale and purchase of the Vessels was contingent on the grant of loan
facilities by CF to the Plaintiff and the two limbs were tied into one
transaction; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.1

(b) by the terms of the Second TCL, if the loan transaction had not been
completed by the final funding deadline of 15 December 2016 and if that
deadline was not extended in writing, CF was entitled to cancel the loan
transaction with no further obligation; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.2

(c) having carried on with the transaction beyond the final funding deadline
of 15 December 2016 thereby leading the Plaintiff to believe that the Second
TCL was still “alive”, CF was estopped and/or had waived its rights to
terminate its obligations under the Second TCL without giving the Plaintiffs
reasonable notice of its intention to do so; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.4

(d) in order to determine when the grant of the loan facilities took place
under Clause 11, the Arbitrator may examine the documents which comprised
commitment letters and/or loan agreements entered into by CF and the Plaintiff
subsequent to the MOA, including the Second TCL; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.26

(e) even though the parties had incorporated the SCMA Rules into the MOA,
which rules would have given the Arbitrator the ability to consider, if
necessary, pre-contractual evidence as an aid to the interpretation of Clause
11, the Arbitrator’s ability to do so was taken away by the parties by reason
of Clause 15 of the MOA (an entire agreement clause); 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.23(c)

(f) by way of contract, the parties had precluded themselves and each other
from adducing evidence of their pre-contractual agreements or other pre-
contractual extrinsic evidence as an aid to construing Clause 11 of the MOA;
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.24

(g) considering, inter alia, various provisions in the Second TCL, the grant
of the loan facilities under Clause 11 took place not when the Second TCL was
issued but when (i) CF and the Plaintiff were in the position where the
Plaintiff had executed and delivered all of the documents required of it under
the Second TCL, (ii) all conditions precedent set out in the Second TCL and
the other documents contemplated in the transaction had been met and both
sides were ready for the disbursement and (iii) the receipt of the loan on a
date not later than the final funding deadline of 15 December 2016; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.39

(h) the conclusion in (g) above meant that there was no need for the
Arbitrator to go further and examine whether Clause 11(a) was ambiguous in
terms such that a contextual interpretation had to be given to what the clause
means; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.40

(i) the position in (g) above was not reached when CF informed the Plaintiff
on 20 February 2017 that they were no longer able to help fund the purchase of
the Vessels; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.41

(j) given the finding in (i), it was not necessary for the Arbitrator to
consider the impact of Clauses 11(b) and 11(c) of the MOA; 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.42

(k) there was no difficulty in interpreting the three sub-clauses in Clause 11
as they stood and they were each distinct and separate; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.47(b)

(l) CF’s conduct indicated that it had carried on with the transaction beyond
the final funding deadline, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Final Arbitration Award at paras 6.54–6.56

and it had thereby indefinitely extended the deadline beyond 15 December 2016;
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.57

(m) CF, in extending the deadline under the MOA, had done so as an agent of
CFA, which was empowered pursuant to the Authorisation Order to act as an
agent of the Defendant in and about the sale and purchase of the Vessels; 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Final Arbitration Award at paras 6.60-6.61

(n) when CF told the Plaintiff that they were no longer able to fund the
purchase of the Vessels, the grant of loan facilities under Clause 11(a) of
the MOA did not take place, thus allowing the Plaintiff to cancel the MOA and
be entitled to a full refund of the Deposit. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Final Arbitration Award at paras 6.9, 6.39-6.41

17 Accordingly, the Arbitrator found in the Plaintiff’s favour and awarded the
Plaintiff the sum of US$335,000, the payment of which was to be made by the
Defendant to the Plaintiff either by procuring the release and return to the
Plaintiff of the sum paid into the Defendant’s nominated account or by paying
the sum to the Plaintiff directly. The Arbitrator also awarded interest on the
sum at the rate of 2% per annum from the date of the Notice of Arbitration
until payment. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Additional Award at para 10

18 As I shall elaborate below, the findings summarised at paragraphs 15(e),
(f), (j) and (k) above were at the heart of the Defendant’s grievances and its
application.

19 In SUM 6442, the Defendant applies to set aside the Leave Order on the
following grounds:

(a) Pursuant to Article 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law, recognition or
enforcement of the Award would be contrary to the public policy of Singapore
(the “Public Policy Objection”); and

(b) Pursuant to Article 36(1)(a)(iii) of the Model Law, the Award deals with
matters not contemplated by, or not falling within, the terms of the
submission to arbitration or contains decisions on matters beyond the scope of
the submission to arbitration (the “Scope of Submission Objection”).

Breach of natural justice and the Public Policy Objection

20 In respect of its first ground to set aside the Leave Order (see [19(a)]
above), the Defendant’s main argument is that there was a breach of natural
justice in the making of the Award which caused the Defendant to suffer
material prejudice, and that this breach would empower the court to refuse
leave to enforce the Award on the ground that allowing its enforcement would
be contrary to the public policy of Singapore. The Defendant submitted that
the breach of natural justice arose as a result of first, the Arbitrator’s
“decision to exclude evidence of pre-contractual negotiations”, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s Submissions at p 7

and second, the Arbitrator’s “selective consideration of matters” that it had
submitted on (namely, the Arbitrator’s alleged failure to consider the
Defendant’s arguments on the interplay between sub-clauses 11(a), 11(b) and
11(c) of the MOA). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s Submissions at p 11

Consequently, the Defendant submits, leave to enforce the Award should be
refused having regard to Article 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law.

Legal Principles

21 As mentioned at [4] above, it is common ground between the parties that the
same grounds available to a party seeking to resist enforcement of a foreign
award as set out in Article 36(1) of the Model Law are available to a party
resisting enforcement of a domestic international award under s 19 IAA.

22 Both parties had argued their respective cases on the basis that if an
award was made in breach of natural justice, enforcing it would be against the
public policy of Singapore. As such, in considering this ground, I have
proceeded on the assumption that if natural justice was indeed breached in the
making of the Award and prejudice was thereby suffered by the Defendant,
allowing its enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of Singapore.
Although it does not directly impact upon the outcome of this case, I express
some reservations about the parties’ asserted legal position, for the reasons
elaborated below. Nevertheless, as this point was not fleshed out by either
party during the hearing, I make no decision on it and leave it to be decided
in an appropriate case where the court is assisted with full submissions on
the point.

23 It is settled law that a party seeking to challenge an arbitral award on
the basis that it is against public policy must specifically identify the
public policy that, by virtue of upholding the arbitral award, would be
breached (Sui Southern Gas Co Ltd v Habibullah Coastal Power Co (Pte) Ltd
[2010] 3 SLR 1 (“Sui Southern Gas”) at [44]; John Holland Pty Ltd v Toyo
Engineering Corp (Japan) [2001] 1 SLR(R) 443 at [25]). The concept of public
policy in the IAA has been discussed by the Court of Appeal in PT Asuransi
Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 (“PT Asuransi”)
at [59]:

Although the concept of public policy of the State is not defined in the Act
or the Model Law, the general consensus of judicial and expert opinion is that
public policy under the Act encompasses a narrow scope. In our view, it should
only operate in instances where the upholding of an arbitral award would
“shock the conscience” (see Downer Connect ([58] supra) at [136]), or is
“clearly injurious to the public good or … wholly offensive to the ordinary
reasonable and fully informed member of the public” (see Deutsche Schachbau v
Shell International Petroleum Co Ltd [1987] 2 Lloyds’ Rep 246 at 254, per Sir
John Donaldson MR), or where it violates the forum’s most basic notion of
morality and justice: see Parsons & Whittemore Overseas Co Inc v Societe
Generale de L’Industrie du Papier (RAKTA) 508 F 2d 969 (2nd Cir, 1974) at 974.

24 The principles enunciated above apply equally to a case where enforcement
of an arbitral award is resisted on the basis that it would be contrary to
public policy. As such, it may not be sufficient for a party to simply assert
that if there was a breach of natural justice in the making of an arbitral
award, enforcing it would, ipso facto, be contrary to the public policy of
Singapore. A party should identify, with adequate specificity, the public
policy alleged to have been breached and how allowing the enforcement of that
arbitral award would be contrary to that particular public policy.

25 In its written submissions, the Defendant submitted that if the court finds
that there has been a breach of natural justice, it “would be empowered to set
aside the Award on the grounds that the enforcement of the Award would be
against the public policy of Singapore.” 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 4

It however, cited no authority for this proposition. The Plaintiff, in its
written submissions, appears to have cited AJU v AJT [2011] 4 SLR 739 (“AJU”)
in support of the proposition that the public policy ground encompasses breach
of natural justice. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 23 – 24

In AJU, the Court of Appeal stated (at [66]):

In this connection, we would reiterate the point which this court made in PT
Asuransi Jasa ([27] supra) at [53]–[57], viz, that even if an arbitral
tribunal’s findings of law and/or fact are wrong, such errors would not per se
engage the public policy of Singapore. In particular, we would draw attention
to the following passage from [57] of that judgment:

… [T]he [IAA] … gives primacy to the autonomy of arbitral proceedings and
limits court intervention to only the prescribed situations. The legislative
policy under the [IAA] is to minimise curial intervention in international
arbitrations. Errors of law or fact made in an arbitral decision, per se, are
final and binding on the parties and may not be appealed against or set aside
by a court except in the situations prescribed under s 24 of the [IAA] and Art
34 of the Model Law. While we accept that an arbitral award is final and
binding on the parties under s 19B of the [IAA], we are of the view that the
[IAA] will be internally inconsistent if the public policy provision in Art 34
of the Model Law is construed to enlarge the scope of curial intervention to
set aside errors of law or fact. For consistency, such errors may be set aside
only if they are outside the scope of the submission to arbitration. In the
present context, errors of law or fact, per se, do not engage the public
policy of Singapore under Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law when they cannot
be set aside under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law.

This passage recognises the reality that where an arbitral tribunal has
jurisdiction to decide any issue of fact and/or law, it may decide the issue
correctly or incorrectly. Unless its decision or decision-making process is
tainted by fraud, breach of natural justice or any other vitiating factor, any
errors made by an arbitral tribunal are not per se contrary to public policy.

[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold]

26 From the last sentence in the passage quoted above, there appears to be
some support in AJU that a breach of natural justice can be encapsulated
within the public policy ground as a basis on which enforcement of an arbitral
award may be refused. However, it does not, in my view, stand for the wider
proposition that recognising or enforcing an award made in breach of natural
justice would, ipso facto, necessarily be contrary to the public policy of
Singapore in every case. As stated at [22], the parties did not address me
fully on this point. As my decision does not turn on this point, it is
unnecessary for me to consider it any further.

27 In any event, both parties were in agreement that I could have regard to
the grounds set out in Article 36(1) of the Model Law (see [4] above). I am
therefore of the view that I can consider, in the alternative, whether the
Leave Order should be set aside on the basis of Article 36(1)(a)(ii) of the
Model Law, namely that enforcement of the Award should be refused on the basis
that the party against whom the Award was invoked (ie. the Defendant) was
otherwise unable to present its case. Even though this ground was not
specifically raised in SUM 6442 or in the Defendant’s affidavits, both parties
nevertheless argued their cases comprehensively on the basis of the breach of
natural justice ground. There is therefore no injustice or prejudice that
would be caused to the Defendant (or for that matter, the Plaintiff) if this
court were to consider whether enforcement should be refused pursuant to
Article 36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law (see OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn
Bhd [2012] 4 SLR 231 at [18] in the context of the court’s powers to allow an
unpleaded claim being raised). Given the manner in which the parties argued
their respective cases, Article 36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law would, in my
view, have been more relevant since that particular provision specifically
encompasses the breach of natural justice ground.

28 Either way, I now move on to consider the applicable legal principles in
respect of the breach of natural justice ground, on which both parties
presented detailed submissions.

29 It must now be considered hornbook law that a party challenging an arbitral
award on the ground that there has been a breach of natural justice must
establish all of the following elements (Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount
Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee”) at [29], reaffirmed by
the Court of Appeal in L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors
Pte Ltd and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 125 (“L W Infrastructure”) at [48] and
China Machine New Energy Corp v Jaguar Energy Guatemala LLC [2020] 1 SLR 695
(“China Machine”) at [86]):

(a) which rule of natural justice has been breached;

(b) how it was breached;

(c) in what way the breach was connected to the making of the award; and

(d) how the breach prejudiced the rights of the challenging party.

30 The approach of the courts to challenges to arbitral awards (or their
enforcement) based on the breach of natural justice ground is undergirded by
the overarching principles of limited curial intervention and recognition of
the autonomy of the arbitral process (Soh Beng Tee at [65(c)]). As explained
by the Court of Appeal in AJU ([25] supra) at [65], the “policy of the IAA is
to treat IAA awards in the same way as it treats foreign arbitral awards where
public policy objections to arbitral awards are concerned”, and as such,
findings of fact made in an IAA award are “binding on the parties and cannot
be reopened except where there is fraud, breach of natural justice or some
other recognised vitiating factor” (emphasis added).

31 From the cases that have come before the courts, it is possible to distil a
number of specific principles and pointers regarding the overall approach
adopted by the courts when dealing with a challenge to an award based on a
complaint of breach of natural justice. These principles would apply with
equal force to an application to resist the recognition or enforcement of an
arbitral award. Drawing together various strands from the cases, I would
summarise some of the more pertinent points as follows:

(a) the burden on the party seeking to persuade the court to intervene,
whether to set aside or refuse enforcement of an arbitral award, is a high one
and it is only in exceptional cases that a court will find that threshold
crossed (China Machine at [87]);

(b) the standard of proof for such a challenge is on the balance of
probabilities (see Beijing Sinozonto Mining Investment Co Ltd v Goldenray
Consortium (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 814 at [48] on s 31(4) of the IAA
in respect of whether enforcement of a foreign arbitral award would be
contrary to the public policy of Singapore; see also Denmark Skibstekniske
Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation v Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd [2010] 3 SLR
661 at [43], Strandore Invest A/S and others v Soh Kim Wat [2010] SGHC 151 at
[23] and Galsworthy Ltd of the Republic of Liberia v Glory Wealth Shipping Pte
Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 727 at [11] in respect of refusing enforcement of a foreign
arbitral award under s 31(2) of the IAA, which requires the challenging party
to prove grounds that are largely identical to those enumerated in Article
36(1)(a) of the Model Law);

(c) an arbitral award is to be read generously and in a reasonable and
commercial way, in the sense that the general approach of the courts is to
strive to uphold the award; in this context, consideration may be given to the
eminence of the arbitrator in his or her field and experience in the area of
law concerned (TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield Marine Pte
Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“TMM”) at [44] - [45] citing Atkins Limited v The
Secretary of State for Transport [2013] EWHC 139 (TCC) and Zermalt Holdings SA
v Nu-Life Upholstery Repairs Ltd [1985] 2 EGLR 14);

(d) flowing from (c), an arbitral award should be read supportively, meaning
it should be given a reading which is likely to uphold it rather than to
destroy it (Soh Beng Tee at [59]);

(e) the corollary of (d) is that it is not the court’s function to assiduously
comb an arbitral award microscopically in its attempt to determine if there
was any blame or fault in the arbitral process (Soh Beng Tee at [65(f)]; in
short, the court should not nit-pick at the award (TMM at [45]);

(f) the overarching inquiry (which must be contextual and based on the facts
and circumstances of each case) is whether the arbitral process was conducted
in a manner that was fair, and whether what was done (or not done as the case
may be) by the arbitral tribunal culminating in the arbitral award fell within
the range of what a reasonable and fair-minded tribunal in those circumstances
might have done (China Machine at [104(c)]).

Analysis and decision

32 With these various principles in mind, I turn to the first ground on which
the Defendant seeks to set aside the Leave Order, namely, that allowing the
Award to be enforced would be against the public policy of Singapore by reason
of the breach of natural justice in the making of the Award.

First Objection: The Arbitrator Excluded Evidence of Pre-contractual
negotiations

33 The gravamen of the Defendant’s complaint is that there was a breach of
natural justice as the Arbitrator decided to exclude evidence of pre-
contractual negotiations in interpreting Clause 11 of the MOA. The Defendant’s
case is that the Arbitrator did so without inviting parties to make any
submissions on the admissibility of such evidence, and in particular, whether
Clause 15 of the MOA, an entire agreement clause, precluded the use of such
evidence. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Submissions at paras 10 and 15; Final Arbitration Award at para
6.24

34 For ease of reference, Clause 15 of the MOA reads as follows:

15\. Entire Agreement

The written terms of this Agreement comprise the entire agreement between the
Buyers and the Sellers in relation to the sale and purchase of the Vessels and
supersede all previous agreements whether oral or written between the Parties
in relations thereto.

Each of the Parties acknowledges that in entering into this Agreement it has
not relied on and shall have no right or remedy in respect of any statement,
representation, assurance or warranty (whether or not made negligently) other
than as is expressly set out in his Agreement.

Any terms implied into this Agreement by any applicable statute or law are
hereby excluded to the extent that such exclusion can legally be made. Nothing
in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.

[emphasis added]

35 Counsel for the Defendant, Mr Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam, submitted that
the Arbitrator unilaterally excluded the evidence on the basis of Clause 15 of
the MOA. This was, Mr Kumarasingam contended, wholly unforeseen and surprising
as the Arbitration had proceeded on the basis that pre-contractual
negotiations would be considered in, and were central to, the determination of
the dispute. Further, in the Arbitration proceedings, both parties had
submitted on the use and relevance of pre-contractual negotiations in
interpreting Clause 11 of the MOA. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Minute Sheet (4 March 2020) at p 2; Defendant’s Submissions at paras 16–18

The Defendant also argued that at no time during the evidential hearing did
the Arbitrator (or the Plaintiff) raise any objections to the relevant
witnesses (in particular, the Plaintiff’s witness [name redacted “Mr X”])
being cross-examined on the pre-contractual extrinsic evidence. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Minute Sheet (11 March 2020) at pp 1–2

36 Counsel for the Plaintiff, Ms Magdalene Chew, submitted that the parties’
cases in the Arbitration had been mischaracterised by the Defendant in the
proceedings before me. Ms Chew contended that it was not the case that the
Arbitration had taken place on the basis that both parties agreed that pre-
contractual evidence was relevant and admissible. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Minute Sheet (4 March 2020) at p 4

Moreover, the parties were in fact allowed to make submissions on whether pre-
contractual negotiations were admissible, and in any event, the Arbitrator had
applied his mind to the issue of pre-contractual negotiations. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 36(a)

In addition, the Arbitrator’s reasoning in reaching the outcome in the Award
was not based on Clause 15 of the MOA. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Minute Sheet (4 March 2020) at p 4

Alternatively, even if there had been any breach of natural justice, the
breach was immaterial to the outcome of the proceedings. Therefore, the
Defendant did not suffer, and in fact could not point to, any material
prejudice. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 36(b)

37 As a preliminary note, there appears to be two facets to the Defendant’s
case that evidence was excluded by the Arbitrator resulting in a breach of
natural justice: first, that the Arbitrator did not ask parties to submit on
the admissibility of pre-contractual evidence, and secondly, that the
Arbitrator did not ask parties specifically to submit on the applicability of
Clause 15 of the MOA in precluding the use of such evidence. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 15

38 Given the heavy burden on the challenging party, I find that the Defendant
has not crossed the threshold to make out a case of breach of natural justice
on the facts before me.

39 With regard to the first aspect of the Defendant’s case, I observe that the
Defendant did in fact present submissions on the admissibility of extrinsic
evidence, albeit only at the stage of presenting its closing submissions in
the Arbitration. The Defendant had, for example, highlighted the principles in
Yap Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 and argued that various facts
asserted by the Plaintiff were based on inadmissible extrinsic evidence and
should be excluded for purposes of contractual interpretation. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DBOD at pp 386-387, 397 (Respondent’s Closing Submissions)

I accept that the focus of the Defendant’s closing submissions was on whether
the facts asserted by the Plaintiff had been sufficiently pleaded and/or
particularised (as opposed to the effect of Clause 15). Nonetheless, the point
remains that the general question of whether extrinsic evidence was admissible
to aid the Arbitrator in the interpretation of Clause 11 of the MOA was an
issue which the Defendant had submitted on. That issue was therefore clearly
within its contemplation. Further, the Defendant also presented submissions on
the relevance of extrinsic evidence, including pre-contractual evidence, to
advance its own case on when the grant of the loan facilities took place. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DBOD at pp 394–396 (Respondent’s Closing Submissions)

40 As for the second aspect of the Defendant’s case, I find that there was no
breach of natural justice even though parties were not asked to submit on the
impact of Clause 15 on the Arbitrator’s ability to consider pre-contractual
evidence. I say so for three reasons. First, the Arbitrator’s decision was
aligned to the primary position of the Plaintiff in the Arbitration and by
reason thereof, could not be said to be surprising or unforeseeable. Second,
the Arbitrator was entitled to decide on the question of admissibility of pre-
contractual evidence without calling for submissions from the parties. Third,
any potential impact that Clause 15 of the MOA could have on the Arbitrator’s
decision-making should have been foreseeable to the parties. I elaborate
below.

(1) The Arbitrator’s decision was not surprising or unforeseeable

41 The crux of the dispute between the parties centred on whether Clause 11(a)
and/or 11(b) of the MOA applied and in particular, how the words “the grant of
the loan facilities” that appeared in both sub-clauses were to be construed;
that was the decisive issue in the Arbitration.

42 Based on a reasonable and commercial reading of the Award, it is clear
enough to me that the position taken and conclusion reached by the Arbitrator
on the decisive issue of the interpretation of Clause 11(a) of the MOA was,
ultimately, aligned to the primary position of the Plaintiff in the
Arbitration.

43 The primary position of the Plaintiff, as fleshed out in, inter alia, its
Opening Statement and closing submissions, was that the wording of Clause
11(a) of the MOA was clear and unambiguous and that primacy should be given to
the text of the words used. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Affidavit of Tan Cheng Xi at pp 15–17 (Claimant’s Opening Statement at paras
32–40); DBOD at pp 278–290 (Claimant’s Closing Submissions at paras 35 - 55)

This primary position was consistent with the Plaintiff’s pleaded case in its
Statement of Case. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DBOD at pp 13–15 (Statement of Case at paras 11–12(b))

The Plaintiff’s alternative position (premised on a finding by the Arbitrator
that Clause 11 was not clear and unambiguous) was that it would still be
entitled to a refund of the Deposit on its interpretation of Clause 11, having
regard to the context against which the MOA came about. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DBOD at p 290, Claimant’s Closing Submissions at para 55

44 The reasoning which the Arbitrator adopted to reach his conclusion on the
decisive issue may be summarised as follows. In determining when the grant of
the loan facilities took place, the Arbitrator examined in some detail the
documents executed by the Plaintiff and CF subsequent to the MOA. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.26

In particular, the Arbitrator considered that both Term Commitment Letters
stated: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.33

Our [CF’s] commitment [to provide a loan to the Plaintiff] is conditioned upon
finalization, execution and delivery of the loan, security and related
documents consistent with the Term Sheet and otherwise reasonably satisfactory
to us.

In this respect, the Arbitrator found that the Term Commitment Letters set out
“in clear terms (that) the offer was conditional upon the execution of the
various documents” set out in the Second TCL. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.34

45 The Arbitrator also considered that the Term Commitment Letters contained
the line: 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.35

This Term Sheet outlines the basic points of business understanding around
which binding legal documentation will be structured.

The Arbitrator interpreted this to mean that further documentation had to be
completed by a mutually agreed date in respect of the grant of the loan
facilities, and funding thereafter disbursed according to the final deadline
set out in the Second TCL, ie by 15 December 2016. This interpretation
accorded with the Arbitrator’s analysis of the terms “commitment fees”,
“collateral” and “governing law” in the Second TCL. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.36–6.37

The Arbitrator then found that examining the evidence as a whole, it was
“clear…that the issuance of the Second TCL is not the point in time at which
the grant of the facilities took place”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.38

46 Having reached that conclusion on the terms of the Second TCL, the
Arbitrator found that “the grant of the loan facilities” referred to in Clause
11(a) of the MOA took place “when CF and the [Plaintiff] were in the position
where the [Plaintiff] (had) executed and delivered all of the documents
required of them under the Second TCL, all conditions precedent set out in the
Second TCL and the other documents contemplated in the transaction had been
met, and both sides were ready for the disbursement and receipt of the loan on
a date not later than 15 December 2016”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.39

This paragraph, in my view, represented the ratio decidendi of the Award. As
summarised at [15(l)] above, the Arbitrator also found that CF, by its
conduct, had indefinitely extended the final funding deadline beyond 15
December 2016.

47 The Arbitrator therefore construed the terms of both TCLs and in particular
those of the Second TCL to determine when the grant of the loan facilities
took place according to the terms of the Second TCL, before turning his
attention to Clause 11(a) of the MOA. The Arbitrator then considered the
meaning of the words in Clause 11(a), viz, “CF rejects the grant of the loan
facilities to the Buyer for the purchase of the Vessels…”. Having considered
and interpreted the terms of the Second TCL, culminating in his conclusion (at
paragraphs 6.38 and 6.39 of the Award) on when the grant of the loan
facilities took place, the Arbitrator then concluded that there was thus “no
need…to go further to examine whether Clause 11(a) is ambiguous in terms such
that a contextual interpretation has to be given to what that clause means”
(emphasis added). The Arbitrator found that the position as set out at [46]
above had not arrived when CF informed the Plaintiff that they could no longer
fund the purchase of the Vessels on 20 February 2017. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Final Arbitration Award at paras 6.40–6.41

48 The key question here is whether the Arbitrator’s reasoning as summarised
above, which led to the outcome on the decisive issue in the Award, could be
characterised as unforeseeable or surprising. In summarising the law in this
area, the Court of Appeal in Soh Beng Tee ([29] supra) at [65(d)] stated that:

In so far as the right to be heard is concerned, the failure of an arbitrator
to refer every point for decision to the parties for submissions is not
invariably a valid ground for challenge. Only in instances such as where the
impugned decision reveals a dramatic departure from the submissions…might it
be appropriate for a court to intervene. In short, there must be a real basis
for alleging that the arbitrator has conducted the arbitral process either
irrationally or capriciously. To echo the language employed in [Trustees of
Rotoaira Forest Trust v Attorney-General [1999] 2 NZLR 452], the overriding
burden on the applicant is to show that a reasonable litigant in his shoes
could not have foreseen the possibility of reasoning of the type revealed in
the award. It is only in these very limited circumstances that the
arbitrator’s decision might be considered unfair.

49 In my judgment, the Arbitrator’s reasoning was neither unforeseeable nor
surprising. The Arbitrator’s analysis and conclusions on when the grant of the
loan facilities took place and consequently, his finding that it was not
necessary to consider a contextual interpretation of Clause 11(a), meant, in
pith and substance, that the Arbitrator was agreeing with the Plaintiff’s
primary position. This is so even if this may not have been that clearly
articulated by the Arbitrator in the Award. It thus cannot be said, in my
view, that the Arbitrator’s reasoning or ultimate decision was unforeseeable
or surprising or that the manner in which the decision was reached by the
Arbitrator was irrational or capricious.

50 Whilst the Arbitrator may not have considered the pre-contractual extrinsic
evidence or invited parties to submit on the applicability or relevance of
Clause 15 of the MOA, the reasoning employed and decision reached by the
Arbitrator in the Award on the decisive issue did not, in my view, involve any
significant or dramatic departure from the parties’ submissions. To put it
slightly differently, it could not be said by the Defendant to be
unforeseeable or surprising that the Arbitrator would agree or align himself
with the Plaintiff’s primary position, and in doing so, find it unnecessary to
consider pre-contractual extrinsic evidence in construing the words in Clause
11(a) of the MOA. In my view, that the Arbitrator did not call for submissions
on the issue of admissibility of pre-contractual evidence or the applicability
of Clause 15 of the MOA is, therefore, in and of itself insufficient to amount
to a breach of natural justice that would warrant setting aside the Leave
Order.

(2) The Arbitrator was entitled to decide on the admissibility of pre-
contractual evidence without calling for submissions

51 Further, I find that the Arbitrator was entitled to decide on the question
regarding the admissibility of pre-contractual evidence in the interpretation
of Clause 11(a) without having to invite the parties to present submissions on
the point. I elaborate below.

52 Before me, Mr Kumarasingam contended that the Arbitrator’s decision to
exclude pre-contractual evidence on the basis of Clause 15 of the MOA was
wholly unforeseeable as both parties had proceeded on the basis that such
evidence was admissible. In support of that contention, Mr Kumarasingam
submitted that the Plaintiff’s witness, Mr X, was cross-examined on pre-
contractual evidence. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 13

He also submitted that the Arbitrator had allowed the Defendant’s application
for discovery of documents on negotiations between CF and the Plaintiff in
respect of two other vessels (the “Other Vessels”) which are not subject of
the present proceedings. According to the Defendant, it had argued in the
specific discovery application that these documents were relevant and
necessary for the fair disposal of the proceedings. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 14

Considering all these points in the round, Mr Kumarasingam argued, it would
follow that the Arbitrator’s decision to exclude pre-contractual evidence was
unforeseeable.

53 On the other hand, Ms Chew submitted that it was inaccurate to contend that
the parties had proceeded on any such agreed basis at all. In relation to the
discovery application, Ms Chew submitted that the documents sought by the
Defendant were in support of the Plaintiff’s argument that CF did not extend
the deadline for compliance with the Second TCL beyond 15 December 2016,
rather than on any issue pertaining to the relevance of pre-contractual
extrinsic evidence in interpreting Clause 11. Whilst the Arbitrator had
allowed discovery on the basis of the Defendant’s assertions as to why the
documents were relevant, it nevertheless did not impinge on the Arbitrator’s
discretion to decide on the materiality of the evidence or the weight to be
accorded to it at a later stage. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Minute Sheet (4 March 2020) at p 6; 1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at pp
1804–1807 (Redfern Schedule)

54 It bears repeating that the decisive issue before the Arbitrator was
whether the Plaintiff was entitled to repayment of the Deposit under Clause
11(a) and/or 11(b) of the MOA and the meaning of the words “the grant of the
loan facilities”.

55 Despite the Defendant’s submission that pre-contractual extrinsic evidence
was “front and centre” in the Arbitration, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Minute Sheet (4 March 2020) at p 3

the relevance of pre-contractual extrinsic evidence to the determination of
the decisive issue was not raised in the parties’ pleadings; it certainly did
not feature in any of the Defendant’s pleadings. Nor was it expressly or
clearly flagged in the Memorandum of Issues (“MOI”) or the Defendant’s Opening
Statement. Arguments on pre-contractual extrinsic evidence only came into play
in the parties’ closing submissions. With regard to the Defendant’s pleadings,
Mr Kumarasingam referred me to paragraphs 10 and 11 of the Defendant’s
Statement of Defence but those paragraphs refer, if at all, only to post-
contractual as opposed to pre-contractual extrinsic evidence. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Minute Sheet (11 March 2020) at p 4

56 Reverting to the cross-examination of the Plaintiff’s witness Mr X,
testimonies of witnesses are, ordinarily, only helpful or relevant insofar as
they support the pleaded cases of the parties. The relevance (let alone any
alleged centrality) of pre-contractual extrinsic evidence was not explained or
highlighted by the Defendant in the Arbitration prior to its cross-examination
of the Plaintiff’s witness. Moreover, any link or relevance between the pre-
contractual extrinsic evidence and the decisive issue was only raised by the
Defendant at the stage of closing submissions. As such, it would be incorrect,
in my view, for the Defendant to contend that parties had proceeded with the
Arbitration on the agreed basis that pre-contractual evidence was admissible.

57 As for the Arbitrator allowing the Respondent’s application for discovery,
that fact per se does not support the Defendant’s argument that pre-
contractual extrinsic evidence was a central feature of the case. Whilst the
Arbitrator allowed discovery of some of the extrinsic documentary evidence
sought by the Defendant in relation to the financing of the Other Vessels, I
agree with the Plaintiff that the Arbitrator’s decision was made on the basis
of the Defendant’s submission in the Redfern Schedule that the documents were
relevant to why CF did not further extend time to complete the transaction.
However, in the Award, the Arbitrator decided that it would be “inappropriate
and incorrect to link the financing arrangements of the Other Vessels” with
the vessels in question, as the Second TCL and the MOA do not make mention of
the Other Vessels. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.7

Quite clearly, at the stage in the Arbitration when the Arbitrator allowed
discovery of the said documents, questions of admissibility and weight to be
accorded to the documents had not yet arisen. The Arbitrator’s decision to
allow discovery of pre-contractual evidence did not mean that such evidence
would therefore necessarily feature in the Arbitration or in the Arbitrator’s
reasoning when the Award was eventually published. I therefore do not place
weight on this argument.

58 Even if I were to accept that both parties proceeded on the basis that pre-
contractual extrinsic evidence was admissible and relied on it in the course
of their closing submissions, the Arbitrator was not bound to simply accept
that position without demur. As noted in TMM ([31(c)] supra) at [65], an
arbitrator is not bound to accept or adopt only the premises put forward by
the parties. In addition, an arbitrator is entitled to infer a related premise
from an argued premise placed before it, without asking parties to submit new
or further arguments.

59 As held in AQU v AQV [2015] SGHC 26 at [18], the “principles of natural
justice are not breached just because an arbitrator comes to a conclusion that
is not argued by either party as long as that conclusion reasonably flows from
the parties’ arguments”. A particular chain of reasoning would be open to an
arbitrator if the links in the chain flow reasonably from the arguments
actually advanced by either party or are related to those arguments (JVL Agro
Industries v Agritrade International Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 768 at [156]).
Conversely, as noted in Soh Beng Tee ([29] supra), there may be a breach of
natural justice if an arbitrator “decides the case on a point which he has
invented for himself” (original emphasis) (at [41]), citing Sir Michael J
Mustill & Stewart C Boyd, The Law and Practice of Commercial Arbitration in
England (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989) at p 312), and that an arbitrator “should
not make bricks without straw” (at [65(a)]).

60 After considering the wording of Clause 15 of the MOA, the Arbitrator
opined that the parties had “by contract, precluded themselves and each other
from adducing evidence of their pre-contractual agreements or other pre-
contractual evidence as an aid to construing Clause 11 of the MOA”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Final Arbitration Award at paras 6.23-6.24

The parties had submitted on the interpretation of the words “the grant of the
loan facilities” both without (in the case of the Plaintiff in relation to its
primary case) and with reference to extrinsic contextual evidence in their
respective closing submissions. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DBOD Tab 8 (Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions) at paras 55 – 102; DBOD Tab 9
(Defendant’s Closing Submissions) at paras 63-71

61 In my view, the logically antecedent question of whether pre-contractual
extrinsic evidence was even admissible in the first place and ought to be
considered by the Arbitrator is one that reasonably flowed from or was, at the
very least, related to the parties’ submissions on the relevance of such
evidence. In the circumstances, the Arbitrator was, in my view, entitled to
explore and make a finding on the admissibility point even if the parties did
not submit on it and were not asked to. In similar vein, the applicability of
Clause 15 of the MOA is also a connected or related point that the Arbitrator
would be entitled to consider, even if parties had not been invited to submit
on it.

62 I turn now to address some of the submissions that were made in relation to
the MOI. Mr Kumarasingam submitted that it could not, as was argued by Ms Chew
for the Plaintiff, be plausibly contended that the applicability or effect of
Clause 15 of the MOA were sub-issues falling within the ambit of Issues 2(a)
and 3 in the MOI. However, Mr Kumarasingam also submitted that Issues 6, 8 and
9 in the MOI read with paragraphs 10 and 11 of the Statement of Defence,
viewed together with how the issues were ventilated during the Arbitration,
brought evidence of pre-contractual negotiations and contextual interpretation
into the arena. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Minute Sheet (11 March 2020) at p 3

For ease of reference, the aforementioned issues in the MOI are reproduced
below: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DBOB Tab 7

Issue 2 Did CF reject the grant of the loan facilities to the buyer for the
purchase of the Vessels?

(a) Was it a condition precedent of the Second TCL that the grant of the loan
facilities by CF to the Claimants, was subject to the finalization, execution
and delivery of the loan, security and related documents consistent with the
Term Sheet?

…

Issue 3 Did CF approve the grant of the loan facilities to the Claimants
within one month of 10 September 2016?

...

Issue 6 Was the Claimants’ failure to take delivery of the Vessels or pay the
Purchase Price due to a reason attributable to the Claimants?

(a) What constitutes a reason attributable to the Claimants for the purposes
of Clause 11 of the MOA?

…

Issue 8 On the construction of Clause 11(a) of the MOA read with the facts,
did CF reject the grant of the loan facilities to the Claimants for the
purchase of the Vessels so as to entitle the Claimants to a full refund of the
Deposit pursuant to Clause 11(a) of the MOA?

Issue 9 On the construction of Clause 11(b) of the MOA read with the facts,
did CF not approve the grant of the loan facilities to the Claimants within
one month of the date of the MOA and the date on which the Claimants delivered
their management accounts to CF for its 2015 financial year (whichever is
later) so as to entitle the Claimants to a full refund of the Deposit?

63 The first point I would make in relation to the submissions at [62] is that
paragraphs 10 and 11 of the Statement of Defence make reference only to post-
contractual evidence (see [55] above). Be that as it may, even if I were to
accept Mr Kumarasingam’s latter submission at face value, the applicability of
Clause 15 of the MOA and whether pre-contractual extrinsic evidence was
excluded by it would then constitute points (even if unargued) that the
Arbitrator could decide without inviting submissions from the parties. If
indeed Issues 6, 8 and 9 of the MOI read with paragraphs 10 and 11 of the
Statement of Defence brought pre-contractual extrinsic evidence and contextual
interpretation into the arena, then the question of the admissibility of such
evidence would, in my view, reasonably flow from or would, at the very least,
be related to those issues in the MOI and the arguments advanced in relation
to those issues.

64 As such, the Arbitrator was, in my judgment, entitled to consider Clause 15
of the MOA in his reasoning and come to a conclusion on it without first
inviting submissions from the parties.

(3) The potential impact of Clause 15 was foreseeable to the parties

65 I now move on to consider whether the Defendant could have foreseen or
anticipated that the question of admissibility of pre-contractual evidence
would form part of the Arbitrator’s decision-making process. The key inquiry
here is whether the Defendant could or ought to have anticipated the possible
impact, if any, of Clause 15 on the Arbitrator’s decision.

66 In Glaziers Engineering Pte Ltd v WCS Engineering Construction Pte Ltd
[2018] 2 SLR 1311 (“Glaziers”) at [56] to [62], the Court of Appeal discussed
three scenarios which may result in surprising outcomes for the parties:

(a) In the first scenario, the parties addressed a question which the
decision-maker posed as a decisive issue, but the decision-maker answered that
question in a manner that was “so far removed from any position which the
parties have adopted that neither of them could have contemplated the result”
(“Type One”) (at [56]).

(b) In the second scenario, the parties did not address the question which was
posed by the decision-maker as a decisive issue because they did not know and
could not reasonably have expected that it would be an issue (“Type Two”) (at
[58]).

(c) In the third scenario, the parties did not address a particular issue
“even though they could reasonably have foreseen that the issue would form
part of the court’s decision” (at [60]) (“Type Three”). A Type Three scenario
could occur because the parties “failed to apply their minds to it, or failed
to appreciate its significance, or because they each assumed that the
decision-maker would adopt their position on that issue”. Regardless of the
reason for which the parties did not address the issue, the Court of Appeal
held that this type of decision “cannot be set aside on the basis of any
breach of natural justice because if the parties could reasonably have
foreseen that the issue would arise, and if they choose not to address that
issue, they cannot complain that they have been deprived of a fair hearing”
(at [60]).

67 The Plaintiff submitted that the case before me is a Type Three scenario.
According to the Plaintiff, Clause 15 of the MOA could reasonably be expected
to be relevant to the determination of whether pre-contractual evidence may be
admitted to aid in the interpretation of the terms of the MOA. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 56, 67

The Defendant, on the other hand, submitted that the case fell within either a
Type One or Type Two scenario. The Defendant argued that this was not a Type
Three scenario because the Arbitrator relied on Clause 15 of the MOA to
exclude pre-contractual evidence when neither party had submitted on the
impact of Clause 15. According to the Defendant, there was no reason to think
that the Arbitrator would adopt that reasoning, as Clause 15 excluded only
prior agreements and not pre-contractual evidence. The Defendant reiterated
that pre-contractual evidence was a central feature of the Arbitration. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Minute Sheet (4 March 2020) at p 3

68 In my view, the present case bears a closer resemblance to a Type Three
scenario and therefore, enforcement of the Award should not be refused as
there was no breach of natural justice.

69 First and foremost, pre-contractual extrinsic evidence or the relevance of
Clause 15 of the MOA was not posed, either by the parties or by the
Arbitrator, as decisive issues. Neither of these points featured in the
parties’ pre-arbitration legal correspondence 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

1st Affidavit of Ng Seek Long at pp 182–185, 187–188

or their pleadings; nor was any clear or specific reference made to such
points in the MOI or the Defendant’s opening statement. I have summarised the
decisive issue at [41] and it was highlighted by the Arbitrator in the Award
as follows:

5.3.12 The Claimants argue that they are entitled to a full refund of the
Deposit pursuant to Clause 11(a) and/or Clause 11(b) of the MOA because CF had
not approved or had rejected the grant of loan facilities to the Claimants for
the purchase of the Vessels.

5.3.13 The Respondents strenuously resist this assertion.

70 Extensive arguments were canvassed by the parties on this issue. After
considering the evidence put forth by the parties, the Arbitrator reached his
decision on the issue in paragraphs 6.38 and 6.39 of the Award (see [45] -
[47] above). I agree with the Plaintiff’s submission that the Arbitrator’s
decision did not turn on the admissibility of pre-contractual evidence or on
Clause 15 precluding the use of such evidence. In other words, none of those
points was decisive or determinative as far as the Arbitrator’s conclusion on
the decisive issue is concerned. For this reason, the present case does not
fit easily or comfortably into the Type One and Type Two Glaziers scenarios.

71 In my opinion, this case bears a closer resemblance to a Type Three
scenario. As I stated at [61] above, admissibility must logically be a
precursor to the question of the impact or relevance, if any, of pre-
contractual extrinsic evidence. The question is whether, objectively, on the
facts of this case, the potential issue of admissibility or exclusion of pre-
contractual evidence was a reasonably foreseeable issue or question that the
parties (or more specifically, the Defendant) could or should have anticipated
or foreseen. In my judgment, it was. In the circumstances, the Defendant can
have no cause for complaint that it was deprived of an opportunity to address
the Arbitrator on this point.

72 Adopting Glaziers ([66] supra) at [64], where a party fails (knowingly or
otherwise) to apply its mind to and address a reasonably foreseeable issue
(even if that issue was subsidiary to the ultimate issue before the tribunal),
it cannot subsequently complain that it has been deprived of the right to a
fair hearing or denied a reasonable opportunity to be heard. Overall, I am of
the view that the Defendant is, in reality, seeking an opening to challenge
the Award on its merits in the guise of a complaint dressed up as a breach of
natural justice.

73 I find that there was no breach of natural justice occasioned by the
Arbitrator in this case in not inviting submissions from the parties on the
admissibility of pre-contractual extrinsic evidence or the effect of Clause 15
of the MOA. This ground of the Defendant’s objection therefore fails.

(4) No actual or real prejudice

74 Even if I had been persuaded that there was a breach of natural justice,
the Defendant’s objection would still fail as it would not be able to show
that the Arbitrator’s decision caused its rights to be prejudiced. It is trite
that there must be a causal connection or nexus between the alleged breach of
natural justice and the making of the award to establish actual or real
prejudice (L W Infrastructure ([29] supra) at [50], citing Soh Beng Tee ([29]
supra) at [86] and [91]). As further elucidated by the Court of Appeal in L W
Infrastructure at [54], the inquiry is whether as a result of the breach, the
tribunal was “denied the benefit of arguments or evidence that had a real as
opposed to a fanciful chance of making a difference to his deliberations” and
whether “the material could reasonably have made a difference to the
arbitrator rather than whether it would necessarily have made a difference”
(emphasis in original).

75 On the facts, any alleged breach did not cause the Defendant to suffer any
actual or real prejudice. Based on the overall tenor of the Award 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

For example, Final Arbitration Award at paras 6.8 to 6.10, 6.38 to 6.40 and
6.47

, any submissions advanced by the Defendant on the admissibility of pre-
contractual evidence and/or the impact of Clause 15 could not reasonably have
made a difference to the outcome of the Arbitrator’s decision.

76 The Defendant contended that it could, if it had been given the opportunity
to, rely on cases such as Sheng Siong Supermarket Pte Ltd v Carilla Pte Ltd
[2011] 4 SLR 1094 (at [36] - [37]) to make a case that an entire agreement
clause such as Clause 15 does not exclude extrinsic evidence for the purposes
of contractual interpretation. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Minute Sheet (11 March 2020) at p 4

The Defendant also contended that if the Arbitrator had taken into
consideration the pre-contractual evidence, the outcome of the case would have
been different. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 25

77 The Plaintiff’s response was that the principles on contractual
interpretation have been set out and explained by the Court of Appeal in cases
such as Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly
known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 at [31] -
[33], which held, inter alia, that the court should look at the text of an
agreement as the first port of call. If the text is itself plain and
unambiguous, and giving effect to it does not give rise to an absurd result,
the court will give effect to the meaning in the text. The Plaintiff contended
that this was in substance the approach taken by the Arbitrator and that it
was entirely unobjectionable to do so. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Minute Sheet (11 March 2020) at p 5

78 I note at the outset that in an application such as the one before me, it
is not the court’s role to assume the function of the Arbitrator in deciding
whether the Arbitrator would have admitted the extrinsic evidence based on the
parties’ submissions at [76] – [77] had those submissions been made in the
course of the Arbitration (L W Infrastructure ([29] supra) at [54]). To do so
would be antithetical to the overarching objectives of limited curial
intervention and autonomy of the arbitral process that permeate throughout the
IAA.

79 I also need not be satisfied that a different result would ensue had the
Arbitrator received the benefit of submissions on Clause 15 of the MOA. On a
close reading of the Award as a whole, it is my view that any submissions on
the admissibility of pre-contractual evidence and the impact of Clause 15 were
unlikely to have had any impact on the decision of the Arbitrator on Clause
11(a) of the MOA and the words “the grant of the loan facilities” in that
clause. The underlying tenor of the Award was that the wording of Clause 11(a)
of the MOA was clear and unambiguous and therefore, the Arbitrator needed to
go no further and consider pre-contractual extrinsic evidence for context. I
agree that in substance, the Arbitrator appeared to have given primacy to the
text of the words in Clause 11(a) of the MOA and found the wording clear
enough. Therefore, even if the Arbitrator had invited submissions on the
admissibility of pre-contractual extrinsic evidence and such evidence was
admitted, it could not reasonably have made any appreciable difference to the
Arbitrator’s conclusion on the decisive issue. As such, if necessary, I would
also dismiss the Defendant’s objection on this ground.

Second Objection: Selective Consideration of Matters by the Arbitrator

80 The next complaint of the Defendant in terms of the breach of natural
justice ground was that “for unknown reasons”, the Arbitrator did not consider
its submissions on the interplay between the three sub-clauses in Clause 11 of
the MOA, and that the structure of those sub-clauses was important to the
interpretation of Clause 11. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 26

In my view, this objection is wholly without merit.

81 In order to conclude that a tribunal had failed to consider an important
issue thus resulting in a breach of natural justice, the inference must be
shown to be “clear and virtually inescapable” (AKN and another v ALC and
others and other appeals [2015] 3 SLR 488 at [46]).

82 On the facts, the Arbitrator had focused his mind on the issue and cannot
be said to have failed to consider it. First, the Arbitrator stated in the
Award that in light of his conclusion on Clause 11(a), it was not necessary to
deal with the arguments on Clauses 11(b) and 11(c) of the MOA. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.42

Any issue on the interplay between the three limbs in clause 11 was thus
ancillary at best and not dispositive to the outcome of the Arbitration.

83 More importantly, the Arbitrator did in fact address the issue of the
interplay between the sub-clauses in the Award 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.47

. Having set out the Defendant’s arguments on the interplay at paragraphs 6.43
to 6.46 of the Award, the Arbitrator then stated his position “on this
argument” in paragraph 6.47. The Arbitrator concluded, firstly, that it was
“not for the Tribunal to re-write or give sense to clauses in the MOA which
might be perceived as not making sense when set against each other”; and
secondly, that there was “no difficulty in interpreting the clauses as they
stand”, as each sub-clause in Clause 11 of the MOA was “distinct and
separate”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Final Arbitration Award at para 6.47

84 The Arbitrator had clearly considered the issue and came to a conclusion on
it. The Defendant’s complaint was, in my view, an unabashed attempt to re-
litigate before me the merits of its arguments on the interplay between the
sub-clauses in Clause 11. This was, simply put, impermissible under the IAA.

85 For all of the reasons given above, I am of the view that the Defendant has
failed to establish its case that, on the balance of probabilities, there was
a breach of natural justice in the making of the Award or that by reason
thereof, allowing the Award to be enforced would be contrary to the public
policy of Singapore. In my judgment, what was done by the Arbitrator in this
case fell within the range of what a reasonable and fair-minded tribunal might
have done in those circumstances. I also find that the Defendant has failed to
establish that any real or actual prejudice has been suffered by it. I
therefore reject this ground of the application accordingly.

The Scope of Submission Objection

86 The second ground on which the Defendant seeks to set aside the Leave Order
may be disposed of fairly quickly. The Defendant asserted that the Arbitrator
did not adhere to the scope of reference in the Award, as the Arbitrator’s
decision to exclude evidence of pre-contractual negotiations fell outside the
scope of the terms of reference. According to the Defendant, the Arbitrator
exceeded his jurisdiction in finding that evidence of pre-contractual
negotiations was inadmissible. For that reason, leave to enforce the Award
should be refused having regard to Article 36(1)(a)(iii) of the Model Law. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s Submissions at paras 31 and 32

87 I find no merit in the Defendant’s submissions and have no hesitation in
rejecting them.

88 The applicable principles which guide the court in response to a claim that
an arbitral award (or part thereof) was not within the scope of submission to
arbitration are set out in PT Asuransi ([23] supra) at [44] and Sui Southern
Gas ([23] supra) at [34]. The task of the court is to ascertain:

(a) the matters which were within the scope of submission to the arbitral
tribunal; and

(b) whether the arbitral award (or the part being impugned) involved such
matters, or whether it was a “new difference” which would have been
“irrelevant to the issues requiring determination” by the arbitral tribunal.

89 As a preliminary point, I find it somewhat inconsistent for the Defendant
to argue that the Arbitrator’s finding that pre-contractual evidence was
inadmissible was irrelevant to the issues requiring determination and
therefore outside the scope of submission. As highlighted at [41], the
decisive issue placed by the parties before the Arbitrator for his
determination centred on the interpretation of Clause 11(a) and/or 11(b) of
the MOA and the meaning to be ascribed to the words “the grant of the loan
facilities” contained therein. The Defendant argued that pre-contractual
extrinsic evidence was relevant, and indeed, central to aid the interpretation
of Clause 11 of the MOA. If so, it must logically follow that the Arbitrator
was acting within his jurisdiction in considering the admissibility of pre-
contractual extrinsic evidence and the effect of Clause 15 of the MOA in the
process of coming to a decision on the decisive issue. Therefore, on this
score alone, the Arbitrator’s finding on the admissibility of pre-contractual
extrinsic evidence and the effect of Clause 15 cannot be said to be a matter
falling outside the scope of the parties’ submission.

90 Finally, it is insufficient for a party to simply demonstrate that an
arbitrator decided on a matter outside the scope of submission. As with a
challenge founded on a breach of natural justice, the court has to go further
and determine whether there has been any real or actual prejudice caused to
either or both of the parties (CRW Joint Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara
(Persero) TBK [2011] 4 SLR 305 at [32]). For the same reasons given at [75] to
[79] above, even if I were to accept that the Arbitrator’s decision to exclude
evidence of pre-contractual negotiations fell outside the scope of the terms
of reference, the Defendant has, in my view, suffered no real or actual
prejudice. Therefore, this ground of objection also necessarily fails.

Conclusion

91 For the reasons set out in these grounds of decision, I dismiss the
Defendant’s application in SUM 6442. I will hear the parties separately on
costs.

S Mohan  
Judicial Commissioner

Chew Sui Gek Magdalene, Cai Jianye Edwin and Tan Chengxi (AsiaLegal LLC) for
the plaintiff;

Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam and Sherah Tan Ying Zhong (Oon & Bazul LLP) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

