Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 123

Civil Appeal No 82 of 2020 and Summons No 112 of 2020

Between

Chan Sze Ying  
---  
  
… Applicant / Appellant

And

The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2948  
---  
  
… Respondent

Lee Chuen T’ng  
---  
  
… Intervener

In the matter of Originating Summons No 1203 of 2019

In the matter of sections 88(1), 88(2) and 88(3) read with sections 27(3),
29(1)(h) and 53(4) of the Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Cap
30C)  
---  
  
Between

Chan Sze Ying  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2948  
---  
  
… Defendant

Lee Chuen T’ng  
---  
  
… Intervener

grounds of decision

[Land] — [Strata titles] — [Meetings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chan Sze Ying

  
v

  

Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2948

  
(

Lee Chuen T’ng, intervener)

[2020] SGCA 123

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 82 of 2020 and Summons No 112 of 2020  
Judith Prakash JA, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
18 November 2020

24 December 2020

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal concerns the existence and the exercise of the power of the
chairperson of an annual general meeting (“AGM”) of a condominium’s management
corporation to adjourn the AGM. The condominium in question here is The
Caribbean at Keppel Bay (“the condominium”) located at Keppel Bay Drive.

2 On 3 August 2019, the condominium’s Management Corporation Strata Title Plan
No 2948 (“the Respondent”) held its 13th AGM. The intervener, Ms Lee Chuen
T’ng (“the Intervener”), was the chairperson of the incumbent 12th Management
Council (“12th MC”). By virtue of that position, she chaired the 13th AGM
during which elections for the 13th Management Council (“13th MC”) took place.
The AGM was held in the Keppel Hall of the Keppel Club which was located near
the condominium. The AGM was scheduled to start at 2pm and end at 7pm and the
premises were therefore booked for those hours. However, the AGM overran its
scheduled timing and it was not until 8.45pm that the counting of the votes
cast in the elections for the 13th MC was completed.

3 The 13th MC was to have 11 council members. The voting result was that ten
candidates were elected (Mdm Chan Sze Ying (“the Appellant”) being one of
them) but there was a tie in the votes for the 11th and final position between
the Intervener and another candidate, Dr New Eak Chan @ Neo Eak Chan (“Dr
Neo”), both of whom were standing for re-election. After the results were
announced, the Intervener adjourned the AGM without having a run-off election
to break the tie and without calling for a motion to adjourn, which would have
been the proper procedure. The adjourned AGM was reconvened on 19 October
2019, at which time Dr Neo withdrew as a candidate and the Intervener was
declared to be elected to the 13th MC accordingly.

4 In HC/OS 1203/2019 (“the OS”), the Appellant applied for the following
declarations:

(a) the AGM was adjourned illegally and/or improperly by reason of the
Respondent’s failure to pass an adjournment motion and the AGM was concluded
on 3 August 2019 accordingly; and

(b) the ten individuals named in the schedule annexed to the OS were the
members of the 13th MC upon the conclusion of the AGM and the members of the
12th MC had vacated their offices pursuant to s 54(1) of the Building
Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

5 The High Court (“the Judge”) dismissed the OS in a reserved judgment in Chan
Sze Ying v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2948 (Lee Chuen T’ng,
intervener) [2020] SGHC 88 (“the Judgment”). The Appellant appealed and also
applied for leave to adduce fresh evidence in CA/SUM 112/2020 (“SUM
112/2020”).

6 In the course of the appeal hearing before us, after hearing our views, the
Appellant decided to withdraw SUM 112/2020. We granted the Appellant leave to
do so. In respect of the substantive appeal, we were of the view that the
Intervener, as the chairperson, could exercise a residual common law power to
adjourn the AGM and that she did so lawfully in the circumstances. We
therefore dismissed the appeal. We now give the detailed reasons for our
decision.

Background facts

The parties

7 The Appellant and her husband are subsidiary proprietors in the condominium.
The Respondent is the management corporation of the condominium. At the
material time, its managing agent was Savills Property Management Pte Ltd
(“Savills”). Mr Chan Kok Hong (“Mr Chan”) was Savills’ representative in the
condominium. In these proceedings, the Respondent maintained a neutral
position both in the High Court and on appeal, leaving the issues in the OS to
be argued between the Appellant and the Intervener.

8 The Intervener is also a subsidiary proprietor in the condominium. As the
chairperson of the incumbent 12th MC, she chaired the AGM on 3 August 2019.

Before the AGM

9 On 30 June 2019, Savills, on behalf of the Respondent, informed the
subsidiary proprietors of the condominium by way of letter that the 13th AGM
would be held on Saturday, 3 August 2019 at 2pm, at the Keppel Hall in the
Keppel Club. The notice and the agenda of the AGM were enclosed in that
letter. The Keppel Hall was booked until 7pm that day. This was later than the
usual ending time of 6pm for AGMs because of the number of items on the agenda
for this AGM. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol III Part A at p 233, para 24.

The booking was until 7pm only as it was the managing agent’s and the
Intervener’s experience that none of the previous AGMs had gone beyond 7.35pm
and that an extension for one or two hours could be requested from the Keppel
Club if necessary. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA Vol III Part A at p 233, para 23.

10 The year leading up to the AGM on 3 August 2019 was a difficult one for the
12th MC and the Respondent. Issues that arose at the 12th AGM in 2018
continued to cause problems throughout the ensuing year. In addition, various
subsidiary proprietors had made complaints of “verbal abuse, legal harassment
and … even … of physical abuse”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA Vol IV Part A at p 36, ln 18–20.

This atmosphere of conflict set the tone for the 13th AGM.

The AGM

11 On 3 August 2019, the AGM was convened at the Keppel Hall. The Intervener
chaired the proceedings and was assisted by Mr Chan. The AGM was scheduled to
begin at 2pm but was called to order only at 2.30pm when the requisite quorum
was obtained. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript of AGM (“Transcript”) at p 1, ln 20: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 33.

Mr Chan announced that the AGM was scheduled to conclude by 7pm as the
premises had to be vacated by that time. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript at p 22, ln 9: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 54. See also ROA Vol III Part
A at p 233, para 24.

As the AGM continued, however, the proceedings slowed down despite efforts to
keep the AGM on track, as various issues were raised and argued, ranging from
personal grievances to criticisms of the 12th MC.

12 The AGM eventually reached the items on the agenda concerning the 13th MC,
the incoming management council (“MC”). Motion 10.1 was for the AGM to
“determine the number of council members for the 13th Management Council”, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript at p 126, lns 12–13: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 158.

as s 53(1) of the Act provided. Two options, 11 and 13 members, were put to a
poll. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript at p 135: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 167.

Voting on motion 10.1 was concluded at around 6pm. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA Vol III Part A at p 239, para 57.

Subsequently, the names of the candidates standing for election to the 13th MC
were shown. Following a number of discussions relating to term limits 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript at pp 140–142: ROA Vol IV Part A at pp 172–174.

and voter secrecy, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript at pp 143–146: ROA Vol IV Part A at pp 175–178.

the candidates were invited to introduce themselves. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcript at p 149: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 181.

These discussions were prompted by the attendees of the AGM and were
unexpected and unplanned for by the Intervener and by Savills.

13 In the course of the introductions, an unidentified speaker raised a point
of order to clarify what would happen if the AGM could not be concluded by 7pm
that day: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript at pp 168–169: ROA Vol IV Part A at pp 200–201.

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Chairlady, small question if I may? A point of order.
Like, we are not going to make 7 o’clock. So will there be another meeting if
we don’t finish it?

CHAIRMAN: I think we should just hear everybody out and at least get this
done.

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: I agree.

CHAIRMAN: Okay.

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: But I need to leave and I am here for the next item. Are
we going to –

CHAIRMAN: Yes. Well, I think give everybody chance to –

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: That is not the question.

…

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: The question, we are not going to finish before 7, are
we?

CHAIRMAN: We are not. We will just finish this resolution and then we will
make a decision after that, okay?

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Okay.

MR CHAN KOK HONG: Excuse me, sir, if we don’t make it by 7 pm, we are going to
have to adjourn this meeting and it will be held next month, and we will send
out a notice to you.

CHAIRMAN: Okay, but I think we all are here for a purpose, so let’s try and
finish this resolution, okay?

14 After a few more introductions from the candidates, Mr Chan announced that
the AGM had obtained an extension of one hour from the Keppel Club (ie, to
8pm) and stated his hope that they would be able to complete the elections and
the counting of the votes. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript at p 171, ln 12–16: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 203.

After the introductions were completed, voting commenced. As the result of
motion 10.1 had not yet been determined, it was not known whether the 13th MC
would consist of 11 or 13 members and the attendees of the AGM were told to
vote for 13 candidates. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript at p 180, ln 9–22: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 212.

15 Once again, an unidentified speaker raised a concern about what would
happen if the motion could not be resolved in time. The Intervener stated that
“if we can’t finish then we will adjourn the meeting”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript at p 181, ln 3–4: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 213.

Mr Chan clarified that they would “finish counting [the votes], declare the
results and adjourn the meeting”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript at p 183, ln 16-17: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 215.

They would then announce the date and time of the next meeting as well as send
out a fresh circular with that information. Mr Chan then said, “So if you have
to go, please cast your votes now, and then if you don’t want to wait for the
results, it’s okay.” 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript at p 183, ln 22–24: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 215.

This was the second time that Mr Chan mentioned the intention to adjourn the
meeting and the first time that he stated expressly that the meeting would be
adjourned after the announcement of the results of the elections.

16 While the AGM attendees waited for the votes to be counted, Mr Chan
announced the results of the various motions that were voted on earlier. For
motion 10.1, he declared that the AGM had decided to have 11 members in the
13th MC. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript at p 185, ln 12-15 and p 187, ln 13-19: ROA Vol IV Part A at pp
217, 219.

To save time, the AGM also proceeded to pass resolutions for motions 10.3 and
10.4 which concerned the powers of the 13th MC. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript at p 189: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 221.

17 At this point, a subsidiary proprietor asked whether they would vote on
other resolutions after the results were announced. Mr Chan clarified, “No.
We’re waiting for the results for the election of council members, and then
I’ll announce that the meeting will be adjourned.” 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript at p 190, ln 6–8: ROA Vol IV Part A p 222.

This was the third time that it was mentioned that the AGM would be adjourned
and the second time that it was stated expressly that the adjournment would be
after the results of the elections were announced.

18 The votes were counted by around 8.45pm. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA Vol III Part A at p 241, para 70.

Before announcing the results of the elections, Mr Chan stated again that they
had decided that they would adjourn the AGM after the announcement. He
clarified that motion 10.4 would be the last motion voted on that day.
Further, having checked with Keppel Club, the earliest convenient date for the
adjourned AGM would be 19 October 2019 at the same venue. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript at p 190, ln 12–p 191, ln 17: ROA Vol IV Part A pp 222–223.

One of the subsidiary proprietors asked if the adjourned AGM could be held
earlier. A suggestion was made to continue it at the condominium’s clubhouse.
Mr Chan replied that the date in October was reasonable and that the
condominium’s clubhouse would not be able to accommodate all the attendees. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript at p 192 ln 13–24: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 224.

He also announced that if the AGM was adjourned, the 12th MC would remain in
office until the completion of the AGM, regardless of the results of the
elections. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript at p 193, ln 9–18: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 225.

19 Following that announcement, there were further discussions concerning the
method of voting for motion 10.1 and whether this would affect the results of
the elections. In the course of the discussions, Mr Chan informed the AGM that
there was a tie for the 11th position in the 13th MC 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript at p 204, ln 15–16: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 236.

and that there would therefore have to be a run-off election between the two
candidates involved. At this point, however, he had not revealed who the two
candidates in the tie were. There was also no indication that the Intervener
knew that she was one of the two candidates involved. Mr Chan suggested
holding the run-off election at the adjourned meeting. This was met with
suggestions for a re-count and for the run-off election to be held that night.
Mr Chan replied that he had no objections to a re-count but that it should not
be done at that meeting as the AGM had exceeded 8pm already. He stated that
“we have to leave this place by 9pm” and “Everybody has to go. Otherwise they
switch off the lights”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript at pp 211–212: ROA Vol IV Part A at pp 243–244.

20 The election results were then announced by showing the names of the
candidates with the most votes on the screen together with the number of votes
that each candidate obtained. Based on the evidence, this was the first time
that the Intervener and Dr Neo were identified as the candidates who were tied
for the 11th position in the 13th MC. After announcing the results, Mr Chan
invited the Intervener to adjourn the meeting and she did so promptly. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript at p 213: ROA Vol IV Part A at p 245.

By that time, it was around 9pm, almost two hours after the scheduled time of
7pm: Judgment at [11].

21 After the Intervener had declared the adjournment, a subsidiary proprietor
objected that the Intervener was in a position of conflict of interest. He
asked for his objection to be recorded. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROA Vol IV Part A at p 274.

The attendees of the AGM then left the premises.

After the AGM

22 Between 3 August 2019 and 19 October 2019, the incumbent 12th MC met five
times to conduct its business. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROA Vol III Part A at p 247, para 93.

Among the decisions made at these meetings was a decision made on 12 October
2019 to approve a staff bonus for Savills, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROA Vol III Part B at p 74.

a point which the Appellant emphasised in her Appellant’s Reply. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s Reply at para 23.

23 On 27 September 2019, before the adjourned AGM was held on 19 October 2019,
the Appellant commenced the OS. We refer to the subsequent meeting as the “19
October Meeting”.

24 Dr Neo withdrew his candidacy at the 19 October Meeting and as a result,
the Intervener was declared to be a member of the 13th MC. Besides the
elections for the 13th MC, some 19 items on the agenda were still outstanding.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROA Vol III Part A at pp 242–243.

Resolutions in respect of these remaining items were passed at the 19 October
Meeting. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROA Vol III Part A at p 248, para 98.

The 13th MC took office after the conclusion of the 19 October Meeting.

The decision of the High Court

25 The Judge identified three issues for resolution in the Judgment. The first
was the existence and the exercise of a chairperson’s power at common law to
adjourn a meeting, which he termed the “Residual Power Issue”. The second was
whether the statutory provisions for adjournment in para 3A(1) of the First
Schedule to the Act excluded the residual common law power (“the Mandatory
Motion Issue”). The third was when members of an outgoing MC vacate office
and, correspondingly, when members of the incoming MC assume office (“the
Election Issue”).

26 On the Residual Power Issue, the Judge found that the chairperson had the
residual power at common law to adjourn meetings of his/her own volition under
certain circumstances, relying on Byng v London Life Association Ltd and
another [1990] 1 Ch 170 at 188D (“Byng”): Judgment at [37]. In this case, the
meeting had gone on for two hours beyond the booking time and there was a risk
that the lights would be turned off. Some attendees were already leaving or
preparing to leave. Even if the meeting could have extended past 9pm, this
could not “have accommodated those who had entirely ordinary expectations of
when the meeting was supposed to conclude” and would have prejudiced their
opportunities to speak and to vote: Judgment at [38]. A resolution for
adjournment would have taken time to be voted on and in the event that the
vote was against an adjournment, the meeting would still have to stop anyway:
Judgment at [39]. The Judge noted that there was no allegation of ulterior
motive against the Intervener (Judgment at [40]) and, in any case, that there
was no evidence of bad faith as the evidence showed that the exigency was not
manufactured by the Intervener to justify an adjournment.

27 As for the Appellant’s contention that the Intervener was negligent in
allowing the meeting to go way beyond schedule, that might show that she was
an inept chairperson but that was far from bad faith. On the other hand, it
might be argued that if the Intervener had held an iron grip of the meeting in
view of the large number of items on the agenda, there could have been
complaints that she did not conduct the meeting fairly. As there was no
evidence of bad faith, the Judge held that the Intervener had exercised her
power at common law validly to adjourn the meeting in the circumstances
(Judgment at [41]–[43]).

28 On the Mandatory Motion Issue, the Judge held that nothing in para 3A(1) of
the First Schedule to the Act excluded the residual common law power: Judgment
at [48].

29 On the Election Issue, the Judge identified s 54(1)(e) of the Act as the
governing provision. The Judge noted that the provision had two limbs and
provided that MC members had to vacate their offices either: (a) at the end of
the AGM following the one at which they were elected; or (b) immediately upon
the election of a replacement member at a general meeting. As he found that
the AGM was adjourned validly on 3 August 2019, the arguments mounted by the
Appellant on the first limb fell away: Judgment at [50]. As for the second
limb, the Judge held that “general meeting” refers exclusively to
extraordinary general meetings and not annual general meetings. An alternative
interpretation that “general meeting” includes an annual general meeting would
render the first limb otiose: Judgment at [53]–[54]. It followed that the
members of the 12th MC vacated office only at the end of the adjourned AGM at
the 19 October Meeting: Judgment at [16].

30 Having found against the Appellant on all three issues, the Judge dismissed
the OS. He did not think it necessary to consider the submissions relating to
the precise effect of an invalid adjournment (Judgment at [51]) and the other
arguments relating to standing, to the appropriate provision for the OS or to
the discretion to grant the declarations.

The parties’ cases

31 The Respondent took a neutral position in these proceedings. Therefore, we
consider only the Appellant’s and Intervener’s cases on appeal.

The Appellant’s case

32 The Appellant did not appeal against the Judge’s interpretation of s
54(1)(e) of the Act. She accepted that para 3A(1) of the First Schedule to the
Act did not exclude the residual common law power of the chairperson to
adjourn a meeting without the consent of the meeting. The Appellant’s
arguments centred on the issues of whether the residual common law power could
be exercised in these circumstances (she termed this the “When Issue”) and
whether it was exercised lawfully (she termed this the “How Issue”).

33 In relation to the “When Issue”, the Appellant argued that Byng stood for
the proposition that the residual power to adjourn could be exercised only
where it was impossible to determine the views of the meeting, ie, where it
was not possible to consider and vote on a motion to adjourn. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AC at para 38.

The Judge was wrong to have accepted the explanation for why no motion to
adjourn was put forward.

34 In relation to the “How Issue”, it was common ground that the exercise of
the residual power could be impeached for lack of good faith or on the ground
of Wednesbury unreasonableness: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at paras 40 to 43.

Byng at 190G–H and Fu Loong Lithographer Pte Ltd and others v Mok Wai Hoe and
another and another matter [2014] 3 SLR 456 (“Fu Loong”) at [37]. The
Appellant emphasised that the facts justified the inference that the
Intervener was delaying the resolution of the elections because she was afraid
to lose in the run-off election. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AC at para 67.

This indicated bad faith and Wednesbury unreasonableness on her part since she
made the decision to adjourn in her own interests and therefore, on the basis
of an irrelevant consideration. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AC at para 90.

The Intervener’s case

35 On appeal, the Intervener made two preliminary arguments. First, the
Appellant’s case on appeal was irreconcilable with the prayers sought in the
OS. The OS was predicated on the claim, as the Appellant argued in the High
Court, that the entire AGM was concluded on 3 August 2019. On appeal, the
Appellant accepted that the adjournment of the remaining items on the agenda,
other than the elections, to 19 October 2019 was valid and proper. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AC at para 22; Intervener’s Case (“IC”) at para 20.

Second, the Appellant conceded in the High Court that she was not alleging bad
faith but sought to raise bad faith on appeal without having sought leave to
do so. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

IC at paras 34, 38, 41.

Even if she had sought leave, leave ought not to be granted. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

IC at paras 42–43.

36 On the substantive issues, the Intervener argued that the circumstances of
the AGM justified the adjournment and she defended the Judge’s reasoning on
this issue. There was also no evidence of bad faith. In any event, the
Appellant had no locus standi, there was no real controversy and the
declarations sought should not be granted. Finally, the court had the power to
overlook any procedural irregularity in the AGM. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

IC at para 101.

In any event, if the adjournment was invalid, the meeting continued rather
than concluded. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

IC at paras 107–108.

Therefore, the meeting in this case was held in abeyance and was resumed
subsequently on 19 October 2019. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

IC at para 110.

Issues to be determined

37 It was common ground between the parties that the chairperson of a meeting
has a residual power under common law to adjourn a meeting, that this power
only arises in the event of certain exigencies and it must be exercised in
good faith and reasonably. Although the Intervener raised some preliminary
issues, we focus on the substantive dispute between the parties. As will be
seen, given our findings, there is no need to consider the preliminary issues
nor any of the other arguments raised by the Intervener about locus standi or
the requirements for a declaratory judgment to be granted.

38 The following issues arose for determination in this case:

(a) Was the Judge correct to find that the Intervener was entitled to exercise
the residual power to adjourn the meeting in this case (the “When” issue)?

(b) Was the Judge correct to find that the Intervener exercised the residual
power lawfully in this case (the “How” issue)?

(c) In the event that either (b) or (c) was answered in the negative, what was
the effect of the invalid adjournment and should the declarations be granted?

The “When” issue

The applicable law

39 A management corporation is a creature of statute: Fu Loong Lithographer
Pte Ltd and others v Mok Wing Chong (Tan Keng Lin and others, third parties)
[2018] 4 SLR 645 at [81]. Annual general meetings of a management corporation
are governed by statute as well: see s 27 of the Act and the First Schedule to
the Act. At the same time, however, there is a body of common law that applies
where the express rules governing a meeting are silent. The residual power
discussed in this case is part of that body of common law, which is of general
application and may apply to various types of meetings not just meetings of a
management corporation.

40 As a general rule, in the absence of an authorising rule or statute, the
chairperson has no power to adjourn a meeting without the consent of the
majority of the attendees: AD Lang, Horsley’s Meetings: Procedure, Law and
Practice (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2010) (“Horsley’s”) at para 13.6; Shackleton on
the Law and Practice of Meetings (Madeleine Cordes and John Pugh-Smith eds)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2014) at para 6-17. However, the chairperson of a
meeting has a common law power to adjourn a meeting under certain
circumstances.

41 One instance of this power was discussed in Byng, which concerned an
extraordinary general meeting of a company convened to pass a resolution to
amend the company’s memorandum of association. The company expected a large
turnout for the meeting and booked not just a cinema but also other rooms and
the cinema foyer, where they installed audio-visual links to the cinema.
Another venue, the Café Royal, was booked from 1.30pm to 5pm that same day as
a back-up. On the day of the meeting, there were difficulties with the
registration of members, so that when the chairman purported to open the
meeting, there were still members held up at the registration. Further, the
audio-visual links between the cinema and the other locations were not
working. The chairman decided to adjourn the meeting to 2.30pm that afternoon
at the Café Royal, where the substantive resolution was passed. An action was
brought for declarations that the resolution was not passed validly at the
meeting that afternoon. The articles of association of the company included an
Art 18 that provided that the chairman may adjourn a meeting with the consent
of the meeting.

42 In discussing the chairperson’s common law power to adjourn, Sir Nicholas
Browne-Wilkinson V-C identified the general principles as follows (Byng at
186B–187A):

… A chairman has no general right to adjourn a meeting at his own will and
pleasure, there being no circumstance preventing the effective continuation of
the proceedings: National Dwellings Society v. Sykes [1894] 3 Ch. 159, 162.
However, it is clearly established that a chairman has such power where unruly
conduct prevents the continuation of business: John v. Rees [1970] Ch. 345,
379 et seq. In my judgment it is also established that when in an orderly
meeting a poll is demanded on a motion to adjourn and such poll cannot be
taken forthwith, the chairman has power to suspend the meeting with a view to
its continuance at a later date after the result of the poll is known: Jackson
v. Hamlyn [1953] Ch. 577. …

In my judgment the position at common law is correctly set out in John v. Rees
[1970] Ch. 345 and in the two following passages. The first quoted, at p. 380,
is from Reg. v. D'Oyly (1840) 12 Ad. & El. 139, 159:

‘Setting aside the inconvenience that might arise if a majority of the
parishioners could determine the point of adjournment, we think that the
person who presides at the meeting is the proper individual to decide this. It
is on him that it devolves, both to preserve order in the meeting, and to
regulate the proceedings so as to give all persons entitled a reasonable
opportunity of voting. He is to do the acts necessary for these purposes on
his own responsibility, and subject to being called upon to answer for his
conduct if he has done anything improperly.’ (My emphasis.)

The second passage quoted, at p. 381, is from A Practical Arrangement of
Ecclesiastical Law by F. N. Rogers Q.C. published in 1840. The passage says
that [the decision in Stoughton v. Reynolds, 2 Str 1045; Fort. 168, which
stood for the proposition that a chairperson cannot disrupt a meeting while it
is in orderly progress]:

‘by no means interferes with the right which every chairman has to make a bona
fide adjournment, whilst a poll or other business is proceeding, if
circumstances of violent interruption make it unsafe, or seriously difficult
for the voters to tender their votes; nor of adjourning the place of polling,
if the ordinary place used for that purpose be insufficient or greatly
inconvenient. In most of such cases, the question will turn upon the intention
and effect of the adjournment, if the intention and effect were to interrupt
and procrastinate the business, such an adjournment would be illegal; if on
the contrary, the intention and effect were to forward or facilitate it, and
no injurious effect were produced, such an adjournment would, it is conceived,
be generally supported.’ (My emphasis.)

[emphasis in original]

43 In Byng, a motion to adjourn could not have been put to the meeting since
there were members who were excluded from voting by the circumstances. Article
18 of the articles of association did not preclude the exercise of a residual
common law power to adjourn the meeting, given that the views of the members
on an adjournment could not be ascertained by way of a vote (at 188C).
Therefore, the English Court of Appeal held that the common law power could be
exercised (at 188D). However, it went on to hold that the exercise of power in
that case was unreasonable because the chairman had failed to take into
account the facts that it would be difficult for the members to attend a
meeting that afternoon and that proxies could not be arranged in time (at
191E).

44 The Appellant also referred to the case of Jackson and others v Hamlyn and
others [1953] 2 WLR 709 (“Jackson”), a decision of Upjohn J in the English
High Court. The plaintiffs in that case, as shareholders of a company, had
requisitioned an extraordinary general meeting. The meeting was held on 20
January 1953 and began at around 12 noon. At around 3pm, a shareholder moved
an adjournment for one month, which was carried on a show of hands. However,
one of the plaintiffs demanded a poll on the motion to adjourn. The chairman
of the meeting was informed that the poll would take at least two hours but
the venue for the meeting would not be available for much longer. It was also
not reasonable or practical to move the meeting to an alternative venue. The
poll was taken but it was decided that the results of the poll would be
announced later. If the poll was in favour of the adjournment, then the
meeting would be adjourned for 30 days, and if not, then another meeting would
be called as soon as practicable. It transpired that the motion to adjourn was
defeated and the meeting was resumed on 29 January 1953. The issue was whether
the meeting on 29 January 1953 was a continuation of the 20 January meeting
(as the plaintiffs argued it was) or was an entirely new meeting. This had an
impact on the validity of proxies that had been submitted.

45 Upjohn J held that the meeting on 29 January was a continuation of the
meeting held on 20 January (Jackson at 716):

… The sole reason that the meeting did not in fact proceed on January 20 was
due to the physical impossibility of continuing it further. Had that been
possible, it would have continued. If the poll had taken perhaps half an hour,
the meeting would have continued, and the main business before the meeting
would have been debated. If I am to treat the meeting as having been
dissolved, because it was physically impossible to count the votes then and
there and continue the meeting, the result would indeed be extraordinary;
because in law, as I have already pointed out, the reconvened meeting would be
a new meeting at which new business could be considered, and therefore the
result of the opposition to the adjournment on which the plaintiffs succeeded
would be to place them in a far worse position than if they had supported the
adjournment.

Common sense has been appealed to in this case, but, in my judgment, common
sense is entirely on the side of the plaintiffs. If for physical reasons such
as I have mentioned it was impossible to continue the meeting then and there,
I personally feel no difficulty in assuming that the new meeting which is to
be convened when the result of the poll is known is a continuation of the
existing meeting. …

It seems to me that I must give business efficacy to article 67 of the
articles of association. The words ‘A poll on any question of adjournment
shall be taken immediately’ mean that it must be taken as soon as practicable
in all the circumstances, and if, owing to the size of the company or to some
other reason, it is impossible then and there to go on with the meeting, it
seems plain that any meeting that is convened to hear the result of the poll
and to continue with the business of the meeting must be a continuation of the
existing meeting.

It should be noted that Upjohn J did not consider the decision to hold over
the meeting from 20 January 1953 to be an “adjournment”. However, for present
purposes, this distinction is not important.

46 In addition, the Appellant cited a decision of the Malaysian Court of
Appeal, CepatWawasan Group Bhd v Datuk Lo Fui Ming & Ors [2005] 2 MLJ 57
(“CepatWawasan”). That case concerned an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”)
of a company held at the request of the first, second and third respondents.
The resolutions to be considered were for the removal of three directors and
the appointment of the first and fourth respondents (and another person) as
directors. On the morning of the EGM, the company was served with an
injunction restraining the first, fourth and sixth respondents from exercising
the voting rights arising from certain shares that they held. The chairman
adjourned the EGM without a motion to adjourn. The central issue was whether
this EGM was adjourned validly.

47 The Malaysian Court of Appeal held that the EGM was not adjourned validly.
The company’s articles of association included an Art 61 which provided that
the chairperson may adjourn the meeting with the consent of the meeting. It
was common ground that the chairperson had not complied with Art 61 and was
seeking to rely on the residual common law power to adjourn, citing Byng. The
Court held that Byng stood for the proposition that the residual common law
power to adjourn could be exercised only if (at [15]):

… it is not possible to discover the wishes of the meeting. If it is possible
to ascertain the wishes of the meeting, the chairman must act according to
them, so that if the meeting does not consent to an adjournment, the meeting
must proceed, even though there may be risks of whatever nature in proceeding.
The wisdom in proceeding or not proceeding is a matter to be left entirely to
the meeting if its wishes can be ascertained.

48 The chairperson’s justification for adjourning the EGM in that case was
that he was concerned about the validity of whatever the meeting decided
because of the injunction enjoining the first, fourth and sixth respondents
from exercising their voting rights. However, the Court held that this was not
a circumstance that conferred on the chairperson a power to adjourn without
the consent of the meeting: CepatWawasan at [18]. Further, the Court found
that the concern was not substantial as the first, fourth and sixth
respondents could still vote with their remaining shares and wanted the EGM to
consider the resolutions that they had put forward: CepatWawasan at [18].

49 On the basis of Byng, Jackson and CepatWawasan, the Appellant here argued
that the residual power could “only be invoked where the circumstances are
such that it is impossible to ascertain whether the express machinery provided
for an adjournment … can be complied with. Thus, if it is possible for the
views of the meeting to be ascertained, there is no scope for the exercise of
the residual power” 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AC at para 38.

[emphasis in original]. If voting was impossible, the exercise of the residual
power would be warranted. However, the attendees at the AGM made it clear that
they were not seeking an adjournment. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AC at para 58.

50 In our judgment, the residual common law power to adjourn may be exercised
even if it is possible to vote on a motion to adjourn if the reality is that
the proceedings cannot reasonably be expected to continue. In this area of the
law, as in many other areas, it is common sense that should prevail.

51 We do not think that the authorities cited by the Appellant restricted the
residual common law power to only a situation when a motion to adjourn could
not be put forward or considered properly by the meeting. The principles cited
by the English Court of Appeal in Byng at 186E–H were based on the
chairperson’s duty to “preserve order in the meeting, and to regulate the
proceedings so as to give all persons entitled a reasonable opportunity of
voting”. We should not elevate one instance where the residual common law
power was exercised validly into a general rule that the particular instance
is the only situation in which the power can arise.

52 Byng, Jackson and CepatWawasan were decided on their own facts and the
specific circumstances which led to the decisions to adjourn the meetings. In
Byng, the circumstances meant that the motion to adjourn could not be
considered properly. In Jackson, there was already a poll taken on a motion to
adjourn. In CepatWawasan, the only concern that the chairperson had was the
legal risk of continuing when there was an injunction preventing certain
shareholders from exercising the votes associated with some shares. Since
there was no actual bar to continuing with the meeting, the only question was
of “[t]he wisdom in proceeding or not proceeding” and this was to be left to
the meeting if its wishes could be ascertained (CepatWawasan at [15]). These
cases involved specific factual situations where the chairpersons had to
decide in response to the circumstances that arose there and the conclusions
reached in those cases were therefore tailored to the facts. In our opinion,
the particular factual situations are examples of when the residual power to
adjourn could or could not be exercised validly and do not purport to
represent the only situations for its lawful exercise.

53 We acknowledge that the common law power is residual in the sense that it
cannot be exercised where a specific procedure to adjourn is provided by law
or in the governing rules of association and the specific procedure is
workable and practicable in the circumstances of the case. In the present
case, a procedure on adjournment was provided in para 3A(1) of the First
Schedule to the Act and that should be complied with as far as possible.

54 However, the Appellant’s restrictive view of the residual common law power
would mean that the procedure in the said para 3A(1) becomes unworkable only
if a motion to adjourn was put forward but could not be considered properly.
In our opinion, if it is obviously impractical and or even meaningless to vote
on a motion to adjourn because the meeting would have to be adjourned or held
over whatever the outcome of that motion, that would clearly be a situation
where complying with the specific procedure would be a complete waste of time
and an exercise in futility. In such situations, the residual power to adjourn
would also arise. This is a matter of common sense and pragmatism. On the
facts of this case, there would obviously be insufficient time for the many
remaining items on the agenda to be considered even if a motion to adjourn had
been considered and defeated. The meeting was conducted on rented premises,
had already overrun its booked time slot by nearly two hours and it was
already almost 9pm.

55 The parties proceeded on the basis that the test for when the residual
power to adjourn could arise should be one of “impossibility”. This means that
the residual power can be invoked only if it is impossible for the specific
procedure for adjournment to be followed. We prefer the view that the test or
standard to apply is that of reasonableness. On the facts here, while it might
not have been impossible to carry on with the AGM for another ten to 15
minutes until about 9pm for the purpose of dealing with a motion to adjourn,
it would be meaningless and futile to do so because there were still many
items on the agenda which had not been dealt with and the AGM would have to be
adjourned whatever the outcome of the motion to adjourn. The residual power to
adjourn a meeting without compliance with the specific procedure should
therefore be exercisable when the meeting cannot reasonably be expected to
continue. This is an objective inquiry, bearing in mind the prevailing
circumstances. We think this gives sufficient discretion to chairpersons of
meetings to regulate proceedings properly, using their good sense to meet the
situation as it unfolds. This is obviously not a licence for chairpersons of
meetings to ignore the views of the attendees. Their actions must stand up to
objective scrutiny so that attendees of the meetings and interested parties
are not prejudiced.

Analysis of the facts

56 As mentioned earlier, Mr Chan had informed the attendees of the AGM that
they had to leave the venue by 9pm and that “Everybody has to go. Otherwise
they switch off the lights”. The Appellant’s primary factual argument on
appeal was that, in fact, Savills did not request an extension of the use of
the Keppel Hall beyond 9pm and that a request for such extension could have
been granted by the Keppel Club if it was made.

57 However, the Intervener exhibited an exchange of emails between Ricky Sun,
the Food & Beverage (“F&B”) coordinator of the Keppel Club, and Avril Lee of
Savills, the residential manager in the condominium. In Avril Lee’s email
dated 30 September 2019 to Ricky Sun, she stated: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ROA Vol III Part B at p 172.

Dear Ricky,

Thank you for your help in the arrangement of our AGM.

On 3 August 2019, when we held our AGM at Keppel Hall, there was a request for
extension of the hall. My colleagues checked with you and was told that the
latest we need to leave hall will be 9pm.

Can we confirm with you:

1\. Was it because our extension was a last minutes request, that was why the
extension can only be up till 9pm?

2\. Does the length of extension depends on the type of package booked?

Appreciate it if you can reply to my queries.

…

58 After a reminder by Avril Lee, Ricky Sun replied on 7 October 2019 that as
the event (the AGM) was booked until 7pm, any extension was subject to
availability. As a caterer was going to the premises at 9.30pm that night to
do its pre-event set up, the Keppel Hall was available until 9pm. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ROA Vol III Part B at p 171.

59 To refute the above, the Appellant relied on an email dated 11 November
2019 from Jason Tan, the F&B manager of Keppel Club, to Tony Chang, a
subsidiary proprietor in the condominium and also a member of the Keppel Club.
In that email, Jason Tan stated that the organisers of the AGM did not request
an extension but only informed Keppel Club that the meeting would end at 9pm
and be adjourned. Further, the staff did not attempt to kick any of the
attendees out of the premises nor did they switch off the lights. Instead,
they would “accord some flexibility if required”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ROA Vol III Part C at p 22.

The fresh evidence that was sought initially to be admitted in SUM 112/2020
also dealt with this issue and we shall say more about this later.

60 In our view, Jason Tan did not appear to be involved directly in the events
on the night of 3 August 2019 and his knowledge appeared to have been gleaned
from others sometime after the event. Whatever the case, the facts showed that
on 3 August 2019, someone from Keppel Club had given the impression to
Savills’ staff on-site that the booked venue could be used until 9pm only and
that was duly conveyed to the AGM. When Avril Lee asked Ricky Sun about the
extension of time in her email of 30 September 2019, Ricky Sun did not correct
her statement that her colleagues were told that the extension could be up to
9pm only. Instead, he explained why the venue could be used for the AGM until
9pm only, thereby confirming that Savills’ staff were told about the latest
time that the meeting venue could be used for the AGM. Therefore, the
impression or belief on the part of Savills’ staff that the extension of use
that night could be up to 9pm only must have arisen from what someone in
Keppel Club said on the night of the AGM. In our opinion, when Mr Chan told
the attendees at the AGM that “Everybody has to go. Otherwise they switch off
the lights”, that was mere hyperbole to emphasise that the AGM had already
overrun its booking by almost two hours and that Keppel Club needed to use the
premises after 9pm. Similarly, any statements made about the attendees being
kicked out of the premises after 9pm that night were surely not meant to be
taken literally.

61 Apart from this, in order to show that there was still time to consider a
motion to adjourn, the Appellant pointed out that the video recording of the
AGM showed that some 15 minutes were left on the recording after the
adjournment was announced. The Appellant submitted therefore that the AGM
could have continued for 15 more minutes and that the time could have been
used to vote on an adjournment. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AC at para 57.

62 In our opinion, however, given the tone of the AGM that day, expecting that
15 minutes would have been sufficient to complete the debate and the voting on
the motion to adjourn might be rather optimistic. In any case, the video
recording showed that time was needed for the attendees to vacate the
premises, supporting the Intervener’s case that an adjournment at about 9pm
that night was justified so that the premises could be returned to Keppel Club
in good time. Further, even if the said motion could have been completed
within 15 minutes, as we have stated earlier, the fact remained that the AGM
could not reasonably have continued whatever the outcome of the voting.

63 Even if we consider the Appellant’s case at its highest and proceed on the
basis that no extension of time beyond 9pm was sought by Savills’ staff and
that the Keppel Club would have acceded to a request for the use of the venue
beyond that time, we would still hold the view that the Intervener could
exercise the residual common law power to adjourn the AGM. This is because the
AGM plainly could not reasonably have continued to its conclusion in the
circumstances and at that time of the night. This also mirrored the Judge’s
approach which did not place much weight on what was said in either Ricky
Sun’s or Jason Tan’s emails but instead considered the circumstances in their
totality: Judgment at [38]–[43].

64 First, the AGM had gone on since 2.30pm (apparently without any break) and
had exceeded the expected time of conclusion of 7pm by almost two hours
already. When the first extension for the use of the venue to 8pm was
obtained, the AGM continued but as time went on, it became clear to Mr Chan
and the Intervener that the meeting would have to be adjourned after the
election results were announced. The meeting breached the first extension of
time and continued to 8.45pm when the counting of the votes was concluded. The
adjournment was declared soon thereafter. We believe 8.45pm would be way past
normal dinner time for most people in Singapore. The AGM had gone on for more
than six hours on a Saturday and almost two hours after its scheduled
conclusion time. We do not think any chairperson would have been reasonably
expected, much less required, to seek a further extension past 9pm in these
circumstances.

65 Second, even if it was decided that the AGM should continue past 9pm, there
were some 19 items left on the agenda for discussion, not forgetting the run-
off election to break the tie for the final position in the 13th MC. It was
plainly not realistic for the remaining items to be dealt with on 3 August
2019. The Appellant accepted this on appeal. This was especially so because
some of the remaining items involved substantive matters relating to capital
expenditure and improvement works in the condominium (item 11.1), the
replacement of lights throughout the development with LED lights (item 11.2)
and the introduction of a new by-law concerning the installation of roof
covers which might affect the common property (item 12.1). There were also
various matters submitted by the subsidiary proprietors for consideration.
Bearing in mind the generally contentious and vocal atmosphere that pervaded
the AGM that day, it was most likely that all the remaining matters would have
taken at least several more hours to go through, quite possibly until close to
or even past midnight. It would surely be unreasonable to expect the staff of
Savills and of Keppel Club to continue to soldier on with the attendees
(assuming the majority of those remaining wanted to) until they completed all
their business.

66 Third, as the Judge found, because of the overrun in time, there were some
attendees who had left the AGM already or were in the process of leaving:
Judgment at [38]. One subsidiary proprietor raised his concern before 7pm that
he had to leave by that time. Mr Chan had also assured some attendees that if
they had to leave, they could cast their votes in the elections and then leave
without waiting for the counting of the votes. Therefore, if the AGM had
continued past 9pm, those attendees who had to leave would have lost the
opportunity to be heard or to vote and that would be unfair to them. Indeed,
carrying on with the AGM that night might incur the risk of a legal challenge
by those who had left or had to leave, especially in the light of the
tentative announcement made before 7pm that the AGM would be adjourned after
the elections. In any case, we doubt that any attendee that day, perhaps save
for any unusually combative and tenacious few, would have relished continuing
with the AGM after more than six hours, skipping dinner and persevering to
midnight or thereabouts. It would also be unfair to expect the chairperson to
carry on for another few hours when the AGM had already gone on for more than
six hours since 2.30pm that day.

67 Fourth, even if Savills’ staff had miscommunicated to the AGM on the
continued use of the venue beyond 9pm, as the Appellant contended, we do not
see how that would affect the Intervener’s exercise of her power to adjourn
the AGM. The Intervener appeared to be acting in good faith on what Mr Chan
had told the AGM and there was no evidence to suggest that they had colluded
to mislead the attendees in any way so as to engineer the need to adjourn
before 9pm. We shall say more about this when we discuss the contentions
relating to the Intervener’s alleged motives in adjourning the AGM on 3 August
2019.

68 Therefore, even taking the Appellant’s case at its highest, the Judge was
not wrong in holding that the Intervener could exercise the residual common
law power to adjourn the AGM. In the circumstances here, she was entitled to
make the decision to adjourn without calling for a motion to adjourn.

The “How” issue

69 Having held that the Intervener could exercise the residual common law
power to adjourn the AGM, we consider the “How” issue or the manner of and the
motives in her decision. It was common ground between the parties that the
residual power must be exercised in good faith and reasonably. These are
standards similar to those applied in judicial review (Fu Loong at [37]). As
there was no dispute on this issue, we discuss the legal principles briefly.

70 In relation to bad faith, we held in Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali v
Attorney-General [2015] 5 SLR 1222 at [70] that the “touchstone of ‘bad faith’
in the administrative law context is the idea of dishonesty”. Bad faith is not
shown by proving simply that the authority (in this case the chairperson) took
into account legally irrelevant considerations or failed to take into account
legally relevant considerations.

71 In relation to unreasonableness, the applicable standard was set out in
Associated Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation [1948]
1 KB 223 (“Wednesbury”). Adapting this to the context of meetings, the English
Court of Appeal summarised the applicable test in Byng at 189C as follows
(which was applied in Fu Loong):

… The chairman’s decision will not be declared invalid unless on the facts
which he knew or ought to have known he failed to take into account all the
relevant factors, took into account irrelevant factors or reached a conclusion
which no reasonable chairman, properly directing himself as to his duties,
could have reached …

The Appellant argued that even if the Intervener was entitled to exercise the
residual power to adjourn the meeting, she did so in bad faith and in an
unreasonable manner as described in Wednesbury.

Bad faith

72 As a preliminary issue, the Intervener submitted that the Appellant had not
contended that the Intervener acted in bad faith in the proceedings in the
High Court and should not be allowed to raise this issue on appeal. The Judge
stated in his Judgment at [40] that the Appellant did not allege that the
Intervener adjourned the AGM with an ulterior motive and there was no evidence
to suggest this was the case. However, we will discuss the issue of bad faith
or ulterior motive anyway since the Judge made some observations on bad faith
on the facts before him.

73 While the Appellant stated before us that bad faith was not her main ground
of appeal, it was clear that her distrust of the Intervener and suspicions
about her motives for adjourning the AGM were central to her submissions. In
the Appellant's Case, the Appellant stated that she did not oppose the
adjournment of the AGM in so far as it related to the remaining items on the
agenda. Instead, her main complaint appeared to be that the Intervener was
trying to hold onto power by adjourning the AGM after she realised that she
might lose to Dr Neo if the run-off election to break the tie for the final
position in the 13th MC was held that night. The Appellant also submitted that
the adjournment was to enable the 12th MC to remain in power to grant a staff
bonus to Savills and to allow the Intervener to gain a seat on the 13th MC
when Dr Neo withdrew his candidacy.

74 To substantiate her complaint, the Appellant highlighted the following:

(a) The Intervener changed her stance during the course of the AGM. Before
7pm, she wanted to resolve the elections that night. Later in the meeting, she
supported the adjournment of the AGM without conducting the run-off election.

(b) She did not reverse her decision to adjourn the AGM when a subsidiary
proprietor highlighted that she could be in a position of conflict of interest
(because she was involved in the run-off election).

(c) She would have known that there were attendees who did not want her to be
re-elected and there was a distinct possibility of her losing her seat.

(d) Dr Neo’s withdrawal could have been a result of an arrangement between him
and the Intervener, made possible because the run-off election was not carried
out at the AGM.

(e) In declaring the adjournment, she stated that the 12th MC would continue
to be in charge until the conclusion of the meeting on 19 October 2019.

75 We do not agree with the Appellant’s characterisation of the facts. First,
taking the Appellant’s case at its highest, even if Savills had not asked for
an extension of time beyond 9pm, there was no indication that the Intervener
knew about this or that she had been dishonest during the AGM. There was
therefore no basis for suggesting that she knew that the AGM could have
continued that night but worked with Mr Chan to adjourn it. There was also no
evidence that Savills’ or Mr Chan’s interests were aligned with the
Intervener’s, thereby giving them a reason to contrive to adjourn the AGM to
secure a benefit for one or the other or both. Even if Mr Chan had somehow
miscommunicated to the AGM the situation concerning the continued use of the
premises, we do not see how that could be imputed to the Intervener. Surely
the chairperson of the AGM was entitled to rely on the statements made by the
condominium’s managing agent and was not expected to verify the position with
the Keppel Club personally before adjourning. We emphasise here that we do not
hold that Savills or Mr Chan made any misrepresentation of fact to the
Intervener or to the AGM.

76 Second, to the extent that the Appellant submitted that the Intervener had
contrived to adjourn the AGM for her ulterior motives, this implied that the
Intervener had some hand in the events that led to the time constraints
necessitating an adjournment. However, this was clearly not the case. On the
face of the AGM transcripts, the AGM was prolonged mainly because of
unexpectedly lengthy discussions during the proceedings. It may be argued that
the Intervener could have managed the time better, perhaps by cutting short
the more verbose and long-winded speakers or limiting the number of speakers
for each item on the agenda. However, that would obviously be a very delicate
task for the chairperson, bearing in mind the generally combative and critical
atmosphere against the 12th MC which was chaired also by the Intervener.

77 Third, on the face of the transcripts, an adjournment was in contemplation
even before the need for the run-off election arose. The first query was
raised by a subsidiary proprietor before 7pm on what would happen if the AGM
could not be concluded in time. Before the election results were announced,
there were four separate occasions on which Mr Chan and/or the Intervener
stated that the AGM would be adjourned. Three of those announcements mentioned
specifically that the AGM would be adjourned after the announcement of the
election results. When Mr Chan revealed that there was a tie for the final
position in the 13th MC (without stating who were the candidates involved), he
maintained the same position that the AGM would be adjourned after the
announcement of the results. Therefore, the adjournment was not motivated by
the tie but was a reasonable and purely sensible response necessitated by the
overrun of the AGM. Above all, the tie for the final position in the 13th MC
was not something that anyone could have forecasted and certainly was not
something that the Intervener could have orchestrated. The fact that the
Intervener disagreed with the assertion made by one attendee that she should
not adjourn the meeting because of an alleged conflict of interests could not
show bad faith in the light of the circumstances already discussed, in
particular, the fact that Savills’ staff were informed that Keppel Club needed
to use the premises after 9pm.

78 Fourth, the fact that the Intervener changed her position on the
adjournment is explained adequately by the change in the circumstances as the
meeting continued to drag on and the impossibility of completing the agenda
became more and more apparent. Contrary to the Appellant’s contention that the
Intervener adjourned the AGM because of the tie, the Intervener was clear
before the election results were announced that an adjournment would be called
if motion 10.2 could not be resolved in time. Further, when the results were
announced, there was only a brief interval before Mr Chan asked the Intervener
to adjourn the meeting which she then did. It must be remembered that it was
about 9pm by then and the genuine belief was that Keppel Club needed to use
the premises after 9pm and time was needed for everyone to vacate the
premises. All this showed that the adjournment was already in contemplation at
a much earlier point in the AGM, even before the elections began and certainly
before the votes were counted and the results announced.

79 Fifth, the Appellant’s suggestion that the Intervener was afraid of losing
to Dr Neo in the run-off election that night was sheer speculation. There was
no evidence that Dr Neo would be preferred over the Intervener. Dr Neo, like
the Intervener, was a member of the outgoing 12th MC. Dr Neo was the Treasurer
in the 12th MC and several of the complaints raised by the attendees related
to the expenditure items incurred by the condominium. Even if the Appellant
was right that the attendees at the AGM wanted a change of leadership in the
MC, there was no evidence to show that Dr Neo was not tainted equally with the
Intervener by whatever misgivings against the 12th MC (justified or otherwise)
that existed among the attendees. Further, there was nothing to suggest that
the adjournment of the AGM would have provided the Intervener with any
advantage over Dr Neo in the subsequent run-off election. If Dr Neo had not
chosen to withdraw his candidacy, both tied candidates would have been in the
same position on 19 October 2019 as they were on 3 August 2019.

80 Sixth, even if the Appellant were correct that the Intervener was afraid of
losing to Dr Neo and that she used the adjournment period to cut a deal with
him, there was nothing to suggest that the AGM was adjourned for this purpose.
There was only a short span of time between the announcement of the election
results and the adjournment. In any event, even if the AGM was not adjourned
and the decision was made to hold the run-off election immediately in order to
break the tie, who is able to say that Dr Neo would not have withdrawn as a
candidate after learning about the tie with the Intervener so as to obviate
the run-off election because of the shortness of time before 9pm and in order
to spare the attendees the tedium of prolonging a meeting which had gone on
for more than six hours already? After all, we do not know why Dr Neo
eventually withdrew. If it was due to goodwill between him and the Intervener
(perhaps because they served on the 12th MC together or were friends), that
only fortifies the possibility that Dr Neo could have decided to withdraw on
the night of the AGM if the run-off election was to be held immediately.

81 The Appellant’s final objection to the adjournment was concerned with the
ability of the 12th MC to continue its business after 3 August 2019. This
argument concerned the staff bonus that the 12th MC approved for Savills as
the condominium’s managing agent at its MC meeting on 12 October 2019
following a proposal in an email from Savills on 11 October 2019. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ROA Vol III Part B at p 74.

The minutes of that meeting (at item 3.1) under “Any other business” showed
that the 12th MC asked when the managing agent would normally present its
bonus proposal to the MC for review and approval. The managing agent informed
the MC that “it would be around this period”. The MC then discussed the matter
and “decided that the MA team has performed well in the last year and the
bonus proposal was reasonable and in fact was less than what the Caribbean has
previously paid under Keppel engagement”. The MC then “unanimously agreed with
the bonus proposal from Savills as per email dated 11 October 2019”. As that
was the last item on the agenda, the meeting ended thereafter.

82 The MC meeting on 12 October 2019 was attended by the Intervener, Dr Neo
and five other council members, with Avril Lee from Savills in attendance.
There was nothing to suggest that the meeting was anything other than an
ordinary council meeting to discuss the matters relating to the condominium.
It was the third council meeting that month as the minutes indicated there
were two earlier meetings on 5 October and 8 October 2019. There was certainly
no evidence that would point to the Intervener wanting to confer an undeserved
special benefit on Savills or wanting to deplete the condominium’s funds
before the 13th MC took office. In any case, any such alleged sinister motive
on the Intervener’s part would require the support of the other council
members who attended that council meeting and any such conspiracy theory would
therefore necessitate an inference that those council members were colluding
with the Intervener. We think such an inference would be completely
unjustified on the state of the evidence before the court.

83 It is useful to consider the possible scenarios if the AGM of 3 August 2019
had not been adjourned and the decision was made to hold the run-off election
that night. First, as discussed earlier, Dr Neo might have withdrawn his
candidacy that night to avert the run-off election and the Intervener would
have been deemed elected into the 13th MC. Second, if the run-off election was
held and the Intervener lost to Dr Neo, it has been accepted that the AGM
could not possibly have concluded that night because there were many
outstanding items on the agenda. The AGM would definitely have had to be
adjourned sometime later that night. We agree with the Judge’s interpretation
of s 54(1)(e) of the Act that the incumbent 12th MC vacates office only at the
end of the AGM and correspondingly, the incoming 13th MC takes office only at
the end of the AGM (Judgment at [50]–[57]). The Appellant did not challenge
this interpretation on appeal. It follows that even if the run-off election
was held on 3 August 2019 and the Intervener lost to Dr Neo, the 12th MC would
have remained in office anyway until the conclusion of the adjourned AGM on 19
October 2019. If so, then the 12th MC would have been able to approve the
staff bonus to Savills anyway.

84 In response, the Appellant suggested that what the Intervener ought to have
done was to let the run-off election take place and then make a decision to
end the AGM, so that the 13th MC could take office and the remaining items on
the agenda could be dealt with in a new meeting. We saw no merit to that
suggestion for the following reasons. First, there was no basis in law for
imposing such a duty on the chairperson of a meeting to usher in a new MC
before the conclusion of the AGM. Second, this would not accord with the
statutory framework which stipulates that the incoming MC takes office only at
the end of the AGM, not at the conclusion of the elections. Third, this would
not make practical sense as the outgoing 12th MC would still have to deal with
and be accountable for the outstanding matters in the agenda.

85 The Appellant also suggested that the AGM should not have been adjourned at
all and should have been declared to be concluded on 3 August 2019 although
the run-off election had not taken place yet. It follows therefore that the
only members of the 13th MC were the ten candidates elected on 3 August 2019.
We think this would have led to an unsatisfactory if not absurd situation.
Finalising the 13th MC with only ten elected members on 3 August 2019 would
have contradicted what the AGM had decided in motion 10.1, that there would be
11 members on the 13th MC. There was no justification to close the elections
and conclude the AGM before the final position in the 13th MC was filled,
especially when that could be done at the adjourned AGM. This was not a case
where there were insufficient candidates to fill the number of positions in
the MC. Further, there could be no concern that any of the ten elected
candidates would be prejudiced by the run-off election.

86 For all the above reasons, we see no ground at all for saying that the
Intervener acted in bad faith in adjourning the AGM at around 9pm on 3 August
2019.

Wednesbury unreasonableness

87 The Appellant argued that even if the Intervener did not act in bad faith,
she had acted unreasonably in adjourning the AGM because she was motivated by
personal considerations. In our opinion, the factors that showed that the
Intervener did not act in bad faith would also lead to the conclusion that she
was not motivated by irrelevant considerations or ulterior motives. An
adjournment was already in contemplation before the votes were counted. There
was only a short period of time between the announcement of the election
results and the decision to adjourn. As we have pointed out, any suggestion
that the Intervener was afraid she would lose to Dr Neo should the run-off
election be held that night would be completely speculative. There was no
conceivable benefit for the Intervener to cling on to office for another
couple of months if her ouster from the MC was a practical certainty.

88 The Appellant relied on the case of Datuk Johari Abdul Ghani & Ors v QSR
Brands Bhd & Ors [2007] 4 MLJ 19 (“Johari”), a decision of the Court of
Appeal, Malaysia, for the proposition that a chairperson who exercises a
common law power to adjourn when he is in a position of conflict of interest
acts in an unreasonable manner under Wednesbury principles. In Johari, the
chairperson, a director of the company, was facing a resolution tabled to
remove him from his directorship. The chairperson alleged that one of the
scrutineers had raised a concern on two polling forms signed by the
chairperson. The chairperson then claimed to exercise the power to adjourn to
seek legal advice on the validity of the polling forms: Johari at [6].
However, the Court rejected the explanation for the adjournment, finding that
the uncertainty over the polling forms was de minimis and that the votes would
not have affected the result: Johari at [12]. It was in that context that the
Court found that the chairperson had acted unreasonably since there was no
real need for the adjournment and he had an interest in the resolution seeking
his removal: Johari at [14].

89 In our view, Johari can be distinguished on the facts. In the present case,
the Intervener had objectively good grounds for adjourning the AGM. Further,
although the Intervener had an interest in the outcome of the run-off
election, she would not have gained any advantage over Dr Neo from the
adjournment. It followed that there was no real conflict of interest in her
decision to adjourn.

90 In the light of our views on the “When” issue and the “How” issue, it is
not necessary for us to go on to address the Intervener’s other arguments on
locus standi and the requirements for declaratory relief. It is similarly not
necessary for us to consider what effect an invalid adjournment would have
since our view is that the adjournment in this case was reasonable and
justified and, indeed, was necessary in the circumstances that night. The
reality, based on the state of knowledge then, was that the AGM simply could
not continue physically at the premises past 9pm on 3 August 2019 and that it
resumed and was concluded on 19 October 2019. Moreover, upon the announcement
of the decision to adjourn the AGM, apart from the sole objection, the
remaining attendees rose and dispersed. Accordingly, by no stretch of logic
could it be said that the AGM concluded on 3 August 2019 and that the
(incomplete) 13th MC took office that night, especially when there was still a
long list of unfinished business left on the agenda. Again, the reality was
that the resumed AGM continued with the unfinished business on 19 October
2019, including the announcement of the candidate deemed elected for the final
position in the 13th MC upon Dr Neo’s withdrawal, and then concluded,
whereupon the (now complete) 13th MC took office.

The application for leave to adduce fresh evidence

91 We indicated earlier that we will say more about the Appellant’s
application in SUM 112/2020 for leave to adduce fresh evidence on appeal
although this application was withdrawn in the course of submissions. We make
some observations here in order to complete the discussions.

92 Pursuant to s 37(4) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed) and O 57 r 13(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed),
fresh evidence can only be admitted on appeal on “special grounds” and with
the leave of this court. For leave to be granted, the applicant must satisfy
the cumulative conditions in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v
Marshall conditions”) as follows:

(a) it must be shown that the evidence could not have been obtained with
reasonable diligence for use in the trial or hearing;

(b) the evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably have an
important influence on the result of the case, though it need not be decisive;
and

(c) the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in other
words, is apparently credible, though it need not be incontrovertible.

93 As the OS was heard on the basis of affidavit evidence only, with no cross-
examination of witnesses, the High Court hearing did not have the full
characteristics of a trial. At the same time, it was a hearing on the merits
of the entire case, as opposed to an interlocutory application. In these
circumstances, we have the discretion to apply the Ladd v Marshall conditions
in an attenuated manner (see Anan Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public
Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341 at [57]).

94 The fresh evidence that the Appellant sought to adduce in this case
comprised the following:

(a) A typewritten statement dated 31 October 2020 signed by Ricky Sun (“Ricky
Sun Statement”) which purported to clarify the emails between himself and
Avril Lee of Savills dated 30 September and 7 October 2019 (which we have
discussed earlier). In the Ricky Sun Statement, Ricky Sun stated the
following: (i) he received two requests from Abdul Rahim bin Habib Mohamed
(“Rahim”) of Savills on 3 August 2019, firstly to extend the use of the
premises from 7pm to 8pm and subsequently from 8pm to 9pm and he acceded to
both requests; (ii) no one asked if it was possible to extend the booking of
the premises past 9pm; (iii) he “did not mention that there were any events
taking place the following day, i.e., 4th August 2019”; (iv) he “did not
threaten to switch off the lights and chase the participants out of the room
after 9pm”; and (v) when asked by Avril Lee for the available dates for Keppel
Hall for September and October 2019, he replied by WhatsApp on the available
dates; and (vi) the last paragraph of the Ricky Sun Statement, which was
handwritten and contained several corrections, stated, “My email to Avril Lee
on the 7th Oct 2019 was not accurate. I did not mention about the caterers
coming in on that night, 3 Aug 2020 to anyone. My only communication with the
organizer on that night regarding extension was with Rahim via WhatsApp”. (We
accept that the year 2020 mentioned above is obviously a mistake and it should
have been 2019.)

(b) WhatsApp messages on 3 August 2019 between Ricky Sun and Rahim,
purportedly showing that Savills only asked for an extension of time for the
use of the Keppel Club premises to 9pm and not beyond that time (“the Ricky-
Rahim Messages”).

(c) WhatsApp messages on 3 August 2019 between Ricky Sun and Avril Lee (“the
Ricky-Avril Messages”), in which Avril Lee asked Ricky Sun about the
availability of the same venue for weekends in the last week of September and
for October 2019 and Ricky Sun replied with a range of dates, including 19
October 2019 (the date of the resumed AGM).

(d) Emails between Jason Tan and Tony Chang sent in 2020 (“the Jason-Tony
Emails”). To set the context for the 2020 emails, Tony Chang had sent an email
of 10 November 2019 to Jason Tan to ask, “Can I confirm that even if the AGM
had overrun by 1 or 2 hours beyond 9pm, Keppel Club would not have threatened
to kick us out and switch off the lights and instead have afforded us some
flexibility so long as we had paid the chargeable extension rate?”. Jason Tan
replied on 11 November 2019, stating (we quote only the relevant portions
here):

2\. On the day in question, Sat 3 Aug 2019, the organizers did not request for
an extension of time but informed us that the meeting would end at 9.00pm to
be adjourned for the next AGM which was convened on 19 Oct 2019.

3\. We have also verified that our staff did not attempt to kick anyone of the
attendees out of the meeting room nor did they switch off the lights. It is
our protocol to take the organizer’s instructions during the event and of
course, we also would accord some flexibility if required. We believe that
there is a miscommunication and definitely it is not likely to be any of our
staff who carried out the threat.

We hope that you could ascertain the facts from the organizer (the MCST staff)
to find out more. …

(e) We alluded to these emails earlier. They were sent before the hearing of
the OS by the High Court which took place on 7 February 2020 and before the
decision was delivered on 29 April 2020. They were exhibited to the
Appellant’s second affidavit in the OS. In 2020, after the High Court had
heard and delivered its decision in the OS, Tony Chang, in his email dated 31
October 2020, asked Jason Tan to confirm that there was no event booked for 4
August 2019 in Keppel Club’s event calendar. Jason Tan’s email of 1 November
2020 confirmed that there was no event in the event calendar for the Keppel
Hall for 4 August 2019.

(f) Two emails dated 2 November 2020 between Rahim and Serena Lee, a
subsidiary proprietor of the condominium. Serena Lee attached the WhatsApp
messages of 3 August 2019 between Ricky Sun and Rahim and asked Rahim to
confirm: (i) that he was the only one from Savills tasked to seek an extension
of the venue with Ricky Sun that night; and (ii) that his communication with
Ricky Sun that night was only via WhatsApp messages and that the said messages
were accurate. Rahim replied, “Positive for both questions” (“the Rahim-Serena
Emails”).

95 The first obstacle that the Appellant faced, even before considering the
Ladd v Marshall conditions, was that the fresh evidence was inadmissible
evidence. The Ricky Sun Statement, Ricky-Rahim Messages, Ricky-Avril Messages,
Jason-Tony Emails and Rahim-Serena Emails and were all hearsay, being
“assertions of persons made out of court whether orally or in documentary form
or in the form of conduct tendered to prove the facts which they refer to”:
Soon Peck Wah v Woon Che Chye [1997] 3 SLR(R) 430 at [26]. The fresh evidence
was not verified by affidavits from their makers and the Appellant did not
show that any of the exceptions to hearsay under s 32 of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed) applied.

96 In any case, we hold that the first of the Ladd v Marshall conditions, non-
availability, was not satisfied in this case. Ricky Sun featured prominently
in the fresh evidence but there was nothing to show that he would not have
provided the Ricky Sun Statement, Ricky-Rahim Messages and Ricky-Avril
Messages for the hearing in the High Court. The most that the Appellant could
say was that Rahim was not willing to provide relevant evidence at first
instance because he was worried about his employment with Savills. Even if so,
why should that stop Ricky Sun from giving evidence in the High Court hearing
concerning the events of 3 August 2019? The Appellant knew about Ricky Sun’s
evidence from the Intervener’s affidavit filed on behalf of the Respondent on
30 October 2019. This was a case where the Appellant had ample opportunity to
gather the necessary evidence.

97 As for the Jason-Tony Emails, they could also have been obtained earlier
given that Jason Tan had already provided emails in support of the Appellant’s
case on 11 November 2019. There was no reason given on why Tony Chang had to
wait until 1 November 2020 to email Jason Tan regarding the absence of any
event in the event calendar for the Keppel Hall for 4 August 2019.

98 We also hold that the second condition of relevance was not satisfied. The
Appellant sought to adduce the fresh evidence primarily to disprove the
Intervener’s claim that the premises at the Keppel Club had to be vacated by
9pm for caterers to set up for an event on 4 August 2019 and to show that no
request for extension beyond 9pm was made. However, we have analysed this case
even on the basis that the Appellant was correct on these factual matters.
Despite this, we hold that the residual common law power to adjourn could be
exercised and was not exercised in bad faith or unreasonably in the
circumstances. It follows that the fresh evidence would not have any impact on
our decision.

99 In so far as the third of the Ladd v Marshall conditions was concerned, it
is apparent that the handwritten portion of the Ricky Sun Statement (“My email
to Avril Lee on the 7th Oct 2019 was not accurate. I did not mention about the
caterers coming in on that night, 3 Aug 2020 to anyone.”) contradicted his
earlier email. However, Ricky Sun did not even offer any explanation on why he
wrote the email of 7 October 2019 in those terms. As shown earlier, Avril Lee
did not even suggest in her email to Ricky Sun that the reason for the 9pm
deadline was due to another event having been scheduled for 4 August 2019 in
the Keppel Hall. In the absence of any explanation from Ricky Sun, his belated
statement certainly cannot be said to be evidence that is “apparently
credible”. Further, admitting the statement at this very late stage would have
necessitated cross-examination, thereby prolonging these proceedings
unjustifiably. We were informed that the next AGM for the condominium must be
held before the end of 2020 and the term of the 13th MC will expire upon the
conclusion of the next AGM. It would be futile therefore to prolong these
proceedings and continue the debate about whether the Intervener was elected
validly into the 13th MC.

100 In the course of hearing the Appellant’s application in SUM 112/2020, when
most of the above concerns were pointed out to counsel for the Appellant, he
decided to withdraw the application. We granted the Appellant leave to
withdraw the application accordingly.

Conclusion

101 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed the appeal. We ordered the
Appellant to pay the Intervener’s costs fixed at $38,000 (inclusive of
disbursements) for both SUM 112/2020 and the appeal. We further ordered the
Appellant to pay the Respondent’s costs of attendance for the appeal fixed at
$2,500. The usual consequential orders relating to the security for costs are
to apply.

Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean

Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Lee Sien Liang Joseph and Muk Chen Yeen Jonathan (LVM Law Chambers LLC) for
the appellant;

Chew Kei-Jin and Tan Silin Stephanie (Chen Silin) (Ascendant Legal LLC) for
the respondent;

Wah Hsien-Wen Terence and Mok Zi Cong (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
intervener.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Dec 2020 (12:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

