Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 86

Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) 129 of 2019  
Registrar’s Appeal No 353 of 2019

Between

| KOH KIM TECK  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| SHOOK LIN & BOK LLP  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law] — [Bankruptcy] — [Statutory demand]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Koh Kim Teck

  
v

  

Shook Lin & Bok LLP

[2020] SGHC 86

High Court — Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 129 of 2019 (Registrar’s
Appeal No 353 of 2019)  
S Mohan JC  
3 February 2020

29 April 2020

S Mohan JC:

Introduction

1 In Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 129 of 2019 (“OSB 129”), the
plaintiff, Koh Kim Teck (the “plaintiff”), applied (a) for an extension of
time to set aside a statutory demand dated 30 September 2019 (the “SD”) served
on him by the defendant, Shook Lin & Bok LLP (the “defendant”), and (b) to set
aside the SD. The application was heard on 19 November 2019 and dismissed by
the assistant registrar. The plaintiff appealed against the dismissal of his
application and the appeal came before me.

2 After hearing arguments, I dismissed the appeal. Dissatisfied with my
decision, the plaintiff has appealed. These are my grounds of decision.

Facts

Background to the dispute

3 The plaintiff is a former client of the defendant, a law firm. From sometime
in early May 2013 till 22 January 2018, the defendant acted for the plaintiff
in two consolidated suits heard in the High Court namely, Suit Nos. 942 of
2013 and 1123 of 2014 (the “Consolidated Suits”). Thereafter, the plaintiff
discharged the defendant and appointed another firm of solicitors, Optimus
Chambers LLC (“Optimus Chambers”), 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 9 and 11; 1st Affidavit of Sarjit
Singh Gill, S.C. (filed in HC/OS 67/2019) S.C. at pp 3 - 4

to represent him in the Consolidated Suits in place of the defendant.

4 Two of the defendant’s invoices issued to the plaintiff remained outstanding
namely, Invoice No. 150722 dated 26 October 2017 (the “26 October invoice”)
and Invoice No. 152152 dated 13 March 2018 (the “13 March invoice”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 16; 1st Affidavit of Sarjit Singh
Gill, S.C. (filed in HC/OS 67/2019) at p 2

Both invoices related to work done by the defendant when it represented the
plaintiff in the Consolidated Suits. Following various communications between
the defendant, the plaintiff and Optimus Chambers during the period March 2018
to November 2018, the defendant wrote to Optimus Chambers enclosing a
statutory demand dated 29 November 2018 issued by the defendant against the
plaintiff on the basis of the 26 October invoice. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 19 - 20; 1st Affidavit of Sarjit
Singh Gill, S.C. (filed in HC/OS 67/2019) at pp 320 - 324

The defendant enquired if Optimus Chambers had instructions to accept service
of that statutory demand on the plaintiff’s behalf. The defendant did not
receive a response. No further steps were thereafter taken by the defendant
with regard to this statutory demand. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 21

5 On 15 January 2019, Originating Summons 67 of 2019 (“OS 67”) was filed by
the plaintiff. In OS 67, the plaintiff applied for (a) leave to be granted for
an order for taxation in respect of the 26 October invoice, and (b) an order
for taxation in respect of the 13 March invoice. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Originating Summons (HC/OS 67/2019) filed on 15 January 2019 at para 2

The defendant contested OS 67 only in respect of the 26 October invoice, on
the basis that more than 12 months had passed since delivery of the bill to
the plaintiff and no special circumstances had been shown by the plaintiff
justifying leave as required under s 122 Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009
Rev Ed) ( “Legal Profession Act”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 24 - 25

6 OS 67 was heard by Justice Aedit Abdullah on 27 March 2019. Abdullah J
dismissed the prayer in OS 67 that sought leave for an order for taxation in
respect of the 26 October invoice, on the ground that the plaintiff had not
shown special circumstances. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Certified Transcript (HC/OS 67/2019) annexed to Defendant’s Skeletal
Submissions as Annex C, at p 7

The plaintiff did not seek to appeal that part of Abdullah J’s order. An order
for taxation in respect of the 13 March invoice was granted (that was in any
event not objected to by the defendant). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Certified Transcript (HC/OS 67/2019) at p 7

7 The defendant proceeded to file a Bill of Costs (BC 95/2019) on 23 July 2019
in respect of the 13 March Invoice (the “taxation proceedings”). The plaintiff
appointed his current solicitors, Cairnhill Law LLC (“Cairnhill Law”), for the
taxation proceedings on 20 August 2019. The taxation proceedings were ongoing
at the time of the appeal before me.

8 In respect of the 26 October invoice, the defendant issued a fresh statutory
demand dated 10 May 2019 in relation to the same debt and sent it by
registered post to the plaintiff at his last known address at 72 Bayshore
Road, #26-15 Costa Del Sol, Singapore 469988 (the “last known address”) but it
was returned uncollected. The defendant also attempted substituted service on
the plaintiff by sending an email to the plaintiff and LVM Law Chambers, the
latter being the plaintiff’s solicitors in his appeal against the trial
judge’s decision in the Consolidated Suits. However, the defendant did not
receive any reply to the email. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 58

Thereafter, no further steps were taken by the defendant in relation to this
statutory demand.

9 The defendant then issued the SD in relation to the same debt. The SD was
the subject of the appeal before me. The defendant decided to issue the SD
instead of proceeding on the basis of the demand dated 10 May 2019 as the
defendant had not received any response to its earlier email to the plaintiff
and his solicitors LVM Law Chambers. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 59

The defendant first attempted to serve the SD on the plaintiff personally,
prior to commencing bankruptcy proceedings. On 30 September 2019 and 1 October
2019, the defendant’s clerk attempted personal service on the plaintiff at the
last known address but on each occasion the door to the premises was locked.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 34(a) - 34(b); 1st Affidavit of
Brian Sta Maria (HC/B 2786/2019) at p 2

When those attempts at personal service were made, the defendant was already
aware from a title search it had conducted on 5 September 2019 that the
plaintiff no longer owned the property at the last known address and that the
owner was one Ye Fanghua. In contrast, a previous title search undertaken by
the defendant in March 2019 showed that the plaintiff was the owner although I
note that even in that search, Ye Fanghua had already lodged a caveat as a
purchaser. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 34(c) and 50; 1st Affidavit of Brian
Sta Maria (HC/B 2786/2019) at pp. 48 - 62

The defendant also conducted an Enhanced Individual Search on the plaintiff on
29 October 2019, which did not reveal any details of the plaintiff’s
residential address. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 34(d); 1st Affidavit of Brian Sta
Maria (HC/B 2786/2019) at p 27

10 Following the two unsuccessful attempts at personal service on the
plaintiff, the defendant then placed an advertisement in the Straits Times on
4 October 2019 with a notice of the SD (the “advertisement”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 34(e); 1st Affidavit of Brian Sta
Maria (HC/B 2786/2019) at p 64

The notice of the SD in the advertisement stated that it was given under r
96(4)(d) of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“BR”). The
material parts of the notice were in the following terms: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Affidavit of Brian Sta Maria (HC/B 2786/2019) at p 64

NOTICE OF STATUTORY DEMAND

  
UNDER RULE 96(4)(d) OF THE BANKRUPTCY RULES

  
STATUTORY DEMAND ISSUED ON THE  
30th DAY OF SEPTEMBER 2019  
UNDER SECTION 62 OF THE BANKRUPTCY ACT

TO: KOH KIM TECK  
72 Bayshore Road  
#26-15 Costa Del Sol  
Singapore 469988

TAKE NOTICE that a Statutory Demand under Section 62 of the Bankruptcy Act has
been issued against you by SHOOK LIN & BOK LLP, a limited liability
partnership incorporated in Singapore and having its registered office at 1
Robinson Road #18-00 AIA Tower Singapore 048542 (“the Creditor”) on 30
September 2019, in which the Creditor claims against you the sum of
S$106,133.52 as at 30 September 2019 being the amount due and owing by you
pursuant to the Creditor’s Invoice No. 150722 dated 26 October 2017. The
Creditor demands that you pay the above debt or secure or compound for it to
the Creditor’s satisfaction within 21 days from the date of publication of
this Notice. If you fail to do so, the Creditor may file a bankruptcy petition
against you.

If you wish to have this Statutory Demand set aside or otherwise deal with
this demand you must make an application to the High Court and do so within 14
days from the date of publication of this Notice.

The Statutory Demand can be obtained or is available for inspection and
collection during office hours from:-

SHOOK LIN & BOK LLP

  
No. 1 Robinson Road

  
#18-01 AIA Tower Singapore 048542

  
[Ref: SSG/JMS/2190134]  
Dated the 4th day of October 2019

11 In addition to the advertisement, a copy of the notice of the SD as
advertised was sent by the defendant to the plaintiff’s solicitors in the
taxation proceedings, Cairnhill Law, by an email on 4 October 2019 timed at
12.03pm (the “4 October 2019 email”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Affidavit of Lin Ruizi (HC/B 2786/ 2019) at p 57

The defendant subsequently sent a copy of the SD itself to Cairnhill Law on 22
October 2019 by an email timed at 6.49pm (the “22 October 2019 email”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st Affidavit of Lin Ruizi (HC/B 2786/ 2019) at p 61

Prior to these emails and the issuance of the SD, the defendant had, on 18
September 2019, asked Cairnhill Law if it had instructions to accept personal
service of process, including a statutory demand, on behalf of the plaintiff.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 47; 1st Affidavit of Lin Ruizi (HC/B
2786/ 2019) at p 55

12 The defendant filed the bankruptcy application (HC/B 2786/2019) against the
plaintiff on 29 October 2019 based on the SD. On the same day, the defendant
sent copies of the cause papers filed in the bankruptcy application to
Cairnhill Law. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 7

OSB 129 was filed by the plaintiff two days later, on 31 October 2019.

The parties’ cases

13 The plaintiff submitted that should the court find that the advertisement
constituted valid service of the SD, the defendant would be out of time to
apply to set aside the SD and an extension of time should be granted to him.
He argued that his application would, however, have been made in time if the
court considered that valid service was only effected via the 22 October 2019
email. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 18 – 28

In any event, neither the advertisement nor the 22 October 2019 email (or for
that matter, the 4 October email) constituted valid service. According to the
plaintiff, the SD should be set aside for the following reasons: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 25

(a) the SD was not validly served;

(b) the debt was disputed on substantial grounds such that there were triable
issues; and

(c) the plaintiff had a valid cross demand against the defendant which
exceeded the debt.

14 The defendant, on the other hand, submitted that the SD was validly served
on the plaintiff by the advertisement as well as the 4 October 2019 email, and
an extension of time ought not to be granted to the plaintiff to apply to set
aside the SD. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 60 - 66

In any event, the plaintiff would not be entitled to dispute the debt and
there was no basis for the plaintiff to assert that the defendant had any
valid cross demand.

Decision below

15 It is worth mentioning that at the hearing below, the defendant relied only
on the advertisement as its means of substituted service and argued that it
was valid service under r 96(4)(d) BR. The assistant registrar dismissed the
plaintiff’s application on the grounds that there was valid service of the SD
and that there were no merits in the plaintiff’s arguments for the SD to be
set aside. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Certified Transcript (HC/OSB 129/2019) annexed to Defendant’s Skeletal
Submissions as Annex A, at p 6

Issues to be determined

16 The issues to be determined by me are as follows:

(a) Whether there was valid service of the SD, and if so, when such service
was effected.

(b) If there was valid service, whether the SD should be set aside on other
grounds.

17 I will address each issue in turn.

Issue 1: Whether there was valid service of the SD, and if so, when service
was effected

18 Rules 96(1) to 96(4) BR provide as follows:

96.—(1) The creditor shall take all reasonable steps to bring the statutory
demand to the debtor’s attention.

(2) The creditor shall make reasonable attempts to effect personal service of
the statutory demand.

(3) Where the creditor is not able to effect personal service, the demand may
be served by such other means as would be most effective in bringing the
demand to the notice of the debtor.

(4) Substituted service under paragraph (3) may be effected in the following
manner:

(a) by posting the statutory demand at the door or some other conspicuous part
of the last known place of residence or business of the debtor or both;

(b) by forwarding the statutory demand to the debtor by prepaid registered
post to the last known place of residence, business or employment of the
debtor;

(c) where the creditor is unable to effect substituted service in accordance
with sub‑paragraph (a) or (b) by reason that he has no knowledge of the last
known place of residence, business or employment of the debtor, by
advertisement of the statutory demand in one or more local newspapers, in
which case the time limited for compliance with the demand shall run from the
date of the publication of the advertisement; or

(d) such other mode which the court would have ordered in an application for
substituted service of an originating summons in the circumstances.

19 In relation to an application to set aside a statutory demand, Rule 98 BR
provides as follows:

98.—(1) On the hearing of the application, the court may either summarily
determine the application or adjourn it, giving such directions as it thinks
appropriate.

(2) The court shall set aside the statutory demand if —

(a) the debtor appears to have a valid counterclaim, set-off or cross demand
which is equivalent to or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in
the statutory demand;

(b) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be
substantial;

(c) it appears that the creditor holds assets of the debtor or security in
respect of the debt claimed by the demand, and either rule 94(5) has not been
complied with, or the court is satisfied that the value of the assets or
security is equivalent to or exceeds the full amount of the debt;

(d) rule 94 has not been complied with; or

(e) the court is satisfied, on other grounds, that the demand ought to be set
aside.

(3) If the court dismisses the application, it shall make an order authorising
the creditor to file a bankruptcy application either on or after the date
specified in the order.

20 In relation to the advertisement, the plaintiff relied substantially on
Wong Kwei Cheong v ABN-AMRO Bank NV [2002] 2 SLR(R) 31 (“Wong Kwei Cheong”) in
support of his case that the defendant had to advertise the entire SD and not
merely notice of the SD. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 33-36

Further, the plaintiff argued that service by advertisement was not an option
available to the defendant under r 96(4)(d) BR, as r 96(4)(c) BR makes express
reference to service by advertisement. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Certified Transcript (HC/RA 353/2019), at p 2

The defendant also could not effect service under r 96(4)(c) BR since it knew
the plaintiff’s last known address, which was stated in the notice of the SD.
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 37-40

21 In relation to the 4 October 2019 email and the 22 October 2019 email, the
plaintiff submitted that substituted service by email correspondence to his
solicitors would not be a mode of service that the court would have ordered in
an application for substituted service of an originating summons in the
circumstances under r 96(4)(d) BR. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 42-50; Certified Transcript (HC/RA 353/2019),
at pp. 2 - 3

The plaintiff referred to the Supreme Court Practice Directions, Part III,
para 33(6), which provides:

If substituted service is by electronic mail, it has to be shown that the
electronic mail account to which the document will be sent belongs to the
person to be served and that it is currently active.

22 The plaintiff argued that the email correspondence was sent to his
solicitors and not to him as required under the Supreme Court Practice
Directions. He also referred to an email sent by his solicitors Cairnhill Law
to the defendant on 23 October 2019, informing the defendant that they did not
have instructions to accept service of the SD. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 47- 48; 1st Affidavit of Koh Kim Teck (HC/OSB
129/2019) at p 35

In the circumstances, the defendant would have known that the SD may not be
brought to the attention of the plaintiff and therefore, email correspondence
to the plaintiff’s lawyers would not be a mode of service which the court
would have ordered under r 96(4)(d) BR. By reason thereof, the plaintiff
contended that service of the SD was not validly effected by the
advertisement, the 4 October email or the 22 October email, and the SD should
be set aside under r 98(2)(e) BR.

23 The defendant, on the other hand, submitted that service was validly
effected by 4 October 2019 under r 96(4)(d) BR, relying on both the
advertisement (that was placed in the Straits Times on 4 October 2019) and the
4 October 2019 email. The defendant submitted that the plaintiff’s solicitors
had confirmed during the hearing that the 4 October 2019 email was in fact
brought to the attention of the plaintiff, and the plaintiff was therefore
aware of the SD. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Certified Transcript (HC/RA 353/2019), at p 6

The defendant also argued that Wong Kwei Cheong did not apply to r 96(4)(d),
and that the underlying rule (and overarching objective) of r 96 BR is set out
in r 96(1) BR, ie, that the creditor shall take all reasonable steps to bring
the statutory demand to the debtor’s attention. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Certified Transcript (HC/RA 353/2019), at p 5

Finally, the defendant contended that it had taken all reasonable steps to
bring the SD to the plaintiff’s attention and that the plaintiff had spared no
effort in evading service. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 44 - 59

Analysis and decision

24 I am of the view that r 96(4)(c) BR is inapplicable in the present case,
since the defendant indicated that it did have the plaintiff’s last known
address. However, the defendant would not, for this reason, be barred from
effecting valid service on the plaintiff by way of the advertisement and/or
the 4 October email, under r 96(4)(d) BR. In the present case, both the
advertisement and the 4 October 2019 email, individually or collectively,
would, in my view, constitute valid service under r 96(4)(d) BR.

25 The underlying purpose of the service regime under the BR is to provide
practical means for a creditor to effectually bring notice of a statutory
demand to a debtor’s attention. To this end, each limb under r 96(4) BR
pertaining to the modes of substituted service is to be read disjunctively,
providing a creditor with alternative modes of substituted service. Further,
the individual limbs in r 96(4) BR are not, in my view, mutually exclusive.
Subject to the caveat I mention at [27] below, a creditor can choose to effect
substituted service using any mode permissible under r 96(4) BR, provided he
is able to satisfy the requirements of the mode so chosen. In this regard, and
as succinctly explained by VK Rajah J (as he then was) in Re Rasmachayana
Sulistyo (alias Chang Whe Ming), ex parte The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
Corp Ltd and other appeals [2005] 1 SLR(R) 483 (“Re Rasmachayana Sulistyo”) at
[10], it is important to bear in mind that the requirements for service under
the BR are “circumscribed by pragmatism and not by an overtly rigid and
technical approach.”

26 As such, a creditor would only be availed of service under r 96(4)(c) BR if
he is able to meet the requirements under that provision, ie, the creditor
must have been unable to effect substituted service in accordance with rr
96(4)(a) or (b) BR by reason of the creditor having no knowledge of the
debtor’s last known place of residence, business or employment. If the
creditor, like the defendant in this case, is unable to meet the requirements
under r 96(4)(c) BR, the statutory regime enables it to effect substituted
service under r 96(4)(d) BR and it cannot, in those circumstances, be said to
be circumventing r 96(4)(c) BR. Rule 96(4)(d) BR, unlike r 96(4)(c) BR, does
not contain any pre-requisite that the modes of service under the other sub-
paragraphs are unavailable to the creditor.

27 There is a caveat to this, in that a creditor should, ordinarily, first
avail itself of rr 96(4)(a) and (b) BR before choosing to effect service under
r 96(4)(d) BR. The first two limbs in r 96(4) BR encapsulate the preferred
methods of substituted service (Re: Wong Kin Heng Ex-parte: Imperial Steel
Drum Manufacturers Sdn Bhd [1998] SGHC 237 (“Wong Kin Heng”) at [29]). To
this, I would add the gloss that the methods prescribed in rr 96(4)(a) and (b)
BR should first be attempted where practicable, depending on the specific
facts in each case. If, for example, a creditor is aware that the debtor sold
the property that was his last known address and therefore no longer resided
at that address, and yet purports to effect substituted service of a statutory
demand under r 96(4)(a) or (b) BR at that address, that creditor might find it
an uphill task to persuade a court, should the debtor subsequently challenge
the service of the demand, that the method of substituted service so chosen
was effective in bringing the statutory demand to the notice of the debtor.

28 Reverting to the case at hand, contrary to the plaintiff’s submissions, I
am of the view that r 96(4)(c) BR is not the only or exclusive provision under
which service by way of an advertisement can constitute valid service of an
SD. On its plain wording, r 96(4)(d) BR provides for service by such other
mode as the court would have ordered in an application for substituted service
of an originating summons in the circumstances. This can, and in my view does,
encompass a mode of substituted service by advertisement which does not fall
within r 96(4)(c) BR.

29 I agree with the defendant that in Wong Kwei Cheong ([20] supra) at [15],
Rajendran J’s comments that the statutory demand itself (and not just a notice
of it) had to be advertised were made only with reference to compliance with r
96(4)(c) BR. Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Derek Kang, acknowledged that Wong
Kwei Cheong only dealt with r 96(4)(c) BR but submitted that because express
reference is made to service by advertisement in r 96(4)(c) BR, it cannot be
permitted under r 96(4)(d) BR. Mr Kang further contended that the effect of
Wong Kwei Cheong is that any creditor wishing to effect substituted service by
advertisement must, and can only, rely on r 96(4)(c) BR 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Certified Transcript (HC/RA 353/2019), at p 2

. I note that no arguments were raised nor was any discussion had in Wong Kwei
Cheong on the application of r 96(4)(d) BR to the facts in that case. I do not
read Wong Kwei Cheong as widely as Mr Kang urged me to. In Wong Kwei Cheong,
Rajendran J reasoned at [15], that a creditor has to comply with the
procedures specified under the BR to take advantage of the statutory regime
relating to substituted service. In that context, r 96(4)(c) BR required the
creditor to advertise the statutory demand itself and not only a notice of it.
Whilst that conclusion was, in my view, correct given the plain wording of r
96(4)(c) BR, I disagreed with Mr Kang’s submission that it follows that
service by way of advertisement is exclusively governed by that provision.

30 As explained earlier at [24]-[28] of this judgment, r 96(4)(c) BR is
inapplicable in the present case and the defendant is, in my view, entitled to
avail itself of r 96(4)(d) BR. No authority was cited to me in support of the
plaintiff’s argument that substituted service by advertisement, in any shape
or form, was only permitted under r 96(4)(c) BR.

31 Where proceedings are commenced in court and the court makes an order for
substituted service of a document (including an originating process) under O
62 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), advertising
a notice that an action has been commenced against the defendant would be
sufficient to constitute good and valid service (see, as an illustration, ROC
Appendix A, Forms 136 and 138, para (e)). The authors of Singapore Civil
Procedure 2020, vol 1 (Paul Quan, gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2019) at para
62/5/6, note that in relation to substituted service of a writ by
advertisement under O 62 r 5 ROC, “… the court’s order may direct that a copy
of the writ be left at the defendant’s place of business and last known
residence, and that an advertisement be inserted to the effect that an action
has been commenced, that the court has authorised service in such and such a
manner, that the defendant is required to appear, and that in default of
appearance, the action will proceed to judgment”. There is no requirement, in
the above example, that the contents of the entire writ (including any
Endorsement of Claim or Statement of Claim endorsed thereon) are to also be
reproduced in the advertisement. In my view, that would also be the case if
substituted service of an originating summons by way of advertisement is
ordered under O 62 r 5 ROC. The notice in the advertisement could be to the
effect that an action has been commenced by originating summons against the
defendant, that the court has authorised service in such and such a manner,
that the defendant is required to appear, and that in default of appearance,
the court will proceed to hear the originating summons. Similarly, I see no
reason why a bankruptcy creditor would not, in an appropriate case, be able to
validly serve a statutory demand under r 96(4)(d) BR by advertising notice of
it and thereby bringing notice of the statutory demand to the debtor’s
attention. Ultimately, the court must be satisfied that the mode of
substituted service employed by the creditor was sufficient, on the facts
before it, and amounted to a reasonable step by the creditor to bring notice
of the statutory demand to the debtor’s attention effectively. Accepting the
plaintiff’s submission would, in my view, amount to adopting an overtly and
unduly technical and rigid approach to the methods of substituted service
prescribed in r 96(4) BR.

32 Mr Kang also contended that to allow advertisement of a notice of the SD
under r 96(4)(d) BR would render r 96(4)(c) BR redundant. I disagree with this
submission as it presupposed, incorrectly, in my view, that each limb in r
96(4) BR applied to the mutual exclusion of the others. Even if there is an
overlap between the first three limbs of r 96(4) and r 96(4)(d) BR, as I
stated at [31] above, ultimately each case would depend on its facts.
Therefore, it does not mean that a creditor could circumvent the requirements
of r 96(4)(c) BR and choose instead to simply rely on r 96(4)(d) BR by only
advertising notice of an SD. Depending on the facts, that creditor would risk
the debtor being able to successfully challenge the validity of that mode of
service. In the circumstances, I was not persuaded by the redundancy argument
raised by the plaintiff.

33 On the facts of this case, the defendant had taken all reasonable steps to
bring the SD to the plaintiff’s attention and utilised a mode of substituted
service that the court would have ordered in the circumstances, as required
under rr 96(1) and 96(4) BR. The defendant had conducted the necessary
investigations into the last known address of the plaintiff and knowing that
the plaintiff was not likely to be reached at the said address, adopted, in my
judgment, an appropriate and valid mode of substituted service to serve the SD
on the plaintiff.

34 For the foregoing reasons, I found that the advertisement constituted valid
service under r 96(4)(d) BR in the circumstances of this case and was
effective in bringing notice of the SD to the plaintiff’s attention.

35 Turning now to the 4 October 2019 email, I am of the view that it too
constituted valid service under r 96(4)(d) BR, whether on its own or taken
together with the advertisement. On the facts, sending the notice of the SD as
advertised by email to the plaintiff’s current solicitors was effectual in
bringing notice of the SD to the plaintiff. Even though the plaintiff’s
solicitors did not have authority to accept service of the SD on behalf of the
plaintiff, they were at the time acting for the plaintiff in the taxation
proceedings that were ongoing. As such, it was reasonable in the circumstances
for the defendant to presume that this method of substituted service would be
effective in bringing the SD to the plaintiff’s attention. The plaintiff’s
solicitors also confirmed that the plaintiff did in fact have notice of the SD
at around the time the 4 October 2019 email was sent. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Certified Transcript (HC/RA 353/2019), at p 3 ln 5-15

For tactical reasons, the plaintiff decided to wait until after the bankruptcy
application had been filed before filing OSB 129. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Certified Transcript (HC/RA 353/2019), at p 3 ln 5-15; p 5 ln 20-31

36 I did not think there was merit in the plaintiff’s argument summarised at
[21] above that the defendant’s failure to adhere to paragraph 33(6) of the
Supreme Court Practice Directions would invalidate the service of the SD by
way of the 4 October 2019 email. While the Supreme Court Practice Directions
on service by email should, if applicable, be adhered to, the issue before me
was whether the 4 October 2019 email to the plaintiff’s solicitors would meet
the requirements under r 96(4)(d) BR as a valid mode of substituted service.
As explained above, it was entirely reasonable for the defendant to presume
that the 4 October 2019 email would be effective in bringing the plaintiff’s
attention to the SD, and the SD was in fact successfully brought to the
plaintiff’s attention. In Wong Kwei Cheong ([20] supra) at [14], Rajendran J
accepted the debtor’s counsel’s argument that in circumstances where the
creditor was aware that the debtor was legally represented, it would be
reasonable to expect the creditor or its solicitors to communicate a statutory
demand to the debtor through the debtor’s solicitors. This is precisely what
the defendant did in this case by the 4 October email. It would therefore, in
my opinion, have been a mode which the court would have ordered in an
application for substituted service of an originating summons in the
circumstances, irrespective of paragraph 33(6) of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions. Further, I do not consider that paragraph 33(6) of the Supreme
Court Practice Directions, or for that matter O 62 r 5(4) ROC, exhaustively
set out the requirements of substituted service by way of electronic mail.

37 In reaching this conclusion, I also considered that the court may permit
substituted service of originating process by way of social media, including
Skype, Facebook and internet message boards (see Storey, David Ian Andrew v
Planet Arkadia Pte Ltd and others [2016] SGHCR 7, in relation to substituted
service under O 62 r 5 ROC). I hark back to VK Rajah J’s comments in Re
Rasmachayana Sulistyo ([25] supra) at [10] that the requirements for valid
service of the statutory demand, whilst undoubtedly an important prerequisite
to the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings, are circumscribed by pragmatism
and not by an overtly rigid and technical approach. The emphasis of r 96 BR
and the mischief it seeks to address is ensuring that the statutory demand is
“brought to the personal attention of the debtor prior to the hearing of the
petition” [emphasis in original] (Re Rasmachayana Sulistyo at [10] and [21]).
The overarching intention of, or purpose underlying, the service requirements
in civil proceedings in general, and under r 96 BR, is the efficacy of the
mode of service (be it actual or deemed service) in bringing effective notice
of the proceedings or the statutory demand, as the case may be, to the
defendant or the debtor respectively. In my view, the 4 October email more
than met this purpose on the facts before me and was therefore a sufficiently
reasonable step taken by the defendant. In my judgment, it constituted valid
service under r 96(4)(d) BR, whether by itself or collectively with the
advertisement.

38 For all the reasons given above, I dismissed the plaintiff’s challenge to
the validity of service of the SD. The SD was validly served on the plaintiff
on 4 October 2019.

Issue 2: Whether there are any other grounds on which the SD should be set
aside.

39 Having found that there was valid service of the SD, I then turned my
attention to whether the SD should be set aside on any other grounds under r
98 BR.

No genuine triable issues on the 26 October invoice

The parties’ cases

40 The plaintiff contended that the SD should be set aside under r 98(2)(b) BR
on the basis that he disputed the quantum owed to the defendant. The plaintiff
submitted that the facts surrounding the 13 March invoice (and the taxation
proceedings) gave him reason to deduce that there may be inaccuracies in the
26 October invoice that was the subject of the SD, that the 26 October invoice
did not provide a breakdown of time entries, and that the amount of
professional fees claimed by the defendant was unreasonably excessive. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 51-75

The plaintiff also submitted that the SD should be set aside under r 98(2)(a)
BR as he had a cross demand against the defendant for breach of contract for
an amount that exceeded the amount of the debt specified in the SD. The
essence of this last contention was that the defendant held deposits from the
plaintiff that, according to the terms of the defendant’s letter of
engagement, were only to be utilised in payment of the defendant’s final
invoice (that, in this case, would have been the 13 March invoice). However,
in breach of that term, the defendant proceeded to utilise the deposits in
part payment of the 26 October invoice, which was the penultimate invoice
issued by the defendant to the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s cross demand against
the defendant was for the total amount of deposits amounting to $176,025.30
alleged to have been wrongfully utilised by the latter. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 76-81

41 The defendant submitted that the plaintiff is no longer entitled to dispute
the quantum of the debt, as taxation is the only judicial process by which a
client can dispute the quantum of his solicitor’s bill, citing as authority
the decision of Vinodh Coomaraswamy J in Kosui Singapore Pte Ltd v Thangavelu
[2015] 5 SLR 722 (“Kosui”) at [56]–[57]. The plaintiff did not apply for an
order for taxation within the time limit prescribed in the Legal Profession
Act, and Abdullah J had found in OS 67 that there were no special
circumstances justifying an order for taxation. As the plaintiff did not
appeal the decision in OS 67, it had no other avenues available to it to
challenge the quantum of the 26 October invoice. The present appeal before me,
the defendant so argued, was a backdoor attempt by the plaintiff to circumvent
the decision of Abdullah J and thereby, in effect, obtain an order for
taxation. The defendant submitted that if the SD was set aside and it were to
commence a suit to enforce the debt, the court should similarly not go into
the merits of whether the solicitor’s fees were reasonable. If it did, it
would be tantamount to opening a backdoor for the plaintiff to enable taxation
proceedings, thereby denuding the protection offered to solicitors against
their clients under s 122 of the Legal Profession Act.

42 In regard to the plaintiff’s contention that it had a valid and genuine
cross demand against the defendant, the defendant’s explanation given to me by
its counsel, Mr Goh Keng Huang (“Mr Goh”), was that there was an agreement
reached during a telephone conversation between the defendant and the
plaintiff’s previous solicitors Optimus Law, that the defendant was to utilise
the deposit in part payment of the 26 October invoice in order to stop or
reduce interest running on that invoice. Following that agreement, the total
deposit amounting to $176,025.30 was so utilised by the defendant, and the
remaining sum due under the 26 October invoice was the amount demanded in the
SD.

Legal principles

43 Rule 98(2)(a) BR provides that the court shall set aside a statutory demand
if the debtor appears to have a valid counterclaim, set-off or cross demand
that is equivalent to or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in
the statutory demand. Rule 98(2)(b) BR provides that the court shall set aside
a statutory demand if the debt is disputed on grounds that appear to the court
to be substantial. Additional guidance on these provisions has been given in
paragraph 144(3) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions, which states that
when a debtor claims to have a counterclaim, set-off or cross demand, or
disputes the debt, the Court will normally set aside the statutory demand if,
in its opinion, there is a genuine triable issue on the evidence. As the Court
of Appeal explained in Mohd Zain bin Abdullah v Chimbusco International
Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2014] 2 SLR 446 at [30], it
will “not suffice for a debtor to raise spurious allegations in order to fend
off bankruptcy proceedings..…”.

No dispute that appears to the court to be substantial

44 I agreed with the defendant’s submissions and found Kosui persuasive that
taxation is the exclusive judicial recourse available to the plaintiff to any
challenge he wished to mount over the quantum of the defendant’s fees. The
plaintiff had in fact attempted to avail himself of that very avenue of
recourse via OS 67. The court had decided in OS 67 that the plaintiff was not
entitled to an order for taxation for the 26 October invoice, from which order
there was no appeal or attempt to do so by the plaintiff. That was, in my
judgment, rightly the end of the matter in relation to whether the 26 October
invoice could be challenged. The 13 March invoice, which was the subject of
the taxation proceedings, was a separate matter from, and irrelevant to, the
current proceedings. During the hearing before me, Mr Kang did not seek to
distinguish Kosui or persuade me that it was inapplicable to the plaintiff’s
case. Whilst Mr Kang submitted that the plaintiff was not seeking to
circumvent the order of Abdullah J in OS 67, it was clear to me that this was,
in substance, a blatant attempt to do so. As an illustration of this, the
second affidavit of the plaintiff filed in OSB 129 comprised more than 70
paragraphs detailing why the quantum of the 26 October invoice was
unreasonable. These would be precisely the sort of objections one would expect
to be raised in taxation proceedings. It was therefore difficult to accept the
plaintiff’s contention that he was not seeking a second bite of the cherry.

45 Finally, during the hearing before me, Mr Kang referred me briefly to the
decision of Mavis Chionh DJ (as she then was) in Engelin Teh Practice LLC
formerly known as Engelin Teh and Partners v Tan Sui Chuan [2006] SGDC 2
(“Engelin Teh Practice”). Engelin Teh Practice involved an appeal by the
plaintiff law firm against the refusal to grant it summary judgment against
the defendant, a former client. The appeal was allowed and judgment entered
against the defendant by the judge. The defendant was granted leave by the
judge to appeal to the High Court, and its appeal to the High Court was
subsequently dismissed without any written grounds delivered.

46 Pertinently, in Engelin Teh Practice, it was held that as the defendant
there had not objected to the bill for more than two years since the bill was
delivered and no application had been made to tax the bill, the defendant was
precluded from challenging the bill or seeking an order for taxation in the
summary judgment proceedings.

47 Mr Kang referred me to a passage in Engelin Teh Practice where the judge
was referred to an English Court of Appeal decision in Turner & Co (a firm) v
O Paloma SA [1999] 4 All ER 353 (“Turner & Co”). Mr Kang relied on that
passage in support of his argument that the plaintiff could, in OSB 129, still
dispute the quantum of the defendant’s fees notwithstanding that the plaintiff
was no longer entitled to have the 26 October invoice taxed.

48 The English Court of Appeal in Turner & Co held that where a solicitor sued
a client for unpaid charges, the client was entitled to challenge the
reasonableness of the sum claimed under common law notwithstanding that the
period for invoking the taxation procedure under the relevant English
legislation (the 1974 Solicitors Act (c 47) (UK)) had expired. Mr Kang
submitted that following Turner & Co, there was no bar to the plaintiff
seeking to dispute the reasonableness of the 26 October invoice in OSB 129.

49 I did not find Turner & Co persuasive and in any event, I decline to follow
it in light of the decision of Coomaraswamy J in Kosui ([41] supra). Indeed,
it appeared to me that the ratio decidendi in Engelin Teh Practice (summarised
at [46] above) was in fact consistent with Kosui. Further, Turner & Co was, in
my opinion, distinguishable from the facts before me. There was, for example,
nothing to suggest that the defendant in Turner & Co had applied to the court
for an order for taxation and failed, like the plaintiff in this case.

50 In my view, the plaintiff had failed to raise any genuine triable issue
with regard to the quantum of the debt under the 26 October invoice and
therefore, there was no basis for the SD to be set aside under r 98(2)(b) BR.

No valid or genuine cross demand

51 Whilst the explanation given by Mr Goh at [42] above was not on affidavit,
I saw no reason to disregard it or to disbelieve Mr Goh’s explanation. In this
case, the defendant’s counsel was from the same entity as the defendant who
had issued the SD. In the circumstances and based on the explanation given,
which I was prepared to accept, I rejected the plaintiff’s contention that it
had a valid or genuine cross demand against the defendant to justify setting
aside the SD under r 98(2)(a) BR.

Extension of time

52 Given my decision that the advertisement and the 4 October 2019 email
constituted valid service of the SD, whether individually or collectively, it
was not necessary for me to consider if service by way of the 22 October 2019
email was valid. In my view, valid substituted service of the SD was effected
on 4 October 2019. Under r 97(1)(a) BR, an application to set aside an SD was
required to be made within 14 days from the date of actual or deemed service
of the SD. The plaintiff’s application in OSB 129 (filed on 31 October 2019)
was thus out of time as it should have been filed by 18 October 2019. The
plaintiff would have to obtain an extension of time, under r 97(3) BR, to
apply to set aside the SD.

53 The plaintiff submitted that it had made its application to set aside the
SD after only a short delay and with no prejudice to the defendant. Mr Kang
cited Liew Kai Lung Karl v Ching Chiat Kwong [2015] 3 SLR 1204 (“Liew Kai Lung
Karl”) to make the case that the threshold to obtain an extension of time was
not a particularly high one, and also argued that the plaintiff had strong
grounds on which to apply for the SD to be set aside. The defendant submitted
that the plaintiff had not given the court any explanation for the delay and
should not be granted an extension of time.

54 The factors that the court should take into consideration when an
application is made for an extension of time to set aside an SD are set out in
Rafat Ali Rizvi v Ing Bank NV Hong Kong Branch [2011] SGHC 114 at [32]. The
factors are as follows:

(a) the period of the delay;

(b) the reasons for the delay;

(c) the grounds for setting aside the statutory demand; and

(d) the prejudice that may result from an extension of time.

but the weight to be given to each factor is dependent on the specific facts
of each case.

55 On the facts before me, the application was filed almost two weeks late,
which I found to be not insubstantial given that the plaintiff was aware of
the SD on or around 4 October 2019. Further, the plaintiff did not give any
reasons for the delay and in fact it appears that he made a deliberate,
tactical decision to wait until HC/B 2786/2019 was filed before taking any
action. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Certified Transcript (HC/RA 353/2019), at p 3 ln 8-15

In addition, as I have found above, the grounds for setting aside the SD are
also unmeritorious. However, since one of the reasons relied on by the
plaintiff to set aside the SD was that he was not validly served, my decision
on the date of valid service could conceivably affect his application for an
extension of time. I thus proceeded to consider if there were other grounds on
which the SD could be set aside. In any event, as I found the plaintiff’s
application to set aside the SD to be without merit, whether an extension of
time should be granted was ultimately rendered moot. This was, in essence,
also the approach taken in Liew Kai Lung Karl at [8].

Conclusion

56 I found that: (a) there was valid service of the SD on the plaintiff on 4
October 2019 by way of the advertisement and the 4 October email, whether
viewed individually or collectively; (b) there was no dispute on the debt that
appeared to the court to be substantial; and (c) there was no valid cross
demand that was equivalent to or exceeded the debt. For these reasons, I
dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal with costs.

57 On the issue of costs, Mr Goh for the defendant sought to persuade me that
costs should be ordered against the plaintiff on an indemnity basis and
referred me to the decision of Justice Chan Seng Onn in Airtrust (Hong Kong)
Ltd v PH Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 5 SLR 103 at [49]. Mr Goh
submitted that the conduct of the plaintiff in evading service and attempting,
in OSB 129, to circumvent Abdullah J’s order in OS 67 amounted to sufficiently
improper conduct warranting an order of indemnity costs against the plaintiff.
On the other hand, Mr Kang submitted that it could not be said that OSB 129
was taken out without any basis or that the appeal before me had been
conducted in an inappropriate or utterly baseless manner and therefore, costs
of the appeal should only be awarded against the plaintiff on the standard
basis.

58 I agreed with the plaintiff. I did not think that the conduct of the
plaintiff in OSB 129 or in the appeal before me could be construed as
improper, warranting a departure from the usual basis on which costs are
ordered against an unsuccessful party. This was not an appropriate case for
costs against the plaintiff to be ordered on an indemnity basis. Accordingly,
I ordered that the plaintiff pay the defendant costs of the appeal on the
standard basis (inclusive of disbursements), which I fixed at $4,000.

S Mohan  
Judicial Commissioner

Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Ashok Kumar Rai (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the plaintiff;

Goh Keng Huang and Leong Woon Ho (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the defendant;

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

