Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 270

Originating Summons No 1044 of 2020

Between

Lim Tean  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Tean

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2020] SGHC 270

High Court — Originating Summons No 1044 of 2020  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
5 November 2020

8 December 2020

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 The plaintiff, Mr Lim Tean, is a lawyer and opposition politician who is
currently the subject of two criminal investigations conducted by the
Singapore Police Force. The defendant is the Attorney-General (“AG”). The
plaintiff filed Originating Summons No 1044 of 2020 (“OS 1044”) for leave
under O 53 r 1(b) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) to
commence judicial review to seek various remedies against the police.
Essentially, the plaintiff seeks to prevent the police from continuing the two
investigations against him. At the conclusion of the hearing, I dismissed the
plaintiff’s application because it was without any merit and I provided
parties with brief reasons for my decision. I elaborate on those grounds
below.

Background facts

2 As stated, the plaintiff is currently the subject of two criminal
investigations (“the investigations”). The first is conducted by Investigation
Officer Desmond Toh (“IO Toh”) of the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) of
the Singapore Police Force. It concerns the alleged commission by the
plaintiff of the offence of criminal breach of trust under s 409 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) (“CAD investigations”). This is
because the plaintiff had allegedly misappropriated a sum of S$30,000 which he
received from AXA Insurance Pte Ltd (“AXA Insurance”) on behalf of one of his
former clients, Mr Suresh Kumar s/o A Jesupal (“Mr Kumar”).

3 This sum of S$30,000 was part of a larger sum of S$50,000 which the
defendant in DC/DC 387/2015 (“DC 387”), Mr Guo Nengqing (“Mr Guo”), was
ordered to pay Mr Kumar as damages. The plaintiff had represented Mr Kumar as
counsel in DC 387, which was a motor accident claim. Mr Kumar had been injured
in an accident which was caused entirely by the negligence of Mr Guo. In the
course of DC 387, the plaintiff was replaced by Mr Joseph Chen (“Mr Chen”),
who has his own law firm, as the lawyer for Mr Kumar. Nevertheless, it is said
that AXA Insurance, the insurer for Mr Guo, made the payment of the S$30,000
to the plaintiff’s firm even though they were no longer the solicitors on
record. Mr Kumar claims that, to date, he has not received this sum of
S$30,000 from the plaintiff. Mr Chen then made a complaint to the police, on
behalf of Mr Guo, about the alleged criminal breach of trust of the S$30,000
by the plaintiff. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See Lim Tean’s OS 1044 affidavit dated 5 November 2020, Exhibit “LT-3”; Notes
of Arguments dated 5 November 2020 at p 3 line 5.

4 The second investigation is conducted by Investigating Officer Hannah Cheong
(“IO Cheong”) of the police’s Central Division regarding alleged unlawful
stalking under s 7(1) read with s 7(6) of the Protection from Harassment Act
(Cap 256A, 2015 Rev Ed) (“POHA”) by the plaintiff against his former employee
(“POHA investigations”). The complainant’s allegation is that the plaintiff
had invited her for dinner and drinks at his home and persistently addressed
her using inappropriate terms such as “darling” and “baby”, even after she
told him that she felt uncomfortable with this. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Hannah Cheong’s affidavit dated 3 November 2020 (“IO Cheong’s Affidavit”) at
[8].

5 On 23 September 2020, IO Toh and IO Cheong made a telephone call to the
plaintiff together to inform him that he was required to attend the CAD’s
office on 28 September 2020 to answer questions in relation to suspected
offences of criminal breach of trust and unlawful stalking. The plaintiff
stated that he would be unable to attend any interview until after 9 October
2020. IO Toh informed the plaintiff that he would nevertheless be writing to
the plaintiff to require him to attend an interview on 28 September 2020, and
that the plaintiff should write in formally if he wished to request to
reschedule the interview. Later that day, IO Toh duly wrote to the plaintiff
to fix the interview at CAD’s office on 28 September 2020 at 9.00am. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Desmond Toh’s affidavit dated 3 November 2020 (“IO Toh’s Affidavit”) at
[21]–[22]; IO Cheong’s Affidavit at [11].

6 On 27 September 2020, the plaintiff’s counsel (by which I am referring to Mr
Ravi s/o Madasamy) emailed a letter to IO Toh (copying IO Cheong) to state,
inter alia, that the plaintiff had “no intention of turning up for any
interview” because CAD was “investigating trumped up charges against [the
plaintiff] which [were] politically motivated” and “in furtherance of the
Minister’s political agenda”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

IO Toh’ Affidavit at pp 38–43.

No mention was made as to why the investigation was said to be “politically
motivated”, nor was there any mention as to which Minister was being referred
to.

7 On 28 September 2020, the plaintiff did not attend the CAD’s office for the
scheduled interview. Instead, on the same day, IO Toh received another letter
from the plaintiff’s counsel (which was copied to IO Cheong) stating, inter
alia, that “the subject matter of the monies is before the State Court[s]” and
that any steps on IO Toh’s part to “compel” the plaintiff to give a statement
“would go against the due administration of justice”. This was a reference to
a suit that was pending before the Magistrate’s Court (described below at
[27]). IO Toh replied that afternoon to state that they would respond shortly.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [27]–[29], pp 37–48 and pp 53–55; IO Cheong’s Affidavit
at [13].

8 On 30 September 2020, IO Toh received another letter from the plaintiff’s
counsel (copying IO Cheong) which complained that Mr Chen, who is Mr Kumar’s
present lawyer, had “trespassed” on the plaintiff’s office and shouted at his
staff. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [30] and pp 56–59; IO Cheong’s Affidavit at [14].

9 On 1 October 2020, IO Toh sent his response to the plaintiff’s counsel
(copying IO Cheong) to clarify that the CAD was investigating an offence under
s 409 of the Penal Code, while Central Division was investigating an offence
under s 7(1) of the POHA. IO Toh rejected “any assertion that the
investigations [were] politically motivated”. IO Toh also noted the
plaintiff’s position not to attend any interviews with the police. IO Toh
stated that the police have the “responsibility to investigate” the
allegations and will “take all necessary steps to do so”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [31] and pp 60–63; IO Cheong’s Affidavit at [17].

10 Since the plaintiff, through his counsel, had explicitly stated that he did
not intend to turn up for any interviews with the police, the CAD assessed
that it was necessary to arrest the plaintiff pursuant to s 64(1) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). CAD officers duly
arrested the plaintiff on 2 October 2020 at around 10.40am at the plaintiff’s
office and brought the plaintiff back to the Police Cantonment Complex. IO Toh
then attempted to interview the plaintiff regarding the CAD investigations,
but the plaintiff did not, according to IO Toh, answer any of his questions. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [32]–[33].

11 At about 4.03pm on the same day, IO Toh offered the plaintiff bail at
S$30,000 with one surety, on condition that his passport be impounded as part
of the bail conditions. The plaintiff agreed to the bail conditions. The
plaintiff was also allowed phone calls to make arrangements for a bailor to
post bail. IO Toh kept IO Cheong informed of the plaintiff’s arrest. While
waiting for the plaintiff’s bailor to arrive, IO Toh left the interview room
for IO Cheong to interview the plaintiff regarding the POHA investigations.
According to IO Toh and IO Cheong, the plaintiff refused to be interviewed by
IO Cheong.

12 IO Cheong then served a notice on the plaintiff that stated that he was
required to attend the Central Division’s office on 12 October 2020 at 9.00am
for an interview in relation to the POHA investigations. According to IO
Cheong, the plaintiff said that he would not be attending the interview due to
other engagements, but did not elaborate further. IO Cheong then emailed a
copy of the notice to the plaintiff, who was released on bail later that day
at around 7.16pm. The plaintiff’s bail conditions included the condition that
he was to surrender to custody or to make himself available for investigations
at the date, time and place appointed for him to do so. Copies of the bail
form setting out the plaintiff’s bail conditions were provided to the
plaintiff and his bailor. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [34]–[36]; IO Cheong’s Affidavit at [19]–[21] and pp
44–45.

13 On 9 October 2020, IO Cheong received a letter from the plaintiff’s counsel
stating that the plaintiff “is in the process of commencing legal proceedings
against the Singapore Police Force and the relevant people behind the state
machinery in this [sic] politically motivated investigations". The letter
requested a deferment of the plaintiff’s interview on 12 October 2020 until
after the conclusion of the intended legal proceedings, or after 19 October
2020 when the plaintiff would be available for an interview “under protest”
but where he would remain silent. IO Cheong replied on 10 October 2020 with a
letter from the police’s Central Division stating that the plaintiff’s
interview would be rescheduled to 20 October 2020 at 9.00am. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

IO Cheong’s Affidavit at [22]–[23] and pp 47–54.

14 From 9 to 13 October 2020, the plaintiff’s counsel wrote letters to IO Toh
(copying IO Cheong) to state that the arrest of the plaintiff was unlawful and
to demand for the names of the CAD officers involved in the arrest. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at pp 67–83.

On 15 October 2020 at about 10.35am, IO Toh responded to the plaintiff’s
counsel to reject as baseless the claim that the plaintiff’s arrest was
unlawful and to reject the demand for the names of the CAD officers. IO Toh
also stated that the plaintiff and his bailor were required to attend CAD’s
office on 16 October 2020 at 10.00am to extend his bail (“15 October letter”):
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [39] and p 89.

Dear Sirs

MR. LIM TEAN’S (“YOUR CLIENT”) ATTENDANCE AT CANTONMENT COMPLEX ON 16 OCTOBER
2020

We refer to your letters of 9 and 13 October 2020.

…

4\. Your client’s attendance, together with his bailor, is required at the
Commercial Affairs Department on 16 October 2020 at 1000 hours to extend his
bail. If your client does not attend, he will be in breach of his bail
conditions and Police will take all necessary action against him.

15 A short while later at about 10.59am, the plaintiff’s counsel telephoned IO
Toh to ask if the plaintiff was going to be interviewed when he reported to
the CAD’s office on 16 October 2020. According to IO Toh, after he replied
“yes”, the plaintiff’s counsel informed him that he would be taking “necessary
steps” and immediately ended the call. Then, at about 12.16pm, IO Toh received
another letter from the plaintiff’s counsel (copying IO Cheong) stating that
he would be taking the necessary legal action to procure the names of the
officers involved in the plaintiff’s arrest on 2 October 2020, and thanking IO
Toh for confirming that the plaintiff was only required to attend CAD’s office
on 16 October 2020 to extend his bail but not to provide any investigative
statement: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [41] and pp 90 and 96.

Dear Sir,

REQUEST TO MR. LIM TEAN ("OUR CLIENT") TO ATTEND AT CANTONMENT COMPLEX ON 16TH
OCTOBER 2020 FOR INVESTIGATIONS.

1\. We refer to the above matter and your letter of even date.

…

4\. We note from paragraph 4 of your letter that our client is only required
to attend Commercial Affairs Department tomorrow, 16th October 2020 at 10 am,
ONLY for the purpose of extending his bail and not to give any statement.

5\. We thank you for the said confirmation.

[emphasis in original]

16 On 16 October 2020, the plaintiff and his bailor attended CAD’s office. IO
Toh informed the plaintiff that he wished to record a statement from the
plaintiff after his bail extension was done. According to IO Toh, the
plaintiff refused to give his statement, on the basis that he would be filing
legal proceedings against CAD for contempt of court. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [45].

17 On 19 October 2020, the plaintiff filed the present proceedings, OS 1044.
On 20 October 2020 at around 9.15am, the plaintiff attended Central Division’s
office for his interview with IO Cheong for the POHA investigations. The
plaintiff informed IO Cheong at the start that he would not be answering any
questions, as advised by his counsel. IO Cheong nevertheless asked him some
questions related to the POHA investigations, but the plaintiff did not
answer. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

IO Cheong’s Affidavit at [29].

The plaintiff’s case

18 In OS 1044, the plaintiff sought leave under O 53 r 1(b) of the ROC to
commence judicial review and to obtain the following remedies.

(a) A prohibiting order to prohibit IO Toh and the CAD from further
investigating the plaintiff in the CAD investigations, pending the
determination of OS 1044. This is based on the ground that “the subject matter
of the investigations in relation to $30,000 is before the State Courts in MC
Suit No.: MC/MC 1595/2020” (“MC 1595”), and it will be “tantamount to contempt
of court” if the CAD investigations are allowed to proceed.

(b) A prohibiting order to prohibit IO Cheong from further investigating the
plaintiff in the POHA investigations, pending the determination of OS 1044.
This is based on the ground that IO Cheong was in “collusion” with IO Toh when
the latter “comraded” the plaintiff to attend the CAD’s office to give a
statement to IO Cheong, when IO Cheong “knew” that it was “outside” IO Toh’s
“remit” to make such a direction.

(c) A mandatory order against CAD and the police to discontinue the
investigations, as “the entire process of both investigations” is
“irreversibly tainted with biasness by reason of collusion and the prejudicial
manner” in which the investigations have been dealt with.

(d) A declaration that IO Toh breached his and CAD’s undertaking to the
plaintiff that no further statements would be taken from the plaintiff when
the plaintiff attended CAD’s office on 16 October 2020 (“alleged
undertaking”).

Requirements of O 53 r (1)(b) of the Rules of Court

19 It is well established law that there are three requirements that must be
satisfied before leave can be granted to commence judicial review under O 53 r
1(b) of ROC. First, the subject matter of the complaint has to be susceptible
to judicial review. Second, the applicant has to have a sufficient interest in
the matter. Third, the materials before the court have to disclose an arguable
or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies
sought by the applicant: Gobi a/l Avedian and another v Attorney-General and
another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 883 (“Gobi”) at [44]. The burden of proof lies
squarely on the applicant to satisfy the court that these requirements are
met: AXY and others v Comptroller of Income Tax [2018] 1 SLR 1069 (“AXY”) at
[33].

20 While the threshold for obtaining leave is low, it does not mean that the
evidence and arguments placed before the court can be “either skimpy or
vague”, and “bare assertions will not suffice”: Gobi at [54]. The requirement
to obtain leave for judicial review “is intended to filter out groundless or
hopeless cases at an early stage and its aim is to prevent waste of judicial
time as well as to protect public bodies from harassment”. Thus,
notwithstanding the modest threshold for granting leave, the courts “have not
hesitated to dismiss unmeritorious judicial review applications even at the
leave stage”: Lee Pheng Lip Ian v Chen Fun Gee and others [2020] 1 SLR 586 at
[25]; AXY at [34].

21 From the parties’ submissions, it was common ground that the first two
requirements were satisfied in this case. The dispute between the parties was
whether the third requirement was met.

22 After hearing counsels’ arguments and reviewing the material that had been
put forward as the basis of the application to be permitted to seek judicial
review, I found that the plaintiff had fallen far short of showing that there
was an arguable or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of
granting the remedies that were sought.

Alleged undertaking by IO Desmond Toh to the plaintiff

23 First, regarding the declaration, the plaintiff relied, in his affidavit,
on his counsel’s letter dated 15 October 2020 (see [15] above) in his attempt
to show that IO Toh and/or CAD made the alleged undertaking. This letter in
turn makes reference to the 15 October letter from IO Toh to the plaintiff
(see [14] above), which the plaintiff claims is the letter from IO Toh that
contains the alleged undertaking. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Lim Tean’s OS 1044 affidavit dated 19 October 2020 at [12] and Exhibit LT-Page
3.

24 However, a plain reading of this 15 October letter (at [14] above)
immediately shows that, while it states that the plaintiff’s attendance was
required at CAD’s office on 16 October 2020 to extend his bail, it did not
state that the plaintiff’s attendance was only required for the extension of
bail and that there would be no interview of the plaintiff on that day. For
completeness, I should add that, in his affidavit, IO Toh also denied ever
making the alleged undertaking or any undertaking of a similar nature to the
plaintiff or his counsel. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [38].

25 In the circumstances, I agreed with counsel for the defendant that IO Toh
and the CAD did not make any undertaking via the 15 October letter not to take
a statement from the plaintiff on 16 October 2020. Given that the plaintiff
relied only on the 15 October letter and nothing more, there was therefore no
prima facie evidence of the alleged undertaking. More importantly, even if
there was such an undertaking by IO Toh, counsel for the plaintiff failed to
make any submissions as to the legal effect of such an “undertaking” and its
“breach”. In short, the plaintiff’s case in relation to the declaration about
the alleged undertaking was a complete non-starter. As such, I was of the view
that there was no prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the
declaration sought by the plaintiff (see [18(d)] above) would ever be granted.

CAD investigations

26 As for the prohibiting and mandatory orders sought, the plaintiff did not
cite any authorities or any legal principle to support his rather remarkable
contention that the Court could, in appropriate circumstances, grant orders to
stop the CAD and the police from continuing their investigations into
complaints that had been made. Instead, for the CAD investigations, the
plaintiff’s case was that it would amount to “contempt of court” under s
3(1)(e) of the Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (Act 19 of
2016) (“AJPA”) for the CAD investigations to continue because “the subject
matter of the investigations” is “before the State Courts” in MC 1595.

27 The plaintiff only filed an affidavit which enclosed the statement of claim
filed by Mr Kumar in MC 1595 against AXA Insurance and Mr Guo on the morning
of the hearing before me on 5 November 2020. The plaintiff is the third party
in MC 1595. In that action, Mr Kumar is seeking a declaration that AXA
Insurance’s payment of S$30,000 to the plaintiff did not discharge Mr Guo’s
liability to Mr Kumar in DC 387 or AXA Insurance’s statutory liability under s
9 of the Motor Vehicles (Third Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189,
2000 Rev Ed). Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that Mr Kumar is seeking a
“second bite of the cherry” because he did not sue the plaintiff for the
S$50,000 in MC 1595, but yet Mr Chen (Mr Kumar’s present lawyer in MC 1595)
made the police report against the plaintiff, on Mr Kumar’s behalf, regarding
the S$30,000. In other words, according to the plaintiff, Mr Kumar seems to
have taken inconsistent positions in MC 1595 (that the plaintiff does not owe
him the S$30,000) and the police report (that the plaintiff owes him the
S$30,000).

28 I was not satisfied that there was an arguable or prima facie case of
reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the prohibiting and mandatory
orders sought by the plaintiff to restrain the CAD from resuming the CAD
investigations.

29 First, the plaintiff had not shown me that it would be appropriate in this
case for the Court to grant prohibiting and mandatory orders to stop the
police investigations. In Anwar Siraj and another v Ting Kang Chung John
[2010] 1 SLR 1026 (“Anwar Siraj”), the appellants filed an originating summons
to set aside an arbitration award made by the respondent. The appellants then
filed a summons to apply for, inter alia, the police and/or the Commercial
Affairs Department to be “directed” to “speedily complete their
investigations” into the magistrate’s complaints filed by the appellants
against the respondent. The High Court declined to make this order (see Anwar
Siraj and Another v Ting Kang Chung John and Another [2009] SGHC 71). The
Court of Appeal allowed the respondent’s application to strike out the
appellants’ appeal principally because the notice of appeal was filed out of
time and the circumstances of the case did not merit an extension of time.
This was partly because the appellants had failed to show that the court had
the power, in a civil suit, to make a mandatory order against the said law
enforcement agencies when the said agencies were not a party to the
proceedings (at [39]).

30 More importantly for present purposes, the Court of Appeal went on to
observe (at [40]), citing Clive Lewis QC, Judicial Remedies in Public Law
(Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2009) at para 4-084, that, even in cases where an
application for a mandamus (now known as a mandatory order) had been properly
made, English courts “will not … give orders to the police telling them how
and when to exercise their powers in specific situations as the court is not
in a position to determine what action particular situations will require”
[emphasis added]. The Court of Appeal also cited (at [41]) the case of R v
Chief Constable of Devon and Cornwall, ex p Central Electricity Generating
Board [1982] QB 458, where the English Court of Appeal found that, although
there had been a breach of the peace in that case, the court would not grant
orders to the police as to how they should carry out their duties because
“[i]t is of the first importance that the police should decide on their own
responsibility what action should be taken in any particular situation”
[emphasis added by the Court of Appeal].

31 Thus, on the facts of Anwar Siraj, the Court of Appeal observed that, even
if the appellants had commenced proceedings by the correct process (ie, for
judicial review seeking a mandamus), the court would still have refused the
application “because it was not for this court to instruct the law enforcement
agencies as to how they should go about doing their jobs” [emphasis added]: at
[42]. In my view, the same approach should apply to situations where the
applicant, as in the present case, seeks relief from the court to mandate the
police to halt investigations. Barring any express statutory provision which
gives the Court the power to stop the police from carrying out its duty to
conduct criminal investigations, I do not think it would be appropriate for
the Court to direct the police on when to commence or stop its investigations.

32 In his submissions, counsel for the plaintiff had completely failed to
address this issue. No statutory provision, case precedent, or legal principle
was cited by the plaintiff for the proposition that it would have been
appropriate for the Court to stop the police from carrying out its
investigations in this case. On the contrary, the CPC lays down detailed
procedures on how the police should carry out its investigations and record
statements from persons of interest. For instance, the police have a duty
under ss 16 and 17 of the CPC to investigate a case that has been reported
under ss 14 or 15 of the CPC. Section 22 of the CPC also lists detailed steps
on how statements should be taken during investigations.

33 Even for criminal prosecutions carried out by the AG, it is trite that the
AG’s discretion to prosecute under Art 35(8) of the Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“Constitution”) is only
subject to judicial review in two situations: where the prosecutorial power is
abused, ie, exercised in bad faith for an extraneous purpose, and where its
exercise contravenes constitutional protections and rights: Ramalingam
Ravinthran v Attorney-General [2012] 2 SLR 49 at [17], endorsing Law Society
of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239 at [149]. The
plaintiff did not seek to submit that these limits may or should be extended
to the police. Assuming arguendo that these limits could be extended to police
investigations, the plaintiff had failed to show me that the police had acted
in bad faith or in contrary to the Constitution in this case. Thus, the
plaintiff had completely failed to satisfy me that the prohibiting and
mandatory orders sought can be or should be granted in this case.

34 Second, the plaintiff failed to prove any prima facie case of contempt of
court. Contrary to the plaintiff’s submissions, I did not think that there was
any “second bite of the cherry” because MC 1595 is different from the CAD
investigations. Mr Kumar’s position in MC 1595 appears to be that AXA
Insurance was not authorised to pay the S$30,000 to the plaintiff because he
was no longer acting as Mr Kumar’s lawyer at the time when the payment was
made. If so, it is not illogical that Mr Kumar wishes to claim the full
S$50,000 from the defendants in MC 1595 and not from the plaintiff. At the
same time, it also flows from Mr Kumar’s position in MC 1595 that the
plaintiff had received the S$30,000 meant for Mr Kumar from AXA Insurance
without authorisation, and that the plaintiff also has not turned over this
sum to Mr Kumar or returned the money to AXA Insurance. If so, I do not see
why Mr Chen cannot prima facie raise a complaint, on behalf of Mr Kumar, to
the CAD in respect of this issue of the plaintiff retaining the S$30,000 he
received. Of course, I make no comment as to whether any offence has been made
out, and I have been assured by counsel for the plaintiff at the hearing that
the plaintiff had specific instructions from Mr Kumar on how to deal with the
sum of S$30,000 that he received. I have no doubt that the CAD investigations
will cover this issue.

35 But, leaving aside the question of whether Mr Kumar had taken inconsistent
positions, the more pertinent question was whether there may even be contempt
of court by reason of the CAD investigations being allowed to continue. The
AJPA is now the primary source of the law of contempt in Singapore. Contempt
under s 3 of the AJPA refers to the interference of the court process or
publications which risk prejudicing or interfering with legal proceedings or
the course of justice. Contempt under s 4 of the AJPA refers to disobeying
court orders and breaching undertakings given to the court. In particular, s
3(1)(e), which the plaintiff relied on, provides:

Contempt by scandalising court, interfering with administration of justice,
etc.

3.—(1) Any person who — …

(e) intentionally does any other act that interferes with, obstructs or poses
a real risk of interference with or obstruction of the administration of
justice in any other manner, if the person knows or ought to have known that
the act would interfere with, obstruct or pose a real risk of interference
with or obstruction of the administration of justice,

commits a contempt of court.

[emphasis added]

36 I could not see how any issue of contempt of court could arise by the mere
fact that the CAD is carrying on its investigations into the plaintiff’s
actions. The mere fact that parallel criminal investigations are ongoing does
not, in and of itself, pose a real risk of interference with or obstruction of
the administration of justice within the meaning of s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA. I
agreed with counsel for the defendant that, under the CPC, criminal
investigations do not come to a halt simply because there are related civil
proceedings in the courts. I also agreed with counsel for the defendant that
there was no allegation at all that the CAD had in any way interfered with or
obstructed proceedings in MC 1595, or commented on the merits of MC 1595, or
prevented the plaintiff or any other party from participating in MC 1595. It
was telling that the plaintiff did not and could not point to any such
interference or obstruction.

37 Furthermore, from the affidavit evidence, it appeared that the CAD
investigations were still in their early stages. What, if any, specific
charges might be brought as a result of the investigations in this case were
still not known at that time. Quite obviously, this would depend on the
outcome of the investigations and the assessment of the case by the Attorney-
General’s Chambers.

38 Thus, in my judgment, the fact that MC 1595 is a civil suit dealing with
the same facts which are the subject of the CAD investigations did not mean
that criminal investigations could not proceed simultaneously. The continuance
of the CAD investigations, without more, cannot, by any conceivable argument,
amount to “contempt of court”.

39 Third, the plaintiff also failed to show me why the investigations should
be halted, even if there were contempt of court. The usual consequence of a
finding of contempt of court under the AJPA is that the offender would be
punished and sentenced under s 12 of the AJPA accordingly. There is nothing in
the AJPA that gives the Court the power to halt criminal investigations as a
result of any commission of contempt of court.

40 As such, I was not satisfied that there was an arguable or prima facie case
of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the prohibiting and mandatory
orders sought by the plaintiff to restrain the CAD from continuing with its
investigations.

POHA investigations

41 As for the POHA investigations, the plaintiff’s ground for seeking to
restrain IO Cheong from resuming investigations was that she “was in
collusion” with IO Toh “when the latter comraded [the plaintiff] to attend the
[CAD] to take statement by [IO Cheong]”. It was entirely unclear to me what
this alleged collusion entailed, apart from the contention that the collusion
was said to be proven by the mere fact that the two officers made a phone call
together to the plaintiff on 23 September 2020. The plaintiff had provided
nothing more than a bare assertion without any details and without any
supporting evidence. In short, there was no prima facie evidence of this
alleged collusion. Such “skimpy or vague” claims do not, as aforementioned at
[20] above, satisfy even the low threshold for leave.

42 On the other hand, IO Toh and IO Cheong had explained clearly on affidavit
that they scheduled to interview the plaintiff on the same date for
convenience. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

IO Toh’s Affidavit at [19]–[20]; IO Cheong’s Affidavit at [15].

This was to save him the trouble of attending the Police Cantonment Complex
twice on different days, given that the CAD and the Central Division are both
located in that complex. I found this to be a perfectly sensible and, indeed,
inherently logical thing for the two officers to have done, and I am unable to
comprehend the plaintiff’s cause for complaint.

43 Far more significantly, counsel for the plaintiff could not explain what
legal effect, if any, the alleged collusion had on the investigations. Thus,
there was completely no legal basis put forward by the plaintiff as to why he
had an arguable case to be entitled to the prohibiting and mandatory orders in
relation to the POHA investigations.

44 In his oral arguments, counsel for the plaintiff also argued that IO Cheong
had compromised her independence by allowing IO Toh to request the plaintiff
to come down for an interview on her behalf. I am unable to agree that this
was enough to raise any issues about the independence of IO Cheong. It is
quite clear to me that it was only for sake of convenience that a single
officer wrote to the plaintiff on 23 September 2020 to arrange the interviews
he would be attending at the Police Cantonment Complex on 28 September 2020.
In my view, that was unobjectionable.

45 In any event, I reiterate my observations at [29] to [33] above that the
plaintiff had not satisfied me on the fundamental issue that it would be
appropriate in this case for the Court to grant prohibiting and mandatory
orders to stop the police investigations. The same concerns also apply to the
POHA investigations. As such, I was also not satisfied that there was an
arguable or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the
prohibiting and mandatory orders sought by the plaintiff to restrain the
police from continuing with the POHA investigations.

Conclusion

46 From my review of his affidavits and letters from plaintiff’s counsel to IO
Toh and IO Cheong, the gist of the plaintiff’s complaints about the
investigations appeared to be that the police reports, according to the
plaintiff, are either untrue or unfounded, and that the complainant for the
allegation of criminal breach of trust, ie, Mr Kumar, is not a person of any
credibility. Instead, the investigations were, according to the plaintiff,
“politically motivated”. However, the plaintiff could not adduce any evidence
to show even a prima facie case that the investigations were so tainted by
“political motivations”, and that there was some legal basis arising from
this, such that the police should somehow be mandated to discontinue the
investigations.

47 I would add that, if it is indeed the plaintiff’s case that the police
reports are unfounded, then it would precisely be in the plaintiff’s interest
to formally provide his statement to the CAD and the police to explain his
version of events so that the investigations may be properly concluded. As
stated at [29] above, there are detailed procedures laid down by statute in
the CPC on how the police should carry out its investigations and record
statements. The police cannot – and, indeed, should not – simply ignore a
police report solely because the person under investigation has raised claims
through counsel that the police report is baseless. The whole purpose of
investigations is to determine whether the police report has grounds or not,
and whether offences have been committed. If a person’s statement of innocence
or allegations of bad faith on the complainant’s part is enough to justify the
Court ordering a stop to police investigations, if that were even possible, it
would make a mockery of the powers and procedures for criminal investigations
set out in the CPC.

48 For the reasons set out above, I found the plaintiff’s claims in this
application to be utterly devoid of any legal merit whatsoever. As such, I
dismissed OS 1044 with costs fixed in the amount of S$7,500 inclusive of
disbursements.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Ravi s/o Madasamy (Carson Law Chambers) for the plaintiff;

Khoo Boo Jin, Joel Chen, Ailene Chou and Ashley Ong (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Dec 2020 (15:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

