Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the High Court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 243

Suit No 1005 of 2019

Between

Ranjit Singh s/o Ramdarsh Singh(suing as co-executor of the estate of Ramdarsh
Singh s/o Danukdhari Singh @ Ram Darash Singh, deceased, and as a beneficiary
of the estate)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Harisankar Singh(sued as co-executor of the estate of Ramdarsh Singh s/o
Danukdhari Singh @ Ram Darash Singh, deceased, and in his personal capacity)  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law] — [Advancement] — [Presumption]

[Land] — [Interest in land]

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts] — [Presumed resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ranjit Singh s/o Ramdarsh Singh (suing as co-executor of the estate of
Ramdarsh Singh s/o Danukdhari Singh @ Ram Darash Singh, deceased, and as a
beneficiary of the estate)

  
v

  

Harisankar Singh (sued as co-executor of the estate of Ramdarsh Singh s/o
Danukdhari Singh @ Ram Darash Singh, deceased, and in his personal capacity)

[2020] SGHC 243

High Court — Suit No 1005 of 2019  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
2 April, 29 July 2020

10 November 2020 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Introduction

1 This is a suit by the plaintiff, Ranjit Singh s/o Ramdarsh Singh (“the
Plaintiff”), against the defendant, Harisankar Singh (“the Defendant”),
concerning a half-share in 85 Syed Alwi Road, Singapore (“the Property”) held
in the Defendant’s name as a tenant in common. The Plaintiff alleged that the
Defendant holds the half-share on resulting trust for Ramdarsh Singh s/o
Danukdhari Singh’s (“the Testator’s”) estate (“the Estate”), and sought relief
accordingly.

2 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I find that the
Defendant holds the half-share in the Property registered in his name
beneficially and dismiss the Plaintiff’s suit. These are my reasons.

Facts

3 The Plaintiff and Defendant are brothers and two of the Testator’s six
children. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ranjit Singh’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at para 7.

The Testator executed a will dated 27 February 1982 (“the Will”), and passed
away on 30 October 1989. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 8.

4 The Defendant was appointed executor of the Estate by way of a Grant of
Probate dated 1 June 1990, and issued on 2 November 1992. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 10.

In the list of assets, it was stated that the Testator’s Estate only had a
half-share in the Property. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 33.

In 2017, the Plaintiff, who was identified as one of the executors and
trustees in the Will, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 9; Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABD”) at p 82.

being dissatisfied with the Defendant’s administration of the Estate, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 14.

applied to court and was appointed as co-executor of the Estate by way of a
Grant of Probate dated 12 April 2017 and issued on 20 June 2017. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 11.

Further, the Plaintiff commenced an action in HCF/S 5/2017 (“S 5/2017”) of the
Family Division of the High Court against the Defendant for various orders
relating to the Estate.

5 Among the reliefs sought in S 5/2017 were two declarations, that (a) the
Defendant held his half-share in the Property on resulting trust for the
Estate; and (b) the Testator had not made a gift of $100,000 in cash to the
Defendant. These related to the Testator’s dealings with these assets inter
vivos. Based on the High Court’s decision in URF and another v URH [2020] 3
SLR 314, the Plaintiff took the view that these declarations should be
proceeded with in separate proceedings in the High Court, and so amended the
statement of claim in S 5/2017 to remove these claims for relief. Having done
so, the present proceedings were brought instead to pursue those claims.
However, the Plaintiff chose not to pursue the declaration at (b) above, but
only sought relief in respect of the Defendant’s half-share in the Property. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 44.

The present action, therefore, deals only with the issue of the beneficial
ownership of the half-share in the Property held by the Defendant.

6 The Plaintiff has brought this suit in his capacity as co-executor of the
Estate, as well as in his personal capacity as a beneficiary of the Estate.
The suit is stated to be against the Defendant in, similarly, both his
capacity as a co-executor of the Estate and in his personal capacity.

7 By the time of the hearing of this case, as recorded in the judgment for S
5/2017 (HCF/JUD 2/2020), there were only three beneficiaries of the Estate,
viz, the parties and their eldest brother, Daya Shanker Singh (“Mr Daya”). He
is not a party to the present proceedings, but his solicitors held a watching
brief for him during the trial.

8 I turn to set out the undisputed facts relating to the Property. The
Property is a two-storey shophouse. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 46.

The title search on the Property shows that the Defendant is registered as a
tenant in common for one half-share in the Property, and also as the owner of
the other half-share on trust in his capacity as executor of the Estate. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Certificate of Title: Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at pp 102–103; ABD at pp 37 and
62–63.

The dispute only concerns the former half-share which appears, on the
register, to be owned by the Defendant.

9 On 2 May 1967, the Property had been conveyed by one Loo Ting Soo to one
Jiwan Singh (“Mr Jiwan”) and the Testator as tenants in common in equal
shares, for the total purchase price of $30,000.00. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Lead Counsel’s Statement (“PLCS”) at p 3; Defendant’s Lead
Counsel’s Statement (“DLCS”) at p 3.

On 10 July 1984, Mr Jiwan conveyed his half-share in the Property to the
Defendant for a consideration of $50,000.00. This sum of $50,000.00 was fully
funded by the Testator. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PLCS at p 3; DLCS at p 3.

On the same day, the Defendant executed a power of attorney (“the Power of
Attorney”), which appointed the Testator as his attorney in matters relating
to the Property. The scope and significance of the Power of Attorney are
subjects of dispute in this case.

10 It is not disputed that after the purchase of Mr Jiwan’s share in the
Property, the Testator, his wife, and the Defendant, together with the
Defendant’s family, moved into the Property. The Testator also employed part
of the Property to derive income from rental or license fees. This income
(“the Income”) consisted of monies paid by persons who either operated
businesses in the shop premises in the Property or stayed in the various rooms
of the Property. The facts surrounding how the Testator dealt with the Income
of the Property during his lifetime are disputed. After the Testator passed
away, the Defendant continued to stay there with his family, and also rented
out part of the Property for income. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PLCS at p 3.

In December 1996, the Plaintiff returned to Singapore from India, where he had
been living since 1968 after completing his primary education here, and where
the parties’ three sisters were also living. Upon his return, the Plaintiff
moved into one room in the Property. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 24; PLCS at p 3.

Parties’ cases

11 The Plaintiff’s case is that the Defendant held his half-share in the
Property on resulting trust for the Testator (during his lifetime) and, after
the Testator’s demise, for his Estate. In this case, the presumption of
resulting trust arises, and it has not been rebutted. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 20.

While the presumption of advancement applies, the Plaintiff argued that the
“presumption of advancement is not strong enough to rebut the presumption of
resulting trust”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PCS at para 37.

There is also no evidence that the Testator intended to make a gift of the
half-share in the Property to the Defendant in 1984, but rather, substantial
evidence that the Testator did not intend to give the half-share to the
Defendant. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PCS at para 38.

12 The Defendant conceded that the presumption of resulting trust arises in
this case. He relied on the presumption of advancement and asserted that the
burden of proof lay on the Plaintiff to prove that the purchase was not
intended to be a gift. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at paras 41–42.

On the Defendant’s case, as the Plaintiff has failed to discharge that burden,
the presumption of advancement remains unrebutted, displacing the presumption
of resulting trust, with the effect that the Defendant holds the half-share of
the Property registered in his name for himself beneficially. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCS at para 46.

Applicable law and issues

13 I begin by setting out the applicable law in this context. As there was
some dispute between the parties as to how the burdens of proof interacted, I
consider it appropriate to set out the relevant principles before turning to
the issues for determination and my conclusions on those issues. In the
present case, the application of the presumption of resulting trust is not in
dispute – both parties acknowledge that the presumption of resulting trust
applies. The question is how this relates to the presumption of advancement.

14 As a starting point, where the presumption of resulting trust and
presumption of advancement are both in issue, the Court of Appeal in Lau Siew
Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”)
at [57] stated that a two-stage approach applies:

The court must first determine if the presumption of resulting trust arises on
the facts; and it is only if a resulting trust is presumed that the
presumption of advancement would apply to displace that initial presumption.

15 The effect of these two presumptions relates to the burden of proof. In Lau
Siew Kim at [57], the Court of Appeal approved of the following passage from
Pecore v Pecore (2007) 279 DLR (4th) 513 at [81]:

If the presumption of advancement applies, an individual who transfers
property into another person’s name is presumed to have intended to make a
gift to that person. The burden of proving that the transfer was not intended
to be a gift, is on the challenger to the transfer. If the presumption of the
resulting trust applies, the transferor is presumed to have intended to retain
the beneficial ownership. The burden of proving that a gift was intended, is
on the recipient of the transfer. [emphasis in original]

16 Based on this passage, the Plaintiff’s submission that “[the Defendant] has
the burden of rebutting the presumption of resulting trust and [the Plaintiff]
has the burden of rebutting the presumption of advancement” 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCS at para 25.

is incorrect to the extent that it suggests that these are burdens that each
party has to discharge at the same time. Rather, once the presumption of
advancement applies, the burden of proof shifts so that it is now the
challenger of the transfer, in this case the Plaintiff, who needs to prove
that the transfer was not intended to be a gift. In this regard, the Court of
Appeal’s further guidance in Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048
(“Chan Yuen Lan”) at [160] is helpful, although the parts concerning common
intention are not relevant to the present dispute:

In view of our discussion above, a property dispute involving parties who have
contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase price of a property and who
have not executed a declaration of trust as to how the beneficial interest in
the property is to be apportioned can be broadly analysed using the following
steps in relation to the available evidence:

(a) Is there sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the property? If the answer is “yes”,
it will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the
property in proportion to their respective contributions to the purchase price
(ie, the presumption of resulting trust arises). If the answer is “no”, it
will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the same
manner as that in which the legal interest is held.

(b) Regardless of whether the answer to (a) is “yes” or “no”, is there
sufficient evidence of an express or an inferred common intention that the
parties should hold the beneficial interest in the property in a proportion
which is different from that set out in (a)? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with that common
intention instead, and not in the manner set out in (a). In this regard, the
court may not impute a common intention to the parties where one did not in
fact exist.

(c) If the answer to both (a) and (b) is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in the property in the same manner as the manner in which
they hold the legal interest.

(d) If the answer to (a) is “yes” but the answer to (b) is “no”, is there
nevertheless sufficient evidence that the party who paid a larger part of the
purchase price of the property (“X”) intended to benefit the other party (“Y”)
with the entire amount which he or she paid? If the answer is “yes”, then X
would be considered to have made a gift to Y of that larger sum and Y will be
entitled to the entire beneficial interest in the property.

(e) If the answer to (d) is “no”, does the presumption of advancement
nevertheless operate to rebut the presumption of resulting trust in (a)? If
the answer is “yes”, then: (i) there will be no resulting trust on the facts
where the property is registered in Y’s sole name (ie, Y will be entitled to
the property absolutely); and (ii) the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property jointly where the property is registered in their
joint names. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property in proportion to their respective contributions to
the purchase price.

(f) Notwithstanding the situation at the time the property was acquired, is
there sufficient and compelling evidence of a subsequent express or inferred
common intention that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in a
proportion which is different from that in which the beneficial interest was
held at the time of acquisition of the property? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with the subsequent
altered proportion. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in one of the modes set out at (b)–(e) above, depending on
which is applicable.

17 Applying this framework to the present case to structure the issues in
dispute: first, the presumption of resulting trust arises because the Testator
fully paid the consideration for the transfer of the half-share to the
Defendant from Mr Jiwan; second, there is no issue of common intention in this
case; third, therefore, the question is whether there is evidence that the
Testator intended to benefit the Defendant with the entire of the half-share
in the Property paid for with the $50,000.00. In this case, the Defendant
relied on the presumption of advancement, which brings us to step (e) in the
analysis in Chan Yuen Lan above. This is where the parties join issue, and,
based on Lau Siew Kim at [57], it is the Plaintiff, as the party challenging
the transfer to the Defendant, who bears the burden of proving that the
transfer was not intended as a gift. The Plaintiff, however, has also raised
specific arguments on the burden of proof in relation to the specific factors
in the analysis. I will deal with these arguments as they arise below when
addressing the facts.

18 In assessing whether the presumption of advancement can be rebutted, the
court has to consider both the strength of the presumption and the evidence
that is adduced to rebut the presumption. The strength of the presumption of
advancement varies in strength according to the facts of each case: Lau Siew
Kim ([14] supra) at [67]; Low Gim Siah and others v Low Geok Khim and another
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 795 (“Low Gim Siah”) at [33]. The stronger the presumption,
the more cogent the evidence has to be for it to be rebutted. The weaker the
presumption, the less weighty the evidence will have to be for the challenging
party to succeed in rebutting the presumption of advancement: Lau Siew Kim at
[68]. However, the strength of the presumption is not “generally diminished”
even today for the traditional categories of relationship where the
presumption applies – as the Court of Appeal in Lau Siew Kim cautioned at
[77]:

Instead, it should only be where the present realities are such that the
putative intention is not readily inferable from the circumstances of the
case, that the presumption would be a weak one easily rebuttable by any slight
contrary evidence. [emphasis added]

19 The assessment of the strength of the presumption of advancement requires
attention to be paid to all the circumstances, but certain elements are
crucial in the analysis (Lau Siew Kim at [78]):

[A]ll the circumstances of the case should be taken into account by the court
when assessing how strongly the presumption of advancement should be applied
in the particular case. The financial dependence of the recipient on the
transferor or contributor, mentioned in Low Gim Siah, is but one factor which
may affect the strength of the presumption of advancement. In our judgment,
two key elements are crucial in determining the strength of the presumption of
advancement in any given case: first, the nature of the relationship between
the parties (for example, the obligation (legal, moral or otherwise) that one
party has towards another or the dependency between the parties); and second,
the state of the relationship (for example, whether the relationship is a
close and caring one or one of formal convenience). The court should consider
whether, in the entirety of the circumstances, it is readily presumed that the
transferor or contributor intended to make a gift to the recipient and, if so,
whether the evidence is sufficient to rebut the presumption, given the
appropriate strength of the presumption in that case. [emphasis in original in
italics; emphasis added in bold]

20 As for the evidence that can be used to rebut the presumption of
advancement, the Singapore Court of Appeal has approved the “new approach”
which allows parties’ subsequent conduct to be admitted as evidence, and for
the court to assess the weight to be given to that evidence: Tan Yok Koon v
Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 at [108]–[110].

21 The issue for determination in this case, therefore, is solely whether,
considering all the evidence and circumstances of the case, the presumption of
advancement has been rebutted. As the authorities show, however, this is a
fact-sensitive inquiry which will require a close analysis of the facts. It is
to that analysis that I now turn.

Analysis

Preliminary issue

22 Before turning to the evidence, I deal briefly with the Defendant’s various
objections to parts of the Plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”)
detailed in his Notice of Objections to Contents of Plaintiff’s AEIC, which
were summarised in these three categories: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DCS at para 4.

(a) objections based on the principle that evidence of facts that are not in
issue should not be given: Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 8–30, 38–40 and 49–51;

(b) objections based on the rule against hearsay evidence and the need to
comply with s 32(4) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence
Act”): Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 47, 55, 63 and 64; and

(c) objections based on the inadmissibility of opinion evidence: paras 56–60,
62, and 63.

23 In relation to the first set of objections, I approach this simply by
dealing with what is relevant in the analysis below. In relation to the second
set of objections, the Defendant concedes that the requirements of s 32(4)(b)
of the Evidence Act have been met by the Notice to Admit Non-Documentary
Hearsay Evidence dated 5 March 2020, and s 34(1)(j) of the Evidence Act
applies because the Testator has passed away. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DCS at paras 6–7.

However, the Defendant rightly pointed out that the Notice to Admit did not
refer to the statement described in para 64 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC. As such,
the notice requirement was not satisfied. In any event, given that I am not
minded to accept the assertion contained in para 64 of the Plaintiff’s AEIC
that the Testator had told the Plaintiff that he intended to bequeath the
whole of the Property to his wife and the three sons (see [84] below), I do
not discuss the consequences of this any further. In relation to the third set
of objections, I bore in mind the rule against the admissibility of opinion
evidence and treated the Plaintiff’s evidence accordingly, but since none of
these statements were particularly significant and it is ultimately the
court’s role to decide on the inferences to be drawn from and the implications
of the evidence, this was not a significant issue in the present case.

Strength of the presumption of advancement

24 I begin by addressing the strength of the presumption of advancement in
this case. The Plaintiff has raised a number of general arguments that the
Defendant failed to discharge the burden of proof to show the strength of the
presumption. I deal first with that argument, before turning to the specific
factors identified in this case.

The burden of proving the strength of the presumption

25 The Plaintiff argued that the nature and state of the relationship between
the Testator and the Defendant were matters within the latter’s knowledge, and
that s 108 of the Evidence Act provides that the burden of proving these facts
is on the Defendant. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at para 27.

The Defendant responded by arguing that (a) the nature and state of the
relationship was also within the Plaintiff’s knowledge; and (b) the Plaintiff
had failed to put these factors in issue in his pleadings, the lead counsel’s
statement or his opening statement. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DRS at para 14.

26 In my judgment, s 108 of the Evidence Act does not apply in this case in
the manner argued for by the Plaintiff. As the Court of Appeal made clear in
Phosagro Asia Pte Ltd v Piattchanine, Iouri [2016] 5 SLR 1052 at [68]:

… Section 108 is a provision which should only be invoked in ‘very limited
circumstances’ since ‘[w]idely construed and lifted out of its context, it
will reverse the burden of proof of the essential ingredients of the
[claimant’s] case which by section 108 [of the Evidence Act] is cast on the
[claimant]’ (see Chen Siyuan and Lionel Leo, The Law of Evidence in Singapore
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2016) (“The Law of Evidence in Singapore”) at paras
3.055−3.056, citing (at para 3.055) Tan Yock Lin, “The Incomprehensible Burden
of Proof” [1994] SJLS 29 at 38). Section 103 of the Evidence Act provides that
the party who desires any court to give judgment as to any legal right or
liability which is dependent on the existence of facts which he asserts has
the burden of proving the existence of the asserted facts. Put simply, Section
108 is the exception to the rule and may be successfully invoked ‘only in very
extreme scenarios’ (see The Law of Evidence in Singapore at para 3.064). …

27 The same logic applies in the present context. As already discussed above
at [18], the starting point for the traditional categories of relationship in
which the presumption of resulting trust arises is that the presumption is to
be given full force unless the intention to make a gift is not readily
inferable: Lau Siew Kim ([14] supra) at [77]. If the nature and state of the
relationship between transferor and transferee is always a matter “especially
within the knowledge” of the transferee such that s 108 of the Evidence Act
applies, that would significantly reduce the practical utility of the
presumption from the outset. Hence, the Plaintiff’s assertion that the nature
and state of a relationship is especially within the Defendant’s knowledge is
too broad, as a matter of principle. In any event, as a matter of fact, I do
not agree with the Plaintiff that the facts would be especially within the
Defendant’s knowledge. The nature and state of a father-son relationship can
be assessed according to objective facts, as the Plaintiff himself attempted
to do in his own arguments. If there were specific facts alleged as part of
this analysis that could be shown to be especially within the Defendant’s
knowledge, it would be more likely that s 108 of the Evidence Act would apply
to those specific facts, but to shift the burden of the entire category of
facts relating to the nature and state of the relationship to the Defendant
would upend the manner in which the presumption of advancement operates and
cannot be the effect of that provision.

Nature of the relationship

28 The relationship in this case is that between a father and a son. This is
one of the traditional categories where a strong presumption of advancement
applies: Lau Siew Kim at [62], citing In re Roberts, deceased [1946] Ch 1 at
5.

29 The Plaintiff pointed to a number of factors which he argued reduced the
strength of the presumption in this case. While a father would generally have
an obligation to maintain a son, this was not a case where the Defendant was
dependent on the Testator as the Defendant was working both for the Testator
and outside the family as well. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at para 28.

Further, the Defendant is only one of three sons, and one of six children. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 7.

The Plaintiff also referred to the Will executed by the Testator which gave
each of the three sons equal shares in the Testator’s asset, as well as the
Testator’s poor health at the time the half-share in the Property was
purchased in 1984. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at paras 29–30.

In addition, the Defendant was the Testator’s only child in Singapore at the
material time, meaning that it was simply the most convenient to use the
Defendant’s name for the purchase for the Testator’s purposes. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PCS at para 31.

30 I find that the factors raised by the Plaintiff were ambivalent in this
case. First, in terms of the Defendant’s dependence on the Testator, while the
Defendant did work for persons other than the Testator, his work for the
Testator was not remunerated on a formal basis. Rather, he was paid in
irregular periods of time, ranging from once every one to two weeks. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 63, ln 7–10.

It appears that he relied significantly on the Testator in this regard. I
would not go so far as to say that this establishes that the relationship was
one of ongoing dependence, but this does undermine the Plaintiff’s claim that
this weakens the presumption.

31 Second, although the Defendant was one of three sons and one of six
children, the Defendant also had a unique position, as the Plaintiff himself
accepted, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 47, ln 29–31.

of being the only child who was living in Singapore with the Testator. The
mere fact, therefore, that there were other children does not suggest that the
nature of the relationship points to a weaker presumption. It could equally be
said that the Defendant, being the only son in Singapore, was treated
differently by the Testator. Further, in 1984, the Testator was 66 years of
age, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 61, ln 24–26.

and the Defendant was someone that he could rely on, as the Testator had
already done so in relation to his business. Considering all the circumstances
in this case (Lau Siew Kim ([14] supra) at [68]), I am unable to conclude from
this fact that the Defendant was one of many children weakened the presumption
of advancement. As for the Plaintiff’s argument concerning the Testator’s
purpose behind registering the half-share in the Defendant’s name, I will
address that below in considering whether the presumption of advancement has
been rebutted.

32 Third, on a related point, the Plaintiff pointed to the Testator’s Will,
the relevant parts of which read as follows: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at pp 19–20; ABD at pp 82–83.

…

2\. I give devise and bequeath all my property of whatsoever nature which is
situated within the Republic of Singapore unto my Trustees upon trust to sell
call-in and convert the same into money with power and absolute discretion for
my Trustees to postpone such sale calling-in and conversion thereof for such
period as my Trustees shall in their absolute discretion think fit without
being liable for loss.

3\. My Trustees shall hold the nett proceeds of such sale calling-in and
conversion and my ready money upon the following trusts: -

(a) Upon trust to pay thereout all my just debts funeral and testamentary
expenses and

(b) Upon trust to distribute the residue thereof for my wife and sons in the
manner following:-

(i) as to one half (1/2) share thereof to my wife, the said Chandrawati
absolutely and

(ii) as to the remaining one half (1/2) share thereof to my sons, the said
Harisankar Singh, the said Ranjeet Singh and Daya Shanker Singh who is at
present somewhere in Canada in equal shares absolutely. …

…

The remainder of cl 3(b)(ii) provided that if Mr Daya could not be located
within a year from the date of death, half of his share would go to the
Testator’s wife, and the remaining half would be shared equally by the two
remaining brothers. The Plaintiff argued that the Will evidenced an intention
that all of the brothers would be treated equally. This meant that the
Defendant’s relationship with the Testator was to be on equal footing with the
other two sons’ relationship with the Testator, weakening the presumption of
advancement.

33 In my judgment, the Testator’s Will is not as probative of the Testator’s
intention as the Plaintiff suggests. The Will was signed on 27 February 1982,
two years before the registration of the half-share in the Property in the
Defendant’s name. It is true that there was no need for the Will to be updated
to reflect that purchase, given that the half-share would, if held on
resulting trust for the Testator, be treated as part of his property under cl
2 of the Will. However, it is equally true that because the purchase of the
half-share occurred after the Will was signed, it is not clear from the Will
itself that the Testator did not simply decide to provide for him apart from
the Will. In that respect, given the Defendant’s unique position as the
Testator’s only son in Singapore, I am unable to give much weight to the Will
in determining the strength of the presumption of advancement.

34 Therefore, I am of the view that the presumption of advancement has not
been weakened by any of the facts relating to the nature of the relationship
between the Testator and the Defendant.

State of the relationship

35 I turn to the state of the relationship at the time of the purchase of the
half-share from Mr Jiwan. The Plaintiff argued that the Defendant’s
relationship with the Testator was not good. He based this on his evidence
that, after the Defendant had moved out of the family home at 141 Syed Alwi
Road, he encountered difficulties and, in the words of the Plaintiff: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 23.

… approached the Testator’s relative, Bachoo Singh, seeking assistance to be
allowed to return to live with my parents. Upon the persuasion of Bachoo Singh
and of my mother, the Testator relented and allowed [the Defendant] and his
family to return to live with my parents.

36 The Plaintiff was not cross-examined on this part of his evidence. In
response, the Defendant argued that the state of the relationship was never
put in issue in the pleadings or in the Plaintiff’s AEIC. In any event, the
Will showed that his relationship with the Testator was at least as good as
the latter’s relationship with the other two sons, the Testator was still
willing to work with the Defendant and to purchase the half-share of the
Property without documenting the beneficial interest, and even if the
Plaintiff’s account were true, those were events in 1982 and were not relevant
to the purchase of the half-share in 1984. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DRS at para 19; NE 29 July 2020 at p 31, ln 20–21.

37 While I accept that the issue of the state of the relationship was never
explicitly raised by the Plaintiff, given that this issue is part of the
court’s overall analysis of the strength of the presumption, I consider it
appropriate to analyse whether the Plaintiff is able to show, on the evidence,
that the state of the relationship has weakened the presumption. In the round,
I find that there is insufficient evidence to show that the relationship
between the Testator and the Defendant was in such a state as to weaken the
presumption of advancement. I agree with the Defendant that the other
circumstantial evidence indicated that the relationship was not bad, even if
there was no specific evidence that the relationship was particularly good –
the Testator was willing to work with the Defendant, and after the purchase of
the half-share in the Property, the Defendant and his family continued to stay
with the Testator. In this regard, however, I do not give much weight to the
Will, as the Will also made substantial provisions for one of the sons whose
whereabouts the Testator did not know – mere inclusion in the Will did not
necessarily indicate a good relationship in these circumstances.

38 I also give little weight to the Plaintiff’s account of the alleged dispute
in 1982. First, this account was not put to the Defendant in cross-
examination. In my view, this was something that ought, in fairness, to have
been put to the Defendant for him to give a response or explanation: Browne v
Dunn (1893) 6 R 67; Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR
141 at [48]. Second, even if I were to consider the account, and even if it
were true, I agree with the Defendant that things could have changed in the
two years leading up to the purchase of the half-share in the Property. Third,
in any event, the exact nature of the dispute in 1982 was not clear. Although
the Defendant had to go through a relative to ask to return to live at 141
Syed Alwi Road, there was no evidence as to why the Testator did not want him
to come back at first, why he ultimately relented, and whether that had any
broader effect on their relationship as father and son.

39 Based on this analysis of the nature and state of the relationship between
the Testator and the Defendant, I conclude that the Plaintiff has not shown
that the presumption of advancement has been weakened. I do not find that the
putative intention to make a gift is “not readily inferable” (Lau Siew Kim
([14] supra) at [77]) from the circumstances of the case. It follows that the
strength of the evidence needed to rebut the presumption of advancement is not
reduced.

Has the presumption of advancement been rebutted?

40 I turn to consider whether the presumption of advancement has been
rebutted. The question is whether there is evidence to show that the Testator
did not intend to make a gift of the half-share of the Property to the
Defendant by funding the purchase of that half-share.

Circumstances of the purchase and conveyance

41 I begin with the circumstances of the purchase and the conveyance. The
Plaintiff highlighted the following circumstances, which were conceded as
matters of fact by the Defendant: (a) it was the Testator’s idea to purchase
the half-share of the Property; 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 57, ln 25–32.

(b) the Testator negotiated the terms of the sale and purchase and the
Defendant only signed the agreement; 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 59, ln 4–10.

(c) the Testator appointed solicitors to act in the purchase of the half-
share; 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 60, ln 7–32.

and (d) the Defendant granted the Power of Attorney contemporaneously with the
purchase of the half-share. I deal with the Power of Attorney separately
below. In my view, all these circumstances were ambivalent.

42 First, the fact that it was the Testator’s idea to purchase the half-share
was equally consistent with the Testator intending to retain the beneficial
interest and with him intending to make a gift of the half-share to the
Defendant. Second, similarly, that the Testator negotiated the terms of the
sale and purchase could be used to support either intention. Third, that the
Testator appointed the solicitors for the purchase of the half-share is also
consistent with the intention to make a gift of the half-share, since it would
follow that if the Testator intended to give that half-share to the Defendant,
he would also make the necessary arrangements to effect that transfer. Hence,
there is nothing in how the purchase and conveyance were effected that would
serve to rebut the presumption of advancement.

The Testator’s alleged reason for using the Defendant’s name

43 One of the Plaintiff’s primary arguments centred on what the Testator had
allegedly told him about his reason for registering the half-share in the
Property in the Defendant’s name. The Plaintiff deposed as follows: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 47.

… The Testator told me that he had used [the Defendant’s] name to register his
purchase of [Mr] Jiwan’s one-half share so as to facilitate him in securing
loans from financial institutions (since [the Defendant] was younger in age
and based in Singapore) in order to re-develop the Property eventually.

44 The Defendant maintained in cross-examination that the Testator never told
him about that intention. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 62, ln 7–11.

Further, he testified that the Testator did not “have the habit of developing
properties”, and therefore, what the Plaintiff deposed was not true. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 94, ln 6–14.

He also argued in submissions that the Plaintiff’s evidence was not to be
believed, and that the clarity of his recollection on this point was in stark
contrast to his inability to remember other important facts. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DCS at paras 17–19.

Further, the fact was that the Testator never did take out a loan secured on
the Property, nor did he redevelop the Property. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DCS at para 20; NE 2 April 2020 at p 18, ln 15–21.

45 The Plaintiff sought to buttress his case by pointing out that by 1984 and
in the years after that, the Testator disposed of all his other properties,
leaving only the Property. This, it was suggested, showed that he intended to
redevelop the Property. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 95, ln 2–3.

Further, the Plaintiff also suggested that the reason why no redevelopment was
actually done was the Testator’s poor health. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 94, ln 1–3.

46 I find on the balance of probabilities that the Testator did not make any
such communication of his purpose to the Plaintiff. This is a case where the
only evidence of the Testator’s purported plan came from the Plaintiff, with
no objective or documentary evidence to support the claim. In fact, the
circumstances of the case point the other way, since no loan was ever taken
and no redevelopment appears to have been attempted. There was also the
Defendant’s evidence that the Testator had never redeveloped any other
properties. This evidence has remained unchallenged, suggesting that the
Testator’s intention to do so could not be assumed simply from his past
conduct but had to be proved. The Plaintiff’s attempts to get around these
problems by pointing to the sale of the other properties and the Testator’s
poor health were purely speculative.

47 Furthermore, as a matter going to the Plaintiff’s credibility and the
veracity of his assertion, it is of note that although the Testator allegedly
told the Plaintiff about this prior to his death in 1989, the first mention of
a resulting trust in the correspondence between the Plaintiff’s and
Defendant’s solicitors was in 2005. This despite the fact that he had received
a list of assets of the Estate in 1998 and understood this list. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 39, ln 9–15.

This list of assets appears to have been prepared for the purposes of
assessing the estate duty payable, and was adopted by the Defendant as the
list of assets of the Estate. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at p 43.

It stated that the Testator had a “1/2 share” in the Property. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at p 22; ABD at p 144.

Yet, the correspondence in 1998 between the Plaintiff’s and Defendant’s
solicitors does not show any discussion on that “1/2 share”, let alone any
assertion of a resulting trust. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ABD at pp 89–139.

As the Plaintiff conceded, he did not instruct his lawyers in 1998 to write
anything concerning the half-share in the Property. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 40, ln 1–10.

His explanation was that he was “waiting for [the Defendant] to settle it”,
and if the Defendant claimed ownership of the half-share, then he would
dispute the claim.

48 With respect, I find this difficult to accept. First, given that the list
of assets already identified only a half-share in the Property as the
Testator’s asset, the starting position was that the Defendant was claiming to
hold the other half-share for himself. It did not accord with reality for the
Plaintiff to claim that he was waiting for the Defendant to make his move,
since the Defendant was already asserting that the Estate only had an interest
in the half-share in the Testator’s name. Indeed, the Plaintiff testified that
he already knew that “it was wrong” in 1998. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 39, ln 28.

It would have been straightforward for the Plaintiff to have asserted that the
entry concerning the Property was incorrect once he received the list in 1998.
Yet, he did not do so. Second, even if the Plaintiff had incorrectly assessed
the situation, it is remarkable that he then took seven years to raise the
issue again. There was no real explanation for this very significant gap in
time. Third, even after that, when a letter was sent on 10 January 2005
claiming that the list of assets was incorrect as the other half-share was
held as a trustee and the Defendant did not respond, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at paras 34–35.

the Plaintiff did not follow up until 2016. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 42, ln 19–21.

The Plaintiff’s explanation was that since the Defendant did not dispute what
was written, there was no need to pursue the matter further. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 20, ln 29–32.

I do not find this explanation to be plausible. In the absence of response
from the Defendant, it would follow that he would administer the Estate
according to the list of assets in 1998. Given that situation, the failure to
pursue the matter further cast doubt on the Plaintiff’s belief in his own
claim and the veracity of his assertions. In the absence of any supporting
objective evidence, the failure to raise the issue in 1998 and the lengthy
gaps in time between 1998 and 2005, and 2005 and 2016 all cast doubt on the
Plaintiff’s claim.

49 As I have concluded that I am unable to accept the Plaintiff’s claim that
the Testator had told him that he had registered the half-share in the
Defendant’s name for the purpose of securing a loan and redeveloping the
Property, and since that was the only evidence of this alleged intention, it
follows that I do not accept that this was the Testator’s real purpose in
registering the half-share in the Defendant’s name. Hence, this is not
something that the Plaintiff can rely upon to rebut the presumption of
advancement.

The Power of Attorney

50 The other major plank of the Plaintiff’s case is the Power of Attorney
executed by the Defendant on the same day as the conveyance of the half-share
was signed, ie, 10 July 1984. It is not disputed that the Power of Attorney
was executed by the Defendant nearly contemporaneously with the conveyance.
The question in this case relates to the nature of the Power of Attorney and
its relevance to the dispute in this case. I deal with this in the following
steps: first, I discuss the circumstances surrounding the execution of the
Power of Attorney, second, I consider its scope, and third, I discuss its
relevance for the presumption of advancement.

51 The evidence of the circumstances surrounding the execution of the Power of
Attorney came largely from the Defendant. The Defendant deposed that he had
granted the Power of Attorney to the Testator “as a matter of convenience
because [the Testator] had been handling matters such as the collection of
rental from tenants of the Property even before my half-share was purchased
and it made sense for him to continue doing so”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Harisankar Singh’s AEIC at para 11.

This extended to dealing with the tenants, collecting rent, and handling any
potential sale of the Property. The Testator had discussed this with the
Defendant and the Defendant agreed to grant the Power of Attorney. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 71, ln 12–18.

The same lawyers who assisted with the purchase and conveyance of the half-
share assisted in the drafting and execution of the Power of Attorney. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Harisankar Singh’s AEIC at p 26; ABD at p 67.

52 The Plaintiff first took issue with the Defendant’s claim that he was
continuing the practice that the Testator had of collecting rent for the
Property. He pointed out that the Defendant in cross-examination had asserted
that the Property had been vacant for the few years before 1984, and so
contradicted his claim that the Testator had been collecting rent. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PCS at paras 48–50.

The Defendant clarified in response that he had meant that there were tenants
from before the period of vacancy. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 67, ln 13–16.

While the Plaintiff attempted to characterise this as an “unseemly attempt …
to wriggle out of his material contradiction”, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS at para 50.

there is nothing to suggest that the Defendant’s clarification was false.
Further, it is also the Plaintiff’s case that the Testator did in fact collect
the rent for the Property after the purchase in 1984, suggesting that there is
some truth to the Defendant’s assertion that the Power of Attorney was
executed, in part, to enable the Testator to do so.

53 The Plaintiff then argued that the Defendant’s claim that the Power of
Attorney was executed for convenience was contradicted by the fact that the
Defendant lived under the same roof as the Testator. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at para 52.

I do not think that these are contradictory – convenience is more than just a
question of physical proximity, and it is clear that the scope of the powers
granted under the Power of Attorney, which the Plaintiff emphasised were
broad, gave a great deal of freedom to the Testator to manage the Property.
This would have provided a different kind of convenience. The Defendant’s
assertion that it was just more convenient for the Testator to have the Power
of Attorney is not impeachable on this basis.

54 I turn to the specific scope of the Power of Attorney. The clauses
emphasised by the parties are as follows: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Harisankar Singh’s AEIC at p 38; ABD at p 69.

…

5\. To grant tenancies of the said property or any parts thereof to such
persons at such rents and upon such terms as he shall think fit and to let any
such persons into possession thereof and to accept surrenders of tenancies and
for these purposes as my act and deed to make, sign, seal and deliver all
tenancy agreements and other instruments.

…

7\. To sell and dispose of the said property either by private contract or by
public auction for such price as to him shall seem reasonable, and subject to
such exceptions reservations covenants and conditions, if any, as he shall
think fit.

8\. Upon the receipt of the consideration or purchase money for the same or
any part thereof to give a good receipt therefor which receipt shall exonerate
the person paying such money from seeing to the application thereof or being
responsible for the loss or misapplication thereof.

…

55 The Plaintiff sought to argue that the breadth of the powers suggested that
the Testator intended to retain full control over the Property. It is true
that these are very broad powers, as the Defendant also acknowledged, which
allowed the Testator to set the rent for tenancies and to sell the Property at
“such price as to him shall seem reasonable”. The Defendant’s response was
that these powers were granted to the Testator because the Testator had
experience with such matters and he trusted the Testator to deal with the
Property. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 72, ln 3–19.

This tied in to his explanation for why the Power of Attorney was granted in
the first place. Further, it appears to be consistent with the relationship
between the Testator and the Defendant, in which the Testator managed the
Property just as he did for the other properties in the family, and in which
the Defendant was effectively dependent on the Testator for employment as well
as a place to live. The mere fact, however, that the powers given are broad
does not, in and of itself, mean that the Testator intended to retain the
beneficial interest. I address this further below.

56 Before turning to the significance of the Power of Attorney in this case,
however, there is one point that needs to be clarified. The Plaintiff had
suggested that the effect of cl 8 of the Power of Attorney was that the
Testator would be able to collect the money and “if [the Testator] did not
pass those monies to [the Defendant] … [he] did not have any say.” 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 73, ln 28–31.

I doubt that this is a correct interpretation of cl 8. As counsel for the
Defendant pointed out, cl 8 deals primarily with the position of a third party
who pays money. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 29 July 2020 at p 25, ln 29–30.

It provides that if that third party pays money to the Testator, the Testator
can give “good receipt” and that third party would not have to be concerned
with how the money paid to the Testator is applied thereafter. It says nothing
about the Testator’s responsibilities in relation to money received and would
not exonerate the Testator from misappropriation of such money. Similarly,
none of the other clauses in the Power of Attorney suggest that the Testator
was not responsible to the Defendant for his actions in dealing with the half-
share in the Property.

57 Having considered the circumstances surrounding the Power of Attorney and
the scope of the powers, I now analyse its relevance to the question of
whether the presumption of advancement has been rebutted.

58 In the first place, I agree with the Defendant that the existence of the
Power of Attorney does not serve to rebut the presumption of advancement. The
concepts of control and beneficial ownership, while linked, can be
distinguished. Further, in truth, the very existence of a power of attorney
suggests that the beneficial interest is with the grantor of the power, as it
is the owner of the property that can cede control of the property for certain
purposes under a power of attorney. In most instances, the existence of a
power of attorney would therefore point in support of the presumption of
advancement, unless the circumstances suggest that the power of attorney can
be explained in a manner that otherwise undermines it. Further, the fact is
that the Power of Attorney required the assistance of lawyers. But the same
lawyers could have been instructed to establish an express trust. If that was
not done, since there was legal advice involved, the choice of a Power of
Attorney in contrast to a trust instrument had to be given significant weight.

59 This analysis is supported by the Court of Appeal’s observations in Chan
Yuen Lan ([16] supra). That case concerned a husband, Mr See, and a wife, Mdm
Chan. The property in question was purchased in the wife’s sole name, and was
in large part funded by the husband. The husband’s case was that he had agreed
to put the property in the wife’s name on the condition that she acknowledge
him as the true owner, and a power of attorney was accordingly executed before
the completion of the purchase appointing the husband and their eldest son as
attorneys to manage the property. Similar to the Power of Attorney in the
present case, the power of attorney executed in Chan Yuen Lan provided a power
to sell the property for such consideration as they saw fit and to give
receipts for monies received: Chan Yuen Lan at [17]. The Court of Appeal
observed the following (Chan Yuen Lan at [91]):

On appeal, Mdm Chan challenged Mr See’s account of the events surrounding the
execution of the POA on the basis that the POA could not be considered an
‘appropriate legal document’. She argued that:

(a) The POA was wholly ineffective to show that the designated attorney was
the true beneficial owner of the Property. A declaration of trust should have
been used but was not used.

(b) That a declaration of trust should have been but was not used was even
more glaring given that Mr See had executed a written declaration of trust not
too long before the Purchase …

(c) The only reason why a power of attorney, and not a declaration of trust,
was executed was because Mr See wanted at that time only to retain control
over the Property and not to claim beneficial ownership over it as well. This
could be seen from the fact that [the eldest son] was also named as one of the
attorneys in the POA – there was no reason to do so if Mr See intended to
retain beneficial ownership of the Property himself.

We appreciate the force of these arguments and agree with Mdm Chan that the
POA is ineffective in showing the existence of any agreement between the
parties that Mr See was to be the true beneficial owner of the whole of the
Property.

[emphasis in original]

60 In my view, although there are two distinguishing factors when that case is
compared to the present one, the Court of Appeal’s reasoning is applicable
here as well. The two distinguishing factors are, first, that the Testator was
the sole attorney under the Power of Attorney in the present case, and second,
the allegation in Chan Yuen Lan was that there was an agreement that the wife
would acknowledge the husband as the owner of the property, but there is no
such agreement alleged in this case. However, the Court of Appeal’s
appreciation of the force of the arguments raised in that case did not turn on
those facts. Further, whether or not an agreement is alleged, the central
question remains whether the transferor of the property intended to make a
gift of the property. The distinction between control and beneficial
ownership, and the possibility of using a trust instrument but deciding not
to, are both arguments that apply in the present case. I respectfully agree
with the Court of Appeal that such arguments have force and, just as in Chan
Yuen Lan, the present Power of Attorney is not sufficient to show that the
Testator intended to retain beneficial ownership in the half-share of the
Property.

61 The Court of Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan did go on to find that the absence of
any reason for why the wife would agree to allow the husband to exercise
control over the property was inconsistent with her case that the property was
a gift: at [92]. The Court of Appeal’s reasoning was based on the absence of a
reason for the power of attorney, as well as the absence of any reason why the
husband “who had just begun an affair” would give the property to a woman “who
was his wife in name only”: Chan Yuen Lan at [92]. I do not think that these
same reasoning applies in the present case. I have already found that the
Defendant’s explanation for the Power of Attorney was plausible and consistent
with the other facts, especially the overall relationship between the Testator
and Defendant, and the Testator’s role in relation to the various properties.
In this case, therefore, since the Power of Attorney executed in favour of the
Testator does not evidence the Testator’s intention to retain the beneficial
ownership, I also find that there was ample reason for why the Power of
Attorney was granted and that the grant of the Power of Attorney was
consistent with the evidence of the relationship as it stood in 1984.

62 Beyond the mere fact of the Power of Attorney, the Plaintiff further argued
that where a transferee grants extensive powers to the transferor of the
property in a power of attorney such that the latter retains “absolute
dominion”, it can be concluded that the transferor did not intend to give the
property to the transferee. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS at para 61.

In this case, as described above, the powers granted to the Testator were very
extensive. Therefore, his argument went, this shows that the Testator retained
dominion and was the beneficial owner.

63 To support his argument, the Plaintiff cited the case of Sidmouth v
Sidmouth [1840] 2 Beav 447 (“Sidmouth”), which concerned a purchase of certain
sums in funds by a father in the name of his son. In particular, that case
also involved a power of attorney from the son under which the father received
the dividends of the investments during his life. The dispute was between the
beneficiaries of the son’s estate and those of the father’s estate, and turned
on whether the funds had been advanced to the son or if the father retained
the beneficial interest. After setting out the presumption of advancement,
Lord Langdale MR considered the question of whether the presumption was
rebutted. Most relevant to the present case is his observation in Sidmouth at
457–458:

[S]upposing that the demand of the powers of attorney afforded evidence of
[the father’s] intention at the times of the several transfers, I am of
opinion that it cannot thence be deduced that [the father], at the same times,
intended his son to be a mere trustee for him. Consider the situation in which
they stood – the son unmarried, living in the house of his father, and wholly
maintained by him, having future expectations from another source, but not
present maintenance except from his father, and having very great future
expectations from his father’s large property; and then consider what the
father could mean by transferring sums of stock into the name of his son, with
an intention to receive the dividends himself. It is clear that he meant to
continue to maintain his son; it is probable that if he had meant only a
contingent provision in the event of the son surviving him, he would have made
a transfer into the joint names of himself and his son, for this would have
given the absolute power over stock to the survivor; if he had intended,
notwithstanding the transfer to the son, to retain the absolute dominion in
himself, it is probable he would have taken care to extend the power so as to
enable himself to sell and transfer; but it is scarcely to be conceived why he
should make any transfer at all if he intended the son to have neither any
present interest in the stock, nor any power over it, nor any future benefit
of any kind from it. [emphasis added]

64 To put this reasoning in terms of the analysis in Lau Siew Kim ([14]
supra), there were many factors that showed that the presumption of
advancement applied strongly in that case, and there was insufficient evidence
to rebut the presumption of advancement. Specifically, in terms of the power
of attorney, the Plaintiff cited the dictum emphasised in the quote above to
suggest that if a power of attorney provides for the power to sell and
transfer, that would be evidence of an intention to retain absolute dominion
and would be sufficient to rebut the presumption of advancement.

65 Before analysing the significance of Sidmouth, it is worth setting out how
Sidmouth was applied by the Court of Appeal in Low Gim Siah ([18] supra). In
Low Gim Siah, a father (“LKT”) had six joint accounts with his youngest son
(“LGB”). At first instance, the High Court held that the money in the joint
accounts vested beneficially in LGB upon LKT’s death, given that he was the
surviving joint account holder: Low Gim Siah at [1]. The money in the accounts
was provided by LKT, and the presumption of resulting trust arose. As LGB was
LKT’s son, the presumption of advancement applied and the question was whether
the presumption was rebutted. The Court of Appeal held that the presumption of
advancement was rebutted (Low Gim Siah at [51]):

… We have earlier cited the statement of Lord Eldon in Murless v Franklin (see
[27] above) that ‘[p]ossession taken by the father at the time would amount to
such evidence’ sufficient to rebut the presumption of advancement even in
cases where the father has purchased property in the name of the child, but
has retained control over it. We have also referred to the statement of Lord
Langdale MR in Sidmouth v Sidmouth (see [30] above) that ‘if [the father] had
intended, notwithstanding the transfer to the son, to retain the absolute
dominion in himself, it is probable he would have taken care to extend the
power so as to enable himself to sell and transfer’. This was precisely what
LKT did in the case of Account 6, and later Accounts 2 to 5. He retained
absolute dominion, as a fact, of Account 6 in himself. LGB was not given the
opportunity to operate the account. LKT kept all the accrued interest and
retained the power to close and/or deal with Account 6 as he wished, and this
was demonstrated by his opening another four joint accounts with money from
Account 6. Even then, he could have closed all the accounts and retaken
possession of the money in these accounts without the knowledge of LGB. The
same conditions were applicable to Account 1. The present case stands in stark
contrast to cases where property, such as stocks or shares or real estate, are
purchased in the name of the son or jointly with the son, thereby vesting the
title in the son immediately and requiring the consent of the son if the
father wishes to regain title over the property. Here, LKT had full and
complete dominion over the money in the six joint accounts throughout his
life. In our view, this fact is sufficient to rebut the presumption that LKT
intended for LGB to have the money in the joint accounts upon his death.
[emphasis added]

66 In my view, these cases do not support the Plaintiff’s argument that the
presumption of advancement is rebutted in the present case. First, I note that
the statement relied upon by the Plaintiff in Sidmouth is not as conclusive as
the Plaintiff made it out to be. Lord Langdale MR was concerned with
distinguishing the power of attorney present in that case with other means of
arranging the relative entitlements and powers of the father and the son, in
order to show that the mere fact that the father had control over the
dividends did not mean that the father also had the beneficial interest in the
funds. In other words, a case where the father had obtained the power to sell
and transfer from a power of attorney from the son would certainly give rise
to a stronger case, but that is not the same as a finding that such a grant of
powers would inevitably and necessarily lead to the conclusion that the
presumption of advancement would be rebutted. As that was not the situation
before the court, it was merely an observation and obiter dicta.

67 Second, Lord Langdale MR did not make mention of the distinction between
control granted by an owner and retention of the beneficial interest. Neither
did he consider that the execution of a power of attorney by the transferee of
property was, at least prima facie, inconsistent with the existence of a trust
since it assumes ownership to belong to the transferee, and represents a
conscious choice of a power of attorney as opposed to an express trust
instrument suggesting that no trust was intended. It is understandable that he
did not do so because that was not the case before him. In this regard, these
arguments, which found force with the Court of Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan ([16]
supra) at [91] (see [59] above) are, in my view, convincing, and I would
prefer the approach taken in Chan Yuen Lan that even a power of attorney
granting a power to sell or transfer (as it was in Chan Yuen Lan and in the
present case) does not, in and of itself, evidence an intention to retain the
beneficial interest.

68 Third, the Court of Appeal’s application of Sidmouth ([63] supra) in Low
Gim Siah was in a very different situation. The Court of Appeal’s finding that
the presumption of advancement was rebutted in Low Gim Siah turned on the fact
that LKT retained “absolute dominion” in the sense of being able to
unilaterally close the bank accounts and to take possession of the money
without LGB’s consent and knowledge. The power retained by LKT in that case
went far beyond a power of attorney which included the power to sell or
transfer. Indeed, in that case, no power of attorney was needed at all because
of the rights that LKT retained over the money in the bank accounts. It was
expressly stated that such a case stood in “stark contrast” from cases where
property is purchased in the son’s name, as the half-share in the Property was
in this case. Here, the Defendant had legal title to the half-share in the
Property, and the Testator could not deal in that half-share except with the
Defendant’s consent, which, in this case, was expressed in the Power of
Attorney. The Power of Attorney, however, could be revoked. The “absolute
dominion” spoken of in Low Gim Siah was a more extreme case that has no
application here.

69 Hence, I find that neither Low Gim Siah ([18] supra) nor Sidmouth can be
used to establish the broad proposition that a power of attorney including the
power of sale and transfer would amount to absolute dominion, which would
rebut the presumption of advancement. I prefer the approach taken in Chan Yuen
Lan toward the significance of a power of attorney, and find that in this case
the extensive powers granted to the Testator did not serve to rebut the
presumption of advancement.

70 For the reasons above, I find that the existence of the Power of Attorney,
the scope of the powers that it granted, and the circumstances in which it was
executed do not support the Plaintiff’s case that the presumption of
advancement is rebutted. In fact, given that the Defendant has provided a
plausible reason for granting the Power of Attorney, its existence suggests
that the Defendant is the true owner who had given authority to the Testator
to deal with the half-share in the Property.

Title deeds

71 The Plaintiff also relied on the following dictum by Lord Eldon LC in
Murless v Franklin (1818) 1 Swans 13 (“Murless”), speaking of the evidence
required to rebut the presumption of advancement: “Possession taken by the
father at the time would amount to such evidence.” This does not assist the
Plaintiff in relation to the physical possession of the property. In this
case, the Testator and his wife, as well as the Defendant and his family moved
into the Property after the purchase of the half-share in 1984. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 48.

Hence, it is clear that the Testator did not take possession of the Property
on his own, but shared it with the Defendant. This occupation of the Property
is entirely consistent with the Defendant holding the half-share in his name
beneficially.

72 The Plaintiff then highlighted that the Defendant had given evidence that
the Testator kept the title deeds to the Property. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 83, ln 25.

I acknowledge that there are authorities – although not cited to me by parties
– to the effect that the retention of the title deeds can be good evidence of
an intention to retain the beneficial interest in the property: eg, Yeo Kia
Yong and others v Yeo Kia Hock [1998] 2 SLR(R) 602 (“Yeo Kia Yong”) at [102].
The English authorities were summarised as such in Chua Cheow Tien v Chua Geok
Eng and another [1968-1970] SLR(R) 139 (“Chua Cheow Tien”) at [36]–[37]:

36 The fact that the plaintiff held the title deeds is a very significant
factor. In Scawin v Scawin (1841) 1 Y & CCC 65; 62 ER 792 a father bought
shares in the name of his son but retained the share certificate. It was
observed by Knight Bruce VC (at 793):

The father may certainly, even in cases where the doctrine of advancement is
held to take place, receive the title deeds and the dividends; but although
those circumstances may exist in such cases, yet they are circumstances in
favour of the father, especially where the son is adult.

37 In the case of Warren v Gurney [1944] 2 All ER 472 a father bought a house
in the name of his daughter but the title deeds were retained by the father.
Morton LJ said this (at 473):

The second contention put forward by counsel for the appellants was that, on
the admissible evidence, the judge was not justified in coming to the
conclusion that the defendants had rebutted the presumption of advancement. In
my view, there was ample evidence to justify that conclusion of the judge. In
the first place, there is the fact that the father retained the title deeds
from the time of purchase to the time of his death. I think that is a very
significant fact, because title deeds, as it was said in Coke on Littleton,
are ‘sinews of the land.’ One would have expected the father to have handed
them over, either to the plaintiff or her husband, if he had intended the
gift.

73 However, those cases can be distinguished. Those were cases where the party
who had purchased or transferred the property into the name of the transferee,
but retained the title deeds, was either no longer or was never the legal
owner of the property in question: Yeo Kia Yong at [4] (property transferred
to three sons); Chua Cheow Tien at [4] (property transferred to daughter and
son-in-law) ; Scawin v Scawin (1841) 1 Y & CCC 65 at 65 (shares purchased in
son’s name); Warren v Gurney and another [1944] 2 All ER 472 at 473C (house
purchased in daughter’s name). There was no reason for that person to retain
the title deed and that retention was therefore probative evidence of an
intention to retain the beneficial interest. The situation is very different
here, where the father was a tenant in common with the son. The fact that the
Testator had the title deeds was consistent with his legal interest in his
half-share of the Property. Indeed, as counsel for the Plaintiff implicitly
recognised during cross-examination of the Defendant, the title deeds could be
kept by just one of them, and not necessarily both. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 83, ln 20–23.

It is also consistent, in this case, with the fact that the Defendant had
granted the Power of Attorney to the Testator, giving him the power to deal
with his share of the Property. Under this arrangement, having possession of
the title deeds would facilitate any action on the Defendant’s behalf.
Further, in contrast with the cases cited above, here, the Defendant’s
unrebutted evidence was that he could obtain access the title deeds 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 83, ln 29.

and that he had “let” the Testator keep those documents. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 84, ln 7.

Therefore, I find that the fact that the Testator had possession of the title
deeds in this case does not support the Plaintiff’s case that the presumption
of advancement is rebutted.

The Income

74 The Plaintiff claimed that the Testator did not share the Income derived
from the Property with the Defendant, who was rightfully entitled to half of
the income if he were the beneficial owner of his half-share. The Plaintiff
therefore argued that it was clear that the beneficial interest remained with
the Testator. The Defendant responded that the Plaintiff has failed to prove
that the Testator did not share the Income with the Defendant.

75 As a preliminary objection to this issue being raised, the Defendant argued
that this assertion of fact was not stated in the Plaintiff’s pleadings. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 87, ln 8–12.

I find that the Statement of Claim did not include this assertion of fact.
This is a very significant omission given that the question of how the Income
was dealt with formed a large part of the Plaintiff’s case. For completeness,
however, even if I had considered the Plaintiff’s argument, I would not have
accepted it.

76 Here, the issue of the burden of proof arises in a stark manner because the
Defendant claimed to be unable to put forward his income tax statements or any
other supporting documents to show what he had received for the period from
1984 to the Testator’s death in 1989. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 29 July 2020 at p 26, ln 20–26.

The only relevant evidence was therefore the Testator’s own income tax
statements as well as financial statements declared for his business.

77 The Plaintiff argued that this was another fact especially within the
Defendant’s personal knowledge such that s 108 of the Evidence Act would
apply. I disagree. The question of how the Income was handled is an objective
one, and can be evidenced by statements and documents. Even if those documents
are in the possession of the Defendant, it is an issue of discovery for the
Plaintiff to obtain the necessary evidence to mount his case. It cannot be the
case that every time the documents are insufficient, the issue would fall
within s 108 of the Evidence Act. In any event, on a related but separate
note, it appears that the Plaintiff had failed to take out the necessary
applications for discovery of these documents which the Plaintiff now claimed
were relevant to his case. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 86, ln 22–p 87, ln 18.

78 In my judgment, the legal burden of proof lay on the Plaintiff, since it
was his case that the Income was not shared with the Defendant according to
his alleged interest in the half-share of the Property. The Plaintiff did
point to a number of the Testator’s documents in an attempt to invite the
court to make the necessary inferences, but I find that he has not managed to
shift the evidential burden of proof to the Defendant. I explain.

79 The Plaintiff relied on the Testator’s business records. These were
documents prepared to show the trading, profit and loss account for the
various assets. I summarise the information in these business records, as well
as the information derived from the Testator’s tax returns in the following
table:

S/N| Year| Income| Income Declared  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | 1987| $1,060.00 74

##### Foot Note 74

× ABD at p 5.  | N/A  
2\. | 1988| $1,207.00 75

##### Foot Note 75

× ABD at p 7.  | $960.00 76

##### Foot Note 76

× ABD at pp 9–10.  
  
80 The Plaintiff made the point that the income stated on the business records
as licence fees did not make mention of the fact that it was a half-share, and
therefore, it could mean that it was a full share. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 88, ln 1–17.

Certainly, the entry was capable of bearing that meaning, but, equally, it
could also be a half-share, but with no express statement to that effect.
Further, as the Defendant pointed out, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DCS at para 29.

even when the Testator was holding the Property together with Mr Jiwan, the
business records did not record the asset as being a half-share, but only
referred to the Property without indicating the extent of the Testator’s
interest. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ABD at pp 2 and 3.

81 The Plaintiff also compared these records to the tax returns filed by the
Defendant on the Estate’s behalf for 1991 and 1992, where he stated the source
as “Licence Fee from part of 85 Syed Alwi Road S(0820) (0.5 share)”, and the
gross income as $510.00 for 1991 and $550.00 for 1992. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

ABD at p 16 and p 21.

The Plaintiff made two points. First, in contrast to the tax return filed for
the year 1988, here was an express statement that the income was for half of
the Property, meaning that the absence of that statement indicated that it was
the whole of the Income. I do not accept this argument. As the Defendant
rightly pointed out, these were two different tax returns filed by two
different people, and there is nothing to suggest that there was a
standardized way in which the source of income was to be described. As such,
not much weight could be placed on the fact that the Testator’s tax return
omitted to mention that the income was only for half the Property. Second, he
argued that the gross income of $510.00 for half the Property in 1991 and
$550.00 in 1992 showed that the earlier tax return in 1988 of $960.00 (which
the Plaintiff suggested was the net income after expenses were deducted) must
have been for the whole of the Property. This is speculative. There is no
evidence that this was the same licensee (or combination of licensees and
tenants) in 1988, on the one hand, and 1991–1992, on the other. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 29 July 2020 at p 59, ln 5–6.

82 In any event, even if the business records reflected the whole of the
Income rather than half, I accept the Defendant’s point that it is not clear
what happened to the money thereafter. The Defendant testified that he did
receive money from the Testator which was supposedly his share of the Income.
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 85, ln 16–21.

Even if the income recorded in 1987 and 1988 was the full Income, given that
the Testator was given the task of handling the management of the Property, it
is not inconceivable that the Testator would have received the whole of the
Income and then disbursed it accordingly to the Defendant.

83 I do not find that the Plaintiff has discharged his evidential burden of
proof in this case, as the evidence presented was ambivalent and did not lead
to the result that he contended for. Therefore, the absence of documentary
evidence from the Defendant did not mean that the Plaintiff could discharge
his legal burden of proof. I find that it has not been proved that the
Testator did not share the Income with the Defendant, and do not factor this
into my analysis of whether the presumption of advancement has been rebutted.

Other evidence

84 The Plaintiff also deposed that the Testator had told him that he intended
to bequeath the whole of the Property (together with his assets in Singapore)
to the Wife and three sons. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Ranjit Singh’s AEIC at para 64.

This appears to be a different point than that raised in relation to the Will,
since here, the allegation is that there was a specific statement of intent in
relation to the Property. I am unable to accept this evidence. First, as the
Plaintiff himself recognised, this was merely his own assertion which was not
backed up by any other evidence. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 30, ln 3–7.

Second, for the reasons already discussed, the Plaintiff’s conduct in relation
to this matter did not inspire confidence that his assertion of the resulting
trust was true (see [47]–[48] above). Third, the absence of particulars of the
conversation in which this was allegedly communicated cast doubt on the truth
of his assertion. I find that the Plaintiff has failed to prove that the
Testator did in fact tell him that he intended to leave the whole of the
Property to the Wife and three sons.

85 One final piece of evidence was the letter dated 21 July 1984 sent by the
Testator’s solicitors to the Public Utilities Board concerning the Property.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

ABD at p 36.

First, it is worth noting that the solicitors state that they are acting for
the Testator and the Defendant. Second, they identify the Testator and
Defendant as “owners of the [Property] holding the same as tenants in common
in equal shares.” Third, in the same letter, the Testator is stated to be the
attorney of the Defendant under the Power of Attorney. During cross-
examination, when the Defendant pointed to this letter, counsel for the
Plaintiff state that they were not disputing the contents of the letter “on
the face of it”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 2 April 2020 at p 81, ln 12.

Indeed, on the face of it, it appears for all intents and purposes that the
Testator and Defendant were both the owners of the Property. While not
conclusive, I find that this document supports the Defendant’s case.

Conclusion on the presumption of advancement

86 In this case, I find that there are no grounds for diminishing the strength
of the presumption of advancement. While the Defendant is one of three sons
and one of six children, he was in the unique position of being the only son
in Singapore living with and working for the Testator. He was, in that sense,
also reliant on the Testator for his living, as he was not paid a regular
salary but received money from the Testator periodically. There is nothing in
evidence to suggest that the state of their relationship was bad in such a way
that would weaken the presumption of advancement.

87 The evidence in this case is not sufficient to rebut the presumption of
advancement:

(a) The mere fact that the Testator was the one who initiated the purchase of
the half-share, conducted the negotiations, and instructed the solicitors, was
equally consistent with an intention to give the half-share to the Defendant.

(b) I ultimately do not believe the Plaintiff’s claim that the Testator had
told him that he had put the half-share in the Defendant’s name to secure
loans and to redevelop the Property.

(c) As for the Power of Attorney, the circumstances surrounding its execution
and the scope of the powers granted did not support the Plaintiff’s case, and
neither did the authorities cited by the Plaintiff – indeed, in this case, I
find that the Power of Attorney supported the Defendant’s case that he was the
owner of the half-share.

(d) The fact that the Testator was the one who kept the title deeds was not
material in the present case, and the authorities on the relevance of the
possession of title deeds could be easily distinguished.

(e) The Plaintiff has failed to prove that the Testator did not in fact share
the Income derived from the Property with the Defendant in accordance with
their respective interests in the Property.

(f) I do not accept the Plaintiff’s assertion that the Testator had told him
that he intended to bequeath the whole of the Property to his wife and the
three sons. I also find that the letter to the Public Utilities Board in 1984
was evidence that the Defendant was treated by the Testator as a tenant in
common with him in equal shares.

88 I therefore conclude that the presumption of resulting trust has been
displaced by the presumption of advancement, which has not been rebutted.
Therefore, the Defendant holds the half-share in the Property beneficially.

Costs

89 Parties are to file and exchange written submissions on the costs of these
proceedings limited to 6 pages (excluding annexes exhibiting documents and
list of disbursements), within 14 days of this judgment.

Conclusion

90 Having found that the Defendant holds the half-share of the Property
registered in his name beneficially, I dismiss the Plaintiff’s suit.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Ranvir Kumar Singh (UniLegal LLC) for the plaintiff;

Twang Kern Zern and Lam Jianhao Mark (Central Chambers Law Corporation) for
the defendant;

Sara Binte Abdul Aziz (Silvester Legal LLC) (watching brief) for non-party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Nov 2020 (09:17 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

