Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 63

Civil Appeal No 88 of 2019

Between

(1)| SVM International Trading Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Feasto Pte Ltd  
(3)| Mizimegah Pte Ltd  
(4)| Scarlett Merida Xi Wei Yuan  
  
… Appellants

And

| Liew Kum Chong  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 980 of 2016

| Liew Kum Chong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| SVM International Trading Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Feasto Pte Ltd  
(3)| Mizimegah Pte Ltd  
(4)| Scarlett Merida Xi Wei Yuan  
(5)| Pan Jiaying  
  
… Defendants

ex Tempore judgment

[Contract] — [Sham transaction]

[Credit and Security] — [Money and moneylenders] — [Illegal moneylending]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
SVM International Trading Pte Ltd and others

  
v

  
Liew Kum Chong

[2020] SGCA 63

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 88 of 2019  
Tay Yong Kwang JA, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J and Quentin Loh J  
1 July 2020

1 July 2020

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 In the proceedings in the High Court, the respondent sought repayment of the
balance outstanding on three loans, with one loan given to each of the three
appellant companies. The loan amounts were $400,000, $200,000 and $200,000
respectively. Half of each of the three loan amounts had been repaid, leaving
a total of $400,000 still outstanding. The respondent also sued the fourth
appellant and Ms Pan Jiaying (“Pan”) jointly and severally as guarantors for
the said loans. As Pan, a Chinese national, was suspected to have been
detained in China, the respondent did not attempt to effect service of the
writ of summons on her and the action against her was later deemed to have
been discontinued in March 2018, 12 months after the validity of the writ of
summons had expired.

2 The appellants raised the following defences before the High Court:

(a) the loans to the three companies were sham transactions and the true
borrower was Pan;

(b) the guarantee should be set aside on the ground of unconscionability;

(c) the guarantee should be set aside on the ground of non est factum; and

(d) the loans and the guarantee were not enforceable because of the
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed).

3 The High Court found against the appellants on all the above grounds and
gave judgment for $200,000, $100,000 and $100,000 respectively against the
three appellant companies. The High Court also gave judgment against the
fourth appellant for $400,000 on the guarantee and directed that there should
not be double recovery of the total outstanding amount. The High Court awarded
costs against the three appellant companies collectively at $90,000 and costs
against the fourth appellant on an indemnity basis pursuant to the guarantee
at $120,000, with the same direction against double recovery.

4 This appeal is against the High Court’s findings on the defences set out in
paragraphs 2(a) and (d) above, namely, that the loans made by the respondent
to the three appellant companies were not sham transactions and did not
infringe the Moneylenders Act.

5 We do not see why the loans should be regarded as sham transactions simply
because they were made to the three appellant companies although the funds
were ultimately to be used by Pan. Pan and the fourth appellant were the only
shareholders in the first appellant. The fourth appellant owned 100% of the
second appellant and 70% of the third appellant. She was the sole director in
all three appellant companies. Pan and the fourth appellant were business
associates and according to Lee Show Sian (“Lee”), a witness for the
respondent, were “close like sisters”. They were even living together in a
condominium apartment in Singapore at one time. They were also joint and
several guarantors for the three loans. It was the prerogative of the
appellants to decide how the funds from the loans would be deployed and if
they decided that all the funds would be handed over to Pan for her use, that
alone could not raise any issue about the legitimacy of the loans.

6 Moreover, the High Court accepted that there was a legitimate reason for the
loans to be made to the three appellant companies. The respondent wanted
security for the loans and each of the three appellant companies at that time
had one sale agreement for uncompleted properties. They could therefore offer
security in the form of options to purchase the uncompleted properties at
discounted prices.

7 On the Moneylenders Act issue, the High Court decided that there was no need
to make any finding on whether interest was charged by the respondent since
the evidence showed that the respondent lent only to companies and was
therefore an excluded moneylender within the meaning of the Act. There was no
evidence of any other loans made by the respondent to individuals.

8 The respondent and his witnesses have explained how the loan came about,
that Pan was the one who initiated the request for a short term loan for her
business and that fortuitously, the respondent had just sold his house at
Mount Sinai and therefore had available funds. Pan was a good friend of Lee
and Lee was a good friend of Tang King Kai (“Tang”) (the lawyer who prepared
the documentation for the loans and another witness for the respondent). In
turn, Tang was a good friend of the respondent. There were therefore personal
relationships and goodwill involved in the respondent agreeing to lend the
money to Pan through the three appellant companies for two to three months
with sufficient security.

9 The High Court did not think that the respondent made the loan gratuitously
and that his motivation was that he wanted to “pay back to society”. The
onerous terms of the options to purchase (in respect of the uncompleted
properties) given by the three appellant companies to the respondent testified
to this. Nevertheless, as the High Court explained, there was no evidence of
some underlying pattern of the respondent giving out loans to individuals and
therefore no reason to suspect that he was actually an unlicensed moneylender.

10 Accordingly, we affirm the High Court’s findings. For completeness, we
mention briefly our views on the issue of unconscionability (which is no
longer in contention on appeal). We do not see any reason why the fourth
appellant should have thought that Tang was the lawyer acting for her and the
three companies. What were the terms of his engagement if so? She is well
educated and had some business experience, although she was only about 31
years old in 2013. Tang also affirmed that at the 26 September 2013 meeting in
his law office during which the loan documentation was completed, he explained
to all present that the respondent was his client and he was representing the
respondent to finalise the details and documentation of the loan. This
evidence was backed up by Lee who was also at that meeting. Pan and the fourth
appellant were offered the opportunity by Tang to bring the loan documents
home to study first and to get independent legal advice if they wished. They
decided that there was no need to do that. There could not therefore be any
issue of unconscionability in the loan documentation.

11 The non est factum defence (which is also no longer in contention on
appeal) may also be dealt with briefly on the same grounds as above. Both Tang
and Lee said that the loan documents were explained by Tang in English and
there is no doubt that the fourth appellant was literate and understood
English. She did not see the need to bring the loan documents back to study or
to seek advice. Instead, she and Pan decided to execute them immediately at
Tang’s office.

12 For the above reasons, we dismiss the appeals. On the question of costs,
the appellants’ costs schedule estimated costs at $60,000 and disbursements at
$6,000. The respondent’s costs schedule estimated costs at $30,000 and
disbursements at $4,975.27. We were told by counsel for the respondent that
the estimated costs are not on an indemnity basis although the High Court
ordered indemnity costs against the fourth appellant on the basis of the
guarantee but directed that there should not be double recovery of costs by
the respondent against the three appellant companies. In the circumstances, we
order costs of this appeal fixed at $35,000 (inclusive of disbursements) to be
paid by all the appellants to the respondent. The usual consequential orders
relating to the security for costs are to apply.

Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge Judge

Ling Daw Hoang Philip and Chua Cheng Yew (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the
appellants;  
Tang Shangwei, Gavin Neo and Jolyn Khoo (WongPartnership LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

