Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 98

Criminal Case No 2 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Punithan a/l Genasan  
---|---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Punithan a/l Genasan

[2020] SGHC 98

High Court — Criminal Case No 2 of 2018  
Chan Seng Onn J

11, 12, 16 – 18 January, 9 – 12 July, 21, 22, 27, 28 November 2018, 14
January, 7, 8 February, 19, 20, 26, 28 November 2019, 2 March 2020

15 May 2020 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The accused person, Punithan a/l Genasan, claimed trial to the following
charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) and s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the Penal Code”):

That you, PUNITHAN A/L GENASAN,

on 28 October 2011, in Singapore, together with one V Shanmugam a/l Veloo and
Mohd Suief bin Ismail, in furtherance of the common intention of you all, did
traffic in a Class A controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185,2008 Rev. Ed.) ("the Act"), to wit, that on 12
October 2011, at the West Coast McDonald's carpark you had introduced the said
V Shanmugam A/L Veloo to one Mohd Suief Bin Ismail to facilitate an impending
drug transaction, and pursuant to this meeting between the three of you, on 28
October 2011, V Shanmugam A/L Veloo, acting under your direction, came into
Singapore driving a motor vehicle JLT8467 and met up with Mohd Suief Bin
Ismail, and V Shanmugam A/L Veloo did have in his possession, with your
knowledge and consent, 10 packets of granular/powdery substance which were
analysed and found to contain not less than 28.50g of diamorphine, which is a
Class A controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Act, for the
purposes of trafficking in the said controlled drug with Mohd Suief Bin
Ismail, and the possession and intended transaction of the said controlled
drug was without authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(l)(a) of
the Act read with section 5(2) of the Act and section 34 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), and the offence is punishable under s 33(1) of the
Act.

2 His trial follows on the back of the convictions of V Shanmugam a/l Veloo
(“Shanmugam”) and Mohd Suief bin Ismail (“Suief”) (collectively, the
“Couriers”). The Prosecution’s case is that the accused was the mastermind who
directed the Couriers to transport and deliver not less than 28.50g of
diamorphine on 28 October 2011. The Defence’s case is a denial of the
accused’s involvement.

3 At the end of the trial, I reserved judgment. Having considered the evidence
led at trial and the submissions of the parties, I find that the Prosecution
has proven the charge against the accused beyond a reasonable doubt and I
convict him accordingly. Here are the reasons for my decision.

Facts

4 I begin with the undisputed facts.

5 On 28 October 2011, the Couriers trafficked in not less 28.50g of
diamorphine in furtherance of their common intention. They were convicted
after a joint trial before Choo Han Teck J on 3 February 2015 (see PP v V
Shanmugam a/l Veloo and another [2015] SGHC 33 (“HC 2014 Trial”). Shanmugam
was sentenced to life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane while Suief was
sentenced to death. Their convictions and respective sentences were upheld by
the Court of Appeal (“CA”) in Mohd Suief bin Ismail v PP [2016] 2 SLR 893.

6 While there is no agreed statement of facts, the following points do not
appear to be in dispute:

(a) The accused was not in Singapore on 28 October 2011. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 2; Agreed Bundle (“AB”)
CH-P104 (ICA records), p 207.

(b) On 28 October 2011, Shanmugam entered Singapore driving a vehicle with
license plate no. JLT 8467 (“Kenari car”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defence Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 111; PCS at para 15.

(c) Shanmugam picked up Suief from a bus stop at Haw Par Villa before driving
to an Esso petrol kiosk. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PCS at para 16; DCS at para 111.

(d) The Couriers proceeded to Block 405 Pandan Gardens. There, Suief alighted
from the Kenari car carrying a black plastic bag (“Black Plastic Bag”)
containing three bundles of diamorphine. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB CH-PS 26, pp 196 – 197.

He placed the Black Plastic Bag amongst some flowerpots on the staircase
landing between the seventh and eighth floor of Block 405 Pandan Gardens
(“Staircase Landing”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DCS at para 112; PCS at paras 17 – 18.

(e) Officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) arrested Suief at his
mother’s flat on the 13th floor of Block 405 Pandan Gardens and Shanmugam in
the Kenari car. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DCS at para 113; PCS at para 18.

(f) Three bundles of diamorphine were found inside the Black Plastic Bag which
was placed amongst the flowerpots at the Staircase Landing. Seven bundles of
diamorphine were found inside a Mizuno Bag (“Mizuno Bag”) in the Kenari car. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DCS at para 113; PCS at para 19.

(g) The ten bundles were found to contain not less than 28.50g of diamorphine
(collectively, “the Controlled Drugs”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB CH-P89 to CH-P98, pp 124 – 143.

7 The accused last entered and left Singapore on 12 October 2011. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB CH-P104 (ICA records), p 207.

8 During the course of investigations, Shanmugam implicated the accused as
being the mastermind behind the drug transaction on 28 October 2011. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Exhibit P159 at paras 14-16.

Investigating Officer Assistant Superintendent Xie Junhao thus applied for a
warrant of arrest for the accused on 25 February 2014. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NEs 11 January 2018 p 55 lines 11 – 19; PCS at para 22.

The accused was arrested in Malaysia on 16 January 2016, extradited to
Singapore on 21 January 2016 and arrested by CNB officers at the Woodlands
Checkpoint. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB, Exhibit CH-P102 pp 203 – 204.

The law

9 The accused faces a charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA and s
34 of the Penal Code. As it is undisputed that the Couriers were the actual
traffickers of the Controlled Drugs on 28 October 2011, I focus on s 34 of the
Penal Code which states as follows:

Each of several persons liable for an act done by all, in like manner as if
done by him alone

34\. When a criminal act is done by several persons, in furtherance of the
common intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the
same manner as if the act were done by him alone.

10 In Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014]
3 SLR 721 (“Ridzuan”), a case involving two individuals jointly charged for
trafficking in diamorphine in furtherance of a common intention, the CA laid
out the relevant principles governing the interplay between s 5(1)(a) of the
MDA and s 34 of the Penal Code.

(a) The purpose of s 34 of the Penal Code is to impute constructive liability
on a secondary offender in relation to an offence arising from a criminal act
committed by the actual doer in furtherance of the common intention shared by
the actual doer and the secondary offender (at [27] citing Daniel Vijay s/o
Katherasan v PP [2010] 4 SLR 1119 (“Daniel Vijay”) at [76]).

(b) To impute liability to a secondary offender under s 34 of the Penal Code,
three elements must be shown, namely: (a) the criminal act; (b) the common
intention; and (c) the participation (at [34]).

(c) The criminal act encompasses the aggregate of all the diverse acts done by
the actual doer and secondary offender which collectively give rise to the
offence that they have been charged with (at [35] citing Daniel Vijay at
[92]). In Ridzuan, the criminal act encompassed the secondary offender’s
arrangements to take delivery of the bundles of drugs from a “jockey” (a term
for a courier) and the actual doer’s collection of the drugs pursuant to those
arrangements from the “jockey”.

(d) The common intention can form before or during the commission of an
offence (at [41] citing Daniel Vijay at [109]). The existence of the common
intention must frequently be inferred from the offenders’ conduct and all
other relevant circumstances (at [42] citing Daniel Vijay at [97]). The common
intention must include the intention to commit the very criminal act done by
the actual doer; only then will the criminal act done by the actual doer be
considered to have been done in furtherance of the common intention of the
actual doer and the secondary offender (at [43] citing Daniel Vijay at [166]).
In Ridzuan, the common intention of both the actual doer and secondary
offender was to collect any number of bundles of heroin handed to them by the
“jockey”.

(e) The element of participation requires that the secondary offender either
participates in the specific criminal act committed by the actual doer or that
he participates in any of the diverse acts which altogether forms the unity of
criminal behaviour resulting in the offence for which they are charged, such
offence being commonly intended by all the offenders (at [36] citing Daniel
Vijay at [163]). In Ridzuan, the element of participation was made out as the
secondary offender arranged for the collection of the bundles and relayed
instructions to the actual doer to collect the bundles.

11 Given that the parties do not dispute that the Couriers have committed the
offence of trafficking in the Controlled Drugs, the Prosecution bears the
burden of proving the following:

(a) A criminal act was committed by the accused and the Couriers. The
aggregate of their diverse acts that resulted in Shanmugam transporting the
Controlled Drugs into Singapore for the purposes of trafficking with Suief
would encompass the accused’s recruitment of Shanmugam and Suief as couriers
and the arrangements made by the accused to transport the Controlled Drugs.

(b) The accused shared a common intention with the Couriers to transport the
Controlled Drugs.

(c) The accused participated in the diverse acts that resulted in Shanmugam’s
possession of the Controlled Drugs for the purpose of trafficking with Suief.

12 Finally, the CA was of the view in Ridzuan that where the elements of s 34
of the Penal Code are satisfied, constructive liability for the criminal act
which constitutes an offence is imputed to the secondary offender (ie, the
accused). There is no need for the elements of that offence to be made out
additionally against the secondary offender (at [29]).

The main issue

13 The sole issue at trial is the accused’s complicity in trafficking the
Controlled Drugs.

14 The Prosecution’s case is that the accused was the mastermind who
introduced the Couriers to each other on 12 October 2011 to facilitate an
impending drug transaction and directed Shanmugam to drive the Kenari car into
Singapore on 28 October 2011 to meet up with Suief. Pursuant to the accused’s
instructions, Shanmugam had the Controlled Drugs in his possession for the
purpose of trafficking them with Suief (“the Drug Transaction”). This was with
the accused’s knowledge and consent. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PCS at para 1.

15 I will state a brief account of the Couriers’ evidence here for context; a
more detailed account will be set out later in the judgment.

(a) One Anuar introduced Suief to the accused in March or April 2011 as Suief
was searching for a job. Suief agreed to work for the accused and started to
assist him by receiving and delivering shipments of diamorphine from Malaysia.

(b) The accused was a regular patron of Shanmugam’s flower shop in Johor,
Malaysia. In August or September 2011, the accused offered Shanmugam a monthly
salary of RM 7,000 to make trips into Singapore with the Kenari car and
deliver the car to the accused’s friends.

(c) On 12 October 2011, the accused introduced Shanmugam to Suief at West
Coast McDonald’s to facilitate an impending drug transaction that would take
place after Deepavali (“the introduction meeting”). The meeting was necessary
as Shanmugam would be replacing the accused’s brother as the person driving
the Kenari car into Singapore with drugs to meet Suief.

(d) On 24 October 2011, the accused forwarded Suief’s mobile phone number to
Shanmugam.

(e) On 27 October 2011, the accused took possession of the Kenari car for a
few hours before returning it to Shanmugam. The accused also called Shanmugam
twice late at night to remind him to meet Suief the next day.

(f) On 28 October 2011, Shanmugam drove the Kenari car to Singapore upon the
accused’s instructions and met Suief at the Haw Par Villa bus stop. Suief was
carrying the virtually empty Mizuno Bag when he entered the Kenari car. Suief
said that Shanmugam told him there were ten bundles of “barang” (ie,
diamorphine) in the car.

(g) The Couriers then went to an Esso petrol kiosk. Suief stepped out to
purchase drinks. Suief claimed that when he returned, he saw that three
bundles of diamorphine were packed into the Black Plastic Bag while the
remaining seven bundles of diamorphine were packed into the Mizuno Bag. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NEs 16 January 2018 p 13 lines 4 – 31.

(h) The accused subsequently called Suief and asked him to deliver three
bundles to one Ali Bell by placing them amongst the flower pots at the
Staircase Landing.

(i) The Couriers proceeded to Block 405 Pandan Gardens and Suief exited the
Kenari car carrying the Black Plastic Bag which contained three bundles of
diamorphine. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NEs 16 January 2018 p 17 lines 26 – 29.

Suief was arrested by CNB officers at his mother’s house on the 13th floor of
Block 405 Pandan Gardens while Shanmugam was arrested in the Kenari car.

16 The Defence’s case is a denial of the accused’s involvement in the Drug
Transaction and the specific events leading up to it.

17 First, the Defence argues that the testimonies of the Couriers should be
rejected as they were “entirely inconsistent, lacked credibility and their
evidence was wholly devoid of any merit whatsoever”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DCS at paras 12.

18 Second, it proffers an alternative explanation of the events from 12
October 2011 to 28 October 2011. In gist: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DCS at paras 6 – 9.

(a) In 2011, the accused worked for a Malaysian registered moneylending
company called “Pinjaman Berlesen Wang” (“the Moneylender”) and entered
Singapore on 11 and 12 October 2011 to collect debt moneys from the
Moneylender’s agents in Singapore.

(b) On 12 October 2011, the accused never went to the West Coast McDonald’s as
he was pre-occupied collecting a debt for the Moneylender and was accompanied
by his friend, one Gobi Krishna a/l Karuppiah (“Gobi”) at all material times.

(c) The accused never had possession of the Kenari car and thus could not have
passed it to Shanmugam at any point or concealed the Controlled Drugs in the
Kenari car.

(d) Specifically, on 27 October 2011, the accused did not pass possession of
the Kenari car containing the Controlled Drugs to Shanmugam in Johor. This was
impossible as the accused was in Kulim, Kedah celebrating Deepavali with his
family.

(e) On 27 October 2011, the accused did not give Shanmugam instructions to
drive the Kenari car containing the Controlled Drugs into Singapore on 28
October 2011.

(f) The accused did not know that the Kenari car contained the Controlled
Drugs. He did not give any instructions to the Couriers to transport or
deliver the Controlled Drugs in the car on 28 October 2011.

19 As seen from the puts by the Defence to Shanmugam 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NEs 12 July 2018 p 41 lines 6 – 10.

and Suief, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NEs 18 January 2018 p 24 lines 1 – 6.

and the submissions made, the Defence’s case is also that the accused “did not
even know [the Couriers]” and thus could not have coordinated the Drug
Transaction. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at para 44.

In connection with this, the Defence points out that the accused had
consistently denied any association with the Couriers. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DRS at para 44; NEs 7 February 2019 p 54 lines 11 – 15, p 56 lines 4 – 8; 8
February 2019 p 50, lines 2 - 6.

My decision

20 I agree with the Prosecution that the accused was the mastermind behind the
Couriers’ illegal trafficking activities on 28 October 2011.

21 Given the arguments advanced before me and the composite events that make
up the accused’s charge, my reasons will be grouped into two sections. I will
deal first with four preliminary points that pertain generally to the
accused’s complicity, namely:

(a) the Couriers’ status as convicted accomplices;

(b) the relationship between Shanmugam, Suief and the accused;

(c) the evidential status of the mobile phone records extracted from
Shanmugam’s phone and SIM card as well as Suief’s two phones (collectively,
the “Phone Records”); and

(d) the source of the Controlled Drugs.

22 I will then examine the credibility of the Couriers’ testimonies in
relation to the specific events as well as the veracity of the alternative
version of events proffered by the Defence, namely on:

(a) 12 October 2011;

(b) 27 October 2011; and

(c) 28 October 2011.

General and preliminary issues

The Couriers’ status as convicted accomplices

23 At the outset, it is important to clarify the implications that flow from
Shanmugam and Suief’s status as convicted accomplices.

24 The Defence rightly points out that accomplice evidence forms a special
category of evidence and ought to be treated with more caution than normal
(Tan Khee Koon v Public Prosecutor [1995] 3 SLR(R) 404 (“Tan Khee Koon”) at
[38]). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DCS at para 16.

This general rule of evidence finds expression in Illustration (b) to s 116 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”):

Court may presume existence of certain fact

116. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely to have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events, human conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts of the particular case.

Illustrations

The court may presume –

…

(b) that an accomplice is unworthy of credit and his evidence needs to be
treated with caution;

25 Per Yong Pung How CJ in Tan Khee Khoon at [38], the rationale for this is
that “an accomplice is an interested party, who would have reasons of his own
to exaggerate the culpability of or implicate the accused, while reducing the
magnitude or importance of his own involvement in the matter”. Further, s 116
of the Evidence Act is couched in terms of a discretion that is to be
exercised by the judge.

26 Having regard to the factual matrix of this case, I decline to exercise my
discretion to presume that the Couriers are unworthy of credit solely on the
basis of their status as accomplices. I find that the above rationale does not
apply. Suief has been sentenced to death and Shanmugam has been sentenced to
life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane for their respective involvement
in the Drug Transaction. Their appeals were dismissed five days after the
accused was extradited to Singapore and the time has passed for them to
attempt to reduce their culpability by implicating the accused.

27 Suief gave clear evidence that he has no motive for falsely implicating the
accused; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 50, lines 26 – 31.

this was unshaken despite vigorous cross-examination by Mr Peter Keith
Fernando, counsel for the Defence (“Mr Fernando”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NEs 18 January 2018 p 25, lines 4 – 8.

Shanmugam, as I will explain later, appears to have done his best to exonerate
the accused.

28 Further, the accomplice testimony in this case is corroborated to some
extent by documentary evidence in the form of the Phone Records and the travel
movement records from the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority of Singapore
(“ICA”). Suief’s testimony is further corroborated by Shanmugam’s evidence in
material aspects.

29 Be that as it may, I remain mindful of the need to be cautious when
examining the evidence of the Couriers given their status as accomplices and
the profound implications of the capital charge facing the accused.

30 A second implication flows from the status of the Couriers as convicted
accomplices, this time focusing on the word “convicted”. In the Couriers’
joint trial, some findings of fact made by the High Court and affirmed by the
CA may be relevant to the present case. Be that as it may, this is a separate
case involving a different accused person who must be judged separately.
Accordingly, apart from the undisputed facts listed at [5] – [7] above, I have
not adopted any other findings of fact from those judgments in coming to my
decision.

The relationship between Shanmugam, Suief and the accused

31 I begin by examining the nature and existence of the relationship between
the accused and the Couriers individually as well as the relationship between
the Couriers themselves.

32 A key tenet of the accused’s defence is that he “did not even know [the
Couriers]” (see above at [19]). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DCS at para 44.

If true, this would mean that the accused could not have recruited the
Shanmugam and Suief to be his drug couriers, introduced Shanmugam to Suief on
12 October 2011, passed the Kenari car to Shanmugam or provided the Couriers
with instructions for the transport and delivery of the Controlled Drugs on 28
October 2011.

33 I find this to be wholly unbelievable. It is patently clear on the facts
that the accused had a relationship with Shanmugam and Suief, and that the
accused was the only shared link between them. The Couriers were able to
provide some personal details about the accused. They also gave detailed and
textured accounts of how they met the accused and their interactions with him.
In contrast, the accused was unable to offer any explanation as to the
Couriers’ accounts apart from a bare denial of his association with them. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NEs 8 February 2019 p 50 line 2 - p 51 line 26.

(1) The relationship between Suief and the accused

34 Suief gave a detailed account of how he met the accused. He testified that
his friend, Anuar, introduced them sometime in March or April 2011 during a
meeting at a Teh Tarik coffee shop in Woodlands (“the Teh Tarik Meeting”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 22 lines 15 – 24, p 22 line 28 – p 23 line 16.

This was done with a view to offering Suief a job as a drug deliveryman. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 59 line 30 – p 60 line 8.

(a) He could recall specific facts about the meeting such as its location, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 22 line 28 – p 23 line 16.

the accused’s mode of transport (ie, a motorcycle) 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 58 line 12 – 13.

and the fact that Anuar had to work that day. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 69 lines 5 -6.

(b) Suief also recalled that Anuar had given him the accused’s number prior to
the meeting at the Teh Tarik coffee shop and that he had saved the accused’s
number as “Boyz”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 60 lines 22 – 31, p 61 lines 2 – 8.

This is corroborated by the mobile phone records from Suief’s two phones which
both show that the same number “+60164978192” (“the Mobile Phone Number”) is
saved under the name “Boyz” and “boyz”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AB, CH-P83 p 67; CH-P84 p 87.

(c) The Defence has highlighted two discrepancies between Suief’s statement
(D1) and his testimony at trial: (1) whether Anuar was present during the Teh
Tarik Meeting; and (2) whether Suief had gotten the accused’s number at the
Teh Tarik meeting or prior to it. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DCS at the table prior to para 48.

These are minor details and I do not think that they detract from the
realistic and detailed nature of Suief’s account.

35 Crucially, Suief’s testimony shows that there was a history of drug dealing
between him and the accused even before Shanmugam was introduced to him on 12
October 2011.

(a) First, Suief testified that he had received four shipments of heroin
(street name for diamorphine) from the accused which included the Drug
Transaction on 28 October 2011. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 25 lines 9 – 11.

Although there is some discrepancy as to the third shipment (see [114(b)] –
[114(d)] below), Suief eventually testified that the first three shipments of
heroin were delivered to him by one Mathan and the last was delivered by
Shanmugam. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 27 lines 17 – 22.

Both drove the Kenari car to deliver the drugs to Suief. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 31 line 26 – p 32 line 3, p 34 lines 15 – 27.

(b) Second, there was an agreed payment structure. Suief would receive
approximately $100 for each completed delivery from Anuar. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 29 lines 12 – 13, p 84 lines 12 – 26.

This would apply regardless of the number of bundles delivered. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 29 lines 23 – 27.

(c) Third, Suief also knew personal details about the accused. He knew that
Mathan is the accused’s brother 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 23 line 26 – p 24 line 7.

and that the accused previously worked in lift maintenance 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 48 lines 2 – 9.

(although he wrongly identified the company).

(d) Finally, the mobile phone record from Suief’s phone, B2-HP2, shows that
Suief had sent a text message “130 53908 4 punithan genasan” to an unknown
number on 9 June 2011, some five months before 28 October 2011. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB CH-P84 p 93.

The name “punithan genasan” in the text message corresponds with the full name
of the accused “Punithan a/l Genasan”. This is further proof that there was
some manner of association between Suief and the accused.

36 In light of the above, I find that there was a relationship between Suief
and the accused.

(2) The relationship between Shanmugam and the accused

37 Shanmugam was similarly able to give a vivid account of his association
with the accused.

38 Shanmugam was able to recount personal details about the accused. He knew
that the accused’s brother is Mathan, that the accused previously worked in
lift maintenance 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 8 line 29 – p 9 line 15.

and that the accused’s mother lives in Kedah. In relation to the last point,
Shanmugam testified that the accused had told him on the eve of the Drug
Transaction that he was “going back to his mother’s place in Kedah”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 48 lines 9 – 13.

The accused confirmed this at trial.

39 Shanmugam was also able to recount how he met the accused. He testified
that they met approximately three to four months prior to 28 October 2011 as
the accused was a regular patron who visited his flower shop twice a week. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 84 lines 9 – 27.

When it was put to him that this was false, Shanmugam was able to give further
details about the accused’s purchases. On more than one occasion, the accused
paid RM 50 for large flower garlands. Shanmugam even knew that the accused
used these for religious worship. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 86 lines 2 – 31.

40 In August or September 2011, the accused asked Shanmugam to work for him
and offered to pay him RM 7,000 monthly. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 89 lines 22-29, p 37 lines 23 – 26.

In return, Shanmugam was to drive the Kenari car into Singapore whenever the
accused asked him to, and pass the car to the accused’s friends. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 91 lines 2 – 9; P154 at paras 2, 4 and 5; P159 at paras 15 –
16.

Shanmugam accepted the offer as it was double what he could earn from his
flower shop business. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 91 lines 7 – 11.

Shanmugam’s testimony in this regard is consistent with his statement given on
30 October 2011, some seven years prior. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

P159 at paras 15 – 16.

41 In light of the above, I find that there was a relationship between
Shanmugam and the accused.

(3) The lack of a relationship between Shanmugam and Suief

42 It is clear that the Couriers did not know each other and that the only
link between them was the accused. Suief stated that the first time he met
Shanmugam was during the introduction meeting on 12 October 2011. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 99 lines 19 -20.

This is corroborated by Shanmugam’s account as follows:

(a) Shanmugam referred to Suief as “Aboy”. He testified that prior to their
joint arrest on 28 October 2011, he did not know Suief’s real name. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 4 line 29 – p 5 line 5.

Shanmugam was clear that that he had only met Suief twice in his entire life;
once during the introduction meeting on 12 October 2011 and again during the
Drug Transaction on 28 October 2011. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 9 lines 21 – 28.

(b) Crucially, Shanmugam testified that he did not have any mutual friends or
acquaintances with Suief apart from the accused. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 31 lines 29 – 31.

While there were no contacts saved in Shanmugam’s mobile phone under the name
“Aboy” or “Suief”, it is telling that four days before the Drug Transaction,
Shanmugam received a text message from the Mobile Phone Number stating “Aboy
98944870”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AB CH-P82, p 52.

The number “98944870” belonged to Suief. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs 11 January 2018 p 27 lines 25 – 27.

(4) My conclusion

43 To conclude this section, I find that the Couriers had both provided
detailed and cogent accounts of their respective relationships with the
accused. In contrast, the accused was unable to explain how the Couriers knew
personal details about him and merely asserted that that he had no connection
to them. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs 8 February 2019 p 50 line 2 – p 51 line 26.

I thus reject the accused’s bare and unsubstantiated assertion and find that
he had a relationship with each of the Couriers. I also find that the Couriers
did not have any relationship with each other prior to the accused’s personal
introduction of Shanmugam to Suief on 12 October 2011, an event that led to
the Couriers’ second meeting with each other 16 days later on 28 October 2011
when both the Couriers were arrested at Pandan Gardens for drug trafficking
activities. During the 16 days between 12 October 2011 and 28 October 2011,
the Couriers never met each other again and thus, they did not have much of a
relationship to speak of, even after the introduction by the accused. It
appears also from the Couriers’ evidence that for these two meetings of the
Couriers on 12 and 28 October 2011, the only mutual link between them was the
accused.

44 I note, in passing, that the accused’s blatant statement that he did not
know the Couriers amounts to a Lucas lie that is capable of corroborating the
accused’s guilt (see Public Prosecutor v Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015]
SGCA 33 at [60] which sets out the requirements for a Lucas lie to amount to a
corroboration of evidence of guilt). The lie was deliberate as it was repeated
in the accused’s statements to the CNB and again at trial. If true, this
statement is capable of completely extricating the accused from the Couriers’
drug trafficking activities and thus relates to a material issue. The
accused’s assertion that he did not know the Couriers has been proven false by
independent evidence (ie, the testimonies of the Couriers and the Phone
Records). Simply put, there was no reason for the accused to fabricate such a
blatant lie except for the realisation of his guilt and a fear of the truth.

The evidential status of the Phone Records

45 A simple perusal of the Phone Records reveals that numerous calls and
messages transpired between the Mobile Phone Number and the Couriers. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB CH-P83, CH-P84 and CH-P85.

(a) The Prosecution submits that the Mobile Phone Number belonged to the
accused and uses the Phone Records to corroborate the Couriers’ testimonies
that they were acting on the accused’s instructions at all material times and
that the accused called Shanmugam on 27 October 2011 with instructions
pertaining to the Drug Transaction the next day. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS at para 24.

(b) On the other hand, the Defence contends that the accused never owned the
Mobile Phone Number and never used it to communicate with the Couriers. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCS at para 7.

46 In this section, I will not deal with the precise ramifications of the
evidence within the Phone Records on the accused’s complicity in the Drug
Transaction. This will be dealt with as part of my analysis of the specific
events of 27 and 28 October 2011. Instead, I focus solely on the logically
prior question of whether the Prosecution is entitled to rely on the Phone
Records as part of its case against the accused.

47 This question arises because, as the Defence astutely points out, the
Prosecution “never referred Punithan to [the Mobile Phone Number] nor any
phone record relating to it or asked any questions regarding it”. The Defence
submits that pursuant to the rule in Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67 (“Browne v
Dunn”), it is not open to the Prosecution to use the Phone Records as
corroborative evidence for the Couriers’ testimonies. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DRS at para 21.

(1) The rule in Browne v Dunn

48 The rule in Browne v Dunn is a flexible rule of practice intended to secure
procedural fairness in litigation. As stated in Harven a/l Segar v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 771 (“Harven”), the rule requires that (at [66] citing
Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141 at [48]):

…

[W]here a submission is going to be made about a witness or the evidence given
by the witness which is of such a nature and of such importance that it ought
fairly to have been put to the witness to give him the opportunity to meet
that submission, to counter it or to explain himself, then if it has not been
so put, the party concerned will not be allowed to make that submission.

49 The rationale behind it is threefold (see Awtar Singh s/o Margar Singh v
Public Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 435 (“Awtar Singh”) at [43] citing Allied
Pastoral Holdings Pty Ltd v Commissioner of Taxation [1983] 1 NSWLR 1 at
[23]):

Firstly, it gives the witness the opportunity to deny the challenge on oath,
to show his mettle under attack (so to speak), although this may often be of
little value. Secondly, and far more significantly, it gives the party calling
the witness the opportunity to call corroborative evidence which in the
absence of such a challenge is unlikely to have been called. Thirdly, it gives
the witness opportunity both to explain or to qualify his own evidence in the
light of the contradiction of which warning has been given and also, if he
can, to explain or to qualify the other evidence upon which the challenge is
to be based.

50 The rule is not necessarily satisfied by a formulaic recitation of a
party’s case to the witness, with an invitation merely to agree or disagree.
Rather, in evaluating any given objection, consideration should be given to
the totality of evidence in the case. The rule does not require every point to
be put to a witness but this would generally be required when the submission
is at the “very heart of the matter” (see Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v
United Overseas Bank Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 at [42] citing Lo Sook Ling Adela
v Au Mei Yin Christina [2002] 1 SLR(R) 326 at [40]). Furthermore, a failure to
do so may mean that the court may consider the unchallenged testimony to be
undisputed by the opposing party and thus accepted (see Ong Pang Siew v Public
Prosecutor [2011] 1 SLR 606 at [81]).

51 In my view, the Prosecution should have referred the accused to the Phone
Records and put it directly to him that he had owned a SIM card with the
Mobile Phone Number and had used it to give instructions to the Couriers for
the Drug Transaction. However, it does not mean that the Prosecution is thus
precluded from relying on the Phone Records as corroborative evidence of the
Couriers’ testimonies that the accused was the only person linking them up and
making the arrangements for the Drug Transaction, and that the accused had
used the Mobile Phone Number to do so. Neither does it mean that I am prepared
to accept the accused’s testimony that he had never owned a SIM card with the
Mobile Phone Number at any time, and therefore he could not possibly have made
any arrangements with the Couriers for the Drug Transaction. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs 7 February 2019 p 20 line 27 – p 22 line 12.

I give two reasons for this.

52 First, the Phone Records and the Mobile Phone Number are only relevant in
so far as they corroborate the Couriers’ testimonies that the accused gave
them instructions about the trafficking arrangements for the Controlled Drugs.
The latter point was extensively put to the accused by DPP Terence Chua (“DPP
Chua”): 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NEs 8 February 2019 p 53 line 15 – p 54 line 26.

Q And then on the night of the 27th, you called Shanmugam to remind him of his
role on the 28th of October. That is to drive the Kenari to Singapore and meet
up with Suief.

A I disagree.

Q And that was when you told him that you were going back to his mother pla---
to your mother’s place in Kedah.

A I disagree.

Q And similarly, you contacted Suief to instruct him what to do.

A I disagree.

Q And pursuant to your instruction, Shanmugam drove the Kenari into Singapore
on the 28th of October with 10 packets of diamorphine hidden inside.

A I disagree.

Q Pursuant to your instruction, Shanmugam met up with Suief in Singapore on
the 28th of October.

A I disagree.

…

Q And I’m putting it to you that Mohd Suief’s account of events as to what
transpired in Singapore - that is in relation to the instructions of where to
bring the drugs to - is the truth.

A I disagree.

…

Q I put it to you that the drugs were in Shanmugam’s possession on the 28th of
October 2011 for the purpose of trafficking with Mohd Suief Bin Ismail, both
of whom were acting under your instructions at all material times.

A I disagree.

In this regard, it cannot be said that the Prosecution completely failed to
challenge the accused’s evidence that he did not own the Mobile Phone Number
(even though it was done in an admittedly tangential fashion).

53 Second, even if the Prosecution had failed to put directly to the accused
that he had in fact owned a SIM card with the Mobile Phone Number and used it
to give instructions to the Couriers for the Drug Transaction, the accused’s
response to the Prosecution’s case (if asked) would have been predictable as
the accused had pre-empted the Prosecution’s questions by testifying that he
owned a different phone number “0194277752”, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 7 February 2019 p 20 line 30.

and had never owned a phone number ending with “92” in the year 2011 (which
covered the period of the Drug Transaction). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 7 February 2019 p 22 lines 5 – 7.

As the Mobile Phone Number, shown as “+60164978192” on the mobile phone
records of both Couriers also ends with a “92”, the accused’s own evidence
clearly is that he never owned the Mobile Phone Number. At trial, the
Prosecution expended considerable time and effort to show that both Shanmugam
and Suief separately associated the Mobile Phone Number solely with the
accused (see below at [57]). The Prosecution’s challenge to the accused that
he owned and used the Mobile Phone Number to contact the Couriers was made
quite clear to him, albeit not directly put to him. I accept, however, that
the ownership of the Mobile Phone Number is nevertheless one part of the
overall evidence led by the Prosecution. It goes towards proving a crucial
factual element – that it was the accused who had made the drug trafficking
arrangements and given instructions for the Drug Transaction. This had been
adequately put to the accused by the Prosecution (see [52] above).

54 In my view, it was patently obvious to the accused what the Prosecution’s
case is, namely that the accused communicated with and gave instructions to
the Couriers for the Drug Transaction via the Mobile Phone Number. Given that
the accused’s defence is a complete denial of any involvement in the Drug
Transaction, “it could not be said that the failure to put the question to the
[accused] resulted in any procedural unfairness to him, in the sense that he
had been deprived of an opportunity to explain his evidence which would amount
to nothing more than another denial” (Awtar Singh ([49] supra) at [44]).

55 In light of the foregoing, I thus find that the Prosecution’s lapse does
not preclude it from submitting firstly that the accused contacted the
Couriers and gave them instructions pertaining to the Drug Transaction, and
secondly that the accused had done so through the Mobile Phone Number.

(2) The owner of the Mobile Phone Number

56 In any event, the totality of the evidence leads me to the irresistible
inference that the accused was the one communicating with the Couriers through
the Mobile Phone Number.

57 Suief gave clear and unequivocal evidence that the Mobile Phone Number
belonged to the accused and was the only number used by him to contact Suief.
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NEs, 12 January 2018 p 36 lines 15 – 23.

In contrast, Shanmugam prevaricated repeatedly when questioned about the
Mobile Phone Number. However, he eventually conceded that as the accused was
the only mutual acquaintance between himself and Suief, logically speaking,
the message sent to Shanmugam from the Mobile Phone Number stating “Aboy
98944870” (ie, Suief’s phone number) 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NEs 11 January 2018 p 27 lines 11 – 15; 9 July 2018 p 6 line 22 – p 7 line 3.

on 24 October 2011 could only have come from the accused. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 32 line 20 – p 34 line 13, p 35 lines 14 – 29; AB CH-P82 p
52.

In connection with this, although Shanmugam’s mobile phone number could not be
conclusively ascertained at trial, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NEs 16 January 2018 p 6 lines 8 – 28; 10 July 2018 p 2 lines 1 – 6.

Shanmugam also testified that he received two phone calls on 27 October 2011
which he believed to be from the accused because “in these two calls [the
accused] called and introduced himself as ‘Punithan’”, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NEs 10 July 2018 p 5 lines 21 – 24.

or “Puni”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NEs 10 July 2018 p 6 lines 28 – 30.

The message and the phone calls were from the Mobile Phone Number. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB pp 46 - 52.

58 The accused’s response to this was a complete denial that he owned the
Mobile Phone Number (see [53] above). While the accused was not arrested with
it, SIM cards are easy to procure and even easier to throw away. Furthermore,
the accused was arrested many years after the Drug Transaction. Under the
circumstances, it was simple for the accused to put forth a plain denial.

59 The crux of the issue is this: if it is clear that the Couriers did not
have a relationship with each other, there must have been a common thread that
pulled them together and coordinated their actions such that Shanmugam could
drive into Singapore on 28 October 2011 and know exactly where and when to
pick up Suief, whom he had met only once before. Having considered the
evidence before me, I am satisfied that this common thread was the accused who
communicated remotely with the Couriers via the Mobile Phone Number and I
believe the Couriers in relation to this aspect of their evidence.

The source of the Controlled Drugs

60 Before moving on to deal with the specific events, it is vital to determine
whether Shanmugam had brought the Controlled Drugs with him into Singapore on
28 October 2011 or whether they had come from Suief when he entered the Kenari
car carrying the Mizuno Bag. The answer to this question has implications for
my analysis of the events on 27 and 28 October 2011.

61 The Prosecution submits that Shanmugam brought the Controlled Drugs into
Singapore on 28 October 2011 and that Suief had entered the Kenari car
carrying the virtually empty Mizuno Bag, which certainly did not contain any
bundles of diamorphine. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PCS at para 15.

62 The Defence’s position on this issue is not clear. It is implicit in its
submissions that the Defence accepts that Shanmugam entered Singapore with the
Controlled Drugs. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCS at para 6 and 35; DRS at para 17(b).

However, Mr Fernando also suggested to Suief that Suief arranged to meet
Shanmugam on 28 October 2011 and entered the Kenari car carrying the
Controlled Drugs in his Mizuno Bag. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NEs 18 January 2018 p 24 lines 11 – 14.

63 I accept the Prosecution’s position. At trial, Suief consistently
maintained that the Mizuno Bag was virtually empty when he entered the Kenari
car at the Haw Par Villa bus stop. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 42 lines 29 – 32, 16 January 2018 p 4 lines 29 – 32.

Suief remembered Shanmugam telling him that there were ten bundles of “barang”
(ie, referring to diamorphine) in the car. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 43 line 7.

While the Defence points out that Suief’s evidence at trial and in his
statement differs as to whether or not Shanmugam said where the Controlled
Drugs were in the Kenari car, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DCS at para 35.

the crucial point is that on both fronts, the Controlled Drugs were already in
the Kenari car before Suief entered. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 42 line 29 – p 43 line 7.

64 Shanmugam could not remember if the Mizuno Bag was empty before Suief
entered the Kenari car. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 75 lines 4 – 13.

He stated that after picking Suief up, he drove to an Esso petrol kiosk.
There, Suief stayed in the car while Shanmugam got out to buy drinks from the
Cheers convenience store. Shanmugam claimed that the Controlled Drugs only
appeared on the passenger seat beside the Mizuno Bag after he returned. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 59 lines 15 – 18, p 61 lines 25 – 28.

When he returned, Suief opened the Mizuno Bag and asked him for help to place
the bundles into it. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 60 lines 3 – 10.

65 Shanmugam’s version set out above is plainly false because CNB officers
observed that Suief was the one who stepped out to buy drinks, not Shanmugam.
Even if it were true, his story still aligns with Suief’s story that the
Controlled Drugs were in the Kenari car from the start. Shanmugam remembered
that Suief was only carrying the Mizuno bag when he entered the car. If
Shanmugam had to put the bundles of diamorphine into the bag at the Esso
petrol kiosk, this would logically mean that the bundles were not originally
in the bag and must have come from somewhere else, ie, the Kenari car.

66 For completeness, I also note that Shanmugam tried to claim that the
bundles were not in the car before he met Suief. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 65 lines 17 – 21.

He knew this because he “checked on the surfaces” on the morning of 28 October
2011 to see if “Punithan had left anything behind”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 67 lines 8 – 10, p 68 lines 11 – 16.

Even assuming this to be true, Shanmugam later conceded that his checks were
not thorough and that he had omitted to check certain areas which could very
well be used to conceal the bundles, eg, inside a large speaker which is
hollow inside. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 74 lines 1 – 9.

67 I thus conclude that the ten bundles containing the Controlled Drugs were
already inside the Kenari car when Shanmugam drove it into Singapore on 28
October 2011.

Specific events and credibility of Shanmugam and Suief

68 It is the Prosecution’s burden to prove the elements of s 34 of the Penal
Code beyond a reasonable doubt. To do so, it must adduce proof of the
accused’s part in the specific events leading up to and including the
trafficking of the Controlled Drugs on 28 October 2011. As the Prosecution’s
case is heavily dependent on the testimony of the Couriers, their credibility
and the weight to be attributed to their evidence in relation to each specific
event thus lie at the heart of this case.

69 A large number of substantive issues arise under this section, not least
because there are three specific events that are crucial to the accused’s
complicity in the drug trafficking transaction.

70 I will structure my analysis to deal first with the general credibility of
Suief and Shanmugam before turning to consider the specific events of 12, 27
and 28 October 2011. In considering each specific event, I will test the
veracity of Shanmugam and Suief’s accounts against each other and against the
objective documentary evidence. I will also weigh it against the Defence’s
alternative explanation (if any).

Credibility

(1) The law on credibility and a note on the HC 2014 Trial

71 I pause at this juncture to make an important point. As part of its case
that the Couriers are unworthy of credit, the Defence refers at length to the
trial transcripts from the HC 2014 Trial. Unsurprisingly, there are numerous
flagrant inconsistencies between their evidence in 2014 and their evidence
before me, especially in relation to Suief.

72 I do not think it right to judge the Couriers’ credibility based on their
evidence in 2014 when they were both fighting to avoid liability in respect of
their own capital charges. This is especially since both of them admitted that
they had not been completely truthful during the HC 2014 Trial. When referred
to his version of events given during the HC 2014 Trial, Suief affirmed the
truth of his current evidence and stated that “my case is a capital case so
I’m afraid of the death penalty. That was the reason I said so.” 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NEs 18 January 2018 p 29 lines 12 – 22.

Shanmugam’s evidence was to a similar effect.

73 I have thus placed no weight on the purported inaccuracies and
inconsistencies that arise out of the Couriers’ testimonies in relation to the
Controlled Drugs during the HC 2014 Trial.

(2) Suief’s credibility

74 Evaluating his evidence as a whole, I find Suief to be a frank and
forthright witness whose evidence suffices on its own to support the
Prosecution’s case. As will be shown later, his evidence withstood vigorous
cross-examination by Mr Fernando and was internally consistent in all material
aspects. It is also corroborated by the Phone Records, the travel movement
records from the ICA (“ICA records”) in relation to both Shanmugam and the
accused and Shanmugam’s testimony (when it could be relied upon). Ignoring the
inconsistencies arising from his evidence during the HC 2014 Trial, the
remaining inconsistencies are minor and do not make a dent in his credibility.
Accordingly, I am not persuaded that the Defence’s attempt to impeach Suief’s
credibility succeeded.

(3) Shanmugam’s credibility and the weight to be placed on his evidence

75 In respect of certain parts of his testimony, Shanmugam was not a credible
witness. In this regard, I agree with the Prosecution that his credibility had
been impeached and allow the application to substitute some parts of
Shanmugam’s testimony with certain sections of his statements, namely his
statements dated 22 January 2016 (“P154”), 30 October 2011 (“P159”) and 28
October 2011 (“P160”). 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NEs 21 November 2018 p 44 line 29 – p 46 line 14 for P154, 14 January 2019 p
36 lines 17 – 24 for P159 and 14 January 2019 p 41 lines 23 – 30 for P160.

76 I will first explain my decision on Shanmugam’s credibility before
proceeding to deal with the weight to be placed on his statements.

77 It was obvious from the very beginning that Shanmugam was an unwilling
witness; he began his examination-in-chief by telling me so. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 2 line 21.

78 It would not be an exaggeration to say that after his examination-in-chief,
Shanmugam’s evidence shifted, twisted and turned at every possible juncture.
While I will leave the detailed facts in his testimony for later, a brief
sketch of how his testimony progressed is useful to explain my decision on his
credibility.

(a) When Shanmugam first took the stand, his evidence largely mirrored Suief’s
evidence in implicating the accused despite his unwillingness to testify.
Shanmugam was generally willing to answer background questions pertaining to
aspects such as his flower shop 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 3 lines 28 – 29.

business and his relationship with Suief. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 31 lines 29 -31.

However, Shanmugam became extremely reticent when DPP Nicholas Wuan (“DPP
Wuan”) asked him about details which pertained specifically to the trafficking
of the Controlled Drugs. Examples of this include: the reason why he had to
pass the Kenari car to Suief, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 28 lines 9 – 10, p 45 lines 8 – 10.

whether the accused owned the Mobile Phone Number 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 32 line 20 – p 34 line 13.

and details about what happened immediately prior to his arrest. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 58 lines 16 – 19.

Crucially, Shanmugam stated unequivocally that everything he said in his
statement was true. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 27 lines 6- 7.

(b) His evidence changed radically during cross-examination. On his third day
of cross-examination, Shanmugam stated that he could not recall anything about
the series of events that led to his own conviction for trafficking. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NEs 11 July 2018 p 47 lines 20 – 22.

In connection with this, he made the following claims:

(i) He could no longer remember anything about 27 and 28 October 2011 because
he was “intoxicated and also stoned with drugs” (“the Intoxication Claim”). 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NEs 12 July 2018 p 35 lines 28 – 31; 11 July 2018 p 41 line 31 – p 42 line 1,
p 56 lines 12 – 23.

(ii) He only sobered up when he woke up in a holding cell. Suief was present
for a short while and took the opportunity to tell Shanmugam to falsely
implicate the accused, instead of Suief. Suief told Shanmugam that
“thereafter, that is your skill”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NEs 12 July 2018 p 21 lines 24 – 28.

Shanmugam claimed that everything in his statement and his evidence in court
was untrue because it was based on a “long story” that Suief told him in the
holding cell. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NEs 21 November 2018 p 22 lines 13 – 27.

Shanmugam claimed that prior to Suief telling him about the accused, he had no
idea that the accused was even involved in the case. He got angry at the
accused because of Suief’s long story and thus started to falsely implicate
him in his long statements to the CNB (“the False Incrimination Claim”). 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NEs 14 January 2019 p 31 line 29 – p 32 line 13.

(c) In re-examination, Shanmugam changed his evidence yet again and started to
lay the blame on an individual named “Raja” (see below at [159]).

79 In my view, both the Intoxication Claim and the False Incrimination Claim
are baseless and devoid of merit. They can be dealt with summarily.

80 I agree with the Prosecution that the Intoxication Claim can rightly be
described as “outlandish”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS at para 44.

As a matter of common sense, if Shanmugam was indeed so “stoned” from
excessive alcohol and drug consumption, it is highly improbable that he would
be capable of driving the Kenari car all the way from Johor to Singapore,
getting past the necessary immigration and customs checks at the border,
driving to a precise pickup location to meet Suief and then arriving at Block
405 Pandan Gardens without incident. Shanmugam was also examined by two
doctors on 28 October 2011, both of whom have testified that he showed no
signs of being intoxicated or high on drugs. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NEs 14 January 2019 p 25 lines 1 – 30.

Suief, who was Shanmugam’s passenger in the car and who was in close proximity
with Shanmugam prior to his arrest on 28 October 2011, testified as to the
same. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NEs 27 November 2018 p 46 line 26 – p 47 line 5.

81 In relation to the False Incrimination Claim, Suief categorically denied
asking Shanmugam to falsely implicate the accused in their trafficking
activities. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NEs 27 November 2018 p 44 lines 1 -4.

In fact, even if Suief wanted to falsely implicate the accused by influencing
Shanmugam, this would have been physically impossible.

(a) Suief refuted Shanmugam’s claim that they were placed in the same cell by
stating that they had no chance to even communicate with each other after
their arrest, much less being left in the same cell. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NEs 27 November 2018 p 44 line 5 – p 46 line 16.

This was corroborated by the Couriers’ escorting officers who both confirmed
that the co-accused persons (as they then were) were not allowed to
communicate with each other after they were arrested. The rationale behind
this was to prevent co-accused persons from collaborating on their statements.
105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NEs 27 November 2018 p 4 lines 9 – 16, p 6 line 32 – p 7 line 1

The lock-up diary also shows that Shanmugam and Suief were placed in holding
cells that were at least three cells apart. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NEs 27 November 2018 p 28 lines 22- 23.

If any of them had attempted to shout across the cells to relay details of the
long story to each other, officers would have taken action immediately to
silence them. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NEs 27 November 2018 p 29 lines 5-7.

(b) Even taking the Defence’s case at its highest and assuming that the
Couriers could sneak in a word or a gesture before the officers stopped them,
the False Implication Claim will still fail. Shanmugam provided a complete
picture of his various interactions with the accused. His account flowed
naturally from one specific event to the next and was replete with vivid
details such as the accused’s purchase of large flower garlands from
Shanmugam’s flower shop – these details, while not strictly relevant to the
drug trafficking charge, show that there is some penumbra of truth despite the
core of deceit that underlies Shanmugam’s later evidence. Crucially, it is
impossible for Shanmugam to have created such a detailed account through a
short interaction with Suief that somehow escaped the attention of their
guards.

(c) In a bid to show that Shanmugam acted upon Suief’s long story, the Defence
called a prison inmate, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DCS at paras 64 and 70.

Tamil Alagan a/l Gunasekaran (“Tamil”) to testify that Shanmugam had passed a
message through one “Thatha” (another inmate) to ask Tamil to falsely
incriminate the accused as being the source of the drugs for Tamil’s own drug
offence. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NEs 20 November 2019 p 120 lines 21 – 23.

Tamil’s evidence can be rejected out of hand because Tamil admitted that he
had no way of knowing whether the message even came from Shanmugam. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NEs 26 November 2019 p 9 line 27 – p 10 line 5.

82 From my brief sketch of the manner in which Shanmugam gave his evidence and
the outlandish claims he raised in the course of it, it is obvious that
Shanmugam was not an entirely credible witness.

83 That said, I do not agree with the Defence that all of his evidence must be
rejected. As will be evident later, Shanmugam’s testimony during his
examination-in-chief is corroborated in material aspects by Suief’s evidence
and other documentary evidence. It was only later during his third day of
cross-examination that he turned hostile.

84 I turn now to the general weight to be given to particular sections of
P154, P159 and P160 as admitted under s 147(3) of the Evidence Act. In
estimating their weight, s 147(6) of the Evidence Act stipulates that regard
must be had to all the circumstances from which any inference can reasonably
be drawn as to the accuracy or otherwise of the statement and, in particular,
to the question whether or not the statement was made contemporaneously with
the occurrence or existence of the facts stated, and to the question whether
or not the maker of the statement had any incentive to conceal or misrepresent
the facts. The following relevant considerations, some overlapping with s
147(6) of the Evidence Act, are laid out in Public Prosecutor v Heah Lian Khin
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 745 at [55]:

(a) the contemporaneity of a statement with the occurrence or existence of the
facts stated;

(b) the possibility of misrepresentation by the maker of the statement;

(c) the explanations for the inconsistencies;

(d) the context of the statement; and

(e) the cogency and coherence of the facts relied upon.

85 I note that P154 was recorded after Shanmugam’s appeal was dismissed,
approximately five years after his arrest. However, P159 and P160 were
recorded almost immediately after Shanmugam’s arrest while he was facing a
capital charge. There was a strong impetus for Shanmugam to misrepresent the
facts in P159 and P160 even though these two statements were made far more
contemporaneously than P154. There are also a number of inconsistencies at
various points in these statements which Shanmugam was not able or unwilling
to explain (especially since he had turned openly hostile by the time DPP Wuan
questioned him about them). I thus only accord some weight to the statements
when the contents therein are capable of being independently verified by
Suief’s testimony or the objective documentary records.

The specific events

(1) 12 October 2011

86 12 October 2011 marks the start of the events leading up to the Drug
Transaction because it was the first time that the Couriers met each other. I
will first look at the veracity and consistency of the accounts given by the
Couriers before analysing the alternative explanation given by the Defence.

(A) The Couriers’ accounts are consistent in all material aspects.

87 The ICA records show that the accused entered Singapore on 12 October 2011
by car at 7.04 am and left at 12.19 pm on the same day. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB CH-P104 p 207; P104A.

Shanmugam entered soon after at 7.24 am and left at 9.36 am on the same day.
112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB CH-P103 p 205.

Shanmugam stated that he met the accused before entering the Johor customs and
took over the Kenari car from the accused to drive it across the Causeway. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NEs 10 July 2018 p 74 lines 8 – 13.

Shanmugam was with his mother and daughter. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 10 line 21.

The accused was accompanied by an unknown Tamil man. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NEs 10 July 2018 p 74 lines 14 – 16.

After entering Singapore, he made his way to Clementi McDonald’s (later
ascertained to be the West Coast McDonald’s). 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NEs 11 July 2018 p 4 lines 2 -8.

By the time he got there, the accused and Suief were both present. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NEs 11 July 2018 p 6 lines 27 – 28.

88 Suief testified that the accused picked him up at the Haw Par Villa bus
stop on 12 October 2011 and drove them both to the West Coast McDonald’s. The
car was not the Kenari car and the accused was alone. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 96 line 12 – p 97 line 8, p 98 lines 15 – 16.

Shanmugam had not yet arrived 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 103 line 7 – 8.

when they got there. The two of them thus waited in the car and ate some food
purchased from the West Coast McDonald’s. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 100 line 31 – p 101 line 6.

89 Shanmugam and Suief gave consistent accounts of the material aspects of the
introduction meeting.

(a) The timing and location of the meeting: Suief said that it occurred “2 to
3 weeks” prior to Deepavali which fell on 26 October 2011, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 38 lines 5 – 9.

Shanmugam said that it was “about 3 weeks before the arrest” which occurred on
28 October 2011. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 9 lines 31 -32.

Both agreed that their meeting took place at the West Coast McDonald’s.

(b) The purpose of the meeting: Suief’s unwavering testimony was that the
accused wished to introduce Shanmugam to him because Shanmugam would be taking
over Mathan’s job of driving the Kenari car to send diamorphine into
Singapore. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NEs 18 January 2018 p 27 line 15.

This is consistent with Suief’s statement which states that “[the accused] and
his men did not want to come into Singapore anymore … Shanmugam would be
helping to send me the heroin”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

D1 at para 6.

(i) In line with his general tendency to deflect any question relating to the
Controlled Drugs, Shanmugam repeatedly maintained that his job was only to
“pass the car” to Suief on the day of the Drug Transaction. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 26 lines 18 – 25, p 28 lines 5 – 6, 21 – 22, p 46 lines 23 –
26; 10 July 2018 p 13 lines 1 – 7.

That said, this evidence has some corroborative effect because Shanmugam does
not deny that the meeting at the West Coast McDonald’s was meant to introduce
him to Suief for reasons pertaining to his job (ie, of “passing” the car to
Suief). 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 28 lines 2 – 7.

(c) How the introduction took place: The Couriers agreed that Shanmugam
arrived later and was driving the Kenari car. The accused did not do much to
introduce them and the Couriers introduced themselves. Suief stated that he
was able to recognise Shanmugam as the accused had pointed at the Kenari car
and told him that Shanmugam had arrived. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 103 lines 16 – 30, p 104 lines 1 – 10.

(i) The Defence submits that Suief was being internally inconsistent 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCS at para 24(c).

as he stated during examination-in-chief that the accused introduced him to
Shanmugam and the Couriers shook hands. However, in cross-examination, Suief
said that the accused did not leave the car and did not introduce the
Couriers.

(ii) I do not agree with the Defence that Suief was being internally
inconsistent. Suief stated during his examination-in-chief that he alighted
from the car but made no mention of the accused leaving the car. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 39 lines 20 – 21, p 40 lines 3 – 13.

Further, during cross-examination, Suief seemed confused as to whether an
introduction in the car (ie, the accused pointing at the Kenari car and
telling Suief that Shanmugam had arrived) counted as an introduction; he
agreed, at first, with Mr Fernando that “Punithan did not get down from the
car and introduce [him] to Shanmugam” and said that the accused merely pointed
his finger at Shanmugam 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 103 lines 20 – 24

. However, when Mr Fernando tried to reconfirm this point, Suief stated that
the accused “introduced in the car”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 104 lines 4 – 8.

(d) Thus, the Couriers’ testimonies are congruent with each other on the three
key aspects above.

90 The Defence seeks to discredit the Couriers’ testimonies in relation to 12
October 2011. It points out a number of inconsistencies. In my view, the
stated inconsistencies are immaterial and do not go to the heart of the
matter. I will list only the most obvious ones.

(a) The number of people at the meeting: Shanmugam testified that there was
another Malay man apart from Suief and the accused, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NEs 10 July 2018 p 111 line 7, 11 July 2018 p 8 lines 8 – 23.

whereas Suief said that Shanmugam’s daughter and mother were in the Kenari car
when Shanmugam arrived. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 38 line 26 – p 39 line 7.

Since none of the above three individuals participated in the introduction
meeting, their presence is irrelevant.

(i) I find that Suief was more likely to be telling the truth. Shanmugam did
actually bring his mother and daughter to Singapore that day, except that he
claimed to have left them at a shopping centre in Woodlands. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 22 lines 8 – 15.

This being the first meeting between Shanmugam and Suief, it is unlikely that
Suief would know that Shanmugam has a daughter, and even less likely that
Suief would be able to specifically pinpoint the exact two family members who
had accompanied Shanmugam into Singapore, unless Suief had seen them in the
Kenari car and was told who they were. Further, Suief does not appear to have
a motive to lie about the presence (or lack thereof) of Shanmugam’s family
members at the West Coast McDonald’s as they did not play a role in the
introduction meeting.

(b) Shanmugam claimed that Suief took his car keys and drove off with the
Kenari car for 45 minutes before returning it. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NEs 11 July 2018 p 10 line 30.

Suief denied that this set of events took place. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 40 lines 3 – 5, p 106 lines 10 – 14.

While this is an obvious divergence between their evidence, this sequence of
events occurred after the introduction meeting, which both Shanmugam and Suief
agreed had taken place. Further, whether the Kenari car was indeed passed to
Suief on this occasion for 45 minutes and the reasons behind this do not
directly concern the present charge. For completeness, I will deal with this
divergence in their evidence about what happened after the introduction
meeting in more detail in a side note at [113] to [115].

(c) Shanmugam claimed that the accused was riding on a motorcycle with an
unknown Tamil man when the accused crossed the causeway. He reconvened with
the accused and the unknown Tamil man at a car park in Woodlands. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 23 lines 22 – 25.

He stated that the accused and the unknown Tamil man headed to the West Coast
McDonald’s on the motorcycle with him following behind in the Kenari car. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 23 line 31 – p 24 line 16.

I reject Shanmugam’s evidence that the accused was on a motorcycle as the ICA
records show that the accused entered Singapore in a car. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

P104A.

Further, even if it is true that the accused was on a motorcycle, Shanmugam
agreed that: (a) he did not see the accused arrive at the West Coast
McDonald’s on a motorcycle as he was late; and (b) that he lost sight of the
accused and the unknown Tamil man during the journey and thus travelled there
alone. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NEs 11 July 2018 p 16 line 32 – p 17 line 11.

91 Barring cases of witness collusion, it is never possible to obtain two
accounts that are 100% identical. This is because of differences in the way
that people perceive, remember and recount events. These differences are
compounded when the particular event in question occurred more than seven to
eight years ago (depending on when the Couriers gave evidence). I thus accept
that Suief’s testimony in relation to the events of 12 October 2011 is
internally consistent on all material respects and is corroborated by aspects
of Shanmugam’s testimony (where reliable) and the ICA records.

(B) The Defence’s alternative explanation for 12 October 2011 does not raise a
reasonable doubt

92 Consistent with the accused’s position that he did not know the Couriers
and did not associate with them, the accused’s defence is that he was not
present at the introduction meeting on 12 October 2011 as he was collecting a
debt for the Moneylender. In support of this, Gobi testified that he was with
the accused at all material times on 12 October 2011 and they had not gone to
the West Coast McDonald’s (henceforth, the “Alibi Defence”).

93 In response to the Prosecution’s questions that he abruptly ended his
regularly monthly trips to Singapore after 12 October 2011 as the Couriers
were caught by the CNB, the accused said that he only entered Singapore to
carry out his debt collection duties from the Moneylender’s agents in 2011. On
11 October 2011, he collected $10,000 for the Moneylender and embezzled $5,000
by gambling it away at Marina Bay Sands Casino. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NEs 7 February 2019 p 19 lines 12 – 19, p 43 lines 16 – 23.

The accused also had to collect $10,000 for the Moneylender on 12 October 2011
and thus entered Singapore again. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NEs 7 February 2019 p 32 lines 24 – 31.

There was thus a shortfall of $5,000 when he handed in the moneys to his
supervisor, Annamalai a/l Krishnan (“Annamalai”) 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NEs 7 February 2019 p 19 lines 12 - 30.

on 12 October 2011. While the accused retained his job, he was no longer given
any debt collection duties in Singapore and thus had no reason to come to
Singapore until he was extradited in 2016 (henceforth, the “Debt Collection
Defence”). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

DCS at para 93.

94 I will deal first with the Alibi Defence.

95 Gobi testified that he was with the accused at all times when the accused
entered Singapore on 12 October 2011 and that the accused never met the
Couriers. The ICA records also show that they both entered and left Singapore
within minutes of each other (although I note that on its own, this does not
mean that Gobi and the accused could not have parted ways once they entered
Singapore and regrouped later on). 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

P104A.

Gobi’s evidence, if credible, would completely extricate the accused from the
events of 12 October 2011. Unfortunately for the accused, it did not.

96 I agree with the Prosecution that Gobi’s memory was “oddly specific”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at para 78.

Gobi could remember 12 October 2011 in great detail even though the trip was
just another journey down to Singapore to carry out his job as a lift
technician and had occurred more than eight years ago. He could recall that he
had parked his car along Serangoon Road and that he had used an escalator (as
opposed to a staircase) to get to Tekka Market’s second floor. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 55 lines 14 – 18.

Astoundingly, he could even provide details concerning the amount of time, in
minutes, that he had spent with the accused at various locations. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 64 lines 10 – 13, p 54 line 13.

As astutely pointed out by the Prosecution, Gobi’s superhuman memory appeared
to fail him when he was asked general questions regarding his interactions
with the accused, eg, when the accused left his lift maintenance company and
how often they met up in 2015. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 60 lines 9 -15, p 67 lines 19 -20.

97 Gobi’s evidence is also unreliable because it is tainted by way of innocent
infection. Gobi admitted that he had discussed his evidence with the accused
before the accused took the stand. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 73 lines 1 -11.

Gobi said that “[t]here were some things [the accused] forgot and [which Gobi]
jolted his memory”. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 73 line 3.

This worked the other way as well: “[Gobi] jolted [the accused’s] memory and
[the accused] jolted [Gobi’s memory]”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 74 line 3.

Through his conversation with the accused, Gobi was able to give a long list
of details that they both remembered. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 73 lines 14 – 20.

Additionally, as Gobi and the accused are “very close” 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 76 line 9.

and “met frequently”, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 60 line 20.

it cannot therefore be ruled out that Gobi would lie to protect the accused.

98 I thus reject the Alibi Defence as Gobi’s evidence is not reliable and he
does not appear to me to be a credible witness.

99 In contrast, I accept the Debt Collection Defence because I agree with the
Defence that this is amply supported by the testimonies of its witnesses and
the objective documentary record.

100 The accused’s wife, one Perinba Malar Mahendran (“Perinba”) testified that
she was with the accused on 11 October 2011 when he was collecting debts in
Singapore. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 22 lines 5 – 24.

She testified that he did indeed work for the Moneylender and had used the
Moneylender’s money to gamble at the Marina Bay Sands Casino on 11 October
2011. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 23 line 15 – p 24 line 11

Her passport shows that she entered Singapore on 11 October 2011. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

P164 at p 3.

The Prosecution also conceded that the accused gambled away $5,000 at the
Marina Bay Sands Casino on 11 October 2011. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 1 lines 28 – 32.

I further note that the Prosecution did not seriously contest the fact that
the accused was employed by the Moneylender. I thus accept Perinba’s evidence
on this front.

101 Annamalai was the accused’s supervisor in 2011. He testified that he
instructed the accused to enter Singapore on both 11 and 12 October 2011 to
collect debt moneys from the Moneylender’s Singapore agents. He remembered
this incident specifically because the accused had embezzled $5,000. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 102 lines 14 to 31, p 104 lines 22 to 25

102 Annamalai is a credible witness. He had no reason to lie and his account
is intrinsically logical. He was able to provide coherent replies when
questioned as to the various aspects of his account.

103 The clearest example of this is when Annamalai was questioned as to why
the Moneylender continued to employ the accused despite the embezzlement.
Annamalai explained that he successfully interceded for the accused and the
accused’s job scope was narrowed such that there would be no further chances
for dishonesty. After the embezzlement, the accused’s role was restricted to
debt collection in Malaysia and he was no longer allowed to collect debts in
Singapore. The two roles were different. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 93 lines 1 – 15, p 107 lines 1 – 26.

For the latter, the accused could carry out debt collection alone as only one
employee was required to collect the debt moneys from the Moneylender’s
Singapore agents and not the debtors directly. However, for the former, two
employees would be assigned for the debt collection because the employees had
to collect the moneys directly from the debtors and problems could arise.
There was thus little opportunity for further dishonesty. Additionally, the
accused had to repay the debt (plus interest) to the Moneylender. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 103 lines 16 – 25.

104 The Prosecution argues that Annamalai is not credible for two reasons:

(a) Annamalai might have been mistaken as to the date of the embezzlement. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS at para 85.

Annamalai unequivocally stated that the date of embezzlement was 11 October
2011. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 117 line 30 – p 118 line 2.

The reason he gave on why he could so clearly remember the date after some
eight years later was that this was the only time the accused embezzled money
and the first time that the accused had a back-to-back assignment (ie, an
assignment to collect debt moneys in Singapore on two consecutive days which
were 11 and 12 October 2011). 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 118 line 30 – p 119 line 2.

The accused had separately testified that from 4 August 2011 to 12 October
2011, he only entered Singapore for work-related purposes (as corroborated by
Perinba 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 21 lines 18 – 20.

). 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NEs 8 February 2019 p 5 lines 20 – 32.

Having regard to the ICA records, the first time that the accused had entered
Singapore on two consecutive days was not on 11 and 12 October 2011 but rather
on 24 and 25 August 2011. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

AB CH-P104 p 207.

Following Annamalai’s logic, the date of embezzlement would be 24 August 2011,
rather than 11 October 2011.

(b) When confronted with the ICA records showing two consecutive dates of
entry by the accused on 24 and 25 August 2011, Annamalai “changed tack” 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

PCS at para 86.

during cross-examination by saying that he remembered the date of 11 October
2011 for only one reason (as opposed to two reasons), ie, that it was the
first time that the accused had gambled the Moneylender’s money away. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 121 lines 4 – 12.

105 I do not think that the Prosecution succeeds in casting doubt on
Annamalai’s credibility. Taking the Prosecution’s case at its highest, it can
only be said that Annamalai might be mistaken as to the date of the accused’s
first back-to-back assignment. Annamalai himself admitted that he could not
fully recall if the accused had other back-to-back assignments because “there
were no problems before … therefore, it did not really retain in [his]
memory”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 125 lines 10 – 13.

What is crucial is that Annamalai never wavered from his position that the
accused had embezzled $5,000 from the Moneylender on 11 October 2011 and that
Annamalai remembered this because it was the first time the accused had done
such a thing. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 122 lines 13 – 22, p 123 line 31 – p 124 line 13.

106 Ong Jun Leong Kelvin’s (“Kelvin”) evidence further shores up the Defence’s
case on this front. Kelvin testified that he was the Moneylender’s Singapore
agent who passed the accused debt moneys totalling $10,000 on 12 October 2011.
Kelvin could remember meeting the accused on 12 October 2011 because the date
was connected to striking events in his personal life, namely that his mother
had fallen down injuring herself on 11 October 2011 and his family members had
a big quarrel on 12 October 2011 due to financial issues. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NEs 20 November 2019 p 31 lines 2 – 27.

107 I do not agree with the Prosecution that the circumstances under which
Kelvin was called to be a witness are suspect. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PCS at para 90.

Kelvin does not appear to have a motive to lie to exonerate the accused
because they had only met twice prior to being reunited in remand. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NEs 20 November 2019 p 11 lines 1 – 8, p 37 lines 8 – 9.

Further, the accused did not even recognise Kelvin when they first met in
prison; 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NEs 20 November 2019 p 43 lines 27 – 28.

it was Kelvin who first approached the accused in prison and offered to
testify on the accused’s behalf. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NEs 20 November 2019 p 40 lines 20 – 25.

108 Drawing together the various strands of evidence, I find that the Defence
has proven the Debt Collection Defence on a balance of probabilities. However,
I do not believe that it assists the accused by proving that he was not
present at the West Coast McDonald’s on 12 October 2011 to introduce the
Couriers. Let me explain.

109 The accused had ample time on 12 October 2011 to meet the Couriers and
collect the debt moneys from Kelvin. The ICA records show that the accused was
in Singapore from 7.04 am to 12.19 pm (ie, 5 hours and 15 minutes) while
Shanmugam was in Singapore from 7.24 am to 9.36 am (ie, 2 hours and 12
minutes). 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

P104A; AB CH-P103 p 205.

Even assuming that the accused only left the West Coast McDonald’s after
Shanmugam left Singapore at 9.36 am, the accused would have approximately 2
hours and 43 minutes (ie, between 9.36 am and 12.19 pm) to travel to Ang Mo
Kio to meet Kelvin, collect the debt moneys and head to the Woodlands
Checkpoint. If I assume that the accused and Shanmugam left the West Coast
McDonald’s at about the same time and that Shanmugam needed about 36 minutes
to travel to the Woodland’s Checkpoint, both the accused and Shanmugam would
have left the West Coast McDonald’s at about 9.00 am. If so, the accused would
have approximately 3 hours and 19 minutes (ie, between 9.00 am and 12.19 pm)
to travel to Ang Mo Kio to meet Kelvin, collect the debt moneys and return to
the Woodlands Checkpoint. After factoring in the possibility of adverse
traffic conditions, the entire car journey should take no longer than 2 hours.
Kelvin testified that he met the accused sometime from 10 am to 10.30 am on 12
October 2011 and that it would take him less than a minute to hand over the
debt moneys to the accused. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NEs 20 November 2019 p 18 lines 1 – 16, p 17 lines 5 – 6.

Assuming that Gobi was being truthful when he testified that the accused left
him for 15 to 20 minutes to collect the moneys from Kelvin, the maximum time
necessary for the whole journey from the West Coast McDonald’s to Ang Mo Kio
for the debt collection (with 20 minutes allowance for the debt collection
itself) and then to the Woodlands Checkpoint would be 2 hours and 20 minutes.
This still leaves between 23 minutes of spare time (if the accused left the
West Coast McDonald’s at 9.36 am) and 59 minutes of spare time (if the accused
left the West Coast McDonald’s earlier at 9.00 am), thus making it possible
for the accused to collect the debt moneys for the Moneylender and be at the
West Coast McDonald’s on 12 October 2011 during the whole time that Shanmugam
was there.

110 For the accused to come all the way to Singapore just to make an
introduction of one Courier to the other would likely be a complete waste of
time, effort and petrol. When the accused came to Singapore on 12 October 2011
as part of his work assignment to collect debt monies from Kelvin, it would be
very convenient to use that opportunity to introduce Shanmugam to Suief. This
is what I believe had happened. The alibi of the Defence is not a good alibi
because there was only co-incidence of the date, 12 October 2011, but no co-
incidence of the time of the debt collection and the time of the introduction
meeting to be able to establish that the accused could not have been present
at the introduction meeting.

(C) My conclusion as to the events on 12 October 2011

111 In light of the foregoing, I find that the Prosecution has proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that the accused introduced Shanmugam to Suief at West Coast
McDonald’s for the purpose of facilitating an impending drug transaction
sometime after Deepavali.

112 The crux of the issue is this: if it is clear that Shanmugam and Suief (1)
were not known to each other prior to the introduction meeting on 12 October
2011; (2) did not have any mutual acquaintances apart from the accused; and
(3) eventually ended up working together as couriers trafficking in not less
than 28.50 g of diamorphine on 28 October 2011 after having been earlier
recruited separately as drug couriers by the accused, there must be a starting
point to their very short 16-day relationship. Given the totality of the
evidence before me, I am driven inexorably to the conclusion that it began
with the accused’s introduction of Shanmugam to Suief at the West Coast
McDonald’s on 12 October 2011 for the purpose of linking them up to form the
courier chain for the accused, despite his repeated (but unsupported)
protestations otherwise.

(D) A side note about the events of 12 October 2011

113 As an aside, I note that there is some peculiarity in the events of 12
October 2011, which appear strange and inexplicable. Focusing first on
Shanmugam’s evidence, it appears that the accused had a strong desire to avoid
being in the Kenari car at the Checkpoint. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NEs 10 July 2018 p 84 lines 30 -31.

The accused took the trouble to drive the Kenari car all the way up to the
Johor customs before handing it over to Shanmugam just before crossing the
Checkpoint. His decision seems illogical because the Kenari car could easily
have accommodated five passengers, namely, the accused, the unknown Tamil man,
Shanmugam as well as Shanmugam’s mother and daughter, and there was no
necessity to drive two cars into Singapore, meet at the same place, ie, the
West Coast McDonald’s and then head back to Johor on the same day, even if a
slight detour to Ang Mo Kio was called for. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NEs 10 July 2018 p 84 lines 11 – 18.

Further, Shanmugam recalled that Suief drove off with the Kenari car after the
introduction meeting and returned the car 45 minutes later, 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NEs 11 July 2018 p 10 line 30.

while Suief denied this (see [90(b)] above).

114 Suief’s evidence in this regard is worth exploring.

(a) As a backdrop, it is pertinent to note that Suief admitted to working as a
drug courier for the accused even before he was introduced to Shanmugam. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NEs 12 January p 98 lines 15 – 28, p 99 lines 6 – 11, 19 – 20.

One or two months prior to the introduction meeting, the accused had asked
Shanmugam to work for him as a drug courier and offered to pay him RM 7,000
monthly, 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 89 lines 22-29, p 37 lines 23 – 26.

and Shanmugam accepted the offer as it was double what he could earn from his
flower shop business (see above at [40]). 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 91 lines 7 – 11.

To complete the loop, the accused would have had to introduce Shanmugam to
Suief; both Shanmugam and Suief said the introduction meeting took place on 12
October 2011 at the West Coast McDonald’s. The main point is that both Suief
and Shanmugam had separately agreed to work as drug couriers for the accused
before the two couriers had met each other in person at the introduction
meeting. If the accused wanted to use the occasion of the introduction meeting
in Singapore on 12 October 2011 to have a drug consignment using these two
couriers, Shanmugam and Suief, he could have done so because both couriers had
already agreed to work for him. The absence of a prior personal introduction
would not be an obstacle. In other words, if the accused wished, he could have
killed not two, but three birds with one stone on 12 October 2011, namely to:
(a) collect debt monies for the Moneylender; (b) introduce the Couriers to
each other; and (c) opportunistically use Shanmugam to deliver a shipment of
heroin in the Kenari car to Suief.

(b) When DPP Chua first asked Suief how many times he had collected heroin as
part of his arrangement with the accused, Suief replied four times. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 25 line 11.

(c) Suief initially stated that the Shanmugam had brought him heroin two out
of the four times. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 25 lines 14 – 16.

He elaborated that one of those instances was Suief’s fourth shipment of
heroin from the accused, 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 25 line 20.

and that two shipments were by other people. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 25 line 22

Suief then backtracked from his earlier position to say that the first three
shipments were not from Shanmugam. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 25 line 31 – p 26 line 6.

Suief elaborated specifically about the third shipment and said that: “[t]he
third time, I only got to know [Shanmugam]. Then the fourth time…I got the
drugs from Shanmugam”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 26 lines 11 – 13.

The fourth time was the day of the Drug Transaction. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 27 lines 24 – 25.

(d) Suief later asserted that on the third time, Mathan (ie, the accused’s
brother) delivered the drugs. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 27 lines 14 – 16.

115 Shanmugam might have been telling the truth about Suief taking away the
Kenari car for 45 minutes. If the Kenari car also contained drugs on 12
October 2011, it may explain why Suief had to take the car away for 45 minutes
in order to make a drug delivery. This may also explain why the accused did
not remain in the Kenari car when it crossed the border checkpoints as he did
not want to be implicated and therefore, got into another car. This may also
explain the vacillation in Suief’s evidence in relation to the third time he
collected heroin. Finally, it may explain why there is a discrepancy, as
correctly pointed out by the Defence, between Shanmugam and Suief’s evidence
in relation to Suief driving the Kenari car away for 45 minutes after the
introduction meeting. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DCS at para 27(f) and the table prior to para 27.

It is pertinent to note that Suief initially mentioned Shanmugam had brought
in two shipments of heroin and alluded to the fact that Shanmugam had brought
in the third shipment of drugs, which would then have tied in with Shanmugam’s
evidence that Suief took away the Kenari car for 45 minutes after their
introduction at the West Coast McDonald’s on 12 October 2011. However, Suief
later corrected himself and said it was not Shanmugam but Mathan who delivered
the third shipment of drugs to him. If so, that would have taken place
presumably on some other day prior to the 12 October 2011. Suief,
understandably, did not wish to say that he received a further shipment of
heroin on the day of the introduction meeting when he first met Shanmugam.

116 I must emphasise that this side note concerning the side events on 12
October 2011 is not used by me in any way in deciding whether the accused is
guilty of the present charge against him. Apart from my earlier and separate
finding of fact that the accused had introduced Shanmugam to Suief on 12
October 2011 at the West Coast McDonald’s to facilitate an impending drug
transaction sometime after Deepavali (see [111]), the rest of the side events
on 12 October 2011 are strictly irrelevant to the accused’s charge.

117 The side note only serves in a very limited way to provide a plausible
explanation for: (a) the peculiarity of the side events on 12 October 2011 as
narrated by Shanmugam that appear strange and inexplicable, ie, why Shanmugam
and the accused needed to use two cars instead of one car when they were going
to Singapore to meet at the same place, ie, the West Coast McDonald’s; (b) the
vacillations in Suief’s evidence concerning the third shipment of drugs he
received; (c) the inconsistency between the Couriers’ testimonies in relation
to the events immediately after the introduction meeting on 12 October 2011 as
to whether Suief had driven the Kenari car away for 45 minutes before
returning it to Shanmugam; and (d) if so, then Suief’s peculiar behaviour in
driving the Kenari car away for 45 minutes before returning it to Shanmugam,
should Shanmugam’s evidence on this point be preferred over Suief’s.

118 I now return to the main issues in this case.

(2) 27 October 2011

119 27 October 2011 is significant for two reasons. First, it was the day on
which the Controlled Drugs were planted in the Kenari car. Second, there were
multiple phone calls between Shanmugam and the accused that evening. As the
events on 27 October 2011 took place in Malaysia, I will be focusing on
Shanmugam’s testimony in his examination-in-chief, and the portions of his
statements admitted under s 147(3) of the Evidence Act.

(A) The planting of the Controlled Drugs in the Kenari car and the second
alibi defence

120 I start with the planting of the Controlled Drugs in the Kenari car. I
have previously found that Shanmugam drove into Singapore on 28 October 2011
with the Controlled Drugs in the Kenari car (see [67] above).

121 At trial, Shanmugam knew that the Kenari car belonged to the accused’s
friend, Raja. Shanmugam was able to recognise it at a glance 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 10 lines 8 – 30.

because the accused had allowed him to borrow the Kenari car previously and
Shanmugam had driven it on at least a few occasions, eg, to send his mother to
visit a hospital or a clinic in Singapore. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 12 lines 11 – 14, p 11 lines 11 – 31.

122 Shanmugam estimated that two to three days before his arrest on 28 October
2011, the accused asked for the Kenari car and Shanmugam obliged. On 27
October 2011, Shanmugam recalled that he was in Singapore during the day and
when he returned to his home in Johor in the evening, he saw that the car was
parked in its usual place outside his rental home. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 53 line 25 – p 54 line 5.

123 Shanmugam’s testimony at trial in this respect is consistent with P154,
his statement recorded a day after the accused was arrested in Singapore.
There, Shanmugam positively identified 27 October 2011 as the date the Kenari
car was taken away. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

P154 at para 12.

More pertinently, I note that even after Shanmugam had turned hostile and
started to make the Intoxication Claim during cross-examination, he still
maintained that the accused took away the Kenari car on either 26 or 27
October 2011 and returned it on the evening of the latter date. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NEs 10 July 2018 p 21 line 5 – 9.

I thus find that Shanmugam’s evidence is consistent and credible on this
front.

124 In response, the Defence relies on Perinba’s evidence to mount a second
alibi defence. Perinba testified that it was impossible for the accused to
have taken the Kenari car from Shanmugam on 27 October 2011 as the couple were
in the accused’s hometown of Kulim, Kedah celebrating Deepavali with their
family. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 28 lines 7 – 31.

They had left their Johor home on 24 October 2011 and stayed for a week in
Kedah. Perinba stated that the accused could not have returned to Johor
because “[her husband] was with [her] all the time.” 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 29 lines 15 -21.

125 The Defence fails to raise reasonable doubt with this second alibi
defence.

126 First, Perinba is an interested witness as she is the accused’s wife and
loves him. Her exonerating evidence must thus be treated with caution (see
Farida Begam d/o Mohd Artham v Public Prosecutor [2001] SGHC 333 (“Farida”) at
[13]).

127 Second, even if I were to treat Perinba as a dispassionate witness with no
interest in the matter, her evidence does not create a viable alibi defence.
Perinba had overstated her position when she said that she was “very sure”
that the accused had never been able to leave Kedah and return to Johor on 27
October 2011. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 29 lines 15 – 20.

The accused had a yearly habit of going to Dannok, Thailand with his male
friends immediately after Deepavali. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

NEs 7 February 2019 p 50 lines 1 – 3, p 52 lines 13 – 24.

It was revealed during Perinba’s examination-in-chief that she could not
actually remember whether the accused had left her to go to Dannok in 2011.
204

##### Foot Note 204

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 29 lines 9 – 14.

This meant that Perinba could not be so sure that the accused had remained
constantly in Kedah during the relevant period. Neither could Perinba be so
certain that after leaving his mother’s place in Kedah, the accused could not
have headed immediately for Johor instead of Dannok in 2011.

128 The flaws in her evidence were further exposed during cross-examination.
Perinba did not actually remember being with the accused for the entirety of
their trip to Kedah and her reason for claiming that the accused could not
have returned to Johor was that he never told her that he was going and she
believed that he would not lie to her. Her testimony on this point is
important and is worth laying out in full: 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NEs 19 November 2019 p 39 line 26 – p 40 line 25.

Q But you cannot recall, alright, whether he went to Deepavali---sorry,
whether he went to Thailand during that Deepavali season, am I correct?

A That is right.

Q And yet you are certain that he didn’t leave Kedah to go to Johor?

A I’m certain because he was with me all the while, while we were in Kedah.

Q Yes, but you see, if you were certain that he was with you all the while,
why aren’t you not sure that he went to Thailand?

A I don’t know whether he had gone to Thailand. If he had not gone to
Thailand, he would have been with me.

Q Ah, I see. So let’s say he tells you “I’m going off to Thailand”, right, he
could have driven off, driven back to Johor and then back the next day, and
you wouldn’t have known, right?

A There’s no chance he went to---he went anywhere because if he had gone to
Thailand, he would go first day and he would return the very next day morning
itself.

Q Yes, but if---you see, if you had gone to---if he had driven off in his car,
you don’t know where he went in the car. He could have driven back all the way
down to Johor and returned the next day. It’s about 7½ hours, 8 hours’ drive.
It’s still doable, correct?

…

A I’m sure that he didn’t come to Johor.

Q Why are you so sure?

A I know about my husband.

Q Because you trust him? Not that you know for a fact because you were not
with him what---all the time, right? Or at least you can’t remember whether
you were with him all the time, because you were not sure whether he went to
Thailand. So if you are not sure whether he went to Thailand, by that same
token, you cannot be sure that he didn’t drive down to Johor while he said he
was going to Thailand.

A He wouldn’t lie to me and go anywhere.

[emphases added]

129 Bearing the above in mind, I find that the accused’s second alibi defence
fails and accept Shanmugam’s testimony that the accused had taken the Kenari
car on 27 October 2011 and returned it to him in time for the Drug Transaction
on 28 October 2011.

(B) The phone calls

130 Shanmugam testified that on 27 October 2011 at 10.56 pm and 10.58 pm, he
received two phone calls from the Mobile Phone Number. As established
previously, the Mobile Phone Number belonged to the accused (above at [56]).
Shanmugam recalled that the accused told him that “he’s going back to his
mother’s place in Kedah” and reminded Shanmugam to deliver the Kenari car to
Suief the next day. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 48, lines 5 – 15.

The contents of this call bolster the Prosecution’s case that the accused had
been in Johor on 27 October 2011 to return the Kenari car to Shanmugam and
thereafter, Shanmugam would be returning to his mother’s place in Kedah.

131 More importantly, it sheds light on the accused’s state of mind because
the Kenari car contained the Controlled Drugs when Shanmugam drove into
Singapore on 28 October 2011. As mentioned above, Shanmugam took pains to
emphasise that he was innocent because he thought that his role was to deliver
the Kenari car to Suief (or to deliver illegal documents per P154). 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

P154 at paras 5 and 6.

Taking Shanmugam’s evidence at its highest, the fact that the accused
specifically called Shanmugam late at night the day immediately prior to the
Drug Transaction and reminded him to “pass the car” 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

P154 at para 12.

the next day is telling. It indicates that the accused knew that the
Controlled Drugs were present in the Kenari car and engineered events to
ensure that the Drug Transaction would proceed smoothly the next day when
Shanmugam “pass[ed] the car” so to speak to Suief in Singapore pursuant to the
accused’s instructions and reminders.

132 Shanmugam’s evidence of the car being taken away by the accused and
returned to him on 27 October 2011 is a fairly significant point as it
suggests that the accused would then have had the opportunity to place the
Controlled Drugs in the Kenari car but the location where it was hidden might
not have been specifically made known to Shanmugam before he was asked by the
accused to drive the Kenari car into Singapore on 28 October 2011.

133 Apart from the two phone calls from the accused late at night, Shanmugam
also mentioned that Suief called him on 27 October 2011. Suief asked if the
accused had told Shanmugam about “tomorrow’s work” and if “[Shanmugam] knew
how to get there”. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 50 lines 6 – 12.

134 It is important to appreciate that Shanmugam’s evidence is backed up by
his mobile phone record on 27 October 2011 as tabulated: 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

AB CH-P82, pp 46, 47 and 49.

S/N| Call Type | Time   
---|---|---  
1| Missed call from Mobile Phone Number | 20:39:46  
2| Missed call from Mobile Phone Number | 20:40:18  
3| Missed call from Mobile Phone Number | 20:40:53  
4| Missed call from Mobile Phone Number | 20:47:55  
5| Missed call from Mobile Phone Number| 20:57:00  
6| Outgoing call to Mobile Phone Number| 21:02:23  
7| Outgoing call to Mobile Phone Number| 21:02:33  
8| Outgoing call to Mobile Phone Number| 21:03:37  
9| Outgoing call to Mobile Phone Number | 21:04:34  
10| Incoming call from Mobile Phone Number | 21:05:09  
11| Incoming call from Mobile Phone Number | 21:49:21  
12| Incoming call from Mobile Phone Number | 22:56:28  
13| Incoming call from Mobile Phone Number | 22:58:19  
14| Incoming call from Suief's number | 23:05:04  
15 | Incoming call from Suief's number | 23:14:10  
16 | Incoming call from Suief's number | 23:26:05  
  
The phone calls to Shanmugam at around 11 pm from the accused and the phone
calls from Suief that followed soon thereafter are bolded.

135 Even amongst close friends, it is unusual for there to be so many calls
within a day. While Shanmugam was unable to recall anything further about the
other calls, 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 53 lines 13 – 14.

the sheer number of calls that night and their frequency (ie, 16 calls within
three hours first with the accused and then with Suief) lead me to conclude
that the accused and the Couriers were discussing the arrangements for the
Drug Transaction the next day.

(3) 28 October 2011

136 The events of 28 October 2011 were hotly contested during the trial.
Numerous volleys were fired over the minutest detail such as whether Shanmugam
had told Suief where 10 bundles of the Controlled Drug were hidden in the
Kenari car, whether Shanmugam or Suief had gone to buy drinks at the Esso
petrol kiosk, why Suief had taken the stairs instead of the lift at Block 405
Pandan Gardens, et cetera. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

PCS at paras 15 – 18; DCS at paras 33 – 38, 41 – 44; PRS at paras 57 – 70; DRS
at paras 17 – 18.

In this regard, the Defence argues that the testimonies of the Couriers are so
fragmented and inconsistent that it would be unsafe to rely upon them.

137 While the Couriers’ testimonies about the above events do have a bearing
upon their individual credibility, I have already dealt extensively with this
above. The real significance of the events taking place on 28 October 2011
lies in whether the Couriers were acting under the accused’s instructions in
(1) bringing the Controlled Drugs into Singapore and (2) delivering them. I
thus focus my inquiry on these two points.

138 On 28 October 2011, the accused called Shanmugam before Shanmugam left for
Singapore to check on Shanmugam’s progress in bringing the drugs into
Singapore and asked Shanmugam where he was. Shanmugam informed the accused
that he was on his way to Singapore and the accused replied saying “Suief is
waiting for you”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

NEs 9 July 2018, p 56 lines 11 – 17.

Shanmugam knew where to meet Suief because Suief called him as soon as he
entered Singapore and said: “Where are you? Already late. I am waiting at Haw
Par Villa bus stop, come quickly.” 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NEs 9 July 2018, p 56 lines 27 – 28.

139 Suief could not remember whether he had called Shanmugam prior to the
meeting and was unable to confirm Shanmugam’s number for checks to be made
with the Phone Records. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NEs 16 January 2018 p 3 lines 18 – 20; 12 January 2018 p 42 lines 8 – 9.

Shanmugam’s phone records appear to be incomplete as there is no record of any
calls on 28 October 2011. Nonetheless, Suief’s evidence corroborates
Shanmugam’s evidence as he said that Shanmugam was late for an hour. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 42 lines 13 -14.

CNB officers who were tailing Suief also observed that they met at the Haw Par
Villa bus stop at about 11:36 am. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

AB CH-PS14 p 160.

140 When Suief entered the Kenari car, he brought with him the virtually empty
Mizuno Bag. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 42 line 29 – p 43 line 4.

Shanmugam then drove to an Esso petrol kiosk. CNB officer Assistant
Superintendent Sea Hoon Cheng, who was trailing the Couriers, observed that
Suief got out of the Kenari car and walked to the Cheers convenience store to
purchase drinks. The Couriers then drove to Block 405 Pandan Gardens. This was
because Suief wanted to retrieve items from his mother’s house for his Friday
prayers. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 46 lines 4-5.

141 From the time that Suief entered the Kenari car to the time he got off at
Pandan Gardens, Suief received a number of instructing phone calls from the
accused and Ali Bell, the latter being the intended recipient of three bundles
of diamorphine. Suief was informed by the accused and Ali Bell that he should
place three bundles of diamorphine at the Staircase Landing. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 45 line 29 - p 46 line 11, p 46 lines 18 - 28.

The remaining seven bundles of diamorphine were packed into the Mizuno Bag
pending the accused’s further instructions. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 45 lines 11 – 15.

142 The Defence submits that that there are discrepancies in Suief’s evidence
as to the instructions he received on 28 October 2011. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

DCS at paras 34 and 37.

(a) During examination-in-chief, Suief stated that the next time the accused
contacted him after 12 October 2011 was on 28 October 2011. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 40 lines 14 – 15.

The accused instructed him to deliver heroin to Ali Bell and confirmed that
Shanmugam would be sending him the heroin. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NEs 12 January 2018 p 40 line 24 – p 41 line 3.

Subsequently, the accused found out that Suief wished to go to Block 405
Pandan Gardens and instructed Suief to place three of the bundles amongst some
flower pots on the Staircase Landing. Ali Bell gave Suief the same
instructions. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NEs 12 January 2018, p 46 lines 1 -15.

This was mirrored in re-examination. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NEs 18 January 2018 p 26 line 26 - p 27 line 1.

(b) In his statement, 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

D1 at paras 7 – 8.

Suief stated that the accused called him after Deepavali and on 28 October
2011 to confirm that Shanmugam would be coming to Singapore with the heroin on
that day. The accused told Suief to meet Shanmugam at the Haw Par Villa bus
stop.

(c) During cross-examination, Suief stated that Shanmugam had told him to give
the three bundles of diamorphine to Ali Bell and that Ali Bell later called
Suief to confirm this. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

NEs 16 January 2016 p 15 line 31 – p 16 line 25, p 22 line 30 – p 23 line 4.

Ali Bell told him to place the three bundles at the Staircase Landing.

143 The Defence submits that there was a “striking absence of Punithan’s
involvement” in Suief’s cross-examination evidence and states that it is a
material internal inconsistency. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

DCS at para 37.

144 I am unable to agree. First, Suief had already mentioned earlier that the
accused and Ali Bell called to inform him to place the three bundles of
diamorphine at the Staircase Landing. Second, Suief did subsequently clarify
during cross-examination that the accused did call him to give him
instructions as to where to place the drugs after the Couriers left the Esso
petrol kiosk. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

NEs 18 January 2018 p 13 lines 14 – 20, 29.

145 Nonetheless, as there is some inconsistency in Suief’s evidence on this
crucial aspect of the charge, I am prepared to assume, out of an abundance of
caution (see [29] above), that Suief’s evidence is unclear as to whether the
accused did indeed call to give him instructions on 28 October 2011. Even so,
having regard to two other sources of evidence, it is clear that the Defence’s
contention must still fail.

146 First, Shanmugam testified that Suief received a call when they were
travelling from the Esso petrol kiosk to Pandan Gardens to deliver the three
bundles. While Shanmugam could not confirm the identity of the caller, he
distinctly recalled that the accused’s name was mentioned during the call. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 76 lines 4 – 11.

147 Second, Suief’s mobile phone record makes it clear that Suief communicated
with Ali Bell and the accused.

148 On 28 October 2011, there were four calls between Suief and Ali Bell
within approximately 30 minutes. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

AB CH-P84 pp 88 – 91.

Ali Bell’s number was “9467793” and was saved in Suief’s phone B2-HP2 under
the contact name “botak”. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

NEs 16 January 2018, p 2 lines 11 – 17; AB CH-P84 p 87.

S/N| Call Type | Time   
---|---|---  
1| Incoming call from Ali Bell | 11:58:20  
2| Outgoing call to Ali Bell | 12:11:21  
3| Outgoing call to Ali Bell | 12:11:46  
4| Incoming call from Ali Bell | 12:31:22  
  
149 On 28 October 2011, there were nine calls between Suief and the accused in
the span of approximately 73 minutes. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

AB CH-P84 pp 88 – 91

The calls also increased in frequency nearing the time of delivery of the
three bundles of drugs to Block 405 Pandan Gardens.

S/N| Call Type | Time   
---|---|---  
1| Outgoing calls to Mobile Phone Number | 10:52:12  
2| Outgoing calls to Mobile Phone Number | 10:52:30  
3| Outgoing calls to Mobile Phone Number | 10:55:49  
4| Outgoing calls to Mobile Phone Number | 11:02:28  
5| Incoming call from Mobile Phone Number | 11:15:13  
6| Incoming call from Mobile Phone Number | 11:36:17  
7| Incoming call from Mobile Phone Number | 11:55:52  
8| Incoming call from Mobile Phone Number | 11:57:49  
9| Incoming call from Mobile Phone Number | 12:05:47  
  
150 The 13 calls show that Suief was in constant contact with both Ali Bell
and the accused. This lends credence to Suief’s evidence that both of them
were giving him instructions pertaining to the delivery of the Controlled
Drugs on 28 October 2011. The fact that the bulk of the calls, ten out of 13,
were made in the immediate lead up to the delivery of the three bundles of
drugs to Block 405 Pandan Gardens leads me to believe that these were linked
to the delivery.

151 I have already rejected the Defence’s claim that the Mobile Phone Number
did not belong to the accused (see [56] above). I thus find that Shanmugam
brought ten bundles containing not less than 28.50g of diamorphine in the
Kenari car into Singapore on the accused’s instructions. Further, the accused
directed the Couriers to transport the bundles within Singapore and to deliver
three of them to Ali Bell at Block 405 Pandan Gardens. I find on the totality
of the evidence that the accused was the mastermind of this entire criminal
endeavour.

My conclusion

152 It is trite that a finding on credibility can be based on some or all of
the following: (a) the witness’ demeanour; (b) the internal consistency in the
content of his evidence; or (c) the external consistency between the content
of his evidence and the extrinsic evidence (see Farida ([126] supra) at [9]).
Drawing the various pieces of evidence together and after carefully evaluating
the demeanour of the various witnesses, the internal consistency of their
evidence and the external consistency of their evidence with the objective
extrinsic evidence, my findings can be briefly summarised as follows:

(a) Suief is a credible witness whose evidence suffices on its own to support
the Prosecution’s case. On the whole, his evidence is both internally and
externally consistent. He also testified in a forthright manner, to the extent
of admitting that he had lied during the HC 2014 Trial.

(b) Shanmugam was initially a credible witness despite his obvious
unwillingness to testify. For reasons of his own, he turned completely hostile
during his cross-examination and fabricated a number of ludicrous and
outlandish claims in an attempt to neutralise the damning effect of his
earlier evidence against the accused (ie, during examination-in-chief). That
being said, I have placed some weight on his evidence given during
examination-in-chief and his statements when they are capable of being
corroborated by other sources of evidence, ie, Suief’s testimony, the ICA
records and the Phone Records.

(c) There is sufficient consistency in the evidence of the Couriers as
corroborated by objective documentary records to establish their version of
events on 12, 27 and 28 October 2011.

(d) Seen as a whole, the specific events show that the accused was the
directing mind behind the Drug Transaction on 28 October 2011. His complicity
is not restricted to giving instructions to the Couriers on 28 October 2011
and passing the drugs to Shanmugam although these would suffice to impute
constructive liability on the accused. The accused leveraged on his individual
association with Shanmugam and Suief to recruit them both as his couriers and
even made a trip down to Singapore to introduce them to each other.

(e) The accused’s bare assertion that he did not know the Couriers and thus
was not associated with their trafficking activities is artificial and
contrived.

(f) The Defence’s alternative explanation for the specific events do not
suffice to raise a reasonable doubt.

153 I thus find that the Prosecution has proven its case beyond a reasonable
doubt such that s 34 of the Penal Code operates to impute constructive
liability on the accused.

Final denials: the Kenari car and Raja

154 Out of an abundance of caution, I also will deal with the Defence’s final
submission on the Kenari car and Shanmugam’s final attempt to exonerate the
accused.

155 The Defence submits that it was not possible for the accused to be
complicit in the trafficking activities of the Couriers as he never had
possession of the Kenari car and thus could not have passed possession of it,
along with the Controlled Drugs, to Shanmugam on 27 October 2011. In support
of this, the Defence sought to adduce two statements from the registered owner
of the Kenari car, Tamilchelvy a/p Maripan (“Tamilchelvy”) and her brother,
Vignesh Maripan (“Vignesh”) under s 32(1)(j)(iii) of the Evidence Act.

156 I allowed the application to adduce hearsay evidence. I was satisfied that
both Tamilchelvy and Vignesh are Malaysian citizens habitually resident
outside of Singapore. Mr Fernando expended considerable effort to secure their
attendance, which included repeated phone calls and voice messages to their
stated landline number and personally visiting their residence in Johor on 27
November 2019, but to no avail. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Affidavit of Mr. Peter Keith Fernando at paras 4, 8 -15.

157 Be that as it may, I do not think that the statements assist the Defence.
Read together, the statements show that Tamilchelvy sold the Kenari car to
Vignesh’s friend, Towing Raja. Towing Raja informed Tamilchelvy that he had a
friend named “Raja” who was interested in taking over the Kenari car. In
return for the use of the car, “Raja” would pay the car instalments to
Tamilchelvy’s finance company. The car would remain registered in
Tamilchelvy’s name. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

D7 and D8.

158 I do not need to go further than to say that the above accounts, even if
accepted, are not inconsistent with the Prosecution’s case and the testimonies
of the Couriers. The accused did not have to be the registered owner of the
Kenari car in order to pass possession of it to Shanmugam. It was also not
conclusively determined that the accused was not Towing Raja, “Raja” or a
person who had obtained possession of the Kenari car from Tamilchelvy, the
registered owner of the car. This being the case, I reject the Defence’s
argument that the accused never possessed the Kenari car.

159 I turn finally to Shanmugam’s final attempt to exonerate the accused. At
the start of re-examination, Shanmugam recovered partially from his earlier
amnesia in relation to the specific events that led to the Drug Transaction
and the facts relating to it. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

NEs 21 November 2018 p 4 lines 6 – 19.

Shanmugam started to say that “Raja” was responsible for, inter alia, passing
him the Kenari car, offering him the job of delivering the Kenari car, 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

NEs 21 November 2018 p 4 lines 14 – 28.

introducing him to Suief 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

NEs 21 November 2018 p 10 lines 10 – 20.

and masterminding the entire trafficking operation. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

NEs 21 November 2018 p 11 lines 1 – 4.

I reject these claims as there is no support for them whatsoever.

160 I end off with a final observation. Shanmugam’s persistent attempts not to
implicate the accused can be rationalised by looking at the broader
background. Shanmugam’s foster mother, Somunainar Thilagavathi (“Somunainar”)
testified that after Shanmugam’s arrest, two mystery men approached her to ask
her about Shanmugam. They asked where Shanmugam was and whether she is his
mother. Somunainar relayed this incident to Shanmugam when she visited him in
jail. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

NEs 22 November 2018 p 4 lines 4 – 23.

161 I agree with the Prosecution that it is telling that when Somunainar
relayed this incident to Shanmugam, Shanmugam did not ask her for the
identities of the two men. Instead, he warned her not to talk to strangers and
not to open the door if anyone comes and approaches her. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

NEs 22 November 2018 p 4 lines 25 - 27.

When asked about this incident, Shanmugam asked her to be careful because he
is in prison and thus unable to protect Somunainar and his child if anything
happens to them. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

NEs 14 January 2019, p 46 lines 16 - 18

Shanmugam tried to play off his caution to his family as just “general
information” with “no inner meaning”. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

NEs 14 January 2019 p 46 lines 22 – 23.

However, his words ring hollow when considered against the definitive way he
couched the nature of the danger, ie, “someone who will give them problems”
[emphasis added], 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

NEs 14 January 2019, p 46 lines 19 -20.

his conduct at trial and the following exchange: 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

NEs 9 July 2018 p 73 lines 9 – 14.

Witness: I am unable to continue further after this.

Court: Why?

Witness: I feel a lot of---I feel pressure.

Court: You just have to tell the truth. What’s [sic] pressure is that?

Witness: If I were not to follow what I have mentioned in the statement, it is
not me would be affected, the others will be affected.

[emphasis added]

162 While it is not conclusively ascertained whether Shanmugam was told of
this incident after the accused was arrested, Shanmugam was clearly facing
pressure from a particular source. There is no other reason why Shanmugam
would choose to protect the man whose actions directly contributed to his
sentence of life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane.

Conclusion

163 I find that the Prosecution has proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the
accused was complicit in the Drug Transaction by (a) recruiting Shanmugam and
Suief to be his drug couriers; (b) introducing Shanmugam to Suief on 12
October 2011 for the purpose of facilitating an impending drug transaction;
(c) providing the Kenari car containing the Controlled Drugs to Shanmugam on
27 October 2011; and (d) coordinating the transport and delivery of the
Controlled Drugs on 28 October 2011 by providing instructions to both
Shanmugam and Suief. I thus convict the accused of the charge.

164 I will hear parties on sentence.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Terence Chua and Wuan Kin Lek Nicholas (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Public Prosecutor;

Peter Keith Fernando (Leo Fernando LLC), Chia Kok Seng (KSCGP Juris LLP) and
Chenthil Kumar Kumarasingam (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

