Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 268

Suit No 793 of 2018

Between

(1)| Bluestone Corporation Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Phang Cher Choon  
---|---  
(2)| Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd  
(3)| Lim Hooi Loo  
  
… Defendants

Suit No 794 of 2018

Between

(1)| Bluestone Corporation Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Lim Hooi Loo  
---|---  
(2)| Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Confidence] — [Breach of confidence]

[Employment Law] — [Contract of service] — [Breach]

[Employment Law] — [Termination] — [Without notice]

[Equity] — [Defences] — [Acquiescence]

[Equity] — [Defences] — [Limitation]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [When arising]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [Duties] — [Breach]

[Tort] — [Confidence]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy] — [Unlawful means]

[Tort] — [Passing off]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Bluestone Corp Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Phang Cher Choon and others and another suit

[2020] SGHC 268

High Court — Suit Nos 793 and 794 of 2018  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC  
25–28 February, 3–6, 9–11 March, 1 July 2020

4 December 2020

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff in this case is Bluestone Corporation Pte Ltd (“Corporation”),
a company incorporated in Singapore on 10 March 1999 and said to be in the
business of supplying medical equipment and consumables. Its majority
shareholder at all material times was (and continues to be) one Tay Chai
Khiang Henry (“Henry”), who was (and continues to be) one of its directors.
The first defendant, Phang Cher Choon (“Phang”), was (and continues to be) a
minority shareholder in Corporation. Phang was also a director of Corporation
up until 24 August 2018, when his employment was terminated. The second
defendant, Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd (“Healthcare”), is a company
incorporated in Malaysia on 16 February 2004 and said to be in the business of
dealing in all kinds of medical products. As at mid-2018 just prior to the
filing of the present suit, Phang held 99% of the shares in Healthcare, with
the remaining 1% being held by the other director of Healthcare, the third
defendant Lim Hooi Loo (“Hooi Loo”). Hooi Loo was also employed by Corporation
in its Malaysian branch office from 7 May 2003 until the latter terminated her
employment on 24 August 2018.

2 In the present suit, Corporation alleged various breaches of fiduciary
duties owed by Phang as its director. Vis-à-vis Hooi Loo, it was alleged that
she had breached various terms of her contract of employment with Corporation.
The breaches by Phang and Hooi Loo were said to arise primarily from the
incorporation of Healthcare in Malaysia in competition with Corporation and
their alleged diversion of business or business opportunities from Corporation
to Healthcare. Phang, Hooi Loo and Healthcare were also alleged to have
engaged in a “conspiracy to defraud” Corporation.

3 The trial before me was not bifurcated as to issues of liability and damage.
At the conclusion of the trial, I dismissed Corporation’s claims against all
three defendants. As Corporation has filed an appeal, I am setting out below
the reasons for my decision. I will first summarise the case advanced by each
party and the evidence adduced at trial.

Summary of Corporation’s case and the evidence led in support of its case

Background

4 Corporation’s main witness at trial was Henry. Henry held 65% of the shares
in Corporation while Phang held the remaining 35%. The company was founded by
both men; and Henry testified that they were its only two executive directors.
The company’s operations were split into two divisions – medical equipment and
medical consumables. Henry took charge of medical equipment and Phang took
charge of medical consumables. In November 2005, Henry’s parents (Tay Buan Say
and Sg Wang Kim) were also appointed as directors of Corporation, although
Henry claims that they were meant to be “non-executive” directors 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

[10] and p 85 of Henry’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”).

.

The “ground rules” agreed between Henry and Phang for the management of
Corporation’s business – and the incorporation of Absolmed Sdn Bhd

5 According to Henry, when Corporation was set up, he and Phang agreed on a
set of “ground rules” for the management of the company’s business. Henry’s
version of these “grounds rules” was as follows 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

[21] of Henry’s AEIC.

:

We both agreed, if there were business opportunities in the medical and
healthcare industry, made available to either one of us, it would be disclosed
and offered to each other. If not accepted, we would be free to pursue such
interests independently. We were free to pursue our independent interests in
non-related businesses.

6 Henry claimed that in accordance with these ground rules, when an
opportunity to market and sell Sonosite machines in Malaysia came up in 2012,
he had informed Phang sometime about it 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

[38] of Henry’s AEIC.

. These machines were already being sold by Corporation in Singapore. Henry
claimed that selling the machines in Malaysia would have required Corporation
to expand its Malaysian operations by setting up a Sendirian Berhad (“Sdn
Bhd”, the Malaysian equivalent of a private limited company); and that when
Phang showed a lack of interest in doing so, he had “informed [Phang he] would
go ahead to sell Sonosite machines in Malaysia” but that Phang had not
responded. Henry then proceeded to set up a Malaysian-registered company
called Absolmed Sdn Bhd (“Absolmed”), which dealt with the distributorship of
Sonosite until it closed sometime in 2016 or 2017. It was not disputed that
Absolmed was for all intents and purposes Henry’s own company, although he did
not hold the shares in his name, nor did he have himself appointed as
director.

7 As will be seen later, Phang denied that he was informed by Henry about his
intention to set up Absolmed to sell Sonosite machines in Malaysia 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

[104]-[108] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

Medisol Pte Ltd

8 In March 2006, Corporation set up a company called Medisol Pte Ltd
(“Medisol”) offering tele-radiology services in Singapore. Corporation held
75% of the shares in Medisol, with the remaining shares being held by Henry’s
friend, one Ernest Phua Eng Tong (“Phua”), through a company called
Bridgevision Pte Ltd (“Bridgevision”) 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

[35] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry claimed that Phang had refused to get involved in the operations of
Medisol and that he had left Henry and Phua to manage this company.

9 Medisol was sold to RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd (“RadLink”) in 2017.

The Malaysian branch office

10 On 20 March 2000, Corporation registered a branch office in Malaysia (“the
Malaysian branch office”). As Phang was a Malaysian citizen who spoke fluent
Malay, it was agreed that he would oversee the Malaysian branch office 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

[13] of Henry’s AEIC.

. For the purposes of the trial, it was not disputed that the Malaysian branch
office is not a Sdn Bhd; and that not being a Sdn Bhd, it cannot accept orders
directly from customers in Malaysia. However, the circumstances in which the
Malaysian branch office were set up and the objective behind it were a matter
of dispute as between Henry and Phang. According to Henry 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

[12] of Henry’s AEIC.

:

The object of the Malaysian office was to explore business opportunities,
market [Corporation’s] consumable products, and at the same time explore,
identify and develop business opportunities in Malaysia. Enquiries from
Malaysian customers through the Malaysian office would be channelled to
[Corporation’s] Singapore office. The plan was to later incorporate the
Malaysian office into a fully-fledged Sdn Bhd entity when [Corporation] had
sufficient resources, and when [Phang] was ready.

11 Henry claimed that it was Phang who had always been unwilling to expand the
scope of Corporation’s operations in Malaysia. Indeed, as seen earlier, he
claimed it was this refusal on Phang’s part to contemplate the incorporation
by Corporation of a Sdn Bhd in Malaysia which had led him to set up Absolmed
on his own: his story was that when he approached Phang about the idea of
incorporating a Sdn Bhd to market Sonosite machines in Malaysia, Phang had
fobbed him off by saying, “… We are not ready yet. Difficult lah, difficult.”
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

[38] of Henry’s AEIC.

The employment of the third defendant, Hooi Loo

12 A few months after the Malaysian branch office was set up, Hooi Loo – a
Malaysian citizen – was hired by Corporation to work in the branch office as a
product specialist. Hooi Loo’s contract of employment, which Phang signed on
behalf of Corporation, provided, inter alia, as follows 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

pp 54-56 of Hooi Loo’s AEIC. Grammatical and typographical errors are from the
original document.

:

6\. Confidentiality and restraints

6.1 During your employment, you shall not disclose at any time any
unauthorized individual, any information concerning the interest or business
of the company or any of its subsidiary or associated companies or any of
their clients nor make or possess without prior permission, copies of
documents, papers or other media on which such information is recorded.

6.2 Should you leave the employment of the company, you agree not to solicit
customers, suppliers or employees of the company or any of its affiliates on
behalf of yourself or any other person, partnership or corporation, or seek to
hire any employee (directly or indirectly) of the company or any of its
affiliates for a period of one year after the cessation of your employment.

6.3 Legal action will be taken against you should there be a breach of the
confidentiality and restraints

7\. Restraints on activities

7.1 You will not reveal and will not at any time (whether during your
employment or after the termination of your employment for whatever reason)
use your own or another advantage, or reveal to any person, for or [sic]
company any of the trade secrets, business methods of information which you
knew or ought reasonable [sic] to have known to be confidential concerning the
business or affairs of the company so far as they will have come to your
knowledge during your employment with the company

7.2 You will not be allowed to sell, service or support any of the agency
product lines in Bluestone Corporation Pte Ltd or its associated companies
should you leave the company. Should this term be breached, legal action will
be taken against you.

…

9\. Code of Conduct

9.1 As an employee of the company you are required to obey all applicable
laws. You will also practice high ethical standards in your daily dealings of
company affairs.

The breakdown of the relationship between Henry and Phang

13 Henry testified that he and Phang ran their respective divisions – medical
equipment (Henry) and medical consumables (Phang) – independently of each
other 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

[22] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Moreover, as he found Phang “a forceful personality”, he also sought to
“minimise conflict” with Phang by “giv[ing] way” 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

[24]-[25] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Corporation’s business was doing well and turning a profit every year –
until the year 2016, when the relationship between Henry and Phang started to
deteriorate for several reasons 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

[43] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

14 Inter alia, Henry was aggrieved at Phang’s refusal to give a personal
guarantee to secure certain bank facilities, and at Phang’s decision to
declare bonuses for himself and his team in early 2017 before the finalisation
of Corporation’s audited accounts for 2016. When he learnt that Phang had
already encashed his bonus cheques, he took back possession of Corporation’s
cheque books from Phang 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

[43] and [45] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry’s sense of grievance against Phang was also increased by discovering –
from the accounts forwarded to him by Corporation’s bookkeeper, Chong Yok Fong
(“Yok Fong”) – that there was “a sum of more than S$90,000.00/RM300,000.00 in
the Malaysian [branch] office’s account”. He felt “disappointed” that Phang
had not taken the initiative to transfer this sum to the Singapore office’s
account; and in July 2016, he told the latter to transfer S$100,000 from the
Malaysian account to Corporation’s Singapore bank account 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

[44] of Henry’s AEIC.

. These incidents paled in comparison, however, to his discovery of the
existence of Healthcare and of Phang’s and Hooi Loo’s involvement in
Healthcare.

15 In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Henry claimed that he had
previously heard some mention of “Bluestone Healthcare” from Yok Fong and
another staff, Phua Peck Sian Jasmine (“Jasmine”), but had not inquired into
the matter. According to Henry, he had asked Phang about Healthcare on “an
occasion early on” after Jasmine mentioned to him that “there was an entity
bearing the name ‘Bluestone Healthcare’ in Malaysia”, but when Phang “brushed
[him] off” by telling him “you don’t have to know”, he had taken Phang at his
word and asked no further questions 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

[53] of Henry’s AEIC

. As to the fact that Healthcare had been mentioned in Corporation’s audited
accounts over the years as a related party 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

[200] of Henry’s AEIC.

, Henry claimed that he had never noticed these references. He said that he
was out of the office most of the time and had left it to Phang to give
instructions on the preparation of the accounts 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

[197] of Henry’s AEIC.

. He conceded that as Corporation’s director, he had signed off yearly on
these accounts, but claimed that he would sign “[a]fter hearing affirmatively
from Jasmine or Yok Fong [that Phang] had seen and signed off on the year-end
accounts” 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

[199] of Henry’s AEIC.

. He also claimed that he “was not in the practice” of perusing the accounts
unless either Phang or Yok Fong brought specific issues to his attention; and
neither of them had ever brought to his attention the fact that Healthcare was
stated in the accounts to be a related party 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

[198] and [201] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

16 Henry claimed that he only “came to know of [Healthcare’s] incorporation,
[Phang’s] and [Hooi Loo’s] involvement in [Healthcare], on or after 2.2.2018”
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

[47] of Henry’s AEIC.

– after the new auditor he had engaged for Corporation assisted him to carry
out some searches in Malaysia. According to Henry, it was only when he
received the search results from the new auditor that he realised for the
first time that Phang had set up Healthcare in Malaysia “as far back as 2004”,
and that both Phang and Hooi Loo were directors and shareholders of Healthcare
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

[52] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

17 On 9 August 2018, Henry visited Kuala Lumpur together with his brother-in-
law David Loh Mun Choong (“David”), his solicitor Mr Martin De Cruz (who
subsequently had conduct of the proceedings in the present suit), and a
representative from a computer forensics firm. Henry said he was convinced
that Healthcare was indeed carrying out business in Kuala Lumpur after David
reported to him that the room rented by Corporation’s Malaysian branch office
was being occupied by a Healthcare employee and that the “office block
business directory disclosed [Healthcare’s] name, but not [Corporation’s]” 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

[55] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

18 On 8 August 2018, prior to visiting Kuala Lumpur, Henry had already filed
writs of summonses and statements of claim against all three defendants,
although he had yet to serve the papers on them. At that stage, Phang and
Healthcare were named as the defendants in the present suit (HC/S 793/2018),
while Hooi Loo and Healthcare were named as the defendants in a separate suit
(HC/S 794/2018).

19 On 24 August 2018, Henry returned to Kuala Lumpur together with David, who
attended at Corporation’s Malaysian office premises with representatives from
the computer forensics firm and from Corporation’s Malaysian lawyers.
According to David, he had joined Corporation’s employment on 24 August 2018
itself and had been appointed the general manager on the same day 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 4 line 3 and p 5 lines 8-16.

. David served on Hooi Loo a notice of termination of employment and also
extended her a copy of the writ of summons and statement of claim.
Subsequently, Henry met up with Hooi Loo on the same day because he wanted to
hear from her about her involvement in Healthcare. Henry claimed that he
concluded during their meeting that she had acted with the knowledge that
“what she did was wrong” 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

[70] of Henry’s AEIC.

. HC/S 793/2018 was consequently amended to add Hooi Loo as the third
defendant, so that Corporation could proceed against all three defendants in
the same suit.

20 Phang too was served with a notice of termination of employment on 24
August 2018. His laptop, mobile phone and thumb-drives were seized from him on
that day as these were said to belong to Corporation 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

[68] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

Phang’s incorporation of Prius Pte Ltd and Primuz Pte Ltd

21 Henry alleged that it was also after 6 July 2018 that he discovered –
through searches done by the company secretary – that Phang had previously
incorporated two other companies in Singapore 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

[57] of Henry’s AEIC.

. The first was a company called Prius Pte Ltd (“Prius”) which Phang had
incorporated on 18 July 2009. Although Prius had subsequently been struck off
the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) register in March
2017, Henry said he had found four delivery orders issued by Prius to four
entities – the National University of Singapore, Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Impres
Trading and Yong Her Sin Medical Store 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

pp 858-861 of Henry’s AEIC.

; and he contended that “[p]roducts sold or sought to be sold by Prius could
and should have been sold by [Corporation]”. Moreover, according to Henry,
Phang had employed one of Corporation’s employees –Chia Su-Lin Lynnette
(“Lynnette”) – in Prius, and this amounted to “us[ing]” her services “to
manage his business at Prius” 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

[59] and [62]-[63] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

22 Secondly, Phang had also incorporated another company called Primuz Pte Ltd
(“Primuz”) on 9 February 2017. Henry did not produce any documentary records
of sales by Primuz, but his contention was that since the company search on
Primuz revealed its principal objects to be “trading of healthcare equipment”
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

pp 863-864 of Henry’s AEIC.

, it was “in a position to compete with [Corporation] is [sic] sales of
healthcare equipment” 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

[65] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Moreover, Phang had not disclosed to Henry or to Corporation his interests
in Primuz and in Prius.

23 I next outline Corporation’s various claims. With respect, these were set
out in a rather confusing manner in its amended statement of claim; and the
contents of Henry’s AEIC did not always appear to comport with what was
pleaded. The summary of Corporation’s claims below is gleaned from its
pleadings; and I have also referred to the broad areas or issues on which
Henry’s evidence appeared to add to or differ from the pleadings.

Corporation’s claim against Phang for breach of fiduciary duties

24 As against Phang, it was asserted 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

[6] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

that he owed – in his capacity “as a director and agent of [Corporation]”
multiple fiduciary duties, including, inter alia –

(a) a duty to “act bona fide and in good faith in the interest of
[Corporation] in the discharge of all duties, powers, responsibilities,
obligations and functions assigned to or vested in or attached to [him] as a
director of [Corporation]”;

(b) a duty to “serve [Corporation] faithfully and dutifully and not to advance
or promote [his] own or other external interests to the prejudice of or
contrary to or in conflict with the corporate interests of [Corporation];

(c) a duty “not to place or allow [himself] to be placed in a situation or
position whereby any of [his] duties and obligations to [Corporation]
conflicted or may conflict with [his] own personal interests”; and

(d) a duty not to make secret profits whilst engaged as a director of
Corporation.

25 In addition to such fiduciary duties, it was pleaded that Phang owed
Corporation “obligations under the Companies Act Cap 50, under common law and
equity, including the duty to exercise reasonable care, to act honestly and
use reasonable diligence in the discharge of the office as a director of
[Corporation]” 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

[8] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

.

26 In gist, Corporation claimed that Phang had breached these duties by
setting up Healthcare, Prius and Primuz; by using Hooi Loo’s services as a
director of Healthcare; by causing Healthcare to compete with Corporation’s
business; and by making “secret profits” from Healthcare’s business 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

[25A] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. Henry’s AEIC added the allegation that Phang had been “self-dealing” by
arranging for Healthcare to sell Coeur products to Corporation at prices which
were marked up by 15% 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

[104] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

27 Corporation contended that “[i]n the premises”, any “secret profits and/or
profits made by [Phang] as a result of his breach of fiduciary duties” were
“held on a constructive trust for [Corporation]” 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

[26] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. An “account” of such profits was sought. The amended statement of claim did
not explain what these “secret profits” might be or how they might have been
made. However, in Henry’s AEIC, it was alleged that the “directors’ fees and
dividends” received by Phang and/or Hooi Loo from Healthcare over the period
from 2004 to 2016 constituted “secret profits” because they had received these
payments “surreptitiously” and “unconscionabl[y]” while acting in breach of
their “duties of loyalty and fidelity to [Corporation]” 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

[165]-[169] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry claimed that as Healthcare’s audited accounts over this period showed
that they had together received an aggregate amount of RM1,240,000 in
directors’ fees and dividends, this was the amount which should be “disgorged”
from them.

28 Apart from claiming all “secret profits and/or profits made by [Phang] as a
result of his breach of fiduciary duties”, Corporation also claimed the “claw-
back” of all bonuses paid to him over the period from 2005 to July 2018, on
the grounds that it had paid him these bonuses “as a result of a mistake”, in
circumstances where it “did not know [he] was engaged as a director of
[Healthcare], acting for the benefit and interests of [Healthcare]” 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

[26] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. The bonuses to be clawed back were quantified at $675,000 at para 26 and
Schedule 3 of the amended Statement of Claim, but in his AEIC, Henry said that
the total amount of bonuses to be clawed back came to $555,000 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

[180] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

29 In addition, although the recovery of salary payments from Phang was not
specifically pleaded in the amended statement of claim, Henry claimed in his
AEIC that Corporation was also entitled to damages from Phang “in the form of
clawback of part of salaries [paid] out to [him], over the period when [he]
was a director of [Healthcare]” [emphasis added] 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

[178] of Henry’s AEIC.

. The salary payments by Corporation to Phang over the period from 2005 to
July 2018 totalled $1,723,500 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

[175] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry claimed that Corporation was entitled to claw back 80.31% of this
amount, on the basis that an examination of the WhatsApp messages on Phang’s
mobile phone had shown that 80.31% of his messages were with Healthcare
employees while 19.69% of his messages were with Corporation employees 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

[174] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

30 According to Henry, the basis for seeking claw-back of the remuneration
paid to Phang was as follows 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

[190]-[191] of Henry’s AEIC.

:

Remuneration to [Phang] … was paid out as a result of a mistake, on the part
of [Corporation]. If [Corporation] had known, [Phang] … breached [his]
obligations to [Corporation] (in 2004 …), by acting as [director] in
[Healthcare] and competing with [Corporation’s] interests, [Corporation] would
have terminated the employment of [Phang] … at the material time.

But for [Phang’s] … non-disclosure of interests in [Healthcare], [Corporation[
would not have paid to [him] … remuneration in the sum of S$2,529,785.00 [ie,
S$1,723,500 + $555,000] … [Corporation] had suffered a detriment to the extent
of at least the sums of S$2,529,785.00 … caused by [Phang’s] … breach of
duties owed to [Corporation]. [Phang] … benefitted to such extent.

[emphasis in original omitted]

31 On top of the monetary claims, Corporation further sought an injunction to
restrain Phang from “soliciting orders from or otherwise dealing with any
customer or agent of [Corporation] for the supply of goods and services of the
type sold by [Corporation]”, as well as an order “that the corporate veil be
pierced to hold [Phang] personally liable for the activities of [Healthcare]”
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Prayers (6) and (7) at p 24 of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No.
2).

. Henry’s AEIC did not elaborate on the basis of the prayer for the injunction
against Phang. As to the prayer in relation to piercing of the corporate veil,
Henry’s AEIC simply stated that Phang was “the controlling mind of the
business of [Healthcare]” because of his directorship, his dominant
shareholding and “the manner in which [Hooi Loo] reported to [him]”; and that
it was as a result of his “breach of fiduciary duties” that Corporation had
“suffered the losses which arose from the business activities of [Healthcare]
in Malaysia” 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

[193]-[194] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Somewhat puzzlingly, the same portion of Henry’s AEIC also made reference to
Phang’s majority shareholding and directorship of Prius, as well as the losses
allegedly caused to Corporation by the “business activities … of Primuz Pte
Ltd in Singapore” [emphasis added], without elaborating on how these
allegations related to the prayer for piercing of the corporate veil 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

[192] and [194] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

Corporation’s claim against Healthcare for “knowing assistance”

32 It was further pleaded by Corporation that Healthcare had “acted in
dishonest and/or knowing assistance” [emphasis added] in relation to Phang’s
alleged breaches of fiduciary duties 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

[27] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. Elsewhere in the amended statement of claim, it was also pleaded that
Healthcare was “liable to account to [Corporation] as a constructive trustee
for such profits as were made by [Healthcare] and/or suffered by
[Corporation], on the grounds of knowing assistance and receipt” [emphasis
added] 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

[28] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

.

33 In gist, the following particulars were pleaded of the alleged “knowing
assistance” 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

[27(1)]-[27(9)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

:

(a) that Healthcare had “used the services” of both Phang and Hooi Loo;

(b) that Healthcare had operated its business “such as to compete with
[Corporation’s] business” and “made unlawful profits from diversion of
business away from [Corporation]”;

(c) that Healthcare had passed itself off “as associated with [Corporation]”;
and

(d) that Healthcare had used the office premises of Corporation’s Malaysian
branch office without the latter’s consent.

34 Henry’s AEIC cited a somewhat different basis for the claim of “knowing
assistance”. Henry stated that Healthcare was Phang’s “corporate vehicle in
his breach of fiduciary duties”; that Phang was Healthcare’s “controlling
mind”; and that Phang had been “assisted in [his] breach” of fiduciary duties
by Healthcare “where such assistance was rendered in dishonest circumstances”
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

[149] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Nothing else was said in Henry’s AEIC about the basis for the claim of
“knowing assistance”.

Corporation’s claim against Hooi Loo for breach of employment contract

35 Vis-à-vis Hooi Loo, Corporation asserted that in addition to the duties
expressly spelt out in her contract of employment, she was also subject to the
following “implied” contractual terms 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

[12(1)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

:

(a) a duty to “act in the interests of [Corporation]”;

(b) a duty of “loyalty and fidelity to [Corporation]”;

(c) a duty “so long as [her] contract of employment subsisted, not to disclose
at any time to any unauthorized individual, any information concerning the
interest or business of [Corporation] or any of its subsidiary or associated
companies or any of their clients nor make or possess without prior
permission, copies of documents, papers or other media on which such
information is recorded”;

(d) a duty “not to reveal at any time (whether during the term of employment
or after the termination of employment for whatever reason) other than for the
use of [Corporation’s] own advantage, or reveal to any person, or company any
of the trade secrets, business methods of information [sic] which [she] knew
or ought reasonably to have known to be confidential concerning the business
or affairs of [Corporation] as far as they would have come to [her] knowledge
during [her] employment with the company”; and

(e) a duty “as an employee of the company to obey all applicable laws and
practice high ethical standards in [her] dealings with regards to
[Corporation’s] affairs”.

36 In gist, Hooi Loo was alleged to have breached her employment contract by
joining Healthcare as a director whilst employed by Corporation, by causing
Healthcare to compete with Corporation’s business, and by making “secret
profits” from Healthcare’s business. She was also alleged to have “caused or
allowed” Healthcare to pass itself off as being “associated with
[Corporation]” 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

[19(1)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

.

37 Similar to its claims against Phang, Corporation also sought against Hooi
Loo loosely-framed orders for an “[a]ccount as to damages or equitable
compensation for misuse of confidential information, breach of duty and trust,
and conspiracy to defraud … and/or an account of secret profits and payments
of the sums due and/or damages” 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Prayer 7(2) at p 25 of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. The amended statement of claim did not explain what “secret profits” might
have been made by Hooi Loo. However, as noted earlier, it was alleged in
Henry’s AEIC that the “directors’ fees and dividends” received by Phang and
Hooi Loo from Healthcare between 2004 and 2016 constituted “secret profits”;
that the aggregate amount of directors’ fees and dividends paid to them in
this period came to RM1,240,000; and that this was the amount they must
disgorge 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

[165]-[169] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

38 Similar to its claims against Phang, Corporation also sought to claw back
from Hooi Loo bonuses totalling $38,100 which it had paid her in the period
from 2007 to 2015. The claw-back of these bonuses was said to be premised on
their having been paid “as a result of a mistake, in circumstances where
[Corporation] did not know [Hooi Loo] was engaged as a director of
[Healthcare], acting for the benefit and interests of [Healthcare] in breach
of [her] duties to [Corporation]” 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

[14], [19(2)] and Schedule 2 of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment
No. 2).

.

39 In addition, although the recovery of salary payments from Hooi Loo was not
specifically pleaded in the amended statement of claim, Henry claimed in his
AEIC that Corporation was also entitled to damages from her in the form of
claw-back of part of the salaries it had paid her between 2007 and 2017 and
between January 2018 and 24 August 2018. The salary payments to Hooi Loo in
the period from 2007 to 2017 totalled $379,900, while her salary for the
period from January 2018 to 24 August 2018 totalled $26,250 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

[181]-[185] of Henry’s AEIC.

. According to Henry, Corporation was entitled to claw back 84.86% 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

The figure is erroneously cited as 85.86% in several paragraphs of Henry’s
AEIC. The correct percentage figure, based on Henry’s own computations, should
be 84.86%: see [155]-[159] and [183] of Henry’s AEIC. The figures of
807,901.97 and 5,337,087.10 in the table at [158] of Henry’s AEIC are also
incorrect and ought to be 807,901.92 and 5,337,087.05 respectively.

of these amounts. The percentage figure of 84.86%, according to him, was
derived as follows 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

[157]-[159] of Henry’s AEIC.

: Healthcare’s total revenue over the period from 2011 to 2017 amounted to
$4,529,185.13 (converted from Malaysian ringgit) whereas Corporation’s total
revenue over the same period amounted to $807,901.92. The aggregate of these
two sums came to $5,337,087.05. Since Healthcare’s revenue amounted to 84.86%
of this aggregate amount (4,529,185.13 / 5,337,087.05), this must mean that
Hooi Loo “spent 84.86% of her time promoting [Healthcare’s] business against
15.14% on [Corporation’s] business”.

40 On top of the monetary reliefs claimed, Corporation also sought against
Hooi Loo an injunction to restrain her from “soliciting orders from or
otherwise dealing with any customer or agent of [Corporation] for the supply
of goods and services of the type sold by [Corporation]” and from disclosing
or using “any confidential information acquired by her, during the course of
or after her respective period of employment by [Corporation]” 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Prayer 7(5) at p 25 of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. In Henry’s AEIC, nothing was said about the basis on which such injunction
was sought.

Corporation’s claims for alleged diversion and/or attempted diversion of
business and/or business opportunities

41 In the trial before me, Corporation put forward a number of claims for the
alleged diversion and/or attempted diversion of business and/or business
opportunities by the defendants. It should be noted that in Corporation’s
amended statement of claim, only Healthcare was expressly pleaded as having
“diverted business and/or business opportunities away from [Corporation]” 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

[27(6)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

, but in Henry’s AEIC 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

[79]-[116] of Henry’s AEIC.

, he appeared to include all three defendants in the allegations about the
diversion and/or attempted diversion of business and/or business
opportunities.

42 The evidence relied on by Corporation for these claims is set out at paras
79–116 of Henry’s AEIC. Per Henry’s AEIC, Corporation claimed that the
defendants had diverted and/or attempted to divert business and/or business
opportunities from the following companies or entities:

(a) Halyard Health (“Halyard”) (see paras 79–94 of Henry’s AEIC and the
exhibits referred to in these paragraphs);

(b) Novatech Resources Pte Ltd (“Novatech”) (see paras 95–101 of Henry’s AEIC
and the exhibits referred to in these paragraphs);

(c) Bioteque Corporation (see paras 102–103 of Henry’s AEIC and the exhibits
referred to in these paragraphs);

(d) Coeur (see paras 104–105 of Henry’s AEIC and the exhibit referred to in
these paragraphs);

(e) Boon syringes (see paras 106–107 of Henry’s AEIC and the exhibits referred
to in these paragraphs);

(f) Straumann Singapore (see paras 108–109 of Henry’s AEIC and the exhibits
referred to in these paragraphs);

(g) Alliqua (see paras 110–111 of Henry’s AEIC and the exhibit referred to in
these paragraphs);

(h) GloTech (see paras 112–113 of Henry’s AEIC and the exhibits referred to in
these paragraphs); and

(i) Neos Surgery (see paras 114–116 of Henry’s AEIC and the exhibit referred
to in these paragraphs).

43 In gist, Corporation relied on e-mails and other documents retrieved from
the electronic devices recovered from Phang for the above claims. I will not
reproduce herein the documents referred to in Henry’s AEIC. However, by way of
an illustration of the manner in which Corporation’s case was framed and
presented, reference may be made to the evidence put forward by Henry to
support the allegations about the diversion of business from Halyard.
Particular reliance was placed on a set of PowerPoint presentation slides
found in Phang’s thumb-drive, which Henry claimed was a “presentation to
Halyard” 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

[81] of Henry’s AEIC.

. The presentation included statements about Healthcare being part of a
“group” of companies including Corporation and Medisol, about total “group”
revenue (in 2014) being S$8m (US$6m), and about the “group” having a total of
26 employees. Henry charged that these statements were “misleading,
misrepresentations and a passing off”; and that Halyard’s representative Jace
Tan (“Jace”) had become “confused between [Corporation] and [Healthcare]” as
evinced from her e-mail exchange with Phang 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

[83] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry further charged that Phang and Hooi Loo had “used [Corporation’s]
name, reputation and goodwill, to divert and obtain for [Healthcare], the
distributorship of Halyard in Malaysia” in or around June/July 2017, and that
this had left Corporation having to “start from scratch, after losing
everything which was supposed to have been built up for [Corporation’s]
Malaysian office” 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

[85], [90] and [94] of Henry’s AEIC.

. According to Henry, because Corporation had “lost the opportunity to market
and distribute Halyard products in Malaysia” 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

[92]-[93] of Henry’s AEIC.

–

… [t]he loss in revenue translated to the gain in revenue to [Healthcare] from
Halyard sales, which amounted to RM218,509.67 as appears from [Healthcare’s]
Branding Sales Report January 2018 to July 2018 … or RM374,588 per annum
(S$122,815.73 at an exchange of S$1 to RM 3.05 as of 15.11.2019).

At such rate, the loss over the next six (6) years at S$122,815.73 per annum,
for the loss of revenue from Halyard products, caused by the Defendants
amounts to S$736,894.43.

[emphasis in original omitted]

44 It should be noted that having apparently quantified Corporation’s loss of
Halyard business in terms of Healthcare’s projected total revenue from Halyard
sales “over the next six (6) years”, Henry proceeded in his AEIC to frame
Corporation’s damages for the loss of Halyard business in terms of the fall in
the sales revenue of the Malaysian branch office. According to Henry, after
Healthcare obtained the Halyard distributorship in July 2017 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

[160]-[161] of Henry’s AEIC.

–

… sales of Halyard products through the Malaysian office plummeted … [R]evenue
from the Malaysian office dropped from S$76,698.28 in 2016 to S$17,680.28 in
2017, a drop of S$59,018.00 per annum.

… [Corporation] seeks damages for the diversion of business of the Malaysian
Halyard distributorship from [Corporation] to [Healthcare], at S$59,018.00 per
annum for a period of six (6) years, which amounts to S$354,108 (S$59,018.00 x
6 years). But for [Phang’s] wilful default and breach of his duties as
[Corporation’s] director, the Halyard distributorship for Malaysia would have
remained with [Corporation].

[emphasis in original omitted]

45 Henry did not specify either in his AEIC or in his testimony whether, in
respect of Corporation’s claim for damages resulting from the diversion of
Halyard business, the claim for an amount equivalent to Healthcare’s projected
total revenue from Halyard sales (over six years) was meant to be an
alternative to the claim for an amount equivalent to the Malaysian branch
office’s projected cumulative drop in revenue (over six years). Nor did
Corporation’s amended statement of claim make clear whether the two were meant
to be claims in the alternative.

46 On top of these claims, Henry’s AEIC included further assertions that
Corporation was entitled to “general damages” from Healthcare amounting to
RM2,362,718 – this amount being apparently Healthcare’s “profits over the
period 2011 to 2016 … as appears in [Healthcare’s] Branding Sales Report” 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

[162] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Save for stating that this amount reflected “the profit which should have
accrued to [Corporation] over six (6) years from 2016” 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

[163] of Henry’s AEIC.

, Henry did not elaborate on what losses these “general damages” were supposed
to recompense. Nor was such elucidation forthcoming in his testimony at trial.
It should also be noted that in Henry’s AEIC, this claim for “general damages”
was presented as a separate head of claim from the claim for “damages for loss
of Halyard business” 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

[160]-[161] of Henry’s AEIC.

. However, there was no explanation – either in Henry’s AEIC or in his
testimony – as to whether and how the claim for “damages for loss of Halyard
business” had been accounted for in Corporation’s quantification of the claim
for “general damages”.

47 I should also add that although Henry in his AEIC charged that Phang had
diverted to Healthcare business and/or business opportunities from a number of
companies apart from Halyard, it was only in respect of the loss of Halyard
business that Corporation advanced a claim for damages separate from its claim
for general damages. This was despite the fact that Henry cited sales revenue
figures for products from several of these other companies: for example, he
claimed that Healthcare had “managed to achieve sales of RM17,077.55” for
WaterJel R1R2 products from Novatech (citing as his source Healthcare’s
Branding Sale Report for the period from January 2018 to July 2018) 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

[98] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

48 I should clarify that it did not appear Healthcare “managed to achieve
sales” of products from all of the other companies listed by Henry, as there
were several companies for which no evidence of sale or distribution of their
products was put forward (for example, Straumann Singapore and Neos Surgery)
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

[108]-[109] and [114]-[116] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

Corporation’s claim for conspiracy to defraud

49 In respect of its claim against all three defendants for what it called
“conspiracy to defraud”, Corporation had particularised this claim in its
amended statement of claim as Phang having “unlawfully conspired with [Hooi
Loo] and [Healthcare]” by, inter alia, setting up Healthcare and causing it to
compete with Corporation’s business, using Hooi Loo’s services as a director
of Healthcare without Corporation’s consent and without paying Corporation
“expenses in the form of salaries, bonuses and remuneration” for the use of
her services, using Corporation’s office premises in Malaysia without
authorisation, and “attempting to pass-off, deceive and/or lead members of the
public to believe [Healthcare] is that of [Corporation] [sic] and/or otherwise
connected to or associated with [Corporation]” 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

[29]-[30] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. However, in a table attached to its amended statement of claim (which was
not actually referenced in the amended statement of claim), Corporation set
out a somewhat different set of particulars which it labelled “[i]nstances of
conspiracy” 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Table 7 attached to Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. These appeared to consist largely of allegations of diversion of “business
and/or distribution opportunities” in both Malaysia and Singapore, as well as
allegations about the passing off of Healthcare “as [Corporation’s] Malaysian
branch to suppliers and/or customers”.

50 In his AEIC, in respect of the claim for conspiracy to defraud, Henry
simply referred to those paragraphs in his AEIC which dealt with the alleged
diversion and/or attempted diversion of business and/or business opportunities
by the defendants 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

[147] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

Corporation’s claim for passing off

51 In respect of its claim for passing off, Corporation pleaded in its amended
statement of claim that Healthcare had passed itself off “as associated with
[Corporation]” 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

[27(7)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. It also pleaded that Hooi Loo had “caused or allowed” Healthcare to pass
itself off “as associated with [Corporation]” 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

[19(1)(g)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. As for Phang, however, the particulars pleaded of his breaches of duties did
not mention any involvement on his part in the alleged passing off 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

[25A] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

.

52 Corporation’s amended statement of claim did not plead how the elements of
passing off (broadly – goodwill, misrepresentation and damage 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See, for example, Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and another [2009] 3
SLR(R) 216 at Tab 32 of the 3rd Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities.

) were made out in this case. In his AEIC, Henry claimed that Healthcare had
sought to pass itself off “as associated with” Corporation in the following
manner. Firstly, according to Henry, a Google search using the search term
“Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd” threw up a link which actually led to
Corporation’s website 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

[126] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Secondly, the e-mail addresses of Hooi Loo and one Karen Tan (“Karen”, a
Healthcare employee) had the e-mail domain “@bluestone.com.my”, whereas
Corporation employees’ e-mail addresses had the e-mail domain “@bluestone-
corp.com” 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

[128]-[129] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Thirdly, Henry said he had uncovered an e-mail sent by Karen to a
Corporation staff (Jasmine), in which Karen’s e-mail signature had appeared to
represent her to be a Corporation staff (albeit with a Malaysian address) 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

[133]-[134] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Fourthly, invoices issued by Healthcare carried the same Malaysian address,
telephone and facsimile numbers as Corporation’s Malaysian branch office 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

[135] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

53 According to Henry, the above conduct had created “confusion” by giving
“customers and suppliers” the impression that Healthcare was “connected or
associated with” Corporation and that Healthcare “sells the same products as
[Corporation]” 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See, eg, [127] and [137] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry cited an e-mail by UKM Hospital and an e-mail by Jace (a Halyard
staff) which he said showed such confusion. He also cited the evidence of one
Lee Jia Shin, who had joined Corporation in March 2019, and who claimed that
her encounters with hospitals in Malaysia on “many occasions” since her
employment showed that hospital representatives were confused as between
Corporation and Healthcare 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

[7]-[8] of Lee Jia Shin’s AEIC.

. This confusion, according to Henry, was why Corporation sought “an
injunction against the [d]efendants’ use of the ‘Bluestone’ name” 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

[142] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

The alleged use by Healthcare of the office premises of the Malaysian branch
office

54 In addition to the claims outlined above, Henry’s AEIC also made various
allegations about Healthcare having “passed on” its operational expenses to
Corporation by making use of the office premises of Corporation’s Malaysian
branch office 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

[123] of Henry’s AEIC.

. The Malaysian branch office had its office address at Suite 12 of Lot C-1/3,
Jalam Selaman 1, Dataran Palma, off Jalan Ampang, 68000 Ampang, Selangor Darul
Ehsan – a building which parties referred to during the trial as “Weini
Business Centre”. In his AEIC, Henry postulated that it was “likely”
Healthcare had operated from this office address “from either 2004 or 2007,
until on or around 2010/2011”, because Healthcare’s financial statements “made
no reference to rentals paid until year 2010” 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

[118] and [120] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry also alleged in his AEIC that Healthcare had managed in 2011 to take
over the office then occupied by Corporation at a lower rate of rental than
that previously paid by Corporation. Corporation, in contrast, was said to be
paying a higher rate of rental by 2016 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

[121]-[122] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

55 Henry did not explain either in his AEIC or in his testimony how the loss
or damage caused to Corporation by Healthcare’s use of its Malaysian office
premises should be quantified for the purposes of assessment of damages.
Whilst his AEIC did set out a claim for “general damages” from Healthcare, as
noted earlier, these were quantified as being an amount equivalent to
Healthcare’s “profits over the period 2011 to 2016”.

56 I will next summarise Phang’s and Hooi Loo’s respective defences and the
evidence they adduced.

Summary of Phang’s defence and the supporting evidence

The setting up of the Malaysian branch office

57 Phang testified that Corporation’s Malaysian branch office came about
primarily because after Corporation had been appointed by Ballard Medical
Products (“Ballard”) to distribute some of its medical consumables in
Singapore, the latter had expressed interest in having Corporation distribute
its products in Malaysia. Ballard was subsequently taken over by the company
known as Kimberly-Clark Health Care (“Kimberly-Clark”) which later became
known as Halyard. According to Phang, he had informed Henry of Kimberly-
Clark’s interest in appointing Corporation as the distributor for some of its
products in Malaysia, and he had discussed with Henry the idea of having
Corporation incorporate a Sdn Bhd in Malaysia. He had also made it clear to
Henry that if they were to incorporate a Sdn Bhd, he (Phang) would have to be
the resident director since he was a Malaysian citizen then – and in
accordance with the greater liability he would bear, he would wish to be the
majority shareholder in this Sdn Bhd. However, Henry – who had from the outset
been the majority shareholder in Corporation – was not comfortable with having
Phang as the majority shareholder in such a Sdn Bhd 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

[18] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

58 In the end, Phang said he and Henry decided that Corporation would set up a
branch office in Malaysia. This decision also took into account the fact that
at that point, Corporation was “still a young company” which needed to keep
its costs down; and they believed that setting up a branch office would be
cheaper, since it would not be subject to requirements such as the filing of
audited accounts 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

[19]-[20] of Phang’s AEIC.

. They were aware that a branch office “functioned primarily as a marketing
and liaison office” and could not sell directly to customers in Malaysia, but
they thought it would suffice to have this in place as sales could still be
channeled through Corporation’s office in Singapore 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

[22]-[23] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

59 The Malaysian branch office was set up in March 2000. Sometime in early
2003, Corporation was appointed by Kimberly-Clark as the distributor for its
test kits and respiratory products in Malaysia. In May 2003, Hooi Loo was
hired to run the branch office. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

[31]-[32] of Phang’s AEIC.

The following year, Kimberly-Clark feeding tubes were added to the range of
products in Malaysia 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

[37] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Basically, the Malaysian branch office operated as a marketing and liaison
office. Hooi Loo would market the products to potential Malaysian customers,
but if a Malaysian customer wished to purchase any products, orders could only
be taken by the two Malaysian agents, Apex Marketing Sdn Bhd and Nota Tenaga
Sdn Bhd, who would then place the orders with Corporation 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

[33]-[35] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

The Agreement

60 After some time, according to Phang, Kimberly-Clark began to chase
Corporation about its sales figures and to question when Corporation was going
to expand its operations in Malaysia. Phang realised that their Malaysian
branch office setup was not being taken seriously by Kimberly-Clark 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

[37]-[39] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Sometime in 2004, he proposed again to Henry that they should incorporate a
Sdn Bhd in Malaysia. Again he told Henry that if such a Sdn Bhd were set up,
he (Phang) would have to be the resident director and he would correspondingly
wish to be the majority shareholder 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

[39] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

61 Henry was not agreeable to this proposal. Phang asserted that it was around
this time that he and Henry came to the “understanding and agreement” which he
(Phang) referred to as “the Agreement”. In his amended defence and
counterclaim, the Agreement was summarised as follows 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

[12(f)], [12(g)] and [12(h)] of Phang’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment
No. 3).

:

… Henry did not agree with [Phang’s] suggestion [that Corporation incorporate
a separate company in Malaysia] as he felt that [Corporation] should not
expand the business in Malaysia as it had limited resources. In the
circumstances, Henry felt that a branch office would be sufficient.

However, Henry told [Phang] that he could go ahead and incorporate a company
in Malaysia on his own if he wished to do so and if he wanted to explore the
Malaysian market. [Phang] then proceeded to incorporate [Healthcare] in 2004,
using his own funds. However, [Healthcare] was inactive from 2004 to 2006.

Based on the aforesaid, it was the express (or alternatively, implied)
understanding and agreement between Henry and [Phang] that as [Corporation]
would not enter the Malaysian market beyond its Branch Office, both Henry and
[Phang] could explore business opportunities in Malaysia on their own (“the
Agreement”). This Agreement was affirmed on a number of occasions …

[emphasis in original omitted]

62 In his AEIC and in his testimony in court, Phang elaborated on the
Agreement. It will be remembered that Henry had asserted that when they set up
Corporation, he and Phang had agreed on a set of “ground rules” for the
management of the business 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See [5] above.

. Phang too testified that the two of them had the general understanding or
agreement that 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See transcript of 6 March 2020 at p 125 lines 14-22.

–

[I]f we want to set up a business in the medical field, we ought to inform
each other and see whether … we are interested to combine our forces and … me
and Henry to explore that particular business. And if the other party is not
agreeable or not keen on that particular business, we can go ahead to set up
our own business. …

63 According to Phang, this general understanding between them held true for
business opportunities in the Malaysian market as well, where it was agreed
that each of them “could explore the Malaysian market on [their] own” 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

[104] of Phang’s AEIC.

. This was the Agreement in a nutshell, and it came about after he had
approached Henry again in 2004 about incorporating a Sdn Bhd in Malaysia. On
that occasion, he had reiterated to Henry that he (Phang) would be its
resident director, and as such, he would want to be the majority shareholder
in such a Sdn Bhd. Henry did not want Phang to have majority shareholding 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

[40] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Instead, he told Phang that given that Corporation was still a young and
small company, it “did not have the capabilities or resources to be able to
focus on two separate markets” and should instead focus on the Singapore
market 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

[40] of Phang’s AEIC.

. At that point in time, Bluestone’s sales in Singapore were averaging some
$2.2m per year, of which at least 56% was attributable to medical consumables
– whereas the Malaysian branch office was doing an average of $100,000 to
$200,000 in sales per year. When Phang voiced aloud to Henry his worries about
their losing the rights to distribute the Kimberly-Clark products in Malaysia,
Henry stated that Malaysia did not represent a large part of Corporation’s
business and that he did not think it worthwhile for them to pump in more
money to develop the Malaysian market, especially since test kits – one of the
products they distributed in Malaysia – were a “declining market” anyway 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

[41]-[43] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

64 As Henry was not agreeable to Corporation investing in setting up a Sdn Bhd
and/or to Phang being the majority shareholder in such a setup, it was decided
that they would keep the Malaysian branch office “primarily only to handle the
marketing and support with [Corporation’s] Malaysian customers for Respiratory
Products, Test Kits and feeding tubes”. Henry told Phang that if he wanted to
explore the Malaysian market, then he should go ahead and incorporate a
Malaysian company to do so, especially since he was a Malaysian. Phang thought
that in view of his Malaysian citizenship and his experience with sales in
Malaysia, it would be a good idea for him to do so, in case a business
opportunity should present itself 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

[43]-[45] of Phang’s AEIC.

. He thus proceeded to incorporate Healthcare on 16 February 2004. He chose
the name “Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd” because he did not spend much time
thinking of a new name. Moreover, at the back of his mind, he thought that if
Henry changed his mind in the future, they could just “absorb Healthcare into
[Corporation] as one of its subsidiaries or Henry could purchase the shares in
Healthcare” 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

[47] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

65 Phang added that although Healthcare was incorporated in February 2004, it
had stayed dormant for a period of time post-incorporation 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Exhibit PCC-12 of Phang’s AEIC.

. Sometime in 2005, Henry had asked him whether he had in fact incorporated a
company in Malaysia, and he had told Henry about Healthcare while commenting
that the company was dormant and that he should put in more effort to explore
business opportunities for it 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

[51] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

The termination of Corporation’s right to distribute respiratory products in
Malaysia

66 Between 2003 and 2005, the Malaysian sales figures for the Kimberly-Clark
respiratory products, test kits and feeding tubes stayed in the range of
$100,000 to $200,000 per year. In late 2005, Kimberly-Clark’s then business
development manager – one Clara Lee (“Clara”) – announced that Kimberly-Clark
had decided to terminate Corporation’s distributorship rights to the
respiratory products because they wanted a distributor with “a larger
operation and commitment in Malaysia”. Phang felt that this decision to
terminate their distributorship for respiratory products was premature, as
Corporation had only started distributing these products in Malaysia in 2003
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

[48]-[50] of Phang’s AEIC.

. He wanted to appeal the decision.

67 It was around this time that Phang reminded Henry about his Malaysian
company, Healthcare, and suggested that it could be used as “a subsidiary of
[Corporation]” in order to “convince” Kimberly-Clark of Corporation’s
commitment to Malaysia 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

[52] of Phang’s AEIC.

. However, Henry did not want to invest in Healthcare and reiterated that
Corporation’s focus was on the Singapore market 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

[52] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Their appeal to Clara’s superior was unsuccessful. Subsequently, given
Henry’s reiteration of Corporation’s Singapore-centric focus and his refusal
to invest either in Healthcare or in the Malaysian market, Phang decided that
he would put in some effort to grow Healthcare’s business in Malaysia.

The start of Healthcare’s business in Malaysia and Hooi Loo’s involvement

68 Around the same period in late 2005, Corporation also lost its
distributorship rights for the Polymem wound dressing product in Singapore.
Phang had found another brand called Medifoam which appeared to have a similar
product. He decided that before Corporation launched this product in the
Singapore market, he would test it out in Malaysia first. This was because the
Singapore market was “far more demanding than Malaysia, particularly in terms
of quality and results” 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

[56]-[57] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

69 According to Phang, he decided to use Healthcare to sell the Medifoam
product in Malaysia so as to test where Healthcare’s business might lead. As
he had already been working with Hooi Loo and trusted her, he asked her if she
wanted to be involved in her free time in Healthcare’s exploration of the
Malaysian market with the Medifoam product 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

[58] and [62] of Phang’s AEIC.

. He told Hooi Loo that Healthcare was his own company; that Henry was not
part of Healthcare; that he was testing the waters with the company at that
stage; and that the business of the Malaysian branch office remained her
priority 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

[59] and [62] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Hooi Loo expressed interest in being involved, and he then left it to her to
determine how she would manage her time. When the response to Medifoam in
Malaysia appeared positive, Phang introduced the product to Corporation’s
repertoire of medical consumables; and Corporation started distributing
Medifoam in Singapore in 2007 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

[64] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

70 When Phang incorporated Healthcare in February 2004, Malaysian law required
two Malaysian directors in the company. At that point, Healthcare’s two
directors were Phang himself and one Loh Wai Mun. Loh Wai Mun subsequently
tendered her resignation in early April 2007, and Phang invited Hooi Loo to
come on board as the other director of Healthcare. Hooi Loo joined the
Healthcare board on 2 April 2007 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

[66] of Phang’s AEIC and exhibit LHL-12 of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. She was given one share in Healthcare when she joined the board (with Phang
holding the other 99 shares). Later, when Healthcare’s paid-up share capital
was increased from RM100 to RM2,500, Hooi Loo received in 2015 another 24
shares (with Phang holding the other 2,475 shares) 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

[22]-[23] and also exhibits LHL-12 and LHL-13 of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

.

The further development of Healthcare’s business in Malaysia

71 After the introduction of Medifoam wound dressings, Phang added more items
to the range of products distributed by Healthcare in Malaysia. These included
not only medical consumables such as Dentium dental implants (in 2007) and
Coeur CT scan tubings (in 2010), but also non-medical products such as
Chefonic dishwashing chemicals (in 2013) and Nevo cleaning chemicals for
restaurants and factories (in 2010) 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

[65] and [69] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

72 As Healthcare increased the range of products it distributed to customers
in Malaysia, it also employed additional staff; and by 2010, it had an average
of “about 3 [staff], including 1 part-time admin and 2 sales personnel” 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

[67] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Phang’s evidence was that there existed a certain degree of loose
informality in the work duties of Karen, Healthcare’s part-time administrative
staff, as she would help out with the administrative work of Corporation’s
Malaysian branch office as and when help was needed 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

[68] and exhibit PCC-14 of Phang’s AEIC.

.

73 In addition, Phang’s evidence was that if a product distributed by
Healthcare in Malaysia did well, he would seek to add it to the range of
products distributed by Corporation in Singapore. Thus, besides Medifoam, he
also introduced Dentium dental implants and Coeur CT scan tubings into the
range of medical consumables distributed by Corporation in Singapore 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

[80]-[81] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

74 Given that Corporation and Healthcare had the above products in common,
albeit in different markets, there was a fair amount of trade between them in
these products as and when either company needed additional stocks 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

[84] of Phang’s AEIC.

. When required, Healthcare would sell its stocks to Corporation “at a very
slight mark-up to account for administrative costs (and vice versa)”; and
these transactions “were carried out openly” 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

[86] of Phang’s AEIC.

. At one point in May 2018, Corporation had also purchased Sage products from
Healthcare when it [ie, Corporation] was short of stocks to fulfil its sales
orders in Singapore 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

[88]-[89] of Phang’s AEIC.

. The documentation generated for these trades – such as the tax invoices
issued by Healthcare to Corporation and vice versa – all spelt out the name
“Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd” 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Exhibit PCC-16 of Phang’s AEIC.

. Additionally, due to these inter-company trades, the name “Bluestone
Healthcare Sdn Bhd” appeared quite regularly in Corporation’s accounts and
other records; and alongside Healthcare’s name, Hooi Loo and a Healthcare
employee named “Dian” would be listed as its contact persons 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Exhibit PCC-17 of Phang’s AEIC.

.

Corporation’s knowledge of Healthcare and its business

75 This openness, according to Phang, reflected the fact that Henry – and
Corporation – were well aware of the existence of Healthcare, the business it
did and Phang’s interest in it 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

[83] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Apart from his having told Henry about his setting up Healthcare to venture
into the Malaysian market, and apart from the transparency apparent in the
inter-company trades, Phang was frank with all Corporation personnel about
having set up Healthcare in Malaysia as his own company. For example, Jasmine
– Corporation’s part-time bookkeeping staff from 1999 till January 2018 – gave
evidence that in early 2006, when she had sought to clarify with Phang some
payments made by Corporation on behalf of Healthcare, Phang had told her that
“he set up Bluestone Healthcare in Malaysia” [emphasis added] 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

[5] of Jasmine Phua’s AEIC.

. When Corporation’s auditors asked about the relationship between Corporation
and Healthcare (“Whether it was a subsidiary? Whether Bluestone Corporation
owned shares in Bluestone Healthcare? Whether it was a related party?”),
Jasmine again approached Phang for answers. Phang’s response was unequivocal
127

##### Foot Note 127

×

[8] of Jasmine Phua’s AEIC.

:

Phang told me he set up Bluestone Healthcare in Malaysia. If that was a
‘related party’, to treat Bluestone Healthcare as a related party. I informed
the auditors of Phang’s reply.

76 As another example, Corporation sales staff Lynnette testified that in 2006
or 2007, when Phang was planning for Corporation to start selling Dentium
dental implants in Singapore, he had told her that he had already achieved
“some sales results” for Dentium in Malaysia, through “his Malaysian team”. It
was made clear to Lynnette that “this Malaysian team was employed under
another business that Phang had set up in Malaysia, separate from
[Corporation]” 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

[10]-[11] of Lynnette’s AEIC.

and that Hooi Loo too was involved in this Malaysian business. She
subsequently also became aware that Phang’s Malaysian company was called
Healthcare.

77 Phang, Hooi Loo and other witnesses also testified that Phang had spoken
openly about Healthcare’s sales performance in Malaysia at various events or
gatherings when Henry and other Corporation personnel were present. One
example was the meeting held on 5 November 2009 as part of Corporation’s tenth
anniversary celebrations. During the meeting, Phang and Hooi Loo had given a
presentation to all Corporation personnel (including Henry), during which they
had spoken, inter alia, about Healthcare’s success in selling Dentium products
in Malaysia. Phang could not remember if he had specifically mentioned
Healthcare’s name, but he was sure that even if he had not, it would have been
obvious to everyone there – including Henry – that he and Hooi Loo had their
own business in Malaysia: it was a known fact, after all, that Corporation’s
Malaysian branch office did not sell and had never sold Dentium products.
Indeed, according to Phang, it was Henry who had suggested that he give a
presentation on Healthcare’s success in selling Dentium products in Malaysia,
so as “to motivate [Corporation’s] staff to achieve the same level of success
as Healthcare” 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

[92]-[96] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

78 It was in the same spirit of sharing with and encouraging Corporation staff
that Phang and Hooi Loo had continued to speak about Healthcare’s sales
experience and sales performance during the regular sales meetings conducted
for all Corporation sales staff, administrative personnel and engineers 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

[97] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Henry attended some of these meetings. The information Phang and Hooi Loo
shared about Healthcare’s sales was clearly separate from the information they
shared about the Malaysian branch office: it was clear that the Malaysian
branch office dealt with Kimberly-Clark test kits and feeding tubes; whereas
talk about Healthcare’s sales would be about Dentium and Coeur 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

[99] of Phang’s AEIC and [21]-[23] of Lynnette’s AEIC.

.

79 Phang’s position, therefore, was that consistent with the existence of the
Agreement between him and Henry, he had from the outset been open about his
venturing into the Malaysian market with the incorporation of Healthcare.

The setting up of Prius and Primuz

80 As for Prius, Phang’s evidence was that he had set up the company in 2009
to test the market in travel-sized hand sanitisers. These travel-sized hand
sanitisers were not medical products, and Corporation did not sell hand
sanitisers. Lynnette did not take up employment with Prius: she was a 40%
shareholder in Prius, and they had regarded their attempt to test the market
in these travel-sized hand sanitisers as a “side project” 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

[25]-[27] and exhibit CSLL-3 of Lynnette’s AEIC.

. It was an unsuccessful project as they only managed to sell fewer than five
such hand sanitisers over the first few months of Prius’ setting up. Prius
ceased operations in 2012 and was struck off in 2017 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

[112] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

81 As for Primuz, Phang said that he set up the company in 2017 to test the
market in Water-Jel burn creams. He had a friend – one Lim Ming Hok (“Ming
Hok”) – who was already the distributor of Water-Jel burn creams and who
wanted him to try selling these creams 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

[113] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Phang had already tried selling the creams in Malaysia through Healthcare
and found the sales results very dismal (“we only managed to sell to one or
two customers”) 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

[114] of Phang’s AEIC.

. At that point, Corporation did not sell Water-Jel burn creams or any product
similar to these burn creams. Phang wanted to use Primuz to see how the
product would do in Singapore. This turned out to be a short-lived experiment,
as the creams also did badly in Singapore, with gross sales revenue of just
$1,800 between 2017 and 2018 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

[114]-[115] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

The breakdown of the relationship between Henry and Phang: events between 2016
and 2018

82 During the same period, the relationship between Henry and Phang had
started to fall apart. Like Henry, Phang too mentioned the fracas over the
issue of bonus payments in 2016, but stated that from his point of view, he
had not thought there to be anything amiss with preparing a cheque for his
usual annual bonus of $50,000 because his team had achieved sales in excess of
$1.7m for that year 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

[116] of Phang’s AEIC.

. He was taken aback when Henry angrily refused to counter-sign the cheque for
his bonus without offering any explanation, and also when – later that same
day – Henry instructed Corporation’s bookkeeper, Yok Fong, to remove all of
Corporation’s cheque books from his (Phang’s) office. Up till then, Phang had
been responsible for Corporation’s cheque books, and he was not told why Henry
had taken the extremely insulting step of ordering their removal from his
possession. He perceived that their working relationship was becoming more and
more strained but did not at the time really understand why this was so.

83 Because of the increasing tension in their working relationship, Phang did
not speak with Henry when in 2017, Jace from Kimberly-Clark – by then
rebranded as “Halyard” – informed him that their company was not happy with
the arrangements made by Corporation in Malaysia for the distribution of
Halyard’s products. As the Malaysian branch office could not sell directly to
customers, orders were taken by its Malaysian agents; and Halyard found these
arrangements unsatisfactory 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

[71] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Jace told Phang that Halyard would be agreeable to letting the Malaysian
branch office continue to distribute its test kits, as they had no issue with
the Malaysian agent responsible for this product – but that they wanted
Healthcare to take over the distribution in Malaysia of the feeding tubes 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

[72] of Phang’s AEIC.

. As Halyard was adamant about changing distributors for its feeding tubes,
Phang agreed to Jace’s request. In his view, “[i]n this way, at least the
Branch Office retained the Test Kits business and Healthcare could take over
the feeding tubes business which would have ended up elsewhere anyway” 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

[73] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

84 During the trial, Phang testified that he did not talk to Henry about the
above change because by then, he would generally be given the brush-off
whenever he tried to talk to Henry; and in anger, he had decided to ignore
Henry too 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

See transcript of 6 March 2020 at p 72 lines 3-16.

. However, although he did not speak to Henry about this change in the
Malaysian distributorship of Halyard feeding tubes, he did not hide it from
Corporation’s employees 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

[74] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

85 It was around this time that Corporation’s subsidiary, Medisol, was sold to
RadLink 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

[122] of Phang’s AEIC.

. The sale proceeds of some $10.78m were received by Corporation in 2018.
Despite being a 35% shareholder of Corporation, Phang did not receive – and
has to date not received – any part of these sale proceeds. On 24 August 2018,
his directorship and employment were abruptly terminated by Corporation. On
the same day, Corporation’s solicitors also came to the office where they
served him with the papers for this suit and seized his laptop and mobile
phone 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

[129] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

86 According to Phang, he was blindsided by this turn of events 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

[129] of Phang’s AEIC.

. He was also pained by the ignominious manner in which he had been forced out
of Corporation and the false claims laid against him by Henry. Henry had,
after all, been aware of his incorporating Healthcare so as to venture into
the Malaysian market. Henry himself had set up Absolmed in 2013 to sell
Sonosite machines in Malaysia; Phang’s evidence was that he was not in fact
informed about Absolmed and only found out about it in 2015, but he did not
enquire further as he viewed Henry’s setting up of Absolmed as being consonant
with their common understanding that they could each explore the Malaysian
market on their own. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

[106]-[107] of Phang’s AEIC.

Henry had also been aware of all that he (Phang) had done for Corporation.
Even after Healthcare started trading in Malaysia in 2007, Corporation’s
annual revenue from medical consumables had grown between 2007 and 2012, from
$1,385,417 to $2,233,073. This figure had dropped after 2013 when Corporation
lost the Dentium account in Singapore (an account which Healthcare had also
lost in Malaysia). However, Corporation’s revenue from medical consumables had
continued to average around $1,724,486.25 between 2013 and 2016 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

[133] and exhibit PCC-26 of Phang’s AEIC.

.

87 Phang believed that it was the successful sale of Medisol – and the
prospect of having to share the proceeds – which gave rise to Henry’s decision
to bring false claims against him 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

[123] of Phang’s AEIC.

. He felt vindicated in his belief when – at an annual general meeting of
Corporation on 29 August 2019 – Henry declined to pay out the proceeds from
the sale of Medisol. Instead, Henry suggested that there were plans to invest
at least $6m of the cash held by Corporation for “investments” but declined to
give details of what these investments were 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

[124]-[125] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

Defences relied on by Phang

88 In summary, therefore, Phang asserted that having regard to the Agreement
between him and Henry (the only two shareholders of Corporation at the
material time), he had not breached any fiduciary duties vis-à-vis Corporation
in setting up Healthcare and running its business in Malaysia. Even assuming
there had been any breaches on his part, Phang also pleaded reliance on the
defence of acquiescence 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

[29(a)] of Phang’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3).

; further and in the alternative, on the defence of time bar, on the basis
that Corporation’s causes of action had accrued since 2004 or alternatively no
later than 2006, and that its claims were thus time-barred pursuant to s
6(1)(a) and/or s 24A of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

[31]-[32] of Phang’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3).

.

89 As to Prius and Primuz, Phang asserted that they did not compete with
Corporation in terms of the business carried out, and that he had not breached
any fiduciary duties to Corporation in setting up these two companies 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

[28] of Phang’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3).

.

90 Further or in the alternative, Phang pleaded that even if he had committed
any breaches of his fiduciary duties, he was entitled under s 391 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) to seek relief from any liability, on the
basis that he had acted honestly and reasonably and ought fairly to be excused
for any default or breach 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

[30] of Phang’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3).

.

91 Finally, Phang also challenged Corporation’s claims to various types or
heads of damages and for claw-back of salary payments and bonuses 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

[29] of Phang’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3).

.

Phang’s counterclaim

92 In so far as the termination of his directorship and employment was
concerned, Phang stated that this had been carried out in a manner “calculated
to cause [him] maximum embarrassment and create an environment of fear of any
association with [him] in the office” 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

[130] of Phang’s AEIC.

. More importantly, the termination had been effected without any notice being
given. In his amended defence and counterclaim, Phang pleaded that it was an
implied term of his employment with Corporation that his employment should be
determinable only by reasonable notice 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

[38] of Phang’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3).

. He contended that given his responsibilities as a director and his years of
experience, a reasonable notice period would have been 12 months 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

[131] of Phang’s AEIC.

. This formed the basis of his counterclaim against Corporation for the sum of
$192,240 (being his salary and employer’s Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)
contribution for 12 months from 24 August 2018) 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

[135] of Phang’s AEIC.

.

Summary of Healthcare’s defence and the supporting evidence

93 Phang’s evidence provided much of the basis for Healthcare’s defence to
Corporation’s various claims. In its amended defence, Healthcare pleaded that
Phang had not acted in breach of his fiduciary duties to Corporation, and that
it could not therefore be liable for any “dishonest and/or knowing
assistance”. In particular, it was pleaded that the existence of Healthcare,
its business, and its use of Phang’s and Hooi Loo’s services had all been
known to Corporation; further, that Corporation had not raised any objections
159

##### Foot Note 159

×

[17] of Healthcare’s Defence (Amendment No. 3).

. Healthcare also denied that its business competed with Corporation’s or that
it had diverted to itself business or business opportunities which should have
been Corporation’s 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

[17] of Healthcare’s Defence (Amendment No. 3).

. As to the claim that it had passed itself off as “being associated with
[Corporation]”, this too was denied by Healthcare 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

[11]-[12] and [17(e)] of Healthcare’s Defence (Amendment No. 3).

.

94 Further and in the alternative, like Phang, Healthcare also pleaded
estoppel by acquiescence 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

[13] of Healthcare’s Defence (Amendment No. 3).

and/or time bar pursuant to s 6(1)(a) and/or s 24A of the Limitation Act 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

[20]-[21] of Healthcare’s Defence (Amendment No. 3).

.

95 Finally, Healthcare also challenged Corporation’s claims to various types
or heads of damages 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

[17] of Healthcare’s Defence (Amendment No. 3).

.

Summary of Hooi Loo’s defence and the supporting evidence

96 Like Phang, Hooi Loo asserted that the claims brought by Corporation were
trumped-up.

How Hooi Loo came to be involved in Healthcare

97 Hooi Loo joined Corporation as a product specialist on 7 May 2003, on a
basic salary of $2,200 per month (with some allowance payments for transport
and mobile phone). A Malaysian citizen, she was based in Corporation’s
Malaysian branch office. She reported directly to Phang 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

[14] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. As for Henry, although she did not report to him on a daily basis, she
understood that he too was “involved in the strategic business decisions of
[Corporation] and the [Malaysian] branch office” 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

[15] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. She herself was “a mere sales employee” of Corporation’s, had no involvement
in its business decisions, and denied owing it any fiduciary duties.

98 Hooi Loo was aware that the Malaysian branch office “had a restricted scope
due to the nature of its corporate personality” 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

[8] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

: under Malaysian law, medical products could not be sold to end-users in
Malaysia unless the entity selling them was a Sdn Bhd, and had obtained the
requisite licences and approvals from the relevant Malaysian authorities 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

[21] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. As such, although Hooi Loo was responsible for marketing products to
customers in Malaysia, orders had to be taken by the two independent Malaysian
“sub-distributors” that Corporation worked with (Nota Tenaga Sdn Bhd and Apex
Pharmacy Marketing Sdn Bhd), who would then place these orders with
Corporation 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

[10] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. Due to these limitations, Kimberly-Clark was the only supplier which the
Malaysian branch office had secured; and Hooi Loo’s job with the branch office
from the outset was to market Kimberly-Clark product lines. These were: test
kits; respiratory products; and feeding tubes 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

[28] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. On top of her salary, when Hooi Loo achieved the sales targets set by
Corporation, she was paid a commission. Throughout her employment with
Corporation, she had usually succeeded in achieving these sales targets 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

[11]-[13] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

.

99 Sometime in 2007, Phang told Hooi Loo about Healthcare and asked her to
start selling products on behalf of Healthcare. She was not given a separate
employment contract with Healthcare. She claimed that she had the impression
the work to be done in respect of Healthcare was under the auspices of
Corporation 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

[15(c)] of Hooi Loo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2).

, but it was clear that soon after asking her to sell products on behalf of
Healthcare, Phang also asked her to come on board as a director of Healthcare
173

##### Foot Note 173

×

[19] and [22] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. In April 2007, she was appointed as a director of Healthcare. According to
Hooi Loo, this was because Healthcare’s other director besides Phang (one Loh
Wai Mun) had resigned, and the company needed to satisfy Malaysian regulatory
requirements that the company have two Malaysian directors 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

[22] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. Hooi Loo’s position was that she took on the directorship after being
reassured by Phang that she would merely be a nominee director, and that the
allotment of one Healthcare share to her had also been in compliance with
Malaysian regulatory requirements. Her shareholding was subsequently increased
to 25 shares in 2015 when Healthcare increased its paid-up capital from RM100
to RM2,500 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

[23]-[24] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. Her appointment as director and her shareholding notwithstanding, Hooi Loo
asserted that she was “never responsible for the financial management or
business management” of Healthcare 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

[27] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

.

The scope of Healthcare’s business

100 In so far as the distribution of products by Healthcare was concerned,
Hooi Loo’s evidence was that these were largely different from the products
distributed by Corporation in Singapore and handled in Malaysia by the
Malaysian branch office 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

[28] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. Moreover, Phang had told her from the outset to “prioritize the marketing of
[Corporation’s] products” 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

[19] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. She did not think there was “any competition or conflict of interests
between [Corporation] / [Corporation’s] branch office and [Healthcare]” 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

[30] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. As noted earlier, because of regulatory strictures, the Malaysian branch
office could not sell directly to Malaysian end-users and was responsible for
marketing only three Kimberly-Clark product lines. In contrast, as a Sdn Bhd,
Healthcare was able to sell directly to end-users and thus had a wider range
of distributorships. These included medical products such as Medifoam wound
dressings, Dentium dental implants and Coeur tubings, as well as non-medical
products such as Syntech cleaning chemicals (for cleaning factories and
restaurants) and UAL Zymo Biogrow organic fertilisers. Healthcare even offered
rental of dishwashing machines from Chefonic Kitchen Equipment 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

[29] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. Hooi Loo was certain that 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

[33] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

–

… there could not have been any confusion or competition [as between
Corporation/Corporation’s branch office and Healthcare] because apart from the
distinct and different products that each party carried, [Corporation] was
unable to sell directly in Malaysia and [Healthcare] was unable to sell
directly in Singapore … In other words, each entity had its own distinct
market.

Corporation’s knowledge of Healthcare and its business

101 Although each entity had its own distinct market, when a product
distributed by Healthcare did well in the Malaysian market, Phang would
arrange for Corporation to distribute the same product in Singapore. This was
done with Medifoam wound dressings, Dentium dental implants and Coeur tubings
182

##### Foot Note 182

×

[31]-[32] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. According to Hooi Loo, she and Phang were open about publicising to
Corporation staff the favourable sales results which Healthcare had achieved
with these products in Malaysia. Thus, for example, at the meeting on 5
November 2009, she and Phang had given a presentation which included
information about Healthcare’s success in selling Dentium products in
Malaysia. The inclusion of the information on Healthcare’s success with
Dentium in Malaysia was intended to “educate the [Corporation] sales team on
how to introduce and sell Dentium to the Singapore market” 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

[40] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. Various Corporation personnel – including Henry and members of his team –
were present at the meeting.

102 Aside from the meeting on 5 November 2009, Corporation also held sales
meetings on a bi-annual or annual basis, at which the sales staff would update
each other on matters such as market developments and sales success stories.
At these sales meetings, Hooi Loo would update the other Corporation sales
staff on the sales being done through the Malaysian branch office of the
Kimberly-Clark products – and she would also share information about the
products being sold by Healthcare 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

[35] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. There was, in short, no attempt by her or by Phang to conceal the existence
of Healthcare and the business it was carrying on in Malaysia.

103 Indeed, Hooi Loo’s evidence was that it would not have been possible to
conceal the existence of Healthcare and its business in Malaysia, in light of
the regular and extensively documented trading activities between Healthcare
and Corporation from 2009 to 2018. Hooi Loo corroborated Phang’s evidence that
the two companies had regularly purchased products from each other whenever
they were running low on stocks. The documentation kept of these trades
included e-mails, invoices and purchase orders, which made clear the existence
of Healthcare as a separate entity in Malaysia and the fact that it sold
products which were decidedly not the Kimberly-Clark products handled by the
Malaysian branch office 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

[35]-[44] and exhibits LHL-20 to LHL-45 of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. Inter alia, the invoices issued by Healthcare to Corporation clearly
displayed the company’s name, logo and address. The frequent inter-company
transactions involved regular communications between Hooi Loo and the
Healthcare staff (Karen and Diana Low (“Diana”)) on the one hand and numerous
Corporation staff (Daphne Tan, Walter Tan, Yok Fong, Lynnette) on the other.
Furthermore, as a result of these frequent inter-company transactions, the
Corporation and the Healthcare staff responsible for accounting matters – Yok
Fong and Karen respectively – were required to tally the amounts owed by
Corporation to Healthcare and vice versa. While Yok Fong usually dealt with
Karen, she would also on occasion communicate directly with Hooi Loo on these
matters 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

[43(iv)] and exhibits LHL-40 to LHL-41 of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. To sum up, therefore, Hooi Loo stated that “[g]iven the extensive body of
contemporaneous correspondence and intercompany transactions between
[Corporation] and [Healthcare]”, she was “surprised” that the former was “now
feigning ignorance about the existence of [Healthcare] and [her] role in the
same” 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

[45] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

.

The events of 24 August 2018

104 Hooi Loo was of the view that Corporation’s main objective in bringing the
present suit was really “to find something to pin on Phang” 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

[65] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. She formed this impression largely from the events of 24 August 2018; in
particular, the manner in which Henry and his brother-in-law, David, conducted
themselves on that day.

105 According to Hooi Loo, on 23 August 2018, she had received a telephone
call from an unknown caller claiming to be one of Healthcare’s clients and
asking to meet her the following morning 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

[47] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. When she was at Healthcare’s office the following morning, however, it was
David who came to the office. She did not know David then, as she had never
met him previously. He was accompanied by two other persons, one of whom
claimed to be a lawyer, and he told her he was there to serve her a writ of
summons before handing her the document. He told her that her employment had
been terminated by Corporation because she had set up Healthcare “illegally”
together with Phang. He also threatened to confiscate her mobile phone and
computer, although in the end it was not done as she insisted that these items
were her personal property. At the same time, David kept pressurising her to
meet with Henry, emphasising that it was her “last chance”. Feeling shocked
and intimidated, she agreed to meet Henry that afternoon at Subang Airport.

106 When Hooi Loo arrived at the airport, she was confronted by Henry in an
extremely aggressive manner. He accused her of having colluded with Phang to
set up Healthcare “illegally” and demanded to know why Google searches on
Healthcare led to Corporation’s webpage while refusing to listen to her
attempts to explain herself 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

[54]-[57] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. After leveling this barrage of accusations at her, however, Henry suddenly
changed tack. He told Hooi Loo that he knew she was innocent, that Corporation
“would withdraw its Writ of Summons against [her] if [she] talked to the
Lawyer and testify [sic] against Phang”, and that Corporation might be “able
to offer more resources to support [her] in [her] career if [she] gave a
statement to the Lawyer” 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

[58] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. Later that day, David sent Hooi Loo the contact details of “the Lawyer” and
“advised” her to “go for a consultation”.

107 Although Hooi Loo was still feeling intimidated, she did not agree to
Henry’s suggestion that she give “a statement to the Lawyer” and “testify
against Phang”. This was because she found the whole encounter with Henry to
be “at odds with everything [she] knew about the relationship and dealings
between [Corporation] and [Healthcare]”, and she was also concerned that Henry
and David were not acting in her best interests 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

[58] and [60] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. Indeed, even after 24 August 2018, David continued to contact her, asking
whether she had consulted a lawyer and trying to get her to meet with Henry
again 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

[61] and [63] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. When she asked David for a copy of the order of court giving leave for the
writ against her to be served out of jurisdiction (having received advice by
then), David prevaricated, claiming that he had simply “extend[ed] a copy” of
the writ to her on 24 August 2018 and that the “actual [w]rit” would be served
together with the requisite order of court “in due course”. ” She concluded
that both he and Henry were “trying to manipulate [her] to their advantage”
194

##### Foot Note 194

×

[63] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

: “If [Corporation] had a legitimate claim against me, there would be no need
for such theatrics.”

Defences relied on by Hooi Loo

108 In gist, apart from denying any management role in Healthcare, Hooi Loo
denied that she had breached the terms of her employment contract with
Corporation. She asserted that Healthcare did not compete with Corporation: it
did not and could not sell to customers in Singapore; whilst in Malaysia, it
did not deal with the products marketed by the Malaysian branch office 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

[15] of Hooi Loo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2).

.

109 Further or in the alternative, Hooi Loo also relied on defences relating
to acquiescence and time bar 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

[2B]-[2C] of Hooi Loo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2).

.

The issues for determination

110 The trial before me was not bifurcated. As such, Corporation had to
discharge the legal burden of proof on both liability and damage in respect of
its claims against each of the three defendants, whilst Phang bore the legal
burden of proof in respect of his counterclaim. As noted earlier,
Corporation’s pleadings were (with respect) confused – and confusing. Broadly
speaking, however, the issues for determination may be grouped as follows:

(a) Corporation’s claims against Phang

(i) Did Corporation prove that Phang breached his fiduciary duties to
Corporation in setting up and operating Healthcare?

(ii) Did Corporation prove that Phang breached his fiduciary duties to
Corporation in setting up and operating Prius?

(iii) Did Corporation prove that Phang breached his fiduciary duties to
Corporation in setting up and operating Primuz?

(iv) If he did breach his fiduciary duties, did Corporation discharge its
burden of proof in respect of the remedies claimed against him?

(b) Corporation’s claims against Healthcare

(i) Did Corporation prove the commission of the tort of passing off by
Healthcare?

(ii) Did Corporation prove either “knowing assistance” or “dishonest receipt”
by Healthcare in relation to Phang’s alleged breaches of fiduciary duties?

(iii) If Healthcare did commit the above breaches, did Corporation discharge
its burden of proof in respect of the remedies claimed against it?

(c) Corporation’s claims against Hooi Loo

(i) Did Corporation prove that Hooi Loo breached the duties she owed
Corporation pursuant to her contract of employment?

(ii) If she did breach these duties, did Corporation discharge its burden of
proof in respect of the remedies claimed against her?

(d) Corporation’s claims against all three defendants for conspiracy to
defraud

(i) Did Corporation prove the alleged conspiracy by all three defendants?

(ii) If there was such a conspiracy, did Corporation discharge its burden of
proof in respect of the remedies claimed?

(e) The defences of time bar and estoppel by acquiescence

(i) Assuming Corporation could prove the alleged breaches by the three
defendants, were any of its claims subject to time bar or estoppel by
acquiescence?

(f) Phang’s counterclaim against Corporation

(i) Did Phang prove his counterclaim that his employment with Corporation was
terminable only by reasonable notice?

(ii) If yes, what was the length of notice required?

111 I address each of these issues in turn. I should state at the outset that
in so far as the applicable legal principles were involved, these were not
really in dispute: by and large, parties cited many of the same cases. Where
they differed – and sharply so – was, firstly, on what facts could be said to
be proved on the evidence available, and secondly, on how the law should apply
to the proven facts.

112 I should also state that in assessing what facts could be said to be
proved on the evidence available, I bore in mind the reminder by the Court of
Appeal (“CA”) in Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee (administratrix of the estate of
Yap Yoon Moi, deceased) [2009] 2 SLR(R) 918 at [16] (cited by the CA in its
subsequent judgment in Chin Siew Seng v Quah Hun Kok Francis and another
appeal [2010] SGCA 44 (“Chin Siew Seng”) at [24]) that a court should be slow
to place too much reliance on the perceived credibility of witnesses where
there are undisputed facts and/or objective evidence from which the court can
draw the appropriate inferences. Inter alia, and in particular, this meant
that wherever possible, I sought to evaluate the credibility of each party’s
narrative against the documentary evidence and other objective evidence such
as the undisputed evidence of the parties’ own conduct.

113 I address first Corporation’s claim that Phang breached various fiduciary
duties he owed the company in setting up and operating Healthcare.

Whether Phang breached his fiduciary duties to Corporation in setting up and
operating Healthcare

The applicable legal principles

114 Phang did not dispute that he owed fiduciary duties to Corporation in his
capacity as director. Nor did he dispute what generally these fiduciary duties
were. Whilst Corporation pleaded a large number of these duties in its amended
statement of claim, the duties that are relevant in this case may be stated as
follows:

(a) the duty to act bona fide in the best interests of Corporation;

(b) the duty not to place himself in a position of conflict;

(c) the duty not to make a profit out of his position without Corporation’s
consent; and

(d) the duty not to enter into any self-dealing transaction.

115 In Nordic International Ltd v Morten Innhaug [2017] 3 SLR 957, the High
Court explained the scope of these directors’ duties at [52]–[56] of its
judgment:

52 A director has the duty to act bona fide – which means to act honestly – in
the best interests of the company (see Walter Woon on Company Law (Tan Cheng
Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) (“Walter Woon on Company
Law”) at para 8.10). A court would be slow to interfere with commercial
decisions of directors which have been honestly made even if they turned out
to be financially detrimental, but this does not mean the court would stop
short of interfering as long as the directors claim to be genuinely acting to
promote the company’s interests (see Ho Kang Peng v Scintronix Corp Ltd [2014]
3 SLR 329 (“Scintronix”) at [37]–[38]).

53 The no-conflict rule obliges a director, as a fiduciary, to avoid any
situation where his personal interest conflicts with or may conflict with that
of the company whose interest he is bound to protect, such that there is a
risk he may prefer his interest over that of the company’s. The rule is
strict: where a director is found to have placed himself in a position of
conflict of interest, he will not be permitted to assert that his action was
bona fide or thought to be in the interests of the company (Walter Woon on
Company Law at para 8.44, citing Howard Smith Ltd v Ampol Petroleum Ltd [1974]
AC 821 at 834). A director can be in breach of the rule even though his or her
own conduct has caused no loss to the company (Company Directors: Duties,
Liabilities, and Remedies (Simon Mortimore ed) (Oxford University Press, 2009)
at para 14.11, citing Regal (Hastings) Ltd v Gulliver [1967] 2 AC 134 (“Regal
(Hastings)”) at 134 and 153).

54 The no-profit rule obliges a director not to retain any profit which he has
made through the use of the company’s property, information or opportunities
to which he has access by virtue of being a director, without the fully
informed consent of the company. The rule is again a strict one and liability
to account arises simply because profits are made (see Regal (Hastings) at
144).

55 The rule against self-dealing prohibits a director from entering, on behalf
of the company, into an arrangement or transaction with himself or with a
company or firm in which he is interested (see Tan Hup Thye v Refco
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1069 at [29]). …

56 … [T]here is indeed overlap between the no-conflict rule, no-profit rule
and rule against self-dealing. A director who enters into a self-dealing
transaction would inevitably be in a position of conflict and, if a profit is
made, would be in breach of the duty not to make a profit out of his position.
For that reason, the no-profit rule and rule against self-dealing have been
described as particular instances of the broader duty of a director not to
place himself in a position of conflict (see Walter Woon on Company Law at
para 8.45). In turn, there is overlap between the no-conflict rule and a
director’s duty to act in the best interests of the company, “for when a
director makes his interests paramount, invariably he will not be acting in
the best interests of his company” (Walter Woon on Company Law at para 8.39).

Phang’s conduct in setting up and operating Healthcare

116 In respect of Corporation’s claim against Phang for breach of his
fiduciary duties, the key complaints – as pleaded – were that he had set up
Healthcare and caused it to operate a business that competed with
Corporation’s business, and that he had used Hooi Loo’s services as a director
of Healthcare while she was employed by Corporation. He was alleged to have
put himself in a position of conflict by doing so, and also to have made
secret profits from Healthcare’s business.

117 I did not find Corporation’s allegations to be made out. My reasons were
as follows.

On the setting up of Healthcare and the operation of its business

118 In gist, Henry’s evidence was that he and Phang had never discussed the
latter venturing into the Malaysian market and incorporating his own Sdn Bhd
to tap that market. Henry was adamant that he would “never ever” have agreed
to Phang setting up a business of his own in Malaysia: such an agreement
simply did not make sense. Phang, on the other hand, asserted that both men
had discussed the possibility of Corporation setting up its own Sdn Bhd in
Malaysia, but that Henry had not been keen, and had told Phang to go ahead on
his own if he wished. I accepted Phang’s version of events and rejected
Henry’s, for the following reasons.

The “ground rules”

119 By way of background, it must be noted first of all that both men actually
agreed on one thing: at the start of their collaboration as fellow
shareholders and directors of Corporation, they had agreed to a set of “ground
rules” for dealing with business opportunities that might come their way. As I
observed earlier, Henry’s version of these “grounds rules” was as follows 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

[21] of Henry’s AEIC.

:

… [I]f there were business opportunities in the medical and healthcare
industry, made available to either one of us, it would be disclosed and
offered to each other. If not accepted, we would be free to pursue such
interests independently. We were free to pursue our independent interests in
non-related businesses. [emphasis added]

120 Phang’s testimony on this score was broadly similar: he too testified that
both of them had the general understanding or agreement that –

… [T]he agreement, to my understanding, is let’s say if you want to develop in
the medical field … we must inform each other. But other than that, we are
free to do whatever business that … we chooses [sic]. “We” as in me and Henry
Tay 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

See transcript of 6 March 2020 at p 124 lines 5-9.

.

…

[I]f we want to set up a business in the medical field, we ought to inform
each other and see whether … we are interested to combine our forces and … me
and Henry to explore that particular business. And if the other party is not
agreeable or not keen on that particular business, we can go ahead to set up
our own business 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

See transcript of 6 March 2020 at p 125 lines 14-22.

. …

121 I found it relevant that there was this basic set of “ground rules” in
operation between the two men from the start, because to my mind, it lent
credibility to Phang’s account of why and how he had approached Henry about
the idea of setting up a Sdn Bhd to tap the Malaysian market more effectively.
Phang’s evidence, in cross-examination and in re-examination, was that the
Agreement he had with Henry for him to explore the Malaysian market by
incorporating his own Sdn Bhd was in substance an example of their “ground
rules” in operation in the Malaysian context 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

See, eg, transcript of 10 March 2020 at p 42 line 20 to p 43 line 6.

. Importantly, in Henry’s own account of these “ground rules”, there was the
explicit acceptance that their interests in Corporation notwithstanding, he
and Phang would each be at liberty to pursue “independently” any business
opportunity “in the medical and healthcare industry” should the other person
be unwilling to take up the opportunity jointly through Corporation. This was
what Henry claimed he did with the setting up of Absolmed: as seen from the
summary earlier of Henry’s evidence 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

See [6] and [11] above.

, Henry claimed that Phang had been unresponsive when asked about the
possibility of their setting up a Sdn Bhd in Malaysia to sell Sonosite
machines, and that was why Henry had gone ahead to set up Absolmed without
Phang. As also seen from the summary earlier of Phang’s evidence 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

See [86] above.

, Phang denied that Henry had approached him about setting up a Sdn Bhd to
sell Sonosite machines to the Malaysian market. I did not need to determine
the truth of Henry’s story in this respect. What mattered was that Henry’s own
story of how he came to set up Absolmed acknowledged the freedom which he and
Phang each had to set up their own medical or healthcare-related business in
Malaysia if the other had no interest in their pursuing that business
opportunity together.

122 Furthermore, Henry’s own story as to how he came to set up Absolmed gave
the lie to his protestations that it would have been “crazy” 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

See transcript of 27 February 2020 at p 166 lines 22-24.

for him to agree to Phang setting up his own Sdn Bhd to tap on opportunities
in the Malaysian medical/healthcare market. With Absolmed, Henry was proposing
to distribute in Malaysia machines that Corporation itself already distributed
in Singapore. In fact, according to Henry, the Sonosite machines distributed
by Corporation in Singapore had enjoyed “consistently good sales performance”
– a fact which Phang could hardly have been ignorant of, given Henry’s
insistence that Phang was primarily responsible for overseeing the preparation
of Corporation’s accounts 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

[197] of Henry’s AEIC.

. The supplier Sonosite Inc had encouraged Corporation to take over the
Malaysian distributorship of the machines; and doing so would have “enhance[d]
the distributorship position of [Corporation] in terms of discounts” 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

[37] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Yet, according to Henry, not only was Phang uninterested in having
Corporation take up the opportunity in Malaysia, he was prepared to consent to
Henry exploiting this opportunity on his own 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

[38] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

123 To put it colloquially, based on Henry’s own narrative, what was sauce for
the goose had to be sauce for the gander. If according to him it was not
commercially unthinkable that Phang should have consented to his exploiting
the Sonosite opportunity in Malaysia through his own corporate vehicle, why
should it have been unthinkable for him to agree to Phang doing the same vis-
à-vis other opportunities in the Malaysian market?

Reasons for Henry’s reluctance to venture jointly with Phang into the
Malaysian market

124 I would add that Phang’s account of the reasons for Henry’s reluctance to
venture jointly with him into the Malaysian market appeared to me to be
entirely plausible. According to Phang, leaving aside the concern about
conserving finite resources at an early stage of Corporation’s growth, Henry
had simply been unwilling to countenance being part of a venture in which
Phang would have the controlling stake. Indisputably, had both of them agreed
to set up a Sdn Bhd together, Phang would have had the upper hand. As Henry
himself admitted – Phang was a Malaysian citizen who spoke fluent Malay 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

[13] of Henry’s AEIC.

: he would have been the logical choice for resident director in any Sdn Bhd
they agreed to incorporate 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

[18] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Phang himself had also made it clear to Henry from the outset that if they
were to incorporate a Sdn Bhd to explore the Malaysian market, he (Phang)
would – as its resident director – want to be the majority shareholder. That
such a prospect would not have sat well with Henry was quite believable:
within Corporation, not only did he hold a 65% controlling stake from Day 1,
in 2005 he had apparently also gained control of its board by adding his
parents as directors 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

p 85 of Henry’s AEIC.

. (I pause to note as an aside that whilst Henry described his parents as
“non-executive” directors 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

[10] of Henry’s AEIC.

, there was no evidence that they were precluded from voting on board
resolutions.)

125 Moreover, Phang’s evidence (which went unchallenged on this score) was
that at the time he broached the idea of setting up a Sdn Bhd with Henry in
2004, the sales through their Malaysian branch office had averaged only about
$100,000 to $200,000 yearly, compared to Corporation’s yearly sales of around
$2.2m in the same period 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

[42] of Phang’s AEIC.

. It was not inconceivable that given the modest sales performance in
Malaysia, Henry should have been unenthusiastic about the prospect of
venturing jointly into the Malaysian market with Phang as the controlling
shareholder.

Phang’s openness about Healthcare post-2004

126 Tellingly, the parties’ conduct subsequent to 2004 pointed unequivocally
to the existence of an understanding or arrangement between these two
shareholders of Corporation to allow Phang to explore the Malaysian market by
setting up his own company. Firstly, it could not be disputed that Phang was
completely open about the existence of Healthcare, the nature of its business,
and the fact that it was his own company. For example, according to Phang and
Hooi Loo, they had both openly talked about Healthcare’s sales performance on
numerous occasions when Henry and assorted Corporation personnel were present.
Although Phang could not recall if he had specifically mentioned Healthcare’s
name during the presentation given at Corporation’s tenth anniversary
celebration, he was certain that the references to the successful sales of
Dentium products would have alerted those present that he was talking about a
separate entity from Corporation (which had then just started to distribute
Dentium products) and its Malaysian branch office (which did not distribute
Dentium products). According to Phang and Hooi Loo, they would also have
spoken freely about Healthcare’s sales performance and experience during the
sales meetings held for Corporation staff.

127 In this connection, I noted that Corporation made much of the fact that
during the sale of Medisol to RadLink in 2017, Henry had disclosed his
interest in Absolmed whereas Phang had not disclosed his interest in
Healthcare. The insinuation which Corporation appeared to be making was that
Phang had deceitfully concealed his interest in Healthcare even when faced
with disclosure requirements during the Medisol sale process. I did not think
this was an accurate representation of the parties’ conduct. Phang in cross-
examination was unable to recall why he had not disclosed his interest in
Healthcare in the Medisol disclosure letter. Regrettably, only part of the
disclosure letter was exhibited by Henry in his AEIC 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

pp 281-303 of Henry’s AEIC.

: although the disclosure of Absolmed was contained in a portion of the letter
which referred to a specific paragraph in Schedule 3 of the Medisol sale and
purchase agreement, Schedule 3 was omitted from both Henry’s AEIC and the
agreed bundle of documents. Nevertheless, even that portion of the letter
exhibited by Henry indicated that what RadLink required by way of the said
letter was disclosure of the Corporation and Bridgevision directors’ interests
in companies which had contractual arrangements or dealings with Medisol. This
could be seen from the statements made by Henry and Phua in the disclosure
made of their interests in Absolmed as well as in Corporation and another
company named Web-economy Technology Pte Ltd. In the disclosure made in
relation to Absolmed, it was expressly stated that Medisol (referred to as
“the Company”) “has an existing arrangement with Absolmed to provide
teleradiology reporting services to Absolmed at a service fee of approximately
S$500 per month” 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

p 286 of Henry’s AEIC.

. In the disclosure made in relation to Corporation, it was stated that
Medisol had “contractual arrangements with [Corporation] from time to time” in
respect of the supply by Corporation of medical imaging equipment to Medisol,
and the supply by Medisol of medical imaging software and software support
services to Corporation. In the disclosure made in relation to Web-economy
Technology Pte Ltd, which was a company in which Phua (the sole shareholder of
Bridgevision) held 5% shares, it was stated that Medisol had “an existing
contractual arrangement with Web-economy for the provision by Web-economy of
software development and software maintenance services to [Medisol]” 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

p 287 of Henry’s AEIC.

. Conversely, in relation to Healthcare, there was no evidence that it had any
contractual arrangements with Medisol: certainly, Henry did not make any such
allegation during the trial. As such, there was nothing sinister about Phang
not disclosing his interest in Healthcare in the Medisol disclosure letter.

128 In closing submissions, Corporation’s counsel also sought to attribute
sinister undertones to a WhatsApp message sent by Phang to Hooi Loo on 26
August 2016 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Volume 4 of the Agreed Bundle of Documents, p 1637.

, in which he had said: “Don’t forget the objective. Bluestone Healthcare is
here to provide you and me a comfortable retirement.”

129 With respect, I did not see anything sinister in this WhatsApp message.
Whilst it might be true that the message showed Phang’s “motive” in setting up
Healthcare was to seek financial rewards from its business 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

[168] of Corporation’s closing submissions.

(and Phang himself did not deny this in cross-examination), this “motive” had
to be seen in the context of the Agreement between Henry and Phang. There was
nothing disconcerting about Phang hoping to do well “money-wise” by developing
his own Malaysian business: this desire for financial reward was presumably
also what had motivated Henry to set up Absolmed to sell Sonosite machines in
Malaysia after seeing how well the machines had done in Singapore.

130 In any event, even if one were to be skeptical about the objectivity of
Phang’s evidence as to his own conduct, there was ample evidence given by
other witnesses, including Corporation’s witnesses, which attested to Phang’s
openness about Healthcare, his ownership of it, and its business operations.

Lynnette’s evidence

131 As noted earlier, Lynnette – for example – gave evidence that Phang had
told her in 2006 or 2007 about achieving “some sales results” for Dentium
products in Malaysia through “his Malaysian team”, which he had made clear was
employed under another business he had set up in Malaysia “separate from
[Corporation]”. Lynnette was also aware that Phang’s Malaysian company was
called Healthcare and that Hooi Loo too was involved in the operations of this
Malaysian company 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

[10]-[11] of Lynnette’s AEIC.

.

Walter’s evidence

132 As another example, Corporation’s customer service coordinator Walter Tan
Thiam Soon (“Walter”) testified that after he joined Corporation in 2011, he
came to know “that Mr Phang had a company in Malaysia, which is Bluestone
Healthcare” 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 103 lines 23-24.

, and he would interact with Hooi Loo and Healthcare staff Diana in relation
to inter-company transactions such as the purchase by Corporation of products
from Healthcare 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 132 line 9 to p 135 line 24.

and the loan by Corporation of products to Healthcare 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 106 lines 13-18.

. Walter testified that there were “many such transactions” between
Corporation and Healthcare 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 135 lines 11-16.

, in the course of which documents clearly showing Healthcare’s name and
address (such as invoices) would be generated or received by Corporation 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 132 line 9 to p 135 line 24.

. Walter further testified that Phang had spoken openly to him about setting
up Healthcare as a separate entity from Corporation’s Malaysian branch office
and about owning Healthcare together with Hooi Loo 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 136 line 6 to p 137 line 4.

.

133 I should add that in so far as Walter’s evidence was concerned,
Corporation argued that his testimony in court should be rejected in favour of
an affidavit it had procured from him in March 2019 when it sought to resist
Hooi Loo’s application to strike out certain paragraphs of its statement of
claim 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

[92]-[94] of Corporation’s reply to Phang’s and Healthcare’s closing
submissions.

. In a three-page affidavit filed on 14 March 2019, Walter had stated that he
knew Hooi Loo to be the sales manager of “Bluestone Malaysia”, which he
thought was “[Corporation’s] company in Malaysia”, set up by Phang and Henry;
that he had come across the name “Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd” in
Corporation’s “computer systems”; and that he had thought “the name,
‘Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd’ was Bluestone Singapore’s Malaysian company”
225

##### Foot Note 225

×

See [4] and [6] of Walter’s affidavit of 14 March 2019.

. However, in his testimony during the trial, Walter clarified that he had
actually been aware that Healthcare was a separate entity from Corporation’s
branch office 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 110 lines 13-21.

. He explained that he had affirmed the affidavit as drafted because he had
been “quite under pressure” at the time 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 111 line 10 to p 112 line 1.

, having been called up “last-minute” by his “boss and director”, David, to
“go to the [lawyer’s] office to sign the affidavit” 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 114 line 4 to p 115 line 17.

. According to Walter, he actually found the term “Bluestone Malaysia” to be
“rather confusing” because both Healthcare and Corporation’s Malaysian branch
office were based in Malaysia 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 105 line 14 to p 110 line 22.

. He could not recall if he had signed the affidavit before a commissioner for
oaths, although he did not dispute that he had been given the affidavit to
read before signing it 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 116 lines 14-24.

. He asserted, however, that both Henry and David had been present in the
lawyer’s office when he was asked to read and sign the affidavit; and he had
felt concerned that if he did not sign, he “might get sacked or something like
that” 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 115 line 11 to p 117 line 12.

.

134 On balance, having seen and heard Walter’s testimony during the trial and
having reviewed the affidavit of 14 March 2019, I believed that Walter was
telling the truth at trial. As Corporation’s customer service coordinator, he
was well placed to know about the setup of its Malaysian branch office. The
documentary records shown to him during his cross-examination by Phang’s
counsel also showed that he had extensive interaction with Healthcare staff
over the inter-company trades. I did not think it likely that he would have
been so confused as to think that Healthcare was the same entity as the
Malaysian branch office, and/or that Healthcare staff such as Diana and Karen
were really Corporation employees. Furthermore, as at the date of the trial,
Walter was still employed by Corporation: he had nothing to gain – and
potentially much to lose – by disavowing or qualifying his previous affidavit
and by corroborating Phang’s narrative.

Yok Fong’s evidence

135 Corporation’s bookkeeper Yok Fong confirmed Walter’s testimony that
Healthcare’s details had been maintained on a computer system used by
Corporation (known as the “MYOB system”). She also confirmed that she herself
had been aware that Healthcare was a Sdn Bhd and that it was not the same
entity as Corporation’s Malaysian branch office 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

See transcript of 4 March 2020 at p 47 lines 15-25.

. Yok Fong testified that a few months after she joined Corporation, in either
2011 or 2012, Phang had handed her the Corporation payroll table to maintain,
and she would input or update this payroll table according to the instructions
of both Henry and Phang 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

See transcript of 4 March 2020 at p 38 line 23 to p 39 line 21.

. She was also responsible for preparing the pay cheques of the Corporation
staff. As a result, she was aware that Hooi Loo was paid by Corporation,
whereas Karen and Diana – whom she dealt with in relation to the tallying of
accounts between Corporation and Healthcare 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

See transcript of 4 March 2020 at p 43 line 16 to p 45 line 23.

– were clearly not on Corporation’s payroll 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

See transcript of 4 March 2020 at p 43 lines 16-21.

.

Jasmine’s evidence

136 As for Jasmine, the part-time bookkeeper for Corporation, her evidence –
as recounted earlier 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

See [75] above.

– was that she had found out about Healthcare in 2006, and that upon her
querying Phang about it, he had told her that Healthcare was a company he had
set up. Indeed, when she approached him again to convey the auditors’ queries,
Phang had reiterated that Healthcare was a company he had set up in Malaysia,
and that “[i]f that was a ‘related party’, to treat Bluestone Healthcare as a
related party” 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

[8] of Jasmine’s AEIC.

. Jasmine confirmed that thereafter, Healthcare was expressly included as a
related party in Corporation’s accounts 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

See transcript of 5 March 2020 at p 13 lines 9-17.

.

137 Jasmine also confirmed that over the years from 2008 till 2017, she would
send Henry the monthly financial statements for Corporation 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

See transcript of 5 March 2020 at p 14 line 13 to p 16 line 2.

. Indeed, on Henry’s own evidence, this was done by Jasmine at his request, to
allow him to check on the company’s financial health every month; and he would
chase her for these documents if he did not get them 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 68 lines 7-16.

. From the documents produced before the court, Healthcare’s name would be
expressly stated and set out under “Trade receivables” separately from the
lengthy list of other trade receivables. In at least some of these financial
statements, Hooi Loo’s name would also be included as one of Healthcare’s
contact persons 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

See, eg, exhibit D1.

.

138 I pause here to note that whilst Lynnette and Walter might be said to have
been on friendly terms with Phang, it was plain to me that Yok Fong and
Jasmine were loyal to Henry, or at the very least, had no loyalty to Phang and
were not predisposed simply to accept at face value whatever he told them.
Jasmine, for example, made it a point to question Phang about Healthcare in
2006 when she noticed a payment made on behalf of the company; and even after
getting an answer from Phang, she had “clarified with the auditors” and gone
back to Phang with more questions 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

[5]-[8] of Jasmine’s AEIC.

. She had also approached Henry about Healthcare and had on one occasion,
prodded Henry “to ask Phang about Bluestone Healthcare” 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

[15]-[16] of Jasmine’s AEIC.

. I will address this incident later when I deal with the issue of Henry’s
professed ignorance about Healthcare.

Why Phang’s openness about Healthcare was important

139 To recap, therefore, the evidence of these diverse witnesses corroborated
Phang’s assertion that he was consistently open about Healthcare, the nature
of its business, and the fact that it was his own company. This was
evidentially significant because Henry’s version of events was that he and
Phang had never discussed – much less agreed on – the latter incorporating his
own Sdn Bhd to explore the Malaysian market. In line with this version of
events, Henry claimed that Phang kept him in the dark about the incorporation
of Healthcare and/or Phang’s and Hooi Loo’s involvement in Healthcare until
Henry made the shocking discovery for himself “on or after 2.2.2018” 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

[47] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

140 Henry’s story about Phang’s alleged subterfuge could not be believed,
however, when tested against the evidence from assorted Corporation personnel
to whom Phang had openly spoken about setting up Healthcare and who had dealt
with Healthcare in inter-company trades. If there had been no Agreement as
Henry asserted in his defence, it would have been obvious to Phang that the
act of incorporating his own Sdn Bhd to explore the Malaysian medical and
healthcare market would be seen by Corporation as a hostile act – in fact, an
act of competition; and if that were the case, Phang could not have afforded
to let anyone in Corporation know about his incorporation of Healthcare or the
type of business it was doing. Put another way, if Phang had really been
trying to use Healthcare to divert business away from the Malaysian branch
office on the sly, then it made no sense for him to risk anyone in Corporation
finding out. Even if he had not said anything to Henry himself, he could
hardly have sworn every Corporation staff to secrecy. It was easily
foreseeable, after all, that the use of the word “Bluestone” in Healthcare’s
name and the nature of the products it dealt in would at some point have
elicited curiosity about Healthcare from some of the Corporation staff.
Indeed, as seen in Jasmine’s case for example, not only did she question Phang
about Healthcare more than once, she also approached Henry about Healthcare,
and on one occasion, even “asked Henry to ask Phang about Bluestone
Healthcare” in her presence.

141 This brings me to the issue of Henry’s own conduct. Despite Henry’s
protestations of ignorance about Healthcare, I found that his conduct showed
he was in fact well aware of Phang having set up Healthcare and equally well
aware of the business Healthcare operated.

Henry’s conduct subsequent to 2004

142 Although Henry denied that he and Phang had in 2004 discussed and agreed
to the latter setting up his own company to explore the Malaysian market, he
conceded in cross-examination that by 2006, he was already aware of the
existence of “a company called Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd in Malaysia” 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 97 line 20 to p 98 line 1.

. He also conceded that given its name, Healthcare was very likely to be
involved in the medical or healthcare business 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 98 lines 2-6.

. Although in his AEIC he said nothing about the incident in 2006 when Jasmine
had “asked [him] to ask Phang about Bluestone Healthcare in her presence, he
agreed at trial with her account of this incident, including her assertion
that Phang had retorted “you don’t need to know” when asked. He conceded as
well that this response by Phang indicated that the latter “must be involved”
in Healthcare 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 98 lines 7-16.

.

143 Henry’s concessions about his state of knowledge as at 2006 formed another
significant piece of evidence which pointed unequivocally to an understanding
or arrangement between him and Phang to allow the latter to explore the
Malaysian market by incorporating his own company. If there had been no such
understanding (or as Phang called it, “the Agreement”), it was unbelievable
that Henry would have reacted to information about the existence of a
Malaysian company called “Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd” with such bland
equanimity – especially when he recognised that it was in the same
medical/healthcare business as Corporation and its Malaysian branch office. I
would add that although Phang did not recall having said “you don’t need to
know” when Henry brought Healthcare up in Jasmine’s presence, if he had in
fact made such an apparently offhand answer, then Henry’s undisputed passivity
and inaction following such answer provided further proof of the existence of
the Agreement. Why else would he have been so blasé about his fellow
shareholder and director’s apparent involvement in this Malaysian company with
a similar name and an apparently similar business – if not for the Agreement?

144 I found it telling, moreover, that in his amended reply and defence to
Phang’s defence and counterclaim, Henry had pleaded all along that he was
“unaware of [Healthcare’s] incorporation and/or its existence and trade until
on or around 2.2.2018” 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

[2] of Corporation’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim of 1st Defendant
(Amendment No. 3).

. There was no mention of his having been told of Healthcare by Jasmine in
2006 and/or of his having asked Phang about Healthcare in her presence at that
juncture. This omission seemed to me quite misleading, especially given the
information he would have gleaned from the exchanges with Jasmine and with
Phang (which he himself conceded in cross-examination). In his AEIC, Henry
appeared to realise that he could not avoid acknowledging the exchange with
Phang in 2006, since it had taken place at Jasmine’s prodding and in her
presence. However, he made only a cursory reference to the incident in his
AEIC (“Jasmine Phua mentioned the name Bluestone Healthcare at an early stage”
249

##### Foot Note 249

×

[47] of Henry’s AEIC.

). He also sought in his AEIC to suggest that 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

[47] of Henry’s AEIC.

although he had become aware of “the existence of an entity known as Bluestone
Healthcare” at this “early stage”, it was only “around June 2017” that he came
to know about its “trade activities with [Corporation]” – and only on or after
2 February 2018 that he came to know of “[Healthcare’s] incorporation,
[Phang’s] and [Hooi Loo’s] involvement”. This attempt to suggest a fragmented
and belated state of awareness on his part about Healthcare was refuted by the
admissions he himself made in cross-examination (see above at [142]).

145 In his AEIC, Henry had also alleged that he only noticed the name
“Bluestone Healthcare” appearing in Corporation’s “trade receivables list”
sometime around 2017, and that Yok Fong too had mentioned the name “Bluestone
Healthcare” to him in “mid/late-2017” in connection with some erroneous
payments from customers in Malaysia 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

[47]-[48] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Even then, he claimed it took him until January 2018 to get help from the
new auditors to carry out searches on “Bluestone Healthcare in Malaysia” 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

[50] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Clearly, the impression he sought to give in his AEIC was that he had never
seen Healthcare mentioned in Corporation’s financial and accounting records up
until 2017.

146 I found the above narrative equally unbelievable. As one of the directors
of Corporation, Henry was responsible for signing off on its yearly audited
accounts; and despite his attempt in his AEIC to profess a general lack of
familiarity with these accounts, he admitted in cross-examination that he knew
he had fairly onerous responsibilities as a director vis-à-vis the preparation
of these accounts 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 40 lines 9-20. It should be noted that
in these proceedings, Corporation only disclosed audited accounts for the
years 2012 to 2018. No explanation was offered by Corporation as to why its
audited accounts for the earlier years were not disclosed.

. I found it unbelievable that in reviewing and signing off on these audited
accounts, he would have failed to notice the inclusion of “Bluestone
Healthcare Sdn Bhd” as a related party. In cross-examination, Henry’s attempts
to deny awareness of the mention of Healthcare in the accounts became so
desperate as to amount to obvious lies. He claimed for example that when
reading the accounts, he would only look at a few items such as the company’s
cash balance and he would not notice other items such as the related party
transactions 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 52 line 15 to p 56 line 12.

. When it was pointed out to him that in some of the accounts, the related
party transactions appeared immediately above the item “cash at bank”, he said
he “cannot remember at all” whether he would have noticed the information on
related party transactions 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 54 lines 2-15.

.

147 Despite his avowed lack of involvement in Corporation’s financial matters,
Henry also could not deny that over the years, from at least 2008 till 2017,
he had – at his own request – received monthly financial statements from
Jasmine. Inter alia, these monthly financial statements were meant to enable
Henry to monitor Corporation’s trade receivables and to follow up on their
payment where necessary. Moreover, despite Henry’s claims about having had
nothing to do with consumables in Corporation, it was apparent from the
monthly financial statements sent to him that his interest in matters such as
trade receivables extended to the consumables division. Lynnette – who was a
consumables sales staff – also gave evidence that in 2013/2014, Henry had
spoken to her fortnightly “about late or outstanding payments from customers”,
and it was clear to her Henry was “familiar with, or at least aware of, the
sales, accounts and customers of the medical consumables division of
[Corporation]” 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

[24] of Lynnette’s AEIC.

. An examination of the monthly financial statements also showed that
Healthcare was specifically listed under trade receivables: usually,
Healthcare’s name would appear on a separate page either on its own or
together with the name of Corporation’s Malaysian agent (Apex Marketing Sdn
Bhd) 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

See, eg, exhibit D1.

. In the circumstances, I found it incredible that despite having received and
read these monthly financial statements over the course of at least a decade,
Henry should have managed not to notice Healthcare’s name in that entire
period.

148 In my view, the evidence of his own witnesses and documentary records
demonstrated that by 2006 at the very least, Henry was fully aware of
Healthcare, its business, and Phang’s role in it. The misleading statement in
his amended reply and defence to Phang’s defence and counterclaim that he was
“unaware of [Healthcare’s] incorporation and/or its existence and trade until
on or around 2.2.2018”, as well as the vague and evasive manner in which he
alluded in his AEIC to his knowledge of Healthcare, indicated that he was
conscious of the damage that would result to his case from evidence of such
knowledge.

149 Based on his own evidence, Henry took no steps either to investigate or to
object to Healthcare’s activities and Phang’s involvement in those activities,
until January 2018. As an aside, I should state that I disbelieved Henry’s
claim that he had habitually tried to avoid conflict with Phang because of
Phang’s “forceful” personality. Henry’s own conduct – for example, in ordering
the removal of Corporation’s cheque books from Phang’s possession after being
angered by the latter’s approval of bonus payments – demonstrated that he was
well able to make his objections to Phang’s behavior known.

My findings

150 Given my finding above on the state of his knowledge, Henry’s prolonged
inaction formed another important piece of evidence which supported Phang’s
assertion about the existence of the Agreement. In coming to this conclusion,
I found it helpful to refer to the judgment in Chin Siew Seng ([112] supra).
In that case, the appellant (“Chin”) was a director and minority shareholder
of the company Seaspan Agencies. The respondent (“Quah”) was also a director
as well as the majority shareholder. On 11 October 2005, Chin told Quah that
he was resigning as a director of Seaspan Agencies and incorporating a new
company to carry on the ship-brokering business which he had been in charge of
managing in Seaspan Agencies. On 13 October 2005, Chin incorporated a new
company, which he named Seaspan Singapore and in which he and one Joanne Ho
(“Ho”, his fellow director from Seaspan Agencies) were the directors. However,
Chin and Ho remained as directors of Seaspan Agencies. They officially
tendered their written resignations as directors of Seaspan Agencies on 9
February 2006. Seaspan Agencies subsequently sued Chin for (inter alia) breach
of his duties as a director of Seaspan Agencies by allegedly diverting to
Seaspan Singapore the ship-brokering commissions earned in respect of
contracts entered into by Seaspan Agencies or Seaspan Singapore for the period
when Chin was a director of Seaspan Agencies. At first instance, the trial
judge rejected Chin’s assertion that Seaspan Singapore was entitled to the
commissions on the basis of an express agreement between him and Quah. On
appeal, the CA reversed the trial judge’s finding and held that “the
documentary evidence and subsequent conduct of the parties (Quah’s, in
particular) … points unequivocally to some kind of arrangement or settlement
between the then shareholders of Seaspan Agencies to sever the ship-brokering
… businesses sometime in October 2005, freeing Chin to start his own business
and permitting Ho to join Chin” (at [26]). Inter alia, the CA found it
significant (at [27]) that “… during the entire four-month period Chin was
carrying on business under Seaspan Singapore while still a director of Seaspan
Agencies, Quah appears not to have protested about this despite being aware
that Chin was conducting business under Seaspan Singapore and that there was
no longer any ship-brokering business coming into Seaspan Agencies after 13
October 2005”.

151 The CA also pointed out that the “undisputed subsequent conduct of the
parties” – in particular, the distribution of the cash surplus of Seaspan
Agencies – was “entirely consistent with the existence of an agreement that
the businesses would be split in October 2005 and that Chin was free to pursue
his own ship-brokering business” (at [28]). In the premises, the CA held that
–

… all the directors and shareholders of Seaspan Agencies knew and consented to
Seaspan Singapore’s receipt of ship-brokering commissions for the period
between 11 October 2005 and 9 February 2006. Chin and Ho were not, in the
prevailing circumstances, in breach of their duties to Seaspan Agencies with
respect to the claim for the diversion of ship-brokering commissions and
business opportunities during that period.

152 In Tuitiongenius Pte Ltd v Toh Yew Keat and another [2020] SGCA 103
(“Tuitiongenius”), the appellant company was a joint venture between the first
respondent (“Mr Toh”) and one Keng Yew Huat (“Mr Keng”). After setting up the
appellant company together with Mr Keng, Mr Toh first set up a sole
proprietorship called Economics at Tuitiongenius (“ETG”), which he
subsequently replaced by incorporating a company called Economics at
Tuitiongenius Pte Ltd (“ETGPL”). Both the appellant and ETGPL were in the
business of providing private tuition services. The appellant sued Mr Toh,
alleging that Mr Toh had breached (inter alia) his fiduciary duties as its
director in conducting a competing private tuition business through ETG and
later ETGPL (“the ETG Entities”). The trial judge rejected the appellant’s
claims and found that there was no breach of any fiduciary duties by Mr Toh
because the parties had a subsequent oral agreement (“the Oral Agreement”)
that Mr Toh could continue to run his own private tuition business through the
ETG Entities – and to retain the revenue thus generated (at [15]). On appeal,
the CA upheld the trial judge’s findings. As the CA noted in its judgment (at
[60]), the appellant’s case rested on the proposition that Mr Keng had been
unaware of the use of the ETG Entities by Mr Toh to run his own private
tuition business, but the trial judge had found that Mr Keng in fact knew
about the ETG Entities: Mr Toh was transparent about setting them up, and the
trial judge further accepted Mr Toh’s evidence that Mr Keng had encouraged him
to set up these entities (at [27]). The CA affirmed these findings, stating
(at [60]):

… Given the agreement between Mr Keng and Mr Toh, who were the promoters of
the appellant, as to the basis on which the appellant’s and Mr Toh’s
respective businesses would co-exist under the Oral Agreements, there cannot
be any question of Mr Toh acting in breach of his fiduciary duties in running
his private tuition business through the ETG Entities. In doing this, he was
acting in line with what had been agreed.

153 I found these two cases to be helpful as they illustrated the operation of
the principle that a fiduciary such as a director “cannot act for his own
benefit without the informed consent of his principal” [emphasis in original]
(at [60] of Tuitiongenius). In Chin Siew Seng, the directors and shareholders
of Seaspan Agencies were found to have known and consented to Seaspan
Singapore’s receipt of all ship-brokering commissions during the four-month
period from October 2005 to February 2006. In Tuitiongenius, Mr Keng and Mr
Toh – who were the directors and equal shareholders of the appellant – were
found to have made an oral agreement for the latter to continue running his
own private tuition business through the ETG Entities. As the CA noted in Ho
Kang Peng v Scintronix Corp Ltd (formerly known as TTL Holdings Ltd) [2014] 3
SLR 329 (“Scintronix”, at [52] and [59]), either the “informal assent of all
the directors of a company” or the “unanimous, or at the very least majority
agreement of the shareholders” [emphasis in original omitted] would suffice to
release a director from his obligations to the company.

154 Applying these general principles to the present case, I found that as at
2004, Henry and Phang had – as the shareholders and directors of Corporation –
agreed to Phang setting up his own company to tap on the Malaysian market. In
the result, Phang was not in breach of his duties to Corporation with respect
to the claims for setting up a competing business and for diversion of
business or business opportunities to Healthcare.

Whether Phang breached his fiduciary duties to Corporation in having
Healthcare take over the distributorship of Halyard feeding tubes in July 2017

155 In respect of Corporation’s claims against Phang for diversion of business
or business opportunities to Healthcare, I should address separately the
allegations concerning the transfer from Corporation to Healthcare of the
distributorship rights for Halyard (formerly Kimberly-Clark) feeding tubes,
since Henry’s AEIC dealt with these allegations in some detail.

156 In my view, the Agreement between Henry and Phang would cover the transfer
of the distributorship for Halyard feeding tubes from Corporation to
Healthcare. It must be remembered that the Agreement came about after Phang
sought unsuccessfully to persuade Henry that they should join forces to set up
a Sdn Bhd in Malaysia so as to exploit the Malaysian market more effectively
258

##### Foot Note 258

×

See [60]-[63] above.

. After Kimberly-Clark (the predecessor to Halyard) decided to terminate
Corporation’s distributorship rights to its respiratory products in Malaysia
in late 2005, Henry must have been aware that retaining the Malaysian branch
office instead of setting up a Sdn Bhd carried the risk of Corporation losing
distributorship rights to other product lines. Nevertheless, for his own
reasons, he was unwilling to have Corporation set up a Sdn Bhd in which Phang
would be the controlling shareholder. It was against this backdrop that the
Agreement between the two men came about. As I have also noted, it was
interesting that shortly after Phang’s incorporation of Healthcare in 2004,
Henry apparently consolidated his control over the Corporation board by
getting his parents appointed to the board. In the premises, I found that the
risk of the Malaysian branch office losing other distributorships – and the
possibility of these distributorships going to Healthcare – were matters
within the contemplation of both men at the time of the Agreement.

157 In this connection, it was pertinent to note that while Phang agreed that
their deteriorating relationship in 2017 meant that he did not talk to Henry
about Halyard’s plans to transfer the distributorship, he (Phang) took no
steps to conceal the transfer of the Halyard distributorship from
Corporation’s personnel. Even Walter, who was a customer service coordinator
and not a sales staff, was aware that by 2017 Healthcare was distributing
Halyard’s feeding tubes 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 139 lines 7-16.

. Again, this lack of concealment on Phang’s part was consistent with his case
about the existence of the Agreement and his consequent belief that he had
nothing to hide in relation to Healthcare’s business activities.

158 However, even assuming for the sake of argument that Corporation could
establish Phang had placed himself in a position of conflict of interests,
Corporation’s case could not stop there. This was a non-bifurcated trial,
which meant that Corporation bore the burden of proving both Phang’s liability
for the alleged breaches of duties and the quantum of the loss or damage it
claimed to have suffered as a result of such breaches. In respect of the
latter, the following observations by the High Court in Smile Inc Dental
Surgeons Pte Ltd v OP3 International Pte Ltd [2020] 3 SLR 1234 (“Smile Inc
(HC)”, judgment upheld on appeal) were particularly apposite (at [7]–[8]):

7 It is trite law that the plaintiff bears the burden of proving each head of
claim on the balance of probabilities. To meet this standard of proof, the
plaintiff cannot merely assert that it has suffered a loss. Instead, each head
of claim must necessarily be backed by evidence, whether documentary, oral or
otherwise. Without any such evidence, the claim will not be established on the
balance of probabilities, and the plaintiff’s claim will fail.

8 Where no evidence is furnished by the plaintiff to back its head of claim,
there is strictly speaking no burden on the defendant to raise any objection.
…

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

159 In the present case, Corporation’s claim for monetary compensation flowing
from Healthcare’s acquisition of the distributorship for feeding tubes was
extremely confused. Firstly, as I noted earlier 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

See [44] above.

, Henry in his AEIC appeared to vacillate between quantifying Corporation’s
loss of Halyard business in terms of Healthcare’s projected total revenue from
Halyard sales “over the next six (6) years” and in terms of the fall in the
sales revenue of the Malaysian branch office.

160 Secondly, there was no coherent explanation provided by Henry or anybody
else as to the proposed six-year period for computing Corporation’s losses. In
cross-examination, Henry conceded that the distributorship agreements with
Halyard were typically for a two-year period and that it was likely Halyard
would have terminated this distributorship agreement anyway if “sales [were]
really bad” 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 184 line 17 to p 186 line 4.

. There was thus no basis at all for Corporation to claim that its losses
should be computed over a six-year period.

161 Thirdly, in its closing submissions, Corporation made the startling
argument that its losses should be measured by Healthcare’s post-tax profits
from 2011 to 2016 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

[243] of Corporation’s closing submissions.

. This made no sense because Healthcare only started selling the Halyard
feeding tubes from July 2017. Moreover, the figures for the post-tax profits
were in respect of Healthcare’s sales between 2011 and 2016 of all its
products – and not just Halyard feeding-tube products. Even more oddly, even
as Corporation put forward this claim for losses sustained as a result of
Healthcare’s acquisition of the distributorship, it also continued to maintain
a separate claim for disgorgement of secret profits.

162 Fourthly, even if one were to try to quantify Corporation’s losses in
terms of the fall in the sales revenue of the Malaysian branch office, the
computations put forward by Henry were (with respect) plainly nonsensical. For
one, as I have noted, there was no coherent explanation as to why the losses
should be computed over a six-year period. More importantly, Henry relied on
gross revenue figures which – as he admitted in cross-examination – did not
take into account the cost of sales and other overhead expenses that would
have had to be incurred to earn the revenue. Indeed, as he admitted in cross-
examination, this method of computation was “[i]n hindsight … not a fair
claim” 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 186 line 11 to p 187 line 2.

.

163 For the above reasons, I concluded that even if I were to accept that
Phang had breached the no-conflict rule by agreeing to have Healthcare take on
the distributorship for Halyard feeding tubes, Corporation was unable to prove
the measure of its resulting losses. It therefore failed in its claim for
compensation in relation to the loss by the Malaysian branch office of the
Halyard distributorship.

Whether Phang breached his fiduciary duties to Corporation in making use of
Hooi Loo’s services in Healthcare

164 The other breach of fiduciary duties pleaded against Phang related to his
making use of Hooi Loo’s services in Healthcare 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

[25A] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. It will be remembered that Hooi Loo remained a Corporation employee until 24
August 2018. Corporation contended that in asking her to join Healthcare
whilst she remained a Corporation employee, Phang was in breach of his duty to
act in Corporation’s best interests.

165 As a preliminary point, I noted that in his AEIC, Phang stated that when
he asked Hooi Loo if she was interested in being involved in Healthcare, he
had “made it clear to [her] that she should prioritise the business of
[Corporation’s] Branch Office, and that her work for Healthcare … should only
be done during her downtime” 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

[62] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Hooi Loo herself asserted that her performance as a Corporation employee did
not suffer as a result of her involvement in Healthcare 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

[13] and [30] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

.

166 Whether Hooi Loo’s involvement in Healthcare was at the expense of her
duties to Corporation would be a matter relevant to the question of whether
Corporation could prove any loss or damage to itself. It would not, however,
be relevant to the question of Phang’s liability for breach of his fiduciary
duties in asking Hooi Loo to join Healthcare. In Griffin Travel Pte Ltd v
Nagender Rao Chilkuri and others [2014] SGHC 205 (“Griffin Travel”), for
example, the plaintiff company sued (inter alia) its former managing director
(“Nagender”) for breach of his fiduciary duties which included instructing the
Plaintiff’s staff (one Piyush) to perform certain accounting and
administrative tasks for his own company (“QRS”). The High Court held that
Nagender did breach his fiduciary duties in instructing Piyush to perform
tasks for QRS (at [333]):

… A director of a company is not entitled to treat the company’s employees as
if they were his own, and make use of them for his private benefit. While
Nagender’s breach in this regard did not cause the Plaintiff any loss, as
Piyush himself has admitted that his activities were not done at the expense
of his duties to the Plaintiff, this does not mean that it was proper for
Nagender to have done so.

167 It should be added that in Griffin Travel, in so far as Nagender’s use of
Piyush’s services was concerned, the High Court ultimately declined to make
any order for damages to be assessed (or for any other remedy), as the
plaintiff failed to demonstrate that the breach in question had caused it any
loss (at [418(a)].

The applicable legal principles

168 In any event, in respect of the question of his liability for breach of
fiduciary duties in getting Hooi Loo involved in Healthcare, what Phang
actually pleaded was that it had been done with Corporation’s consent and/or
knowledge 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

[29(f)] of Phang’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3).

. I have earlier alluded to the CA’s judgment in Scintronix ([153] supra),
where it noted that as a matter of general principle in company law, either
the “informal assent of all the directors of a company” or the “unanimous, or
at the very least majority agreement of the shareholders” [emphasis in
original omitted] would suffice to release a director from his obligations to
the company. In Innovative Corp Pte Ltd v Ow Chun Ming and another [2020] 3
SLR 943, the High Court cited the principles articulated by the CA in
Scintronix when it held (at [101]) that –

An informal assent of all the shareholders may be sufficient to effectively
ratify a director’s breach of his fiduciary duties. The proprietary interests
of shareholders entitle them as a general body to be regarded as the company
when questions of the duties of directors arise. If, as a general body, they
authorise or ratify a particular action of the directors, there can be no
challenge to the validity of what the directors have done: Raffles Town Club
Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others and other appeals [2013] 1 SLR 374 at
[45] citing Street CJ in Kinsela v Russell Kinsela Pty Ltd (in liq) (1986) 4
NSWLR 722 at 730.

169 Corporation has not pleaded, nor has it sought to show, that anything in
its articles of association required the release of directors’ liability to be
effected through any specific means or any formal process. Phang and Henry
were the only shareholders of Corporation from its incorporation until
sometime in 2018 when Henry gave his parents 10% of his shares (leaving
himself still holding 55% of the shares in the company 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

[4] of Henry’s AEIC. The copy of Corporation’s ACRA business profile exhibited
at p 86 of Henry’s AEIC shows that as at 18 May 2018, Henry still held 65% of
the shares in Corporation, with Phang holding the other 35%.

). As such, the informal assent of Phang and Henry would be sufficient to
ratify or authorise the former’s actions in asking Hooi Loo to join Healthcare
as a director. It was not disputed that Phang did not seek Henry’s express
approval for Hooi Loo to get involved in Healthcare. However, both Phang and
Hooi Loo asserted that given the transparent manner in which they both
operated in relation to Healthcare and given the many (and multi-faceted)
interactions between Healthcare and Corporation, Henry would have been well
aware of Hooi Loo’s involvement in the former entity.

Henry’s knowledge – and consent

170 Having considered the evidence available, I accepted this assertion.
Firstly, as I have observed earlier, Phang and Hooi Loo never attempted to
conceal the existence of Healthcare and their involvement in it from
Corporation and its various personnel. Hooi Loo testified, for example, that
she would travel from Malaysia to Singapore to attend the Corporation sales
meetings which were held bi-annually or annually; and that at these sales
meetings, apart from updating on the sales of Kimberly-Clark products by the
Malaysian branch office, she would also speak about the products sold by
Healthcare. Whilst Corporation produced another sales staff (Lee Sze Ling) who
claimed that she could not recollect seeing Hooi Loo at these sales meetings
269

##### Foot Note 269

×

[13] of Lee Sze Ling’s AEIC.

, Hooi Loo’s evidence was corroborated by Lynnette. Lynnette (who had joined
Corporation in 2004 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

[3] of Lynnette’s AEIC.

) gave evidence that at these Corporation sales meetings, which all
Corporation sales staff were required to attend, Phang and Hooi Loo would –
apart from updating on the sales of Kimberly-Clark products by the Malaysian
branch office – openly talk about the sales of Dentium and Coeur products by
Healthcare 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

[21]-[23] of Lynnette’s AEIC.

. These updates on Healthcare’s sales of Dentium and Coeur products would have
started sometime in 2007 for Dentium products and sometime in 2010 for Coeur
products (based on Phang’s evidence as to when Healthcare commenced
distributing Dentium and Coeur products 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

[64]-[65] and [69(b)] of Phang’s AEIC.

). According to Lynnette, “[a]s Henry was the one who called for these sales
meetings, he would invariably attend these meetings” 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

[22] of Lynnette’s AEIC.

.

171 Weighing the evidence, therefore, I found it more probable than not that
Henry would have attended these Corporation sales meetings, that he would have
been privy to statements or comments made by Hooi Loo about Healthcare’s
sales, and that he would therefore have been aware that she was involved in
the Malaysian company that Phang had set up.

172 In this connection, I noted that in cross-examination, Henry did not
actually deny being aware that Hooi Loo was involved in the sale of Dentium
and Coeur products in Malaysia – but he claimed that he had “[a]ll along”
believed her to be doing so on behalf of Corporation 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 74 line 14 to p 75 line 8.

. Having reviewed the evidence, I did not find Henry’s protestations of
ignorance at all credible. I found that he would have been aware – at least
from early 2006 – that Corporation’s Malaysian branch office only dealt in
Kimberly-Clark products. It was not disputed that he was personally involved –
together with Phang – in appealing to Kimberly-Clark against its decision to
terminate Corporation’s distributorship rights to its respiratory products in
Malaysia. Indeed, according to Phang, Henry was the one who had suggested
making the appeal to Clara’s boss Mr Goh; and it was not disputed that Henry
was present together with Phang at the meeting in Kuala Lumpur in February
2006 with Mr Goh 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

[53] of Phang’s AEIC and [16] of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

. In cross-examination, Henry also admitted that he was aware he had not
signed any distributorship agreements for the distribution by Corporation of
Dentium and Coeur products in Malaysia 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 75 lines 9-12.

. In the circumstances, I did not believe that Henry would have thought
references by Phang and/or Hooi Loo to the sales of Dentium and Coeur products
in Malaysia were references to sales by Corporation’s Malaysian branch office.

173 For the same reasons, in respect of Phang’s presentation at Corporation’s
tenth anniversary celebration in 2009, even assuming Phang did not expressly
mention the name “Healthcare” in his presentation, I did not believe that
Henry would have thought Dentium products were being sold by the Malaysian
branch office 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 112 lines 9-19.

.

174 In addition, in the financial statements which Jasmine forwarded to Henry
between 2008 and 2017, not only was Healthcare’s name listed under trade
receivables, Hooi Loo’s name also appeared in its contact details in some of
these financial statements 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

See, eg, exhibit D1.

. Again, I did not find it believable that Henry could have failed to notice
this, considering that these financial statements were being sent to him on a
monthly basis over a good number of years.

175 For the reasons stated above, I was satisfied that Henry would have known
of Hooi Loo’s involvement in Healthcare at the very latest from 2009 (the year
of the presentation at Corporaiton’s tenth anniversary celebrations). In this
connection, there appeared to be the suggestion at some points that Henry
would never have knowingly consented to Hooi Loo being involved in Healthcare
– Phang’s company – when Corporation was paying her salary. In my view, such a
suggestion disregarded the fact that up until the point when their
relationship started seriously to deteriorate around 2016 or so, Henry and
Phang appeared to have adopted a fairly relaxed attitude of laissez-faire
towards each other. Thus, for example, Henry was able to get his parents
appointed to the Corporation board in 2005, without any objections from Phang
279

##### Foot Note 279

×

[10] and p 85 of Henry’s AEIC.

; and despite there being no evidence of his parents having played any role in
running Corporation’s business operations (Henry himself called them “non-
executive” directors 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

[10] of Henry’s AEIC.

), Phang had evidently been agreeable to their receiving bonus payments 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

See transcript of 26 February 2020 at p 118 line 8 to p 122 line 7.

. Indeed, it was interesting that the appointment of Henry’s parents as
Corporation directors – and the control this gave Henry over the board – came
about not long after he and Phang had in 2004 agreed to Phang exploring the
Malaysian market with his own Sdn Bhd. As another example, whilst Henry and
Phang disagreed over whether Henry had expressly sought Phang’s consent prior
to setting up Absolmed, it was clear that both on Henry’s telling and on
Phang’s, Henry’s actions in setting up his own corporate vehicle in Malaysia
to launch the Sonosite machines met with no resistance from Phang.

176 In other words, there appeared to have been a degree of informal give-and-
take between the two men, at least up until 2016. I did not find it
inconceivable or anomalous, therefore, that Henry could have assented to Hooi
Loo’s involvement in Healthcare after becoming aware of it in 2009 at the very
latest. Given that Henry and Phang were the only shareholders of Corporation
at the material time, it followed from Henry’s assent that Phang’s conduct in
asking Hooi Loo to join Healthcare was validly ratified or authorised by all
the shareholders of Corporation.

Whether Phang breached his fiduciary duties to Corporation in making use of
its Malaysian office premises

177 In its amended statement of claim, although it was pleaded that Healthcare
had used the office premises of Corporation’s Malaysian branch office without
the latter’s consent 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

[27(8)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

, Corporation oddly did not plead this alleged use of its Malaysian office
premises under the particulars of Phang’s alleged breaches of fiduciary duties
283

##### Foot Note 283

×

[25A] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. However, as counsel cross-examined Phang at some length about the alleged
use of the premises of the Malaysian branch office 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

See, eg, transcript of 9 March 2020 at p 119 line 13 to p 141 line 23.

, I address this matter as well.

178 It was suggested in cross-examination that Phang had breached his duty to
act in Corporation’s best interests, first by having Healthcare occupy the
said office premises rent-free, and later by arranging for Corporation to pay
a higher rent so as to enable Healthcare to negotiate a lower rent for its own
unit. Unfortunately, there appeared to be considerable confusion on
Corporation’s part as to the facts it was seeking to establish.

179 In his AEIC, Phang had stated that while Healthcare shared “the same
office address” as Corporation, there were “2 rooms at the address and the
room used by the Branch Office was paid for by [Corporation] while the room
used by Healthcare was paid for by Healthcare” 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

[60] of Phang’s AEIC.

. He did not specify the timeframe in question in his AEIC. However, the
earliest tenancy agreement which Healthcare produced at trial in respect of
its own office unit was an agreement dated 18 December 2011 for a tenancy
starting on 1 January 2012. This tenancy related to suite 12 in Weini Business
Centre where Corporation also rented a unit. Based on the documentation
produced at trial, Phang agreed that Healthcare must only have started renting
its own room in Weini Business Centre from 1 January 2012 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

See transcript of 9 March 2020 at p 126 line 14 to p 128 line 6.

.

180 At the same time, however, it should be remembered that Healthcare was
dormant between 2004 and 2006. This was not denied by Corporation. In
addition, there was documentary evidence available which showed that from 1
April 2010, Healthcare had rented storage premises at another building known
as 11/2 Terrace Factory, paying first RM600 a month up until March 2013 and
then RM1,100 a month after March 2013 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

See transcript of 9 March 2020 at p 142 line 16 to p 145 line 16; also Tab 10
of the 3rd Defendant’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents.

. This documentary evidence was not highlighted by Corporation’s counsel
during its cross-examination of Phang. I found this documentary evidence
interesting, because Phang’s evidence – which was not refuted – was that
between 2007 and end-2009, Healthcare was only dealing with Medifoam wound
care dressings, Dentium dental implants and Confident Care patient cleansing
wipes 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

[64]-[69] of Phang’s AEIC.

. There was no evidence adduced to establish that Phang and Hooi Loo stored
stocks of these products within the premises of Corporation’s Malaysian
office. The rental of the storage unit at 11/2 Terrace Factory on 1 April 2010
appeared to have come about after Healthcare took on a series of
distributorships involving products such as chemicals and tubings, starting
with Coeur CT scan tubings in January 2010 and continuing with the addition of
Syntech chemicals in March 2010 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

[69] of Phang’s AEIC.

. As for Hooi Loo’s presence in Corporation’s Malaysian office between 2007
and 2011, she would have needed to be in the office in any event to carry out
the work she did as Corporation’s Malaysian product specialist. Karen did not
join Healthcare until 5 June 2012 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

See transcript of 11 March 2020 at p 59 line 25 to p 60 line 2.

. No evidence was adduced as to what other staff (if any) Healthcare employed
prior to Karen joining the company and/or when the other staff (if any) joined
Healthcare. I should add that Corporation did not dispute it had access to all
the information on Phang’s laptop and mobile phone, which it seized from him
on 24 August 2018: as such, I would have expected Corporation to produce clear
evidence of Healthcare’s rent-free use of its Malaysian office premises – for
example, as storage premises – if it had such evidence. It did not produce
such evidence.

181 In any event, even assuming for the sake of argument that Corporation
could prove rent-free use by Healthcare of the Malaysian office unit between
2007 and 2011, its case against Phang could not stop there. Corporation bore
the burden of proving both Phang’s liability for the alleged breaches of
duties and the quantum of the loss or damage it claimed to have suffered as a
result of such breaches (per the High Court in Smile Inc (HC) ([158] supra at
[7]–[8])).

182 Regrettably, Corporation did not plead in its amended statement of claim
the quantum of loss or damage that it purportedly suffered as a result of the
rent-free use of its Malaysian office unit between 2007 and 2011. Even more
regrettably, there was nothing in Henry’s AEIC to explain how such loss or
damage should be quantified. Nor was there any testimony adduced from
Corporation’s witnesses on how such loss or damage should be quantified. In
his AEIC, Henry made the brief statement that “the expenses incurred by
[Healthcare] and [Hooi Loo], in the operations of [Healthcare’s] office
premises in Kuala Lumpur from 2004 to 2010/2011 were passed on to
[Corporation] to bear, in circumstances, where [Corporation] had no interests
in [Healthcare]” 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

[123] of Henry’s AEIC.

. On the basis of this one-liner, it would not have been appropriate to
quantify the purported loss or damage as being the entire sum of rental paid
by Corporation for the said unit between 2007 and 2011, because the Malaysian
branch office did occupy and use the said unit throughout that period. Nor
would it have been appropriate to attempt some sort of apportionment of the
rental paid by Corporation during the said period: not only was there a total
absence of any evidence which might have supported such an exercise, this was
not even something suggested by Henry or any of Corporation’s other witnesses.
In short, there was no evidence led by Corporation to prove the quantum of
loss or damage resulting to it from Healthcare’s rent-free use of its
Malaysian office unit. Even assuming liability to be established on Phang’s
part, Corporation failed to prove the loss or damage purportedly resulting to
it (see, in this connection, Griffin Travel ([166] supra) at [418(a)]).

183 Next, it was suggested that Phang arranged for the Malaysian branch office
to move to a larger room in the same building on 18 June 2009 even though by
then, the branch office had lost the distributorship rights to Kimberly-
Clark’s respiratory products: and it was further suggested that he did so in
order to enable Healthcare to use this larger room as its “own stock room” 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

See transcript of 9 March 2020 at p 131 line 16 to p 133 line 10.

. It was also suggested that Phang deliberately allowed Corporation to
continue incurring higher rent for a larger room so that he could use the fact
that Corporation was renting a larger room to negotiate a lower rent for
Healthcare’s own unit 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

See transcript of 9 March 2020 at p 139 line 7 to p 141 line 23.

.

184 I found these suggestions to be entirely without merit. Documentary
evidence produced at trial established that from 1 April 2010, Healthcare had
rented storage premises at another building known as 11/2 Terrace Factory,
paying first RM600 a month up until March 2013 and then RM1,100 a month after
March 2013 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

See transcript of 9 March 2020 at p 142 line 16 to p 145 line 16; also Tab 10
of the 3rd Defendant’s Supplementary Bundle of Documents.

. If Phang had really hatched a scheme for Corporation to rent a larger unit
so as to use that larger unit as Healthcare’s “stock room”, it made no sense
for Healthcare to pay for a separate set of storage premises.

185 As for the suggestion that Phang had allowed Corporation to continue
incurring higher rent for a larger room so as to use that fact to negotiate a
lower rent for Healthcare’s unit, this appeared to be pure speculation. No
evidence at all was adduced to demonstrate that the rental paid by Corporation
played any part in rental negotiations for Healthcare’s own unit. Furthermore,
from at least 1 January 2012 onwards, Healthcare had started paying RM500 for
its own room at the Weini Business Centre, on top of the RM600 (later RM1,100)
it was paying for storage premises at 11/2 Terrace Factory. It made no sense
that Phang should have been willing to incur these expenses if the intention
all along was to freeload on Corporation and to minimise Healthcare’s rental
outlay.

186 For the reasons explained above, I rejected the suggestion that Phang
breached his fiduciary duties by engineering Corporation’s move to a larger
office for his own purposes.

Whether Phang breached his fiduciary duties to Corporation in setting up and
operating Prius

187 As to the setting up of Prius by Phang, in the first place I did not agree
that his doing so constituted failure to act in Corporation’s best interests
or that it put him in a position of conflict of interests vis-à-vis his duties
as a director of Corporation. Phang’s evidence was that he set up Prius as a
side project together with Lynnette to test the market in travel-sized hand
sanitisers. Indeed, to elaborate a little more: from the delivery orders
exhibited in Henry’s AEIC, these were scented travel-sized hand sanitisers,
each with a recommended retail price of $2.90 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

pp 858-861 of Henry’s AEIC.

. I accepted Phang’s evidence that these could not by any stretch be regarded
as “medical and healthcare” products of the sort distributed by Corporation.
This was relevant because according to the “ground rules” agreed between Henry
and Phang, they were to bring up to each other business opportunities arising
from the medical and healthcare field – but where the business opportunity in
question was not from this field, they were free to pursue the opportunity
independently. Phang alluded to this understanding in his testimony 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

See transcript of 6 March 2020 at p 124 lines 5-9.

; and as I observed earlier, this was also the position clearly stated by
Henry himself 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

[21] of Henry’s AEIC.

:

We both agreed, if there were business opportunities in the medical and
healthcare industry, made available to either one of us, it would be disclosed
and offered to each other. If not accepted, we would be free to pursue such
interests independently. We were free to pursue our independent interests in
non-related businesses. [emphasis added]

188 Given the above understanding or agreement between the two shareholders,
it did not appear to me there was any breach of his fiduciary duties by Phang
in setting up Prius to test the market in scented travel-sized hand
sanitisers.

189 Further, and in any event, Corporation failed to adduce any evidence to
prove the quantum of loss or damage it purportedly suffered as a result of
this breach. The four delivery orders exhibited in Henry’s AEIC merely showed
that Prius had apparently delivered some hand sanitisers to four retail
outlets, but they did not show whether Prius was paid for these hand
sanitisers or what profit (if any) it made. Phang’s evidence – which went
unrebutted – was that Prius only managed to sell fewer than five of the hand
sanitisers at the retail outlets 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

[112] of Phang’s AEIC.

. In any event, the burden of proof being on Corporation, it was up to
Corporation to advance a cogent case as to what the measure of its damages
should be as a result of the breach, and to produce sufficient evidence to
prove those damages. Regrettably, this was not done.

190 Although Lynnette’s involvement in Prius was brought up in the amended
statement of claim 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

[24(2)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

and in Henry’s AEIC 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

[59]-[60] of Henry’s AEIC.

, Corporation did not actually plead any breach of duties on Phang’s part in
relation to Lynnette’s involvement. I should add that Henry’s allegation in
his AEIC that Lynnette had joined Prius as a “manager” and that Phang had
“used [her] services” to “manage his business at Prius” appeared to be
baseless anyway. Lynnette did not take up employment as a “manager” at Prius:
she was a 40% shareholder in Prius, the other 60% shareholding being owned by
Phang. This was plain from the ACRA business profile on Prius which Henry
himself exhibited in his AEIC 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

p 846 of Henry’s AEIC.

: in relation to Lynnette, it was stated in the ACRA profile that her position
in Prius was that of a shareholder. In cross-examination, Henry conceded 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 139 line 10 to p 141 line 7.

that he had read the description of her occupation in the ACRA document –
“manager” (which was the position she occupied in Corporation 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

[59] of Henry’s AEIC.

) – and mistaken it for a description of her position within Prius. This
seemed to me to bespeak a certain cavalier attitude on Corporation’s part
towards the evidence presented on its behalf. I will come back to this point
later on in this judgment.

Whether Phang breached his fiduciary duties to Corporation in setting up and
operating Primuz

191 I address next the setting up of Primuz by Phang. In cross-examination,
Phang was forthright in admitting that he had set up Primuz in February 2017
because he was angry with Henry at the time (their relationship having started
its downward slide in 2016), and that he had been looking for products to sell
through Primuz 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

See transcript of 6 March 2020 at p 122 lines 7-9.

. In his AEIC, Phang stated that Primuz had tried selling WaterJel R1R2 creams
between 2017 and 2018, but had only managed gross sales of $1,800 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

[113]-[115] of Phang’s AEIC.

. Phang stated that there was no conflict of interests vis-à-vis Corporation
in his having Primuz sell these creams because they were “therapeutic or
cosmetic related product[s]” and not medical or healthcare products 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

[84] of Phang’s and Healthcare’s reply closing submissions.

.

192 In this respect, there was no evidence adduced to refute Phang’s assertion
that these creams were “therapeutic or cosmetic related product[s]” and not
medical or healthcare products. There was no evidence adduced by Corporation
to show that it sold such creams – or other similar creams. This was relevant
because Henry’s own evidence as to the “ground rules” agreed between him and
Phang from the outset was that they were only required to disclose and to
offer to each other “business opportunities in the medical and healthcare
industry” but that they were otherwise free to pursue independently their own
interests in businesses not related to the medical and healthcare industry. It
being Corporation’s case that Phang breached his fiduciary duties by setting
up Primuz without disclosing it to the board, Corporation bore the burden of
proving that Primuz’s business fell outside of the “ground rules” agreed
between Henry and Phang. I was not satisfied that this burden was discharged.

193 However, even assuming for the sake of argument that the WaterJel creams
sold by Primuz constituted a “business opportunit[y] in the medical and
healthcare industry” and that Phang was thus liable for breach of his
fiduciary duty to Corporation, once again Corporation’s case could not stop
there. Corporation was required to bear the burden of proving both Phang’s
liability for the alleged breach of duty and the quantum of the loss or damage
suffered as a result of such breach. Once again, Corporation did not plead in
its amended statement of claim the quantum of loss or damage purportedly
suffered, nor was any evidence put forward to prove such loss or damage.

194 Corporation’s allegations about the Alliqua mist ultrasound healing
therapy product, the GloTech platelet-rich plasma product, and the Nanoom AED
product suffered from the same problem. In respect of the first two products,
all that was established at trial was that Phang’s wife, Susan Chia, had
contacted the suppliers to express interest on Primuz’s behalf in distributing
these products. As for the Nanoom AED product, there was an exchange of
messages between Phang and Ming Hok about transferring the distributorship
rights from Corporation to Primuz. Importantly, though, Primuz never acquired
the distributorship rights for the Alliqua and GloTech products; and the
distributorship rights for the Nanoom AED product were never transferred to
Primuz. As such, even assuming for the sake of argument Phang had breached his
fiduciary duty to Corporation by setting up Primuz and using it to explore
distribution opportunities, no loss or damage was suffered by Corporation as a
result. In cross-examination, Henry was obliged to concede that he had no
evidence of any loss suffered by Corporation in relation to these products 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

See transcript of 26 February 2020 at p 23 line 8 to p 25 line 11.

.

195 Finally, I observed that in his AEIC, Henry made it a point to mention
that Primuz had registered two CAIR LGL products with the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) in Singapore 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

[116] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry did not state the date of these registrations, nor did he exhibit the
relevant documentation. The impression given was that these registrations were
done by Primuz while Phang was still a director of Corporation, and that they
too were acts by Phang which amounted to breaches of his fiduciary duties.
That this was the impression intended was apparent from the fact that the
reference to the registrations was followed immediately by statements about
Primuz competing “in the same market as [Corporation]” – and about how it was
“unfair and unacceptable” for Phang to set up Primuz and to divert “suppliers
and business” to Primuz whilst still a director of Corporation. This was
disingenuous and misleading, because the HSA documentation (eventually
produced by Phang at trial) showed that the registration of the CAIR LGL
products was done on 29 January 2019 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Exhibit D3.

, whereas Phang’s directorship and employment in Corporation had been
terminated since 24 August 2018.

196 In this connection, I noted that in his AEIC, Henry’s position was that he
had “ascertained” Primuz’s registration of the CAIR LGL products 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

[116] of Henry’s AEIC.

. When he was shown the HSA registration documents in court, he admitted
initially that these were what he was talking about when he spoke about having
“ascertained” Primuz’s registration 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

See transcript of 26 February 2020 at p 17 line 1 to p 18 line 6.

. However, when it was pointed out to him that the date of the registrations
by Primuz would have been obvious from these documents, he suddenly began to
backpedal, eventually claiming that he could not remember if he had in fact
checked the HSA registrations 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

See transcript of 26 February 2020 at p 18 line 7 to p 22 line 15.

. This appeared to be yet another instance of a somewhat cavalier attitude on
Corporation’s part towards the evidence presented on its behalf, which I will
address elsewhere in this judgment.

Whether Phang breached his fiduciary duties by engaging in self-dealing

197 In the closing submissions filed on behalf of Corporation, it was
contended 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

[90]-[93] of Corporation’s closing submissions.

that one of Phang’s breaches of fiduciary duties was engaging in self-dealing
by arranging for Healthcare to sell Coeur products to Corporation at a 15%
mark-up in price.

198 This alleged act of self-dealing was not particularised in the amended
statement of claim as one of Phang’s breaches of fiduciary duties 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

[25A] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. Oddly, in one of the tables attached to the amended statement of claim, this
allegation of self-dealing was included as one of the “instances of
conspiracy” by the three defendants to defraud Corporation 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Table 7 attached to Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. Nevertheless, since counsel has dealt with this allegation in closing
submissions on the basis that it constituted a breach of Phang’s fiduciary
duties, I will deal with it at this juncture.

199 In brief, the allegation that the 15% mark-up constituted self-dealing by
Phang was premised on the assumption that this figure represented a profit
earned by Healthcare. Based on the evidence available, I did not find this to
be the case. In cross-examination, Hooi Loo testified 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

See transcript of 10 March 2020 at p 146 lines 8-19.

that this 15% did not represent a profit for Healthcare “… [b]ecause this one
is to cover the charges for the freight and all these administrative charges,
and … we also need to keep stock”. Hooi Loo’s testimony corroborated Phang’s.

200 Hooi Loo’s evidence on this issue was not refuted. Additionally, Walter –
who was privy to the inter-company trade between Corporation and Healthcare –
testified 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 138 line 3 to p 139 line 6.

that a mark-up of 10% to 15% was applied “both ways” in the course of this
inter-company trade: just as Healthcare charged such a mark-up to cover
freight and other administrative costs when selling products to Corporation,
Corporation too would charge a similar mark-up when it sold products to
Healthcare. Walter testified that conversely, in sales by Corporation to other
customers, it would apply a much higher mark-up of 50% to 55%. Water’s
evidence in this respect was also not refuted. In fact, it should be pointed
out that in cross-examination, Henry admitted – after much prevarication –
that he had “probably” heard from Walter about Corporation charging a mark-up
on sales to Healthcare (although he insisted he could not remember whether the
mark-up was 15% or not) 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

See transcript of 26 February 2020 at p 12 line 1 to p 13 line 16.

.

201 In the result, I did not find that Corporation was able to prove the claim
of self-dealing against Phang.

Time bar

202 Further and in the alternative, Phang asserted that Corporation’s causes
of action against him were time-barred under the Limitation Act. I should
state firstly that the defence of time bar would not be relevant to the claim
relating to Healthcare’s acquisition of the distributorship for Halyard
feeding tubes, nor to the claim relating to the setting up of Primuz. This was
because Healthcare only acquired the Halyard distributorship in July 2017,
whereas the writ in this action was filed on 8 August 2018. Primuz was
incorporated on 9 February 2017 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

p 863 of Henry’s AEIC.

. Whilst the defence of time bar would not apply to these two claims, I have
already explained why I found Corporation to have failed to prove these claims
320

##### Foot Note 320

×

See [155]-[163] and [191]-[196] above.

.

203 In invoking the defence of time bar, Phang’s pleadings referred, inter
alia, to s 24A of the Limitation Act. I did not think s 24A was applicable in
the present case. Section 24A applies in cases of latent injuries and damage.
This was not a case where Corporation was claiming some sort of latent injury
or damage.

204 Phang’s pleadings also referred to s 6(1)(a). Section 6(1)(a) applies so
as to impose a six-year limitation period on actions founded on a contract or
on tort. This would be relevant, for example, to the claims brought by
Corporation against Hooi Loo for breach of her employment contract terms.

205 The six-year time bar in s 6(1) also applies to Corporation’s equitable
claims against Phang for breach of fiduciary duties by virtue of s 6(7): see
in this respect the CA’s judgment in Dynasty Line Ltd (in liquidation) v
Sukamto Sia and another and another appeal [2014] 3 SLR 277 (“Dynasty Line”).
In that case, the CA held that the six-year time bar in s 6 applied to the
appellant company’s equitable claim for breach of fiduciary duties. The CA
further noted that the six-year time bar would be lifted pursuant to s
22(1)(a) in the case of fraud or a fraudulent breach of trust (at [53]). In
Dynasty Line, it held that the time bar was lifted pursuant to s 22(1)(a),
because there had been fraudulent breaches of trust by the respondent
directors who had fallen short of the ordinary standards of reasonable and
honest people in dealing with the appellant company’s property (at [55]–[57]).

206 Although Phang did not specifically mention s 6(7) in his amended defence
(which cited s 6(1)), I did not think this precluded me from considering the
applicability of s 6(7), because in its amended reply, Corporation pleaded
reliance on s 22 and/or s 29 of the Limitation Act 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

[17] of Corporation’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim of 1st Defendant
(Amendment No. 3).

and must therefore have been aware of the scope and effect of s 6(7). Section
22 is specifically referenced in s 6(7) which provides:

6.—(7) Subject to sections 22 and 32, this section shall apply to all claims
for specific performance of a contract or for an injunction or for other
equitable relief whether the same be founded upon any contract or tort or upon
any trust or other ground in equity.

207 Section 22 provides:

22.—(1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action —

(a) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee
was a party or privy; or

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

(2) Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

(3) The right of action referred to in subsection (2) shall not be deemed to
have accrued to any beneficiary entitled to a future interest in the trust
property until the interest fell into possession.

(4) No beneficiary as against whom there would be a good defence under this
Act shall derive any greater or other benefit from a judgment or order
obtained by any other beneficiary than he could have obtained if he had
brought the action and this Act had been pleaded in defence.

208 Section 29 provides:

29.—(1) Where, in the case of any action for which a period of limitation is
prescribed by this Act —

(a) the action is based upon the fraud of the defendant or his agent or of any
person through whom he claims or his agent;

(b) the right of action is concealed by the fraud of any such person as
aforesaid; or

(c) the action is for relief from the consequences of a mistake,

the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has
discovered the fraud or the mistake, as the case may be, or could with
reasonable diligence have discovered it.

(2) Nothing in this section shall enable any action to be brought to recover,
or enforce any charge against, or set aside any transaction affecting, any
property which —

(a) in the case of fraud, has been purchased for valuable consideration by a
person who was not a party to the fraud and did not at the time of the
purchase know or have reason to believe that any fraud had been committed; or

(b) in the case of mistake, has been purchased for valuable consideration,
subsequently to the transaction in which the mistake was made, by a person who
did not know or have reason to believe that the mistake had been made.  
  
---  
  
209 Unfortunately, Corporation’s amended reply did not state which limbs of s
22 and/or s 29 were being relied on. In its closing submissions, all that was
said was that ss 22 and 29 applied because it was only on 2 February 2018 that
Henry had “[come] into knowledge of [Healthcare’s] incorporation, [Phang’s]
and [Hooi Loo’s] interests in [Healthcare’s] business, breaches of duty,
conspiracy to defraud committed by the [three defendants] and dishonest and/or
knowing assistance on the part of [Healthcare]” 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

[250] of Corporation’s closing submissions.

.

210 On the facts of this case, I did not think s 22 of the Limitation Act was
applicable. In Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and
another [2013] 1 SLR 173 (“Yong Kheng Leong”), the CA held (at [51]) that in
light of the exceptional nature of the rule that excludes the applicability of
the time bar in certain actions, only Class 1 (and not Class 2) constructive
trusts would fall within the ambit of s 22. The CA explained the distinction
between Class 1 and Class 2 constructive trustees as follows (at [46] and
[47]):

46 … If a person holds property in the position of a trustee (and there is no
doubt that a director is regarded as a trustee over the company’s property …)
and deals with that property in breach of that trust, he will be a Class 1
constructive trustee; whereas a wrongdoer who fraudulently acquires property
over which he had never previously been impressed with any trust obligations,
may, by virtue of his fraudulent conduct, be held liable in equity to account
as if he were a constructive trustee. But the latter is not a case of someone
who had ever in reality been a trustee of that property; and it is only by
virtue of equity’s reach that such a person is regarded as a Class 2
constructive trustee.

47 That this is the essence of the distinction can be seen by comparing two
English cases. In J J Harrison … the claimant was a company, of which the
defendant was a director. A property owned by the company was valued at £8m,
but in a side letter the valuer said that it may have some development
potential that had not been taken into account in the valuation. The side
letter was not disclosed to the company, but the director was aware of it. A
year later, he bought the property from the company without disclosing the
side letter. He subsequently sold it for a profit. More than six years later,
the company sued him for an account of the proceeds of sale of the land. His
limitation defence failed on the ground that he was regarded as a Class 1
constructive trustee. Whereas, in Gwembe Valley, … the defendant shareholder-
director of the claimant company owned a majority of the shares in and
controlled another company. The defendant arranged for the other company to
loan money to the claimant company without disclosing his interest in the
other company to the board of the claimant company. It was held that, apart
from fraud, the claim would have been time-barred because the defendant’s
liability to account for the secret profit was not within Class 1. … [T]he
difference between J J Harrison and Gwembe Valley was that the property in J J
Harrison was trust property that had been acquired by the director from the
company at an undervalue; whereas, in Gwembe Valley, the defendant’s liability
arose from his failure to disclose the true rate of exchange he had paid, and
not because there was any misappropriation of specific property that belonged
to the company …

211 In Yong Kheng Leong, the company in question (“Panweld”) brought an action
for breach of fiduciary duties against its director (“Mr Yong”). Mr Yong was
found to have wrongfully placed his wife on the company’s payroll and
authorised salary payments to her for 17 years even though she was never an
employee. The CA held (at [48]) that Mr Yong had trustee-like responsibility
for Panweld’s assets; and that when he disposed of Panweld’s assets
unlawfully, whether to his wife or to himself through his wife, he was
undoubtedly a Class 1 constructive trustee because he had dealt with that
property in breach of the trust and confidence that had been placed in him as
a director.

212 In the present case, Henry’s AEIC did not explain why Phang’s conduct made
him a Class 1 constructive trustee for the purposes of Corporation’s purported
reliance on s 22 of the Limitation Act. Nor was there any attempt in
Corporation’s closing submissions to explain the position. Leaving aside the
claim relating to Healthcare’s acquisition of the Halyard distributorship and
the claim relating to Primuz (for which the causes of action would have
accrued at the earliest in 2017), I did not see how any of Corporation’s
claims against Phang for breach of fiduciary duties could be said to involve
the misappropriation of specific assets belonging to it. I did not find any
basis, therefore, for Corporation’s purported reliance on s 22.

213 As for s 29, as stated earlier, Corporation did not specify in its
pleadings which limb(s) of s 29 it was relying on. Nevertheless, since it
pleaded, inter alia, that Phang was “dishonest and/or fraudulent” in breaching
his duties as director and that he did not disclose to Henry the existence and
operations of Healthcare, I took it to be referring to ss 29(1)(a) and
29(1)(b). In its closing submissions, Corporation did not explain the basis
for its reliance on s 29: it simply repeated Henry’s allegation that he only
found out on 2 February 2018 about “[Healthcare’s] incorporation, [Phang’s]
and [Hooi Loo’s] interests in [Healthcare’s] business, breaches of duty,
conspiracy to defraud committed by the [three defendants] and dishonest and/or
knowing assistance on the part of [Healthcare]” 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

[250] of Corporation’s closing submissions.

.

214 For the reasons set out earlier in this judgment 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

See [142]-[148] and [168]-[176] above.

, I did not accept that Henry only found out on 2 February 2018 about
Healthcare’s incorporation, its business, and Phang’s and Hooi Loo’s interests
in it. To reiterate, I was satisfied that Henry was aware of Healthcare’s
existence, its business and Phang’s involvement in it by 2006 at the very
least; and that he was aware of Hooi Loo’s involvement by 2009 at the very
least. In the premises, I did not find any basis for Corporation’s purported
reliance on s 29.

215 In short, I found that Phang was able to establish – as an alternative
defence – that the six-year time bar in s 6 of the Limitation Act applied to
Corporation’s equitable claims against him for breach of fiduciary duties. As
I noted earlier, this time bar would not apply to the claim relating to
Healthcare’s acquisition of the Halyard distributorship and the claim relating
to Primuz – but I have explained why I found that Corporation failed to prove
these two claims.

Acquiescence

216 Section 32 of the Limitation Act provides that “[n]othing in this Act
shall affect any equitable jurisdiction to refuse relief on the ground of
acquiescence, laches or otherwise”. In response to Corporation’s claim that he
had breached his fiduciary duties as its director by setting up Healthcare as
a competing business, Phang also pleaded in the alternative the defence of
acquiescence 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

[29(a)] of Phang’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3).

.

217 In Tan Yong San v Neo Kok Eng and others [2011] SGHC 30, the High Court
explained the scope of this defence and the requirements for it to operate (at
[112]):

The defence of acquiescence is described in the following manner in Halsbury’s
Laws of England vol 16 (4th Ed Reissue) at para 924, which was cited by the
Court of Appeal in Genelabs (supra) at [76]:

The term acquiescence is … properly used where a person having a right and
seeing another person about to commit, or in the course of committing an act
infringing that right, stands by in such a manner as really to induce the
person committing the act and who might otherwise have abstained from it, to
believe that he consents to its being committed; a person so standing-by
cannot afterwards be heard to complain of the act. In that sense the doctrine
of acquiescence may be defined as [quiescence] under such circumstances that
assent may reasonably [be] inferred from it and is no more than an instance of
the law of estoppel by words or conduct …

218 The High Court also noted that while acquiescence was frequently pleaded
together with the defence of laches, they were “separate and distinct defences
with different consequences” (at [113]–[114] and [117]):

114 Thus, laches in its strict sense refers only to delay on the part of the
plaintiff coupled with prejudice to the defendant … [L]aches can only be used
as a defence against a claim for equitable relief. Acquiescence on the other
hand is premised not on delay, but on the fact that the plaintiff has, by
standing by and doing nothing, made certain representations to the defendant
in circumstances to found an estoppel, waiver, or abandonment of rights: see
Orr v Ford (supra) at 337–338. Unlike laches, the defence of acquiescence is
not limited to resisting claims for equitable relief.

…

117 It is an obvious requirement that to succeed on a defence of acquiescence,
the acquiescing party must have been aware of the acts he now seeks to
complain of because one cannot acquiesce to something he does not know: LS
Investment Pte Ltd v Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura [1998] 3 SLR(R) 369 at [40];
Keppel Tatlee Bank Ltd v Teck Koon Investment Pte Ltd [2000] 1 SLR(R) 355 at
[27]. …

[emphasis added]

219 In the present case, even if I were to disregard Phang’s evidence as to
the Agreement he and Henry had, it was clear from Henry’s own evidence that he
(Henry) possessed the following knowledge as at 2006. He knew there existed a
Malaysian company called Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 97 line 20 to p 98 line 1.

. He knew Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd was very likely involved in the medical
or healthcare business 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 98 lines 2-6.

. He knew Phang “must be involved” in Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

See transcript of 25 February 2020 at p 98 lines 7-16.

. It was also clear that Henry acquired the above knowledge in his capacity as
a director of Corporation: there could hardly be any question that Jasmine had
approached him to bring up the matter of Healthcare – and the payment
apparently made by Corporation on Healthcare’s behalf – because he was a
director of Corporation. Indeed, on Henry’s own case, he and Phang were the
only two “executive” directors 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

As noted earlier, Henry’s parents were appointed to the Corporation board in
November 2005, but he described them as “non-executive” directors ([10] of his
AEIC); and there has been no evidence of their playing any part in managing
business operations.

of Corporation as at 2006. In the circumstances, Henry’s knowledge of
Healthcare’s existence, its business, and Phang’s involvement in it, must be
attributed to Corporation. Directors are agents of the company; and the law
may impute to a principal knowledge relating to the subject matter of the
agency which the agent acquires while acting within the scope of his
authority: see in this respect the judgment of the High Court in The
“Dolphina” [2012] 1 SLR 992 at [216] and [217].

220 Despite having known since 2006 about the existence of Healthcare, its
business, and Phang’s involvement in it, Corporation took no steps over the
next 12 years to raise any objections or to injunct Phang from continuing to
operate Healthcare’s business. Throughout this period, Phang would reasonably
have inferred that Henry – and through him, Corporation – were aware of
Healthcare: not only had Henry brought it up with him in 2006 in Jasmine’s
presence, the monthly financial statements which Jasmine sent Henry from at
least 2008 until 2017 (which were copied to Phang) specifically listed
Healthcare under trade receivables and stated Hooi Loo to be its contact
person 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Exhibit D1.

. For years, Henry also signed off in his capacity as director on
Corporation’s audited accounts – which accounts clearly listed Healthcare as a
related party. In the circumstances, I accepted that when Corporation took no
steps to object or put an end to his operating Healthcare’s business, Phang
would have been induced to believe that Corporation consented to what he was
doing; further, that it was on account of this acquiescence that he went on to
invest in growing Healthcare’s operations (for example, by increasing its
paid-up share capital and hiring staff).

221 In short, in relation to Corporation’s claim about Phang setting up
Healthcare as a competing business, I was satisfied that Phang was able to
make out an alternative defence of acquiescence.

Section 391 of the Companies Act

222 In the above instances where I was prepared to find that Phang’s conduct
amounted to breach of his fiduciary duties to Corporation, I did not find it
necessary to consider the issue of possible relief under s 391 of the
Companies Act. This was because in my view, even assuming I had found that
Phang was not entitled to relief under s 391 for these instances of breach,
Corporation would still fail in its claims against him, firstly, because it
was unable to prove the loss or damage purportedly resulting from such
breaches; and secondly, because in any event its claims were either time-
barred or subject to estoppel by acquiescence.

Whether Healthcare committed the tort of passing off vis-à-vis Corporation

223 I address next Corporation’s claims against Healthcare. I start with the
claim of passing off. The elements of a claim of passing off are well known.
These were summarised by the CA in Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and
another [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 (“Amanresorts”) as follows: firstly, the presence
of goodwill; secondly, misrepresentation; and thirdly, damage to goodwill (at
[36]–[37]).

224 Regrettably, in its amended statement of claim, Corporation failed to
plead these three elements of the claim of passing off and/or the material
facts relied on in support of each element. All that was said in the amended
statement of claim about its claim of passing off was that Healthcare had
“passed off [Healthcare] as associated with [Corporation]” 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

[27(7)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. In Henry’s AEIC, there was also no attempt to deal with each element of the
claim of passing off. Instead, Henry’s AEIC focused on attempting to show that
Healthcare had caused “confusion” and given “customers and suppliers the
misimpression [Healthcare] are [sic] connected or associated with
[Corporation], that [Healthcare] sells the same products as [Corporation]”.
Henry claimed that Healthcare created such “misimpression” by ensuring that a
Google search on the search term “Bluestone Healthcare Sdn Bhd” would direct
the person conducting the search to Corporation’s website 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

[127] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry cited an e-mail from UKM Hospital dated 11 April 2019 and an e-mail
from Halyard representative Jace dated 24 February 2017 as evidence
purportedly showing “confusion” on the part of “customers and suppliers”.
Although goodwill was mentioned in Henry’s AEIC, this was only mentioned in
vague general terms, and its existence was assumed, not explained, by Henry
333

##### Foot Note 333

×

[139] of Henry’s AEIC.

:

[Healthcare] leveraged on the goodwill of the ‘Bluestone’ name.
[Corporation’s] Malaysian office, was registered on 20.3.2000. Marketing of
medical consumables from Halyard in Malaysia was associated with
[Corporation’s] Malaysian office. Halyard products sold in Malaysia were
associated with [Corporation’s] Malaysian office, until [Healthcare’s]
registration in Malaysia on 16.2.2004 using the ‘Bluestone’ name. [emphasis in
original omitted]

225 With respect, the deficient manner in which Corporation pleaded its
passing-off claim, the scant evidence provided in Henry’s AEIC and the failure
to address in any coherent manner each element of the passing-off claim would
have been reason enough to reject this claim without more. However, as both
defence counsel took the trouble to deal in some detail with the passing-off
claim in their closing submissions, I address below the main issues raised.

226 In the first place, goodwill in a passing-off action is not concerned
specifically with the get-up (meaning the mark, brand or logo) used by the
trader, but rather, is concerned with the trader’s business as a whole.
Goodwill “describes the state of the trader’s relationship with his or her
customers”: per the CA in Tuitiongenius ([152] supra) at [81]. Citing its own
judgment in Singsung Pte Ltd v LG 26 Electronics Pte Ltd (trading as L S
Electrical Trading) [2016] 4 SLR 86, the CA reiterated (at [83]) that “the
tort of passing off protects the plaintiff’s goodwill in his business and not
specifically his right to the exclusive use of a mark, get-up, or logo, as the
case may be. The mark, get-up or logo will feature prominently in the analysis
because this will usually be the means by which the tort or misrepresentation
is committed; but it is not the ends for which the tort exists” [emphasis in
original omitted].

227 Bearing in mind the above analysis, Henry’s pre-occupation with trying to
show the “goodwill of the ‘Bluestone’ name” – and the alleged association of
the said “name” with the business of the Malaysian branch office – was
misconceived.

228 Even if I were prepared to hold that there was sufficient evidence of
goodwill in the business of the Malaysian branch office in that there was
evidence of the revenue it derived from its business (see [85]–[86] of
Tuitiongenius), it was clear that Corporation could not overcome the
evidential hurdle of proving an actionable misrepresentation and damage
related to its goodwill.

229 Under the element of misrepresentation, Corporation first had to satisfy
the threshold requirement of distinctiveness of its “Bluestone name” or
“mark”: namely, whether the Bluestone mark was distinctive of the business of
its Malaysian branch office. In this respect, there was no evidence adduced by
Corporation of such distinctiveness. In fact, all that Henry – and another
Corporation witness, Lee Jia Shin – focused on emphasising in their AEICs was
that there were some potential customers or suppliers who were “confused”
about the difference between Corporation and Healthcare 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

[137]-[141] of Henry’s AEIC and [7]-[8] of Lee Jia Shin’s AEIC.

.

230 Even assuming for the sake of argument that Corporation could satisfy the
threshold requirement of distinctiveness and establish a misrepresentation by
Healthcare that had caused confusion between its business and Healthcare’s,
such misrepresentation would not per se be actionable under the law of passing
off unless it had caused (or was likely to cause) damage to Corporation’s
goodwill (per the CA in Amanresorts ([223] supra) at [94]). As the CA noted in
Amanresorts (at [97]–[98]):

97 There are two primary and very well-established means by which goodwill can
be damaged, namely, by ‘blurring’ and by ‘tarnishment’. Blurring occurs when
the plaintiff’s get-up, instead of being indicative of only the plaintiff’s
goods, services or business, also becomes indicative of the defendant’s goods,
services or business. While customers may still be drawn by the attractive
force of the plaintiff’s get-up, they may be drawn to the business, goods or
services of the defendant instead of those of the plaintiff. In other words,
the goodwill attached to the plaintiff’s business, goods or services becomes
spread out over business, goods or services which are not the plaintiff’s.
This phenomenon occurs only when the business, goods or services of the
plaintiff and those of the defendant are in competition with or are at least
substitutes for each other. The damage manifests itself in sales being
diverted from the plaintiff to the defendant.

98 Tarnishment occurs when the business, goods or services of the defendant
are of a worse quality than those of the plaintiff or have some other
undesirable characteristic. Customers think that the plaintiff is now the
source of such poor quality or undesirable business, goods or services. The
goodwill previously attached to the plaintiff’s business, goods or services
loses its attractive quality and may even become a liability, driving away
custom rather than attracting it. Where it is alleged that goodwill has been
damaged by tarnishment, there is no need for the plaintiff’s business, goods
or services and those of the defendant to be in competition with each other
(contra the position where damage to goodwill by blurring is concerned). The
plaintiff and the defendant can be engaged in entirely different fields of
business so long as it is shown that the poor quality or undesirability of the
defendant’s business, goods or services rebounds on the plaintiff.

231 In the present case, regrettably, Corporation did not plead what damage it
claimed to have suffered to its goodwill. Nor did Henry – or any other witness
– give evidence identifying and quantifying any alleged damage to
Corporation’s goodwill. While there was an attempt in Henry’s and Lee Jia
Shin’s AEICs to assert that some potential customers or suppliers were
“confused” about the difference between Corporation and Healthcare, this fell
far short of proving that the goodwill attached to the business of the
Malaysian branch office had become “spread out” over Healthcare’s business.
There was also no evidence to establish in any event the quantity of sales
allegedly diverted from the Malaysian branch office to Healthcare as a result
of any alleged “blurring”.

232 I should add that the manner in which Corporation dealt with Healthcare’s
alleged acts of “passing off” raised even more questions about the credibility
of its claim. It will be recalled that one of the main things which
Corporation objected to and which it relied on as evidence of the passing off
was the alleged results from a Google search on “Bluestone Healthcare Sdn
Bhd”: according to Corporation, a party carrying out such a search would be
directed to Corporation’s website. One would have thought, therefore, that by
the time of the trial, Corporation would have taken the necessary steps to
provide information on its website to alert the public to the fact that it was
unrelated to Healthcare and that it had its own branch office in Malaysia.
This was all the more so considering that – according to David – Corporation
had made revisions to its website around end-2018 or early 2019 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

See transcript of 28 February 2020 at p 32 lines 23-25.

. Yet, oddly, by the time of the trial before me, no steps had been taken by
Corporation – not even to furnish the details of its Malaysian branch office
on its website. To my mind, this apparent apathy cast more doubt on
Corporation’s claims about goodwill and about the damage supposedly caused to
that goodwill by Healthcare’s act of “passing off”.

233 For the above reasons, I found that Corporation failed to prove its claim
of passing off against Healthcare.

Whether Healthcare should be held liable for dishonest and/or knowing
assistance and/or receipt

234 The other main claim brought against Healthcare by Corporation was that it
had “acted in dishonest and/or knowing assistance” [emphasis added] in
relation to Phang’s alleged breaches of duties 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

[27] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. Unfortunately, in this connection, there was considerable confusion as to
the precise nature of its claim, because it also pleaded in its amended
statement of claim that Healthcare was “liable to account” as a “constructive
trustee for such profits as were made by [Healthcare] and/or suffered by
[Corporation], on the grounds of knowing assistance and receipt” 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

[28] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

[emphasis added].

235 Dishonest assistance and knowing receipt are two separate torts with
differently defined elements. In George Raymond Zage III and another v Ho Chi
Kwong and another [2010] 2 SLR 589 (“George Raymond Zage”), the CA held (at
[22]) that for a defendant to be liable for dishonest assistance, he had to
have such knowledge of the irregular shortcomings of the transaction that
ordinary honest people would consider it to be a breach of standards of honest
conduct if he failed to adequately query them. The CA stressed that in this
context, dishonesty described and qualified action, not mere passive receipt;
and that the threshold of knowledge for dishonest assistance and knowing
receipt, though very similar, still remained conceptually distinct (at [43]).
For liability in knowing receipt, the recipient’s state of knowledge had to be
such as to make it unconscionable for him to retain the benefit of the
receipt.

236 In its amended statement of claim, Corporation appeared to conflate these
two separate torts, and also failed in any event to plead how the elements of
each tort were made out in the present case.

237 The elements of a claim in dishonest assistance are: the existence of a
trust; a breach of that trust; assistance rendered by the third party towards
the breach; and a finding that the assistance rendered by the third party was
dishonest: George Raymond Zage at [20]. In the present case, the particulars
which Corporation pleaded of Healthcare’s dishonest assistance (referred to as
“knowing assistance” in the statement of claim) 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

[27(1)]-[27(9)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

related to the alleged diversion of business and/or business opportunities;
the alleged use of Corporation’s resources (in the form of Phang’s and Hooi
Loo’s services and the Malaysian office premises); and the alleged passing off
of Healthcare as being “associated with” Corporation. I have already dealt
with the allegation of passing off at [223]–[233]. As for the other
allegations, in light of my findings on the claims of various breaches made
against Phang, it followed that since Phang was not liable for those breaches,
Healthcare could not be liable for knowingly assisting any such breaches.

238 As for a claim in knowing receipt, the elements which have to be
established are: a disposal of the plaintiff’s assets in breach of fiduciary
duty; the beneficial receipt by the defendant of assets which are traceable as
representing the assets of the plaintiff; and knowledge on the part of the
defendant that the assets received are traceable to a breach of fiduciary
duty: George Raymond Zage at [23]. As counsel for Phang and Healthcare pointed
out in closing submissions, the allusion to “knowing receipt” in Corporation’s
statement of claim appeared to be based on a misapprehension of the law: the
statement of claim said nothing about any assets of Corporation which were
traceable to Healthcare as a result of alleged breaches by Phang. Nor was any
evidence adduced of such assets.

239 For the above reasons, I found that Corporation failed to prove its claims
of “knowing assistance and receipt” against Healthcare.

Time bar and acquiescence

240 Further and in the alternative, Healthcare also pleaded the defence of
time bar in relation to the various claims made by Corporation against it 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

[20]-[21] of Healthcare’s Defence (Amendment No. 3).

. The claims against Healthcare were all claims founded on tort, to which s
6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act would be applicable. For the reasons set out
above at [202]–[215], I found this alternative defence of time bar to be made
out.

241 In addition, in respect of the claim of passing off, Healthcare also
pleaded in the alternative estoppel by acquiescence 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

[13] of Healthcare’s Defence (Amendment No. 3).

, on the basis that Corporation would have known since 2004 or at the latest
by 2009 of Healthcare being incorporated and trading under the name “Bluestone
Healthcare”, and that it nevertheless conducted itself in such manner as to
lead Healthcare to believe it consented to the latter trading under the name
“Bluestone Healthcare”. In light of the reasoning set out above at
[216]–[221], I found this alternative defence to be made out.

Whether Hooi Loo breached the terms of her employment contract

242 I address next the breaches alleged against Hooi Loo. In gist, Hooi Loo
was said to have breached her employment contract by causing or allowing
Healthcare to pass itself off as being “associated with [Corporation]” 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

[19(1)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. She was also said to have breached her employment contract by joining
Healthcare as a director whilst employed by Corporation, by causing Healthcare
to compete with Corporation’s business, and by making “secret profits” from
Healthcare’s business 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

[19(1)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

.

243 In light of the findings I made earlier on Corporation’s claim against
Healthcare for passing off 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

See [223]-[233] above.

, the claim that Hooi Loo had caused or allowed Healthcare to pass itself off
as being “associated with” Corporation could not be sustained.

244 I address next the allegations that Hooi Loo had breached her employment
contract by joining Healthcare as a director whilst employed by Corporation,
by causing Healthcare to compete with Corporation’s business, and by making
“secret profits” from Healthcare’s business. At the outset, it should be made
clear that Hooi Loo accepted that there was an implied term in her employment
contract that she would serve her employer (Corporation) with good faith and
fidelity, and that she would also use reasonable care and skill in the
performance of her duties pursuant to the employment contract. That this
implied duty of good faith and fidelity is owed by an employee to an employer
is trite law: per the CA in Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D &
F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663
at [193].

245 As counsel for Hooi Loo pointed out, however, there is a distinction
between these duties of good faith and fiduciary duties. The CA made this
point in Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd v Lui Andrew Stewart [2012] 4 SLR
308 (“Smile Inc” at [52], citing, inter alia, the following passages from the
English High Court’s decision in Nottingham University v Fishel [2000] IRLR
471):

90 [T]he essence of the employment relationship is not typically fiduciary at
all. Its purpose is not to place the employee in a position where he is
obliged to pursue his employer’s interests at the expense of his own. The
relationship is a contractual one and the powers imposed on the employee are
conferred by the employer himself. The employee’s freedom of action is
regulated by the contract, the scope of his powers is determined by the terms
(express or implied) of the contract, and as a consequence the employer can
exercise (or at least he can place himself in a position where he has the
opportunity to exercise) considerable control over the employee’s decision-
making powers.

91 This is not to say that fiduciary duties cannot arise out of the employment
relationship itself. But they arise not as a result of the mere fact that
there is an employment relationship. Rather they result from the fact that
within a particular contractual relationship there are specific contractual
obligations which the employee has undertaken which have placed him in a
situation where equity imposes these rigorous duties in addition to the
contractual obligations. Where this occurs, the scope of the fiduciary
obligations both arises out of, and is circumscribed by, the contractual
terms; it is circumscribed because equity cannot alter the terms of the
contract validly undertaken. …

…

97 [I]n determining whether a fiduciary relationship arises in the context of
an employment relationship, it is necessary to identify with care the
particular duties undertaken by the employee, and to ask whether in all the
circumstances he has placed himself in a position where he must act solely in
the interests of his employer. It is only once those duties have been
identified that it is possible to determine whether any fiduciary duty has
been breached …

246 In Smile Inc, the court found that the respondent employee was not in a
position where he owed the appellant company fiduciary duties. He was merely
an associate dental surgeon who had not been entrusted with the authority to
make any management decisions for the appellant. Neither was he permitted to
make corporate decisions binding the appellant: on the contrary, under the
terms of his employment contract with the appellant, the respondent was
obliged to work at any of the practices operated by the appellant at the
instructions of its directors; and the respondent also undertook that he would
be responsible and take instructions from the directors and carry out duties
as might be assigned to him.

247 In the present case, while Corporation had pleaded breach of employment
contract by Hooi Loo, it had also couched its claim in terms normally used to
describe fiduciary duties: it referred to Hooi Loo placing herself in “a
position of conflict of interests, vis-à-vis [Corporation]” and failing “to
manage and deal with [Corporation’s] property, assets and resources, in a
trustee like manner” 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

[19(1)(b)] and [19(1)(f)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No.
2).

. In so far as Corporation was seeking to attribute such fiduciary duties to
Hooi Loo, I agreed with her counsel that there was simply no evidence to
support its doing so. It could not be disputed that as an employee of
Corporation, Hooi Loo was never entrusted with the authority to make any
management decisions for Corporation; nor was she permitted to make corporate
decisions binding Corporation. On the contrary, the express terms of her
employment contract made it clear that her role in Corporation was a non-
managerial one in which she had no authority to make any management or
corporate decisions which would bind the company. Thus, for example, clause
1.2 of her employment contract stated that she would “be reporting to the
Sales Manager with duties and responsibilities assigned by him or her”. Clause
2.3 and clause 5.2 of the contract stated that her incentive plan and leave
would be subject to the discretion or approval of the Sales Manager. Clause
8.1 stipulated that her employment would be “subject to prevailing policies
and practices adopted by the company”, that there would be “policy changes
from time to time”, and that she agreed to accept these changes 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

Exhibit LHL-4 of Hooi Loo’s AEIC.

.

248 Indeed, Henry himself agreed in cross-examination that Hooi Loo was not
part of Corporation’s management; not even middle management – and that she
had no say at all in the executive decisions of Corporation 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

See transcript of 27 February 2020 at p 97 line 16 to p 98 line 21.

. Based on the evidence adduced, therefore, I found that whilst Hooi Loo was
subject to an implied duty of good faith and fidelity, she did not owe
Corporation any fiduciary duties.

249 Hooi Loo accepted that this implied duty of good faith and fidelity would
prohibit an employee from competing against the employer in the course of
employment 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

[99] of Hooi Loo’s closing submissions.

. The question was whether she should be held to have engaged in “actual
competitive activity” (Smile Inc ([245] supra) at [70]). In my view, this
question had to be determined within the context of my findings about the
circumstances in which Healthcare was set up and in which it went about its
business. To recap, I found that Henry and Phang had come to an agreement (ie,
“the Agreement”) that the latter would be free to set up his own Sdn Bhd to
explore the Malaysian market. I found that given the Agreement between these
two shareholders of Corporation, Phang could not be said to have breached his
fiduciary duties to Corporation in incorporating Healthcare and in using it as
his corporate vehicle for tapping on business opportunities in the Malaysian
market. To put it another way, I did not think the incorporation of Healthcare
and the operation of its business constituted competitive activity by Phang in
breach of his duty to act in Corporation’s best interests. Seen in this
context, I did not think that Hooi Loo’s subsequent involvement in Healthcare
should fairly be described as “actual competitive activity”.

Time bar and acquiescence in relation to the claims against Hooi Loo

250 However, even if I were wrong to come to this conclusion, Hooi Loo has
pleaded in the alternative the defence of time bar 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

[2B] of Hooi Loo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2).

– or as another alternative, the defence of acquiescence 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

[2C] of Hooi Loo’s Defence (Amendment No. 2).

. In respect of time bar, as the claims against Hooi Loo were for breach of
her employment contract, s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act would be applicable.
Given my earlier findings as to Henry’s awareness of Hooi Loo’s involvement in
Healthcare and his conduct after becoming so aware(see [168]–[176] above), I
was satisfied that even assuming Hooi Loo had engaged in “actual competitive
activity” vis-à-vis Corporation, either Corporation’s claims against her would
be time-barred, or it would be held to have acquiesced to her conduct.

Whether the claim of conspiracy to defraud could be made out against the three
defendants

251 I next address the claim against all three defendants of conspiracy to
defraud. In its amended statement of claim, Corporation particularised this
claim as Phang having “unlawfully conspired with [Hooi Loo] and [Healthcare]”
by (inter alia) setting up Healthcare and causing it to compete with
Corporation’s business, using Hooi Loo’s services as a director of Healthcare
without Corporation’s consent and without paying Corporation “expenses in the
form of salaries, bonuses and remuneration” for the use of her services, using
Corporation’s office premises in Malaysia without authorisation, and
“attempting to pass-off, deceive or [sic] and/or lead members of the public to
believe [Healthcare] is that of [Corporation] [sic] and/or otherwise connected
to or associated with [Corporation]” 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

[29]-[30] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. Rather oddly, having pleaded these particulars of the alleged conspiracy to
defraud, Corporation proceeded to obfuscate matters by attaching to the
amended statement of claim a table in which it set out a different set of
particulars which it labelled “instances of conspiracy” 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

Table 7 attached to Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. These consisted largely of allegations of diversion of business and/or
distribution opportunities in both Malaysia and Singapore, and of the “passing
off” of Healthcare as “[Corporation’s] Malaysian branch” to “suppliers and/or
customers”. Henry’s AEIC appeared to treat both sets of allegations as being
“instances of conspiracy”.

252 As a preliminary point, Corporation’s pleadings were somewhat confusing.
The tort of conspiracy takes two forms: conspiracy to use unlawful means and
conspiracy to injure: see Clerk and Lindsell on Torts (Sweet & Maxwell, 22nd
Ed, 2018) at para 24-94. Corporation did not actually plead the elements of
either form of the tort in its amended statement of claim.

253 Nevertheless, since Corporation did briefly set out the law on unlawful
means conspiracy in its closing submissions 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

[162] – [163] of Corporation’s closing submissions.

, and since the defendants dealt with Corporation’s claim on the basis that it
was a claim of unlawful means conspiracy, I dealt with the claim on this basis
as well.

254 In EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd
and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings”), the CA held (at [112]) that to
succeed in a claim of unlawful means conspiracy, a claimant must show that –

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy.

255 In Seagate Technology Pte Ltd and another v Goh Han Kim [1994] 3 SLR(R)
836, the CA cautioned (at [15]) that in a claim of unlawful means conspiracy,
“a high degree of proof” is required to make out such a claim. On the basis of
the evidence adduced, I found Corporation incapable of making out its claim of
unlawful means conspiracy.

256 In the first place, there was no real attempt by Corporation to persuade
me that the element of combination had been established on the evidence. The
assumption appeared to be that since Phang and Hooi Loo were both involved in
Healthcare, they must have shared “a common understanding of the material
facts”; that is, that they were “sufficiently aware of the surrounding
circumstances and share[d] the object” such that it could properly be said
that “they were acting in concert at the time of the acts complained of” (at
[113]–[114] of EFT Holdings). This ignored Phang’s and Hooi Loo’s evidence
that the latter simply took instructions from the former, in respect of the
acts alleged to evince conspiracy, and shared no “common understanding” with
him nor with Healthcare 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

See, eg, [256] of Phang’s and Healthcare’s closing submissions.

. There was no attempt by Corporation in the course of the trial or in closing
submissions to come to grips with the evidence.

257 In any event, the “unlawful” acts which Corporation relied on related to
the various alleged breaches of duties by Phang and also the alleged “passing
off”. Given my findings on these allegations 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

See [114]-[154], [164]-[186] and [223]-[233] above.

, it followed there were no “unlawful acts” which could be relied on to
establish a tort of unlawful means conspiracy.

258 For the reasons set out above, I found that Corporation was unable to
prove its conspiracy claim.

Confidential information

259 I also address at this point Corporation’s allegations about “confidential
information”. In the original iteration of its statement of claim, Corporation
had pleaded several categories of information which it claimed amounted to
confidential information 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

[4] of the Statement of Claim filed on 12 December 2018.

. These paragraphs were subsequently deleted. Nevertheless, in its amended
statement of claim, Corporation pleaded that “[i]n the course of [Phang’s]
employment with [Corporation], [Phang] had access to [Corporation’s]
confidential information” 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

[5] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. Corporation also pleaded that Hooi Loo was subject to both express and
implied contractual obligations to refrain from disclosing to “any
unauthorized individual” in the course of her employment “any information
concerning the interest or business of [Corporation] or any of its subsidiary
or associated companies or any of their clients” 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

[12] and [12(1)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. She was also said to be subject to an implied contractual obligation not to
reveal to any person or company at any time (whether during or after her term
of employment) any of the trade secrets, business methods of information [sic]
which [she] knew or ought reasonably to have known to be confidential
concerning the business or affairs of [Corporation]” 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

[12(1)(d)] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

.

260 In Henry’s AEIC, he set out several categories of information which he
claimed amounted to “confidential information”. In summary, these consisted of
the names and contact details of Corporation’s suppliers and customers; the
prices at which Corporation supplied goods and services to customers; the
prices at which Corporation procured goods and services from its suppliers;
and “summary of [Corporation’s] monthly sales to customers including the
payments [sic] terms for the customers and the profit margins of [Corporation]
on its business with their customers” 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

[27] of Henry’s AEIC.

. Henry also claimed that Phang had access to these four categories of alleged
“confidential information” 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

[28] of Henry’s AEIC.

. In addition, Henry claimed that Phang was one of only three Corporation
employees who enjoyed access to the company’s MYOB system – an online
“accounting system, which keeps track of all transactional matters, including
sales to customers, purchases from suppliers, sales reports etc”. Henry added
that the MYOB system “requires secure log-in credentials” 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

[30] of Henry’s AEIC.

and that these measures were put in place ‘to ensure that confidential
information would not be used, other than for the benefit of [Corporation]”
362

##### Foot Note 362

×

[31] of Henry’s AEIC.

.

261 The brief snippets pleaded in the amended statement of claim and the above
assertions in Henry’s AEIC seemed to hint at some sort of allegation of breach
of confidence on Phang’s and/or Hooi Loo’s part – but a hint was all it
amounted to in the end. In its amended statement of claim, Corporation did not
actually plead the elements of the tort of breach of confidence against either
Phang or Hooi Loo. In relation to Phang, whilst it was pleaded that he had
access to confidential information because of his position as a director of
Corporation, it was not disputed that he did not have any written contract of
employment with Corporation: there was nothing in writing that expressly
provided for the existence and scope of his alleged confidentiality
obligations to Corporation. The amended statement of claim said nothing about
the basis on which a duty of confidence might be said to arise on Phang’s
part: in fact, the words “duty of confidence” were not used at all in
connection with Phang. In relation to Hooi Loo, while it was pleaded that her
employment contract expressly stipulated confidentiality obligations, it was
not pleaded that she had any access to information regarded by Corporation as
“confidential information”. Per Henry’s AEIC, she was not one of the
Corporation employees who could access the MYOB system; and in cross-
examination, he confirmed she had no such access 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

See transcript of 26 February 2020 at p 170 lines 1-20.

. Further, in relation to both Phang and Hooi Loo, the particulars pleaded of
their various breaches did not include particulars of any breach of the duty
of confidence.

262 Given the state of Corporation’s pleadings, there was no basis for any
finding of breach of confidence on either Phang’s or Hooi Loo’s part.

Observations on Corporation’s pleadings, claims for relief and handling of
evidence

263 Before I turn to Phang’s counterclaim, I find it necessary to put on
record the following observations about Corporation’s pleadings, its claims
for relief, and the manner in which it purported to put forward evidence in
support of its case.

264 Firstly, as I noted earlier in these written grounds, the manner in which
Corporation pleaded its case in the statement of claim was often confusing. I
found it regrettable that Corporation apparently decided to take a
“scattershot” approach by alleging as many breaches against the three
defendants as it could think of, but often without bothering to plead the
elements of each purported cause of action or the material facts relied on in
support thereof. In some instances, it appeared to use the words “and/or” as
some sort of umbrella term for covering any gaps in its pleadings, even when
the use of these words made nonsense of its very case. I refer, for example,
to the claims it brought against Healthcare for allegedly acting in “dishonest
and/or knowing assistance” [emphasis added] in relation to Phang’s alleged
breaches of duties 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

[27] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

, which it then framed elsewhere in the statement of claim as “knowing
assistance and receipt” 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

[28] of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

[emphasis added].

265 Secondly, some of the claims for relief pleaded by Corporation appeared to
me to be wholly misconceived. On the one hand, it sought to claim from the
defendants an account of secret profits, including any directors’ fees paid by
Healthcare to Phang and Hooi Loo. In other words, it sought relief based on
the gain allegedly achieved by the defendants. On the other hand, it sought
orders for the payment by the defendants of various sums said to represent
losses caused to it by the operation of Healthcare’s business and in
particular the diversion of the Halyard distributorship. It also sought orders
for damages in respect of Phang’s and Hooi Loo’s alleged breaches of duties.
These orders would constitute a loss-based measure of relief. The law is clear
that a plaintiff cannot claim both gain-based and loss-based relief arising
from the same alleged wrong. Thus, in Quality Assurance Management Asia Pte
Ltd v Zhang Qing and others [2013] 3 SLR 631, where the plaintiff (“QAM”) had
sought various relief against the defendants including injunctions, damages
and account of profits, the High Court held (at [18]):

… Damages are, of course, relief assessed based on the loss suffered by QAM.
An account of profits is relief based on the gain achieved by one or more of
the defendants. It is clear that QAM could not pursue both a loss-based
measure of relief and a gain-based measure of relief arising from the same
wrongful conduct. [emphasis in original]

266 It should also be noted that in praying for damages from both Phang and
Hooi Loo, Corporation asserted that these damages should be assessed with
reference to the salaries it had paid the two defendants over the years (from
2005 to 24 August 2018 in Phang’s case, and from 2007 to 24 August 2018 in
Hooi Loo’s case). 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Schedule 2 and Schedule 3 of Corporation’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No.
2).

In my view, such a claim was clearly wrong in principle. In Goh Chan Peng and
others v Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR
592 (“Beyonics”), which also involved a company (“Beyonics”) suing its former
director (“Goh”) for breaches of his fiduciary duties. Inter alia, Beyonics
sought to recover the post-resignation salary of $45,900 paid to Goh, on the
basis that it was paid in ignorance of his various breaches of duty which he
should have disclosed. At first instance, the trial judge allowed this claim
and ordered that the salary payment be repaid to Beyonics. On appeal, the CA
disagreed with the trial judge. Noting that she had relied on the case of John
While Springs (S) Pte Ltd v Goh Sai Chuah Justin [2004] 3 SLR(R) 596 (“John
While Springs”), the CA held that this reliance was in error (at [87]):

… [W]e do not agree that John While Springs supported the Judge’s findings on
this issue. In John While Springs, Choo Han Teck J allowed the plaintiffs to
reclaim bonus payments paid to their ex-employee who had breached his
fiduciary duty on the basis that ‘[n]o reasonable employer would have offered
a bonus to a cheating employee, or one who was in breach of his fiduciary duty
as was the case here’. However, the present case can be distinguished on the
facts. Unlike a bonus that is ‘generally a payment fashioned as a reward as
well as an incentive’ (John While Springs at [7]), salaries paid after
resignation are generally contractually due to the employee. In such
situations, payments of salary after resignation are not gestures of goodwill,
but would be the employee’s contractual entitlement. In Schonk Antonius
Martinus Mattheus v Enholco Pte Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 881 (“Schonk”), this court
held that an employer may not use an employee’s breach of fiduciary duties to
justify withholding payment of salary that that employee is entitled to.
Instead, the employer would only be entitled to make a deduction from the
employee’s salary in respect of such losses as the employer can prove that it
has suffered by reason of the employee’s breach (Schonk at [15]). The employee
in breach in Schonk was held to have been entitled as a matter of law to his
salary for so long as he was working and, in the particular circumstances of
that case, regarded himself as an employee. …

267 In light of the CA’s reasoning in Beyonics, Corporation was not entitled
to claw back from Phang and Hooi Loo their past salaries. In this connection,
I did consider whether this was a case where Corporation believed itself to be
entitled to claim repayment of an amount equivalent to the deduction it was
“entitled to make” from their past salaries “in respect of such losses as [it
could] prove that it ha[d] suffered by reason of [their] breach[es]”. However,
even assuming this was an acceptable justification, the manner in which
Corporation purported to “prove” the losses suffered by reason of the breaches
was without any principled basis. In Phang’s case, it was argued that he
should pay damages equivalent to 80.31% of his past salary payments because an
analysis of his WhatsApp conversations with Healthcare employees showed that
he spent 80.31% of his time on Healthcare’s business. In Hooi Loo’s case, on
the other hand, it was argued that since Healthcare’s gross revenue over the
years accounted for only 84.86% of the combined gross revenue of the Malaysian
branch office and Healthcare in the same period, this meant that she must have
spent 84.86% of her time working on “earning revenue” for Healthcare, which in
turn must oblige her to repay Corporation 84.86% of her past salaries. Neither
approach appeared to me to be sensible or backed by any coherent logic.

268 In addition, Corporation’s attempt to claim damages assessed in terms of
Phang’s and Hooi Loo’s past salaries struck me as being disingenuous in light
of the previous striking out of its original claim for claw-back of Phang’s
salary. In striking out the claim for claw-back of Phang’s salary, the
assistant registrar (“AR”) had made it clear that an employee would be
entitled to his salary unless statute provided otherwise or unless there had
been a total failure of consideration (the latter not having been pleaded by
Corporation). Corporation did not appeal the AR’s order. In nonetheless
seeking damages assessed in terms of past salary payments, Corporation
appeared to me to be trying to obtain via a backdoor approach the very thing
the AR had held it could not have.

269 In respect of Corporation’s claim for claw-back of Phang’s and Hooi Loo’s
past bonus payments, as I have found against it on its claims of breaches of
duties, it was not entitled to get these claw-backs; and no more need be said
here about this claim.

270 Thirdly, I found the manner in which Corporation presented its evidence
frankly disquieting. To begin with, there were odd and unexplained gaps in the
documentary records it put forward. For example, it disclosed its own audited
financial statements for the years 2012 to 2018 – but not for the years
preceding 2012. There did not seem to be any cogent reason why the financial
statements for the years preceding 2012 could not be produced, especially
since it had made a point of exhibiting Healthcare’s audited accounts for the
years 2004 to 2016 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

[151] and pp 304-536 of Henry’s AEIC.

.

271 More disturbingly, Corporation’s chief witness Henry appeared prone to
making sweeping and at times misleading statements in his AEIC which in cross-
examination he had difficulty sustaining. I have alluded earlier to several
instances of the seemingly cavalier attitude adopted by Corporation in
presenting evidence in support of its case. I will only mention two instances
here. One example was the misleading statement Henry made in his AEIC about
Primuz’s registration of two CAIR LGL products with the HSA in Singapore 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

See [195]-[196] above.

. Another example of evidence being presented in a misleading manner related
to a set of PowerPoint slides found in the thumb-drive seized from Phang on 24
August 2018 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

[81]-[82] and pp 895-900 of Henry’s AEIC.

. The copy of the slides which was exhibited in Henry’s AEIC appeared to be a
complete slide presentation: the impression given was that this was a
presentation which had been shown or conveyed to Halyard. However, in cross-
examination, it transpired that the copy of the slides exhibited by Henry
actually had several pages omitted from it – and the pages which were omitted
included blank pages and a blank table. Had these missing blank pages and
blank table been included in Henry’s exhibit, it would have become obvious
that these were draft slides which had yet to be completed (and which were
ultimately never presented to Halyard). There was simply no reason for this
selective presentation of evidence – unless it was to mislead the court and to
make Phang look bad.

Phang’s counterclaim

272 I come finally to Phang’s counterclaim. According to Phang, it was an
implied term of his employment with Corporation that his employment should be
determinable only by reasonable notice. He contended that given his
responsibilities as a director and his years of experience, a reasonable
notice period would have been 12 months.

273 Corporation’s response to this counterclaim, as pleaded in its amended
reply, was that it was entitled to terminate Phang’s employment summarily
because of his “dishonest and/or fraudulent and/or negligent design in breach
of his duties as a director and agent of [Corporation] and/or in breach of
trust” 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

[20] of Corporation’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim of 1st Defendant
(Amendment No. 3).

. In this connection, I have found that Corporation failed to prove on a
balance of probabilities the various breaches alleged.

274 In Richardson and another v Koefod [1969] 1 WLR 1812 (“Richardson”), it
was held by the English Court of Appeal (at 1816) that in the absence of
express contractual stipulation, “the rule is that every contract of service
is determinable by reasonable notice. The length of notice depends on the
circumstances of the case.” Richardson was followed by our CA in Teh Guek Ngor
Engelin née Tan and others v Chia Ee Lin Evelyn and another [2005] 3 SLR(R) 22
(“Teh Engelin”, at [20]). The CA in Teh Engelin held (at [21]) that –

… What is relevant for the purpose of determining the reasonable length of the
period of notice of termination … depends on the individual facts of the case,
and the courts would generally incline towards the period agreed by the
parties, or, in the absence of agreement, a reasonable but determinate period.

275 In Teh Engelin, the respondent (“Chia”) had worked at the law firm for
some seven years prior to the termination of her consultancy by the appellant
and the other partners of the firm. It was pointed out by the CA that she was
described as a “rainmaker” and that “the amount of profits the firm derived
from the work [she] brought in … was substantial” (at [21]–[22]). The CA
upheld the trial judge’s decision that the period of reasonable notice
applicable in this case would be the time required for Chia to complete and
bill all the files on which she would have been entitled to a profit share.

276 In the present case, it was not disputed that there was no written
contract of employment between Corporation and Phang. There was no evidence of
any agreement between them as to the terms of any termination of employment or
of any agreement as to the notice period required for termination. In the
premises, I accepted Phang’s contention that he was entitled to a reasonable
period of notice.

277 As to what the length of this period of notice should be, I noted that
Phang was a co-founder of Corporation, along with Henry; and that he had been
working for Corporation for nearly two decades at the time his employment was
terminated on 24 August 2018. I was of the view that the 12-month notice
period he argued for was excessive, but I did agree that given the
circumstances of this case (including his length of service with Corporation,
his seniority, and his age), a notice period of a mere one to two months would
not have been reasonable. On balance, I concluded that a reasonable notice
period would be six months. I therefore allowed his counterclaim to the extent
that he was to be paid the sum of $96,120 (being his salary and employer’s CPF
contribution for a reasonable notice period of six months), with interest to
run thereon at 5.33% from the date of the writ.

Costs

278 Having dismissed Corporation’s claims and having allowed Phang’s
counterclaim, I ordered that it pay each of the three defendants costs. As
parties were unable to agree on quantum of costs, they sent in written
skeletal submissions. After receiving their submissions, I fixed Phang’s and
Healthcare’s costs at a total of $320,000 plus disbursements of $49,619.89.
The disbursements allowed included the expenses incurred in relation to the
Malaysian law expert (“Ms Ooi”): I found it reasonable to allow this item of
disbursement because it was not until trial that it transpired Ms Ooi’s
testimony would not be required. As for Hooi Loo’s costs, I fixed them at a
total of $220,000 plus disbursements of $49,876.11. In fixing costs in these
amounts, I took into account inter alia the number of days taken for the trial
(11 days) and the large number of issues raised by Corporation which were
unmeritorious but which still required defence counsel to expend time and
effort to address.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judicial Commissioner

Martin Francis Decruz and Alexander Loh (Shenton Law Practice LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Gan Theng Chong and Kelley Wong Kar Ee (Lee & Lee) for the first and second
defendants;

Sharon Chong Chin Yee, Nandhu, Nadene Law Qin Ning and Renee Sim (RHTLaw Asia
LLP) for the third defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 Dec 2020 (17:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

