Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 21

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9147 of 2019

Between

| Chong Kum Heng  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory Offences] — [Corruption, Drug Trafficking and
Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed)]

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory Offences] — [Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chong Kum Heng

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2019] SGHC 21

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9147 of 2019  
See Kee Oon J  
30 October 2019

30 January 2020 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

1 This is the Appellant’s appeal against the decision of the District Judge
(“the DJ”) in Public Prosecutor v Chong Kum Heng [2019] SGDC 146 (“the
decision below”).

2 The Appellant was charged with three counts of criminal breach of trust
(“CBT”) as a servant (“the CBT offences”) and six counts of using the benefits
of his CBT offences (“the CDSA offences”). The DJ convicted him of all nine
charges and sentenced him to a total of 39 months’ imprisonment.

3 A somewhat unusual feature of this case is that the Appellant’s principal
did not deem itself to have suffered direct loss or harm as a result of the
Appellant’s actions. However, for reasons which I shall elaborate upon, this
does not negate the Appellant’s criminal liability or attenuate his
culpability for the wrongful gain that he had obtained.

4 While I agree with the DJ that the CBT and CDSA offences have been made out,
I am of the view that the sentences imposed are excessive. I thus impose a
reduced aggregate sentence of 32 months’ imprisonment upon the Appellant.

5 The reasons for my decision are as follows.

Facts

Background

6 The Appellant claimed trial to a total of nine charges. Three of these
charges were CBT charges pursuant to s 408 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“PC”). The other six charges were pursuant to s 47(1)(c) read with s
47(6)(a) of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes
(Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”).

7 In the proceedings below, the parties agreed to a statement of facts
(“ASOF”). I set out below a summarised version of the ASOF together with other
undisputed facts.

8 The Appellant was a project manager employed by RCS Engineering Pte Ltd
(“RCS”) which is in the business of carrying out electrical and cabling works
(“electrical works”) as a sub-contractor.

9 The Appellant reported to Sia Ik Ting (“Sia”), who was the main witness for
the Respondent. For all intents and purposes, Sia owned RCS, which he founded
in 2001. Sia was the Appellant’s boss. RCS was engaged to install electrical
works at two building projects. These electrical works included the
installation of copper cables. Upon the completion of these works, there would
usually be excess cables (“wastage”) ranging from a few centimetres to two
metres in length. It was the obligation of RCS to clear the wastage from the
work site.

10 RCS left it to its project managers (including the Appellant) to manage the
disposal of the wastage. Project managers may request RCS’s sub-contractors to
dispose of the wastage. They may also dispose of the wastage themselves by
selling them as scrap. The sale proceeds may thereafter be used for site
expenses and/or personal usage and out of pocket expenses and incentives (for
staff) which may not be claimable under RCS’s petty cash.

11 Examples of such site expenses/incentives include reimbursement for taxi
fares so that engineers and workers may come to work early or work
late/overtime; purchase of food and drinks for site staff and workers or the
main contractor’s hoisting/lift operators when RCS required them to work after
office hours; or replacement of missing test instruments and tools.

12 The Appellant handled the disposal and sale of wastage in respect of two
projects and deposited the sale proceeds into his bank accounts as follows:

Account| Amount| Date  
---|---|---  
OCBC Acc 1| $12,000| 14 May 2012  
POSB Acc 1| $30,000| 16 March 2013  
POSB Acc 1| $29,000| 4 April 2013  
OCBC Acc 2| $30,000| 10 June 2013  
OCBC Acc 2| $15,000| 12 October 2013  
POSB Acc 1| $9,000| 11 March 2014  
POSB Acc 1| $29,000| 15 November 2014  
POSB Acc 1| $20,000| 22 March 2015  
  
13 The Appellant also deposited $40,000 on 10 April 2013 into another POSB
bank account (“POSB Acc 2”), which was a joint account held by the Appellant
and his mother. According to the Appellant, however, this was his mother’s
savings, rather than sale proceeds from the wastage. Apart from this deposit,
it is not in contention that the remaining deposits represented proceeds of
the sale of wastage by the Appellant. The total amount of deposits, inclusive
of the $40,000, was $214,000.

14 The Appellant subsequently withdrew various sums of money for the following
purposes:

Date| Withdrawal amount (by cheque)| Purpose of withdrawal  
---|---|---  
18 March 2013| $42,450| 5% Booking Fee for a condominium unit (“the
condominium unit”)  
12 April 2013| $79,500| Payment to Commissioner of Stamp Duties for the
condominium unit  
7 May 2013| $127,350| Deposit for the purchase of the condominium unit  
11 March 2014| $9,428.91| Payment of charges incurred on a Citibank credit
card  
17 November 2014| $25,300| Payment of a deposit for the purchase of a Toyota
Harrier vehicle  
27 March 2015| $54,615| Placement of a insurance term deposit with Prudential
Assurance  
  
15 The Appellant’s withdrawals and subsequent spending form the subject-matter
of the six CDSA charges.

The DJ’s decision

16 With regard to the CBT offences, the DJ found, relying on the Appellant’s
statements to the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”), that the
disputed $40,000 deposit constituted sale proceeds rather than the Appellant’s
mother’s savings (see the decision below at [35]).

17 The DJ also found that the Appellant had been entrusted with the proceeds
arising from the sale of the wastage, and had acted dishonestly in
misappropriating those sale proceeds (see the decision below at [48] and
[67]).

18 As for the CDSA charges, the DJ held that the sale proceeds, when deposited
into the Appellant’s various bank accounts, had “tainted” the entire pool of
funds (see the decision below at [69]). The Appellant had then used these
“tainted” funds in his purchase of the condominium unit and car, as well as
payment for credit card charges and term insurance. His usage of the “tainted”
funds constituted the essential element of the CDSA offences (see the decision
below at [76]).

19 Finally, the DJ sentenced the Appellant to a global imprisonment sentence
of 39 months (see the decision below at [93]). The sentences in respect of two
CBT charges (the 5th and 6th Charges) and one CDSA charge (the 11th Charge)
were ordered to run consecutively, with those in respect of the remaining
charges to run concurrently.

20 In reaching his decision, the DJ noted that then counsel for the Appellant
neither sought to distinguish any of the sentencing precedents raised by the
Respondent, nor made submissions on sentence except for a request for a non-
custodial sentence (see the decision below at [87]–[88]).

The parties’ cases

21 In their submissions on appeal before me, the parties took diametrically
opposed positions. I shall proceed to outline their main submissions.

22 Counsel for the Appellant’s submissions comprised three main portions,
focusing on the CBT offences, the CDSA offences and the imprisonment term
imposed by the DJ.

23 Counsel for the Appellant emphasised how the Appellant had not been
entrusted with dominion over the consequential sale proceeds. He submitted
that the Appellant had not been dishonest in his actions, and that the DJ
placed excessive weight on the testimony of the Respondent’s witnesses – Sia
and Kuik Sin Pin (“Kuik”) – who had both testified as to the manner of
disposal of wastage and the consequent usage of the sale proceeds if any. Kuik
is the executive director of Sim Lian Group Limited, of which RCS is a
subsidiary. Further, counsel for the Appellant contended that the DJ had
failed to appreciate the factual background of the present case. Specifically,
the CBT charges were not made out as the Appellant was merely dealing with
wastage that RCS itself deemed to be of no value. Additionally, CBT could not
be said to have occurred since RCS did not take issue with the Appellant’s
collection and sale of the wastage.

24 Counsel for the Appellant’s main contention with the DJ’s decision to
convict the Appellant under the CDSA was that the CDSA applies only to money
laundering offences, and the Appellant was not found to have been guilty of
such offences. In addition, he argued that the CDSA and CBT charges are
premised on the same facts, which triggers the rule against double jeopardy.

25 Finally, it was argued that both the individual and aggregate imprisonment
sentences that the DJ imposed were excessive.

26 The Respondent, on the other hand, essentially argued that I should affirm
the DJ’s reasoning and uphold his decision.

Issues to be determined

27 The following key issues arise for my determination in this appeal:

(a) Whether the DJ erred in convicting the Appellant in relation to the CBT
offences;

(b) Whether the DJ erred in convicting the Appellant in relation to the CDSA
offences; and

(c) Whether the aggregate imprisonment sentence of 39 months is excessive.

The appeal against conviction for the CBT offences

Whether the Appellant was entrusted with the sale proceeds

28 The primary question is whether the Appellant had been entrusted with the
proceeds arising from the sale of the wastage. In making a finding that the
Appellant had indeed been so entrusted, the DJ relied on the testimony of Sia
and, to a lesser extent, that of Kuik as well.

29 In the proceedings below, Sia testified that while there were no official
written company policies on the disposal of wastage, the longstanding practice
in RCS was for the consequential sale proceeds to be used by RCS’s senior
managers and project managers to “take care of the company property”, and “for
staff benefit”. This was communicated to RCS’s project managers during
informal discussions.

30 A letter setting out RCS’s policies on wastage, which was enclosed in an
email sent by Sia to the Appellant dated 13 December 2017 (exhibit D4),
confirms and supports this longstanding practice. The letter, entitled
“Company Policies on Excess Materials and Second Job” (“the Company Policy
email”), states that project managers may:

… keep the sale proceeds for site expenses and/or for personal usage and out
of pockets expenses and incentives which may not be claimable under our petty
cash. Examples of such site expenses/incentives are taxi fare for Site
Engineers and Workers to come in earlier or work late/overtime, food and
drinks for site staff and workers, main contractor hoisting/lift operators
when we require them to work after hours, as we do not provide meal allowance,
replacement of missing test instruments and tools …

31 While the term “personal usage” was indeed stated as an acceptable use of
the sale proceeds of wastage, Sia had explained in cross-examination that it
had to be “project related” and “you cannot say personal usage is personal”
(see the decision below at [58]). The examples given by Sia in fact make it
unambiguously and amply clear that RCS never envisioned that a project manager
could simply pocket the sale proceeds and enrich himself personally. Instead,
the sale proceeds were to be used for the benefit of RCS’s staff and workers
or for miscellaneous worksite expenses. The flexibility in the company’s
policy lay in RCS not requiring its project managers to strictly account for
how the sale proceeds were used. With this “honour system” that RCS adopted,
project managers were trusted to use their discretion judiciously and
responsibly.

32 I agree with the DJ’s finding that the Appellant was indeed entrusted with
dominion over the sale proceeds arising from the sale of the wastage. The DJ
correctly relied on the Appellant’s statements to the CPIB admitting that Sia
had communicated relevant instructions relating to the wastage to him. The
Appellant was well aware of the fact that RCS did have policies in place for
the use of the sale proceeds (see below at [39]). Further, Sia had confirmed
that there was a longstanding practice in place in RCS pertaining to these
matters, corroborated by Sia’s email cited above at [30].

Sia’s credibility

33 The DJ found that Sia was “completely objective and honest as a witness”.
In contrast, he doubted the Appellant’s credibility (see the decision below at
[61] and [66]).

34 As a starting point, an appellate court should be slow to overturn a trial
judge’s findings of fact, especially where they hinge on the trial judge’s
assessment of the credibility and veracity of witnesses, unless they can be
shown to be plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence (see
Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at [34]).

35 I am unable to see any reasonable basis to challenge the DJ’s finding that
Sia was an honest and reliable witness. Sia’s evidence on a number of matters
went against RCS’s interests. For instance, Sia accepted that RCS did not have
any official written company policies relating to the disposal of the wastage
(see above at [29]) and that he was the person who had inserted the phrase
“and/or for personal usage” in the Company Policy email (exhibit D4). Sia also
openly expressed a predisposition towards wanting to help the Appellant. He
had no reason to wrongly implicate the Appellant. He prepared a testimonial
for the Appellant to assist the latter in his mitigation plea in the
proceedings below, stating that he had been “an excellent employee”. The DJ
was fully entitled to accept that Sia was a candid and credible witness.

Whether the Appellant had acted dishonestly

36 A finding of dishonesty must be made before an accused can be said to be
guilty of a CBT offence. It is settled law that in order to establish such a
finding, the accused must know that the gain or loss was wrongful; where it
can be shown that the accused genuinely believed that he was legally entitled
to perform the relevant transactions, dishonesty would not be present (see
Public Prosecutor v Lam Leng Hung [2017] 4 SLR 474 (“Lam Leng Hung”) at [178],
citing Ang Teck Hwa v Public Prosecutor [1987] SLR(R) 513 at [36] and Tan Tze
Chye v Public Prosecutor [1997] 1 SLR(R) 876 at [49]).

37 As stated above at [29]–[30], Sia gave firm evidence that according to
company policy, where sale proceeds arose from the managers’ disposal of
wastage, they were to be used for the welfare of RCS’s employees or for
worksite expenses. The Appellant was conscious of this, as well as the fact
that it would be improper for him to retain such proceeds, especially when
they were of a large quantum.

38 On the Appellant’s own evidence, instead of applying the sale proceeds for
their intended purpose, he chose to keep “at least 80%” of the sale proceeds
for himself and only used some 20% for that specified purpose. He
surreptitiously kept the lion’s share of the sale proceeds for his personal
use. He was not merely opportunistic but plainly dishonest, motivated
predominantly by greed and self-interest.

39 In the Appellant’s statement to the CPIB dated 29 July 2016, he stated the
following:

I wish to add that I had never informed Christopher Sia on how much monies I
had received from the sale of these excess copper cables over all these years.
I know that if I had informed him of the amount I have been receiving for
these excess copper cables, Christopher Sia will asked [sic] me to return
these monies to the company. [emphasis added in italics]

40 This betrayed the Appellant’s guilty mind. It unequivocally demonstrated
that the Appellant was keenly aware of his impropriety and was dishonest in
retaining the sale proceeds. As to the element of dishonesty, “mere knowledge
of a disobedience of direction does not necessarily equate to knowledge of a
lack of legal entitlement to do an act; much will depend on the facts and
circumstances surrounding the breach of direction” (see Lam Leng Hung at
[183]). Where what is perceived to be the more advantageous course of action
for one’s principal is proceeded with, lack of dishonesty would be more
readily inferred; the converse is also true.

41 The manner in which the Appellant used the consequential sale proceeds
could in no way be said to be more advantageous to RCS, as compared to
applying them wholly for the benefit of RCS’s employees or for worksite
expenses as he ought to have. I am of the view that a finding of dishonesty is
thus even more strongly made out.

RCS’s position towards the Appellant’s actions

42 I note, however, that there remains the issue of what the Appellant deemed
as the “factual background” of the matter – that RCS seemingly deemed the
wastage as being of no value, and that it never took the position that the
Appellant’s actions were wrong. As stated above at [23], it was vigorously
argued that the DJ had failed to appreciate this factor. In his oral
submissions, counsel took pains to emphasise that the Appellant was merely
acting like any enterprising “karang guni” (ie “rag-and-bone”) man who
collects and recycles items like old newspapers or household items which are
discarded and deemed to have no value.

43 I disagree with this argument for the simple reason that the DJ was
entitled to find that the Appellant had been given specific instructions
regarding the disposal of the wastage and the usage of the sale proceeds. Sia
was no doubt somewhat trusting in not requiring the use of the sale proceeds
to be accounted for, but it is clear that the Appellant dishonestly took
advantage of Sia’s laxity (and what would appear to be RCS’s liberal corporate
governance) to advance his own personal interest. In any event, counsel’s
“karang guni” newspaper collection analogy is not factually apposite. It
suffices to say that even for the items that they collect, eg. old newspapers,
“karang guni” men do ordinarily make some payment, however nominal, to the
relevant parties whom they obtain them from – unless the said items are
literally left lying discarded so that anyone can help themselves to them
should they wish to do so.

44 As for the argument that RCS took no issue with the Appellant’s conduct, it
bears mentioning that a prosecution is brought in the public interest,
pursuant to the prosecutorial discretion of the Attorney-General. The fact
that there may not have been any complaints filed by RCS, being the “victim”
in this matter, does not change this. I have no doubt that the DJ was correct
in finding that the Appellant did knowingly obtain wrongful gain through his
conduct.

The appeal against conviction for the CDSA offences

Scope of the CDSA

45 Counsel for the Appellant submitted that s 47(1)(c) of the CDSA is focused
on the offence of money laundering, and that it does not capture an accused
who merely uses the benefits from criminal conduct – the benefits had to be
“concealed” or “disguised”. According to counsel, a purposive interpretation
of the CDSA would purportedly reveal that s 47(1)(c) was to be read in
conjunction with s 47(1)(a).

46 I am of the view that this argument is fundamentally flawed. On a plain
reading, s 47(1)(c) is clearly intended to be read as a stand-alone offence
with three possible alternative elements of “acquiring”, “possessing” or
“using” property that represents benefits from criminal conduct. These are
alternative facets of money laundering, which is a generic term and not a term
of art. The term “money laundering” is also not specifically defined in the
CDSA. There is no reason in my view to conflate two separate offence sections.

47 That s 47(1)(c) was meant to be a stand-alone offence is confirmed by the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) (Amendment) Bill (Bill 33 of 2007) (“CDSA Bill”). Clause 10(d)
amended s 47 of the then CDSA by “deleting the word “Concealing” in the
section heading and substituting the words “Acquiring, possessing, using,
concealing””. Additionally, the explanatory statement to the CDSA Bill
explains that the Bill sought to “amend the [CDSA] … to extend the scope of
the money laundering offences under the Act to the acquisition, possession and
use of proceeds of crime”.

48 The reference to the intent to “extend the scope of the money laundering
offences under the Act” is highly instructive. It clearly suggests that
concealment is but one way to satisfy the requirements of s 47(1) – it is not
the only way. In any case, the Appellant can be said to have concealed the
sale proceeds by using them for his various personal expenses. No one except
the Appellant himself would have known he had used them for his personal
benefit – certainly not Sia or RCS.

Double jeopardy

49 Counsel for the Appellant claimed that the Respondent had relied on the
same facts in establishing both the CDSA and CBT charges, which offends the
rule against double jeopardy.

50 The Appellant appears to have conflated the rule against double jeopardy
with the rule against double counting. As stated by the Court of Appeal in Kho
Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 135 at [125], “[t]he rule against
double jeopardy is that a person cannot be made to face more than one trial
for the same offence”. In contrast, the rule against double counting provides
that while “the same set of facts may establish liability under two or more
written laws, there cannot be double punishment for the same offence” (see Tan
Khee Koon v Public Prosecutor [1995] 3 SLR(R) 404 (“Tan Khee Koon”) at [104]).
The Appellant’s complaint appears to be premised on the rule against double
counting, rather than the rule against double jeopardy.

51 There is little merit in the Appellant’s contention. At present, there are
two different types of offences at play, as there are both CBT and CDSA
offences. The facts engaged by these two types of offences do not overlap.
While the CBT charges focus on the Appellant depositing the sale proceeds into
his bank accounts, the CDSA charges concern the Appellant’s subsequent acts in
using the aforementioned sale proceeds. This is hence a far cry from a
situation of double counting.

The appeal against sentence

52 While the Appellant’s appeal against conviction is unmeritorious, I am of
the view that there are grounds for a reduction in the individual and
aggregate sentences.

53 As outlined in Public Prosecutor v Vitria Depsi Wahyuni (alias Fitriah)
[2013] 1 SLR 699 at [19], an appellate court will not ordinarily disturb the
sentence imposed by the lower court, except where it is satisfied that:

(a) the sentencing judge erred with respect to the proper factual basis for
sentencing;

(b) the trial judge failed to appreciate the materials placed before him;

(c) the sentencing was wrong in principle; and/or

(d) the sentence was manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate.

54 As noted above at [20], the Appellant’s then-counsel did not make any
sentencing submissions before the DJ, save to ask that a custodial sentence
not be imposed.

Sentences imposed for the CBT offences

55 In considering the appropriate sentence for the CBT offences, the DJ had,
pursuant to the Respondent’s submissions, placed considerable weight on the
decision of Public Prosecutor v Wan Kam Lan DAC 920285-2018 and others (11
July 2018) (“Wan Kam Lan”) (see the decision below at [85]). In Wan Kam Lan,
the accused had pleaded guilty to a number of charges, including a CBT charge
of approximately $125,796.32. She was sentenced to 14 months’ imprisonment for
that charge.

56 The DJ reasoned that after applying an appropriate uplift (given that the
Appellant was convicted after trial and was thus not entitled to any
sentencing discount), the Appellant should be sentenced to 21 months’
imprisonment for the 5th Charge ($111,000), 12 months’ imprisonment for the
6th Charge ($54,000) and 12 months’ imprisonment for the 7th Charge ($49,000).
The following table illustrates the punishment imposed by the DJ for the CBT
offences:

Charge No| Quantum converted to own use (as stated in the charge)| Original
Sentence  
---|---|---  
5th Charge | $111,000| 21 months’ imprisonment  
6th Charge| $54,000| 12 months’ imprisonment  
7th Charge| $49,000| 12 months’ imprisonment  
  
57 In reaching his decision, the DJ disregarded the fact that RCS did not deem
itself to have suffered loss. As I had noted at the outset, the present case
differed somewhat from most other CBT cases. First, not only was RCS not the
complainant, it had also purportedly not perceived itself to have suffered
tangible loss or damage. In addition, it was open to either RCS’s
subcontractors or the Appellant to dispose of the wastage. The Appellant was
permitted to take it upon himself to handle this task and obtain the sale
proceeds, without having to properly account for their use. This was conceded
by the Respondent in the course of oral submissions.

58 Nevertheless, what remains patently clear is that the Appellant was not
entitled to convert the sale proceeds for his personal enrichment.
Regrettably, this was precisely what he did, contravening his principal’s
direction as to the use of the sale proceeds.

59 As Sundaresh Menon CJ explained in Gan Chai Bee Anne v Public Prosecutor
[2019] 4 SLR 838 (“Gan Chai Bee”) at [42], “economic value is a proxy for the
degree of criminal benefit received by the offender and the degree of harm
caused to the victim, and both are relevant sentencing considerations…” In the
present case, RCS had a company policy for sale proceeds to be used for the
good of the company (ie primarily for the benefit of its workers) if wastage
was disposed of by the relevant RCS managers, as opposed to by RCS’s sub-
contractors. Had the Appellant decided to allow for RCS’s subcontractors to
dispose of the wastage, RCS could arguably be said not to have suffered any
loss or harm at all.

60 The quantum that the Appellant converted to his own use cannot serve as a
direct and accurate proxy for the degree of harm caused to RCS.
Notwithstanding this observation, this has no bearing on the fundamental point
that the Appellant was expected to adhere to RCS’s policy on the use of the
sale proceeds in the first place.

61 RCS appears to have chosen to cast a more forgiving eye upon the
Appellant’s misfeasance. In my view, this neither absolves him of criminal
liability nor does it diminish his culpability. In Public Prosecutor v UI
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 (“UI”), the Court of Appeal noted at [15] that while
forgiveness is a virtue, its role as a mitigating factor in sentencing
practice is quite a different matter. Except in exceptional situations, the
victim’s forgiveness of the offender should not have any effect on the
sentence to be imposed on the offender (see UI at [67]). Thus, the fact that
RCS did not consider itself to have suffered any tangible loss or harm should
not serve as a valid mitigating factor. To be clear, this only reflects RCS’s
questionable corporate governance. Moreover, the fact that RCS has adopted a
generous stance is of no assistance to the Appellant when he remains
unremorseful and continues to maintain in claiming trial that he had done no
wrong.

62 In determining the appropriate sentence, the sentence in Wan Kam Lan can be
considered as a starting point, especially given the fairly close quanta of
$125,796.32 (in Wan Kam Lan) and $111,000 (the 5th Charge). However, the
factual differences between the cases must be properly highlighted and
considered. The accused’s conduct in Wan Kam Lan, which involved the
falsification of the company’s records and the issuance of company cheques to
herself for personal gain, was more egregious than the Appellant’s.

63 There was, however, some restitution by the accused in Wan Kam Lan, as well
as an early plea of guilt. Restitution reduces the degree of economic harm
suffered by the victim and, if timely and voluntary, serves as evidence of the
offender’s remorse (see Gan Chai Bee at [61]–[63]). While there was limited
restitution in Wan Kam Lan (to the tune of $12,000), there was no restitution
at all in the present case. In addition, a plea of guilt is considered as one
of many offender-specific mitigating factors (see Ng Kean Meng Terence v
Public Prosecutor [2017] SGCA 37 at [71]).

64 An uplift from the sentence of 14 months’ imprisonment imposed in Wan Kam
Lan would be justifiable in principle, but I do not agree that 21 months (a
50% increase) was fair and proportionate on the facts of this case.
Correspondingly, for the 6th and 7th CBT Charges which involve amounts far
less than that in the 5th Charge, the sentences ought also to be moderated
slightly downwards.

65 Having considered the relevant factors, I am of the view that the sentences
imposed for the CBT offences should be reduced accordingly:

Charge No| Quantum converted to own use (as stated in the charge)| Original
Sentence| Reduced Sentence  
---|---|---|---  
5th Charge | $111,000| 21 months’ imprisonment| 18 months’ imprisonment  
6th Charge| $54,000| 12 months’ imprisonment| 10 months’ imprisonment  
7th Charge| $49,000| 12 months’ imprisonment| 10 months’ imprisonment  
  
Sentences imposed for the CDSA offences

66 In determining the applicable sentences for the CDSA offences, the DJ,
having regard to the Respondent’s sentencing precedents, noted that the
sentence imposed for criminal benefits of up to about $30,000 was around three
months’ imprisonment, while the sentence imposed for larger amounts above
$30,000 was six months’ imprisonment and higher (see the decision below at
[86]). However, he also noted that the sentencing precedents presented to him
concerned cases where the accused had pleaded guilty. He thus applied an
uplift to the sentences imposed on the Appellant:

Charge No| Quantum converted to own use (as stated in the charge)| Original
Sentence  
---|---|---  
8th Charge | $30,000| 9 months’ imprisonment  
9th Charge| $29,000| 9 months’ imprisonment  
10th Charge| $40,000| 9 months’ imprisonment  
11th Charge| $9,000| 6 months’ imprisonment  
12th Charge| $25,300| 9 months’ imprisonment  
13th Charge| $20,000| 9 months’ imprisonment  
  
67 With respect, these sentences appear to be excessive. It would appear that
there was no rational calibration of the sentences for the five charges listed
above that involve sums of $20,000 and above. Rather, in a fairly broad-brush
fashion, a uniform sentence of nine months’ imprisonment was imposed.

68 In determining the appropriate sentence in the present case, apart from the
precedents cited below, reference may also be had to the decision in Public
Prosecutor v Ho Man Yuk [2017] SGDC 23 (“Ho Man Yuk”). There, the trial judge
considered a table of precedents submitted by the Prosecution involving “self-
laundering” cases concerning offenders who had actual knowledge of the tainted
nature of the funds that they were dealing with, and he proceeded to formulate
several sentencing ranges. While he did so in the context of s 47(1)(b)
offences, such offences have been considered as being similar to offences
under s 47(1)(c) (see Public Prosecutor v Henry Tan Yeow Seng [2018] SGDC
311).

69 In Ho Man Yuk, in setting out suggested sentencing ranges pegged to the
amounts involved for the CDSA offences, the trial judge stated:

141 In summary, taking into account the various considerations in this case,
including the amounts involved for the present CDSA offences as compared to
the relevant precedent cases, the fact that the money involved in the present
case was recovered (though not strictly speaking “restituted” – see [129]
above), and the fact that no “plead guilty” sentencing discount should
operate, I applied the following sentencing ranges which did not significantly
deviate from the Prosecution’s sentencing range, except that they were lower
than that proposed by the Prosecution in certain instances:

(a) For amounts less than $5,000 – 2 weeks’ imprisonment;

(b) For amounts from $5,000 to less than $10,000 – 1 months’ imprisonment;

(c) For amounts from $10,000 to less than $40,000 – 2 – 4 months’
imprisonment; …

70 The decision on both conviction and sentence in Ho Man Yuk subsequently
came before me on appeal. While I affirmed the trial judge’s decision and
upheld the sentences imposed (see Shaikh Farid v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5
SLR 1081), I did not comment specifically on the appropriateness of the
sentencing ranges outlined. For present purposes, I should add that it would
be more rational and helpful in formulating a general guide to ensure that the
respective sentencing ranges suggested do not leave gaps in between the
respective bands.

71 In the present case, in contrast to Ho Man Yuk, the money that the
Appellant misappropriated was not recovered. Taking this into consideration,
the following broad sentencing bands adapted from Ho Man Yuk ought to apply
indicatively for the relevant charges in question which involve amounts up to
$40,000:

(a) for amounts less than $5,000 – three weeks’ imprisonment;

(b) for amounts from $5,000 to less than $10,000 – three weeks’ to two months’
imprisonment; and

(c) for amounts from $10,000 to less than $40,000 – two to six months’
imprisonment.

72 Applying the above sentencing bands to the present charges, the sentences
should be reduced as follows:

Charge No| Quantum converted to own use (as stated in the charge)| Original
Sentence| Reduced Sentence  
---|---|---|---  
8th Charge | $30,000| 9 months’ imprisonment| 5 months’ imprisonment  
9th Charge| $29,000| 9 months’ imprisonment| 5 months’ imprisonment  
10th Charge| $40,000| 9 months’ imprisonment| 6 months’ imprisonment  
11th Charge| $9,000| 6 months’ imprisonment| 2 months’ imprisonment  
12th Charge| $25,300| 9 months’ imprisonment| 4 months’ imprisonment  
13th Charge| $20,000| 9 months’ imprisonment| 4 months’ imprisonment  
  
Aggregate sentence imposed

73 In summary, I allow the appeal against sentence and impose the following
sentences on the Appellant:

Charge No| Quantum converted to own use (as stated in the charge)| Original
Sentence| Reduced Sentence  
---|---|---|---  
5th Charge| CBT ($111,000)| 21 months’ imprisonment| 18 months’ imprisonment  
6th Charge| CBT ($54,000)| 12 months’ imprisonment| 10 months’ imprisonment  
7th Charge| CBT ($49,000)| 12 months’ imprisonment| 10 months’ imprisonment  
8th Charge | CDSA ($30,000)| 9 months’ imprisonment| 5 months’ imprisonment  
9th Charge| CDSA ($29,000)| 9 months’ imprisonment| 5 months’ imprisonment  
10th Charge| CSDA ($40,000)| 9 months’ imprisonment| 6 months’ imprisonment  
11th Charge| CDSA ($9,000)| 6 months’ imprisonment| 2 months’ imprisonment  
12th Charge| CDSA ($25,300)| 9 months’ imprisonment| 4 months’ imprisonment  
13th Charge| CDSA ($20,000)| 9 months’ imprisonment| 4 months’ imprisonment  
  
74 While the individual sentences imposed may be appropriate, it is possible
that pursuant to s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”), the individual sentences should be re-calibrated in order to ensure
that the aggregate sentence is one that is just and proportionate in the
circumstances (per Chao Hick Tin JA in Lim Seng Soon v Public Prosecutor
[2015] 1 SLR 1195 (“Lim Seng Soon”) at [40], [43]).

75 Such re-calibration would be required if, for instance, all the CDSA
charges had been brought in respect of the same transaction (see Lim Seng Soon
at [60]). The Appellant argued that the DJ had erred in running three
sentences consecutively because the Appellant’s act of depositing the sale
proceeds into his bank accounts and subsequent use of the monies “are in
essence part of the same transaction” (see Appellant’s submissions at para
131).

76 As explained above at [51], the CBT and CDSA offences engaged different
facts and were separate and distinct offences. They also took place on
separate occasions. There is hence no need for re-calibration of the sentences
imposed in relation to the individual offences in this case.

77 However, following the reduction of the individual sentences relating to
the CBT and CDSA offences, there ought to be a recalibration as to which
sentences ought to run consecutively. Tailoring the punishment to fit the
crime is a fundamental duty in criminal sentencing, and the court must ensure
that “the sentence as a whole is proportionate and adequate in all the
circumstances” (Lim Seng Soon at [39]).

78 In the proceedings below, the DJ had ordered the sentences in relation to
the 5th, 6th and 11th Charges to run consecutively. He imposed a sentence of
six months’ imprisonment in relation to the 11th Charge only, while a uniform
sentence of nine months’ imprisonment was imposed for all the other CDSA
charges. Given the Appellant’s overall criminality and culpability, I find
that it would be just and proportionate to order the sentences for the 5th,
6th and 12th Charges to run consecutively. This would amount to an aggregate
sentence of 32 months’ imprisonment.

Conclusion

79 The appeal against conviction is dismissed but the appeal against sentence
is allowed. I shall order the sentences in respect of the 5th, 6th and 12th
Charges to run consecutively, resulting in an aggregate sentence of 32 months’
imprisonment. The remaining sentences will run concurrently.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Tan Chee Meng, S.C., Paul Loy Chi Syann and Ho Wei Jie, Vincent
(WongPartnership LLP) for the Appellant;  
Jasmin Kaur and Sarah Thaker (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

