Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 42

Criminal Appeal No 4 of 2020

Between

Isham bin Kayubi  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Criminal Case No 34 of 2019

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Isham bin Kayubi  
---  
  
ex Tempore judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual offences] — [Rape] — [Section 375(1)(a)
of the Penal Code]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual offences] — [Sexual assault by
penetration] — [Section 376(1)(a) of the Penal Code]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Isham bin Kayubi

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGCA 42

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 4 of 2020  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Steven Chong JA and Quentin Loh J  
27 April 2020

27 April 2020

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 The appellant faced six proceeded charges consisting of four counts of rape,
an offence under s 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal
Code”) and two counts of sexual assault by penetration, an offence under s
376(1)(a) of the Penal Code. These pertained to two 14-year-old female
victims, each of whom was brought to the appellant’s flat under false
pretenses before being made to engage in sexual acts against her will.

2 At the conclusion of his trial, the appellant was convicted on all of the
charges and the High Court judge (“the Judge”) imposed a global sentence of 32
years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane (see Public Prosecutor v Isham
bin Kayubi [2020] SGHC 44 (“the GD”)). The appellant appeals against his
conviction and sentence.

Facts

3 The appellant’s charges cover three separate incidents: two involving the
first victim and one involving the second victim. We observe at the outset
that the victims’ narratives of their respective encounters with the appellant
bear striking similarities. The thrust of their evidence at trial was as
follows.

The first victim

4 The first victim was introduced to the appellant on the evening of 29
October 2017. She agreed to take care of his flat in exchange for a mobile
phone and accompanied him home. Whilst there, the appellant pulled the first
victim into his bedroom and instructed her to remove her clothes. He made her
fellate him and raped her twice. The appellant recorded videos of these
assaults on his mobile phone and forced the first victim’s continued
compliance by threatening to make the videos go “viral”. He also said he would
call his friends to come over and “gang bang” her unless she complied with his
demands. The appellant sent the first victim home in the early hours of 30
October 2017. He gave her $20 and warned her not to tell anyone about what had
happened, or else he would make the videos of her assault go “viral”.

5 The appellant next saw the first victim on the evening of 2 November 2017 at
the void deck of her then-boyfriend’s flat. Afraid he would make good on his
threat to circulate the abovementioned videos, the first victim agreed to
speak with the appellant at a nearby coffee shop. To her shock, the appellant
took her on his motorcycle to the coffee shop near his flat instead. The first
victim accompanied the appellant up to his flat to put down his motorcycle
helmet. Thereafter, he brought her to the void deck to talk. At around
midnight, the appellant asked the first victim to follow him back to the flat.
In the flat, he raped her again, repeating his threat to make the said videos
go “viral”. He then took her home.

The second victim

6 On 22 September 2017, the second victim received a Whatsapp message from an
unknown sender, who turned out to be the appellant. The pair remained in
intermittent contact. On 14 October 2017, the second victim asked to borrow
$20 from the appellant. This prompted him to offer her $150 to clean his flat,
a proposal she accepted. The appellant picked up the second victim on the
afternoon of 15 October 2017 and took her to his flat. Once there, he pulled
her into his bedroom and removed her clothes. He raped the second victim and
forced her to fellate him, threatening to call fellow members of his
motorcycle gang to come over to the flat if she did not cooperate. These acts
were recorded on his mobile phone. Sometime later, the appellant sent the
second victim home and gave her $20, a motorcycle helmet and a Bluetooth
earpiece.

Proceedings below

7 The appellant was unrepresented at the trial below after his two assigned
counsel from the Criminal Legal Aid Scheme (“CLAS”) discharged themselves with
his consent. He refused to state if he would enter a defence to the charges
when called upon to do so. Instead, he repeatedly requested an adjournment to
engage legal counsel. The Judge held that the appellant had impliedly elected
not to give a defence (see the GD at [47]). Nevertheless, he understood the
appellant’s defence to essentially consist of two limbs. First, that the
victims had consented to their sexual acts with the appellant, and that they
were neither threatened nor coerced. Further or alternatively, that the
appellant was the victim of a conspiracy or fabrication of evidence (see the
GD at [52]–[53]).We pause to note that these two defences are completely
inconsistent on the facts.

8 The Judge found there to be strong corroborative evidence that the appellant
had performed the relevant sexual acts on the victims. In that regard, the
sexual acts against the victims were captured on videos which were recorded on
the appellant’s mobile phone. The timestamps of the videos matched the times
when the victims were in the appellant’s flat when the sexual acts were
committed. Further, the 3 November incident involving the first victim was
corroborated by the detection of the appellant’s semen on the first victim’s
intra-vaginal swabs and on the interior front of her panties. In addition, the
Judge found that both victims were credible and reliable witnesses whose
evidence was generally internally and externally consistent (see the GD at
[62]). The Judge also accepted their accounts that the appellant had coerced
them into complying with his sexual demands using various threats (see the GD
at [83], [85] and [90]). Thus, in his view, the elements of the charges had
been proven beyond a reasonable doubt. The Judge rejected the appellant’s
contention that he had been falsely implicated, this being entirely
unsubstantiated by any evidence whatsoever (see the GD at [92]).

9 On the issue of sentencing, the Judge applied the respective frameworks for
rape and sexual assault by penetration laid down by this court in Ng Kean Meng
Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) and Pram Nair v
Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”). He determined that the
present case fell within Band 2 of both frameworks and imposed a sentence of
16 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for each rape charge, and 12
years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane for each sexual assault by
penetration charge. The terms for two of the rape charges were ordered to run
consecutively for a global sentence of 32 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes
of the cane.

Substance of appeal

10 The appellant maintains, on appeal, that his encounters with the victims
were entirely consensual, referencing objective evidence such as Whatsapp
messages and closed-circuit television (“CCTV”) footage in support of this
contention. Conversely, he claims that there is nothing to substantiate the
victims’ claims that they were threatened by the appellant. He argues that
these are deliberate falsehoods intended to frame him. Underscoring these
submissions is the appellant’s request for a retrial with the benefit of legal
advice, the implication being that his initial lack of representation denied
him a fair hearing.

Our decision

11 We deal first with the issue of whether the Judge should have granted the
appellant leave to engage a lawyer. In Tan Chor Jin v Public Prosecutor [2008]
4 SLR(R) 306 at [54], we held that an accused person’s right to counsel is not
absolute. In determining whether there has been a contravention of this right,
the court takes a “broad-based, fact centric approach”, factoring in the
competing interests of other concerned parties, while maintaining a focus on
whether “any undue unfairness or prejudice has been caused to the accused as a
result of his lack of legal representation” [emphasis in original] (at [68]).

12 The appellant’s predicament at trial was, in fact, one of his own making.
He was, in fact, previously represented by lawyers assigned to him by CLAS but
both counsel discharged themselves at the end of 2018 with his consent. He
chose not to avail himself of the more than ample time and opportunity which
he had thereafter to obtain alternative legal representation. His sudden
attempt to invoke the right to counsel at the eleventh hour must accordingly
be weighed against the welfare of the victims, whose anxieties would have been
prolonged by a delay to the trial, as well as the need to ensure the due
administration of criminal justice. A further adjournment, there having
already been a vacation of the appellant’s original trial dates, would have
caused considerable injury to these competing interests. In the circumstances,
the Judge correctly determined that the appellant’s right to counsel (which
had in fact been accorded to him) should not take precedence.

13 In any event, it is clear to us that the appellant’s request was no more
than a final disingenuous attempt to stall court proceedings. The appellant’s
conduct at trial was nothing short of bizarre, characterised by incidents of
incoherent speech, indecent exposure and even the faecal smearing of his shirt
as well as the glass panel surrounding the dock after having soiled himself
(indeed, he also refused to cooperate to change out of his soiled prison
attire). The appellant consequently underwent psychiatric evaluation at
various stages of the trial beginning on 1 August 2019, whereupon he was
remanded at the Institute of Mental Health for observation and assessment. The
resulting medical report prepared by Dr Jerome Goh Hern Yee categorically
certified him fit to plead (see the GD at [10]). Further, upon the
commencement of the trial proper in January 2020, the appellant was examined
on more than three different occasions by doctors from the Singapore Prison
Service. All of them opined he was fit to plead and stand trial. The Judge
accordingly found that there was no medical explanation underlying the
appellant’s alarming behaviour; these were volitional acts for which the he
had no reasonable excuse (see the GD at [17]). He was actively seeking to
disrupt the progress of his trial. Viewed in context, his request for legal
representation was − and remains − another tactic by which to achieve this
outcome.

14 Needless to say, the court takes a very serious view of those who attempt
to abuse the judicial process. Even where they are unrepresented, short shrift
will be given to accused persons who seek unnecessary adjournments or wilfully
delay court proceedings in any other manner. Where accused persons still
choose to engage in such obstructive behaviour, they must also be prepared to
bear the consequences that arise therefrom. We affirm the Judge’s decision to
proceed on the basis that the appellant, by refusing to state his intended
course of action after being called upon to give his defence, had elected not
to give evidence. Having been deliberately uncooperative, the appellant is not
entitled to assert that he was unfairly deprived of the opportunity to present
his case.

15 We observe that the appellant was nevertheless afforded the opportunity to
and did in fact selectively participate in the trial, becoming “less
uncommunicative” from the second day of the hearing (see the GD at [15]) and,
by the third day of the hearing, he “was able to respond normally to [the
Judge’s] directions, cross-examine the Prosecution’s witnesses and even put
his defence(s) to them” (see the GD at [16]). We also note that the Judge
afforded the appellant every opportunity to present his case (including
permitting him, at his request, an adjournment to peruse the transcripts of
the hearing and to prepare his written closing submissions after the
Prosecution had made its closing submissions) (see the GD at [46]).

16 As already noted earlier, in his written submissions on appeal, the
appellant argues that he wants “to take a stand” at a “retrial”, and to
“[t]ake trial with a lawyer”. For the reasons which we have just set out
above, this argument is wholly without merit. In oral submissions before us,
the appellant claimed that, as in the proceedings below, he was legally
unrepresented and therefore at an unfair disadvantage. However, it is clear
that he had put himself into this particular situation by the decisions he had
made earlier, as we have also explained above. We also note that despite his
alleged inability to represent himself, the appellant took no steps to engage
a counsel both during and after the conclusion of his trial. Once again, he
only raised this point at the eleventh hour when he appeared before us. We are
satisfied that this is not a genuine attempt to engage counsel and is, once
again, an attempt to stall court proceedings.

17 We now turn our attention to the main issue before us: did the victims
consent to the sexual acts that form the basis of the charges? This question
turns on whether the appellant actually made threats of harm that operated on
the victims’ minds at the material time. In this regard, we see no reason to
disturb the Judge’s findings as to the veracity of the victims’ accounts,
which are supported by other witness and objective evidence (see the GD at
[83] and [85]). Further, as we have already noted, there are notable parallels
that can be drawn between the victims’ testimonies. Both of them agreed to go
to the appellant’s flat for the first time on the understanding that they had
taken on a job. Once there, they were pulled into the bedroom by the appellant
who forced them to engage in sexual activity and recorded these acts on his
mobile phone. He then sent the victims home and gave them money. It is unclear
how the victims, who did not know one another, could have independently
fabricated such similar narratives. A far more intuitive conclusion is that
they were telling the truth.

18 The victims say that they only complied with the appellant’s demands out of
fear. They both knew the appellant was a member of a motorcycle gang and his
threats to call over fellow members to the flat incited panic and distress. To
make matters worse, the first victim was also told that the videos of her
assault would be circulated online. Her concern that the appellant would make
good on this threat stopped her from immediately lodging a police report. She
also felt pressured into speaking with the appellant on the evening of 2
November 2017. It is trite that consent given under fear of injury, this being
any harm to one’s body, mind, reputation or property, is not deemed to be
consent as understood in law. The victims agreed to participate in the
relevant sexual acts because they believed that such harm would otherwise
befall them. There was a clear lack of consent.

19 As against this, the appellant seeks to place weight on lift CCTV footage
from the morning of 3 November 2017, which shows the first victim smiling at
the appellant as she accompanied him up to his flat. She was not afraid but
happy to be with him. In our judgment, this footage does not unequivocally
show that the first victim was a willing participant to the sexual acts that
followed. A similar point can be made in respect of a Whatsapp conversation
between the appellant and second victim after he sent her home on 15 October
2017. The appellant says that this exchange evidences the fact that their
sexual encounter was consensual. Yet this blatantly overlooks the reason why
the second victim re-initiated contact with the appellant. She only messaged
him because she wanted to learn how to use the Bluetooth earpiece he had given
her. She then ceased any further communication. Seen in context, her conduct
does not in any way advance the appellant’s case.

20 We are therefore fully satisfied that the victims did not consent to the
relevant sexual acts. For the sake of completeness, we also agree with the
Judge that the appellant had in fact performed the relevant sexual acts on the
victims (a point that he no longer denies in his written submissions on
appeal) despite having mounted two completely inconsistent factual defences in
the trial below. On appeal, he argues that both victims had consented to these
acts, an argument which we have rejected. We further agree with the Judge that
there is no evidence whatsoever in support of any argument that the appellant
might make that he was the victim of a conspiracy or fabrication of evidence.
The appeal against conviction is accordingly without merit and is dismissed.

21 This leaves the appeal against the appellant’s sentence, which he regards
as “unreasonable”. We agree with the Judge that there are a number of offence-
specific aggravating factors in the present case that justify its
classification under Band 2 of the Terence Ng and Pram Nair frameworks. The
appellant specifically targeted vulnerable victims who, by virtue of their
youth, were susceptible to manipulation and abuse. They naïvely placed their
trust in the appellant, who appeared to be a well-meaning adult offering them
work in exchange for either a mobile phone or money. Abusing this trust, the
appellant proceeded to lure the victims into an unfamiliar and isolated
environment where he could easily intimidate them into complying with his
demands. This heinous premeditated conduct was also accompanied (as the Judge
found) by threats of harm, the recording of the sexual acts he had perpetrated
on the victims on his mobile phone as well as the failure to use a condom when
he engaged in penile-vaginal intercourse with both victims (thus creating a
risk of pregnancy and/or the transmission of sexually-transmitted diseases
(see the GD at [103])).

22 This conduct is further aggravated by certain offender-specific factors. Of
particular concern are the appellant’s related antecedents for which he was
sentenced in February 2008. These are two charges of carnal intercourse
against the order of nature and two charges of carnal connection with a girl
under 16. Four similar charges were also taken into consideration for
sentencing. As noted by the Judge, the substance of these previous convictions
demonstrates an alarming pattern of predatory behaviour towards vulnerable
members of society. This calls for a severe enough sentence to deter future
wrongdoing of a similar nature (see the GD at [98]). The Judge also found that
the appellant had “displayed an astonishing lack of remorse for his actions”
(see the GD at [105]). There were also no relevant mitigating factors
whatsoever. The Judge accordingly calibrated the appellant’s sentences towards
the higher end of the Terence Ng and Pram Nair Band 2 ranges. In our judgment,
the final outcome is in no way manifestly excessive but a just and
proportional sentence in line with all the offence-specific and offender-
specific aggravating factors as well as the complete absence of mitigating
factors.

Conclusion

23 For the foregoing reasons, we dismiss the appeal.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Steven Chong Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

The appellant in person;  
James Chew, Jane Lim and Angela Ang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

