Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 93

Criminal Reference No 2 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Bong Sim Swan, Suzanna  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Criminal references]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark sentences] —
[Domestic maid abuse]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Bong Sim Swan, Suzanna

[2020] SGCA 93

Court of Appeal — Criminal Reference No 2 of 2019  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Tay Yong Kwang JA  
10 June 2020; 21 August 2020

23 September 2020 Judgment reserved.

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is our decision on the consequential orders following our judgment in
Public Prosecutor v Bong Sim Swan, Suzanna [2020] SGCA 82 (“the earlier
judgment”), which was the Prosecution’s application to refer three questions
of law to the Court of Appeal. The respondent, Bong Sim Swan, Suzanna (“the
Respondent”), was convicted by the trial judge (“the Trial Judge”) on one
charge of voluntarily causing hurt to a domestic worker (“the Victim”) in her
employment and was sentenced to 20 months’ imprisonment and ordered to pay
compensation of $38,540.40 to the domestic worker. This was reduced on appeal
to a sentence of eight months’ imprisonment and compensation of $1,000 by the
High Court judge (“the Judge”).

2 In the earlier judgment, we declined to answer the first question posed by
the Prosecution as we did not consider it necessary to do so. We answered the
other two questions in the following manner:

(a) Question 2: In applying the sentencing framework for a maid abuse offence
punishable under s 323 read with s 73 of the Penal Code set out in Tay Wee
Kiat and another v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 4 SLR 1315
(“Tay Wee Kiat”), should the court take into account psychological harm that
arises from a sustained pattern of abuse, ie, multiple incidents of the
offender causing hurt to the domestic maid, even though separate charges were
not preferred for the other incidents of abuse?

Answer: Yes, there is no requirement that the psychological harm must be
proved through a source independent of the offender’s own previous acts even
though those acts could also amount to other offences.

(b) Question 3: Does the fact that an offender knew, or was aware of the
likelihood, of a victim’s pre-existing injury or particular vulnerability that
arose from previous proved incidents which could have been but were not made
the subject of separate charges, when he assaulted the victim on that
particular part of the body constitute an aggravating factor in sentencing?

Answer: Yes, the offender’s knowledge or awareness is relevant when
considering the level of harm, both physical and psychological, suffered by
the victim and the culpability of the offender.

3 At [91] of the earlier judgment, we directed the parties to submit on the
consequential orders in respect of the imprisonment term and the compensation
order in the light of our answers to the questions set out above. The parties
have done so.

4 The Prosecution submits that the sentence of imprisonment should be enhanced
from eight months to 18 months and the compensation sum should be increased
from $1,000 to $3,000 for the following reasons:

(a) Applying the framework set out in Tay Wee Kiat, the psychological harm
should be categorised as “more serious psychological harm”. The Judge’s
categorisation of “less serious psychological harm” was predicated upon a
fundamental misapprehension of law as he failed to consider that the
Respondent had engaged in a sustained pattern of abusive behaviour.

(b) The indicative sentencing range was six to 18 months’ imprisonment and the
mid-point of 12 months’ imprisonment was an appropriate starting point.

(c) An uplift of at least six months’ imprisonment was warranted to account
for the aggravating factors, which were the use of a weapon (a glass bottle
containing medicated oil) and the Respondent’s awareness of the Victim’s
worsening eyesight.

(d) Alternatively, the Prosecution submits that if the court does not disturb
the categorisation of psychological harm, an enhancement to 18 months’
imprisonment is still warranted on the ground of culpability.

(e) The Prosecution also submits that the Judge failed to account for
psychological harm in the compensation order and the sum should be increased
to $3,000.

5 On the other hand, the Respondent submits that there should not be any
increase in either the imprisonment term or the compensation sum:

(a) The answers to the questions did not affect the categorisation of
psychological harm as this was a finding of fact.

(b) The sentence of eight months’ imprisonment was proportionate in the light
of all the relevant facts. These were:

(i) that the Judge’s indicative sentence of five months’ imprisonment was
higher than it should have been;

(ii) that it was unfair to enhance an indicative sentence in a manner that
sentenced a person for uncharged offences; and

(iii) that the Trial Judge had doubts about the Victim’s account of the abuse.

(c) In relation to the compensation order, the Respondent submits that there
was no evidence of any medical expenses incurred or any loss of earnings
suffered by the Victim as a result of the bruise and, considering the
Respondent’s financial status, a compensation sum of more than $1,000 would be
oppressive to her.

6 In answering Questions 2 and 3 raised by the Prosecution, we observed at
[54] and [57] of the earlier judgment that the questions arose from the
principle propounded by the Judge that the Respondent’s awareness of the
Victim’s worsening eyesight had to be established independently of any
potentially criminal conduct for which the Respondent was not charged. As a
result, the Judge excluded consideration of the fact that the Respondent knew
about the Victim’s vulnerability because she was the very cause of the
Victim’s condition, a fact which would have enhanced the Respondent’s
culpability.

7 Step 2 of the Tay Wee Kiat framework requires the sentencing court to
determine the extent of physical and psychological harm to derive an
indicative starting sentence. The Prosecution concedes that the extent of
physical harm is not within our remit in this criminal reference. As for
psychological harm, both the Trial Judge and the Judge held that this was a
case of “less serious psychological harm”. The Trial Judge did so even though
she proceeded correctly by taking into account the fact that the Respondent
knew about the Victim’s previous injuries because she was the person
responsible for them. While we explained at [81] to [83] of the earlier
judgment that we were puzzled by that finding, we emphasised that this was
still a finding of fact that was not within the province of a criminal
reference on questions of law. For that reason, we do not think we can change
the categorisation of psychological harm with its indicative starting range of
three to six months’ imprisonment.

8 However, we explained at [88] of the earlier judgment that the fact that the
Respondent knew about the Victim’s particular vulnerability because she was
the person responsible for it meant that the Respondent’s level of culpability
should be at a much higher level than if her awareness of the Victim’s
worsening eyesight had come solely from what the Victim told her. We also
observed at [78] that “[c]oncomitant with psychological harm suffered by a
victim is the level of culpability exhibited by an offender”.

9 In our view, the indicative starting range should be given a significant
uplift to reflect the Respondent’s high culpability. Bearing in mind the
Respondent’s use of the glass bottle, the entire relationship between the
Respondent and the Victim and the persistent abuse culminating in the incident
on 17 May 2015, we think that the sentence of eight months’ imprisonment
should be enhanced to 14 months’ imprisonment to reflect more accurately the
true level of the Respondent’s culpability.

10 On compensation, however, we decline to vary the order made by the Judge.
Both the Trial Judge and the Judge agreed that there was psychological harm
and on the categorisation of the psychological harm. However, it is not clear
how they chose to compensate for it. The Trial Judge had awarded compensation
of $10,000 for pain and suffering without identifying the proportions for
physical and psychological harm. The Judge reduced this on appeal to $1,000,
also without identifying the proportions for each type of harm. Bearing in
mind their view that the psychological harm was in the “less serious” category
(a view to which we have expressed our reservation), it is highly likely that
their compensation awards focused on the physical harm. That would explain why
the Judge reduced the compensation amount for pain and suffering by 90% when
he held that the only injury proved to have been caused by the incident in
question was the bruise. A failure to compensate for psychological harm was
not the issue before us in this criminal reference and if there was an error
in not providing any compensation or sufficient compensation, that would not
have arisen from the error of law that we identified.

11 As the High Court explained in Tay Wee Kiat and another v Public Prosecutor
and another appeal [2018] 5 SLR 438 at [7], a compensation order does not form
part of the sentence imposed on the offender and its purpose is not to punish.
The Respondent’s increased culpability has already been factored into the
enhanced imprisonment term and, on the facts here, it could have no bearing on
the compensation sum.

12 For the reasons set out above, we enhance the sentence of imprisonment from
eight months’ imprisonment to 14 months’ imprisonment. However, we do not vary
the compensation order made by the Judge.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang Chief Justice Judge of
Appeal Judge of Appeal

Mohamed Faizal SC, Li Yihong and Sheryl Yeo (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the applicant;

Sui Yi Siong, William Khoo Wei Ming and Flora Koh Swee Huang (Eversheds Harry
Elias LLP)

for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

