Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 80

Originating Summons No 807 of 2019

Between

Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman

… Applicant

And

Attorney-General

… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review] — [Leave to commence judicial review]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2020] SGHC 80

High Court — Originating Summons No 807 of 2019  
See Kee Oon J  
11–12 February 2020

24 April 2020

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This was an application by Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman (“the Applicant”)
for leave to commence judicial review proceedings under O 53 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”). The Applicant sought judicial
review of the following:

(a) the decision of the Public Prosecutor (“the PP”) not to issue a
Certificate of Substantive Assistance (“CSA”) to the Applicant under s 33B of
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”);

(b) the advice of the Cabinet of the Republic of Singapore (“the Cabinet”) to
the President of the Republic of Singapore (“the President”) that the law
should be permitted to take its course in relation to the Applicant; and

(c) the refusal of the Singapore Prison Service (“the SPS”) to grant the
Applicant permission to interview one Zamri bin Mohd Tahir (“Zamri”), a person
in the custody of the SPS.

2 The Applicant originally sought prerogative relief against the PP, the SPS,
the Cabinet and the President. However, the Applicant subsequently withdrew
his prayers against the President 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) (19 August 2019) at p 1.

and some of his prayers against the SPS. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Submissions dated 8 July 2019 (“ASS”) at paras 119 – 120.

As of the first day of the hearing on 11 February 2020, the Applicant’s
prayers were as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ex Parte Originating Summons, HC/OS 807/2019.

(a) a Quashing Order quashing the PP’s exercise of discretion in failing to
issue a CSA to the Applicant;

(b) a Mandatory Order obliging the PP to issue a CSA to the Applicant;

(c) in the alternative to (b), a Mandatory Order obliging the PP to determine
afresh the issue of whether the Applicant had substantively assisted the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“the CNB”) in disrupting drug trafficking activities
within or outside Singapore under s 33B of the MDA;

(d) an Order that the Applicant’s case be remitted to the appropriate court to
re-consider and pass the appropriate sentence under s 33B(1) of the MDA;

(e) a Quashing Order quashing the action of the SPS in failing to approve the
Applicant’s request to interview Zamri;

(f) a Quashing Order quashing the Cabinet’s action in advising the President
that the law should be allowed to take its course in relation to the
Applicant; and

(g) a Mandatory Order obliging the Cabinet to issue new advice to the
President in relation to the Applicant’s sentence.

3 After carefully considering the submissions canvassed before me, I concluded
that the Applicant had not succeeded in establishing an arguable case or a
prima facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies
sought. I therefore dismissed the application for leave to commence judicial
review proceedings. The Applicant, being dissatisfied with my decision, has
appealed. I set out the full grounds of my decision below.

Background to the application

The Applicant’s conviction and clemency petition

4 On 2 May 2017, the Applicant was convicted by the High Court on a capital
charge of importing not less than 51.84g of diamorphine into Singapore, an
offence under s 7 of the MDA and punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA (see
Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman v Public Prosecutor [2017] SGHC 144 at [38]). The
High Court found that the Applicant was a “courier” within the meaning of s
33B of the MDA. However, as the PP did not issue a CSA, the High Court was
obliged by law to impose the mandatory death sentence on the Applicant.

5 On 9 February 2018, the Applicant’s appeal against his conviction and
sentence was dismissed by the Court of Appeal in Criminal Appeal No 21 of 2017
(CA/CCA 21/2017). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Minute Sheet, Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman v Attorney-General (CA/CCA
21/2017).

Subsequently, the Applicant, his siblings, their parents, and the Applicant’s
then-counsel, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam, submitted petitions for clemency to the
President. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman’s 1st Affidavit dated 24 June 2019, Tab 5 at pp
86 – 124.

6 On 17 May 2019, the Applicant and his next-of-kin were notified, through
letters issued by the President’s Office, that the President had declined to
exercise her power under Art 22P(1) of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”) to commute the
Applicant’s death sentence. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman’s 1st Affidavit dated 24 June 2019, Tab 6 at pp
126 – 128.

The Applicant’s next-of-kin were also informed by the SPS that he would be
executed on 24 May 2019. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman’s 1st Affidavit dated 24 June 2019, Tab 7 at pp
136 – 137.

Events leading up to the current application

7 On 21 May 2019, the Applicant filed Criminal Motion No 6 of 2019 (CA/CM
6/2019), seeking a stay of his scheduled execution on the basis that he
intended to challenge the rejection of his clemency petition as well as the
PP’s refusal to issue a CSA. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman’s 1st Affidavit dated 24 June 2019, Tab 8 at pp
142 – 149.

8 On 23 May 2019, the Court of Appeal allowed the criminal motion and granted
the Applicant a stay of execution for him to file his intended application. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman’s 1st Affidavit dated 24 June 2019, Tab 9 at pp
158 – 159.

9 On 24 June 2019, the Applicant filed the present application, Originating
Summons No 807 of 2019 (HC/OS 807/2019), as well as a statement and an
affidavit under O 53 r 1(2) of the ROC. The next day, on 25 June 2019, the
Applicant filed Summons No 3167 of 2019 (SUM 3167/2019) seeking specific
discovery and leave to serve interrogatories against the Government of the
Republic of Singapore (“the Government”), which was represented by the
Attorney-General (“the AG”).

10 On 19 July 2019, I dismissed SUM 3167/2019. In my written grounds of
decision (see Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman v Attorney-General [2019] SGHC 217)
(“Pannir Selvam GD 1”), I held (at [24]) that s 34(1) of the Government
Proceedings Act (Cap 121, 1985 Rev Ed) (“GPA”) precluded me from making an
order for discovery against the Government since it was not a party to the
proceedings. In any case, the documents and interrogatories sought by the
Applicant did not satisfy the essential prerequisites of relevance and
necessity (see [81] to [82] of Pannir Selvam GD 1).

11 Dissatisfied, the Applicant filed Summons No 3764 of 2019 (SUM 3764/2019)
seeking leave to appeal against my decision in SUM 3167/2019. This application
related only to my dismissal of the application for discovery, as the
Applicant was barred under s 34(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed) from seeking leave to appeal in respect of his application
for leave to serve interrogatories. I heard the parties on 19 August 2019 and
declined to grant leave to appeal on the basis that the Applicant did not have
a real interest in the outcome of the appeal (see Pannir Selvam GD 1 at [93]).

12 Thereafter, the Applicant filed Originating Summons No 31 of 2019 (CA/OS
31/2019) seeking leave to appeal against my decision in SUM 3764/2019. This
application was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 5 November 2019. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Minute Sheet, Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman (CA/OS 31/2019).

Subsequently, the present application was scheduled for hearing before me on
11 and 12 February 2020.

Issues to be determined

13 As a preliminary issue, I had to determine whether the AG was entitled to
file reply affidavits at the leave stage, at which proceedings are generally
ex parte pursuant to O 53 r 1(2) of the ROC. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASS at para 29.

14 The substantive issues for my determination pertained essentially to
whether the Applicant had established any grounds for leave to commence
judicial review proceedings against the PP (“the PP challenge”), the Cabinet
(“the Cabinet challenge”), and the SPS (“the SPS challenge”).

15 I now address the aforementioned issues seriatim.

Preliminary issue: Whether the AG was entitled to file reply affidavits

16 When the Court of Appeal allowed the Applicant’s application for a stay of
execution in CA/CM 6/2019, it directed that the Applicant would have a period
of two weeks to file his intended application together with any supporting
evidence, and that the Prosecution would have a period of two weeks to
respond. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Minute Sheet, Pannir Selvam a/l Pranthaman v Public Prosecutor (CA/CM 6/2019).

17 With reference to the Court of Appeal’s directions, the Applicant argued
that the AG was not entitled to file affidavits in response to the present
application. First, he contended that having regard to O 53 r 1(2) ROC, the
putative respondent in a judicial review proceeding would not, in the ordinary
course of events, be entitled to file reply affidavits at the ex parte leave
stage. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASS at para 32.

O 53 r 1(2) ROC provides as follows:

(2) An application for such leave must be made by ex parte originating summons
and must be supported by a statement setting out the name and description of
the applicant, the relief sought and the grounds on which it is sought, and by
an affidavit, to be filed when the application is made, verifying the facts
relied on.

[emphasis added]

18 Secondly, the Applicant argued that the Court of Appeal had not actually
intended to grant the AG leave to respond to an application brought under O 53
r 1 ROC. According to the Applicant, this was supposedly apparent from the
fact that the Court of Appeal had (a) granted leave to the “Prosecution”,
rather than the AG, to respond; and (b) (wrongly) directed for the present
application to be heard before the Court of Appeal instead of the High Court
(although this direction was subsequently corrected to state that the matter
would be heard before “the appropriate court”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASS at para 31.

19 Thirdly, the Applicant relied on the case of Deepak Sharma v Law Society of
Singapore [2017] 2 SLR 672 (“Deepak Sharma”) for the following proposition (at
[36]):

… When the AG intervenes in private judicial review proceedings in order to
carry out his function as the “guardian of the public interest”, he does so
not because he wishes to advance the interests of any of the named parties to
the litigation or desires a particular outcome for any of the parties. Rather,
he participates purely on a non-partisan basis. …

[emphasis in original]

The Applicant contended that permitting the AG to file reply affidavits in the
present application would allow the AG to venture beyond his non-partisan role
as the guardian of the public interest.

20 With respect, the Applicant’s arguments were unmeritorious and contrived.
The mere fact that the Court of Appeal had granted leave to the “Prosecution”
(instead of the AG) to respond did not indicate that it had specifically
intended to preclude the AG from filing a response; at the highest, this was
an inadvertent mistaken reference to the identity of the putative respondent.
Likewise, no particular conclusions could be drawn from the fact that the
Court of Appeal had originally directed for the application to be heard before
it instead of the High Court. In the circumstances, it was patently clear to
me that the Court of Appeal had intended to allow the AG, as the putative
respondent, leave to respond in these proceedings, and nothing in its
directions detracted from this plain and obvious intent.

21 Further, and in any event, I was of the view that the Applicant’s reliance
on Deepak Sharma was misplaced. As the AG pointed out, Deepak Sharma was a
case involving private judicial review, ie, judicial review that does not
involve the Government and/or does not seek to challenge any governmental
action or decision (Deepak Sharma at [2]). The present application was an
application for leave to commence public judicial review. Where public
judicial review is concerned, the AG has a right to attend and to be heard “in
the interest of the government in particular and the public in general” (see
Chan Hiang Leng Colin v Minister for Information and the Arts [1995] 2 SLR(R)
627 at [4], citing George John v Goh Eng Wah Brothers Filem Sdn Bhd [1988] 1
MLJ 319 (at 320)). In such cases, courts have readily accepted affidavits
filed by the AG (see for example, Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali v Attorney-
General [2015] 5 SLR 1222 (“Muhammad Ridzuan”) at [59], [63], [64] and [66];
Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2
SLR 216 (“Nagaenthran”) at [79] and [80]).

Conditions for leave to commence judicial review proceedings

22 Having addressed the preliminary issue, I turned to consider the
substantive issues which arose in the present application.

23 The purpose of the leave requirement in judicial review proceedings is to
serve as a means of filtering out groundless or hopeless cases at an early
stage (Nagaenthran at [76]). It is uncontroverted (and undisputed by the
parties) that there are three conditions which must be satisfied in order for
a court to grant leave to commence judicial review (Muhammad Ridzuan at [32]):

(a) the subject matter of the complaint has to be susceptible to judicial
review;

(b) the applicant has to have sufficient interest in the matter; and

(c) the materials before the court have to disclose an arguable or prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought by the
applicant.

24 As there is a presumption that constitutional office holders and other
officials make decisions in accordance with the law, a party who seeks to
challenge an executive decision will only be granted leave to do so if he can
adduce prima facie evidence that the relevant standard has been breached
(Muhammad Ridzuan at [36]). Nevertheless, the threshold of a prima facie case
of reasonable suspicion is a “very low” one (Nagaenthran at [76]).

25 There was no dispute that the first and second conditions were satisfied in
the present case. Accordingly, the only question before this court was whether
the third condition was satisfied in respect of the three challenges mounted
by the Applicant, viz, the PP challenge, the Cabinet challenge and the SPS
challenge.

The PP challenge

26 The PP challenge hinged on the following contentions:

(a) First, the Applicant alleged that he was not served a notice (hereinafter
referred to as “the MDP Notice”) informing him of the possibility that he
could avoid the death penalty by giving substantive assistance to the CNB.
Accordingly, the PP’s decision not to grant a CSA was unconstitutional 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ASS at para 64.

and/or tainted by procedural impropriety; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASS at para 59.

(b) Secondly, the Applicant argued that the information which he had provided
to the CNB, both before and after the conclusion of his trial, factually
amounted to substantive assistance. Accordingly, the PP’s decision not to
grant a CSA was illegal, irrational or both; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASS at para 39.

(c) Thirdly, the Applicant claimed that the PP incorrectly understood its role
under s 33B of the MDA, and its decision not to grant a CSA was therefore
infected by an error of law. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ASS at para 88.

27 The AG asserted that these contentions were baseless and misconceived. It
also submitted that the application for leave to apply for a Quashing Order
against the PP’s decision should be dismissed on the basis that it was brought
out of time. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AG’s Skeletal Submissions dated 8 July 2019 (“AGSS”) at paras 14 and 16.

Whether the application for leave to apply for a Quashing Order was brought
out of time

28 I first considered the issue of whether the application for leave to apply
for a Quashing Order was time-barred. In this regard, O 53 r 1(6) of the ROC
provides that:

… [L]eave shall not be granted to apply for a Quashing Order to remove any
judgment, order, conviction or other proceeding for the purpose of its being
quashed, unless the application for leave is made within 3 months after the
date of the proceeding or such other period (if any) as may be prescribed by
any written law or, except where a period is so prescribed, the delay is
accounted for to the satisfaction of the Judge to whom the application for
leave is made…

[emphasis added]

29 The three-month period starts to run from the date on which the right to
seek relief arises, and not when the applicant learnt of the decision or when
he had sufficient evidence to bring the action (Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v
Collector of Land Revenue [2007] 2 SLR(R) 568 (“Teng Fuh Holdings”) at [17]).
Therefore, in the present case, time would have started to run on 2 May 2017,
which was the date of the Applicant’s conviction by the High Court and when he
was notified that a CSA would not be issued. The present application was only
filed well over two years later, on 24 June 2019. The three-month time bar had
clearly been exceeded.

30 Consequently, the Applicant could only seek leave to apply for a Quashing
Order against the PP’s decision if he could offer an explanation which
adequately accounted for his delay (UDL Marine (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Jurong
Town Corp [2011] 3 SLR 94 (“UDL Marine”) at [39]). Although this inquiry is
necessarily fact-specific, case authorities suggest that courts typically have
regard to the applicant’s knowledge of the facts underpinning his application
for judicial review. For instance, in UDL Marine, the applicant’s delay was
deemed to be satisfactorily accounted for on the basis that the applicant only
came to know of certain information which formed its “strongest basis for
judicial review” after the three-month time bar had passed (see UDL Marine at
[46]). Conversely, in Teng Fuh Holdings, the Court of Appeal held (at [23])
that the applicant had not satisfactorily accounted for its delay because “it
had the interest, the knowledge and the means to have acquired the information
to make its application long before it filed the same”.

31 The Applicant argued that his delay in bringing the present application was
not unreasonable because it was not clear, prior to the issuance of the Court
of Appeal’s judgment in Nagaenthran on 27 May 2019, whether the PP’s
determination under s 33B of the MDA could be challenged on grounds other than
bad faith, malice or unconstitutionality; and/or whether the PP’s role under s
33B of the MDA was to make a determination or exercise its executive
discretion. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Bundle of Documents (“BOD”), Vol 1, Tab 2 at para 68.

The Applicant was only advised to bring his challenge after the Court of
Appeal clarified these issues in Nagaenthran.

32 I found the Applicant’s explanations unconvincing and unmeritorious. First,
the Court of Appeal’s holding in Nagaenthran could not logically have provided
the impetus for the Applicant to bring an action for judicial review, when the
Applicant filed CA/CM 6/2019 on 21 May 2019, before the judgment of the Court
of Appeal in Nagaenthran was delivered on 27 May 2019.

33 Secondly, it was already clear, prior to Nagaenthran, that the PP’s power
under s 33B of the MDA is not discretionary in nature. The Court of Appeal had
explicitly stated in Prabagaran a/l Srivijayan v Public Prosecutor and other
matters [2017] 1 SLR 173 (“Prabagaran”) at [65] that the PP is “duty-bound” to
issue a CSA if the facts justify it. The Court of Appeal’s written judgment in
Prabagaran was delivered on 2 December 2016, long before the Applicant’s
conviction on 2 May 2017.

34 Finally, it cannot be denied that Nagaenthran was the first case to
explicitly clarify that the PP’s determination under s 33B of the MDA could be
challenged on the usual grounds of judicial review, including illegality,
irrationality and procedural impropriety (see Nagaenthran at [75]). Be that as
it may, it is pertinent to note that the Court of Appeal had previously
suggested, in its grounds of decision for Muhammad Ridzuan dated 5 October
2015, that it was an “open question” whether the PP’s decision to issue a CSA
could be challenged on grounds other than bad faith and malice (see Muhammad
Ridzuan at [76]). It was therefore open to the Applicant to seek judicial
review on the grounds of illegality, irrationality and/or procedural
impropriety. Such a course of action was clearly aligned with the Applicant’s
interests and would in all likelihood have been within his means, given that
he had the benefit of pro bono legal advice at the material time.

35 In the present case, the Applicant and his then-counsel first became aware
of the PP’s decision not to issue a CSA on 2 May 2017. Moreover, the facts
relied on by the Applicant in support of his application for leave to apply
for a Quashing Order against the PP’s decision, namely the facts pertaining to
Zamri’s arrest and the alleged conversations between Zamri and the Applicant,
had been known to the Applicant since 2015, on his own evidence. Considering
the circumstances in their totality, I was of the view that the Applicant had
not provided a reasonable explanation for his two-year delay. Accordingly, the
application for leave to apply for a Quashing Order against the PP’s decision
was time-barred under O 53 r 1(6) ROC.

36 Even if the application for leave to apply for a Quashing Order had not
been brought out of time, I found that it ought to be dismissed along with the
Applicant’s other prayers relating to the PP challenge, on the basis that the
Applicant had not discharged his onus of proving a prima facie case of
reasonable suspicion. I elaborate on the reasons for this below.

Non-service of the MDP Notice

37 I should first point out that the Applicant took inconsistent positions
regarding (a) the alleged non-service of the MDP Notice and (b) the
substantive assistance which he had allegedly rendered to the CNB. On one
hand, the Applicant claimed that the MDP Notice was not served on him at the
time of his arrest. Hence, he was not apprised of the potential benefit of
immediate cooperation and therefore did not provide any contemporaneous
information to assist the CNB. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ASS at para 61.

On the other hand, the Applicant argued that he did provide substantive
assistance which led to Zamri’s arrest. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ASS at paras 67 – 68.

This suggested that he did so either because the MDP Notice was served on him,
or because he was conscious of the potential benefit of cooperation all along.
In my view, this was an inherently contradictory stance which significantly
undercut the Applicant’s contention that the non-service of the MDP Notice had
caused him to suffer substantial prejudice.

38 Nonetheless, I was of the view that the Applicant’s arguments pertaining to
the issuance of the MDP Notice could not stand even if they were considered in
isolation.

39 First, I was not inclined to believe the Applicant’s allegations that the
MDP Notice had not been served on him. The Applicant relied primarily on three
pieces of evidence to support his version of events – (a) the Applicant’s
testimony during trial; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ASS at para 46.

(b) the fact that there were “distinct differences” between the signatures on
the MDP Notice and the signatures which are found on the Applicant’s other
statements; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ASS at para 58.

and (c) the fact that the Trial Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) withdrew his
line of questioning in respect of the MDP Notice after the court directed him
to provide a copy of the MDP Notice to the Defence. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ASS at para 47.

I was not persuaded that these pieces of evidence gave rise to a prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion that the MDP Notice had not been served on the
Applicant.

40 The Applicant asserted that he had given unchallenged evidence during his
High Court trial that the MDP Notice had not been read to him. From my perusal
of the relevant transcripts, I was unable to accept that the Applicant could
be characterised as having stated on oath that he was never served the MDP
Notice, or that he had never seen the notice before. The relevant portion of
the transcript which was relied on by the Applicant is reproduced below: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Notes of Evidence, HC/CC 18/2017, 1 March 2017, 29/13-27.

Q: … How did you---why did you know that you were going to die?

A: This is after I was arrested, Sir. When the IO read to me the charge and he
told me the punishment, then I know---I know, Sir, I going to die because of
the punishment.

Q: You were arrested before the mandatory death penalty notice was read to
you, correct?

A: Yes.

Q: Okay. Now, the mandatory death penalty notice, all right, actually tells
you that you can---you might be able to avoid the death penalty if you give
information. Is that correct?

A: He just read it to me the punishment that, Sir, when he read the charge.

Q: No, it’s the mandatory death penalty notice.

(Counsel conferring)

A: He didn’t read me that.

[emphasis added]

41 I agreed with the AG that the sentence “He didn’t read me that” did not
necessarily mean that the MDP Notice had not been served on the Applicant.
Reading the sentence in its proper context, the word “He” referred to the
Investigation Officer (“IO”), Lee Tien Shiong Herman. The word “that” referred
to the MDP Notice. Thus, the sentence “He didn’t read me that” simply meant
that the IO had not read the MDP Notice to the Applicant. It did not preclude
the possibility that the MDP Notice had been served or that it had been read
to the Applicant by a different officer. Indeed, it was the AG’s case that the
MDP Notice had been read to the Applicant by a CNB Officer, Khairul Faiz bin
Nasaruddin (“Khairul”), rather than the IO. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

BOD, Vol 2, Tab 6 at para 7.

Khairul had given evidence in his affidavit dated 1 July 2019 that he had read
the MDP Notice to the Applicant, who indicated that he understood the same,
and then declined to say anything in response. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

BOD Vol 2, Tab 6 at paras 7 – 10.

42 I was also unable to place weight on the fact that there were purportedly
“distinct differences” between the signatures on the MDP Notice and the
signatures which are found on the Applicant’s other statements. For a start,
my visual examination of the signatures did not clearly reveal any obvious or
distinct differences. Even if such differences could be said to exist, it
would be far-fetched to suggest, on that basis alone, that the MDP Notice had
not been served on the Applicant. The Applicant’s reliance on the conduct of
the Trial DPP was likewise speculative and unsubstantiated. I thus found, on
the totality of the evidence before me, that the MDP Notice been served on the
Applicant and read to him, and he was made aware of it.

43 Secondly, taking the Applicant’s case at its highest and assuming that the
MDP Notice had not been served on him, I agreed with the AG that the service
of the MDP Notice could not be characterised as a compulsory procedural
prerequisite. In this regard, I drew guidance from the Court of Appeal’s
observation in Muhammad bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2017] 1 SLR 427 (“Abdullah”) at [54] that the MDP Notice is typically served
“[a]s a matter of practice”. The Court of Appeal did not state that the
service of the MDP Notice was mandated by law, and the Applicant was unable to
point me to any statutory provision to that effect. Further, as the AG
correctly pointed out, accused persons who commit offences in Singapore are in
effect presumed to be aware of what the law states, including the alternative
sentencing regime under s 33B of the MDA, as ignorance of the law is not a
defence. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AGSS at para 45.

Thus, the non-service of the MDP Notice could not be said to be a fatal
omission which operated to prejudice the Applicant.

44 The Applicant also argued that it was significant that s 258 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) had been amended in 2012
to incorporate the following explanation:

Explanation 2 — If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in any of the following
circumstances:

…

(aa) where the accused is informed in writing by a person in authority of the
circumstances in section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185) under which
life imprisonment may be imposed in lieu of death;

The Applicant submitted that this explicit reference to the MDP Notice
indicated that it was a prerequisite for the imposition of the death penalty,
and not merely a matter of practice.

45 I was unable to agree with this submission. If Parliament had intended to
make service of the MDP Notice compulsory, it would have expressly legislated
for this instead of indirectly incorporating a reference to the MDP Notice
under Explanation 2(aa) to s 258 of the CPC. Indeed, Parliament had explicitly
codified other notices, such as the notice which must be read to an accused
under s 23(1) of the CPC prior to the recording of his cautioned statement. It
is telling that Parliament had not chosen to do so here.

46 Accordingly, I was satisfied that non-service of the MDP Notice would not
have given rise to a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the PP’s
decision was tainted with procedural impropriety.

47 For completeness, I also briefly address the Applicant’s contention that
non-service of the MDP Notice infringed his right to equality under Article 12
of the Constitution. I preface this discussion with the caveat that my
observations below are obiter dicta, given my finding above that the MDP
Notice had in fact been served on the Applicant.

48 In the context of executive actions, Art 12(1) is breached if there is
“deliberate and arbitrary discrimination against a particular person” and
where “[a]rbitrariness implies the lack of rationality” (Muhammad Ridzuan) at
[49]). This test was applied in Eng Foong Ho and others v Attorney-General
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 542, where the Court of Appeal held (at [31]) that the
Collector of Land Revenue’s act of gazetting a temple property for acquisition
did not infringe Art 12 because “[t]here was no allegation of arbitrary action
on the part of the Government: indeed, it is conceded that the acquisition was
proceeded with in good faith”.

49 In the present case, the Applicant was not able to point to any factual
circumstances to support his contention that there had been a breach of Art 12
premised on the Muhammad Ridzuan standard. Merely putting forward a bare
assertion that he was “treated differently from all other accused persons in
similar circumstances” 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ASS at para 64.

was not enough – the Applicant had to raise a prima facie case of reasonable
suspicion that such alleged differentiated treatment had been carried out
deliberately and arbitrarily against him in particular. As the Applicant had
failed to discharge this evidentiary burden, his challenge under Article 12
was bound to fail.

Whether the Applicant had provided substantive assistance

50 The Applicant’s next contention in relation to the PP challenge is that he
did, in any event, provide assistance amounting to “substantive assistance”
under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA. As mentioned at [37] above, this argument
contradicted the Applicant’s assertion that the MDP Notice had not been served
on him. In any case, I was of the view that the evidence before me did not
give rise to a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the Applicant had
rendered substantive assistance, whether before or after the conclusion of his
trial in the High Court.

Prior to the conclusion of the Applicant’s trial

51 It was the Applicant’s case that he had provided information to the CNB
which ultimately led to the arrest of Zamri, a drug trafficker whom the
Applicant purportedly knew as “Jimmy”. The information which the Applicant had
allegedly given to the CNB could be summarised as follows: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ASS at para 69.

(a) “Jimmy” was the person to whom the Applicant had been intending to deliver
the bundles which were found on him when he was arrested;

(b) “Jimmy” was a male Malay working as a security guard at Blk 1004 Lorong 8
Toa Payoh Industrial Park in or around August and September 2014;

(c) “Jimmy” was dark-skinned, had short hair, and did not wear glasses;

(d) “Jimmy” contacted the Applicant through the phone number +6581752012;

(e) The Applicant delivered bundles to “Jimmy” on three occasions prior to his
arrest, the first being on 27 August 2014;

(f) On that first occasion, the Applicant had placed a plastic bag containing
three bundles into the basket of a bicycle chained to a tree at Blk 1004 Toa
Payoh Lorong 8 Industrial Park. From the overhead bridge overlooking Blk 1004
Toa Payoh Lorong 8 Industrial Park, the Applicant had observed “Jimmy” looking
around for 15 to 20 minutes before collecting the plastic bag from the
bicycle.

52 It was not disputed that the above information had been conveyed by the
Applicant to the CNB through various investigative statements which had been
recorded prior to the conclusion of the Applicant’s trial. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AGSS at para 18.

53 I reiterate at the outset that a court can only examine the legality of the
PP’s determination, as opposed to its merits (Nagaenthran at [51]). In the
present case, the Applicant contended that the PP’s decision not to issue a
CSA despite the fact that he had allegedly provided substantive assistance was
irrational, illegal or both. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ASS at para 39.

Thus, in order to succeed in his application on this ground, the Applicant had
to establish a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the PP’s decision
was:

(a) illegal, because it had failed to exercise its discretion in good faith
according to the statutory purpose for which the power was granted, or because
it had taken into account irrelevant considerations or failed to take account
of relevant considerations; and/or

(b) irrational, because it was so unreasonable or outwardly defiant of logic
that no sensible person would have arrived at the impugned decision.

(See Tan Seet Eng v Attorney-General and another matter [2016] 1 SLR 779 at
[79] to [80].)

54 In my view, the Applicant had not established a prima facie case of
reasonable suspicion that the strict threshold of irrationality had been met
in the present case. Rather, I was satisfied, based on the evidence before me,
that the PP had acted reasonably in refusing to grant the CSA. Crucially,
although the Applicant had provided information relating to “Jimmy” in his
statements, it subsequently transpired that the person whom the Applicant had
identified from a photo-identification as “Jimmy” on 24 September 2014 was not
in fact Zamri. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

BOD, Vol 1, Tab 2 at para 26.

Whether this was due to the Applicant’s genuine mistake or otherwise, it would
have been of scant assistance to the CNB, and would instead have led them down
the wrong path in attempting to trace the said “Jimmy”, calling for further
intelligence-gathering and investigation.

55 The Applicant only revealed that he had identified the wrong person as
Zamri four years later, on 24 September 2018. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

BOD, Vol 1, Tab 2 at para 43.

This was long after the Applicant’s conviction on 2 May 2017, and more than
seven months after the dismissal of his appeal on 9 February 2018. Further,
Zamri had already been convicted on 31 March 2017, more than a year before 24
September 2018. In the circumstances, it was difficult to see how it could be
reasonably inferred that the Applicant had provided substantive assistance
leading to Zamri’s arrest in October 2014.

56 I next considered the question of illegality. It was clear that the burden
lay on the Applicant to raise a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that
the PP had acted for improper purposes, taken irrelevant considerations into
account, or failed to take relevant considerations into account (see
Nagaenthran at [78]). However, the Applicant did not adduce any evidence to
discharge this burden. As pointed out in Prabagaran (at [97]), the question of
whether an offender has provided substantive assistance involves a “multi-
faceted inquiry” taking into account a “multitude of factors”, such as the
upstream and downstream effects of any information provided, the operational
value of any information provided to existing intelligence, and the veracity
of any information provided when counterchecked against other intelligence
sources.

57 The Applicant was in no position to speculate as to how the CNB had
conducted its investigations or how it might have acted on the various sources
of information it obtained. This was especially so in view of the fact that
Superintendent Tan William of the CNB had affirmed two affidavits
categorically stating that the information provided by the Applicant did not
assist in Zamri’s arrest. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

BOD, Vol 2, Tab 8 at paras 6-7; Tab 12 at para 7.

After the conclusion of the Applicant’s trial

58 The Applicant also contended that after the dismissal of his appeal, he had
provided the CNB with detailed and credible information about the person named
“Anand” who had instructed him to bring the parcels from Malaysia into
Singapore, as well as other suspected drug traffickers. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ASS at para 89.

The Applicant alleged that this information could not have been furnished any
earlier as it was only uncovered post-appeal, through the efforts of the
Applicant’s family members who had “pounded the streets of Johor Bahru to
investigate the matter”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ASS at para 90.

59 It is clear that the latest time at which an accused may provide
information to assist the CNB (and avail himself of the sentencing regime
under s 33B of the MDA) is during his trial (Abdullah at [59]). The Court of
Appeal in Abdullah explained the rationale behind this requirement as follows:

If he withholds all or some information before and/or during the trial, he
cannot fault anybody if the PP decides not to issue the Certificate when the
time comes for the trial court to consider the issue of sentence. It is also
beneficial to the accused that he should furnish relevant and useful
information as soon as possible because the longer he delays, the more likely
the information would lose its usefulness.

60 Thus, I found that the post-appeal assistance rendered by the Applicant
could not be taken into consideration for the purposes of determining whether
the PP should have issued him a CSA. Further and in any event, the Applicant
had not adduced any evidence to challenge IO Neo Zhan Wei’s evidence 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Neo Zhan Wei’s 1st Affidavit dated 1 July 2019 at para 11.

that the Applicant’s post-appeal assistance was not useful to the CNB.

Whether the PP incorrectly understood its role under s 33B

61 The Applicant’s final contention pertaining to the PP challenge is that the
PP had misunderstood its role under s 33B of the MDA and had failed to act
lawfully as a result. There were two limbs to this argument. First, the
Applicant took issue with the fact that it was the former AG, namely AG V K
Rajah (“AG Rajah”), who had decided not to issue a CSA to the Applicant, more
than a year before the Applicant’s trial had even begun. Secondly, the DPPs
involved in the Applicant’s trial had allegedly adopted a “cavalier approach”
towards the issuance of the CSA.

62 In my judgment, there was no merit in either of these assertions. The
Applicant was not able to produce any authorities to support his proposition
that the CSA had to be specifically and personally reviewed by the AG who was
in office at the time he was due to be sentenced, namely AG Lucien Wong. A
considered decision had been made by AG Rajah on the evidence which had been
available to him before the trial commenced. Nothing new or material had
emerged at trial to warrant a reappraisal of AG Rajah’s decision not to issue
a CSA. In any event, the Applicant had not offered any novel information to
the CNB up to the point when he was due to be sentenced.

63 I was also unable to agree with the Applicant’s assertions about the
attitudes and/or conduct of the DPPs involved in the Applicant’s High Court
trial. These assertions were exclusively premised on the fact that DPP Wuan
Kin Lek, Nicholas (“DPP Wuan”) had used the words “discretion” and
“determination” interchangeably in an affidavit which he had filed in CA/CM
6/2019. I was unable to draw any inferences from this fact which, in my view,
may simply have been occasioned by an oversight on DPP Wuan’s part. In view of
the paucity of evidence to support the Applicant’s contentions, I found that
his submissions on this point were bound to fail.

The Cabinet challenge

64 Turning to the Cabinet challenge, the Applicant’s main contention was that
there was a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the Cabinet had,
when advising the President not to commute the Applicant’s death sentence,
failed to consider the substantive assistance he had rendered. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ASS at para 121.

65 In this regard, the Applicant relied on the fact that the State had refused
to confirm: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ASS at paras 122 – 123.

(a) when the Cabinet had advised the President to reject the Applicant’s
petition for clemency, save for saying that it was “prior to 7 May 2019”; and

(b) when the President was advised as to when the Applicant ought to be
executed.

66 The Applicant also took issue with the State’s refusal to disclose the
materials that were considered by the Cabinet in advising the President. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ASS at para 125.

67 In my judgment, this challenge was completely devoid of evidential
foundation. The Applicant had merely raised bare and speculative assertions
without attempting to buttress his contentions with any form of
substantiation. As the onus lay on the Applicant to prove a prima facie case
of reasonable suspicion, his inability to furnish any supporting evidence was
necessarily fatal to this application.

The SPS challenge

68 I now turn to the Applicant’s final challenge, viz, his challenge against
the SPS’s refusal to grant him permission to interview Zamri, a fellow inmate.

69 The facts relating to this challenge may be summarised as follows: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

BOD Vol 1, Tab 2 at paras 75-89; BOD Vol 2, Tab 9 at paras 20 – 21.

(a) On 10 June 2019, the Applicant’s solicitors applied, through the online
booking system on the SPS website, to interview Zamri on 14 June 2019. The
stated reason, selected from an online drop-down menu, was “interview inmate
who may become a defence witness”. By this time, Zamri had been convicted on a
capital charge and was awaiting his execution.

(b) By a letter dated 11 June 2019, the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“the
AGC”) wrote to the Applicant’s solicitors, requesting for “full particulars as
to how, and why, any evidence that Zamri may provide would be relevant to your
client’s intended application”.

(c) The Applicant’s solicitors replied saying that they were unable to provide
the information requested because (i) they had not yet interviewed Zamri, (ii)
they were unable to disclose the Applicant’s instructions as they were
confidential, and (iii) the contents of their interview with Zamri would be
protected by litigation privilege.

(d) The AGC replied that no privilege attached to the information sought, and
repeated their demands for the Applicant’s solicitors to explain how Zamri’s
evidence would be relevant.

(e) As of 14 June 2019, the request to interview Zamri still had not been
approved and thus, the Applicant’s solicitors did not manage to interview him
on that date.

(f) After the court agreed to grant the Applicant an extension of time to file
the present application, the Applicants again wrote to the AGC on 19 June
2019, setting out the relevance of Zamri’s potential evidence (as per the
AGC’s earlier demands), and requesting once more for an urgent interview with
Zamri.

(g) By a letter dated 20 June 2019, the AGC replied, again refusing the
request to interview Zamri on the basis that the Applicant was already able to
plead his case.

(h) On 25 June 2019, the AGC informed the Applicant that, in view of the fact
that the Applicant had filed HC/OS 807/2019 and had stated on affidavit what
his case in relation to Zamri was, the SPS had no objections to the
Applicant’s solicitors interviewing Zamri.

(i) The Applicant’s solicitors subsequently interviewed Zamri on 26 and 28
June 2019.

70 Although the Applicant alleged that the SPS’s actions were illegal,
irrational and procedurally improper, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

BOD Vol 1, Tab 2 at para 93.

he only sought to substantiate the claim concerning illegality. In this
regard, his primary contention was that the SPS had no lawful right to deny
him access to Zamri because (a) the Applicant had given sufficient notice of
the purpose of the visit (ie, to interview Zamri as a potential witness), (b)
the SPS had no business demanding for the relevance of Zamri’s evidence in
respect of contemplated litigation against other government departments, (c)
Zamri had consented to be interviewed, (d) there were no pending cases against
Zamri, and (e) there was no property in witnesses. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ASS at para 103.

The SPS’ actions were “all the more unlawful” because the information sought
by the AGC (acting on behalf of the SPS) was protected by both legal advice
privilege and litigation privilege. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ASS at para 104.

71 The Applicant further averred that the SPS’s denial of access was motivated
by improper purposes, namely its desire to seek the premature disclosure of
otherwise privileged information, and frustrate the Applicant’s attempt to
prepare for his case. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ASS at para 116.

72 In my judgment, the Applicant’s challenge against the SPS was plainly
unmeritorious as it was evident that he did not seek any substantive or
practical relief through this challenge. The Applicant had originally sought
three prayers against the SPS: (a) a Quashing Order against the SPS for its
refusal to grant access to Zamri, (b) a Mandatory Order obliging the SPS to
approve future requests of the Applicant’s solicitors to interview Zamri, and
(c) a Prohibiting Order prohibiting the SPS from carrying out the execution of
Zamri’s sentence until the final determination of his OS, including any
appeals. In view of the fact that the SPS had consented to the Applicant’s
solicitors interviewing Zamri subsequent to the filing of the present
application, the Applicant withdrew his prayers for the Mandatory Order and
the Prohibiting Order. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ASS at paras 119 – 120.

Only the prayer for the Quashing Order remained. To account for the continued
necessity of pursuing this prayer, the Applicant stressed that the SPS’s
actions had serious ramifications for the conduct of defence proceedings in
Singapore and rationalised that there was a need to pre-empt possible future
challenges of a similar nature.

73 I was unable to accept the Applicant’s submission. As the AG pointed out,
the facts of this case were unique – Zamri was a prisoner who was awaiting
capital punishment, and the Applicant’s offence was not directly correlated to
his. Further, prisoners are deemed to be in the legal custody of the
Superintendent of the prisons they are confined in (s 33 of the Prisons Act
(Cap 247, 2000 Rev Ed)), and there are no legal provisions which confer a
right of access to any prisoner in legal custody for the purposes of an
interview. As such, the Quashing Order – even if ultimately granted – would be
of zero or very limited utility, whether to the Applicant or to the criminal
Bar as a whole.

74 Nevertheless, I proceed to deal with the Applicant’s other arguments for
completeness. First, the Applicant’s point that the SPS had no lawful right to
deny him access to Zamri simply could not stand since the Applicant and his
solicitors were not legally entitled to obtain access to Zamri in the first
place. The Applicant’s contention pertaining to litigation privilege and legal
advice privilege was likewise misconceived. Even if I were to find, taking the
Applicant’s case at its highest, that the information sought was protected by
litigation and/or legal advice privilege, the SPS’s act of requesting for such
information was not ipso facto unlawful. Finally, I was not satisfied that the
Applicant had raised a prima facie reasonable suspicion that the SPS was
acting in bad faith or for improper purposes. These were serious allegations
and it was not open to the Applicant to cast aspersions on the SPS without
concrete evidence to shore up his suspicions.

Conclusion

75 In summary, I found that the evidence before me did not disclose an
arguable or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the
remedies sought by the Applicant. Accordingly, I dismissed the application.

76 As the AG agreed that each party should bear their own costs, I made no
order as to costs.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Too Xing Ji (BMS Law LLC) and Lee Ji En (Ascendant Legal LLC) for the
applicant;

Francis Ng Yong Kiat SC, Adrian Loo Yu Hao and Teo Siu Ming (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

