Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2020] SGCA 101

Criminal Motion No 28 of 2020

Between

Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Criminal Appeal No 38 of 2015

Between

Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Review application]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGCA 101

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 28 of 2020  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Judith Prakash JA  
22 September; 25 September 2020

16 October 2020 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Finality is a fundamental part of the legal system. Without it, dissatisfied
litigants could (and probably would) bring repeated applications to the
courts. Judicial decisions must confer certainty and stability and it is
impossible to have a properly functioning legal system if legal decisions are
open to “constant and unceasing challenge” (see the decision of this court in
Kho Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 135 (“Kho Jabing”) at [47]).
Finality, however, is not desired for its own sake. When we speak of finality,
we refer to finality that is achieved after due process, during which a just
and fair decision has been arrived at by the court of first instance as well
as by the appellate court concerned in accordance with the applicable legal
principles. Put simply, justice and fairness in both procedure as well as
substance is – and will always be – the ultimate aim of the courts and the
law. This applies to both civil and criminal proceedings alike. Indeed, it
cannot be the case that a dissatisfied litigant could bring repeated
applications until the desired outcome is achieved. If so, that would be the
very perversion of justice and fairness and would make a mockery of the rule
of law. Counsel should act in the best traditions of the bar and discourage
litigants from repeatedly bringing patently unmeritorious applications before
the court.

2 In support of the fundamental principle of justice enunciated above, there
are legal doctrines that prevent civil cases from being re-litigated after the
court has arrived at a final decision (see, in particular, the decision of
this court in The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank
NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and
others, other parties) and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104). Likewise, such
re-litigation is also proscribed in the criminal sphere. Nevertheless, as
justice and fairness are the ultimate aims of the legal system, there exists
an extremely limited legal avenue to review decisions even after the accused
person has been afforded his or her due process under the law. This is not
surprising as life or liberty is at stake. However, such review will only be
granted in rare cases (in accordance with the legal criteria which we will
elaborate upon below). Put simply, even a right to review in this context will
be the exception rather than the rule. This is one end of the spectrum. At the
other (and extreme) end of the spectrum, dissatisfied convicted persons may be
tempted to (and, in all probability would succumb to the temptation to)
utilise this legal process to bring repeated applications for review which
will not only undermine the spirit and substance of the review process, but
also bring us back full circle by undermining the very finality that we
referred to at the outset of this judgment. As we shall see, therefore, the
existing law provides a filtering or sifting process by way of an application
for leave that allows applications that are without merit (and which therefore
constitute an abuse of the process of court) to be dismissed either summarily
or after an oral hearing.

Background facts

3 We first set out the relevant facts that led to this application.

4 The applicant, Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin, was convicted and sentenced to the
mandatory death penalty for trafficking in not less than 38.84g of diamorphine
(commonly known as “heroin”) under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“the MDA”). In the applicant’s bedroom, four plastic packets containing
brownish granular substances (“the packets”) and a white metal container which
contained a brownish granular substance (“the bowl”) were found. The contents
of the packets and the bowl were analysed and found to contain at least 38.84g
of heroin, which quantity formed the subject of the trafficking charge (see
Public Prosecutor v Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin [2016] SGHC 8 (“the GD”) at
[4]–[6]).

5 In the applicant’s statements, he claimed that he had collected two packets
of heroin from his drug supplier. Shortly before his arrest, he sold one
packet and poured the second packet into the bowl with the intention of
packing it later. He denied knowledge of the four plastic packets and stated
that he could not have afforded the heroin found in them. The applicant
explained that he sold drugs sometime in May 2011 to pay for his daily
expenses and rental, and ordered one to two “batu” of heroin per week from his
drug supplier (see the GD at [11]–[16]).

6 The applicant’s case at the trial was starkly different. His case was that
all the drugs found in his possession (ie, those in the packets and bowl) were
for his personal consumption. He sought to persuade the court that he was a
heavy user who consumed roughly 12g to 18g of heroin per day and had the
financial capability to sustain his consumption. Regarding his financial
means, he asserted that he had obtained a cash advance of about $20,000 from
one Ami Aziz, his uncle in Malaysia (the “uncle”), and had earned $8,400 from
April to July 2011 (see the GD at [26] and [29]–[30]). The applicant claimed
that he did not inform the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) that the drugs
were for his own consumption when giving his statements as: (a) he was in a
state of panic and confusion and had experienced drug withdrawal symptoms; (b)
he wanted to distance himself from the packets; (c) he was in shock from the
sheer amount of heroin that he had been caught with; and (d) he had fabricated
parts of the statements to put across the story that he had ordered only two
packets of heroin (see the GD at [36]–[38]).

7 The trial judge (“the Judge”) was not persuaded that the applicant had the
financial capability to sustain his alleged consumption. The applicant had
irregular jobs. His bank account balances and the text messages between him,
his family and his girlfriend revealed an individual who was constantly in
need of money. There was also no evidence that the applicant had secured the
$20,000 advance from his uncle. Further, the applicant had not informed CNB
that the drugs in his possession were for personal consumption despite having
had multiple opportunities to do so. In the circumstances, the Judge held that
the applicant had failed to prove on a balance of probabilities that the
heroin in his possession was for personal consumption and, as a consequence,
had failed to rebut the presumption under s 17 of the MDA (see the GD at
[45]–[52]).

8 In so far as sentencing was concerned, the Judge considered the
applicability of the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B of the MDA. The
Judge held that the applicant was not a mere courier and ss 33B(2)(a) and
33B(3)(a) of the MDA were not satisfied. The Prosecution informed the Judge
that it would not be issuing a certificate of substantive assistance under s
33B(2)(b) of the MDA. Finally, the Judge held that s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA did
not apply as the applicant “did not claim that he was suffering from such
abnormality of mind as would have substantially impaired his mental
responsibility at the time of the offence”. In the circumstances, the Judge
imposed the mandatory death penalty on the applicant (see the GD at [53]).

9 On 18 October 2018, the applicant’s appeal in CA/CCA 38/2015 (“CCA 38”)
against his conviction and sentence was dismissed by this court for the
following reasons. First, the applicant had never mentioned in his statements
that the drugs found in his possession were for his own consumption. Second,
the medical evidence could not corroborate the alleged level of consumption.
Third, there was no evidence of the $20,000 advance that the applicant had
allegedly received from his uncle. Finally, the text messages found in the
applicant’s phone revealed a person who was desperately scrambling for small
loans to tide him over financially. This court affirmed the Judge’s decision
and found that the applicant had failed to raise even a reasonable doubt (let
alone prove on the balance of probabilities) that the entire consignment of
drugs found in his possession was for his personal consumption.

10 On 20 January 2020, acting pursuant to s 313(f) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”), the President of the Republic of
Singapore (“the President”) ordered the sentence of death imposed on the
applicant to be carried into effect on 7 February 2020. On 5 February 2020,
the President ordered a respite of the execution pending any further order. On
8 September 2020, the President ordered the sentence of death imposed on the
applicant to be carried into effect on 18 September 2020.

11 On 17 September 2020, the applicant applied for leave under s 394H of the
CPC to make a review application under s 394J of the CPC on two grounds: (a)
that the issue of whether he had suffered from an abnormality of mind under s
33B(3)(b) of the MDA had not been sufficiently canvassed at the trial or
appeal stages (“the Abnormality of Mind Ground”); and (b) that his trial
counsel did not make the necessary inquiries to adduce evidence in relation to
his uncle, in particular, on the alleged $20,000 advance which would have
shown that he had the financial means to sustain his alleged level of
consumption (“the Inheritance Ground”). The applicant wished to reopen his
case for resentencing under s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA, as well as to reopen his
appeal against his conviction. On 19 September 2020, this court granted the
applicant leave to make his review application under s 394H(7) of the CPC.

12 We heard the review application on 22 September 2020. At the outset of the
hearing, the applicant’s counsel, Mr M Ravi (“Mr Ravi”) sought to disqualify
Mr Francis Ng SC (“Mr Ng”) and his team from representing the Public
Prosecutor on the basis that the Public Prosecutor had come into contact with
privileged or confidential information in the form of a letter from the
applicant to his then-counsel, Mr Ramesh Tiwary (“Mr Tiwary”) and four letters
from the applicant to his uncle (collectively, “the Letters”) during the
course of the proceedings in CCA 38. The discovery by Mr Ng that the
Prosecution was in possession of the Letters had been disclosed in a letter
from the Prosecution to the court, copying Mr Ravi, dated 18 September 2020.
It is unfortunate that Mr Ravi did not give prior notice to the court, or for
that matter to the Prosecution, that he intended to bring such an application.
Because of this, coupled with the fact that the application was made by way of
an oral application, we struggled to understand the precise relief that was
being sought, or the basis upon which it was sought. When we sought this
clarification, Mr Ravi submitted that the entire corps of officers at the
Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”) were conflicted from addressing the court.
Without having filed any evidence, Mr Ravi also made some representations as
to what the applicant’s previous counsel had informed him in connection with
the disclosure by the Prosecution in relation to the Letters. We take this
opportunity to reiterate that this is not the appropriate way to raise such
issues before the court. There was an emotive quality to the submissions that
were being advanced, but a court is bound to deal with such matters only on
established legal principles. Despite the absence of any evidentiary material
that was put before us by Mr Ravi, we sought and obtained from Mr Ng
confirmation that he had not been involved in CCA 38 and did not have sight of
the contents of the Letters. In these circumstances, we were satisfied that Mr
Ravi had failed to show the court any basis on which he could justify his
claim that the entirety of the AGC was disqualified from appearing in this
matter, nor any prejudice that may have been occasioned by the disclosure of
the Letters in the context of the present application. As we found no basis on
which to disqualify Mr Ng and his team from representing the Public Prosecutor
in this application, we proceeded to hear the arguments.

13 Turning to the substantive grounds, Mr Ravi confirmed at the hearing of the
present application that he would not be relying on the Inheritance Ground. Mr
Ravi in fact acknowledged in the course of his arguments that he had no real
basis to advance this ground. As we pointed out to him, it should not then
have been advanced at all. We reiterate this point because the review process
is not to be invoked lightly and as officers of the court, counsel are bound
not to advance grounds that are without reasonable basis, for if they do, they
face the prospect of being sanctioned for abusing the process of the court. As
to the Abnormality of Mind Ground, we pointed out to Mr Ravi that to qualify
for the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(3) of the MDA, the
applicant’s involvement in the trafficking offence must be restricted to being
a courier as defined under s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA, in conjunction with proving
that he had been suffering from an abnormality of mind at the relevant time,
as these were cumulative requirements. This was a point Mr Ravi did not seem
to have appreciated in his written submissions filed in the leave application.
In the circumstances, Mr Ravi requested an opportunity to persuade the court
that the applicant was a courier within the meaning of s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA,
which we granted accordingly. On 25 September 2020, Mr Ravi filed further
submissions attempting to address this issue (“Further Submissions”). We will
elaborate on the parties’ further submissions in the course of our decision.

14 Before turning to the issues proper, we reiterate the stringent
requirements that must be satisfied before the court will exercise its power
to review an earlier decision of the appellate court.

Exercise of power of review in criminal proceedings

15 To recapitulate, before a criminal review can be set down for hearing,
there must first be an application for leave under s 394H of the CPC, which
application might be dismissed either summarily or after an oral hearing. If
the application for leave is dismissed, that is the end of the matter.

16 As the judge hearing the application for leave in these proceedings under s
394H(6)(a) of the CPC, I was of the view that this was, based on the relevant
materials before me, an application that ought to have been dismissed. What
tipped the scales in favour of the grant of leave (and, hence, the present
review hearing before a full coram of judges) was the fact that the current
statutory regime was relatively new and there was some benefit to be had in
having a full coram set out the stringent nature of the criteria for allowing
any such application after considering the arguments. Indeed, it seemed to me
that if the court concluded that the present application was one that was so
lacking in merit, then having set out the position in this judgment, it would
afford a principled basis for similar applications in the future to be
dismissed at the leave stage (perhaps even summarily), thus remaining true to
the spirit as well as substance of the statutory regime (see for example, Moad
Fadzir Bin Mustaffa v Public Prosecutor [2020] SGCA 97 (“Moad Fadzir”)).

17 Section 394J of the CPC, which codified a number of considered decisions by
this court on the manner in which the interests of finality should be balanced
against the need to prevent a miscarriage of justice in criminal proceedings
(see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (19 March 2018) vol 94
at p 79 (Indranee Rajah, Senior Minister of State for Law)), sets out the
requirements before the court will review its earlier decision as follows:

Requirements for exercise of power of review under this Division

394J.—(1) This section —

(a) sets out the requirements that must be satisfied by an applicant in a
review application before an appellate court will exercise its power of review
under this Division; and

(b) does not affect the inherent power of an appellate court to review, on its
own motion, an earlier decision of the appellate court.

(2) The applicant in a review application must satisfy the appellate court
that there is sufficient material (being evidence or legal arguments) on which
the appellate court may conclude that there has been a miscarriage of justice
in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision was made.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2), in order for any material to be
“sufficient”, that material must satisfy all of the following requirements:

(a) before the filing of the application for leave to make the review
application, the material has not been canvassed at any stage of the
proceedings in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision
was made;

(b) even with reasonable diligence, the material could not have been adduced
in court earlier;

(c) the material is compelling, in that the material is reliable, substantial,
powerfully probative, and capable of showing almost conclusively that there
has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of which
the earlier decision was made.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (2), in order for any material consisting
of legal arguments to be “sufficient”, that material must, in addition to
satisfying all of the requirements in subsection (3), be based on a change in
the law that arose from any decision made by a court after the conclusion of
all proceedings relating to the criminal matter in respect of which the
earlier decision was made.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (2), the appellate court may conclude that
there has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of
which the earlier decision was made, only if —

(a) the earlier decision (being a decision on conviction or sentence) is
demonstrably wrong; or

(b) the earlier decision is tainted by fraud or a breach of the rules of
natural justice, such that the integrity of the judicial process is
compromised.

(6) For the purposes of subsection (5)(a), in order for an earlier decision on
conviction to be “demonstrably wrong” —

(a) it is not sufficient that there is a real possibility that the earlier
decision is wrong; and

(b) it must be apparent, based only on the evidence tendered in support of the
review application and without any further inquiry, that there is a powerful
probability that the earlier decision is wrong.

(7) For the purposes of subsection (5)(a), in order for an earlier decision on
sentence to be “demonstrably wrong”, it must be shown that the decision was
based on a fundamental misapprehension of the law or the facts, thereby
resulting in a decision that is blatantly wrong on the face of the record.

18 In summary, an applicant in a review application must satisfy the appellate
court that there is sufficient material, either evidential or of a legal
nature, on which the appellate court may conclude that there has been a
miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier
decision was made (s 394J(2)). For the material to be “sufficient”, it is
necessary for all of the requirements under s 394J(3) to be satisfied. That
is, the applicant must show: (a) that the material has not been canvassed at
any stage of the criminal proceedings; (b) that the material could not have
been adduced with reasonable diligence; and (c) that the material is
compelling, in that the material is reliable, substantial, powerfully
probative and capable of showing almost conclusively that there has been a
miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier
decision was made. The failure to satisfy any of these requirements will
result in the dismissal of the review application. In respect of new legal
arguments, there is an additional requirement that the legal arguments must be
based on a change in the law that arose from any decision made by the court
after the conclusion of the applicant’s criminal proceedings (s 394J(4)). We
had explained the rationale for such a requirement prior to the introduction
of s 394J in Kho Jabing ([1] supra) at [57]–[58] as follows:

57 … The wastage of judicial resources that would accompany the reopening of a
case which has already been decided on its merits (which the requirement of
non-availability is designed to prevent) is therefore concomitantly greater.
For this reason, we are of the view that greater stringency is warranted in an
application for a review of a concluded criminal appeal, and the requirement
of non-availability must be strictly adhered to in respect of such an
application.

58 We appreciate that this means that it will be rare for this court to
entertain an application for review which is premised on new legal arguments
alone because it will normally be difficult for the applicant in such a case
to show that the legal arguments in question could not, even with reasonable
diligence, have been raised prior to the filing of the application for a
review. It seems to us that in respect of new legal arguments, the criterion
of “non-availability” will ordinarily be satisfied only if the legal arguments
concerned are made following a change in the law.

[emphasis added]

19 As we have stated, in considering whether the material is sufficient, the
court must consider whether the material is “capable of showing almost
conclusively that there has been a miscarriage of justice” (s 394J(3)(c) of
the CPC). Likewise, when it comes to the ultimate question of whether the
review application should be allowed, the material must be such that the court
“may conclude that there has been a miscarriage of justice” (s 394J(2)). There
will be a miscarriage of justice if there is a “manifest error” or an
“egregious violation of a principle of law or procedure which strikes at the
very heart of the decision under challenge” (see Kho Jabing at [63]). This may
be shown in two ways: (a) that the earlier decision is “demonstrably wrong” (s
394J(5)(a)); or (b) that the earlier decision is tainted by fraud or a breach
of the rules of natural justice such that the integrity of the judicial
process is compromised (s 394J(5)(b)). To show that an earlier decision on
conviction is “demonstrably wrong”, it must be apparent from the evidence
tendered that there is a powerful probability that the earlier decision is
wrong; to show that an earlier decision on sentence is “demonstrably wrong”,
it must have been based on a fundamental misapprehension of the law or the
facts (s 394J(6)–(7)).

20 These strict requirements give effect to the principle of finality and
reflect the fact that the review procedure concerns the situation where the
case has already been heard at least twice. We explained this recently in
Kreetharan s/o Kathireson v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2020] SGCA 91
at [19]–[20]:

19 These requirements reflect the fact that the s 394H and s 394I procedure
does not provide a second-tier appeal, but, instead, concerns the distinct
situation where the case, by this point, has been heard at least twice.
Indeed, Ms Rajah observed as follows (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (19 March 2018) vol 94 at p 79 (Indranee Rajah, the Senior
Minister of State for Law)):

Before the filing of the application of leave to make the review application,
the material must not have been canvassed at any stage of the proceedings in
the criminal matter, in respect of which the earlier decision was made.

So, it must be remembered that this scenario is different from a scenario
where something is coming up for consideration for the first time. This is
intended to address the scenario where it has been heard once – it has been
appealed, it has been heard – and, therefore, you are trying to re-open it
again, which means the Court has already applied its mind. Therefore, the
threshold is different.

You therefore have to show that it is something where it could not or had not
been canvassed at an earlier stage. Because if it had been canvassed at an
earlier stage and it was considered, and the Court had said no, then really,
it should follow the normal procedural rules, which is that you do not re-open
concluded hearings.

It is also a requirement that even with reasonable diligence, the material
could not have been adduced in Court earlier. Obviously, that is to impress
upon parties that they must take all reasonable efforts to look for the
relevant evidence.

…

[emphasis added]

20 Where the material concerned consists of legal arguments, it must, in
addition to satisfying the requirements in s 394J(3) of the CPC, be based on a
change in the law that arose from any decision made by a court after the
conclusion of all earlier proceedings relating to the criminal matter in
respect of which the earlier decision was made (s 394J(4) of the CPC). The
appellate court may conclude that there has been a miscarriage of justice only
if the earlier decision is demonstrably wrong, or if the earlier decision is
tainted by fraud or a breach of the rules of natural justice, such that the
integrity of the judicial process is compromised (s 394J(5) of the CPC).

21 Having set out the statutory regime and the stringent requirements that
must be fulfilled before the court will exercise its power of review, we turn
to the issues proper.

Our decision

The Abnormality of Mind Ground

Whether the applicant could not have adduced the materials with reasonable
diligence

22 The applicant submits that his legal argument on the Abnormality of Mind
Ground constitutes a new and compelling reason to reopen the appeal in CCA 38.
He argues that his trial and appeal counsel did not consider the viability, or
the possibility, of his circumstances falling within the alternative
sentencing regime under s 33B(3)(b) MDA. Mr Ravi additionally deposed on
affidavit that Dr Ken Ung Eng Khean, a Consultant Psychiatrist at Adam Road
Medical Centre, has stated his willingness to visit the applicant to prepare a
report on the question of abnormality of mind (“Dr Ung’s Report”). In the
applicant’s Further Submissions, he submits that the activities which formed
the basis of his conviction (ie, his purchase of the drugs, transporting them
to his house and emptying one packet of the drugs into the bowl) fell within
the ambit of s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA. He asserts that the Judge erred in
finding that all the drugs found in his possession were intended for sale and
that it was Parliament’s intention for an accused like him to be afforded
recourse to the alternative sentencing regime because Parliament had intended
only to impose the mandatory death penalty upon “those who manufacture or
traffic in drugs” (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (9
July 2012) vol 89 at p 264 (Teo Chee Hean, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister
for Home Affairs)). We shall refer to this argument as the “Courier Argument”.
The Abnormality of Mind Ground, the Courier Argument and Dr Ung’s Report shall
be collectively referred to as “the materials”.

23 It is a necessary requirement for the applicant to show that the materials
could not have been adduced previously with reasonable diligence (s 394J(3)(b)
of the CPC). This requirement is not satisfied in the present application. It
is not disputed that the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(3) of the
MDA was in force at the time the applicant was convicted in the High Court.
The applicant had ample opportunity to introduce the materials, ie, to argue
that his circumstances fell within the alternative sentencing regime, but he
chose not to do so. As pointed out by the Prosecution, the applicant was
queried, twice, by the Judge on whether he sought to raise any issues
pertaining to being a courier (s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA) or in relation to an
abnormality of mind (s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA) at the trial. The applicant had
confirmed on 19 November 2015 and 2 December 2015, through his trial counsel
Mr Mahendran s/o Mylvaganam, that he would not be raising these issues.

24 The Judge found that the “facts showed that [the applicant] was not a mere
courier of drugs” [emphasis added] (see the GD at [53]) and this finding was
not reversed on appeal. It is also significant that the only case run by the
defence on this point was that he had all the drugs in his possession for his
own consumption. He never gave any other explanation as to his intentions in
relation to the drugs. The judge rejected this in large part because he found
that the applicant could not have afforded such an outlay for his own
consumption and in coming to this conclusion, he rejected the inheritance
argument (see [7] above). Once Mr Ravi admitted that he really had no basis
for attempting to reopen this case on the Inheritance Ground (see [13] above),
he had nothing left in his arsenal with which to displace the Judge’s finding
of fact on this issue. In any case, the applicant has not satisfied us that
the Abnormality of Mind Ground and the Courier Argument were legal arguments
that could not have been pursued with reasonable diligence at any time during
the criminal proceedings. In so far as the applicant wishes to introduce Dr
Ung’s Report as new evidence, this court had, in CCA 38, afforded the
applicant ample opportunity to consider whether a further psychiatric report
was required on appeal and the applicant had decided not to adduce such
evidence. At the appeal hearing on 3 May 2018, Mr Tiwary, the applicant’s
then-counsel, confirmed that the applicant sought an adjournment of the appeal
in order to file a motion to adduce the evidence of his uncle, but not that of
a psychiatrist.

25 It is apposite to highlight that in respect of new legal arguments, the
applicant must also satisfy the court that the legal arguments, ie, the
Abnormality of Mind Ground and the Courier Argument, were based on a change in
the law that arose from any decision made by a court after the conclusion of
the applicant’s criminal proceedings (see s 394J(4) of the CPC and [18]
above). With regard to the Courier Argument, the applicant has failed to raise
any such change in law. As for the Abnormality of Mind Ground, the applicant
refers to this court’s recent decision in Mohammad Azli bin Mohammad Salleh v
Public Prosecutor and another appeal and other matters [2020] 1 SLR 1374
(“Mohammad Azli”) at [34] to support his contention that the parties involved
(ie, the trial judge, the Defence and the Prosecution) are now obliged to
explore arguments in relation to the alternative sentencing regime under s
33B(3)(b) MDA and that this constitutes a change in the law:

... We take this opportunity to highlight the importance of ensuring that the
alternative sentencing regime under ss 33B(2) and 33B(3) of the MDA is
specifically canvassed in every trial involving a capital charge under the
MDA. It is the duty of defence counsel to consider, at the earliest stage,
whether their clients have a viable case under either s 33B(2) or s 33B(3), so
that the necessary evidence may be adduced during the trial. If the accused
person is convicted of the capital charge, the Defence, the Prosecution and
the trial judge are each responsible for considering the applicability of ss
33B(2) and 33B(3) prior to sentencing. This extends to the Prosecution
intimating its position, in relevant cases, on whether it intends to issue the
offender with a certificate of substantive assistance under s 33B(2)(b).
[emphasis in original]

26 In Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney-General [2012] 2 SLR 49 (“Ramalingam”),
the applicant filed a criminal motion on the ground that the Attorney-General
had exercised his prosecutorial discretion contrary to Art 12(1) of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the
Constitution”) by prosecuting the applicant for capital offences while
prosecuting his co-offender, who was involved in the same criminal enterprise,
for non-capital offences. This court held that the applicant had ample
opportunity to raise, at an earlier stage, the constitutional points which he
now sought to advance in his application for review, and “had no cause to
complain if [the Court of Appeal] had declined to hear this Motion on the
basis that he had exhausted all his rights to due process” (at [16]). This
court nevertheless decided to hear the applicant’s motion to clarify, in the
public interest, the interaction between the prosecutorial discretion in Art
35(8) of the Constitution and the right to equality before the law conferred
by Art 12(1) (at [17]). In the circumstances, the applicant’s motion was
dismissed as this court held that he had not proved a prima facie case of a
violation of Art 12(1) and the evidence on record did not rebut the
presumption of constitutionality which applied to the Attorney-General’s
prosecutorial discretion (at [73]).

27 In Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 872 (“Yong Vui Kong”) the
applicant brought a criminal motion, two weeks after this court’s decision in
Ramalingam, to reopen his case on the ground that the selective prosecution as
between the applicant and his co-offender (“Chia”) violated Art 12(1) of the
Constitution. This court decided to reopen the decision as the case presented
itself as a more compelling instance in which there might have been unequal
treatment given that Chia, who was alleged to be the applicant’s boss and
supplier, appeared to be the more culpable offender than the applicant (at
[19]). This court also held that before Ramalingam, the legal position in
Singapore in relation to the constitutional relationship between Arts 12(1)
and 35(8) of the Constitution was unclear (at [18]). In that regard, the
argument raised by the applicant in Yong Vui Kong on the basis of Ramalingam
was “new”, both in the sense that it had not been considered before the filing
of the application for review and in the sense that until Ramalingam the point
was not clarified and hence, could not, even with reasonable diligence, have
been raised in court prior to that (see Kho Jabing ([1] supra) at [75]).

28 In contrast to Yong Vui Kong, the Abnormality of Mind Ground and the
Courier Argument were arguments that could have been raised with reasonable
diligence at the proceedings below, as we have elaborated upon at [23]–[24]
above. Further, in so far as both Ramalingam and Yong Vui Kong were concerned,
the legal position in Singapore in relation to the constitutional relationship
between Arts 12(1) and 35(8) of the Constitution was unclear before the
decision in Ramalingam. On the contrary, there was no uncertainty in relation
to the applicability of the alternative sentencing regime in the context of
the present case. We accept the Prosecution’s submission that Mohammad Azli at
[34] did not give rise to any change in the law but merely highlighted the
importance of ensuring that the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B of
the MDA was given due attention (see also Moad Fadzir at [19]). This, the
Judge had done. The Judge had considered whether the applicant’s circumstances
fell within the alternative sentencing regime based on the available evidence
at the trial (see [23] above).

29 In the circumstances, the applicant has failed to show that the materials
could not have been adduced with reasonable diligence either at the trial or
on the appeal. As we shall see, even if we were to consider the Abnormality of
Mind Ground and the Courier Argument, they are, in any event, far from being
of the compelling nature required to satisfy the requirement under s
394J(3)(c).

Whether the materials are compelling

30 Compelling material is material that is “reliable, substantial, powerfully
probative, and capable of showing almost conclusively that there has been a
miscarriage of justice” (see s 394J(3)(c) of the CPC and Kho Jabing at
[59]–[61]). The applicant submits that the evidence available at the trial and
on appeal suggest that his circumstances fell within s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA.
The applicant relies on the following evidence: (a) a report by Dr Munidasa
Winslow (“Dr Winslow”) and Dr Julia CY Lam dated 15 May 2014 (“Dr Winslow’s
Report”) where it was concluded that the applicant was likely to have had
heroin dependence at the time of his arrest; (b) Dr Winslow’s testimony at the
trial that if a heroin user’s source was reliable, he would keep one month’s
worth of heroin to ensure that the supply did not run out, or if supply line
was erratic, three months’ worth of heroin; and (c) the fact that the amount
of morphine found in the applicant’s urine samples increased from 1999 to
2011. In his Further Submissions, the applicant argues that the activities
which formed the basis of his conviction (ie, his purchase of the drugs,
transporting them to his house and emptying one packet of the drugs into the
bowl) fell within the ambit of s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA and that he should, for
all intents and purposes, be treated as a “courier” (see [22] above).

31 In contrast, the Prosecution submits that that there was unchallenged
evidence adduced at the trial that the applicant had been free of psychotic
symptoms for many years and his attempt to rely on the Abnormality of Mind
Ground is an afterthought. In response to the applicant’s Further Submissions,
the Prosecution submits that the court is entitled draw inferences from an
offender’s intended actions based on the evidence available and that there was
sufficient evidence at the trial to show that the applicant had intended to
sell the drugs in his possession. The Prosecution emphasises that the burden
falls on the applicant to prove that his involvement in the offence was
restricted to the circumstances set out in s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA and at the
trial, the applicant’s case was that he had intended to consume all the drugs
found in his possession. We accept the Prosecution’s submissions.

32 The Abnormality of Mind Ground and Courier Argument do not in any way (let
alone “almost conclusively” as is the requirement under s 394J(3)(c) of the
CPC) demonstrate that there has been a miscarriage of justice in his criminal
proceedings. First, as pointed out by the Prosecution and as we put to Mr Ravi
at the hearing of the present application (see [13] above), to qualify for the
alternative sentencing regime, in addition to showing that the applicant was
suffering from such abnormality of mind as would have substantially impaired
his mental responsibility for the trafficking offence, the applicant’s
involvement in the offence must have been restricted to being a courier within
the circumstances defined under s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA. These are conjunctive
requirements. Mr Ravi seeks to convince this court on the Courier Argument
that the applicant should be treated as a courier within s 33B(3)(a) of the
MDA, but the language of the provision is clear and, as we have stated, the
Judge made a finding of fact (which was not reversed on appeal) that the
applicant “was not a mere courier of drugs [and] had the intention and the
means of repacking the drugs he had obtained from [his supplier] for sale to
third parties” [emphasis added] (see the GD at [53]). This must be viewed
against the context that the crux of the applicant’s defence at the trial was
simply that all the drugs found in his possession were for his personal
consumption and he had not advanced the case that he was merely a courier,
which would have been inconsistent with his defence of personal consumption.
As we stated at [23] above, the applicant himself confirmed that he would not
be raising issues pertaining to being a courier. As a result, there was simply
no evidence adduced at trial that could support the Courier Argument, and on
the available evidence the Judge was amply justified in finding that the
applicant was more than a mere courier. The applicant has also not introduced
any new evidence in this application to justify reopening the Judge’s finding
of fact.

33 We turn to the merits of the Abnormality of Mind Ground. To fall within s
33B(3)(b) of the MDA, the applicant has to show that: (a) he was suffering
from an abnormality of mind; (b) the abnormality of mind arose from a
condition of arrested or retarded development of mind, or arose from any
inherent causes, or was induced by disease or injury; and (c) the abnormality
of mind substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and
omissions in relation to his offence (see the decision of this court in
Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2
SLR 216 at [21]). Even if the applicant were able to satisfy (a) and (b)
above, the medical evidence adduced at the trial suggested that the applicant
was not suffering from such abnormality of mind as would have substantially
impaired his mental responsibility for the offence. In Mohammad Azli ([25]
supra), the possibility that one of the appellants, Roszaidi, might fall
within the scope of s 33B(3) of the MDA did not appear to have been considered
by his then-counsel, the Prosecution, or the trial judge. In addition,
Roszaidi had relied on a psychiatric report, adduced at the trial itself,
which stated that he was diagnosed with “mental and behavioural disorder due
to dependence o[n] multiple substances” and “major depressive disorder” (see
Mohammad Azli at [29]). There was also some support from the relevant clinical
notes admitted at trial for the contention that Roszaidi’s substance
dependence had substantially impaired his mental responsibility for the
offence (see Mohammad Azli at [30]). This court in Mohammad Azli was thus
persuaded of the possibility of Roszaidi’s circumstances falling within the
alternative sentencing regime (at [29]–[34]).

34 In contrast, and bearing in mind that Mohammad Azli was a case on appeal
rather than an application for review, the applicant had been seen by a total
of eight doctors, none of whom had reported that the applicant might have any
mental or behavioural disorder, or any other related disorder that might
possibly have supported the finding of an abnormality of mind which had
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for the offence. In
particular, Dr Kenneth Koh, a consultant at the Institute of Mental Health,
examined the applicant on 22 and 25 August 2011. Dr Koh stated in his medical
report dated 17 April 2012 that the applicant had “reported the absence of any
psychotic symptoms for many years” and was “not of unsound mind at the time of
the alleged offence”. The relevant portions of the Dr Koh’s medical report are
as follows:

Mental State Examination

[The applicant] was a well built man who was relevant and spontaneous in his
speech. He maintained good eye contact. His affect was reactive and normal and
he was neither psychomotor retarded or agitated.

He reported the absence of any psychotic symptoms for many years now. He did
not suffer from any hallucinations, delusions, or have feelings that his
thoughts were being externally interfered with.

He denied the presence of any extended period of low mood, and also had no
disturbance of sleep, appetite or concentration.

Opinion

When I last examined him, my opinions were that:

1\. [The applicant] has opioid dependence.

2\. He had a psychotic episode in the past, but has been free of psychotic
symptoms for many years now.

3\. He was not of unsound mind at the time of the alleged offence.

4\. He is currently fit to plead.

[emphasis added in italics]

35 The applicant relied substantially on Dr Winslow’s Report which stated that
the applicant was likely to have “moderately severe heroin dependence”. This,
however, did not go towards showing that the applicant had an abnormality of
mind which substantially impaired his mental responsibility for the offence.
Pertinently, Dr Winslow stated in the same report that there was “no evidence
of psychotic symptoms” [emphasis added]:

14 In his mental state examination, he was alert and relevant, with good eye
contact. He was forthcoming about events that led to his arrest and how it
happened. There was no evidence of psychotic symptoms, and he was oriented to
time, place and person. His mood, concentration and energy levels were fair.
He reported poor and broken sleep.

15 In summary, [the applicant] has a history of using heroin and illicit drugs
since his teens. He went to DRC two times and was a heroin dependent at the
time of his arrest. It is possible that his use was 1.5 packet of heroin (12g)
per day given his history and tolerance due to his daily injecting usage. We
noted the discrepancies between his self-reported withdrawal signs and
symptoms, and those observed and documented in his medical reports. Our
reading of his raw medical notes though would indicate moderately severe
withdrawal symptoms. It is likely that his moderately severe heroin dependence
and heavy use was to avoid withdrawal symptoms.

[emphasis added]

36 For completeness, the applicant’s argument that he had been suffering from
an abnormality of mind at the relevant time because the morphine level found
in his urine samples increased from 1999 to 2011 is, with respect, a non-
sequitur. There is no evidence of any link between the former and the latter.

37 We reiterate that the applicant had confirmed at the trial that he would
not be raising any issue in relation to an abnormality of mind under s
33B(3)(b) of the MDA and this court had given the applicant ample opportunity
to consider whether a further psychiatric report was required on appeal (see
[23]–[24] above). In any event, given the Judge’s finding that the applicant
was not a mere courier of drugs and our rejection of the Courier Argument (see
[32] above), the Abnormality of Mind Ground is ultimately immaterial. In the
circumstances, the Abnormality of Mind Ground and the Courier Argument do not
come close to fulfilling the requirement of compellability under s 394J(3)(c)
of the CPC.

The Inheritance Ground

38 We turn to the Inheritance Ground which we will deal with briefly. As
stated at [13] above, Mr Ravi confirmed at the hearing of the present
application that he would not be relying on this ground. In short, the
applicant submits that his counsel failed to make the necessary inquiries to
produce evidence in relation to the alleged $20,000 cash advance from his
uncle. The applicant claims that he is now able, approximately two years after
the conclusion of his appeal in CCA 38, to adduce evidence to show that he had
obtained this alleged $20,000 cash advance from his uncle and should be
granted the opportunity to do so. As against this, the Prosecution submits
that this assertion is not material that falls within s 394J(3)(b) of the CPC
and that in any event, the applicant had been granted numerous opportunities
to adduce the necessary evidence.

39 In our view, the Inheritance Ground is a non-starter as it is neither a
legal argument nor evidence that falls within the ambit of s 394J(2) of the
CPC. In particular, this court had furnished ample opportunities for the
applicant to explore this avenue and to adduce further evidence in relation to
his uncle, but the applicant chose not to do so:

(a) On 3 May 2018, at one of the hearings of the appeal in CCA 38, this court
granted an adjournment to allow the applicant to adduce the evidence of his
uncle. This court directed that a statutory declaration from the applicant’s
uncle be filed within two weeks from 3 May 2018. The applicant failed to do
so.

(b) At a subsequent hearing on 16 August 2018, notwithstanding the applicant’s
failure to file a statutory declaration on this court’s previous directions,
this court informed Mr Amarick Gill, the applicant’s counsel at the time, that
if the applicant wished to file a motion to adduce fresh evidence on appeal in
relation to the uncle, “the Defence shall put forward a statutory declaration
or affidavit of [the uncle] in relation to the evidence that he intend[ed] to
give…”. No such evidence was adduced.

40 In the circumstances, we were not surprised that Mr Ravi has decided to
forsake reliance on the Inheritance Ground. In this regard, though, we
reiterate the caution to counsel in future applications against raising points
or arguments that they do not have a reasonable basis to submit upon as to do
so would be an abuse of the process of court.

Conclusion

41 For the reasons set out above, we dismiss the applicant’s review
application in CA/CM 28/2020. The applicant has failed to produce sufficient
material under s 394J(3)–(4) of the CPC and we are equally not persuaded that
there has been any miscarriage of justice in the criminal proceedings in
relation to the applicant. We have highlighted the stringent requirements that
must be satisfied in an application for review and will not hesitate to
summarily dismiss patently unmeritorious applications in the future – even at
the leave stage.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Ravi s/o Madasamy (Carson Law Chambers) for the applicant;  
Francis Ng Yong Kiat SC, Wuan Kin Lek Nicholas and Chin Jincheng (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

