Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 73

Suit No 858 of 2018

Between

Fundamental Investors Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

Palm Tree Investment Group Pte Ltd

… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Rules of construction]

[Contract] — [Consideration] — [Estoppel]

[Contract] — [Prevention principle]

[Evidence] — [Documentary evidence] — [Proof of contents]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Fundamental Investors Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Palm Tree Investment Group Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 73

High Court — Suit No 858 of 2018  
Vincent Hoong J  
18, 19, 20, 21 November 2019, 10, 24, 31 January 2020

17 April 2020 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 Under the terms of a Convertible Loan Agreement (“the Loan Agreement”), the
plaintiff agreed to lend a sum of S$2,000,000 (“the Loan”) to the defendant.
The Loan Agreement included an option – exercisable at the plaintiff’s sole
discretion – for the plaintiff to convert the Loan into an equity stake in the
defendant’s micro-loan business.

2 The plaintiff alleges that the defendant failed to repay the Loan by the
contractually-stipulated repayment date. It seeks repayment of the full amount
of the Loan with interest. The defendant counters that the plaintiff is
estopped from so claiming by reason of its representation(s) that it would
exercise the option to convert the Loan into equity. Further or alternatively,
it asserts that its obligation to repay the Loan had not yet fallen due as at
the time of the writ.

3 Having carefully considered the evidence and the submissions before me, I
find that the plaintiff succeeds in its claim. I set out the reasons for my
decision below.

Facts

Parties

4 The plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated investment holding company. It is
wholly owned by Mr Fereed Mangalji (“Mr Mangalji”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“PBAEIC”) at p 3, para
3

Ms Li Pei Shan Eva (“Ms Li”) is a director of the plaintiff who manages its
investments in Singapore and the region. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PBAEIC at p 107, para 1 and p 108, para 3

5 The defendant is also a Singapore-incorporated company. Its primary business
is to act as a holding company and private investment vehicle for prospective
business ventures. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence (Amendment No. 2) (“Defence (2)”) at para 4

At the material time, the defendant owned a Philippines-incorporated
subsidiary, Right Choice Lending (“RCL”) (also known as Right Choice Finance),
which was engaged in the business of providing micro-loans. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“DBAEIC”) at p 11, para
4; Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 20 November 2019, 23/6-10

It also operated a food and beverage business in Singapore and the
Philippines. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 23/1-5

6 Mr James Kodrowski (“Mr Kodrowski”) is the managing director and sole
shareholder of the defendant, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (Vol 1) (“AB1”) at p 545

and it is undisputed that he fully controlled the defendant at the material
time. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 20/9-10

Background to the dispute

The events from November 2017 – mid-December 2017

7 In or around November 2017, the defendant engaged Mr Olavs Ritenis (“Mr
Ritenis”), the CEO of Ventures International Group (Singapore), to raise funds
for its micro-lending business, RCL. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence (2) at para 5.

Mr Ritenis pitched RCL’s micro-lending business to the plaintiff and invited
the plaintiff to raise funds for RCL via the plaintiff’s preferred investment
structure. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB1 at pp 58-77

8 In mid-November 2017, Ms Li visited RCL’s office in the Philippines to
gather more information about RCL’s business. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PBAEIC at p 108, para [7]

Subsequently, after further discussion between Mr Mangalji, Mr Kodrowski and
Mr Ritenis, the parties entered into the Loan Agreement, which was dated 15
December 2017.

9 Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the plaintiff agreed to lend a sum of
S$2,000,000 to the defendant in two equal tranches of S$1,000,000 each. The
recitals of the Loan Agreement explicitly provided that the purpose of the
Loan was to enable the defendant to “perform its obligations for micro
financing lending in Philippines”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB1 at p 93

The material provisions of the Loan Agreement were as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB1 at pp 93-99

1\. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1 Definitions

…

Termination Date means 6 months from date of this agreement.

…

2\. THE LOAN

2.1 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Lender agrees to
grant the borrower a convertible loan equal to the sum of Tranche 1 and
Tranche 2.

…

4\. CONVERSION OF EQUITY

4.1 Tranche 1 and Tranche 2 allows for conversion to equity, in whole or in
part proportionate to what has been funded before 31st March 2018, at the
discretion of the Lender anytime until 31st March 2018, which will represent
up to 40% of “ABC Company” to be incorporated in Singapore on terms mutually
agreeable to both parties to hold 100% of RCL Philippines company shares.

5\. REPAYMENT

…

5.2 Option is with Lender to exercise/not convert to equity and must be
conveyed in writing on or before 31 March 2018, after which the option to
convert to equity expires.

5.3 All payments by the Borrower under this Agreement shall be made in same
day funds in Local Currency to the Lender Account on the due date.

…

7\. COVENANTS

The Borrower covenants under this Agreement that the Borrower:

(a) will set up a special account referred to as the Lender’s account for the
purpose of this convertible loan guaranteed by Palm Tree Investment Group and
RCL. In addition, this account will serve as collateral to the loan.

…

(c) will supply the Lender forthwith on demand with such financial
documentation as may be requested by the Lender from time to time;

(d) The Lender will receive 20% of annualised interest from placement of
customer loans via the usage of funds from Lender’s account

(i) Any net interest earned (after the deduction of all reasonable
administrative and operational costs of the Borrower as well as interest paid
to the Lender) from placement of customer loans via the usage of funds from
the Lender’s account is beneficial as follows:

I. In the event of conversion to equity, Lender will get 15% annualized
interest and the net interest after payment to the lender will be split 60% to
Borrower and 40% to Lender.

II. In the event of non-conversion to equity, 100% to Lender (for the period
up until the date of notification of intention not to convert, or latest up
until Termination Date), such that Lender receives 20% annualized interest.

The events from mid-December 2017 – early June 2018

10 On 18 December 2017, the plaintiff transferred the first tranche (“Tranche
1”) of the Loan to the defendant’s UOB Account. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB1 at p 103

11 In an e-mail dated 8 January 2018, Mr Kodrowski provided the plaintiff with
several updates about RCL. In the e-mail, Mr Kodrowski informed the plaintiff
that the defendant had an opportunity to acquire a HR/payroll software company
known as AOMOS. Mr Kodrowski represented to the plaintiff that acquiring AOMOS
would “open up big opportunities for RCL to offer point-of-purchase financing
as well as additional payday loan facilities and other revenue generating
transactions”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB1 at p 132

12 During a subsequent conference call between Mr Mangalji, Ms Li and Mr
Kodrowski, Mr Kodrowski sought permission for the defendant to use a portion
of Tranche 2 of the Loan to cover the cost of acquiring AOMOS. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PBAEIC at p 10, para 28

Mr Mangalji gave in-principle approval for the defendant to do so. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PBAEIC at p 10, para 29

13 On 29 January 2018, pursuant to the plaintiff’s request, Mr Kodrowski sent
Ms Li a breakdown of the defendant’s utilisation of Tranche 1 of the Loan. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB1 at p 149

Thereafter, the parties exchanged e-mails concerning the incorporation and the
constitution of the “ABC Company” referred to at Clause 4.1 of the Loan
Agreement. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB1 at pp 179, 182

On 2 February 2018, the parties incorporated the ABC Company, which was
initially named Tech Stack Pte Ltd. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DBAEIC at pp 64-66

14 On or around 7 February 2018, the second tranche (“Tranche 2”) of the Loan
was transferred by the plaintiff to the defendant’s UOB account. From mid-
February to early March, the parties continued to communicate on various
matters, including:

(a) the change of the ABC Company’s name from Tech Stack Pte Ltd to Right
Choice Capital Pte Ltd (“RCC”); 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB1 at p 190

(b) the proposed terms of RCC’s shareholder agreement; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB1 at pp 189-215

and

(c) the provision of RCL’s financial documents for the plaintiff’s due
diligence. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PBAEIC at p 120, para 47

15 On 21 March 2018, following requests by the plaintiff, Mr Kodrowski sent
another breakdown of the defendant’s utilisation of the Loan to the plaintiff.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB1 at p 314

On the same day, Mr Kodrowski wrote Ms Li an e-mail explaining that “[s]ince
Fereed is intending to convert to equity we have not spent time apportioning
costs against the initial investment”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB1 at p 312

Mr Mangalji responded to Mr Kodrowski’s email stating that the plaintiff
“[was] willing to consider the conversion and even investing incremental funds
subject to finalization of the governing documents and governance structure”.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB1 at p 312

The defendant alleges that it had become clear by this point that the parties
were working towards converting the Loan into equity. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DBAEIC at p 16, para 39

This is disputed by the plaintiff. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PBAEIC at p 14, para 43

16 From late March to early May 2018, the parties continued to negotiate the
terms of the shareholder’s agreement but were unable to arrive at a finalised
draft. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DBAEIC at p 18, para 48

17 Subsequently, during a meeting in or around 8 June 2018, Mr Mangalji, Ms Li
and Mr Kodrowski met in Singapore to discuss several new investment
opportunities. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PBAEIC at p 17, para 56; DBAEIC at p 18, para 49

During the meeting, Mr Mangalji made it clear to Mr Kodrowski that the
plaintiff was not interested in helping the defendant to secure funding for
these opportunities. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PBAEIC at p 17, para 56; DBAEIC at p 18, para 49

The parties also discussed the unresolved issues with RCL’s financial
documents. Mr Kodrowski indicated that these issues were being resolved with
the defendant’s auditors and that updated financials would be available in
July 2018. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PBAEIC at p 17, para 57; DBAEIC at p 18, para 49

The events from mid-June 2018 onwards

18 On 13 June 2018, the defendant sent Ms Li and Mr Mangalji a draft
shareholder’s agreement. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB1 at p 490

This draft was still unacceptable to the plaintiff. Furthermore, the plaintiff
was dissatisfied that the defendant had yet to provide it with further
information about RCL’s financials. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PBAEIC at p 18, para 60

Thus, sometime in or around late June 2018, Ms Li called Mr Kodrowski
informing him that the plaintiff was seeking repayment of the Loan with
interest. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PBAEIC at p 129, para 78; DBAEIC at p 18, para 50

19 On 27 July 2018, Mr Ritenis e-mailed the plaintiff on behalf of the
defendant to make a repayment proposal for the Loan. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AB1 at p 549

Based on the proposal, the defendant was to repay Tranche 1 of the Loan with
an interest rate of 20% per annum over three years, with interest payments
commencing in March 2019 and staggered principal repayments commencing in
December 2020. Tranche 2 of the Loan was to be repaid with an interest rate of
8% per annum over five years, with interest payments commencing in May 2019
and staggered principal repayments commencing in February 2023. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB1 at pp 550-551

20 The plaintiff did not accept the defendant’s repayment proposal. On 30 July
2018, the plaintiff’s solicitors sent a formal letter of demand to the
defendant seeking repayment of the Loan with interest in accordance with the
terms of the Loan Agreement. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB1 at pp 558-559

The plaintiff then commenced the present Suit to enforce its purported right
to repayment of the Loan.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

21 The plaintiff’s claim is a straightforward action under a written contract
for repayment of the Loan with interest. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 35

The plaintiff alleges that, on its proper construction, the terms of the Loan
required it to be repaid (a) by June 2018; and (b) with an interest rate of
20% per annum. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PCS at para 37

It further asserts that it should be awarded pre-judgment interest from 16
June 2018 up till the date of judgment at a rate of 20% per annum. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PCS at para 73

22 Separately, the plaintiff contends that the key documents relied on by the
defendant are inadmissible, because their authenticity was not proved and/or
their contents were hearsay. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS at para 86

The defendant’s case

23 The defendant denies that the Loan was due to be repaid on 15 June 2018. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at paras 4-6

It further contends that the plaintiff is not entitled to 20% annualised
interest on the entire loan sum. According to the defendant, the 20% interest
was only payable on the portion of the Loan which was used for customer loans.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DCS at paras 35-39

Moreover, it is the plaintiff which bears the burden of proving the exact sum
which was used for the placement of customer loans. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DRS at paras 11-13

24 The defendant also relies on two defences which, it claims, completely
absolve it of liability to pay the Loan. First, it claims that the plaintiff
is estopped from making any claim on the Loan. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence (2) at para 19, DCS at para 14

Further or in the alternative, it argues that the time for repayment of the
Loan was “set at large” due to the prevention principle endorsed in Chua Tian
Chu and another v Chin Bay Ching and another [2011] SGHC 126 (“Chua Tian
Chu”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence (2) at para 7(i), DCS at paras 92-94

Issues to be determined

25 Based on the foregoing, the key issues to be determined are as follows:

(a) Whether the key documents on which the defendant relies are admissible;

(b) Whether, pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the plaintiff was entitled to
repayment of the Loan by 15 June 2018, with 20% annualised interest on the
entire sum of the Loan;

(c) Whether the plaintiff was estopped from making any claim on the Loan; and

(d) Whether the time for repayment of the Loan was “set at large” by virtue of
the prevention principle.

26 If the plaintiff succeeds in its claim, whether it is entitled to pre-
judgment interest at a rate of 20% per annum.

Admissibility of key documents relied on by the defendant

27 I first deal with the preliminary issue concerning the admissibility of the
documents relied on by the defendant. The plaintiff’s primary contention is
that three of the documents which the defendant has sought to admit into
evidence are inadmissible because their authenticity has not been proven,
and/or their contents constitute hearsay. The documents in question and their
alleged purpose(s) are as follows:

(a) The Tab 23 Document: This document is disclosed at Tab 5 of the
defendant’s Bundle of Documents and exhibited to Mr Kodrowski’s Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DBAEIC at p 163

It purportedly evidences the defendant’s uses of the Loan.

(b) Summary of Loans Document: This document, which is disclosed at Tab 1 of
the defendant’s Bundle of Documents, allegedly constitutes evidence that RCL’s
customer loans had not been repaid. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 30/4-18; NE, 21 November 2019, 91/9-26

(c) RCL Sales Income Graph: This document is exhibited to Mr Kodrowski’s AEIC
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DBAEIC at p 165

and is described by Mr Kodrowski as “a graph that illustrates the reduction in
sales income”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DBAEIC at p 20, para 61

It purportedly shows that the defendant pulled back on its consumer lending in
reliance on the plaintiff’s representations that the Loan would be converted
into equity. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DBAEIC at p 20, para 61

28 It is important to clarify, at the outset, that there is a conceptual
distinction between (a) the authenticity of a document and (b) the
admissibility of a document as proof of the facts stated therein. The
authentication of a document has to be resolved before determining its
admissibility under the exception to the hearsay rule (see Jet Holding Ltd and
others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other appeals
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 (“Jet Holding”) at [75] to [76]). I will thus address the
plaintiff’s objections in this sequence.

Failure to prove authenticity of the documents

29 The authentication of documents is ordinarily determined by ss 63 to 67 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”). These provisions
stipulate that documents may be proved by primary evidence (ie producing the
original document for the court’s inspection), or by secondary evidence (eg
providing the court with certified copies of the original document). Documents
can only be proved by secondary evidence in the circumstances specified under
s 67 of the Act, which states as follows:

67.—(1) Secondary evidence may be given of the existence, condition or
contents of a document admissible in evidence in the following cases:

(a) when the original is shown or appears to be in the possession or power of
—

(i) the person against whom the document is sought to be proved;

(ii) any person out of reach of or not subject to the process of the court; or

(iii) any person legally bound to produce it,

and when, after the notice mentioned in section 68, such person does not
produce it;

(b) when the existence, condition or contents of the original have been proved
to be admitted in writing by the person against whom it is proved or by his
representative in interest;

(c) when the original has been destroyed or lost, or when the party offering
evidence of its contents cannot for any other reason not arising from his own
default or neglect produce it in reasonable time;

(d) when the original is of such a nature as not to be easily movable;

(e) when the original is a public document within the meaning of section 76;

(f) when the original is a document of which a certified copy is permitted by
this Act or by any other law in force for the time being in Singapore to be
given in evidence;

(g) when the originals consist of numerous accounts or other documents which
cannot conveniently be examined in court, and the fact to be proved is the
general result of the whole collection.

(2) In cases (a), (c) and (d), any secondary evidence of the contents of the
document is admissible.

(3) In case (b), the written admission is admissible.

(4) In case (e) or (f), a certified copy of the document but no other kind of
secondary evidence is admissible.

(5) In case (g), evidence may be given as to the general result of the
documents by any person who has examined them and who is skilled in the
examination of such documents.

30 When the document in question consists of information that has been
compiled from various sources, the collated document must be proved through
primary or secondary evidence of the underlying source information. This was
the common-sense approach adopted in the case of Mycitydeal Ltd (trading as
Groupon UK) and others v Villas International Property Pte Ltd and others
[2014] 4 SLR 1077. In that case, the first defendant contended that the
plaintiff had failed to make payments on allegedly redeemed vouchers. It
sought to prove its claims by relying on, inter alia, a table exhibited in the
fourth defendant’s AEIC (“the AEIC Table”) which purportedly summarised the
total amounts owing in respect of the vouchers. Steven Chong J (as he then
was) held that the AEIC Table had not been properly admitted into evidence in
accordance with the statutorily prescribed modes of proof. He stated (at [59])
that:

[T]he total sums payable in respect of redeemed vouchers as recorded in the
AEIC Table were … not proven by production of the underlying primary evidence.
Although some primary evidence was adduced in the form of “sample” redeemed
vouchers, it is clear that these vouchers simply do not add up to the sums
tabulated in the AEIC Table. Compiling the claim figures in a spreadsheet, D1,
without adequately explaining the source of the underlying information, does
not improve the first defendant’s position. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

31 However, the Court of Appeal in Jet Holding introduced a significant
qualification to the evidential framework outlined above. It opined (at [51])
that:

[W]hilst, as an important point of departure, a party seeking to introduce
documents into evidence ought to comply with the provisions in the Evidence
Act, if these documents are in fact marked and admitted into evidence without
that party in fact satisfying the requirements in the Evidence Act and where
there has been no objection taken by the other party at that particular point
in time, then that other party cannot object to the admission of the said
documents later. [emphasis in original]

32 The Court of Appeal went on to explain the rationale behind this
proposition in the following terms (at [53]):

Although the concepts of primary and secondary evidence as embodied within the
provisions of the Evidence Act are of fundamental importance, the principle of
waiver might apply if no objection is raised at the point in time when the
evidence concerned is adduced … On the other hand, a failure to object could
simply be construed as an admission that the requirements under the Evidence
Act were complied with … [emphasis added]

33 In the present case, the defendant failed to prove the authenticity of the
three documents listed at [27] above by complying with the relevant provisions
of the Evidence Act.

34 First, the defendant did not produce primary evidence of the source
documents underlying the Summary of Loans Document and the RCL Income Graph.
At trial, Mr Kodrowski described the Summary of Loans document as a “summary”
of information but was unable to pinpoint the source documents which had been
used to prepare this summary. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 90/16-18

Likewise, Mr Kodrowski’s AEIC stated that the RCL Sales Income Graph was
“derived from [the defendant’s] monthly financial records”, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 14/12-13

but these records were never disclosed.

35 Although the defendant did manage to identify the source documents
underlying the Tab 23 Document, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DRS at pp 9-11

a significant proportion of the data recorded in the Tab 23 Document is not
satisfactorily accounted for. For instance, the information pertaining to the
defendant’s Philippines transactions was largely derived from the bank books
of RCL’s Philippines accounts. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AB1 at pp 531 to 536; AB2 at pp 599-672, 725-248

However, these bank books only state the amounts that were credited to or
debited from the defendant’s account without alluding to the purpose of each
transfer.

36 In addition, the defendant also did not explain how or why it was entitled,
pursuant to s 67 of the Evidence Act, to prove any of the three documents
through secondary evidence. These were serious evidential deficiencies which
the defendant could not overcome simply by annexing the disputed documents to
Mr Kodrowski’s AEIC (see Jet Holding ([28] supra at [36])).

37 I further note that the plaintiff has expressly objected to the
authenticity of the documents in question by filing a notice of non-admission
to their authenticity under Order 27 Rule 4(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Notice of Non-Admission to Authenticity of Documents dated 8 August 2019;
Notice of Non-Admission to Authenticity of Documents dated 16 August 2019

Accordingly, the exception in Jet Holding does not apply (see [31] above), and
I agree with the plaintiff that the three documents are inadmissible because
the defendant has not satisfactorily proven their authenticity.

Inadmissibility of the documents as hearsay

38 The plaintiff further contends that even if the authenticity of the
documents is proven, the documents are still inadmissible by virtue of the
hearsay rule, which “requires the actual maker of the document in question to
personally attend trial and testify about the truth of the contents of the
document” (emphasis in original).

39 During cross-examination, Mr Kodrowski admitted that he was not the maker
of the Tab 23 Document, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 41/6-13; 44/23-26

the Summary of Loans Document, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 92/14-19

or the RCL Sales Income Graph. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 14/12-13

These documents had been prepared by the defendant’s Chief Financial Officer
and/or accountants, none of whom was called as a witness at trial.

40 I note that under s 34 of the Evidence Act, entries of books of accounts
which are regularly kept in the course of business are relevant (and therefore
admissible despite the operation of the hearsay rule) where they relate to the
issues in a particular case. Similarly, s 32(b)(i) of the Evidence Act
provides an exception to the hearsay rule for entries or memorandums in books
which are kept in the ordinary course of trade. However, the defendant has not
sought to rely on these provisions. Furthermore and in any event, I find that
these provisions would not assist the defendant since the Tab 23 document was
specifically produced for the purposes of this suit. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 29/6-8

It was not a contemporaneous record which had been “regularly kept” or “kept
in the ordinary course of trade”.

41 In addition, although the bank books of RCL’s Philippines accounts
contained handwritten annotations indicating the possible transferors or
transferees of the stipulated sums, Mr Kodrowski admitted that he had not made
these annotations and that the person who had made them would not be
testifying at trial. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 75/14-76/7

This presents an additional problem of multiple hearsay or “hearsay upon
hearsay” where the contents of the Tab 23 Document are concerned.

42 The defendant has not attempted to bring themselves within any of the
possible exceptions to the rule against hearsay under s 32 of the Evidence
Act. Accordingly, I find that even if the defendant had satisfactorily proven
the authenticity of the Tab 23 Document, the Summary of Loans Document and the
RCL Income Graph, the contents of all three documents would nevertheless
constitute inadmissible hearsay.

Plaintiff’s entitlement to repayment under the terms of the Loan Agreement

43 I now turn to the issue of whether, and to what extent, the terms of the
Loan Agreement entitle the plaintiff to repayment of the Loan with interest.
This inquiry encompasses two subsidiary issues: (a) whether the Loan was due
to be repaid on 15 June 2019; and (b) whether the plaintiff was entitled to
20% annualised interest on the entire loan sum of S$2,000,000.

Whether the Loan was due to be repaid on 15 June 2018

44 In general, the time for repayment of a loan is a question of construction
of the relevant contractual terms: see Chitty on Contracts vol 1 (Sweet &
Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2018) at para 21-055. In the present case, Clause 5.3 of the
Loan Agreement explicitly provides that “[a]ll sums by the Borrower under this
Agreement shall be made… on the due date” (emphasis added). The term “due
date” is not defined. However, Clause 1.1 of the Loan Agreement defines
“Termination Date” as “6 months from the date of this agreement”, ie 15 June
2018.

45 The plaintiff contends that the “Termination Date”, as defined under Clause
1.1 of the Loan Agreement, constituted the deadline for the defendant to repay
the Loan. According to the plaintiff, this is “the most reasonable
interpretation” of the Loan Agreement’s provisions, as it is only logical that
a debtor must repay the loan when the underlying loan facility is terminated.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PCS at para 40

The plaintiff argues that this interpretation is also supported by:

(a) Clause 7(d)(j)(II) of the Loan Agreement, which states that interest was
payable on the Loan “latest up until the Termination Date”; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB 1 at p 95

and

(b) Mr Kodrowski’s supposed admission, during cross-examination, that the
Termination Date was “the date the loan stops and gets repaid”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 37/12-16

46 The defendant does not dispute that 15 June 2018 was the date on which the
parties originally intended for the Loan to be repaid. Its position, however,
is that this date is no longer applicable due to the “open-ended deferment of
the contractual deadlines”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DRS at para 3

In this regard, the defendant asserts that the events and/or the
communications between the parties from 22 to 31 March 2018 demonstrated that
the parties had mutually agreed to postpone the deadline for the plaintiff to
exercise the option to convert. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at para 89

As such, “the contractual Termination Date [also] [could not] stand”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 91

47 I am unable to agree with the defendant’s submissions. Crucially, Clause
11.2 of the Loan Agreement explicitly provides that amendments to the Loan
Agreement are not binding unless recorded in writing and signed by both
parties. The defendant was unable to adduce any documentary evidence to
demonstrate that the Termination Date had been amended in this manner.

48 The defendant also contends that Mr Kodrowski’s alleged admission was taken
out of context, and that he was merely agreeing “as a matter of general
principle” that there is “no purpose having a termination date except as the
date the loan stops and get repaid”. The relevant portion of the transcript
reads as follows:

Q: So 15 June 2018 was the date that this loan would end. Agree?

A: As it was originally set out in this agreement, yes.

Q: Yes, and of course, because there is no purpose having a termination date
except as the date the loan stops and gets repaid. Agree?

A: Yes.

[emphasis added]

49 I agree with the defendant that Mr Kodrowski’s remarks in the passage above
are somewhat equivocal; they do not foreclose the possibility that the
termination date was subsequently altered by the plaintiff’s conduct.
Nevertheless, I am satisfied that this issue must be resolved in the
plaintiff’s favour even if Mr Kodrowski’s admission is not taken into
consideration. The literal meaning of the contract is clear – Clause 5.3, read
with Clause 1.1 and Clause 7(d)(j)(II) of the Loan Agreement, collectively
indicate that the intended deadline for repayment was the Termination Date of
15 June 2018. As the defendant has not satisfactorily proven that the
Termination Date was varied or postponed, the original deadline must stand.

Whether the plaintiff was entitled to 20% annualised interest on the entire
sum of the Loan

Interpretation of the Loan Agreement

50 I next consider the question of whether the plaintiff was entitled to 20%
annualised interest on the entire sum of the Loan (ie, S$2,000,000). In this
regard, the critical provision to note is Clause 7(d) of the Loan Agreement,
which states as follows:

(d) The Lender will receive 20% of annualised interest from placement of
customer loans via the usage of funds from Lender’s account

(i) Any net interest earned (after the deduction of all reasonable
administrative and operational costs of the Borrower as well as interest paid
to the Lender) from placement of customer loans via the usage of funds from
the Lender’s account is beneficial as follows:

I. In the event of conversion to equity, Lender will get 15% annualized
interest and the net interest after payment to the lender will be split 60% to
Borrower and 40% to Lender.

II. In the event of non-conversion to equity, 100% to Lender (for the period
up until the date of notification of intention not to convert, or latest up
until Termination Date), such that Lender receives 20% annualized interest.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

51 The plaintiff’s position is that 20% annualised interest accrued on the two
tranches of the Loan, from the dates on which they were respectively disbursed
(ie, 18 December 2017 for Tranche 1 and 7 February 2018 for Tranche 2), up
until 15 June 2018, being the date on which repayment of the Loan became due.
This adds up to a sum of S$168,219.18.

52 The defendant counters that it is clear, from the literal wording of Clause
7(d), that 20% annualised interest was only payable on “the portion of
invested funds used for the placement of customer loans via RCL”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defence at para 14

Otherwise, there would have been no need to refer to the issue of placement.
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS at para 36

It further avers that this narrow interpretation of the Loan Agreement was
intended by Ms Li, who was the drafter of the Loan Agreement. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at para 37

53 My primary task, therefore, is to construe the Loan Agreement in a manner
which gives effect to the objectively-ascertained intentions of the parties,
“in the face of conflicting subjective interpretations advanced by ingenious
counsel” (Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”) at [1]).

54 The starting point of this analysis is the text of the contract, which
“ought always to be the first port of call” (Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup
Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway
Point) Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 1187 (Y.E.S. F&B Group) at [32]). However, this
task is complicated in the instant case by the fact that the wording of the
Loan Agreement does not seem to admit of one clear meaning. On the one hand,
Clause 7(d) states that the Lender “will receive 20% of annualised interest
from the placement of customer loans”. On the other hand, there is nothing in
Clause 7(d)(i)(II) which purports to limit the plaintiff’s entitlement to 20%
annualised interest to the portion of the Loan which was used specifically for
the placement of customer loans. Clause 7(d)(i)(II) simply provides that “[i]n
the event of non-conversion to equity… Lender receives 20% annualized
interest”.

55 I thus consider that the collective import of Clauses 7(d) and 7(d)(i)(II)
is not plain and unambiguous as the defendant asserts. As the Court of Appeal
noted in Y.E.S. F&B Group (at [62]), “text and context interact with one
another in the holistic exercise of contractual interpretation, and,
particularly in situations… where the text is ambiguous, it is the context
that comes to the fore” (emphasis added). It is also of note that the Loan
Agreement was drafted by Ms Li (a non-legal professional) in negotiation with
Mr Ritenis, without the benefit of legal advice or review. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE, 19 November 2019, 68/31-69

In such cases, the court generally “eschew[s] a strict construction of the
relevant language of the contract and adopt[s] instead a more common-sense
approach that considers the reasonable and probable expectations that the
parties would have had” (Y.E.S. F&B Group at [63]). It is this “common-sense
approach” which underpins my analysis of the relevant context in the present
case.

56 At this juncture, I should also state that it is well-established that
extrinsic evidence is admissible under s 94(f) of the Evidence Act to aid in
the interpretation of contractual language (but not to contradict or vary it),
provided that such evidence is relevant, reasonably available to all the
contracting parties and relates to a clear and obvious context (see Zurich
Insurance at [132]). However, while s 94(f) of the Evidence Act permits the
admissibility of extrinsic evidence of the circumstances surrounding a
contract, extrinsic evidence of the drafter’s subjective intentions is
generally inadmissible unless it can in some way be brought within the limited
exceptions to the parol evidence rule under ss 97 to 99 of the Evidence Act
(see Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal
[2013] 4 SLR 193 at [65(d)]).

57 For present purposes, it is critical to note that at the point of drafting,
both the plaintiff and the defendant had intended for the Loan to be used
solely for the purposes of micro-lending. This is expressly set out in Recital
(A) of the Loan Agreement, which states: “Borrower has requested the loan from
the Lender in order to perform its obligations for micro financing lending in
Philippines”. In addition, both Ms Li 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE, 19 November 2019, 73/5-8

and Mr Ritenis 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 115/20-24

confirmed during cross-examination that, as at the time when the Loan
Agreement was prepared, the parties had only intended to use the Loan for
micro-lending and nothing else.

58 Thus, I consider that the phrase “from the placement of customer loans” in
Clause 7(d), when read together with Clause 7(d)(i)(II) and understood in
light of the relevant context, was essentially intended to be descriptive in
nature. It was supposed to convey the plaintiff’s expectations that it would
receive 20% annualised interest on the entire Loan sum, which was (factually
speaking) intended to be used only for the placement of customer loans. This,
in my view, is the most logical and reasonable interpretation of Clause 7(d).

59 It was only subsequently, in or around January 2018, that the plaintiff
agreed that the Loan could be used for the purpose of acquiring AOMOS in
addition to being deployed for micro-lending. However, there is no evidence to
suggest that the defendant’s obligation to pay interest on the entire Loan sum
was waived or varied simply because of the change of use of the Loan. As such,
the only reasonable inference is that Clauses 7(d) and 7(d)(i)(II) continued
to govern the plaintiff’s entitlement to interest, such that the plaintiff
remained entitled to 20% annualised interest on the entire Loan sum. After
all, this was what the parties had originally intended, and the agreement
between them had never changed. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PCS at para 67

60 I also reject the defendant’s suggestion 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS at para 37

that Ms Li had agreed to its preferred interpretation. In my view, the
defendant has misconstrued Ms Li’s evidence. The part of Ms Li’s cross-
examination which the defendant seeks to rely on is as follows:

Q: But would you not agree with me, Ms Li, that the reference in 7(d) to 20%
interest of placement of customer loans via usage of funds envisages a
situation that you may not lend out all of the loans, and so that’s why you
only charged 20% on what you had disbursed?

A: I didn’t think about that at that time.

Q: Okay. But now that it’s been brought to your attention---like I’ve said,
we’re not---

A: Okay, yes.

Q: ---trying to fix what happened in the past, do you agree with me at least
on the face of it, if you could go back and redraft this, would you redraft it
to make it a bit clearer? Or you’re happy with---

A: Yah, I would. Yah, if I have lawyers, I would.

[emphasis added]

The excerpt above begins with the defendant’s counsel asserting that the
parties had envisaged that the Loan would be used for purposes other than
micro-lending. To this, Ms Li’s response was “I didn’t think about that at
that time”. The words which followed (“Okay, yes”) were not an addition to her
previous response, but an acknowledgement that she was listening to counsel’s
next question. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PRS at para 24

In arriving at this interpretation, I am supported by the fact that Ms Li had
clearly stated, during an earlier segment of her cross-examination, that she
had intended for the 20% annualised interest to accrue on the “full 2
million”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE, 19 November 2019, 73/5-8

61 In any event, I am of the view that the evidence of Ms Li’s subjective
interpretation of the Loan Agreement is inadmissible since (a) it does not
fall within s 94(f) of the Evidence Act (see [56] above); and (b) neither
party has attempted to bring it within the specific exceptions under ss 97 to
99 of the Evidence Act.

62 Finally, I would add that it is inherently improbable that the parties
could have intended for the defendant to use the Loan monies interest-free as
long as it did not deploy them for microfinance purposes. As the plaintiff has
pointed out, both parties were commercial entities dealing in an arm’s-length
transaction. Neither party would have expected a commercial loan like this one
to be issued interest-free, regardless of the purpose(s) for which the loan
monies were used.

Defendant’s failure to prove that Loan was utilised for purposes other than
for micro-finance

63 For completeness, I should also deal with the plaintiff’s alternative
argument, ie that it is entitled to 20% annualised interest on the entire sum
of the Loan even if the defendant’s narrow interpretation of Clause 7(d) is
correct. In this regard, the plaintiff’s position is that the defendant can
only establish a positive defence to the plaintiff’s claim for interest if it
can:

(a) prove what Loan amounts were used for purposes other than for micro-loans,
and therefore should not attract interest; and

(b) satisfy the court that the uses referred to in (a) above were
contractually-authorised uses of the Loan. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS at para 68

64 According to the plaintiff, the use of the Loan is a fact which lies
especially within the defendant’s knowledge. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS at para 69

Accordingly, the defendant bears the burden of proving (a) under s 108 of the
Evidence Act, which states:

108. When any fact is especially within the knowledge of any person, the burden of proving that fact is upon him.

65 The defendant counters that under s 103 of the Evidence Act, the party who
asserts the facts on which his cause of action is based must prove the
existence of those facts. As such, it is the plaintiff which bears the burden
of proving which portion of the Loan was used for micro-loans.

66 In my judgment, the defendant has misunderstood the relationship between ss
103 and 108 of the Evidence Act. It is true that the general rule, as set out
under s 103 of the Evidence Act, is that the plaintiff must prove all the
facts necessary to establish his case. This is not disputed by the plaintiff.
However, s 108 qualifies the rule under s 103 of the Evidence Act (see Jeffrey
Pinsler, SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2017)
(“Evidence and the Litigation Process”) at 12.031). Accordingly, the crucial
question to be answered in the instant case is whether s 108 of the Evidence
Act applies in the present case to re-allocate the burden of proving the
defendant’s uses of the Loan from the plaintiff to the defendant.

67 The Court of Appeal has emphasised that s 108 of the Evidence Act should
only be invoked in “very limited circumstances”, since “[w]idely construed and
lifted out of its context, it will reverse the burden of proof of the
essential ingredients of the [claimant’s] case by which section 103 [of the
Evidence Act] is cast on the [claimant]” (see Phosagro Asia Pte Ltd v
Piattchanine, Iouri [2016] 5 SLR 1052 at [68]). The scope of s 108 of the
Evidence Act was discussed in the context of a civil matter in Surender Singh
s/o Jagdish Singh and another (administrators of the estate of Narindar Kaur
d/o Sarwan Singh, deceased) v Li Man Kay and others [2010] 1 SLR 428
(“Surender Singh”). In that case, Lai Siu Chiu J (as she then was) distilled
the key principles relating to the provision, which were summarised by the
Court of Appeal in Yap Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 as follows:

(a) First, s 108 of the Evidence Act applies only to circumstances where the
defendant alone has knowledge of a particular fact. If any other person has
knowledge of the same fact, s 108 will not apply (see Surender Singh at
[217]).

(b) Secondly, s 108 of the Evidence Act operates in a “commonsense way” and
the “balance of convenience and the disproportion of the labour, that would be
involved in finding out and proving certain facts” must be taken into account
in deciding whether the incidence of the burden of proof has shifted (see
Surender Singh at [219]).

(c) Thirdly, the plaintiff can only invoke s 108 of the Evidence Act if it
establishes a prima facie case that the fact which it asserts is true. In
other words, a mere allegation will not suffice; the plaintiff must “establish
facts which give rise to a suspicion” (see Surender Singh at [221]).

68 I find that the first requirement is satisfied in the present case, since
the defendant is the only party which could have been fully aware of all the
details surrounding its use of the Loan.

69 Turning to the second requirement, the defendant alleges its usage of the
Loan is not a matter which lies especially within its knowledge since “all
documents relating to this issue have been disclosed”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DRS at para 13

I am not persuaded by this argument. As the plaintiff points out, the
defendant’s primary evidence of how the Loan was utilised consists of the Tab
23 Document, which (for reasons outlined at [27] to [42] above) is
inadmissible. Many of the source documents which allegedly form the basis of
the Tab 23 Document are also inadmissible under the hearsay rule (see [41]
above). In my assessment, the circumstances are such that it would be
“disproportionately difficult” for the plaintiff to prove the defendant’s use
of the Loan.

70 However, I am not satisfied that the plaintiff has established a prima
facie case that the defendant did not use any of the Loan monies for purposes
other than for micro-loans. This is especially so since the plaintiff concedes
that it had authorised the defendant to use PHP 4,500,000 of the Loan for the
acquisition of AOMOS. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at para 70, PBAEIC at pp 10-11, paras 27-32

To make out a prima facie case, the plaintiff would have to adduce at least
some evidence to show that no part of the Loan was used to acquire AOMOS,
despite the parties’ earlier agreement to the contrary. Merely alleging that
the defendant “has not adduced any evidence of the amount actually paid for
this … purpose” 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at para 70

is not enough.

71 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff is not entitled to rely on s 108 of
the Evidence Act. Nevertheless, the plaintiff is entitled to 20% annualised
interest on the entire sum of the Loan, by virtue of my earlier findings at
[50] to [61] above.

Whether the plaintiff was estopped from making any claim on the Loan

72 I now turn to address the defendant’s argument that that the plaintiff was
“estopped from making any claim on the Loan”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defence (2) at para 19

73 The parties are agreed that in order to successfully make out an estoppel
defence, the defendant must prove that the following elements are satisfied
(see for example Nanyang Medical Investments Pte Ltd v Kuek Bak Kim Leslie and
others [2018] SGHC 263 at [140]; Oriental Investments (SH) Pte Ltd v Catalla
Investments Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 1182 at [83]):

(a) First, there must be a clear and unequivocal representation by the
promisor, whether by words or conduct, that it will not enforce its strict
legal rights;

(b) Second, the promisee must act in reliance on the promise and suffer
detriment as a result; and

(c) Third, it must be “inequitable” for the promisor to resile from his
promise.

74 I now examine each of these three requirements in turn.

Clear and unequivocal representation by the plaintiff

Whether the defendant is permitted to rely on its amended defence

75 Before dealing with the defendant’s submissions on this issue, I first
address the plaintiff’s preliminary objection that the defendant has
“blatantly revamp[ed]” its defence from a defence of estoppel by words to a
defence of estoppel by conduct, and therefore should not be permitted to rely
on its amended (and previously unpleaded) defence of estoppel by conduct.

76 The plaintiff avers that the defendant had “pleaded and particularised the
crux of its estoppel defence as a specific oral representation allegedly
spoken by Mr Mangalji over phone and video calls, where he said to treat
monies as permanent capital”. It argues that this is evident from:

(a) paragraph 19 of the defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) dated 3 July
2019 (“Defence (2)”), which states the defendant’s case that “the Plaintiff is
estopped… by reason of express representations or promises” (emphasis added);
and

(b) paragraph 19(a) of Defence (2), which states that the “best particulars”
which the defendant could provide of the plaintiff’s alleged representations
were that “the Plaintiff’s Fereed Mangalji had stated that the invested sums
be treated as permanent capital for the ABC company”.

77 The plaintiff also emphasises that the defendant’s pleaded case was “the
result of a painstaking interlocutory exercise to pin down [the defendant’s]
defence, narrow down issues and avoid ambushes at trial”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PCS at para 7

This notwithstanding, the defendant “rewr[o]te its case at the last minute” 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PRS at para 5

by focusing, in its Closing Submissions, on the plaintiff’s alleged
representations by conduct that it would was “eventually going to convert to
equity”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at para 10

78 As explained in V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy
Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR
1422 (“V Nithia”) at [38], the general rule is that parties are bound by their
pleadings and the court is precluded from deciding on a matter which the
parties have decided not to put in issue. However, the law permits a departure
from this rule in limited circumstances, where no prejudice is caused to the
other party in the trial or where it would be clearly unjust for the court not
to do so (see V Nithia at [38]; OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd [2012] 4
SLR 231 at [18]).

79 In my judgment, the defendant should not be permitted to rely on its
unpleaded defence of estoppel by conduct. From the pre-trial stage right up to
the opening of the trial, the defendant had clearly and consistently taken the
position that its estoppel defence was premised on Mr Mangalji’s alleged oral
representation(s) that the Loan monies would be treated as “permanent
capital”. This was apparent from the following communications and/or events:

(a) The plaintiff had expressly requested, by way of a letter dated 19
February 2019, for further and better particulars of the alleged
representations which formed the basis of the defendant’s estoppel defence. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

SDB at p 18

The defendant’s answer was that “the Plaintiff’s Fereed Mangalji communicated
the Alleged Representations orally through phone calls and video calls with
the Defendant’s James Kodrowski”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Setting Down Bundle (“SDB”) at p 18

(b) The plaintiff was of the view that the defendant’s response did not
sufficiently answer its request. Accordingly, it took out HC/SUM 2812/2019
seeking further particulars of Mr Mangalji’s alleged oral representations. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions, HC/SUM 2812/2019 at para 20

(c) The defendant took the position that its pleading at paragraph 19(a) of
its Defence (Amendment No. 1) dated 2 January 2019 (“Defence (1)”) already
provided the “best answers and recollection” that the defendant had in respect
of what was sought (emphasis added). It amended paragraph 19(a) of Defence (1)
to reflect this position. It also deleted its other references to the
plaintiff’s “communications” of its intention to convert to equity at
paragraphs 12, 13, 20, 21, 24, 25, and 26 of Defence (1).

(d) About a month before the start of trial, the defendant’s counsel inserted
a list of unpleaded issues – some of which ostensibly related to a defence of
estoppel by conduct – into the non-agreed list of legal issues in the Lead
Counsel Statement. The plaintiff explicitly raised its objections to these
issues in its Opening Statement 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 49-51

and in an e-mail dated 20 September 2019. The defendant did not amend its
pleadings.

80 In light of these events, the plaintiff did not expect – and had no
legitimate reason to expect – that the defendant would be relying on a defence
of estoppel by conduct. As such, the plaintiff’s witnesses, Mr Mangalji and Ms
Li, did not address the defendant’s contentions on this point in their AEICs.
The plaintiff’s Closing Submissions were also written on the basis that the
defendant’s estoppel defence was premised exclusively on Mr Mangalji’s alleged
oral representation(s). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PCS at para 116

The plaintiff was only able to address the defendant’s unpleaded defence of
estoppel by conduct in its Reply Submissions, which it had to file less than a
month after the defendant’s Closing Submissions were filed. This was clearly
prejudicial to the plaintiff.

81 As such, the defendant should not be permitted to rely on its unpleaded
defence of estoppel by conduct. However, even if I am wrong on this point, I
am of the view – for reasons which will be explained in further detail below –
that the defendant’s defence of estoppel, whether by words or conduct, fails
on the facts in any case.

Mr Mangalji’s alleged oral representations

82 I begin by addressing the defendant’s pleaded defence of estoppel by words,
which hinges on the defendant’s assertion that Mr Mangalji had stated that the
defendant should treat the Loan monies as “permanent capital”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DCS at para 19

The defendant alleges that the effect of Mr Mangalji’s oral representation(s)
was to generate a mutual understanding between the parties that the plaintiff
would exercise the conversion option in the Loan Agreement. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defence (2) at para 7(a) and 19(a)

83 The plaintiff denies that Mr Mangalji had made any such oral
representation(s). It further avers that there was no understanding between
the parties that the plaintiff would exercise the conversion option. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS at para 118

84 I first examine the defendant’s allegation that Mr Mangalji had himself
admitted to using the term “permanent capital” in relation to the Loan. This
allegation is based on the following segment of Mr Mangalji’s cross-
examination:

Q: … You are aware that it is my client’s case that at the time when these
negotiations were being discussed, right, the defendant’s version is that you
had in your mind that you wanted a permanent arrangement, the words
“permanent” in capital, “use my money as permanent capital”, was used. Are you
aware of that? … [C]an I have your response to that assertion that has been
made by the defendants?

A: I have---I have used that term in the context historically. Upon
conversion, it can be deemed to be permanent capital because by having money
that is “smart money” in your capital stack, it gives you the ability to go
market---the idea that you---you know, you got smart investors in your
company. So in that context, I have used it, I believe, in---when we were
negotiating earlier in---in November.

Q: Okay. So you at least agreed that that phrase had been mentioned by you in
the course of---

A: It---it---it’s a term of art.

Q: Right.

A: It’s a term of art. It---it---it refers to once you made the loan and then
you convert it and then it becomes part of a permanent capital. …

[emphasis added]

85 I accept that Mr Mangalji’s words “I have used that term in the context
historically” are tantamount to an admission that he has used the words
“permanent capital” in relation to the Loan on a previous occasion (or
occasions). However, as the plaintiff has correctly pointed out, the words
“permanent capital” do not mean anything in isolation – their meaning
necessarily depends on the context in which they are used. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PRS at para 12

Reading Mr Mangalji’s evidence in context, it is clear that he did not admit
to saying that the Loan would certainly become permanent capital or that it
was already permanent capital. He was merely using the terms “permanent
capital” to describe a situation which would occur if the option to convert
were exercised.

86 In addition, Mr Mangalji only admits to using the words “permanent capital”
during the course of his negotiations with Mr Kodrowski in November 2017. This
was prior to the execution of the Loan Agreement on 15 December 2017. I agree
with the plaintiff that these pre-contractual negotiations should be given
limited weight, as they took place before the crystallisation of the
plaintiff’s contractual rights. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

PCS at para 135

It is difficult to see how the plaintiff could have represented that it would
not enforce a legal right which had not yet come into existence. Further, the
terms of the Loan Agreement explicitly conferred a choice on the plaintiff to
convert the Loan into equity at its own discretion. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Clauses 4.1 and 5.2 of the Loan Agreement

This would not have been necessary if the parties had already arrived at a
common understanding that the plaintiff would undoubtedly be converting the
Loan into “permanent capital”.

87 Next, I consider the evidence of the defendant’s witnesses, Mr Kodrowski
and Mr Ritenis. The defendant argues that both Mr Kodrowski and Mr Ritenis had
given evidence that the plaintiff had referred to the Loan monies as
“permanent capital”. It contends that their evidence is persuasive since they
were both “consistent in their evidence and corroborated each other’s version
of events”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DCS at para 19

88 I am unable to accept these submissions. First, I do not find Mr Kodrowski
to be a consistent or reliable witness. While Mr Kodrowski repeatedly
emphasised that Mr Mangalji had used the term “permanent capital”, he was
unable to recall the sentence(s) in which the term had been used. During
cross-examination, Mr Kodrowski asserted that Mr Mangalji had told him, “I
want you to use this as permanent capital”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 38/23-26

In his AEIC, however, Mr Kodrowski stated that Mr Mangalji indicated that he
“wanted the loan monies to be treated more like permanent capital” (emphasis
added). 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DBAEIC at p 12, para 9

I agree with the plaintiff that these two representations are not identical
and should not be treated as such. Further, Mr Kodrowski was also unable to
recall exactly when the alleged oral representation(s) were made. In his AEIC,
he averred that the representations were made during the period from November
to December 2017 while the parties were negotiating the loan agreement, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DBAEIC at p 12, para 9

and during a conference call in January 2018. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DBAEIC at p 13, para 15

On the stand, however, Mr Kodrowski took the position that the alleged oral
representation(s) were made in “November, December, January, February and
March”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 50/29-51/32

It bears noting that in his oral evidence, Mr Kodrowski not only increased the
frequency of the alleged oral representations, but also made them sound more
unequivocal than in his AEIC. It appears to me therefore that Mr Kodrowski may
have exaggerated and embellished his position in his oral evidence, and I
place little weight on Mr Kodrowski’s claims in this regard.

89 Mr Ritenis’ evidence is likewise ambiguous. The defendant relies on a
specific portion of Mr Ritenis’ cross-examination, where he acknowledged that
Mr Mangalji had expressed an intention that the funds be treated as permanent
capital “on a number of occasions”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 117/12-19

However, it is telling that Mr Ritenis subsequently admitted that he was
unable to clearly recall the particular sentence(s) or the precise context in
which the words “permanent capital” had been used. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 118/30-119/3

Mr Ritenis also acknowledged that Mr Mangalji had not said that the loan was
already permanent capital or should presently be treated as such. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 119/27-31

For these reasons, I am unable to place much weight on Mr Ritenis’ testimony.

90 Having surveyed the evidence of the material witnesses, I now turn to
examine the contemporaneous documentary evidence which, in my view, further
buttresses Mr Mangalji’s position that he had not represented that the Loan
monies should be treated as “permanent capital”.

91 Crucially, the parties’ e-mail correspondence reveals that they had never
arrived at a mutual understanding that the plaintiff would be exercising the
option to convert:

(a) In an e-mail dated 1 February 2018, Mr Kodrowski sent Ms Li a draft
constitution for the intended ABC Company stating that “[a]mendments [sic]
constitution can be updated once Fereed wants to push ahead with conversion”
(emphasis added). 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AB1 at p 179

(b) In an e-mail from Mr Kodrowski to Ms Li dated 13 February 2018, Mr
Kodrowski stated, “We’ll provide a full reconciliation at the time of
conversion to equity or if there is no conversion then at the end of the
agreement period” (emphasis added). 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

AB1 at p 189

(c) In an e-mail from Mr Kodrowski to Ms Li (copying Mr Mangalji and Mr
Ritenis) dated 21 March 2018, Mr Kodrowski stated that “Since Fereed is
intending to convert to equity, we have not spent time apportioning costs
against the initial investment”. Within a day, Mr Mangalji sent an e-mail to
Mr Kodrowski dated 22 March 2018 stating, “We are willing to consider the
conversion and even investing incremental funds subject to finalization of the
governing documents and governing structure. Moreover, there are … [c]ertain
due diligence requirements that need to be fulfilled” (emphasis added). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AB1 at p 312

(d) In an e-mail from Mr Kodrowski to Mr Mangalji and Ms Li dated 26 March
2018, Mr Kodrowski offered to extend the deadline for the exercise of the
Option under Clause 4.1 of the Loan Agreement from 31 March 2018 to 30 April
2018. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB1 at p 348

92 The defendant counters that the latest understanding between the parties
was documented in an e-mail which Mr Ritenis sent to the plaintiff on 27 July
2018. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DCS at para 23

In this e-mail, Mr Ritenis states: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

AB1 at p 555

2\. The original intent of both parties was always for conversion to equity,
and for a balanced partnering arrangement, such that Fereed could play a
significant value-adding role as a substantial shareholder.

3\. It was the strongly stated mutual intent for conversion to equity (and
having “permanent capital” that remains in the business) that made it viable
for Kodi to enter into the $2M arrangement at that time. Had it been a “pure
debt” arrangement, Kodi would probably have only been able to accept a lower
funding amount at the time such as $1M, and probably also at a lower interest
rate than 20%.

However, as the plaintiff points out, this e-mail was not a contemporaneous
record of the parties’ intentions. Although it was sent before the plaintiff
threatened legal action, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

DCS at para 23

it was specifically composed as a negotiation tool to encourage the plaintiff
to accept the defendant’s repayment proposal. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PRS at para 15

It was also written about a month after the plaintiff had demanded repayment
of the Loan. I am therefore unable to place any reliance on this e-mail.

93 Finally, I turn to consider the plaintiff’s submission that Mr Mangalji
could not have made the alleged representation(s) because the prerequisites to
the plaintiff’s exercise of the option had not been satisfied. There were
allegedly two such prerequisites: (a) the satisfaction of the plaintiff’s due
diligence requirements; and (b) the finalisation of the shareholders’
agreement for the intended ABC Company.

94 In my assessment, the satisfaction of the plaintiff’s due diligence
requirements was not a prerequisite to the plaintiff’s exercise of the option.
The plaintiff referred me to Clause 7(c) of the Loan Agreement, which states
that “The [defendant] covenants under this Agreement that the [defendant]…
will supply the [plaintiff] forthwith on demand with such financial
documentation as may be requested by the [plaintiff] from time to time”.
However, the terms of the Loan Agreement do not suggest that satisfaction of
the plaintiff’s due diligence requirements was a mandatory precondition to the
plaintiff’s exercise of the option. Ms Li also acknowledged that she had never
explicitly informed the defendant that this was the case. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE, 19 November 2019, 91/14-17

95 I find, however, that there is merit in the plaintiff’s suggestion that the
shareholders’ agreement had to be finalised before the plaintiff could
consider exercising the option. Clause 4.1 of the Loan Agreement stated that
the ABC Company was to be incorporated on terms which were “mutually agreeable
to both parties”. During cross-examination, Mr Kodrowski acknowledged that
this meant that the parties had to reach an agreement on the constitution and
the shareholders’ agreement of the intended ABC Company before the plaintiff
could exercise the conversion option. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 45/16-32

Mr Ritenis went further by conceding that these were steps that had to be
completed even before the plaintiff could decide whether it wanted to exercise
the conversion option. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE, 21 November 2019, 120/32-121/16

From a perusal of the documentary evidence, I am satisfied that parties were
never ad idem on the terms of the shareholders’ agreement. In my view, this is
a factor which lends credence to the plaintiff’s version of events.

96 I thus find, on a balance of probabilities, that Mr Mangalji did not make
the alleged oral representations that the Loan monies should presently be
treated as permanent capital, or that they would certainly be treated as such.

The plaintiff’s conduct

97 As stated at [79] above, it is strictly unnecessary for me to consider the
defendant’s unpleaded defence of estoppel by conduct. Nevertheless, I will
cursorily address the defendant’s contentions on this point for completeness.

98 The defendant has set out four acts of the plaintiff which, in its view,
constitute representations that the plaintiff was “eventually going to convert
to equity”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

DCS at para 10

These are as follows:

(a) it was Mr Mangalji who had first proposed the figure of S$2,000,000 as the
amount of the Loan; 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

DCS at paras 25-30

(b) the plaintiff executed the Loan Agreement with “haste and urgency”; 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at paras 31-39

(c) the plaintiff had sufficient information for the purpose of their
investment from the outset; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at paras 40-45

and

(d) the defendant gave the plaintiff constant updates and sought approvals on
several management and operation decisions. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS at paras 46-51

99 In my judgment, all of these allegations are either irrelevant or without
factual basis.

(a) First, even if it is assumed (for the purposes of argument) that it was Mr
Mangalji who had first proposed the figure of S$2,000,000, this fact is
plainly irrelevant to the defendant’s case. The defendant has not explained
how the amount of the Loan (or the fact that it was first proposed by the
plaintiff) “communicated” the plaintiff’s intention to exercise the option.

(b) Secondly, even if the plaintiff did execute the Loan Agreement with “haste
and urgency”, this did not necessarily indicate that it was “already looking
at only proceeding with the equity conversion option”. It is entirely
speculative for the defendant to suggest that this was the case.

(c) Thirdly, whether or not the plaintiff had sufficient information for the
purpose of its investment was a matter that lay within its own knowledge and
discretion. The plaintiff’s internal views on this matter, if uncommunicated,
could not have amounted to a “representation” that it would eventually
exercise the option. There was also no suggestion that the plaintiff had in
fact communicated any such views.

(d) Finally, and as pointed out by the plaintiff, a representation “by
conduct” must necessarily originate from the plaintiff, who is the alleged
“promisor” in this case. The defendant’s own conduct of providing updates and
seeking approvals cannot constitute such a representation. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PRS at para 32

100 Given my findings above, the defendant’s defence of estoppel fails and it
is therefore strictly unnecessary for me to examine the other elements of
estoppel. Nevertheless, and in any event, I find that the defendant is also
unable to prove that it had relied on the alleged representation(s) to its
detriment, or that it would be inequitable for the plaintiff to resile from
its alleged promise. I elaborate on the reasons for this below.

Detrimental reliance by the defendant

101 It is trite that the burden of proving detrimental reliance “remains
throughout on the party raising the estoppel” (Lam Chi Kin David v Deutsche
Bank AG [2010] 2 SLR 896 (“David Lam”) at [63]). In David Lam, Steven Chong JC
(as he then was) held (at [56]) that detrimental reliance in the context of
estoppel includes:

(a) instances where the promisee had already suffered the “detriment” in
question, eg through the expenditure of time/money, or by incurring a
liability; and

(b) instances where the promisee would suffer a “detriment” if the promisor is
permitted to resile from his promise, eg because it has changed its position
in reliance on the promise, or because it would be deprived of a benefit if
the promise is not kept.

102 In the present case, the defendant argues that it has expended time and
money by taking the following actions “with a view of the eventual conversion
to equity”: 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DCS at para 52

(a) the payment of fees to convert RCL into a full finance company, which
resulted in the expenditure of PHP 300,000;

(b) the incorporation of RCC, which resulted in the expenditure of S$1,633;

(c) the hiring of staff for RCC, which resulted in the expenditure of
approximately S$42,163.06;

(d) the acquisition of AOMOS, which resulted in the expenditure of S$280,000;
and

(e) the expenditure of funds on the development and integration of AOMOS,
which amounted to PHP 307,680.

103 In addition to the above, the defendant also claims that it has:

(a) incurred a liability by incorporating RCC and hiring staff for RCC; 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DCS at para 77

(b) changed its position by expending money and resources on the items set out
at [102] above; 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS at para 78

and

(c) been deprived of a benefit as the monies which were used for the
acquisition of AOMOS and the incorporation of RCC could have been used for the
purposes of micro-lending pursuant to the agreement. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DCS at para 79

104 I now examine each of these contentions in turn.

Expenditure of time and money

(1) First act: Payment of fees to convert RCL into a full finance company

105 During cross-examination, Mr Kodrowski explicitly acknowledged that the
conversion of RCL into a finance corporation was a process which began in
September 2017, long before the parties began communicating with one another.
128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 24/29-25/2

Therefore, the defendant does not assert that it converted RCL into a finance
corporation on the plaintiff’s request; such a conversion would have taken
place in any event. Rather, its case is that it expedited the conversion
process because of the plaintiff’s alleged representation(s) that the Loan
would be converted into equity.

106 I note, as a preliminary observation, that the defendant has not adduced
any evidence to support this contention. Indeed, the defendant’s case is
contradicted by Mr Kodrowski’s e-mail to Mr Mangalji and Ms Li dated 8 January
2018 (“the 8 January 2018 e-mail”). 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AB1 at p 133

In that e-mail, Mr Kodrowski listed “several key updates about RCL”, some of
which were “for [Mr Mangalji’s and Ms Li’s] info” while others required their
“input… from a partner perspective”. One of the items on this list was the
conversion of RCL into a finance corporation. In relation to this item, Mr
Kodrowski stated:

Conversion to Finance Corp –

\- We now have a contact within SEC who can help fast track our application
within January. There are some costs involved in the expediting but I believe
the benefits far outweigh the costs … With the PTIG acquisition [of AOMOS]
pushing through below I believe there is more time pressure to get this
conversion done so RCL is ready to integrate corporate loans and e-wallet as
soon as possible with the new software entity.

107 From this passage, it is apparent that there were two key reasons for
expediting the conversion of RCL into a finance corporation: (a) the benefits
of doing so “far outweigh[ed] the costs”; and (b) the defendant’s acquisition
of AOMOS. The plaintiff’s conversion of the Loan into equity was not one of
these reasons.

108 More crucially, the defendant has not shown how the expedition of the
conversion of RCL into a finance corporation caused it to incur more
expenditure than it otherwise would have incurred if it had proceeded with the
conversion at its originally-intended pace. Its only evidence on this point is
the Tab 23 Document, which (for reasons set out at [27] to [42] above) is
inadmissible.

109 I therefore find that the expedited conversion of RCL into a finance
corporation cannot constitute an act of “detrimental reliance” on the
defendant’s part.

(2) Second act: Incorporation of RCC

110 The defendant submits that “[i]t cannot be disputed that there would have
been no need to incorporate [RCC] if the Plaintiff was not going to convert to
equity”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

DCS at para 58

I accept that the incorporation of RCC would not have served any useful
purpose if the plaintiff did not ultimately convert the Loan into equity.
However, in order to establish that this was an act of detrimental reliance,
the defendant must do more: It must show that the incorporation of RCC was
causally connected to its reliance on the plaintiff’s alleged
representation(s) (see David Lam ([99] supra at [65])). I find that the
defendant has not successfully proven this causal connection. Instead, it
appears that the incorporation of RCC was undertaken pursuant to the
defendant’s own self-generated expectations instead of any inducement by the
plaintiff.

111 In the 8 January 2018 e-mail, Mr Kodrowski stated, “[a]s a result of these
developments, I would like to expedite the forming of the SG entity” (emphasis
added). However, none of the “developments” mentioned in the 8 January 2018
e-mail related to the plaintiff’s conversion of the Loan into equity. It is
also telling that Mr Kodrowski did not explicitly seek Mr Mangalji’s or Ms
Li’s input on the “forming of the SG entity”. On the stand, Mr Kodrowski
conceded that RCC’s incorporation had been a recommendation on his part. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 106/29

112 In the circumstances, I find that the incorporation of RCC was not an act
of detrimental reliance. Rather, as outlined above, it was an act which the
defendant had undertaken because of its own self-generated expectation that
the plaintiff would eventually convert the loan into equity.

(3) Third act: Hiring of staff for RCC

113 The defendant argues that it hired staff for RCC in reliance on the
plaintiff’s alleged representation(s) that it would convert the Loan into
equity. This assertion is premised solely on the following section of Mr
Mangalji’s cross-examination, where he was queried on his interpretation of
the 8 January 2018 e-mail: 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Q: Right. Now, [Mr Kodrowski] then talks about recruitment. He would like to
hire a senior operations manager who would transition to COO within 12 months
from starting. Do you see that?

…

Q: Did you agree to that proposal?

A: I---it was not my position to agree or disagree. He basically said he wants
to do this. And then he goes on to ask me and then he asked me for it.

…

Q: Okay. And you see here, the next sentence, he says he wants your input on
the equity compensation component for the package for this management team.
Right? The bottom sentence.

…

Q: Do you have an explanation why then he would be seeking your input on this?

A: I think that---this is just a supposition on my part. You have to ask him
what he meant. But in my view, the way I read it is that given that there was
a possibility of some future equity to be provided to this individual, that he
may, you know, want to run it by me.

(emphasis added)

114 In the excerpt above, Mr Mangalji was being cross-examined on two separate
matters: (a) the defendant’s decision to hire a Chief Operating Officer
(“COO”) for RCC, and (b) the equity compensation component of the package for
RCL’s senior management team. I agree with the plaintiff that (b) is
irrelevant to the defendant’s submissions on this point as it affects the
remuneration, as opposed to the recruitment, of RCC’s staff. In relation to
(a), Mr Mangalji’s evidence was clear: Mr Kodrowski had simply informed him of
the defendant’s decision to hire a COO, without asking him (Mr Mangalji) for
any input on that decision. I am unable to see how this lends any assistance
to the defendant’s case.

115 In any event, I find that Mr Mangalji’s evidence is of limited utility
because it does not shed any light on the fundamental issue of whether the
plaintiff’s alleged representation(s) influenced the defendant’s decision to
hire staff for RCC. Consequently, I find that the defendant has not discharged
its onus of proving that its act of hiring staff for RCC was carried out in
reliance on the plaintiff’s representation(s).

(4) Fourth and fifth acts: Acquisition and/or integration of AOMOS

116 I now turn to consider the defendant’s contention that “money and
resources [were] expended for the integration and development of AOMOS”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DCS at para 69

117 In my view, this argument can be shortly disposed of because the defendant
has not adduced any credible evidence to prove that it incurred the
expenditure referred to in its pleadings. The only documentary records of
AOMOS’ acquisition are the incorporation papers for two Philippines corporate
holding entities. But, as conceded by Mr Kodrowski, these papers do not
reflect the defendant’s acquisition costs. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 142/4-11

118 There is also a paucity of evidence in relation to the costs of
integrating AOMOS. During cross-examination, Mr Kodrowski asserted that these
costs were reflected in the Tab 23 Document. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE, 20 November 2019, 140/31-141/23

However, for reasons already set out at [27] to [42] above, the Tab 23
Document is inadmissible and cannot be relied upon as evidence of the
defendant’s expenditure.

119 I find, also, that there is little evidence to suggest that the
acquisition and/or integration of AOMOS was carried out in reliance on the
plaintiff’s alleged representation(s). The defendant argues that the AOMOS
acquisition was a long-term strategic investment which the defendant had only
undertaken because of the plaintiff’s alleged representation(s) that it would
eventually convert the Loan into equity. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE, 19 November 2019, 8/6-9

I am unable to agree with this submission. The contemporaneous documentary
evidence suggests that the acquisition was intended to bring about short-term
benefits for the defendant’s micro-lending business – benefits which would, in
all likelihood, accrue before the Termination Date of the Loan Agreement. This
explains why the acquisition had to be carried out quickly and with some
urgency. For example, in the 8 January 2018 e-mail, Mr Kodrowski stated that
his goal was to complete the AOMOS acquisition “in the next 90 days”, so that
RCL could expand the customer base for its micro-lending business by accessing
the employees of AOMOS’ corporate clients. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

AB1 at p 134

120 The defendant also referred me to paragraph 30 of Mr Mangalji’s AEIC,
where he stated, “I also made clear to Mr Kodrowski that if PTIG was going to
use the Loan for the acquisition of AOMOS, the acquisition should take place
through ABC Company rather than through PTIG”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PBAEIC, p 10 at para 30

The defendant argues that Mr Mangalji’s proposed course of action was
consistent with the plaintiff’s alleged intention to convert. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DCS at para 68

However, the defendant has not adduced evidence to show that this statement
induced any measure of reliance on its part. I therefore decline to give any
weight to this argument.

121 For the above reasons, I find that the defendant has not discharged its
burden of proving that it suffered detrimental reliance from the acquisition
and/or integration of AOMOS.

Other forms of “detriment”

122 I now briefly touch on the defendant’s contentions relating to the other
forms of “detriment” which it has allegedly suffered. To recap, they are as
follows:

(a) incurring a liability by incorporating RCC and hiring staff for RCC; 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

DCS at para 77

(b) changing its position by expending money and resources on the items set
out at [102] above; 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DCS at para 78

and

(c) being deprived of a benefit as the monies which were used for the
acquisition of AOMOS and the incorporation of RCC could have been used for the
purposes of micro-lending pursuant to the agreement. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DCS at para 79

123 It is apparent that these manifestations of “detriment” are premised on
the exact same acts of expenditure as those set out at [102] above. I earlier
held that these acts of expenditure were not carried out in reliance on the
plaintiff’s alleged representation(s). I find, correspondingly, that the
alternative forms of “detriment” proposed by the defendant do not constitute
“detrimental reliance” in the present case.

Whether it was inequitable for the plaintiff to resile from its alleged
representation(s)

124 I now come to the third and final requirement of promissory estoppel. This
involves the issue of whether it was “inequitable” for the plaintiff to resile
from its alleged representation(s) to the defendant.

125 The requirement that it be “inequitable” for the promisor to resile from
his promise is one which eludes any attempt at precise definition. Ultimately,
the issue must be determined by taking into account all the relevant
circumstances. For example, if it is shown that a promisor has dishonestly
induced the promisee to act on his promise, such evidence would undoubtedly
weigh in favour of the promisee, rendering it inequitable for the promisor to
renege. Conversely, if the promisee were guilty of improper behaviour, the
balance would be tipped in favour of the promisor (see The Law of Contract in
Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The
Law of Contract in Singapore”) at paras 4.086 to 4.087).

126 The defendant argues that it had expended a significant sum of money (in
excess of S$300,000) on the understanding that the plaintiff would eventually
convert to equity. On the defendant’s case, this expenditure, coupled with (a)
the plaintiff’s conduct during the period from December 2017 to March 2018,
(b) the fact that the plaintiff had readily postponed the option exercise
date, and (c) the fact that the plaintiff had continued to discuss and
negotiate the terms of the shareholders’ agreement with the defendant up till
June 2018, renders it inequitable for the plaintiff to now resile from its
promise. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DCS at para 84

127 The plaintiff counters that there are two reasons why it would not have
been inequitable for the Loan to be repaid even if the first two elements of
an estoppel had been established. First, the defendant has failed to repay the
Loan even though it had a reasonable period of time to do so. Secondly, the
defendant has acted with “unclean hands” by (a) fabricating evidence and/or
(b) using the Loan monies for unauthorised purposes. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PCS at para 279

128 I am not persuaded by the plaintiff’s arguments. Firstly, I do not think
that the defendant was given reasonable notice of the plaintiff’s intention to
seek repayment of the Loan. The plaintiff submits that the defendant “has had
more than 1½ years to repay the Loan, which is more than 3 times the entire
6-month duration of the Loan Agreement”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PCS at para 286

However, the plaintiff only formally demanded repayment of the Loan sometime
in or around late June 2018. It subsequently commenced this Suit against the
defendant less than two and half months later, on 29 August 2018. Assuming for
the purposes of argument that the defendant had indeed acted on the
plaintiff’s representation(s) to its detriment, it would not have been
reasonable for the plaintiff to expect the defendant to repay the full amount
of the Loan plus interest within that short duration of time.

129 Secondly, I am unable to accept the plaintiff’s contention that the
defendant has acted with “unclean hands”. Although I have earlier found (at
[27] to [42] above) that the Tab 23 Document is inadmissible, the plaintiff’s
allegation that the defendant had deliberately fabricated the Tab 23 document
as false evidence is speculative and unsubstantiated. Further, the plaintiff’s
submission that the defendant had “misused the bulk of the Loan for purposes
other than micro-lending without the defendant’s agreement” 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at para 289

is inconsistent with its own earlier assertion that “the great majority of the
Loan was still deployed for consumer Loans and continued to generate interest
after the repayment date”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PCS at para 321

The plaintiff has not provided a consistent account of the defendant’s use(s)
of the Loan.

130 Nevertheless, given my findings that the first two elements of estoppel
have not been satisfied in the present case, I remain of the view the defence
of estoppel ultimately cannot succeed.

Whether the time for repayment of the Loan was set at large due to the
prevention principle

131 I now proceed to examine the defendant’s second defence, ie that the time
for repayment of the Loan was “set at large” due to the operation of the so-
called ‘prevention principle’. The operation of the prevention principle was
explained by Andrew Ang J (as he then was) in the following passage from Chua
Tian Chu ([24] supra) at [60] and [63]:

The equitable remedy afforded by the prevention principle is derived from the
well established legal maxim that no man shall take advantage of his own
wrong. Setting time at large ensures that whoever “prevents a thing from being
done shall not avail himself of the non-performance he has occasioned” …

…

When an employer/purchaser is found to have performed acts of prevention, in
the absence of an extension of time clause in the agreement, the contractual
time for completion is no longer binding. …

132 The defendant submits that the parties had agreed for the defendant to
“take various steps, including the expenditure of monies that would have been
used for the micro-lending business”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

DRS at para 55

Accordingly, the prevention principle applied such that the time for the
repayment of the Loan was “set at large” and had not yet fallen due at the
time of the commencement of this Suit. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DRS at para 57

133 The plaintiff asserts that the prevention principle is only applicable to
cases where a party is making a claim for liquidated damages or penalties
flowing from a failure by the other party to complete performance of works by
a stipulated contractual deadline. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PCS at para 325

Further or alternatively, the defendant has not shown any wrongs or acts of
prevention committed by the plaintiff. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

PCS at para 326

134 I first address the issue of whether the prevention principle is
potentially applicable to a claim for a repayment of a debt. In my view, the
prevention principle applies generally to all contracts, regardless of their
nature or subject-matter. In Chua Tian Chu, Andrew Ang J described the
prevention principle as a doctrine “derived from the well established legal
maxim that no man shall take advantage of his own wrong” (at [60]). Likewise,
in Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd [2006] 1
SLR(R) 634 (“Evergreat Construction”), V K Rajah J (as he then was) explained
that the prevention principle is “wedded to notions of fair play and
commercial morality” (at [51]). These are universally-applicable principles
which are relevant in virtually every contractual context.

135 It is also noteworthy that in other Commonwealth jurisdictions, the
prevention principle has been applied to various types of contracts, such as
lease agreements (see for example, Alghussein Establishment v Eton College
[1998] 1 WLR 587), share purchase agreements (see for example, Nitscheke and
others v Foraco Australia Pty Ltd and another [2014] SASC 88), and contracts
for the sale of property (see for example, Kensland Realty Ltd v Whale View
Investment Ltd and another [2002] 1 HKLRD 87). I can see no practical or
principled justification for restricting the applicability of the prevention
principle to contractual claims of a specific nature. In my view, the
prevention principle is applicable to claims for the repayment of debts.

136 Next, I consider the issue of whether the plaintiff has committed an act
(or acts) of prevention in the present case. In Yap Keng Boon Sonny v Pacific
Prince International Pte Ltd [2009] 1 SLR(R) 385 (“Sonny Yap”) at [34], an act
of prevention was defined as an act which “operates to prevent, impede, or
otherwise make more difficult for a contractor to complete the works by the
date stipulated in the contract”. A narrower definition was adopted in
Evergreat, where Rajah J held (at [52]) that “[i]n order to invoke this
principle it must be shown that the contractual right or benefit that a party
is asserting or claiming is a direct result of the party’s prior breach of
contract” (emphasis added).

137 There is nothing to suggest that the plaintiff has breached the Loan
Agreement, and the defendant makes no argument to that effect. Accordingly, I
find that the narrow definition in Evergreat is not satisfied in the present
case.

138 Likewise, the plaintiff has not carried out any act(s) of prevention
falling within the broader definition in Sonny Yap. In the first place, the
defendant’s expenditures which were mutually agreed upon by both parties (eg,
expenditure on micro-finance or on the acquisition of AOMOS) cannot properly
be characterised as acts of prevention on the plaintiff’s part. As the
plaintiff points out, a situation where two parties have a mutual agreement to
do (or not to do) something is very different from a situation where one party
has prevented or impeded the other party’s ability to fulfil its obligations
under a contract. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PCS at para 327

139 Likewise, the defendant’s expenditures which were not approved or agreed
to by the plaintiff cannot be regarded as acts of “prevention” on the
plaintiff’s part. Simply put, the plaintiff cannot be said to have “prevented”
an outcome in which it has had no input or involvement.

140 Accordingly, the defendant’s argument that the time for repayment was “set
at large” must be rejected.

Whether the plaintiff is entitled to pre-judgment interest at a rate of 20%
per annum

141 Having established that the plaintiff succeeds in its claim for repayment
of the Loan with 20% annualised interest, I now turn to the final issue –
whether the plaintiff is entitled to pre-judgment interest at a rate of 20%
per annum.

142 Pre-judgment interest refers to the compensation awarded to a successful
claimant for the time value of money the use of which was lost between the
date on which the claimant’s cause of action arose and the date of the
judgment (Grains and Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd v Bank of India and
another [2016] 3 SLR 1308 (“Grains”) at [137]). The court’s power to award
pre-judgment interest is governed by s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999
Rev Ed), which provides as follows:

12.—(1) In any proceedings tried in any court of record for the recovery of
any debt or damages, the court may, if it thinks fit, order that there shall
be included in the sum for which judgment is given interest at such rate as it
thinks fit on the whole or any part of the debt or damages for the whole or
any part of the period between the date when the cause of action arose and the
date of the judgment. [emphasis added]

143 As the literal wording of this provision suggests, the decision to award
pre-judgment interest (and if so, what the appropriate interest rate should
be) is a matter which lies entirely within the court’s discretion. The Court
of Appeal in Grains helpfully set out a list of factors which courts can
consider in exercising this discretion (see Grains at [140]):

(a) in the absence of a prescribed rate, what rate of interest would be
appropriate to the relevant period(s);

(b) whether the claimant was dilatory in the bringing and conduct of the
proceedings;

(c) whether the claimant had received compensation for the loss suffered from
a source other than the defendant;

(d) whether the claimant had sought and been awarded with damages which
include damages for the loss of the use of money;

(e) whether the debt is paid immediately after proceedings are commenced; and

(f) whether the parties have agreed that pre-judgment interest should not be
recoverable.

144 As a general rule, however, “claimants who have been kept out of pocket
without basis should be able to recover interest on money that is found to
have been owed to them from the date of their entitlement until the date it is
paid” (Grains at [138]). Furthermore, if the parties do not submit on the rate
of pre-judgment interest, the default rate of 5.33% interest per annum, which
is prescribed by para 5 of the Supreme Court Practice Direction No 1 of 2007,
will usually apply (Grains at [143]).

145 In the present case, the claimant highlights three “special circumstances”
which, it claims, justify its demand for pre-judgment interest at a higher
rate of 20% per annum. These are as follows: 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PCS at paras 77-80

(a) First, by wrongfully retaining the Loan and the interest earned
thereunder, the defendant has deprived the plaintiff of the used of its funds
for other investment and revenue-generating activities.

(b) Secondly, by failing to comply with its repayment obligations, the
defendant has in effect extended the Loan duration to almost five times the
original six-month term, which is “manifestly unfair” to the plaintiff.

(c) Thirdly, awarding pre-judgment interest of 20% per annum is also necessary
to prevent the defendant from being better off by deciding to breach its
repayment obligations.

146 In relation to (a), the defendant argues that it did not use the Loan
monies for its own benefit. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

DCS at para 19

In my view, however, the manner in which the defendant utilised the Loan is
irrelevant to the inquiry at hand. What is significant for present purposes is
the fact that the defendant did not repay the Loan in a timely fashion, and
therefore put the plaintiff out of pocket for a significant duration of time.
The effects of the defendant’s delay were particularly serious because the
plaintiff was (and still remains) in the business of making investments with
its funds. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PCS at para 77

147 In relation to (b), the defendant contends that the plaintiff has not
cited any authority to show that “manifest unfairness” is one of the grounds
warranting an award of pre-judgment interest, much less at a rate of 20% per
annum. This argument is untenable. As aforementioned, the decision to award
pre-judgment interest is discretionary in nature. The court is certainly
entitled to consider “manifest unfairness” in the exercise of this discretion,
particularly if it features prominently on the facts of a particular case.

148 In relation to (c), the plaintiff’s key submission is that it would not be
unfair to award pre-judgment interest at a rate of 20% per annum since the
defendant’s usual cost of capital is between 15% to 23% per annum. The
defendant’s counterargument is that the plaintiff should not have compared the
interest rate of the Loan to the defendant’s usual cost of capital. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

DRS at para 21

149 I agree that the defendant’s usual cost of capital is irrelevant to the
inquiry of whether it is fair to award pre-judgment interest at a rate of 20%
per annum on the facts of this particular case. Nevertheless, there is force
in the plaintiff’s argument that the defendant would be better off if it is
awarded pre-judgment interest at the default rate of 5.33% per annum. As the
plaintiff points out, imposing an interest rate of just 5.33% would
effectively convert the plaintiff’s six-month loan at 20% per annum into
something roughly equivalent to a two-and-a-half year loan at 8% per annum.
157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at para 78

Such an outcome would be grossly unfair to the plaintiff.

150 In the circumstances, I consider that it is fair to award interest from
the date of the accrual of the loss (ie, 16 June 2018) to the date of this
court’s judgment at a rate of 20% per annum. In my view, this is a fair
estimation of the opportunity cost suffered by the plaintiff in having been
kept out of the sums to which it was entitled.

Conclusion

151 In summary, my decision is as follows:

(a) The plaintiff succeeds in its claim for repayment of the Loan amount of
S$2,000,000 with 20% annualised interest on the entire sum of the Loan; and

(b) The plaintiff succeeds in its claim for pre-judgment interest from 16 June
2018 to the date of this judgment, at a rate of 20% per annum.

152 I will hear parties on the issue of costs at a later date. Parties are to
file their submissions on costs, limited to ten pages each, within 14 days
from the date of this judgment.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge

Gerui Lim and Amber Estad (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Tan Sia Khoon Kelvin David and Sara Ng (Vicki Heng Law Corporation) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

