Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 254

Suit No 196 of 2019

Between

Xu Zhigang  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Wang Fang  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Trusts] — [Express trusts]

[Gifts] — [Presumptions against] — [Resulting trusts]

[Equity] — [Estoppel] — [Promissory estoppel]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Xu Zhigang

  
v

  

Wang Fang

  

  
  

[2020] SGHC 254

High Court — Suit No 196 of 2019  
Audrey Lim J  
30 June, 1–3, 7–9, 14–17, 21, 23 July, 31 August 2020

19 November 2020 Judgment reserved.

Audrey Lim J:

Background

1 The plaintiff (“Xu”), a Chinese national and businessman, had an extra-
marital affair with the defendant (“Wang”) from 2014 to 2017. In 2019, Xu
commenced this suit to claim that two sums totalling US$9.6 million, an
apartment and a car, which were with Wang, belonged to him. Wang claimed that
he had gifted them to her.

2 The parties first met on a flight in 2011, where Wang was working as a
flight attendant. They met again around September 2013 and thereafter
communicated more frequently. Between December 2013 and February 2014, Xu
transferred money to Wang, totalling about $4,198,000. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) (“SOC”) at [5]; Plaintiff’s AEIC (2 June
2020) (“P’s AEIC”) at [34]–[35]; Defendant’s AEIC (3 June 2020) (“D’s AEIC”)
at [32].

Wang used the money to purchase an apartment at The Interlace (“the
Apartment”) and a Mercedes Benz (“the Car”), both registered in her name. The
Option to Purchase (“OTP”) for the Apartment was signed on 12 December 2013
while the Car was purchased around 14 January 2014. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at [11]; Defence (Amendment No. 2) (“Defence”) at [6(b)]; P’s AEIC at
[52]; D’s AEIC at [31].

Around end January to early February 2014, Xu and Wang spent time together in
China, including visiting Wang’s parents during Chinese New Year (“CNY”). They
began a romantic relationship in early to mid February 2014 (“the
Relationship”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

P’s AEIC at [64]–[74]; D’s AEIC at [17].

3 In February 2014, Wang discovered that Xu had a relationship with one Wang
Cong. She was very upset and wanted to break up with him. Xu informed her that
he was no longer with Wang Cong but Wang Cong was still working in Eastport
Petrochemical (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Eastport”), of which he was then the main
shareholder. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

2/7/20 Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 2–3; D’s AEIC at [19], [41] to [49].

In January 2014, when Wang was working with United Overseas Bank (“UOB”), Xu
procured employment for her at Eastport. Wang was employed at Eastport from
around April or May 2014 to June 2016 and was paid a monthly salary of $10,000
although she did not do any substantive work. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

P’s AEIC at [75]; D’s AEIC at [16]; 17/7/20 NE 46.

4 Around 2 July 2014, US$2.6 million belonging to Xu was transferred to Wang
(“1st USD Sum”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

P’s AEIC at [90] and exhibit XZG-16; D’s AEIC at [54]–[55].

In January 2015, Xu was to receive some funds from Eastport. He gave
instructions for the funds to be transferred to Hao Huanchun (“Hao”), his
chauffeur and assistant in China, who then transferred US$9 million to Wei
Jinzhi (“Wei”), Xu’s employee. On Xu’s instructions, Wei then transferred US$7
million to Wang (“2nd USD Sum”) around 4 February 2015. The Relationship ended
in November 2017. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

P’s AEIC at [199]; D’s AEIC at [117].

The 1st and 2nd USD Sums will be collectively referred to as “the USD Sums”.

Applicable legal principles

5 Wang claimed that the USD Sums, Apartment and Car (“the Properties”) were
gifts to her. Conversely, Xu claimed that she held them on trust for him,
relying on express trust, presumption of resulting trust, resulting trust and
common intention constructive trust.

6 A valid gift inter vivos is made when there is an intention to gift and
delivery of the precise subject matter of the gift (Lee Hiok Tng (in her
personal capacity) v Lee Hiok Tng and another (executors and trustees of the
estate of Lee Wee Nam, deceased) and others [2001] 1 SLR(R) 771 at [35]). The
court will objectively assess the donor’s subjective intentions at the time of
the property transfer (Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other
appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”) at [83]).

7 An express trust arises when there is certainty of intention, subject matter
and object of the trust. In relation to certainty of intention, it is the
substance and not the form of the alleged settlor’s words and conduct that is
important, and his intention to create a trust may be inferred from his words
or conduct and from the surrounding circumstances (see The State-Owned Company
Yugoimport SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR) v Westacre Investments Inc and
other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 372 at [55]–[56]). A presumption of resulting trust
arises when one party has paid (wholly or partly) for the purchase of a
property vested in the other party. A resulting trust may arise independently
of a presumption of resulting trust if it can be shown that the transfer was
not intended to benefit the recipient. The intention of the recipient is
irrelevant to whether a resulting trust has arisen (see Chan Yuen Lan v See
Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 at [36], [43] and [44]). For a common intention
constructive trust, there must be a common intention between the parties as to
how the beneficial interest of the property is to be held and this intention
may be express or inferred (Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and
another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 at [83]).

8 The analysis of whether any of the Properties were intended to be gifts to
Wang or held on trust for Xu would essentially depend on whether there is
sufficient evidence to show that the transferor (Xu) had intended to benefit
the recipient (Wang) on a particular property.

Parties’ arguments regarding the Apartment and Car

Xu’s version

9 Xu claimed that a presumption of resulting trust arose as he paid for the
Apartment and Car. Alternatively, a resulting trust arose, and/or there was a
common intention constructive trust, as parties had a common understanding
that Xu would be the beneficial owner of the Apartment and Car, and that he
had no intention to give them to Wang. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at [9] to [10].

10 Xu had purchased the Apartment for Wang to stay to improve her living
conditions as he regarded her as a close friend and sibling. He also wanted
his own place to stay whenever he was in Singapore. Wang and he viewed
properties in November 2013, and he decided to purchase the Apartment on the
same day that he viewed a similar unit at The Interlace. He bought the
Apartment based on his preferences. Xu asked Wang to register the Apartment in
her name out of convenience, as she lived in Singapore and he wanted her to
help him handle the administrative matters concerning its purchase, renovation
and fitting. Contrary to Wang’s claim, Xu did not inform Wang that the
Apartment was her birthday gift. At the time he decided to purchase the
Apartment in November 2013, the Relationship had not commenced and he did not
know when Wang’s birthday was. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

P’s AEIC at [26]–[27], [31]–[33] and [40]; 30/6/20 NE 55 and 60.

11 Sometime in December 2013, Xu told Wang that he wanted to buy a car and he
would let her drive it; he did not tell her that he was buying it for her. He
decided to purchase a car as he needed to meet customers in Singapore and
Eastport did not have a company car. Wang and he went to view cars around end
December 2013 to early January 2014. He asked Wang to handle the
administrative matters and register the Car in her name, for the same reasons
pertaining to the Apartment. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

P’s AEIC at [44]–[45], [49]–[52]; 1/7/20 NE 31.

The decision to purchase the Car was also made before the Relationship
started.

Wang’s version

12 Wang claimed that the Apartment and Car were unconditional gifts to her, or
alternatively, that Xu had represented to her that they were gifts and he is
now estopped from resiling from the said representation. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defence at [8], [13] and [14A].

13 In early December 2013, Xu asked Wang when her birthday was. When she told
him that it was on 10 December, Xu said that he would visit her on that day.
He also asked her to arrange to view properties together and said that he
would buy her a property for her birthday. Xu arrived in Singapore on 10
December 2013 and they viewed properties on 11 and 12 December. After viewing
The Interlace, Wang stated that she liked it whereupon Xu said that he would
buy the Apartment for her as a birthday gift. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

D’s AEIC at [24]–[28] and pp 123–123F; 21/7/20 NE 51–52.

14 After signing the OTP for the Apartment on 12 December 2013, Xu said he
would buy a car for Wang. They went to the car showroom on the same day to
look for a Mercedes Benz but the model was not available. Xu thus asked Wang
to order a car based on her preference. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

D’s AEIC at [29].

Around 4 January 2014, Wang saw the Car at the showroom and called Xu (who was
in China), and Xu told her to buy it. She signed the sales agreement on 14
January 2014 and paid for the Car with the monies that Xu had transferred to
her (see [2] above).

Findings on the Apartment and Car

15 I find, on balance, that Xu had intended to give the Apartment to Wang as a
birthday present and that Xu had also bought the Car for her.

When the viewing of apartments took place and choice of apartment

16 The circumstances surrounding the purchase of the Apartment support Wang’s
case that it was her birthday gift and that Xu had informed her as such.

17 I accept that when Wang told Xu that her birthday was on 10 December, he
said he would buy her a property and asked her to arrange to view properties.
Wang had booked his flights and arranged with a property agent to view
properties, and the parties viewed The Interlace and another property. Xu was
in Singapore from 10 to 13 December 2013 which coincided with Wang’s birthday
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

D’s AEIC at p 123 (exhibit 4).

and the OTP for the Apartment was signed shortly after her birthday.

18 I disbelieve that Xu had already decided to purchase the Apartment in
November 2013 before he knew about Wang’s birthday. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

30/6/20 NE 63.

The phone messages showed that Wang first spoke to the property agent (“Liu”)
on 9 December 2013, a day before Xu came to Singapore, to arrange to view The
Interlace and another development with Xu. The records show that they viewed
these two properties on 11 December, and it is undisputed that Xu viewed The
Interlace with Wang on that date. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Exhibit D3 at pp 1, 14, 20, 24; 7/7/20 NE 82–83; 17/7/20 NE 74; Defence’s
Bundle of Documents vol 2 (“2DB”) at p 4.

Although Xu denied that he was present when Wang signed the OTP whilst Wang
claimed that he was there, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

30/6/20 NE 95; 7/7/20 NE 85–87; D’s AEIC at [28]–[29].

this was immaterial to the present issue. More likely than not, Xu was with
Wang when she signed the OTP, as he had come to Singapore to spend time with
her and they had looked for an apartment together. Xu admitted that he came
for a birthday meal with Wang and gave her a jade bangle of about RMB 500,000
as a birthday gift. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

P’s AEIC at [36]; D’s AEIC at [27]; 30/6/20 NE 64; 1/7/20 NE 64.

19 I also find that Xu had bought the Apartment for Wang because she liked it
and not because of his preference. Until just before the viewing of
properties, Xu did not inform Wang or Liu of any requirements of the property
that he wanted to buy. He claimed that it was only after viewing a property at
Orchard Road (ie, the Urban Resort), that he told Liu that he wanted a
property with a patio and Liu then made some last minute calls to view The
Interlace, and that all these happened in November 2013. However, the decision
to view The Interlace could not have been made at the last minute or in
November 2013. The chat records showed that Wang had liaised with Liu in
advance on 9 and 10 December 2013 to view both The Interlace and the Urban
Resort on 11 December 2013. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

30/6/20 NE 60–63 and 63; Exhibit D3 at pp 1, 3, 12 and 13; 7/7/20 NE 82–84.

Reasons for purchasing and registering the Apartment in Wang’s name

20 Xu claimed that he could not have intended to give Wang the Apartment, as
they were only friends then. But it could equally be said that as they were
only friends and barely knew each other, it was hard to comprehend why he
allowed the Apartment to be registered in her name if he did not intend to
give it to her. I disbelieve that it was registered in Wang’s name so that she
could help him with the administrative matters. Xu could have appointed an
agent for this purpose or asked Luan Wenbo (“Luan”), the general manager of
Eastport, to do so as Luan was his “trusted business associate” whom he has
known for at least 14 years. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

30/6/20 NE 83; P’s AEIC at [47] and [89].

21 Additionally, the Apartment was registered in Wang’s name without any
(formal or informal) documentation to show that Xu was the beneficial owner.
Xu stated that it would have been “awkward” to prepare such documentation as
his relationship with Wang was becoming closer and they treated each other as
siblings, and in any event, the Relationship had started shortly after the
Apartment and Car were purchased. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

30/6/20 NE 22, 23, 81–82.

His explanation was not convincing. When the Apartment was purchased, Xu and
Wang were merely friends and Xu (an experienced businessman) knew that there
was a risk that Wang may dispute his ownership subsequently. Further, that he
and Wang were in the Relationship shortly after the Apartment was purchased
did not explain why he did not obtain such documentation at the time of its
purchase when they were just friends.

22 Next, Xu stated that he wanted to improve Wang’s living conditions, and
that he wanted his own place to stay in Singapore as his business at Eastport
was growing and he would come here frequently. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

P’s AEIC at [25]–[27].

Even if these reasons were true, he could have purchased the Apartment in his
name. Indeed, Xu claimed that a property that he financed but registered in
Wang Cong’s name (“RV Property”) belonged to him. If so, he could have stayed
there or informed Wang Cong to move out, especially when he claimed that their
relationship had ended in May or June 2013. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

30/6/20 NE 56–57; 1/7/20 NE 13 and 19; 2/7/20 NE 5.

23 There is also no evidence of a common intention between the parties that
the Apartment would be beneficially owned by Xu. In his affidavit of evidence-
in-chief (“AEIC”), Xu gave the impression that he had told Wang that she could
register the Apartment in her name and that “she would hold [the Apartment] on
[his] behalf”. In court, however, he admitted that he did not tell Wang that
the Apartment was to be his or that she was to hold it on his behalf, unlike
his claim that he had told Wang Cong that the RV Property was not a gift to
her. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

P’s AEIC at [33(b)]; 30/6/20 NE 16–17, 56 and 84; 7/7/20 NE 93.

24 Hence, the circumstances support on balance Wang’s claim that the Apartment
was a birthday gift from Xu to her. Although Xu had given Wang a jade bangle
for her birthday, this did not prevent him from giving her the Apartment. Xu
had given Wang many other things (including the jade bangle) even before the
Relationship began and it was clear that he was at that time interested in her
beyond just as a friend or sibling (see [34]–[35] below).

Reasons for purchasing the Car and registering it in Wang’s name

25 I also find Xu’s reasons for registering the Car in Wang’s name to be
unconvincing. Despite claiming that he needed a car to meet customers and for
business, Xu never drove the Car for his business purposes and Eastport had
even purchased a car in May 2014, a few months after the Car was purchased,
and which he used. As with the Apartment, Xu could have appointed a
representative, including an Eastport staff, to handle the administrative
matters particularly when the Car was meant also for his Eastport business. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1/7/20 NE 32–33; 7/7/20 NE 99.

26 I accept Wang’s evidence that after she signed the OTP for the Apartment on
12 December 2013, Xu said that he would buy a car for her, and they went to
the car showroom near The Interlace on the same day to look for the model but
it was not available. When Wang saw the Car at the showroom in early January
2014 and Xu told her to buy it, she signed the sales agreement on 14 January
2014. There was no evidence to support Xu’s claim that he decided in November
2013 to purchase the Apartment and in December 2013 to buy the Car. His
evidence that he decided to purchase a car after signing the OTP was more in
line with Wang’s claim that they visited the car showroom on the same day.
Apart from his trip to Singapore from 10 to 13 December 2013, there was no
evidence that he had viewed cars with Wang on a separate occasion. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1/7/20 NE 27–29.

Matters occurring after purchase of the Apartment and Car

27 Next, the matters that occurred after the purchase of the Apartment and Car
also support Wang’s case that Xu had bought them as gifts for her.

28 In Tan Yok Koon ([6] supra) at [107], the Court of Appeal referred to the
rule in Shephard v Cartwright [1955] AC 431 (“Shephard”) that subsequent
conduct in the actor’s favour is inadmissible as evidence to rebut the
presumption of advancement, except for conduct that is so closely connected in
time to the transfer as to be part of the same transaction. However, conduct
against an actor’s favour (eg, demonstrating that the transferor intended to
gift the asset) falls outside the scope of the general rule. The concern is
that a party could advance his own case by making unilateral statements.
However, the Court of Appeal also went on to state (at [110]) that the rule in
Shephard should be relaxed, to treat the parties’ subsequent conduct as
admissible even in their own favour and to leave the court free to assess its
probative weight.

Expressions of gift by Xu

29 Xu admitted that during various quarrels, he had told Wang that the
Apartment and Car belonged to her. He told Wang in chat messages on 23
February 2015 that “your savings are the foundation of your security” and “For
the time being, these are all the things that I can think of to give to you a
sense of security”. He stated in court that his reference to “your savings”
and “all the things” included the Apartment and Car. I disbelieve Xu that he
told Wang the Apartment and Car were hers only because they were in a romantic
relationship and he did not wish to claim ownership over the properties as it
would be inappropriate and would “only deepen [the] conflict” when they were
quarrelling. If so, he could have kept silent instead of saying that the
Apartment and Car were Wang’s. In fact, in a quarrel with Wang in 2016 or
2017, he again told her that the Apartment and Car were hers. Xu’s conduct and
the statements made by him were against his favour and should be accorded
material weight. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

3/7/20 NE 123–128; D’s AEIC at p 369.

30 Xu’s evidence in court also showed that he had intended the Apartment and
Car as gifts to Wang. When queried as to why he had followed Wang to visit her
parents during CNY in 2014, this was his reply: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1/7/20 NE 56.

Q: Was this not because you wanted to spend more time with her and pursue her
as a romantic partner?

A: I have already said, if I really want to pursue her as a romantic partner,
it would not require a long time. I had already paid $3 million for the
property and 500,000 to $600,000 for the car. I really do not need to spend so
much time if I wanted to pursue her as my romantic partner… [emphasis added]

His reply that he need not spend so much time to pursue Wang when he had
already paid so much for the Apartment and Car, showed that he regarded them
as gifts to her and that he wanted to impress her with his extravagant gifts.

Wang’s journal entries

31 Next, Wang’s journal entries support that the Apartment and Car were gifts
to her. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

D’s AEIC at pp 131, 133, 197, 199, 201 and 207.

On 23 December 2013, she recorded, “I have got a house and a car” and “A man
buys a house and a car for you unconditionally within 3 months. This kind of
thing only happens if the two get married on the spur of the moment. But his
man … is now acting like a loved one.” On 4 January 2014, she recorded, “I
have received a lot of wealth … I’m afraid to tell other people that I have a
house and a car, and my car is a sports car”. Similar references were made in
the journal entries on: (a) 4 March 2014, where Wang stated that “He bought a
house and a car for me”; (b) 23 March 2014 where she recorded “I have a home
and a car”; and (c) 19 June 2014 where she recorded “This is my house … and my
car”. In a journal entry dated 5 July 2014, Wang also recorded “the house …
that [Xu] gave me”.

32 I accord weight to the journal entries although I recognise that they were
self-serving. The first few entries were contemporaneous with the purchase of
the Apartment and Car, and the entries made after Wang found out about Wang
Cong and claimed to have discovered (in March or April 2014) that Xu was still
married were consistent with the earlier entries that stated the Apartment and
Car as hers. The journal entries were also consistent with the evidence at the
time of the purchase of, and Xu’s expression of intent with regard to, these
properties (at [29]–[30] above). There was no suggestion that the journal
entries were manufactured.

Evidence of Wang’s father

33 Wang’s father (“Mr Wang”) attested that around late 2013, Wang informed him
that Xu had told her to look for a property for herself and would give her the
money for the purchase, that Xu and she viewed apartments together and Xu then
bought her an apartment, and that on the same day or the next day Xu told her
that he would buy her a car. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Wang Jianhui’s AEIC at [8].

Mr Wang had saved in his phone a photograph of a plan of The Interlace
development (timestamped 13 December 2013) and of a Mercedes Benz (timestamped
5 January 2014). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Wang Jianhui’s AEIC at [14] and pp 38, 40 and 41.

Wang had sent the photograph of The Interlace to Mr Wang contemporaneous to
the purchase of the Apartment and of the car around the time that she claimed
to have viewed the Car and obtained Xu’s permission to buy it. Wang also
produced a receipt for the down-payment for the Car made on 4 January 2014.
These photographs saved in Mr Wang’s phone supported the existence of the
conversation with Wang at the material time.

Romantic interest

34 Next, Xu’s conduct showed that he was interested in Wang as more than just
a close friend or sibling, even before the Relationship began. After a brief
meeting on a flight in 2011, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

30/6/20 NE 36; P’s AEIC at [13], [15]–[18], [22]–[25]; D’s AEIC at [11]–[13].

they reconnected in September 2013 when he essentially tried to assist her
with career opportunities at UOB. Thereafter, they had many close interactions
and together they visited Wang’s parents during CNY in 2014 and visited
various places in China (ie, Shenzen and Xiamen) at the same time. Even prior
to the Relationship, Xu had given Wang many substantial gifts and benefits.
These included: (a) $1,000 and a handphone in 2013; (b) a jade bangle worth at
least RMB500,000 on her birthday in December 2013; and (c) a UOB ATM card
around October to December 2013 linked to his bank account where his salary
from Eastport of $20,000 per month was deposited into. He told her that she
could use the ATM card, and she relied on it for her living expenses. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1/7/20 NE 47–54 and 64; 7/7/20 NE 90–92; 14/7/20 NE 26; D’s AEIC at [13].

When they visited Wang’s parents during CNY in 2014, he paid for her flights
to Shenzhen and Xiamen and the hotel room. Around October or November 2013, Xu
secured employment for her at Eastport where she was employed until June 2016
and was paid $10,000 a month without doing any substantive work.

35 Xu would not have gone to such extent of lavishing Wang with gifts and
benefits even before the Relationship began if he had no romantic interest in
her. I find that he had likewise purchased the Apartment and Car for her and
with the intent of pursuing her.

Parties’ subsequent conduct

36 It is not disputed that Wang had discharged the property tax and
maintenance fees for the Apartment, and the road tax and insurance premium for
the Car, since 2014. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

D’s AEIC at [92(c)] and pp 459–653; 7/7/20 NE 94.

Her conduct was consistent with her belief that the said properties belonged
to her. On the other hand, Xu did not care about such expenses and assumed
that Wang would take care of them using the resources he had given her
including his credit card, ATM card and her Eastport salary. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

P’s Supplementary AEIC dated 26 June 2020 (“P’s 2AEIC”) at [40] and pp 67–72.

In that regard, Wang’s salary at Eastport was hers and there is no evidence
that Xu’s credit card was used to pay for the expenses. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

7/7/20 NE 95–97.

37 Additionally, the chat messages of 25 January 2015 showed that Xu and Wang
regarded Wang as the owner of the Apartment. Wang stated that “the other room”
was “originally meant for [Xu] to stay in” and “[t]hat room was kept for [Xu].
Because [Wang had] asked [him] before.” Wang occupied the master bedroom of
the Apartment. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

P’s AEIC at p 298; 3AB 1079; 1/7/20 NE 4.

Xu’s reply to Wang was merely that he had “never thought of this question”. Xu
also stated in court that Wang had previously asked him whether she should
keep a room at the Apartment for him. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1/7/20 NE 25.

If Xu was the owner and could stay at the Apartment whenever he wished, it was
unnecessary for Wang to ask that question.

38 Likewise, by Xu’s own case, he drove the Car only once, because he was
scolded by Wang for his poor driving skills, became angry and decided to never
drive it again. He then bought another car and registered it with Eastport. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

7/7/20 NE 98–99.

If he were the owner of the Car, there was no reason why he would stop driving
it merely because Wang had commented on his driving skills and resorted to
purchase another car just so that he could use it in Singapore.

Conclusion on the Apartment and Car

39 In conclusion, I find that the evidence supported Wang’s claim that the
Apartment and Car had been purchased for and intended as gifts to her.

Parties’ arguments on the 1st USD Sum

Xu’s version

40 Xu claimed that Wang held the 1st USD Sum on express trust for him, or
alternatively, that a resulting trust arose. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [36] and [70].

41 Xu’s Chinese companies ran into financial difficulties in May or June 2014
and he wanted to insulate Eastport from any risks that might arise. He was
concerned about the risk of Eastport’s business reputation being negatively
affected if he were to remain as its legal shareholder and director, whilst
being the legal representative of his Chinese companies, and wanted to
dissociate Eastport’s business reputation from himself. Xu also wanted to
dissociate Eastport from one Zhang Min (“Zhang”), as she was also a
shareholder of one of his Chinese companies while concurrently a shareholder
of Eastport. At that time, Xu and Zhang held 70% and 15% respectively of
Eastport’s shares. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

P’s AEIC at [79]–[83]; D’s AEIC at [52]; 1/7/20 NE 71; Exhibit P6 at p 1.

42 Xu came up with a plan for Hao to purchase all of his and Zhang’s shares in
Eastport (“the Shares”) and hold them as a nominee with the beneficial
ownership remaining unchanged (“Share Transfer”). The Share Transfer would be
accompanied by consideration to create the impression that the Shares had been
sold to Hao and Hao would be the beneficial owner. Xu would provide the funds
to purchase the Shares. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

P’s AEIC at [84], [87]–[88]; 1/7/20 NE 73, 77 and 89.

He planned to transfer the funds to Wang first and for her to transfer the
same to Hao (“Share Transfer Plan”), as it would be odd if Hao received the
funds directly from Xu for the Share Purchase only to transfer it back to Xu
later. Xu considered Wang as the intermediary for the funds as he trusted her
and thought that she could assist with this in Singapore.

43 The Share Transfer Plan and its details were shared with Wang, Luan and Hao
in Beijing on 29 June 2014 (“Beijing Meeting”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

P’s AEIC at [87]–[88], [91]–[94]; P’s 2AEIC at [66]; 1/7/20 NE 116; Wei
Jinzhi’s AEIC (“Wei’s AEIC”) at [19].

Xu left Luan to execute the Share Transfer Plan (including verifying the
amount needed for the Share Transfer and arranging the funds transfer and
Share Transfer) as Xu was busy dealing with his business in China. Xu told Hao
and Wang to take instructions from Luan. He left his personal UOB chequebook
in Eastport, with pre-signed blank cheques, so that Luan and Stella Ho
(“Stella”), Eastport’s finance executive, could make advance payments from his
UOB account. Xu was unaware of the amount used for the Share Transfer until
Wang updated him around 2 to 7 July 2014 that she had received US$2.6 million
(ie, the 1st USD Sum). Wang also informed Xu that Luan had briefed her on the
transfer of the 1st USD Sum, ie, that she was to pass it to Luan in cash, who
would then pass the same to Hao. Xu told her to follow Luan’s instructions.

44 Around 7 July 2014, Wang informed Xu that she had withdrawn cash to pass to
Luan but he wanted a cheque instead. Xu told her to re-deposit the cash and
wait for Luan’s further instructions on the transfer of the 1st USD Sum to
Hao. Xu trusted that Luan would follow up on the matter, but Luan did not.
Around 10 July 2014, Hao told Xu that he had not received the 1st USD Sum from
Wang. In August or September 2014, Wang also informed Xu that the 1st USD Sum
was still in her UOB account and that there was no follow up from Luan. Xu
told Wang to hold on to the money for temporary safekeeping. At that time, it
was no longer crucial for the 1st USD Sum to be transferred to Hao as the
ripple-on effects from the Chinese companies’ financial difficulties had
already affected Eastport and Eastport would soon be inactive. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

P’s AEIC at [95]–[100]; D’s AEIC at [56].

Wang’s version

45 Wang claimed that the 1st USD Sum was a gift to her. Alternatively, Xu had
represented to her that it was for her and he was estopped from resiling from
the representation. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence at [16] and [28A].

46 Around February 2014, Wang found out about Xu’s relationship with Wang
Cong, and subsequently discovered that he had given Wang Cong a job in
Eastport and bought her the RV Property. In March or April 2014, Wang found
out that Xu had lied about his marital status when he admitted that he was
still married. Due to these, Wang wanted to end the Relationship. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

D’s AEIC at [41]–[46] and [47]–[48].

During a quarrel in early April 2014 over Xu’s marital status, Xu told Wang
that he would be receiving money from Eastport and would give it to her, to
show his sincerity and gratitude for staying with him and to provide her a
sense of security. Wang thus decided to remain in the Relationship. In June
2014, Xu informed Wang again that he would receive money from Eastport and
would give this to her. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

D AEIC at [50]–[52].

47 Although Wang was in Beijing, she did not attend the Beijing Meeting. In
Beijing, Xu said that he wanted to give Wang all his share rights in Eastport,
but Wang did not want them whereupon Xu said that he would just give her money
as promised. Xu said that he would hand to Wang his UOB cheque book, with pre-
signed blank cheques, and he would let her know the amount that he would be
giving her. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

D’s AEIC at [53]; 15/7/20 NE 23–24.

After returning to Singapore, Xu told Wang to write out a pre-signed cheque
for US$2.6 million in her favour. She banked the cheque into her UOB account
around 2 July 2014 and informed Xu. However, after a day or two, Xu suggested
to her that, as a matter of prudence, she should withdraw the money and re-
deposit it into a new account. Around 7 July 2014, Wang withdrew $2.6 million
cash from her UOB account which she re-deposited into that account around 16
July 2014. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

14/7/20 NE 83–84; D’s AEIC at [55]–[56].

Findings on the 1st USD Sum

48 On balance, I find that the three certainties required for an express trust
are established. Xu had transferred the 1st USD Sum to Wang while intending to
retain its beneficial interest and its transfer was merely for the purposes of
her transferring the legal title of that sum onwards to Hao.

Whether Xu had lied to Wang about his marital status

49 Wang claimed that around December 2013, Xu told her that he was a divorcee
with a son, but it was only around March or April 2014 that he admitted to her
that he was still married; Xu then assured her that he would divorce his wife,
and that as a show of sincerity he would give her the 1st USD Sum. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defence at [16]; D’s AEIC at [14] and [19].

Xu claimed that he had told Wang about his wife and son in 2013 when he got in
touch with her after their first meeting in 2011; and he also told Wang’s
father (during CNY in 2014) that he was a married man. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

P’s AEIC at [23(b)], [68] and [70]; 1/7/20 NE 59.

50 There was insufficient evidence to show that Xu had lied to Wang about his
marital status and, in any case, that he had for this reason promised to give
her all his monies from Eastport (or the 1st USD Sum). Whilst Wang had kept a
rather comprehensive and frequent journal of her friendship and the
Relationship with Xu, where she recorded, eg, her hopes, aspirations and
anger, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

14/7/20 NE 9–11, 43.

the records did not show that she had been angry with him at the material time
when she allegedly found out about his marital status, or mentioned that he
had lied about his marital status. This was a notable omission in light of
Wang’s claim that she was angry, very upset and felt cheated by Xu’s alleged
admission that he was married and even purportedly informed Xu that she wanted
to end the Relationship. Instead, she recorded on 23 March 2014 that she was
attracted to Xu’s “masculinity and generosity” and that Xu’s “generosity kept
[her] drifting heart settled down for the time being”. In court, Wang conceded
that the journal entries made no direct reference to Xu’s marital status or
her unhappiness with it. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

14/7/20 NE 42, 47–49, 60–62 and 73; D’s AEIC at [47]–[48] and p 199.

51 Wang’s reliance on Mr Wang’s testimony did not assist her as their evidence
were inconsistent. Mr Wang testified that the first time he learnt that Xu was
married was in end 2014 to early 2015, when his wife told him that Xu had
promised Wang to divorce his wife. Wang however said that it was in March 2014
(after she heard from Wang Cong that Xu was still married) that she informed
her parents of this. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

21/7/20 NE 62–63; D’s AEIC at [47].

Beijing Meeting

52 I accept that Xu had informed Wang of the Share Transfer Plan at the
Beijing Meeting and disbelieve Wang’s claim that Xu had told her that he would
give her the monies from Eastport. The urgency of the Beijing Meeting, given
the unfolding financial difficulties that his business in China was facing,
supports Xu’s account. Wang herself stated that Xu had told her that his
business in China was in trouble and asked her to accompany Luan to Beijing to
meet him whereby Luan and he would discuss business matters, and immediately
“the next day” Luan and she flew to Beijing. Luan and she were in Beijing for
only two to three days. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

D’s AEIC at [53]; 15/7/20 NE 60–61.

It is curious that Xu wanted Wang to meet him in Beijing so urgently and that
she stayed there for only a short time, if the purpose of her trip (as she
claimed) was merely to accompany Xu who was feeling down. I accept Xu’s
evidence that Wang had gone to Beijing with Luan as Xu wanted to brief them on
the crisis he was facing. I find that Xu wanted to share with Wang the Share
Transfer Plan of which he needed her help with, that the meeting was arranged
on short notice as Xu’s entities in China were facing financial difficulties
and he wanted to dissociate himself from Eastport, and that he wanted to
effect the Share Transfer Plan as soon as possible.

53 Hao corroborated Xu that they, Luan and Wang were at the Beijing Meeting,
on what transpired there and on the purpose of the Share Transfer.
Pertinently, Hao stated that Wang was present when Xu informed them of the
Share Transfer Plan and that Xu would arrange for the funds to be transferred
to Wang, to transfer to Hao, who would then return them to Xu eventually. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Hao Huanchun’s AEIC (“Hao’s AEIC”) at [9]–[10]; 8/7/20 NE 36.

54 On the other hand, Wang’s version of how the 1st USD Sum came to be a gift
to her was suspect. She attested that when she was in Beijing on that
occasion, Xu had promised to give her shares and she recorded this in her
journal on 21 June 2014\. However, this journal entry could not have pertained
to the Beijing trip which only occurred around 29 June 2014. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

D’s AEIC at [53]; 15/7/20 NE 19 and 60.

In court, she stated that “the location is different but the content [of her
journal entry of 21 June 2014] is the same”, and later admitted, after some
prevarication, that her journal entries did not mention the Beijing trip and
claimed that Xu told her about the share transfer a week before that trip. I
find this an unconvincing attempt to explain away her inconsistencies. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

15/7/20 NE 16; 21/7/20 NE 16–17.

In any event, I disbelieve Wang that Xu had promised her the 1st USD Sum in
June 2014. By then, he was in the midst of the credit crisis affecting his
interests in China and it was unlikely that he would have wanted to give Wang
some US$2.6 million at that time.

Matters occurring after the Beijing Meeting

55 The contemporaneity of certain subsequent important events supports that
the 1st USD Sum was meant for the Share Transfer Plan. Xu and Zhang’s shares
in Eastport (of 2,100,001 and 450,000 respectively) were transferred to Hao on
30 June 2014, a day after the Beijing Meeting. Xu’s UOB bank statement showed
a sum of US$2,599,971.92 credited into his account on 1 July 2014 (which
cohered with Eastport’s records that showed advance dividends of US$2.6
million paid to Xu on 30 June 2014), and a sum of US$2.6 million withdrawn
from his account on 2 July 2014 (and banked into Wang’s UOB account). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

1/7/20 NE 78; 23/7/20 NE 18–19; P’s AEIC at pp 157–158; Exhibits P2 and P6.

All these occurred within a few days and supports that the Share Transfer Plan
was discussed at the Beijing Meeting and the 1st USD Sum was intended for the
Share Transfer. The quantum of the 1st USD Sum also supports that it was
intended for the Share Transfer Plan. Eastport’s Register of Members reflected
that the amount (purportedly) paid by Hao to Xu and Zhang for the Shares
totalled US$2,550,000 which approximates to the 1st USD Sum. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

P’s 2AEIC at p 94.

56 It is not disputed that Wang was told to withdraw the 1st USD Sum from her
account. On 7 July 2014, she withdrew $2.6 million although she intended to
withdraw US$2.6 million. Wang’s claim that Xu had suggested that she withdraw
and re-deposit the 1st USD Sum into a new account out of an abundance of
caution for her sake is unconvincing. It is unclear why it would be more
prudent to withdraw the 1st USD Sum only to re-deposit it into a new account,
given that any withdrawal and attempt to re-deposit such a substantial sum in
cash would have invited queries and compliance issues with any bank and draw
attention to herself. Wang claimed that possibly Xu had asked her to withdraw
only $2.6 million which, if true, would be at odds with her claim that Xu had
told her to move the 1st USD Sum to another account to play it safe, as some
of that Sum would remain in her UOB account. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

D’s AEIC at [55]–[56]; 15/7/20 NE 42–43.

Instead, I accept Xu’s explanation that Wang was told to withdraw the 1st USD
Sum for the purpose of passing the cash to Luan to pass to Hao for the Share
Transfer Plan. The withdrawal coincided with Hao’s visit to Singapore from 6
to 10 July 2014 shortly after the Beijing Meeting.

Hao’s evidence

57 As stated earlier, Hao corroborated Xu on what transpired in Beijing and at
the Beijing Meeting. He was to hold the shares on Xu’s behalf. Hao then came
to Singapore to assist with the Share Transfer and, whilst here, Luan informed
him that the consideration would be US$2.6 million and that Luan would arrange
the transfer of the 1st USD Sum from Wang to Hao. However, Hao did not receive
any funds from Wang even when he returned to Beijing on 10 July 2014 and had
informed Xu of the same. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Hao’s AEIC at [12]–[13], [17]–[18]; 8/7/20 NE 36–39.

58 I am cognisant that Hao is Xu’s employee. Nevertheless, I find him to be a
credible witness, and I accept his evidence pertaining to the Beijing Trip and
the Share Transfer Plan. I did not see any reason for Hao to lie. He did not
have a vested interest in the Shares or money that was intended to be
transferred to him as he was merely acting under instructions to hold both for
Xu.

59 Mr Lee SC submitted that Hao’s testimony was inconsistent, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at [150]–[152].

as Hao fluctuated on when he first knew that funds would be transferred to him
for the Share Transfer Plan and whether it was Xu or Luan who had first told
him this. However, the apparent inconsistency was due to imprecise
questioning. Hao had stated that it was Xu who had first told him in Beijing
that money would be passed to him for the Share Transfer Plan (although the
specific amount was not mentioned), but it was when Hao was in Singapore that
Luan first told him the amount was US$2.6 million and also first told him that
he was to receive the funds whilst he was in Singapore. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

8/7/20 NE 39–40.

As for Mr Lee SC’s submission that Hao had prevaricated on whether the 1st USD
Sum would be transferred to his account or to him in cash, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at [151].

I find no contradiction as the transfer to Hao’s account could be by cash.

Luan’s absence

60 Mr Lee SC submitted that all of Xu’s evidence relating to Luan’s
involvement in the 1st USD Sum was hearsay as Luan did not testify. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at [137]–[138].

I disagree. Xu had testified on what he himself had said and done (eg, what
transpired in Beijing in June 2014) and what he had heard directly from Wang
such as her conversation with Luan. Hao had also testified on what transpired
at the Beijing Meeting and his trip to Singapore.

Wang’s journal entries and messages with Xu

61 The documentary evidence did not show that the 1st USD Sum (or 2nd USD Sum,
which I will discuss later) was a gift to Wang. Wang admitted that the USD
Sums were not expressly referred to in any chat or journal. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

D’s AEIC at [54]; 16/7/20 NE 19.

Although she referred to various entries made between 2015 to 2017, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

D’s AEIC at [57], [88]–[89] and pp 217, 220, 230, 235, 238, 248 and 250.

they only referred to her receiving money or being wealthy and any mention of
Xu providing for her financially could equally be a reference to other money
and benefits that he had given to her.

62 Pertinently, the 1st USD Sum was not mentioned in Wang’s journal entry on 5
July 2014, recorded just three days after that sum was transferred to her. One
would have expected Wang to have expressed some joy at receiving so much money
as a gift. In contrast, the “house” was mentioned twice, even though she
received the Apartment some seven months prior (in December 2013). It is also
inexplicable that Wang had described herself as suffering and being
disappointed with Xu. These were strange reactions from someone who had just
allegedly received a US$2.6 million gift. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

14/7/20 NE 76, 88; D’s AEIC at p 207.

63 On 27 September 2014, Wang mentioned Xu had satisfied her financially, and
on 23 December 2014 Wang stated that Xu had given her money. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

D’s AEIC at [57] and pp 208–211; 15/7/20 NE 44–45.

These entries, recorded three and six months respectively after the 1st USD
Sum was handed to Wang, are equivocal and could have referred to other moneys
and benefits that he had given to her. Then, on 18 May 2016 Wang stated that
she was fortunate in wealth, and on 24 July 2016 she recorded what was
purportedly Xu’s words to her that “I have given you all of my money.” 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

D’s AEIC at [88] and pp 240–242 and 246; AB 1161.

Again, these statements were neutral and did not mention the USD Sums.

64 Wang then referred to journal entries in 2017, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

D’s AEIC at [88(c)]–[88(g)] and pp 252, 258, 260, 267 and 276.

where she recorded: (a) on 15 January that Xu had given her “so much money
that [she would not] be able to finish spending all of it in [her] lifetime”;
(b) on 13 March that she was grateful for what she possessed, namely “a place
to live, money and car”; (c) on 9 May that Xu gave her “so much money”; (d) on
8 August about how Xu expressed his love for her by giving her money; and (e)
on 29 November, after the Relationship had ended, that “Luckily, I have money
and a house.” However, these entries do not mention the USD Sums.

65 Finally, I refer to a text conversation on 5 September 2016, more than a
year after the 2nd USD Sum was transferred to Wang, that she claimed showed
that the USD Sums were gifts to her. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

D’s AEIC at [85(a)] and [85(b)], and pp 408 to 421

Wang: All the money must be mine.

Xu: If the money is enough to make up for it, that would be good.

Wang: Not enough.

Xu: I don’t even want to have five dollars.

Wang: The children are also mine. Everything is mine.

Xu: What more do you want.

Wang: The companies are also mine. All of them.

…

Xu: Everything is yours.

Wang: I know that you are a deserter of love. You went on to find another
woman, I can understand. Just let me know as soon as possible. I only want
money.

…

Xu: I will give everything to you. You can do what you want.

…

Wang: People will disappoint you! Money won’t! The more the happier!

Xu: I will give everything to you.

Wang: I see through you. You have no money. I thought you were loving. You
weren’t.

…

Wang: You also lie to people… I will not allow other people to hurt me. No
one.

Xu: I agree to your baseline, please give me time to do better.

…

Xu: All the money will be given to you. Everything will be made known to you.
This is the baseline, right?

66 I agree with Xu that he wanted to appease and placate Wang when they were
quarrelling and she was making unreasonable demands, but that did not mean
that he had given or would give her the USD Sums. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

P’s 2AEIC at [107]–[108]; 7/7/20 NE 46–47.

It was not logical that he would give her everything, including his children
and companies. In any case, the conversation did not reflect Xu’s intention at
the time of the transfers of the USD Sums, which transfers took place more
than a year before.

67 As to the lack of records mentioning the 1st USD Sum and the fact that it
was a gift, Wang claimed that Xu had told her to be discreet about the gift
and not to mention it to anyone or in their text chats. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

D’s AEIC at [54].

When it was pointed out to her that no one would read her private diary, she
then claimed that she was concerned about hackers. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

14/7/20 NE 76–77.

I disbelieve Wang that Xu had told her to keep the 1st USD Sum discreet or
that she was concerned about hackers. She did not proffer any good reason for
having to keep this discreet. Wang’s explanation that she was concerned about
hackers only came out in cross-examination, which I find to be an
afterthought. If Xu had wanted to keep the gift discreet, it was strange that
he told her to withdraw the money to re-deposit into a new account, as a flow
of such a huge amount of funds would have attracted undue attention and
compliance issues with the banks (which eventually occurred). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

D AEIC at [56]; 15/7/20 NE 30; 1/7/20 NE 107.

Evidence of Wang’s father

68 Wang also relied on Mr Wang’s evidence. Mr Wang claimed that Xu had: (a)
told him in 2015 that Wang had enough money for her lifetime; (b) told him in
2016 that Xu had already given Wang all his money, had given her US$10 million
and had no money left; (c) on an occasion raised his index finger and said he
had given Wang “this much” which Mr Wang took to mean US$10 million; and (d)
on another occasion told Mr Wang that he had given all that he had to Wang. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Wang Jianhui’s AEIC at [13(a)], [13(c)], [13(d)] and [13(g)].

Whilst Xu admitted to telling Mr Wang that Wang was rich and that he would
look after her, he denied that he had ever told Mr Wang that he had given Wang
enough money to last her a lifetime or that he had given Wang US$10 million or
ever referenced the sums. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

P’s 2AEIC at [109]–[117].

69 I find that Mr Wang’s evidence did not support Wang’s claim on the USD
Sums. I give little weight to his evidence as Xu was not cross-examined on or
asked to verify the truth of that evidence on the 1st (or 2nd) USD Sum. I am
not satisfied that even if Xu had told Mr Wang that he had given Wang US$10
million, that this referred to the USD Sums. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

21/7/20 NE 64.

This is to be contrasted with Mr Wang’s evidence on the Apartment and Car
which was corroborated by pictures sent by Wang to him around the time of
their respective purchases.

Miscellaneous issues pertaining to Xu’s case

70 Finally, I deal with some issues pertaining to Xu’s case on the 1st USD
Sum, raised by Mr Lee SC.

Xu’s pleadings

71 Mr Lee SC submitted that Xu changed key aspects of his pleaded case at the
last minute. Xu first pleaded that Luan had briefed Wang to transfer the funds
to Hao for a business transaction, but then pleaded that Xu had instructed
Wang on the transfer of the funds for the Share Transfer. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

SOC at [18(a)], [19(c)]; DCS at [107] and [132]–[133].

I did not find this to affect my decision. The Share Transfer was an
elaboration of the “business transaction” pleaded originally – Xu explained
that it was just not described in detail initially. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

1/7/20 NE 85–86.

If Mr Lee SC was suggesting that the Beijing Meeting did not take place
because it was only mentioned in the amended statement of claim (“amended
SOC”), 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

SOC at [18(a)]; D’s AEIC at [30] and [53]; 1/7/20 NE 82–83 and 85; 15/7/20 NE
20 and 24; DCS at [135]–[136].

the evidence showed otherwise. Wang had also stated that she and Luan had gone
to Beijing on that occasion for Luan to discuss business matters with Xu at
the time when Xu’s business in China was in trouble.

72 Next, it was submitted that Xu’s pleadings were unclear as to whether the
instructions were to transfer the 1st USD Sum to Hao directly or to Luan first
to pass to Hao. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS at [130].

Again, this is immaterial. It was consistent that Hao was to eventually
receive the 1st USD Sum. Hao had testified that the Share Transfer Plan
included consideration that would emanate from Xu. Xu stated that he left the
details of the Share Transfer Plan to Luan as he was in China and Luan was in
Singapore and he was unaware that Luan had told Wang to withdraw the money to
pass to Luan first. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

P’s AEIC at [91] and [94]; 1/7/20 NE 103.

73 Further, Xu first pleaded that he had instructed Wang to return the 1st USD
Sum to him but she refused, but later pleaded that he had told her to hold the
1st USD Sum for temporary safekeeping. Mr Lee SC submitted that this change in
Xu’s pleadings showed that his instructions to Wang to hold the money
temporarily was an afterthought. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at [154]; SOC at [19].

I disagree. Xu’s pleaded case in the amended SOC (that he first told Wang to
temporarily hold the 1st USD Sum and subsequently asked her to return the sum
on numerous occasions but she refused) was an elaboration of his original
claim (that Wang had refused to return the money despite his request).

74 Next, Xu pleaded that after Wang withdrew $2.6 million, it was Luan who
instructed her to re-deposit it; but later pleaded that he told Wang to do so.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

SOC at [19]; DCS at [134].

This did not affect my findings. Xu was not asked to explain his change of
pleadings. In any case, it could well be that he was initially mistaken or
could not recall who had informed Wang to re-deposit the money. His amended
SOC is consistent with his AEIC.

Share Transfer Plan

75 I turn to examine certain aspects of the Share Transfer Plan. Mr Lee SC
submitted that the Shares could have been transferred to Hao without payment
since it was only a legal transfer. Further, Xu’s explanation that the Share
Transfer Plan could only be completed with consideration being given and that
it was common for share transfers in China to be accompanied by consideration
was unbelievable. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS at [141]–[143].

However, I accept Xu’s explanation that he wanted to transfer the Shares with
consideration to create the impression that he had sold his shares to Hao when
in effect Xu would retain the beneficial ownership. At the material time, Xu
wanted to dissociate himself from Eastport as he was facing financial problems
with his business in China and he did not want his Eastport business in
Singapore to be affected.

76 Next, it was submitted that Xu could have arranged to transfer the funds
directly to Hao or to Luan (instead of Wang) to transfer to Hao. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at [147]–[148]; 7/7/20 NE 103.

I did not find this problematic. Xu wanted to conceal the true source of the
consideration to lend legitimacy to the Share Transfer Plan. As Xu explained,
it would look odd if Hao had received the funds directly from him only to
transfer it back to him. Xu did not want to use Luan as the intermediary as
Luan was Eastport’s general manager and too closely connected to the
transaction. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

7/7/20 NE 6, 102–103.

77 Whilst there may be flaws in the Share Transfer Plan including the
potential ease in which a third party (eg, Xu’s creditor in China) might have
easily seen through it and it was unlikely that someone like Hao could afford
to buy the Shares, I had nevertheless found there to be sufficient evidence to
show that the Share Transfer Plan was intended to be effected (see [52]–[57]
above).

78 Next, Mr Lee SC submitted that the Share Transfer Plan was unbelievable
because if Xu subsequently felt that it did not have to be completed, he could
simply have asked Wang to return the 1st USD Sum. Xu’s claim that the Share
Transfer Plan was not completed as Eastport was soon to be inactive was not
convincing as Eastport remained a live company. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS at [155]–[156]; 2/7/20 NE 60–61.

I did not find it unusual that Xu had asked Wang to safekeep the 1st USD Sum
or that he did not ask for its return immediately or until much later. Xu had
explained that when his business in China was in distress, he was very
stressed and not in a mood to deal with the 1st USD Sum. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

P’s AEIC at [100]; 1/7/20 NE 117–118.

It was also not unusual that he placed assets with others because he reposed
his trust in them; for instance, his legal shareholding in Eastport remains
with Hao. Additionally, whilst in the Relationship, he trusted Wang to
safekeep the money and did not wish to rock the boat, especially given Wang’s
unhappiness that he was still married. Further, Xu had explained that from
late 2014 until 2016, proceedings had been commenced in China against his
business and him. Hence, it was unsurprising that he did not wish to reclaim
the 1st USD Sum from Wang then, to prevent creditors from reaching into his
assets. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

P’s AEIC at [102]–[103]; 2/7/20 NE 62–65.

79 Next, Xu had in 2016/2017 asked for the return of only half of the USD
Sums, which Mr Lee SC submitted was inconsistent with Xu’s claim that all of
the USD Sums belonged to him. Xu had also admitted that he had on an occasion
asked Wang to lend him RMB500,000, from the RMB 1 million that he had given to
her in December 2016. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

2DB 17; DCS at [166]; [217]–[221]; 7/7/20 NE 49.

Xu did not have to borrow money from Wang when he could have asked for the
return of the USD Sums. Xu explained that he wanted to borrow RMB 500,000 as
he needed RMB in China and not US dollars to do his business. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

7/7/20 NE 50.

But this did not mean that he had given the USD Sums to Wang. Xu’s actions of
requesting the return of half the USD Sums or borrowing RMB from Wang must be
seen in the light that he had attempted to obtain part of the USD Sums back
from Wang but to avail and he did not wish to sour the Relationship with her
then (see further [92] below). Pertinently, when asked why he could not have
asked Wang for part of the USD Sums (in relation to another issue), Xu
revealed that he did not wish to do a conversion from US dollars to RMB as it
would “attract checks from the authority”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

P’s AEIC at [198]; 30/6/20 NE 28; 3/7/20 NE 111; 7/7/20 NE 43 and 54.

80 Finally, Mr Lee SC argued that Xu’s delay in bringing his claim showed that
they were gifts; it was only in November 2018 that Xu’s lawyers issued a
demand letter to Wang to claim the return of the Properties. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DCS at [223] to [226].

However, I accept Xu’s reasons for the delay in claiming the USD Sums. At the
material time and after the Relationship ended, Xu had been subject to travel
restrictions by the Chinese authorities which were only lifted in late 2018.
98

##### Foot Note 98

×

7/7/20 NE 55 and 65; P’s AEIC at [202] and [204]; P’s 2AEIC at [147].

In any event, shortly after the Relationship ended, he had in around December
2017 instructed Wang Qiaolian (“Qiaolian”), his lawyer in China, to seek
advice from Singapore lawyers on how to recover the Properties. Qiaolian
attested that she consulted lawyers in Singapore in early 2018 on this issue,
and around 5 November 2018 (shortly after the travel restrictions were lifted
against Xu) she arranged a meeting between the Singapore lawyers and Xu to
seek further advice on the matter. Prior to sending the demand letter, Xu had
also tried to engage with Wang for the return of his moneys. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

P’s AEIC at [203], [204]–[219]; Wang Qiaolian’s AEIC at [16]–[17].

81 Hence, I accept that Xu had sought to recover the USD Sums as soon as he
could. As parties were and had been in the Relationship for almost four years,
it is logical that Xu did not initially wish to take the hard approach to
demand the sums back and wanted to talk things over with Wang instead. His
conduct did not show that he had intended the USD Sums as gifts to her at the
time of transfer or thereafter.

Abandoned claims

82 Mr Lee SC argued that Xu had a habit of asking for the return of properties
even though they were gifts and this included a car he gave to Wang’s father,
RMB 1 million that he gave to Wang and a property in China (“Zhangzhou
Property”) held jointly by Wang and her mother and of which RMB 3 million (ie,
75% of the purchase price) was paid by Xu. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DCS at [81]; 1/7/20 NE 64–65; 7/7/20 NE 52 and 67.

Even if Xu had asked for the return of certain properties, it did not mean
that everything held in Wang’s name were gifts to her. Whether any particular
item was gifted is a question to be determined based on the facts specific to
it. For clarity, I do not make any findings on whether the RMB 3 million or
75% of the Zhangzhou Property was intended as a gift to Wang as Xu has
abandoned this claim.

Conclusion on 1st USD Sum

83 In conclusion, I prefer Xu’s version to Wang’s and find that the 1st USD
Sum was handed to Wang with the express intent that it would be used for the
Share Transfer Plan, with Xu intending to retain its beneficial interest. I
find that there was no intent to benefit Wang with this sum, and even when the
1st USD Sum was not applied towards the Share Transfer Plan.

Parties’ arguments on the 2nd USD sum

Xu’s version

84 Xu claimed that Wang held the 2nd USD Sum on an express trust or a
resulting trust. He had told her that the 2nd USD Sum was for temporary
safekeeping and that it was for him to restart his business. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

SOC at [24]–[25]; PCS at p 42.

From August or September 2014, Xu’s Chinese companies underwent audits, and
actions were commenced against them and Xu. Around end 2014, Xu knew that he
would receive from Eastport dividends accruing from his previous shareholding
(“Dividends”) and his share of profits accruing from Eastport’s futures
trading (“Profit Share”) (collectively the “EP Funds”). He hence explored
options to insulate the EP Funds from risks that may arise from the financial
difficulties that his Chinese companies were facing and to readily access the
funds to start a business outside of China as and when he was ready to do so.
102

##### Foot Note 102

×

P’s AEIC at [101]–[105].

85 In late December 2014 to January 2015, Wei assisted Xu to incorporate a
company in Hong Kong (“HK”), namely Yong Cheng Investment Ltd (“Yong Cheng”),
as a preparatory step to starting a new business outside China with the
incoming EP Funds. In early January 2015, Xu together with Qiaolian and Wang
Wenzhong (“Wenzhong”), another Chinese lawyer, discussed three broad options
for the EP Funds (“the Three Options”) as follows: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

P’s AEIC at [106] and [120].

(a) Change the shareholders of Eastport to Hao and Xu and keep the EP Funds in
Eastport, which Eastport would invest in a new company that would be the main
operating company to start Xu’s new business.

(b) Transfer the EP Funds to a new company in Singapore or HK, which could be
the main operating company for Xu to start his new business.

(c) Transfer the EP Funds to Xu’s trusted associates or friends (including
Wang) to hold as his personal nominee(s) (“Option 3”).

86 Xu updated Wang of the developments and told her that there were risks that
potential creditors of his Chinese companies would still be able to pursue the
EP Funds. Wang was particularly interested in Option 3 and was willing to help
him hold on to the EP Funds. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

P AEIC at [110]–[121] and [124]–[125].

87 Around 18 January 2015, at a meeting in Jinan, China (“Jinan Meeting”), Xu
met Luan, Wei, Stella, Wenzhong, Qiaolian and others, to further discuss his
options. One option was to transfer the EP Funds to a new Singapore company
which would then invest in a HK company that would be the main operating
company for Xu to start his business in HK (“SG-HK Plan”). Xu thought of
making Wang the nominee director and shareholder of the new Singapore company
but did not mention it at the Meeting as he first wanted to check if she was
agreeable. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

P’s AEIC at [129]–[134].

The SG-HK Plan was mooted as Xu was then unsure as to whether a Singapore
entity could be incorporated and who its director would be or whether a HK
bank account could be opened for the HK entity in order for the funds
transfer. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

3/7/20 NE 103–104.

88 That evening, Xu told Wang that he preferred the SG-HK Plan and of his
intention to make her the nominee director in the new Singapore company. Wang
became agitated as she was fixated on Option 3 and was worried about the
personal liabilities of being a director. Xu replied that she could seek legal
advice on this and told her that she may be exposed to the risk of potential
Chinese creditors pursuing her for the funds even if they were stored with
her. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

P’s AEIC at [135]–[140].

89 On 19 January 2015, Eastport approved Xu’s Profit Share of US$8,345,063.
Around the same time, the Dividends were determined to be US$2,805,000. Xu
instructed the EP Funds to be paid to Hao as his nominee, and the pay-outs
were made to Hao several days later. He also told Hao that the funds were to
be used for his business and that he would need Hao to make onwards transfers
to other nominees soon. Prior to this, Xu did not know the amount he would
obtain for the Profit Share and Dividends. On 21 January 2015, Wang asked Xu
how the incoming EP Funds could be transferred to the HK company, and
suggested using underground banks or going through her mother. Xu told her
these options were not viable. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

P’s AEIC at [141]–[142], [145]–[148] and p 203; 3/7/20 NE 25–27.

90 Around 27 January 2015, Xu instructed Wei to go to Singapore to open a
personal bank account to receive the EP Funds, as Xu intended for Hao to
transfer the funds to her for onward transfers, and alternatively for Wei to
incorporate a Singapore company to hold on to the funds. Xu also told Wei that
Wang and Hao would be assisting with the relevant transfers. On 28 January
2015, when Wei was in Singapore, Xu instructed her to open a personal bank
account with UOB, and to consult a corporate secretarial firm on the
requirements to incorporate a Singapore company and on the responsibilities
and liabilities of its resident director(s). The latter was to assuage Wang’s
concerns. Xu shared with Wang the information obtained from Wei, but Wang
remained concerned about acting as a company director. Xu suggested she seek
legal advice and for Wenzhong to go to Singapore to accompany her to meet
lawyers. Wenzhong arrived in Singapore around 2 February 2015. That night,
Wang reiterated her preference for Option 3. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

P’s AEIC at [161]–[164] and [166]–[170]; [171]–[175].

91 On 3 February, Wang updated Xu on her and Wenzhong’s visit to the Singapore
lawyers and said that she was not agreeable to act as Xu’s nominee director.
Xu then instructed Hao to transfer US$9 million to Wei first (being the
remainder of the EP Funds after some US$2 million had been utilised to pay for
expenses). The transfer was done on 3 February. That night, after further
consideration, Xu asked Wei to transfer US$7 million (ie, the 2nd USD Sum) to
Wang for temporary safekeeping and US$2 million from Wei’s Singapore UOB
account to her HK Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) (“ICBC”)
account for Xu’s futures trading (“Final Decision”). Xu conveyed the Final
Decision to Wang and Wei. Wei then made both transfers on 4 February, and the
transfer of the 2nd USD Sum to Wang was completed by UOB bank on 5 February
2015. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

P’s AEIC at [181]–[185].

92 Consistent with his intention that the USD Sums were only entrusted to Wang
for temporary safekeeping, Xu had on at least three occasions during the
Relationship asked her to return some of them to carry out his business. These
were in 2016/2017 when they were holidaying in China but Wang refused, they
ended up quarrelling and she threatened to leave him. Each time, Xu did not
pursue the matter further as he did not wish to sour the Relationship.
Sometime in November 2017 (when the Relationship had ended around 10 November
2017) Xu requested Wang to return half of the USD Sums but she refused. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

P’s AEIC at [196]–[198]; P’s 2AEIC at [143]; 30/6/20 NE 28.

Wang’s version

93 Wang claimed that the 2nd USD Sum was an unconditional gift, and
alternatively, that Xu had represented to her that it was a gift to her and
was estopped from resiling from the representation. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defence at [22] and [28A].

94 Around August 2014, she discovered text messages in Xu’s mobile phone from
other women, which worsened her insecurities about him. Further, he had not
taken steps to divorce his wife, which led to many quarrels. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

D’s AEIC at [20] and [59].

Around December 2014 to early 2015, Xu told Wang that he would be receiving
money from Eastport and he would give it to her as an assurance that he would
divorce his wife, to provide her with a sense of security, and as a show of
his sincerity and gratitude for staying with him. Xu said he would be giving
her around “1000” which she understood as US$10 million. Of this amount and at
Xu’s request, Wang agreed to Xu using about “200” (which she understood as
US$2 million) for his business. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

D’s AEIC at [61].

95 Wang was worried if there would be risks in giving her the money, as Xu’s
business in China was facing problems. Xu assured her that there would be no
risks but subsequently told her otherwise. On 13 January 2015, Xu told her
there would be three steps to transfer the funds to her: (a) change the
shareholders of Eastport to Hao and himself; (b) create a new investment
company at a location to be determined; and (c) transfer the money to her. By
18 January 2015, Wang was quite agitated as Xu then claimed that there were
risks of transferring the money to her. He did not want to subject Wang to
risks by depositing the money into her account directly. Wang then made
enquiries with a lawyer at Drew & Napier LLC (“D&N lawyer”) and also with her
lawyer friend pertaining to the transfer. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

D’s AEIC at [63(e)].

96 Between 21 to 23 January 2015, Wang told Xu to avoid any risks and to first
transfer the money elsewhere (such as to her mother) before routing it to her.
Xu then informed Wang that the money would be transferred to Hao. Between 23
and 28 January 2015, Xu informed Wang that Eastport would be distributing
dividends to him and he would transfer “200 plus” to HK and give her about
“700” as previously agreed. Wang understood these figures to mean US$2 million
and US$7 million respectively. Xu also said that the final plan was to
transfer the sums to Hao’s account, then to Wei’s account, and then to Wang’s
account, all on the same day. Xu told Wang that he had arranged for Wei, Hao
and Wenzhong to go to Singapore to oversee the transfers and for Wenzhong to
advise Wang on any risks of the transfer to her. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

D’s AEIC at [63(e))(iii)], [63(f)], [63(k)].

97 On 2 February 2015, Wang suggested the transfer of the US$7 million from
Hao to her directly, but if this was not possible, the transfer could be made
to Wei and then to her. The transfers of the 2nd USD Sum from Hao to Wei and
then to her were all effected on 3 February 2015, the same day after Wenzhong
had informed her that there would be no risk in her receiving the funds. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

D’s AEIC at [63(l)], [64]–[66]; 17/7/20 NE 22–24.

98 Subsequently on three occasions, around November 2016, CNY in 2017 and
November 2017, Xu asked Wang to lend him a part of the USD Sums. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

D’s AEIC at [75]–[76].

Wang refused and Xu did not thereafter assert any right to the USD Sums.

Findings on the 2nd USD Sum

99 I find on balance that there was an express trust of the 2nd USD Sum as it
was transferred to Wang only for safekeeping, with Xu intending to retain the
beneficial interest. I accept Xu’s explanation that he essentially wanted to
keep the EP Funds out of reach of potential creditors in China at the time
when his business there was facing financial difficulties, and to enable him
to restart his business outside China when he was ready to do so.

Witnesses in support of Xu’s claim

100 Various witnesses corroborated Xu’s account as to the circumstances
leading up to, and his intention for, the transfer of the 2nd USD Sum.

101 Hao attested that around 23 January 2015, Xu told him that the EP Funds
would be transferred to his account in Singapore and he was to transfer the
same to Xu’s nominees which had not been determined then. Xu also told him
that the EP Funds would be used for Xu’s future business 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Hao’s AEIC at [20]; 8/7/20 NE 51.

and to go to Singapore to await instructions on the fund transfer. Hao was in
Singapore from 26 January to 4 February 2014 and Wei and Wenzhong came to
Singapore around the same time. Hao transferred US$9 million to Wei on 3
February 2014. Hao also attested that, just before he returned to China on 4
February 2015, Wei told him that she had transferred part of the EP Funds (the
2nd USD Sum) to Wang for safekeeping and the remainder US$2 million to HK for
Xu’s business. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Hao’s AEIC at [23]–[24], [29]–[31]; 8/7/20 NE 52.

102 Wei attested that in around April 2014, a financial fraud scandal occurred
in China, resulting in a credit crisis which affected Xu’s business. At Xu’s
request to incorporate a company in HK to do business outside China, Yong
Cheng (a shell company) was subsequently bought and transferred to her as
nominee for Xu. She attended the Jinan Meeting where Xu mentioned that he was
due to receive the EP Funds (although the specific amount was yet to be
determined) which he intended to use to start his business outside China. Due
to the financial difficulties surrounding Xu’s Chinese business, several
Chinese lawyers had attended the Jinan Meeting to advise Xu on the options to
transfer or hold the EP Funds, so that he could access them if and when
necessary. The SG-HK Plan was discussed and Xu raised the possibility of
trusted friends acting as his nominee director and shareholder in a new
Singapore company. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Wei’s AEIC at [15]–[17], and [21] to [26].

103 Wei further attested that on 27 January 2015, Xu told her to go to
Singapore to receive the EP Funds from Hao and transfer them onward on his
instructions. She was to open a personal bank account in Singapore to receive
the EP Funds and to incorporate a company in Singapore if necessary. On 28
January 2015, Wei opened a UOB account and visited a corporate secretarial
firm to find out the requirements to incorporate a Singapore company and on
the responsibilities/ liabilities of its resident director(s). 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Wei’s AEIC at [30], [35]–[39].

On 3 February 2015, Xu told her that he had informed Hao to transfer US$9
million to her first, but that he was still considering how the sum would be
further transferred or held. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Wei’s AEIC at [49].

Later that night, he told her of the Final Decision, and she effected the
transfers on 4 February 2015 (see [91] above). Xu told Wei to transfer US$7
million to Wang to “put the money with her” for temporary safekeeping and the
remaining US$2 million into Wei’s account in HK for Xu to use for his futures
trading. At all material times, she understood that the 2nd USD Sum
transferred to Wang belonged to Xu, and that Hao, Wang and she were Xu’s
nominees and assisting him with the relevant transfers. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Wei’s AEIC at [53]–[54] and [56]; 8/7/20 NE 102.

104 Qiaolian attested that her law firm was engaged to advise Xu on how the EP
Funds should be held or transferred, to ensure that they would be readily
accessible for his business outside of China. She corroborated Xu’s evidence
of the Jinan Meeting; and the discussion on the options for the EP Funds, the
SG-HK Plan and the possibility of Xu’s trusted friends or associates acting as
his nominee director or shareholder if a Singapore company were incorporated.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Wang Qiaolian’s AEIC at [6], [8]–[14]; 9/7/20 NE 4–5.

105 The testimonies of Hao, Wei and Qiaolian were materially consistent with
Xu’s on the events leading up to the transfer of the EP Funds and that the
transfer of the 2nd USD Sum to Wang was for temporary safekeeping and to
enable Xu to use the funds later on. I find them to be reliable witnesses,
although Hao and Wei are Xu’s employees. Wei had also made contemporaneous
records which supported her testimony, which I will deal with below. Wei’s and
Qiaolian’s evidence support that Xu was concerned about the option he should
use to either transfer or hold the EP Funds for his future business use, as
opposed to Wang’s case that Xu was concerned with how to gift the monies to
her safely.

Contextual evidence

106 I find that various other circumstances supported Xu’s version over
Wang’s, in relation to the intended purpose of the EP Funds.

Meetings with lawyers

107 The parties had made multiple attempts to consult lawyers. On 2 December
2014, Wang told Xu to “speak with [Wenzhong] before deciding”. Then, in early
January 2015, Xu consulted Wenzhong and Qiaolian. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

P’s AEIC at [106]–[110] and pp 505–506; Defendant’s Supplementary AEIC dated
19 June 2020 (“D’s 2AEIC”) at [7]

On 12 January 2015, Xu informed Wang that Wenzhong was “trying to come up with
a solution”, and on 16 January 2016, Xu told Wang that he would be meeting
Wenzhong and a HK lawyer. On 18 January 2015, Xu informed Wang that she could
also consult lawyers. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

P’s AEIC at [138] and pp 566 and 595; D’s AEIC at [63(d)(i)] and [63(e)(i)];
AB 1165.

Again, on 2 February 2015, Wang said that “Regarding this question, I will
also ask the attorney tomorrow”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

P’s AEIC at p 223.

Finally, Wenzhong had accompanied Wang to meet with Singapore lawyers on 3
February 2015. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

17/7/20 NE 20 to 21; P’s AEIC [178]–[181].

108 Xu claimed that the consultations were to discuss how to transfer or hold
the EP Funds, including the transfer of funds to HK, the requirements of
incorporating a Singapore company, the responsibilities and liabilities of its
resident director and the viability of the SG-HK Plan. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

P’s AEIC [109 to [134], [169]–[172], [181]–[182].

I accept Xu’s version and find that the consultation with lawyers was to
enable Xu to consider how to hold or transfer the EP Funds for his use later
on and to place it out of his creditors’ reach, and to check on Wang being a
nominee director of his new Singapore company. If the purpose of the
consultations was to assess the risk of transferring the EP Funds/2nd USD Sum
to Wang as a gift safely and without risk as she claimed, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

D’s 2AEIC at [7]; D’s AEIC at [61], [63], [64]; 17/7/20 NE 19; 21/7/20 NE
44–45.

there would have been no need for multiple meetings with multiple lawyers in
various jurisdictions. The messages and chats also did not refer to a plan to
ensure the safe transfer of the EP Funds/2nd USD Sum to Wang. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

16/7/20 NE 45, 56.

109 Next, Wang claimed that a D&N lawyer had given her preliminary advice that
she could receive funds from overseas so long as she was not involved in the
overseas dealings that were being investigated and would not be implicated,
and that generally, once given, the money could not be claimed back by third
parties. Wang claimed that she also confirmed this with a lawyer friend (see
[95] above). If these were true, it is inexplicable that she was (according to
her) still worried about the risks of receiving the 2nd USD Sum that she even
required Wenzhong to fly to Singapore to speak to her and accompany her to
consult Singapore lawyers on this. I disbelieve that Wang had sought the
advice of a D&N lawyer regarding the matter as she claimed. It was unlikely
that the lawyer, whom Wang did not even meet and whose name she claimed she
could not recall, would have given her preliminary legal advice over the
telephone. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

16/7/20 NE 69–70; 17/7/20 NE 18.

110 I also disbelieve Wang that Wenzhong’s trip to Singapore was to advise her
on the risks of receiving the 2nd USD Sum safely, 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

D’s AEIC at [63(k)].

when they could have communicated via telephone or teleconferencing. Wang’s
explanation that she would have a “clearer understanding of the issues” if she
spoke to him “face-to-face” is unconvincing, 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

17/7/20 NE 19.

given that she had been communicating with Xu on many important matters via
skype and over the phone, and even claimed to have sought advice from a D&N
lawyer over the phone. I accept Xu’s explanation that Wenzhong accompanied
Wang to visit Singapore lawyers to check on the responsibilities and
liabilities of being a director of a Singapore company.

Preparatory steps made by Xu and circuitous route of transfer

111 Xu and Wei gave coherent testimonies about the preparatory steps taken for
Xu to start a new business in HK, which support Xu’s case that he wanted to
set aside the EP Funds for his subsequent business. They testified that Wei
had, on Xu’s instructions: 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Wei’s AEIC at [15]–[40], [47]–[53]; P’s AEIC at [106]–[108], [133], [142],
[159]– [165], [178]–[185]; 8/7/20 NE 76–77.

(a) caused Yong Cheng’s transfer to her (as Xu’s nominee); (b) opened a
personal ICBC bank account in HK; (c) applied for a corporate Yong Cheng bank
account (although bank approval could not be obtained to open the account);
(d) opened a futures trading account in HK; (e) consulted a corporate
secretarial firm in Singapore on the requirements to incorporate a Singapore
company and on the responsibilities/liabilities of its resident director; and
(f) transferred US$2 million to her ICBC bank account.

112 Wang’s explanation, that Xu wanted to transfer the EP Funds to HK so that
it would be easier for one “Teacher Yang” to operate the HK bank account to
route the funds to her, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

D’s AEIC at [63(f)].

did not make sense. It was unclear why the money had to route through Teacher
Yang, when Xu had trusted associates such as Hao and Wei and through whom the
moneys were eventually transferred. In addition, if the 2nd USD Sum was meant
as a gift to Wang, there was no need to transfer it to Wei (from Hao) to
transfer to Wang. Wang implicitly acknowledged that this circuitous route did
not make sense, as she claimed to have suggested a simple transfer from Hao
directly to her. She was unable to explain this circuitous route, merely
claiming that Xu wanted to “play it safe”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

D’s AEIC at [63(l)(iv)] and [64]–[66].

113 Also, if Wang had purportedly been informed by a D&N lawyer and her lawyer
friend that it would be safe to receive the money as a gift, the circuitous
routes above, the parties’ discussion on incorporating a company to receive
the money, or even her subsequent suggestion of transferring the money to an
underground bank or to her mother first, would have been unnecessary. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

16/7/20 NE 70, 72, 73, 78.

I accept that Xu had first transferred the US$9 million to Wei on 3 February
2015 (before the onward transfer of the 2nd USD sum to Wang on 4 February
2015) because he was, until the night of 3 February 2015, undecided on how the
moneys should be held. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

P’s AEIC at [182].

13 January 2015 chat

114 Finally, I deal with a chat between Xu and Wang on 13 January 2015: 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

P’s AEIC at [120]–[121] and p 176; D’s AEIC at [63(c)] and p 348.

Xu: First, change the shareholders to Xiao Hao and I

Xu: Second, create a new investment company. The location is to be determined
…

Xu: Third, transfer …

…

Wang: What do you think? …

Wang: The steps for the plan? …

Xu: There is no better way, can only control temporarily …

115 I accept Xu’s explanation that the chat referred to the Three Options (see
[85]–[86] above) and disbelieve Wang that she “understood” Xu to mean that
these were the three steps to transfer the funds to her (see [95] above). If
the money would be given to Wang, there was no need to change Eastport’s
shareholders or incorporate a new company just so that the EP Funds or part of
it (which emanate from Eastport, a Singapore entity) could be transferred and
given to her. It was also Wang who referred to the three points as “steps” in
the chat. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

2/7/20 NE 103; 21/7/20 NE 36–37.

116 Mr Lee SC submitted that the Three Options made no sense and Xu could not
coherently explain the purpose of the options – for instance, the options did
not mitigate the risks of creditors going after Xu’s moneys. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DCS at [174]; 2/7/20 NE 96–98.

But this misses the point. When the Three Options were suggested, Xu was
exploring ways to move some of his moneys out of reach of his creditors or
potential creditors. This did not mean that the proposed plans, which details
would not have been completely thought through let alone finalised, were or
had to be fool proof or did not carry risks – Xu himself was cognisant of
this. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

2/7/20 NE 96–98; P’s AEIC at [121].

Documentary evidence to support Xu’s account

117 The documentary evidence supported Xu’s account, including the contents of
the Jinan Meeting and that Xu was contemplating options on the transfer of the
EP Funds to achieve his intended business purposes.

Wei’s work journal

118 Wei kept a personal work journal with a contemporaneous record of her work
and in the event that follow-up was required. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Wei’s AEIC at [7]; 8/7/20 NE 63.

I had examined the original journal in whole and observed that the journal
entries were generally organised chronologically by date. I had no reason to
doubt that the entries were genuine.

119 Wei’s journal supported Xu’s and her testimonies on various matters.
First, it recorded the matters that happened at the Jinan Meeting. Wei
explained that she did not bring her journal to the meeting but entered a
record of this meeting shortly after, which I had no reason to disbelieve. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Wei’s AEIC at [20] and exhibit WJZ-2; 8/7/20 NE 72–73.

Second, on 28 January 2015, Wei recorded that she had visited UOB Bank to open
a personal bank account, and also visited a corporate secretarial firm. She
also recorded key points on the requirements of setting up a company and the
role of the directors. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Wei’s AEIC at p 30.

This corroborated Xu’s account that he had instructed her to come to Singapore
to open a personal bank account to receive the EP Funds or to incorporate a
Singapore company to hold the funds. Third, in an entry on 3 February 2015,
she recorded that “[Wenzhong] and [Wang] went to the law firm at 11:30am” and
“Decided that I would personally establish a company, [Wang] will be Director,
inject capital of 2 million. The rest is transferred to [Wang]”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Wei’s AEIC at p 31.

This supports that Xu had told Wei of the plan to incorporate a company in
Singapore with a share capital of US$2 million, and further lends support that
Xu had thought of using Wang as his nominee director and told her so despite
Wang’s denial that Xu had informed her as such. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Wei’s AEIC at [47]; P’s AEIC at [178]; 16/7/20 NE 59.

120 At the end of the same entry, Wei had drawn a flowchart as follows:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Wei attested that the portion which showed “Hao”, “Wei”, “Wang 700” and “Wei
HK 200” with the corresponding arrows were recorded on 3 February 2015 after
Xu had called to tell her the Final Decision 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

8/7/20 NE 100–101.

regarding the US$9 million, ie, that US$7 million was to be transferred to
Wang for temporary safekeeping and US$2 million was to be transferred onwards
to HK. This supports Xu’s version that he had informed Wei of the Final
Decision (see [91] above). I had no reason to disbelieve how she had kept a
record on this matter.

Wei’s loose-leaf letter

121 Wei produced a loose-leaf letter that contained her handwritten notes
(“Notes”) made at the Jinan Meeting, which she kept with her work journal. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Wei’s AEIC at pp 42–47; 8/7/20 NE 63, 81–82.

The translated version of the Notes is reproduced here:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

122 Wei explained that the Notes recorded the SG-HK Plan and the transfer of
funds, and Xu’s name appeared in brackets beside “Hao” as Hao would be the
nominee shareholder of Xu’s Eastport shares. The arrow from “Wei/ Hao” to
“incorporate a company” was a suggestion made at the Jinan Meeting that Hao or
Wei would be Xu’s nominee for the new Singapore company and the funds would be
transferred from Hao to it. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

8/7/20 NE 86–89.

These support that the SG-HK Plan was discussed at the Jinan Meeting and that
Xu had plans to transfer funds to a newly incorporated company to be held on
his behalf. I accept that the Notes were recorded by Wei at the material time
and I did not find anything to suggest that they were manufactured for the
purposes of the Suit.

Bank statements

123 Wei’s and Wang’s bank statements showed that US$7 million was transferred
from Wei to Wang on 5 February 2015. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

P’s AEIC at p 235; Wei’s AEIC at exhibit WJZ-7.

This supports Xu’s version that he made the Final Decision only on the night
of 3 February 2015 and did not come to a conclusive landing on the EP Funds
until then, and that Wei effected the transfer of the 2nd USD Sum only on 4
February 2015 which transfer into Wang’s account was completed on 5 February
2015. The dates of the transfer contradicts Wang’s account that the transfer
was made on 3 February 2015 (see [97] above) and disproves her version that Xu
conveyed the “final plan” to her in late January 2015, ie, that the EP Funds
would be transferred to Hao’s Singapore account, then to Wei’s Singapore
account, and finally to Wang’s Singapore account, all on the same day.

18 January 2015 chat

124 A skype chat on 18 January 2015 where the parties had referred to
“keeping” the EP Funds in Wang’s bank account, supports Xu’s case. Xu said:
“You think keeping [it] in your account will bring peace of mind? I don’t want
to bring the risk(s) to you”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

3AB at p 1165; 16/7/20 NE 61–62.

Wang replied: “Then, what you previously said, about wanting to keep [it]
here. Why did [I] not hear you say that there [would] be risk(s)”. In the same
chat, Wang then stated: “Only now do you yourself know that there are risks
with the money belonging to you”, and then asked: “Keeping in my account –
that’s not safe, is it?” The messages as a whole suggest that Xu intended to
transfer the money to Wang only for safekeeping. The chat also supports Xu’s
assertion that Wang was keen on Option 3 to hold the EP Funds directly, and
she thus became agitated when he said that he did not want to bring risks to
her by keeping the monies in her account. Wang’s claim, that her agitation was
because Xu was now backtracking on his earlier position that the transfer of
the money would not carry risks, was not convincing as she had known of these
risks even by 12 January 2015, before this chat. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

16/7/20 NE 51 and 60.

125 Mr Lee SC submitted that Wang’s exclamation in the same chat that the
money was “not for [her]” and that “It’s for [the entire family]”, showed that
Wang wanted the money to be kept for the family that they planned to set up
together. He also submitted that Xu had not, in that chat, informed Wang about
the SG-HK Plan and his intention to use her as a nominee director of the
Singapore company. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

DCS at [181]; D’s AEIC at [63(e)(ii)]; 3/7/20 NE 41.

I disagree. Xu had stated that, before that chat, he had called Wang on the
same day to share with her the possibility of the SG-HK Plan. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

P’s AEIC at [135]–[137].

In any event, the chat did not show that Xu had intended the 2nd USD Sum to be
a gift to Wang. Wang’s exclamation could equally be a recognition by her that
the money was not hers but Xu’s, since, as Mr Lee SC submitted, Wang wanted it
to be used for their future family and did not want Xu to use it for his
business. In fact, Wang had said to Xu that there were risks with the money
“belonging to [Xu]” (see [124] above).

Evidence that Wang relied on to support her case

126 I turn then to some of Wang’s assertions to support that the 2nd USD Sum
was a gift from Xu to her. I find that they are not credible.

127 Wang claimed that Xu had wanted to give her the 2nd USD Sum to allay her
insecurities as he had still not divorced his wife, and it was also following
from his earlier promise to give her all his money. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

15/7/20 NE 61–63; D’s AEIC at [60].

If the 2nd USD Sum had been a gift to resolve Wang’s anxiety about marriage,
the quarrels should have largely been resolved after the transfer. Wang agreed
that if she had received US$9.6 million by early February 2015 (ie, the USD
Sums), her insecurity would have had been assuaged to a very large extent. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

17/7/20 NE 26.

Yet, the chat records show that Wang quarrelled with Xu on 23 February 2015,
less than three weeks after the 2nd USD Sum was transferred to her. Wang
admitted this was a quarrel over Xu’s marriage and she had still been feeling
insecure then. On the same day, Wang recorded: “It may be better to leave…
Leaving is the best option … I do not want to quarrel anymore ... This is the
end of the relationship”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

D’s AEIC at [68] and pp 215 and 369; 17/7/20 NE 26–27.

Wang’s feelings towards Xu (including contemplating leaving him) was
inconsistent with a person who had just received US$7 million purportedly as a
gift to assuage her anxieties over his marital status. Indeed, Wang agreed
that there was no documentary evidence including chat messages to show that Xu
had expressed an intent to give her US$7 million or the 2nd USD Sum. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

15/7/20 NE 80–81; 16/7/20 NE 19, 52; 17/7/20 NE 12–13; D’s 2AEIC at [7].

128 Next, Wang relied on a 23 January 2015 chat: 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

D AEIC at [63(j)(ii)]; AB at pp 1169–1170.

Wang: You want to take all the money to do things?

Xu: Transfer first. Let’s talk again when [it’s] as safe as it can possibly
be.

…

Xu: We’ll go according to your arrangements once [it’s] safe. (After safe,
follow your arrangement. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

23/7/20 NE 20.

)

Xu: Okay, wifey?

Wang: Okay.

Xu: Aren’t I very obedient?

…

Wang: It’s not that [we’re] going according to my arrangements. It’s that
[we’re] proceeding based on what we said previously. Isn’t it?

Xu: Yes.

Wang: A home needs reasonable planning … Like a city … If [we] want a family …
There must be planning

Xu: That’s a must. Anything you say, wifey.

[Words in square brackets added by translator based on context but were not in
the original Chinese text. Words in parentheses and italics were translated in
court.]

129 Wang claimed that the words “proceeding based on what we said previously”
referred to previous assurances from Xu that he would unconditionally give her
the money to provide her a sense of security, and her stated intention to use
the money for their family. Xu claimed that this referred to the arrangement
to place the money in Wang’s account if he could not register a company, and
that “safe” was referring to him being safe. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

D’s AEIC at [63(j)(ii)]; 3/7/20 NE 73–74; 8/7/20 NE 24–26.

I find the chat to be ambiguous. Wang’s explanation that “as [Xu] was not
using the money for his business, then he should keep to his promise to give
me the money, rather than merely having arrangements according to my wishes”
[emphasis added] was inconsistent with her claim that Xu had already informed
her that the money would be hers. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

17/7/20 NE 6–7; D’s AEIC at [63(j)(ii).

130 Wang also claimed that sometime between 23 and 28 January 2015, Xu had
told her that he would be receiving US$10 million but that he would use around
“200 plus” and give her around “700” (see [96] above). However, this is but
her oral evidence. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

16/7/20 NE 15–19.

She also stated that by 28 January 2015, Xu told her that he would receive
US$8.345 million and US$2.805 million from Eastport. If Xu had earlier
promised to give Wang all his money from Eastport as she claimed, it is
strange that she did not object to him using the “200 plus”. In fact, from the
US$11 million, Xu transferred US$2 million to Wei and used another US$2
million to pay for expenses, without needing Wang’s permission. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

P’s 2AEIC at [81].

131 Notably, in Wang’s journal entry on 23 February 2015, the earliest entry
after the 2nd USD Sum was transferred, there was no mention of her receiving
this sum as a gift. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

D’s AEIC at [68] and p 215.

Wang claimed that a chat message on 23 February 2015, where Xu stated that her
“savings are the foundation of [her] security” and that “these are all the
things I can think of to give to you to give you a sense of security”, showed
that Xu had given her the USD Sums. However, Xu denied this (although he
conceded that this was a reference to the Apartment and Car (see [29] above)),
and Wang’s claim is not borne out by the chat.

132 I had earlier also rejected Wang’s reason for not mentioning the USD Sums,
ie, that Xu wanted her to keep it discreet and she was afraid of hackers (see
[67] above). Pertinently, Wang did not state in her Defence or AEIC that she
was also told by Xu to keep the 2nd USD Sum discreet, and this explanation
only came out in cross-examination. Also, if Xu wanted her to keep the 2nd USD
Sum discreet, it did not make sense for him to transfer the money to her
through various intermediaries or to ask her to seek legal advice on the
transfer. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

16/7/20 NE 62–63; 21/7/20 NE 30.

133 Finally, Wang said that she attended an information session (“Session”)
for the Singapore Management University Master of Science in Wealth Management
programme (“Masters Programme”), as she wanted to learn to manage her wealth
given the substantial sum she was expecting to receive in addition to the 1st
USD Sum, Apartment and Car. This did not assist her case. She attended only an
information session and did not enrol for the Masters Programme. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

D’s AEIC at [62] and [91(a)].

Also, prior to attending the Session, she had received substantial benefits
from Xu including the Apartment and Car and a monthly salary from Eastport,
which could have been the impetus to sign up for the Session.

Whether discussion on the Three Options and SG-HK Plan were fictitious

134 I next deal with Mr Lee SC’s assertion, which I find were not made out,
that the Three Options and the SG-HK Plan were fictitious.

135 First, Mr Lee SC submitted that Xu’s decision to transfer the 2nd USD Sum
to Wang for temporary safekeeping only after “serious consideration” on the
night of 3 February 2015 contradicted his testimony that by 12 January 2015 he
had already told Wang that he would receive money from Eastport and would put
it with her. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

P’s AEIC at [183]; DCS at [170]–[172].

I did not find any material contradiction. Xu had explained that at 12 January
2015, the option of keeping money with Wang had not been finalised and he was
still considering the most suitable way of dealing with the money from
Eastport. In any case, as Xu stated, this did not mean that he intended to
give it to her, as opposed to putting it with her for safekeeping. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

2/7/20 NE 82–87.

136 Second, it was submitted that Xu’s plans, if true, boiled down to
eventually putting the money in a new entity, and that it was unnecessary for
Wang to hold the 2nd USD Sum when it could be placed with Hao as Xu did put
the EP Funds with him initially. Xu explained that the Dividends were paid to
Hao first as Hao was the nominee shareholder and the Profit Share due to Xu
was also to be transferred to Hao initially because Xu’s bank account could
not be used then. I accept that Xu wanted to subsequently transfer the EP
Funds (minus amounts used for expenses) from Hao onwards and in particular
some of it to Wang because he was then in love with her and trusted her with
his money. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

DCS at [173]; 2/7/20 NE 90–91; 3/7/20 NE 47–49.

Xu’s plan of dissociating the EP Funds from himself and Eastport (including
Hao who was a director) was logical and his conduct must be seen in light of
his overall objective to move his money out of his creditors’ reach and for
his future use.

137 Third, it was submitted that Xu’s evidence that the SG-HK Plan was
discussed at that Jinan Meeting was untrue and contradicted by Qiaolian’s
testimony at trial. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

DCS at [174].

However, Qiaolian did not contradict Xu’s evidence. She clearly stated in her
AEIC that the SG-HK Plan and other options were discussed at the Jinan
Meeting. Whilst she could not recall the details of the discussion, she
attested that Xu had mentioned the incorporation of a Singapore company and
the fund transfer from Eastport to a new entity. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Wang Qiaolian’s AEIC at [11]–[12]; 9/7/20 NE 9–10.

In any case, Wei corroborated that the SG-HK Plan was discussed at the Jinan
Meeting.

138 Fourth, Mr Lee SC submitted that it unbelievable that, after intensive
discussions on the Three Options and the SG-HK Plan with lawyers, Xu then
decided to simply transfer the 2nd USD Sum to Wang and US$2 million to Wei.
This showed that Xu could have simply transferred the EP Funds to the same HK
account. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

DCS at [175].

However, it was not unusual that Xu had wanted to first utilise US$2 million
for his futures trading in HK and to place the rest (the 2nd USD Sum) with
Wang for safekeeping. He did not wish to place so much money all at once as
capital into the new company, and Yong Cheng also could not open a bank
account in HK. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

2/7/20 NE 91 and 92; 3/7/20 NE 52, 105–107 and 110.

As for Xu settling on the Final Decision, he had attested that Wang had been
concerned about acting as a company director and it was only on 3 February
2015 and after she and Wenzhong had visited Singapore lawyers that she then
told Xu that she was not agreeable to act as a director. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

P’s AEIC at [166] and [181]; 3/7/20 NE 90, 96, 98, 102–103, 108.

139 Whilst Mr Lee SC attempted to point to various chat messages on 21, 22 and
23 January 2015 between Xu and Wang 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

DCS at [179]–[183].

to show that there were no conversations on the Three Options or SG-HK Plan,
this did not assist Wang’s case that the converse (ie, that the 2nd USD Sum
was a gift to her) was true.

Conclusion on the 2nd USD Sum

140 In conclusion, I prefer Xu’s case over Wang’s and accept on balance that
the 2nd USD Sum was transferred to Wang for safekeeping.

141 In particular, I find that: (a) Xu had informed Wang that the 2nd USD Sum
was for temporary safekeeping so that he could restart his business in future;
(b) Xu had kept Wang updated on the Three Options and the SG-HK Plan (despite
Wang denying that she knew about this) 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

16/7/20 NE 59.

and discussed these options with her; (c) the Jinan Meeting occurred and the
attendees discussed how the EP Funds should be transferred to fulfil Xu’s
intended purpose of using them for his future business; (d) Xu had informed
Wang of the possibility of incorporating a Singapore company and for her to be
the nominee director; (e) Wang had sought legal advice to find out about
potential liabilities of being a nominee director; and (f) the subsequent
transfer of the EP Funds to Hao and then to Wei and Wang was in accordance
with Xu’s Final Decision.

142 As to Xu’s reason for borrowing money from Wang, his delay in taking
action to reclaim the 2nd USD Sum and Mr Wang’s evidence in relation to the
2nd USD Sum, I repeat my findings at [68] to [69] and [78] to [81].

143 As I have found that the USD Sums are held on express trust for Xu, I need
not consider the issue of resulting trust. In any event, my findings also lend
to a case of a resulting trust if an express trust was not made out, as I have
found on the evidence that the transfers of the USD Sums were not intended to
benefit Wang. Contrary to Mr Lee SC’s submissions, there is nothing to prevent
a resulting trust from applying in respect of moneys (see Westdeutsche
Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council [1996] AC 669 at
689; Lim Ah Leh v Heng Fock Lin [2018] SGHC 156 at [6] finding that there was
a presumed resulting trust over monies).

Estoppel

144 Wang relied alternatively on estoppel by representation and by
acquiescence, essentially arguing that subsequent to the transfer of the USD
Sums: (a) Xu represented to her that they had been given to her; and (b) Xu
represented to her that she was free to spend the sums. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

DCS at [38] and [189]; Defence at [14A] and [28A]; Email from Defence Counsel
dated 23 October 2020.

I deal only with the USD Sums as I have found that the Apartment and Car were
gifts to Wang.

145 Wang claimed, for instance, that these representations were made: 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

D’s AEIC at [85].

(a) From 2015 to 2017, Xu told her that the USD Sums were hers and she could
spend them, and that he would give her even more money than what he had given
to her. In the chat message of 5 September 2016 (see [65] above), Xu told her
that everything was hers.

(b) Xu had told Wang’s parents in 2016 that he had already given Wang enough
money to last her a lifetime and used his index finger to indicate the amount
which she understood to mean as US$10 million which was approximately the sum
total of the USD Sums.

(c) On one or two occasions in 2015 or 2016, Xu told Mr Wang in Wang’s
presence that she was a wealthy lady and had money.

146 Wang claimed that as a result of Xu’s representations: (a) she had spent
some of the USD Sums to purchase a piano in around July 2016 costing about
$20,000 (“the Piano”) and a membership at the Sentosa Golf Club around
September to November 2017 for about $280,000 (“Club Membership”); and (b) she
stayed in the Relationship and did not pursue a career or further her
education and hence she is now significantly disadvantaged in this regard. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Defence at [28A].

147 Estoppel by representation is traditionally understood to be an evidential
doctrine, which primary purpose is to set up the facts against which the
parties’ rights and liabilities will be determined. It is unlike promissory
estoppel, which is a substantive doctrine, the immediate object of which is to
adjust the parties’ rights (The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang
Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“Phang”) at para 04.101).
Estoppel by representation requires representation of an existing fact (Phang
at para 04.101). Wang must prove that Xu had represented to her the fact that
the sums had been gifts to her. The representation must be clear and
unambiguous and Wang must show that she relied on it to her detriment (United
Overseas Bank Ltd v Bank of China [2006] 1 SLR(R) 57 at [18]; Sean Wilken QC &
Karim Ghaly, The Law of Waiver, Variation and Estoppel (Oxford University
Press, 2012) at para 9.32).

148 I find that Wang has failed to prove estoppel by representation. She has
failed to prove that the alleged representations were made or that she had
relied on them to her detriment. There is no evidence of any conversation
between 2015 and 2017 in which Xu had told Wang what she claimed at [145(a)]
above, which Xu in any event denied. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

P’s 2AEIC at [105].

The chat message of 5 September 2016 did not refer, nor show that their
conversation related, to the USD Sums. The chat message could equally refer to
the other moneys or benefits which Xu had given to Wang. I am also not
satisfied that Wang has proved that Xu made the remarks that she claimed at
[145(b)] above. Even if Xu had used his index finger to indicate the amount
given to her, he did not expressly mention any figure and it is unclear what
amount Xu’s index finger represented. I also reiterate [68]–[69] above. As for
the other representations alleged by Wang, although Xu admitted to informing
Wang’s parents that she was a wealthy lady, 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

P’s 2AEIC at [116].

and even assuming that Xu had said that Wang was rich, had a lot of money, or
words to that effect, these statements are ambiguous and did not expressly
refer to the USD Sums.

149 I also find that Wang has not shown evidence that she relied on the
representations such that she then decided not to pursue a career or further
her education. On the contrary, she had, even before the 1st USD Sum was
transferred to her, been content to live off Xu. Her journal entries and chats
with Xu showed that she was more interested in pursuing her passion and
hobbies rather than any career or education. As early as 23 March 2014, she
recorded that she now had the money to pursue any passion, 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

D’s AEIC at p 199.

and whilst employed at Eastport she did not do any substantive work. Although
she claimed to want to learn to manage her new-found wealth, she did not take
any action to sign up for the Masters Programme.

150 However, I accept that estoppel by acquiescence partially assists Wang.
Acquiescence is an instance of the defence of estoppel (Genelabs Diagnostics
Pte Ltd v Institut Pasteur and another [2000] SLR(R) 530 at [76]; Nasaka
Industries (S) Pte Ltd v Aspac Aircargo Services Pte Ltd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 817
at [69]–[70]). The defence applies where a person who has a right sees another
person about to commit, or in the course of committing, an act infringing that
right, but stands by in such a manner as to induce the person committing the
act and who might otherwise have abstained from it, to believe that he
consents to its being committed; a person so standing-by cannot afterwards be
heard to complain of the act.

151 I find that Xu had acquiesced to the use of the USD Sums for Wang to
purchase the Piano and the Club Membership, and as such is estopped from
claiming the amounts that Wang expanded for these purchases. Wang claimed that
around 28 June 2016 she told Xu that she would be buying a piano which cost
around $80,000 and Xu replied that it was alright so long as she liked it. She
ultimately bought the Piano at around $20,000. Wang also claimed that she had
kept Xu appraised of her intention to purchase the Club Membership and the
payments made in respect of it, and although Xu knew or would have known that
she used the USD Sums for this, he did not say anything. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

D’s AEIC at [91(c)] and [91(d)].

152 I find that Xu had represented to Wang by his words and conduct that he
was agreeable with her using his monies, which were at that time kept with
her, to purchase the Piano and Club Membership. Xu admitted that Wang had
discussed with him about the Piano prior to the purchase and he believed that
she would have used his money for the purchase, whereupon he told her to
“carry on”. Likewise, Xu admitted that he had not objected to Wang buying the
Club Membership when she told him about her intention to purchase it, and he
must have had known that the reason she discussed this intended purchase with
him was because she wanted to use his money. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

P’s 2AEIC at [138]–[140] and p 148.

I also find that Xu’s conduct had induced Wang to then purchased the Piano and
Club Membership. However, the amount that Xu should be estopped from claiming
in relation to the Club Membership is $200,000. Xu claimed that Wang had given
him a rough estimate of the Club Membership as $200,000, and Wang has not
rebutted Xu’s claim or shown evidence that Xu had acquiesced to the full cost
of it at $280,000. The acquiescing party must be aware of the acts to be
committed, because one cannot acquiesce to something one does not know (Tan
Yong San v Neo Kok Eng and others [2011] SGHC 30 at [117]). If Xu is taken to
have acquiesced to Wang purchasing a club membership at $280,000 just because
he had acquiesced to her purchasing the Club Membership which she had informed
him would be about $200,000, it would lead to a slippery slope where he could
be taken to have acquiesced to Wang purchasing it at a far larger amount or of
any amount and there would be no principled way to draw the line.

Conclusion

153 In my view, it is not inconsistent that Xu had intended the Apartment and
Car, but not the USD Sums, to be gifts to Wang. When the Apartment and Car
were purchased, there was no evidence that Xu’s business in China was facing
financial difficulties. By the time the USD Sums were arranged to be moved
from Xu to Wang, his business in China was facing serious financial problems
and it was unlikely that he intended to part with a substantial amount of
US$9.6 million by gifting it to Wang at that time. More likely, he intended
her to keep it for him first for his future purpose.

154 Hence, I dismiss Xu’s claims for the Apartment and Car, but I allow his
claims on the USD Sums after deducting $220,000 which I find Wang had applied
towards the Piano and Club Membership with Xu’s acquiescence. I also order Xu
to remove the caveat lodged against the Apartment. As the trial was not
bifurcated, Wang’s counterclaim for damages resulting from the caveat lodged
is dismissed, as she has not adduced any evidence of the loss suffered or the
amount thereof due to the caveat so lodged.

155 I will hear parties on costs.

Audrey Lim  
Judge

Tan Chee Meng SC, Jenny Tsin, Ho Wei Jie and Ephraim Tan Hui Rong
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;

Lee Eng Beng SC, Jeremy Gan Eng Tong, Doreen Chia Ming Yee and Tao Tao (Rajah
& Tann Singapore LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Nov 2020 (11:31 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

