Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCR 02

Suit No 980 of 2016 (Summons No 6105 of 2019)

Between

| Liew Kum Chong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| SVM International Trading Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Feasto Pte Ltd  
(3)| Mizimegah Pte Ltd  
(4)| Scarlett Merida Xi Wei Yuan  
(5)| Pan Jiaying  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgments and orders] — [Enforcement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Liew Kum Chong

  
v

  

SVM International Trading Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHCR 02

High Court — Suit No 980 of 2016 (Summons No 6105 of 2019)  
Jonathan Ng Pang Ern AR  
28 January, 10 March 2020

31 March 2020

Jonathan Ng Pang Ern AR:

1 Summons No 6105 of 2019 (“SUM 6105”) was the Plaintiff’s application under O
47 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) to
attach the 2nd Defendant’s interest in a commercial property located at 1
Jalan Dusun #01-26, One Dusun Residences, Singapore (the “Jalan Dusun
Property”). The 2nd Defendant was not the registered proprietor of the Jalan
Dusun Property. Instead, it claimed, via a caveat (the “Caveat”), an interest
as purchaser of the same. What was the nature of the 2nd Defendant’s interest
in the Jalan Dusun Property? And could that interest be attached under O 47 r
4 of the Rules of Court? After hearing from parties, I allowed the
application. These are the grounds of my decision.

Background

2 The Plaintiff commenced Suit No 980 of 2016 on 14 September 2016. On 22
March 2019, the High Court gave judgment for the Plaintiff against the 1st to
4th Defendants. The grounds of the Court’s decision are set out in Liew Kum
Chong v SVM International Trading Pte Ltd and others [2019] SGHC 163. The
extracted judgment, HC/JUD 185/2019, indicated that the 2nd Defendant was to
pay the Plaintiff:

(a) the judgment sum of $100,000;

(b) interest at a rate of 5.33% per annum on the judgment sum from the date of
writ to the date of judgment;

(c) costs in the sum of $90,000 (to be paid collectively by the 1st to 3rd
Defendants); and

(d) disbursements to be fixed if not agreed.

3 On 6 December 2019, the Plaintiff took out SUM 6105. Being originally an ex
parte application, SUM 6105 came to me as a paper hearing in my capacity as
Duty Registrar on 9 December 2019. The orders sought were as follows:

1\. The interest of the 2nd Defendant in the [Jalan Dusun Property] be
attached and taken in execution to satisfy the Judgment No. HC/JUD 185/2019
dated 22 March 2019 by the Honourable Justice Chua Lee Ming; and

2\. The 2nd Defendant pay the costs of and occasioned by this application.

4 In his supporting affidavit, the Plaintiff claimed that the sum of
$228,300.84 remained outstanding from the 2nd Defendant. It was subsequently
clarified that this was a typographical error; the correct figure should have
been $228,301.44. This figure was arrived at by adding together the following
sums: (a) the judgment sum ($100,000); (b) pre-judgment interest (which the
Plaintiff quantified at $13,419.92); (c) costs ($90,000); (d) disbursements
(which the Court eventually fixed at $16,561.60); and (e) post-judgment
interest (which the Plaintiff quantified at $8,319.92 as of the date of the
supporting affidavit). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

17th affidavit of Liew Kum Chong at paras 4-8, as clarified at the hearing on
28 January 2020.

5 According to the Plaintiff, the 2nd Defendant had lodged the Caveat claiming
the interest of a purchaser of the Jalan Dusun Property. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

17th affidavit of Liew Kum Chong at para 10.

To support this claim, the Plaintiff exhibited a title search conducted on the
Jalan Dusun Property on 6 December 2019 (the “Title Search”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

17th affidavit of Liew Kum Chong at pp 23-29.

The Plaintiff further stated that, to the best of his knowledge, information
and belief, the Jalan Dusun Property belonged to the 2nd Defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

17th affidavit of Liew Kum Chong at para 11.

6 The Title Search showed that the registered proprietor of the Jalan Dusun
Property was a company by the name of LVND Homes Pte Ltd (“LVND”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

17th affidavit of Liew Kum Chong at p 26.

The Caveat was lodged on 29 January 2013, and reflected the following
information: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

17th affidavit of Liew Kum Chong at p 28.

Interest Claimed: PURCHASER

Purchase Price: $ 1,291,200

Contract/Option Date : 19/09/2012

Prohibition Clause: UNLESS THE CAVEATOR OR SOME PERSON NOMINATED BY HIM IN THE
CAVEAT HAS CONSENTED IN WRITING TO SUCH REGISTRATION

7 Upon my directions, the Plaintiff’s solicitors wrote in on 23 December 2019
and clarified that the Jalan Dusun Property was an uncompleted commercial
property that was purchased by the 2nd Defendant from LVND (the developer)
pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated 19 September 2012 (the “SPA”).
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Letter from WongPartnership LLP dated 23 December 2019 at para 3.

Further, the Plaintiff’s solicitors also highlighted that in examination of
judgment debtor proceedings in Summons No 4083 of 2019, the 4th Defendant, who
allegedly assisted in arranging the 2nd Defendant’s affairs, had stated that
the 2nd Defendant had paid “$750,000+” out of the total purchase price of
$1,291,200. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Letter from WongPartnership LLP dated 23 December 2019 at paras 4-5.

Accordingly, as there were still outstanding instalment payments to be paid
and legal completion had yet to take place, legal title to the Jalan Dusun
Property still vested in LVND. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Letter from WongPartnership LLP dated 23 December 2019 at para 6.

8 Having some doubt as to whether the 2nd Defendant’s interest in the Jalan
Dusun Property could be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court, I fixed
SUM 6105 for an oral hearing. This was originally scheduled for 9 January
2020, but was rescheduled at the Plaintiff’s solicitors’ request. The first
hearing on 28 January 2020 was an ex parte hearing (as SUM 6105 was filed as
an ex parte application). At this hearing, I indicated to Mr Gavin Neo, who
appeared for the Plaintiff, that I was considering fixing SUM 6105 for an
inter partes hearing. Mr Neo accepted that the issue of whether the 2nd
Defendant’s interest in the Jalan Dusun Property could be the subject of an
application under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court was quite a novel point.
However, he submitted that it was for the 2nd Defendant to apply to set aside
any order that was made on SUM 6105, and that it was not for the 2nd Defendant
to “block” SUM 6105 at this stage. He also suggested that the 2nd Defendant
might seek to sell the Jalan Dusun Property and dissipate the sale proceeds.
Alternatively, if the SPA became annulled for the 2nd Defendant’s failure to
keep up with the instalment payments, the 2nd Defendant might dissipate any
refund paid by LVND. While I appreciated these concerns, I was of the view
that the risk of dissipation was somewhat remote. Accordingly, I fixed SUM
6105 for an inter partes hearing and gave directions for the filing of reply
affidavits.

Parties’ submissions

9 In broad terms, the Plaintiff’s submissions were as follows:

(a) The 2nd Defendant owned an equitable interest in the Jalan Dusun Property.
Specifically, the 2nd Defendant’s equitable interest in the Jalan Dusun
Property had accrued in line with its instalment payments set out in the SPA
and, accordingly, the 2nd Defendant held an equitable interest in the Jalan
Dusun Property amounting to approximately $750,000. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 6 March 2020 at para 19.

Further, the 2nd Defendant also had an equitable interest in the paid up
instalments of the Jalan Dusun Property should the SPA be annulled: under the
SPA, LVND, after making certain deductions, had to refund the balance of the
instalments previously paid by the 2nd Defendant if the SPA was annulled. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 6 March 2020 at para 20.

(b) The phrase “immovable property or any interest therein” in O 47 r 4 of the
Rules of Court included the 2nd Defendant’s interest in the Jalan Dusun
Property.

10 As it turned out, the Defendant did not file any reply affidavit. At the
second hearing on 10 March 2020, Mr Chua Cheng Yew, who appeared for the 2nd
Defendant, cited his inability to obtain instructions as the reason for this.
Among other things, Mr Chua emphasised that, notwithstanding his efforts, he
had no instructions on how much of the purchase price the 2nd Defendant had
paid LVND. Without this information, Mr Chua was unable to express any view on
SUM 6105. In short, I understood Mr Chua to have taken no position on SUM
6105.

Issues arising from SUM 6105

11 Arising from the above, SUM 6105 turned on the answers to two issues:

(a) First, what was the nature of the 2nd Defendant’s interest in the Jalan
Dusun Property?

(b) Second, could the 2nd Defendant’s interest in the Jalan Dusun Property be
attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court?

12 It is to these two issues that I now turn.

What was the nature of the 2nd Defendant’s interest in the Jalan Dusun
Property?

13 I start with the first issue: what was the nature of the 2nd Defendant’s
interest in the Jalan Dusun Property?

14 Orthodoxy provides a straightforward answer to this. As observed in Tang
Hang Wu and Kelvin FK Low, Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law
(LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2019) (“Tan Sook Yee”) (at para 16.84), “a purchaser
under a valid contract for sale has the equitable interest in the land, while
the vendor holds the legal title for him as constructive trustee” [emphasis
added]. This flows from the English High Court’s decision in Lysaght v Edwards
(1876) 2 Ch D 499 (“Lysaght”), where it was held (at 506) that:

… [T]he moment you have a valid contract for sale the vendor becomes in equity
a trustee for the purchaser of the estate sold, and the beneficial ownership
passes to the purchaser, the vendor having a right to the purchase-money, a
charge or lien on the estate for the security of that purchase-money, and a
right to retain possession of the estate until the purchase-money is paid, in
the absence of express contract as to the time of delivering possession. …
[emphasis added]

15 The basis for this is said to be “the confluence of two equitable rules”
(Tan Sook Yee at para 16.84):

… First, a purchaser of land is usually entitled to the equitable remedy of
specific performance on the basis that since each piece of land is unique,
damages will not be an adequate remedy. Second, the equitable maxim ‘equity
looks on that as done which ought to be done’ accelerates in equity that which
is inevitable at law so that completion is anticipated in equity. The result
is the conversion of the purchaser into the owner of the land in equity, a
process which brings about the operation of the doctrine of conversion. …

16 The above passages from Lysaght and Tan Sook Yee appear to imply that a
purchaser of land comes to own the entire equitable interest in the land upon
the conclusion of a contract for sale. However, in Jerome v Kelly (Inspector
of Taxes) [2004] 1 WLR 1409 (“Jerome”), the House of Lords espoused a
seemingly more nuanced approach, holding (at [32]) that:

It would therefore be wrong to treat an uncompleted contract for the sale of
land as equivalent to an immediate, irrevocable declaration of trust (or
assignment of beneficial interest) in the land. Neither the seller nor the
buyer has unqualified beneficial ownership. Beneficial ownership of the land
is in a sense split between the seller and buyer on the provisional
assumptions that specific performance is available and that the contract will
in due course be completed, if necessary by the court ordering specific
performance. In the meantime, the seller is entitled to enjoyment of the land
or its rental income. The provisional assumptions may be falsified by events,
such as rescission of the contract (either under a contractual term or on
breach). If the contract proceeds to completion the equitable interest can be
viewed as passing to the buyer in stages, as title is made and accepted and as
the purchase price is paid in full. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

17 It was, in fact, on the basis of Jerome that the Plaintiff submitted that
the 2nd Defendant held: (a) an equitable interest in the Jalan Dusun Property
amounting to approximately $750,000; and (b) an equitable interest in the paid
up instalments of the Jalan Dusun Property should the SPA be annulled (see
[9(a)] above). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 6 March 2020 at paras 19-20.

18 The issue of the extent of the 2nd Defendant’s equitable interest in the
Jalan Dusun Property was an interesting one. Interesting as it was, however,
it did not have to be answered at this stage. The High Court’s decision in
Peter Low LLC v Higgins, Danial Patrick [2018] 4 SLR 1003 (“Peter Low”) makes
clear (at [117]–[119]) that in an application under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of
Court, the Court only needs to be satisfied that there is an interest in
immovable property that can be attached; issues relating to the extent of the
judgment debtor’s interest do not arise at this stage. Accordingly, it was
sufficient to conclude, in answer to the first issue, that the 2nd Defendant’s
interest in the Jalan Dusun Property was an equitable interest that arose from
a contract of sale.

Could the 2nd Defendant’s interest in the Jalan Dusun Property be attached
under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court?

19 I now turn to the second issue: could the 2nd Defendant’s interest in the
Jalan Dusun Property be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court? Having
considered the relevant authorities and arguments, I was satisfied that an
equitable interest in immovable property that arises from a contract of sale
can be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court. It therefore followed
that the 2nd Defendant’s interest in the Jalan Dusun Property could be
attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

Relevant statutory provisions

20 First, this conclusion is supported by the relevant statutory provisions in
the Rules of Court, the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”) and the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA”).

21 I start with the Rules of Court. In this regard, O 47 r 4(1) of the Rules
of Court opens as follows:

Immovable property (O. 47, r. 4)

4.—(1) Where the property to be seized consists of immovable property or any
interest therein, the following provisions shall apply:

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

22 The meaning of words “or any interest therein” is plain: O 47 r 4 of the
Rules of Court covers the seizure of any interest in immovable property.
Significantly, there is no limitation placed on the type of such interest.
Similarly broad language is also found in O 47 r 4(1)(a) of the Rules of
Court, which explains how such seizure is effected:

(a) seizure shall be effected by registering under any written law relating to
the immovable property an order of Court in Form 96 (which for the purpose of
this Rule and Rule 5 shall be called the order) attaching the interest of the
judgment debtor in the immovable property described therein and, upon
registration, such interest shall be deemed to be seized by the Sheriff;

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

23 Again, there is no limitation placed on the type of the interest capable of
being seized. The wording of O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court therefore suggests
that an equitable interest in immovable property that arises from a contract
of sale can be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

24 Turning to the SCJA, s 13 of the SCJA, in dealing with writs of execution,
provides as follows:

Writs of execution

13. A judgment of the High Court for the payment of money to any person or into court may be enforced by a writ, to be called a writ of seizure and sale, under which all the property, movable or immovable, of whatever description, of a judgment debtor may be seized, except —

(a) the wearing apparel and bedding of the judgment debtor or his family, and
the tools and implements of his trade, when the value of such apparel,
bedding, tools and implements does not exceed $1,000;

(b) tools of artisans, and, where the judgment debtor is an agriculturist, his
implements of husbandry and such animals and seed-grain or produce as may in
the opinion of the court be necessary to enable him to earn his livelihood as
such;

(c) the wages or salary of the judgment debtor;

(d) any pension, gratuity or allowance granted by the Government; and

(e) the share of the judgment debtor in a partnership, as to which the
judgment creditor is entitled to proceed to obtain a charge under any
provision of any written law relating to partnership.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]]

25 In Peter Low, the Court noted (at [132]–[133]) that because the Rules of
Court provided for different modes of execution, there was no requirement to
interpret any particular provision on execution in the Rules of Court as
coinciding in scope with the full ambit of s 13 of the SCJA. Notwithstanding
this, the Court concluded that the provisions in the Rules of Court on
execution by writ of seizure and sale (“WSS”) against immovable property were
intended to cover all possible interests in immovable property which came
within the ambit of s 13 of the SCJA:

In this regard, the decisions in American Express Bank Ltd v Abdul Manaff bin
Ahmad [2003] 4 SLR(R) 780 (at [27]) and KLW Holdings Ltd v Straitsworld
Advisory Ltd [2017] SGHCR 11 (at [13]–[14] and [30]–[31]) suggest that,
because the [Rules of Court] provides for different modes of execution, there
is no requirement to interpret any particular provision on execution in the
[Rules of Court] as coinciding in scope with the full ambit of s 13 of the
SCJA. Thus, since a garnishee order is suitable only for attaching debts, it
would not be inconsistent with s 13 of the SCJA to interpret the [Rules of
Court] provisions on garnishee orders as not applying to tangible property,
even though tangible property is within the scope of s 13 itself. Similarly,
since a WSS for immovable property is suitable only for attaching immovable
property, it would not be inconsistent with s 13 to interpret the [Rules of
Court] provisions on a WSS for immovable property as not applying to chattels,
even though chattels fall within the scope of s 13 of the SCJA.

This much is uncontroversial, but it begs the further question whether, if the
[Rules of Court] provides for only one mode of execution against interest in
immovable property, there is an expectation that the relevant provision
should, in the absence of express indication to the contrary, cover all types
of interests in immovable property coming within the ambit of s 13 of the
SCJA. In my view, this is likely to be the case. Given that the provisions in
the [Rules of Court] on execution by WSS against immovable property employ
broad and general phrases such as “immovable property or any interest therein”
or “interest of the judgment debtor in the immovable property” without
qualification, the most reasonable interpretation is that they are intended to
cover all possible interests in immovable property which come within the ambit
of s 13 SCJA. This would include the interest of a joint tenant in land.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

26 There can be no doubt that s 13 of the SCJA includes equitable interests.
Accordingly, this provision, when read alongside Peter Low, also suggests that
an equitable interest in immovable property that arises from a contract of
sale can be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

27 Such an interpretation is also consistent with the LTA. Section 115(1) of
the LTA, in dealing with the lodging of caveats, provides as follows:

Caveats may be lodged

115.—(1) Any person claiming an interest in land (whether or not the land has
been brought under the provisions of this Act), or any person otherwise
authorised by this Act or any other written law to do so, may lodge with the
Registrar a caveat in the approved form which shall include the following
particulars:

…

[emphasis added]

28 It has been observed that all equitable interests in land would come within
s 115(1) of the LTA (Tan Sook Yee at para 15.10). What this means is that the
reference to “an interest in land” in s 115(1) includes an equitable interest
in immovable property that arises from a contract of sale. In my view, there
is no reason why the references to the “interest” in immovable property in O
47 r 4 of the Rules of Court should not be consistently interpreted, so as to
also include an equitable interest in immovable property that arises from a
contract of sale.

Two factors in Peter Low

29 Second, the conclusion at [19] above is also supported by two passages in
Peter Low which the Plaintiff relied on. The issue in Peter Low was whether a
judgment for the payment of money could be enforced by way of a WSS against
the judgment debtor’s interest in immovable property which was held under a
joint tenancy (Peter Low at [10]). Although the Court in Peter Low was
concerned with the attachability of another type of interest in immovable
property (ie, that belonging to a joint tenant), the pronouncements therein
are relevant to the present analysis because they shed light on the factors
that a Court may look to in determining whether a given type of interest in
immovable property can be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

Whether the interest is capable of being seized by a WSS

30 The first factor is whether the interest in question is even capable of
being seized by a WSS. In Peter Low, the Court, in discussing the issue of
whether the nature of a joint tenancy meant that a joint tenant’s interest was
not exigible to a WSS, held (at [70]–[71]) that:

The key concern arising from the nature of the joint tenancy lies in the oft-
cited proposition that all the joint tenants together own the whole property,
but no one joint tenant holds any specific or distinct share of the property.
This means that every joint tenant must partake in any dealings involving the
whole property before such dealings can effectively bind the entire property.
Therefore, for instances [sic], one joint tenant cannot sell the property
without the agreement of all the joint tenants.

While the foregoing features of a joint tenancy are well established in law, I
do not think they necessarily lead to the conclusion that a joint tenant’s
interest is incapable of seizure by a WSS, or that a WSS issued against a
joint tenant’s interest has nothing to bite onto. First, it is undeniable that
a joint tenant has a real and present interest in the jointly owned property
(as opposed to a future, contingent or speculative interest). Secondly, this
interest of a joint tenant’s can be alienated without the consent or
participation of the other joint tenant – when he does so, his very act of
alienation severs the joint tenancy and crystallises his interest into an
aliquot share which can be sold independently of his co-tenant’s interest.
Thirdly, it would appear logical that, whatever interest a judgment debtor is
capable of selling on his own, the law of execution of judgments could empower
the sheriff to sell it on the judgment debtor’s behalf.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

31 This passage indicates that the question of whether the interest in
question is capable of being seized by a WSS is relevant (albeit not
conclusive) in determining whether the interest can be attached under O 47 r 4
of the Rules of Court. This must be correct. If, at a threshold level, the
interest is incapable of being seized by a WSS, then it necessarily follows
that it cannot be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court, and the
analysis ends there. It is only if the interest is capable of being seized by
a WSS that one goes on to consider the subsequent question of whether it can
be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

32 To this end, it seems that an equitable interest in immovable property that
arises from a contract of sale is capable of being seized by a WSS. The three
points highlighted by the Court in Peter Low, as emphasised in italics and
bold italics in the quoted passage at [30] above, apply with equal force to
such an interest. In particular, such an interest can be sub-sold pending
completion. An equitable interest in immovable property that arises from a
contract of sale is, therefore, to use the language of Peter Low, a real and
present interest that can be alienated without the consent or participation of
another, and the law of execution of judgments can empower the Sheriff to sell
the interest on the judgment debtor’s behalf. Accordingly, this first factor
suggests that an equitable interest in immovable property that arises from a
contract of sale can be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

Whether a WSS against the interest confers a real benefit to the judgment
creditor

33 The second factor is whether a WSS against the interest in question confers
a real benefit to the judgment creditor. In Peter Low, the Court, in
discussing the utility of issuing a WSS against a joint tenant’s interest in
land, held (at [114]–[115]) that:

In this regard, while an undivided share in immovable property is difficult to
market to third parties and not likely to fetch a good price, that does not
mean that the ability to sell an undivided share is without value or utility.
Indeed, even if a WSS does not allow the sheriff to sell the land as a whole,
it confers a real benefit to the judgment creditor in at least two ways:

(a) It prevents dealings in the land by the other “innocent” joint tenant.
This may create enough of a nuisance for the “innocent” joint tenant to:

(i) settle the debtor-joint tenant’s judgment debt so as to get the WSS
lifted;

(ii) buy over the debtor-joint tenant’s share from the sheriff …; or

(iii) consent to the sale of the whole property by the sheriff in order that
the “innocent” joint tenant may unlock the full economic value of his own
aliquot share.

(b) As purchases of immovable properties in Singapore are generally financed
by mortgage loans, a sale under a WSS is not possible without the mortgagees’
consent. In such a situation, the value of a WSS lies not in the judgment
creditor’s ability to trigger a sale by the sheriff but in the priority which
the WSS affords the judgment creditor in the distribution of any residual
proceeds from a mortgagee’s sale. … This advantage concerning priority would
also apply in the event that an individual judgment debtor is declared
bankrupt.

For these reasons, I recognise that a WSS against a joint tenant’s interest in
land confers real, and not merely illusory, value to a judgment creditor.
Whether the economics of litigation in each case warrant the judgement
creditor taking the step of seeking such a WSS is a matter for the individual
plaintiff and judgment creditor to consider. However, even assuming that there
is no power for the court to order a sale of the whole property, it is not
necessary to conclude that the court would act in futility by allowing a WSS
to attach against a joint tenant’s interest in land. There are other ways in
which the WSS may benefit the judgment creditor.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

34 This passage indicates that in determining whether an interest can be
attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court, it is relevant (but again, not
conclusive) to consider whether a WSS against the interest in question confers
a real benefit to the judgment creditor.

35 In Peter Low, the Court noted (at [114]) that an undivided share in
immovable property was difficult to market to third parties and not likely to
fetch a good price. It was in this context that the Court examined the other
benefits that might accrue to a judgment creditor who issued a WSS against a
joint tenant’s interest in land. However, these concerns over marketability
and profitability do not even arise in the case of an equitable interest in
immovable property that arises from a contract of sale. As noted earlier, such
an interest can be sub-sold pending completion (see [32] above). A WSS against
it confers on a judgment creditor a real benefit that is immediately apparent.

36 In the course of oral submissions, Mr Neo highlighted several other
benefits that would accrue to the Plaintiff on the specific facts of SUM 6105.
I understood these to include the following:

(a) First, the Plaintiff would, apart from having the option of sub-selling
the Jalan Dusun Property, also have the option of making instalment payments
under the SPA and would, upon completion, become the registered proprietor of
the Jalan Dusun Property.

(b) Second, the 2nd Defendant would not be able to unilaterally sell the Jalan
Dusun Property and dissipate the sale proceeds. This point was elaborated on
in the Plaintiff’s written submissions as follows. If an order were made under
SUM 6105, the order would be registered under the LTA pursuant to s 132 of the
LTA and O 47 r 4(1)(a) of the Rules of Court. Upon such registration, the 2nd
Defendant’s interest in the Jalan Dusun Property would be deemed to be seized
by the Sheriff (O 47 r 4(1)(a) of the Rules of Court) and any dealings by the
2nd Defendant in the Jalan Dusun Property would not be registered unless the
registration of the order were cancelled (s 133 of the LTA). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 6 March 2020 at para 28.

(c) Third, if instalment payments were not made and the SPA was annulled (see
[9(a)] above), any refund would be paid to the Plaintiff instead of the 2nd
Defendant. The 2nd Defendant would therefore not be able to dissipate or use
any such refund. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 6 March 2020 at para 26(b).

37 I was in broad agreement with these points. Accordingly, this second factor
also suggests that an equitable interest in immovable property that arises
from a contract of sale can be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court.

Policy considerations

38 Finally, the conclusion at [19] above is also supported by policy
considerations. Leaving aside the legal technicalities, an equitable interest
in immovable property that arises from a contract of sale is, by virtue of its
sub-saleability (see [32] above), of clear value to its owner. If such an
interest cannot be attached under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court, this would
be tantamount to a ring-fencing of the interest from judgment creditors. This,
in my view, would be wholly unjust: the owner of the interest would get to
enjoy the benefits of ownership, but judgment creditors would not be entitled
to the same. This difference in treatment is difficult to justify, and is yet
another factor suggesting that an equitable interest in immovable property
that arises from a contract of sale can be attached under O 47 r 4 of the
Rules of Court.

Conclusion on the second issue

39 Having regard to the relevant statutory provisions (see [20]–[28] above),
the two factors in Peter Low (see [29]–[37] above) and policy considerations
(see [38] above), I was satisfied that an equitable interest in immovable
property that arises from a contract of sale can be attached under O 47 r 4 of
the Rules of Court. Accordingly, and in answer to the second issue, the 2nd
Defendant’s interest in the Jalan Dusun Property could be attached under O 47
r 4 of the Rules of Court.

Conclusion

40 In the circumstances, I granted an order in terms of prayer 1 of SUM 6105.
After hearing parties on costs, I also granted an order in terms of prayer 2
of SUM 6105, and fixed such costs at $1,500 (all in).

Jonathan Ng Pang Ern  
Assistant Registrar

Tang Shangwei, Gavin Neo and Khoo Kiah Min Jolyn (WongPartnership LLP) for the
plaintiff;

Chua Cheng Yew (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

