Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 256

Suit No 760 of 2018

Between

MS First Capital Insurance Limited  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Smart Automobile Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

Between

Smart Automobile Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

MS First Capital Insurance Limited  
---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
MS First Capital Insurance Ltd

  
v

  

Smart Automobile Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 256

High Court — Suit No 760 of 2018  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
12, 15, 16 June, 3 August 2020

20 November 2020 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

Introduction

1 This case involves a dispute arising from a settlement agreement entered
into between an insurer and the insured. Specifically, the parties are at odds
over the proper interpretation of certain recitals to the settlement
agreement, and, consequently, the proper characterisation of a sum of
S$500,000 which had been previously paid. Arguments over this dispute have
encompassed a whole litany of legal contentions, from the various permutations
of mistake and estoppel, to considerations of unjust enrichment, and even
resulting trust. However, what remains central is the proper interpretation of
the relevant settlement agreement, particularly in the context of the
negotiations between the parties. As I will go on to explain, a proper
interpretation of the words in question elides the need for a consideration of
the wide-ranging panoply of legal arguments which have been raised in the
parties’ closing submissions.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff is an insurance company regulated by the Monetary Authority of
Singapore and in the business of general insurance. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at [2].

Its Chief Executive Officer is one R Athappan. The plaintiff was the
defendant’s insurer under a commercial vehicle policy number D-0901184MFSH/0
issued on or around 20 April 2009 (the “Policy”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at [7].

The Policy ran from 1 March 2009 to 29 February 2012.

3 The defendant was established, and is owned and controlled by, one Johnny
Harjantho (“JH”), who is also its managing director. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of Johnny Harjantho (“JH”) at [1].

JH has been operating a car rental business in Singapore called “SMART Car
Rental” since 1991. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 22, Lines 16 to 19.

The defendant was incorporated in 2001 for the purpose of carrying out the
business of taxi services and the retail sale of motor vehicles. In 2003, the
defendant obtained its license to operate a taxi business. The defendant’s
taxis were called “Smart taxis”. At the relevant time, the defendant had a
fleet of approximately 650 Smart taxis. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 5, Lines 5 to 24.

The defendant’s taxi business ceased in 2013 as its license for operating taxi
services was not renewed, and expired sometime in or around September 2013. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

JH at [3].

Background to the dispute

4 As outlined above, the plaintiff was the defendant’s insurer for its Smart
taxis under the Policy. Under the Policy, the plaintiff provided cover for any
third party accident claims against all taxis operated by the defendant within
Singapore for the period of insurance, which was a duration of three years
from 1 March 2009 to 29 February 2012. HL Suntek Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd
(“HL Suntek”) was the defendant’s insurance broker in respect of the Policy. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AEIC of Lim Eng Thiam (“LET”) at [3].

5 The premium that the defendant had to pay under the Policy was structured in
the following way. First, the defendant was required to pay a “Minimum Deposit
Premium” (“MDP”), which was calculated at the rate of S$1,800 per taxi per
annum. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See LET-1 at p 17.

6 Second, the defendant was also required to pay what is known as the “Burning
Cost Premium” (“BCP”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See LET-1 at p 17.

This is calculated based on two components. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See D-1.

The first component is the sum of the claims paid by the plaintiff less the
excess payment for each claim. The second component is the amount in the
reasonable opinion of the plaintiff that is needed to settle outstanding
claims, again less the excess payment. Both these component sums are
multiplied by 100/75 in order the derive the total amount of BCP payable. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See in particular LET-1 at p 17.

7 However, significantly, the Policy also set a cap on the maximum amount of
premium that was payable by the defendant. That cap is described as the
“Maximum Premium” (“MP”) and was set at S$3,000 per taxi per annum. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See LET-1 at p 17 under “Premium Structure”.

So, as an example, if 650 taxis were insured, then the sum of the MDP and BCP
chargeable by the plaintiff cannot exceed S$1.95m (650 multiplied by S$3,000)
in a year.

8 The other element under the Policy which is somewhat relevant to some of the
factual disputes in this case is the amount of excess payments (also known as
deductibles) that must be made by the defendant for claims under the Policy.
As in the case of any motor insurance policy, the insured is liable to make
excess payments, and the insurer is liable only for the amount over and above
the excess. In the Policy, the parties agreed to set the excess at S$5,000 per
claim, which meant that the defendant has to bear any claim under the Policy
up to the amount of S$5,000. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

LET-1 at p 16.

These excess payments are collected from the defendant in arrears.

9 The defendant’s license to carry out a taxi business expired in September
2013. It was publicly known that the Land Transport Authority had declined to
renew the defendant’s taxi license by July 2013. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See ‘LTA will not renew Smart’s taxi service operator licence’, The Straits
Times, 11 July 2013. See also Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 5, Lines 5 to
24.

10 In July 2013, the plaintiff’s officers met with JH to discuss the issue of
outstanding excess payments that were due from the defendant. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See P-1, item 2.

The plaintiff also indicated to JH that it would be billing the defendant for
the BCP due under the Policy. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See, for instance, 1 AB 74.

11 Then, on or about 16 August 2013, there were several communications from
the plaintiff and its representatives to the defendant regarding the issue of
the BCP and the outstanding excess payments. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1 AB Tab 16.

12 First, the plaintiff and its solicitors wrote separately to the defendant
and the defendant’s brokers on the amount of BCP allegedly due from the
defendant under the Policy. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1 AB 80-82, 1 AB 86

In the plaintiff’s Chin Oi Leng’s (“OL Chin”) email of 16 August 2013 to Lim
Eng Thiam (“ET Lim”), HL Suntek’s Chief Executive Officer, she enclosed a
“Burning Cost Statement and Claims Records as at 30 June 2013”. In summary,
after taking into account that the MP under the Policy was capped at
S$6,135,603.60, the amount of BCP that the plaintiff was claiming from the
defendant was the amount of S$2,626,900.76, inclusive of goods and services
tax (“GST”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See 1 AB 88.

The plaintiff’s solicitors’ letters of 16 and 19 August 2013 to the defendant,
when read together, also stated the same figure of BCP being claimed from the
defendant. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1 AB 80, 1 AB 115.

13 Second, the plaintiff and its solicitors also wrote separately to the
defendant on the excess payments due from the defendant. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1 AB 83, 85.

The amount in question was said to be S$606,955.72. In the plaintiff’s letter
of 16 August 2013, it was also stated that there were, additionally, another
567 “pending claims”, and that the “total estimated policy excess recoverable”
from the defendant in respect of those claims was S$1,533,265.48. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1 AB 85.

The plaintiff asked the defendant to provide a bank guarantee for the amount
of S$1.5m as security for the “anticipated [p]olicy excess recovery for these
567 pending claims”. This was subsequently clarified in another letter from
the plaintiff where the number of pending claims was revised to 575. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1 AB 149.

14 The defendant made payment of S$100,000 to reduce the outstanding amount
owed as excess payments. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See 1 AB 155 at item 1.

Then, HL Suntek requested that the plaintiff provide a breakdown of the BCP
amount claimed between the figures for “paid claims” and for “outstanding
claims” (see [6] above). This breakdown was furnished by the plaintiff in Tan
Hue Peng’s (“HP Tan”) email of 6 September 2013. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1 AB 156.

Following this, the plaintiff continued to chase the defendant for payment of
both the outstanding excess amounts and the BCP. The plaintiff threatened to
commence legal proceedings for recovery if payment of at least S$1.1m was not
made by the defendant by 20 September 2013. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1 AB 158, 159.

15 On 23 September 2013, there was a meeting between the plaintiff’s R
Athappan, HL Suntek’s ET Lim, and the defendant’s JH. At this meeting, JH
agreed to take over the handling of all claims against the defendant where the
claim amount was less than S$5,000, which is the amount of excess for each
claim. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 91, Lines 4 to 19. See also Transcript of
16 June 2020, Page 96, Lines 2 to 9.

16 On 24 September 2013, HL Suntek’s Francis Ng sent an email to the
plaintiff’s staff to inform them that two payments had been dispatched to the
plaintiff. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1 AB 175, 176.

In his email, the two payments were broken down as follows:

(a) First, the sum of S$500,000 was paid as a “Deposit by [the defendant]; and

(b) Second, the sum of S$150,000 was marked as “[p]ayment of Excess Recovery”.

17 The S$500,000 payment referred to at [16(a)] above was made by way of three
cheques, for S$400,000, S$50,000, and S$50,000, all of which were dated 23
September 2013. The cheque payments were accompanied by the defendant’s
payment vouchers, which stipulated the plaintiff as the payee and which were
acknowledged by one of the plaintiff’s staff. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

4 AB 1848, 1849.

The payment vouchers described the payment as “Being Deposit to [the
plaintiff]”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

4 AB 1848 to 1851.

18 On 19 November 2013, the plaintiff’s HP Tan emailed JH to point out that
only S$500,000 had been paid (in September 2013) towards the amount of BCP
owed by the defendant, and asked for a further S$500,000 payment. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1 AB 192.

This then led to further meetings between the parties in the later part of
2013 and in the first half of 2014 where there was discussion about the
plaintiff’s claims for payment of the BCP and outstanding excess payments. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See for example, 1 AB Tabs 45 and 46.

19 Where they are relevant, the details of some of these meetings and the
correspondence exchanged will be referred to in the course of my analysis of
the issues in dispute. However, it suffices for me to state at this juncture
that, in May 2014, the parties had come to an “in principle” agreement that
the defendant would pay a further S$500,000 as full settlement of the
plaintiff’s claim to BCP. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1 AB 222.

This amount was to be paid in ten equal instalments of S$50,000 each at
monthly intervals. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

1 AB 223.

20 In the second half of 2014, the defendant made four instalment payments of
S$50,000 each, thus paying a total of S$200,000 towards the amount of
S$500,000 as payment for the BCP. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 210, Lines 8 to 10.

21 At the end of March 2015, the plaintiff’s HP Tan sent JH a draft settlement
agreement. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1 AB Tab 92.

The parties then exchanged some comments on the draft, but there was no change
as to the figure of S$500,000 that the defendant had agreed in May 2014 to pay
to settle the claim for the BCP, and for which the defendant had already paid
S$200,000 (see [20] above). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See for instance, 1 AB 355.

22 Then, on 9 July 2015, one Victor Tan, an employee of the plaintiff who had
legal training, sent a revised draft of the settlement agreement to JH. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1 AB 391.

Recital C of that draft settlement agreement stated that the amount of BCP
owed by the defendant to the plaintiff was “about $2,626,900.76 … and that
after [the defendant’s] requests, [the plaintiff] had agreed, as a gesture of
goodwill only and on a without prejudice basis, to forgive [the defendant] the
bulk of the actual Burning Cost Premium and only require the repayment of the
sum of $500,000”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1 AB 393.

The operative part of the draft settlement agreement, in relation to the issue
of the BCP, required the defendant to make immediate payment of S$300,000
towards the settlement of the BCP upon the execution of the draft settlement
agreement. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1 AB 393 and 394.

23 Following this draft being sent, there were some exchanges of emails
between JH, Victor Tan, and HP Tan. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1 AB 400 to 421.

But, there was nothing stated in those emails where JH raised any issue about
the wording of Recital C of the draft settlement agreement.

24 On 16 July 2015, the parties executed the settlement agreement (the
“Settlement Agreement”). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

1 AB 24.

As the Settlement Agreement is the focal point of the defendant’s case, it
would be helpful to set out some of its key terms. First, in the recitals of
the Settlement Agreement, it was provided, inter alia, that:

(C) [The defendant] acknowledges that the actual Burning Cost Premium owed by
[the defendant] to [the plaintiff] should be in the sum of about $2,626,900.76
(inclusive of GST) and that after [the defendant’s] requests, [the plaintiff]
had agreed, as a gesture of goodwill only and on a without prejudice basis, to
forgive [the defendant] the bulk of the actual Burning Cost Premium and only
require the repayment of the sum of $500,000 (inclusive of GST).

(D) [The defendant] further acknowledges that as at the date of this Agreement
and after taking into account (a) [the plaintiff’s] preparedness to forgive
the bulk of the actual Burning Cost Premium and (b) the sum of $200,000.00
paid by [the defendant] towards the without prejudice outstanding Burning Cost
Premium of $500,000.00 (inclusive of GST), which payment [the plaintiff]
acknowledges, [the defendant] still has to pay [the plaintiff] the without
prejudice remaining Burning Cost Premium in the sum of $300,000.00 (‘the
Sum’).

(E) [The plaintiff] confirms that upon [the defendant’s] payment of the Sum
and full compliance with and performance of [the defendant’s] obligations
under this Agreement, the bulk of the actual Burning Cost Premium which [the
plaintiff] is prepared to forgive will be deemed to be fully forgiven.

25 The other recitals that I have not set out here refer to, inter alia, (a)
the plaintiff’s agreement to take over conduct of 25 third party claims that
had hitherto been handled by the defendant, and (b) the defendant’s agreement
to pay S$22,000 out of S$44,000 in outstanding excess payments claimed by the
plaintiff.

26 The Settlement Agreement went on to provide that, upon its execution, the
defendant would make payment to the plaintiff of S$322,000. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1 AB 26.

This was a reference to the figure of S$300,000 being payment towards the BCP
settlement and S$22,000 being the admitted excess payments due to the
plaintiff. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1 AB 25, see in particular Recitals D and F.

27 The rest of the Settlement Agreement dealt with (a) the procedure whereby
the plaintiff and defendant agreed to try and reach an agreement on the
disputed excess payments, and (b) the details of the parties’ respective
obligations in relation to the handling of the 25 third party claims taken
over by the plaintiff. For instance, there was an agreed cap of S$64,000 in
quantum for excess payments that the defendant would be liable for in relation
to those 25 third party claims. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1 AB 27.

28 The defendant duly presented the plaintiff with two cheques on the day of
the execution of the Settlement Agreement. One was for the sum of S$300,000
and the other for S$22,000. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

4 AB 1868.

29 The dealings between the parties were quite uneventful after the Settlement
Agreement. But, over two years later, on 16 October 2017, the defendant sent a
letter to the plaintiff claiming that its payment of the sum of S$500,000 in
September 2013 was a “Goodwill deposit”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

2 AB 512, 513.

The defendant asked when that sum would be returned. This was followed by a
letter dated 9 January 2018 from the defendant’s solicitors demanding the
return of the S$500,000 “deposit” within seven days. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

2 AB 514, 515.

It bears note that prior to the defendant’s letter of 16 October 2017, there
had been no written correspondence where the defendant had asked for the
return of the alleged “Goodwill deposit”.

30 The plaintiff’s position is that the defendant was not entitled to claim
the return of the sum of S$500,000. In July 2018, the plaintiff commenced
these legal proceedings to seek declaratory relief to that effect. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at pp 6 and 7.

The Parties’ Cases

31 While it is the plaintiff who commenced these proceedings, it is clear from
the background set out above that the dispute between the parties has arisen
because it is the defendant who has made a claim for the return of the payment
of S$500,000 that it made to the plaintiff in September 2013. In these
proceedings, the plaintiff’s primary claim is for a declaration that it does
not have to refund S$500,000 to the defendant. The defendant disputes this and
is counterclaiming for the return of that sum of S$500,000. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) (“D&CC”) at [59] and p 18.

Given the context, the parties’ arguments flow more logically if I set out the
defendant’s case first.

The defendant’s case

32 The starting point for the defendant’s case is the Settlement Agreement.
The defendant submits that the recitals and terms of that agreement are to the
effect that the defendant’s total liability for the BCP is in the sum of
S$500,000. Since the defendant had, in the second half of 2014, paid the sum
of S$200,000 towards the BCP, it was only required to pay the remaining
balance of S$300,000 towards the BCP, and had in fact done so upon the
execution of the Settlement Agreement. The Settlement Agreement binds the
parties, and the total amount of BCP payable by the defendant under the Policy
is thus S$500,000, and not S$1m as the plaintiff contends.

33 The defendant submits that the Settlement Agreement cannot be vitiated
under the doctrine of unilateral mistake because the requirements for that
doctrine to apply are not satisfied. In particular, the defendant argues that
there was no mistake as to the purpose of the S$500,000 paid, that it had no
actual or constructive knowledge of any mistake the plaintiff might have been
operating under, and that in any event, the alleged mistake was not a mistake
as to a term of the Settlement Agreement which entitled the plaintiff to
rescission. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See, inter alia, D&CC at [51] and [52].

34 The defendant argues that the S$500,000 that it paid to the plaintiff on 24
September 2013 was not towards the payment of the BCP, but as a security
deposit for potential excess payments for third party claims during the period
of the Policy. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

D&CC at [50].

Further and in any event, the defendant argues that the plaintiff is estopped
by convention and by representation from denying that the S$500,000 payment in
September 2013 was a security deposit for the abovementioned purpose. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

D&CC at [40].

In this regard, the defendant relies primarily on the wording of the recitals
in the Settlement Agreement.

35 The defendant further argues that it is entitled to the return of the sum
of S$500,000 from the plaintiff because that sum is held on resulting trust
for the defendant. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

D&CC at [39A].

Alternatively, the defendant is entitled to a claim in restitution for the
return of that sum because the plaintiff has been unjustly enriched. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

D&CC at [65]. See also DCS from [117] to [122].

The plaintiff’s case

36 The plaintiff contends that the payment of S$500,000 made by the defendant
in September 2013 was for the BCP that it was claiming from the defendant. The
sum was never intended to be a deposit for excess payments for third party
claims under the Policy, whether incurred or potential. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOC at [8].

As such, no issue of resulting trust or unjust enrichment arises.

37 According to the plaintiff, the parties had reached a compromise of the
plaintiff’s claim to be entitled to payment of the BCP in the amount of
approximately S$2.6m before the parties exchanged the drafts of the Settlement
Agreement. That compromise was that the defendant would pay a further
S$300,000, in addition to the S$200,000 already paid in the second half of
2014. This was also in addition to the S$500,000 paid by the defendant in
September 2013, which it is argued the defendant had acknowledged was payment
towards the reduction of the BCP. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) (“RDCC”) at [6].

Thus, the total amount of BCP paid and payable by the defendant to settle the
claim by the plaintiff was the sum of S$1m.

38 The plaintiff submits that, on the proper interpretation of the recitals
and terms of the Settlement Agreement, there was no change to the terms of the
compromise reached between the parties. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

SOC at [6], RDCC at [6].

The total amount of BCP that the defendant had to pay was still S$1m, of which
S$700,000 had already been paid and what was due was another S$300,000. The
purpose of the Settlement Agreement was to provide a full release and
discharge for the defendant from any other claims for BCP upon the payment of
the S$300,000. As such, no issue of estoppel by convention or representation
arises as to the sum of S$500,000 paid by the defendant in September 2013.

39 Alternatively, if the proper interpretation of the Settlement Agreement is
that the total amount of BCP that the defendant is liable for is only
S$500,000, the plaintiff claims that the agreement is vitiated by a unilateral
mistake on its part. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SOC at [13].

As such, the plaintiff seeks rescission of the Settlement Agreement and
recovery from the defendant of its entire BCP claim amount of approximately
S$2.6m. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

SOC at pp 6 and 7.

If the Court is not minded to order rescission, the plaintiff asks for
equitable rectification of the Settlement Agreement to properly reflect the
parties’ settlement. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [143].

The Issues

40 From the parties’ respective contentions, I find that the critical issue
which must be decided is the nature of the payment of S$500,000 made by the
defendant to the plaintiff in September 2013. Was it a security deposit for
potential excess payments for third party claims under the Policy, as alleged
by the defendant, or was it, as alleged by the plaintiff, payment by the
defendant toward the amount of BCP claimed by the plaintiff?

41 A determination as to the nature of the S$500,000 payment will also set the
proper context for the interpretation of the Settlement Agreement, which is
the next key issue which must be resolved. The dispute over the issue of
interpretation is as follows. The defendant contends that the Settlement
Agreement had the effect of fixing the liability of the defendant for the BCP
at the total sum of S$500,000. By contrast, the plaintiff argues that (a) the
Settlement Agreement left untouched the parties’ earlier compromise that the
BCP would be settled at the total sum of S$1m, and that (b) the Settlement
Agreement was entered into to provide the defendant with a release and
discharge upon the payment of the outstanding amount of S$300,000.

42 The resolution of the remaining issues as to mistake, resulting trust,
unjust enrichment, and estoppel will flow from a determination of the first
two issues set out above.

The Payment of S$500,000 Made In September 2013

43 The defendant’s case that the payment of S$500,000 to the plaintiff on 24
September 2013 was for the purpose of providing the plaintiff with a security
deposit for potential excess payments rests primarily on two main contentions.
The first is that the payment had been made pursuant to the plaintiff’s oral
request, through HP Tan, to which JH had agreed. The second is that the two
payment vouchers issued by the defendant in relation to the cheque payments
stated that they were “Deposit[s] to [the plaintiff]”. The defendant points
out that the two payment vouchers were acknowledged by an employee from the
plaintiff when the cheques were handed over.

44 In relation to the submission that HP Tan and JH had an oral discussion
about the alleged request for a security deposit, that submission turns
largely on my assessment of the credibility of these two gentlemen, both of
whom took centre-stage as witnesses at the trial. In this regard, I found JH’s
evidence, taken as a whole, to be seriously lacking in credibility. Further,
as will be explained below, his position on the issue of the deposit
fluctuated over time and was inconsistent with not only the events leading to
the payment of the S$500,000, but also the communications between the parties
that followed that payment.

45 There is no dispute between the parties that, in August 2013, the plaintiff
was pressing the defendant to make payment of the outstanding excess payments
of approximately S$600,000. This referred to excess payments for third party
claims made against the defendant, which the plaintiff had already paid out.
The plaintiff’s solicitors had issued a letter to the defendant dated 16
August 2013 demanding payment of this outstanding amount. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1 AB 83.

On that same date, the plaintiff also wrote to demand payment of the
outstanding excess payment. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1 AB 85.

46 In that letter from the plaintiff dated 16 August 2013, the idea of a
bankers’ guarantee for S$1.5m to be provided by the defendant was raised by
the plaintiff. It was intended to be “security for the anticipated Policy
excess recovery for … pending claims” (emphasis added). At that time, there
were approximately 575 pending third party claims against the defendant. The
reason given for the request was that there was already approximately
S$600,000 in outstanding excess payments owed by the defendant for settled
claims (which the plaintiff had already paid out), and the plaintiff wanted an
assurance that the defendant would eventually make payment when the excess
amounts in relation to the “pending claims” became due from the defendant.
After all, by then, the defendant’s taxi license had not been renewed and its
business in that regard was ceasing. Of course, there was no legal obligation
for the defendant to agree to such a request given that, under the Policy, the
excess payments were only due in arrears from the defendant to the plaintiff.

47 In JH’s oral evidence, he claimed that he then raised the idea to HP Tan
that the plaintiff should take cash as a security deposit instead of the
banker’s guarantee. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 45, Lines 18 to 24.

In other words, JH claims that he offered to provide a cash deposit of
S$500,000 in lieu of providing a banker’s guarantee. However, the defendant’s
own pleaded case was the reverse – the cash deposit had been requested by the
plaintiff. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Set Down Bundle (“SDB”) 48 at [36].

It was also not pleaded that the deposit was intended to be a substitute for
the banker’s guarantee. I further note that, after having alleged that he had
raised the idea to HP Tan for the defendant to take cash as a security deposit
instead of the banker’s guarantee, JH’s position in his oral evidence shifted
after being confronted with the inconsistent position in the defendant’s
pleadings. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SDB 31.

JH then reverted back to the position in the defendant’s pleaded case that the
proposal for the cash deposit had originated from HP Tan. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 49, Lines 17 to 20.

On further cross-examination, JH eventually claimed that he “honestly” could
not remember. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 50, Lines 11 to 17.

Yet, when questioned further on this point, JH changed his position yet again,
and insisted that the giving of a cash deposit in lieu of a banker’s guarantee
was his idea. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 50, Line 22, to Page 51, Line 12.

48 JH’s evidence in court was also that the cash deposit was to cover
potential excess payments, meaning pending claims that the plaintiff was
handling, but had not been paid out. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 58, Lines 8 to 11.

That was in line with his evidence that the deposit was intended to be a
replacement for the banker’s guarantee. However, the defendant’s solicitors’
letter of 9 January 2018 to the plaintiff stated something different. It
claimed that the alleged deposit was for “any potential excess payments in
relation to 3rd party claims that had yet to be submitted to [the plaintiff]”
(emphasis added]. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

2 AB 514.

To make things worse, the defendant’s pleaded case was neither of these two
positions. The defendant pleaded that the purpose of the deposit was to
“offset against the substantial outstanding and potential excess payments
under the Policy” 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SDB 31.

(emphasis added). No convincing explanation was provided for these material
inconsistencies.

49 JH also claimed in his oral evidence that HL Suntek’s ET Lim was fully
aware of this arrangement of having a cash deposit as security for potential
excess payments. However, when ET Lim was giving evidence for the plaintiff,
this critical point was never put to him during his cross-examination by the
defendant’s counsel. Instead, ET Lim’s evidence was unequivocally that he
understood the S$500,000 payment to be towards the reduction of BCP owed. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript of 15 June 2020, Page 120, Lines 1 to 12.

50 I find the undisputed events leading up to the payment of the amount of
S$500,000 on 24 September 2013, and the correspondence between the parties,
more consistent with the payment being intended to reduce the amount of BCP,
than as a deposit of some sort. As already mentioned, on or around 16 August
2013, there were written communications from the plaintiff and the plaintiff’s
solicitors separately demanding payment of the BCP in the amount of
approximately S$2.6m. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1 AB 80, 88, 115.

Following these demands, JH and ET Lim met with some of the plaintiff’s
officers, including HP Tan, on 30 August 2013 to discuss the matter. HP Tan
sent an email to JH on 3 September 2013 to record the points of their
discussion. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

1 AB 155.

51 In that email of 3 September, it was recorded that the defendant had made
payment of S$100,000 to reduce the amount of the outstanding excess payments.
It was also recorded that JH had agreed to review the over 560 pending third
party claims, after which he would decide on the plaintiff’s request for the
banker’s guarantee. It was also recorded that ET Lim had requested that the
plaintiff bill only the “paid claims” portion of the total BCP claimed of
approximately S$2.6m. The email recorded that the plaintiff was prepared to
consider this proposal.

52 On 6 September 2013, by an email from HP Tan to JH, the defendant was
furnished with the breakdown of the total BCP claimed of approximately S$2.6m.
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1 AB 156.

The “paid claims” portion and the “outstanding claims” portion were
S$886,441.76 and S$1,740,459.00 respectively. In that email, HP Tan indicated
that the defendant would be issued two invoices for each of these amounts,
with the plaintiff expecting payment for the “paid claims” portion by 20
September 2013 and the “outstanding claims” portion by 16 November 2013. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1 AB 157.

53 Following this, the plaintiff continued to chase for a commitment on the
part of the defendant to make payment. On 11 September 2013, HP Tan sent an
email to JH copying, inter alia, ET Lim, where he referred to the
“considerable amount of outstanding Policy excesses and Burning Cost Premium”,
and demanded payment of at least S$1.1m by 20 September 2013, failing which
legal proceedings would be commenced against the defendant. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1 AB 159.

54 There was then a further meeting between the plaintiff’s officers, JH, and
ET Lim on 23 September 2013. At that meeting, the parties agreed that the
defendant would take over the handling of all third party property damage
claims which fell below S$5,000. In other words, the defendant would be “self-
insured” for these claims, and the plaintiff would cease to provide insurance
coverage for those claims. This agreement was recorded in an email sent by HP
Tan on 27 September 2013. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

1 AB 177.

Subsequently, it appears from the correspondence that JH had raised the
possibility of the defendant taking over all the third party property damage
claims, including those which exceeded S$5,000. HP Tan gave unchallenged
evidence that, since the defendant was taking over at least some of the third
party property damage claims, the plaintiff decided to drop its request for a
banker’s guarantee. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript of 15 June 2020, Page 30, Lines 15 to 22.

In a similar vein, ET Lim explained that the suggested banker’s guarantee,
which was intended to cover potential excess payments arising from the over
560 pending claims, was no longer necessary because the parties had come to an
agreement for the defendant to take over all the third party property damage
claims. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript of 15 June 2020, Page 96, Lines 3 to 21. See also Transcript of 15
June 2020, Page 133, Lines 6 to 22.

ET Lim’s evidence in this regard, like that of HP Tan, was not challenged
under cross-examination.

55 When cross-examined, JH tried to deny that he had agreed to take over the
handling of all the third party claims, and in particular the third party
claims above S$5,000. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

See for example, Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 92, Lines 15 to 20.

I find JH’s attempt to do so quite remarkable, given that it is squarely
contradicted by the correspondence in the period of November and December
2013. In particular, JH’s email of 27 November 2013 to HP Tan where he was
chasing the plaintiff to hand over the files for the pending claims speaks for
itself: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1 AB 200.

Dear Mr Tan,

For this matter;

‘Referring to your telephone conversation of 23 October, 2013, we note your
suggestion to take over the handling of ALL Third Party Property Damage claims
whose quantums [sic] are over and above your self-insured amount. Please
confirm you would deal with such claims involving your own account and when we
may expect you to take over the conduct and control of such claims.’

Pls advise us what step shall we do? Can we meet tomorrow for a short while to
finalize this matter? I notice that despite we have agreed before sometimes in
Aug 2013 that all claims below 5k will be handled by us. Yet, FCI settled the
claims without notified us. How you want to solve matter like this?

[Emphasis in original]

For avoidance of doubt, I should add that the extract in quotation marks in
the email above is an extract from an email from HP Tan to JH dated 19
November 2013, and indicates that JH himself had suggested taking over all
third party property damage claims above S$5,000. It is telling that JH’s
email of 27 November 2013 extracted above did not make any attempt to deny
that he had suggested taking over such third party property damage claims, in
addition to those claims below $$5,000. In any event, there was further
correspondence which appears to have proceeded on the basis that the defendant
would potentially be taking over all third party property damage claims, and
in none of the defendant’s replies was there any refutation of that underlying
basis. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

See for instance, 1 AB 194 and 199.

56 The day after the meeting between the parties on 23 September 2013, the
defendant paid the sum of S$500,000 by way of three cheques of S$400,000,
S$50,000 and S$50,000 (see [17] above). The defendant also paid a further sum
of S$150,000. It is not in dispute that the latter amount was to reduce the
amount of outstanding excess payments.

57 Given the sequence of events, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that the
payment of S$500,000 by the defendant on 23 September 2013 was for the purpose
of reducing the BCP claimed by the plaintiff. It was not for the purpose of
providing a cash deposit as security for either outstanding excess payments or
potential excess payments. I accept HP Tan’s evidence that he never had any
discussion with JH about the amount of S$500,000 being paid as a security
deposit of some sort. JH’s claim that there was such a discussion is not
consistent with the correspondence between the parties at the material time.
There was no reference in any of the correspondence to any security deposit
being paid by the defendant for excess payments, whether outstanding or
potential. In fact, I note that JH could not even provide any specific
particulars as to the alleged discussion he had with HP Tan, for example when,
where, and how it took place. The defendant’s pleadings are deafeningly silent
on any such particulars, and even in his oral evidence, JH could only vaguely
claim that the discussion occurred “during one of the lunches outside the
office” “at the Shenton Way area”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 39, Lines 5 to 20.

This lack of any specificity, coupled with the absence of support for JH’s
claim from the contemporaneous correspondence, renders it impossible for me to
accept the defendant’s assertion that the S$500,000 had been paid as a
security deposit of sorts.

58 I also accept ET Lim’s evidence that the issue of the banker’s guarantee
was dropped after the defendant agreed to take over all the third party claims
for property damage. This is commercially logical since the banker’s guarantee
was sought by the plaintiff to secure potential excess payments. If the
defendant was going to be “self-insured”, there would no longer be any
significant potential excess payments to be claimed from the defendant going
forward. That being the case, it makes no sense for the defendant to have paid
a significant sum of S$500,000 as a deposit for potential excess payments. As
such, I cannot accept JH’s evidence as to the alleged purpose of the S$500,000
payment. I add for completeness that, even if one were to accept that JH had
agreed to take over only the third party claims below S$5,000, that would
still provide a commercially sensible reason for the plaintiff to dispense
with its request for a banker’s guarantee.

59 The correspondence and events that followed the payment quite unequivocally
confirm my view that the S$500,000 was not a security deposit of sorts.

60 On 19 November 2013, HP Tan sent an email to JH chasing for further
payments towards the BCP claimed by the plaintiff. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1 AB 192.

In that email, HP Tan stated that the amount owed by the defendant for the
“paid claims” portion of the BCP was S$1,042,008.50, and that the plaintiff
had only paid S$500,000 towards this BCP amount. There is no doubt that this
is a reference to the S$500,000 dated 23 September 2013 because he
specifically referred to the three cheques and the respective amounts given on
that day. Subsequent to this email, several chasers were sent by HP Tan
seeking payment of the outstanding amount. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

See for example, 1 AB 194 to 196.

61 In his emails in reply, JH never denied or expressed any surprise at HP
Tan’s statement that the S$500,000 had been applied to reduce the amount of
the BCP claimed. He also never asserted that the sum was intended to be a
security deposit for excess payments. Instead, in one email in response dated
27 November 2013, JH questioned why he “still” had to make further payments
towards the BCP. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

1 AB 195.

In my view, the use of the word “still” is telling because it shows that JH
was well aware that he had already paid a substantial sum of S$500,000 towards
the payment of BCP. During cross-examination, when he was questioned on this,
JH’s rather tenuous explanation for this choice of words was that it was “an
early morning 9.04[am]” when he sent that email, and that he might have been
thinking of something else. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 83, Lines 3 to 4.

I have considerable difficulty accepting JH’s somewhat convenient excuse in
his answer.

62 Following yet another meeting between JH and the plaintiff’s officers in
February 2014 to discuss issues relating to both the outstanding excess
payments and the BCP, the plaintiff’s OL Chin sent an email on 25 February
2014 to the defendant’s insurance broker, ET Lim, again stating that the
payment of S$500,000 had been paid towards reduction of the BCP. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

1 AB 213 and 214.

I should add that what is obvious from the evidence as to the meetings held
and correspondence exchanged is how anxious the plaintiff was to settle the
defendant’s liability for the outstanding excess as well. If it was the case
that the parties had agreed that the sum of S$500,000 was a deposit for
potential excess payments, as claimed by the defendant, it is highly
surprising that the plaintiff would have been so anxious to recover the then-
outstanding excess payment amount of approximately S$130,000 from the
defendant. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See, for example, 1 AB 213 to 214, and 1 AB 217 and 221.

After all, the defendant’s business had ceased by September 2013 because its
taxi license had not been renewed, and at least a significant portion of the
third party damage claims had been taken over by the defendant (see [58]
above). That would obviously mean that the potential excess payments of any
pending claims handled by the plaintiff would not be a significant amount.
Quite clearly therefore, the figure of S$500,000, if genuinely held as a
deposit, would be more than sufficient to satisfy the plaintiff’s claim to the
outstanding excess payments. Put simply, there would have been little to stop
the plaintiff from claiming the outstanding excess payment of approximately
S$130,000 from the alleged deposit of $500,000, if it had been paid for the
very purpose of meeting such excess payments. In my judgment, the conduct of
both the plaintiff and defendant after the payment of the S$500,000 is
completely at odds with that sum being held as a deposit for excess payments.

63 The defendant relies heavily on the two payment vouchers for the three
cheques adding up to S$500,000 given to the plaintiff on 24 September 2013. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

4 AB 1848 and 1849.

The defendant points to the fact that it had obtained an acknowledgment by one
of the plaintiff’s employees on the payment vouchers, and that the vouchers
described the payments as a “Deposit” to the plaintiff. In my judgment, I do
not think that this notation on the two payment vouchers takes the defendant
very far.

64 In the first place, I do not agree that the fact that an unidentified
employee of the plaintiff had acknowledged the payment vouchers by initialling
on them is an indication that the plaintiff accepted that the sum of S$500,000
was to be held as a deposit. That is simply reading too much into an
acknowledgment, which is an administrative task when one receives cheques. The
defendant’s approach places undue weight on the acknowledgment and elevates
form over substance. In my judgment, it is still incumbent on the defendant to
show that parties had discussed and agreed that the payment of S$500,000 was
to be held by the plaintiff as a deposit for a specific purpose. If there is
no agreement as to the purpose of that payment, the plaintiff is perfectly
entitled to apply that sum towards its claims against the defendant. As I have
already found, the defendant has simply been unable to establish that there
was any such discussion or agreement.

65 Further, I find that the defendant had the practice of describing many of
its payments to the plaintiff as “deposits” in its accounting documents. For
example, there were four payments made in the second half of 2014 to the
plaintiff of S$50,000 each, where there is no dispute that the payments were
made to reduce the BCP payable. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See for example, JH from [71] to [92].

However, for reasons which JH could not adequately explain, the payment
vouchers for those payments also described them as “deposits”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

4 AB 1857 to 1860.

JH’s attempt in re-examination to explain the description of these payments as
“deposits” on the payment vouchers but as “payments” in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) centred on claiming that (a) he considered the
transaction “completed” because of the Settlement Agreement, and (b) he
“didn’t pay too much attention”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 240, Lines 4 to 14.

I am unable to accept either of these explanations – the former does not
explain why the payment vouchers, which were prepared in 2014, described the
payments as “deposits” when it is not the defendant’s case that they were
deposits at all, and the latter is simply all too convenient. Thus, I find
that the fact that the two payment vouchers for the S$500,000 payment in
September 2013 described the cheques as “Deposit[s]” is not necessarily
indicative of the agreed purpose for the payments.

66 In any event, what is not disputed by the parties is that, in May 2014, the
parties had reached an “in principle” settlement on the issue of the BCP,
where the defendant agreed to pay a further S$500,000 in ten equal instalments
toward BCP. This is recorded in an email from HP Tan to JH on 28 May 2014. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

1 AB 221.

According to JH in his oral evidence, he was prepared to allow his alleged
deposit of S$500,000 paid in September 2013 to be applied by the plaintiff to
pay the BCP. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 140, Line 3 to Page 141, Line 12.

As JH himself acknowledged, the defendant had agreed in May 2014 to pay a
total amount of S$1m for the BCP as a settlement of the plaintiff’s claim of
approximately S$2.6m. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See for example, Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 145, Lines 9 to 15, and Page
147, Lines 20 to 25.

Where the plaintiff’s case differs is that the sum of S$500,000 paid in
September 2013 had always been for the purposes of reducing the BCP owed, and
as such, there was no question of the parties having agreed only in May 2014
to apply that sum to the payment of the BCP. In my judgment, for the reasons I
have set out in this section, I find that the plaintiff’s version of events is
by far more consonant with the correspondence between the parties, and with
commercial sense and logic. As such, I have little hesitation in rejecting
JH’s evidence. Instead, I find that the payment made in September 2013 was
quite clearly a payment by the defendant towards the reduction of the BCP.

The Interpretation of the Settlement Agreement

67 The defendant’s case is that, by July 2014, the issue regarding the BCP
that it had to pay the plaintiff was resolved. On 10 July 2014, the plaintiff
had prepared a draft deed of undertaking and sent it over to JH because the
plaintiff wanted JH to take on the personal obligation of making the payments
on behalf of the defendant. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

1 AB 229 to 234.

In that draft deed, apart from the outstanding excess payments due from the
defendant, it is also recorded that the defendant still owed approximately
S$2.1m in BCP, and would be making payment of another S$500,000 in BCP to the
plaintiff in ten equal monthly instalments. This translated to a total
liability of S$1m for BCP, because the S$2.1m figure was one that had been
reduced from S$2.6m by reason of the S$500,000 already paid in September 2013
(see [50] to [52] above).

68 Pursuant to the compromise reached on the issue of the BCP, and as outlined
above at [20], the defendant made payment of S$200,000 for the BCP in four
S$50,000 instalments over the course of the next few months in the second half
of 2014. However, disputes between the parties continued because of
disagreement over which third party claims would be handled by the plaintiff
and which would be handled by the defendant. This was because the defendant
appeared to have changed its mind about taking over the handling of all third
party claims (see [54] and [55] above). 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

See also 1 AB 324 and 331, and Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 154, Line 21
to Page 160, Line 11.

The defendant also did not make any further payment towards the reduction of
the outstanding excess payments. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS at [166(b)], PCS at [88].

The draft deed of undertaking was also not signed. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1 AB 230 to 234.

69 Eventually, JH and HL Suntek’s ET Lim met with the plaintiff’s officers,
including R Athappan and HP Tan, in mid-March 2015 in a final attempt to
resolve all outstanding issues. The issues in relation to the third party
claims and who would handle them were discussed, but it is not in dispute that
there was no change to the compromise regarding the BCP, that is, the
defendant would pay a total amount of S$1m as the BCP, of which it had already
paid S$500,000 in September 2013 and S$200,000 in the latter part of 2014. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See for example, 1 AB 355. See also Transcript of 12 June 2020, Page 60, Line
2 to Page 61, Line 11.

70 On 1 April 2015, JH sent an email to HP Tan on the issue of the settlement
regarding the BCP. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

1 AB 355.

This email is important because JH stated, inter alia:

1\. Total Burning cost payable are [sic] S$1,000,000.00 of which [the
defendant] has paid S$700,000.00. and the remaining of S$300,000.00 will be
paid immediately upon [the plaintiff] has [sic] provided [the defendant] a
full and final settlement agreement.

[Emphasis added]

He thus unequivocally acknowledged the settlement amount for the BCP being the
figure of S$1m. The other issues raised in the email by JH dealt with the
outstanding excess payments that the defendant would pay the plaintiff, and
which third party claims the defendant now wanted the plaintiff to handle.

71 To this end, the parties exchanged drafts of a settlement agreement. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

See for example, 1 AB 363 to 380.

In these drafts, while there were issues still in dispute, notably regarding
the quantum of outstanding excess payments owed by the defendant, there was no
change to the settlement terms regarding the BCP, that is, the defendant only
had to pay a further sum of S$300,000 as the BCP given that it had already
paid S$700,000 towards the compromise sum of S$1m. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See for example, 1 AB 374 and 379.

72 The defendant’s case relies heavily on the fact that, on 9 July 2015, the
plaintiff’s Victor Tan sent over a new draft of the settlement agreement. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

1 AB 391 to 399.

This draft contained the recitals set out above (at [24]). The defendant
argues that the effect of this draft was to propose revised terms for the
settlement of the plaintiff’s claim to the BCP. According to the defendant, by
the wording of the recitals of this draft, the plaintiff was offering to
settle its BCP claim by accepting a lesser amount of S$500,000. In other
words, the defendant only had to pay another S$300,000, in addition to the
S$200,000 paid in 2014. As for the S$500,000 paid in September 2013, while it
was not expressly stated, the defendant took it as implicit that the sum would
be restored to its status as a deposit for potential excess payments, and
would be refunded to the defendant after the expiry of the limitation period
for claims against the defendant.

73 According to JH, he tried to arrange a meeting with the plaintiff to seek
clarification on these revised terms. But, the plaintiff declined to meet him.
He sent an email to Victor Tan to tell him that the “settlement agreement
facts are not correct”, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

1 AB 400.

but this was rebuffed by Victor Tan, who replied to say that “the terms of the
proposed Settlement Agreement reflect fairly and accurately the compromise
which [the plaintiff] has clearly informed you [the plaintiff] is prepared to
accept”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

1 AB 400.

74 In his oral evidence, JH claimed that he telephoned both Victor Tan and HP
Tan and told them that the terms of settlement regarding the BCP were being
changed, but they both told him to just sign the new draft of the settlement
agreement. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 167, Line 6 to Page 168, Line 18. See also
Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 190, Lines 6 to 11.

Given the plaintiff’s firm stance, JH decided to sign the document as drafted.
The Settlement Agreement was executed on 16 July 2015, and the defendant made
payment of the BCP of S$300,000 as required by its terms. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

1 AB 24.

75 The defendant submits that the plaintiff is bound by the terms of the
Settlement Agreement, which it argues makes clear that the “the bulk of the
actual [BCP]” has been forgiven, and the defendant only has to make a payment
of S$500,000 in full and final settlement of the plaintiff’s claim to BCP. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

1 AB 25 at Recital [C].

76 The parties are largely agreed as to the applicable principles of
contractual interpretation. In Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich
Insurance”) at [131], the Court of Appeal accepted a number of “canons and
techniques of contractual interpretation”. Two such canons are particularly
pertinent to the present case:

[…]

The contextual dimension

Fourthly, the exercise in construction is informed by the surrounding
circumstances or external context. Modern judges are prepared to look beyond
the four corners of a document, or the bare words of an utterance. It is
permissible to have regard to the legal, regulatory, and factual matrix which
constitutes the background in which the document was drafted or the utterance
was made.

Business purpose

Fifthly, within this framework due consideration is given to the commercial
purpose of the transaction or provision. The courts have regard to the overall
purpose of the parties with respect to a particular transaction, or more
narrowly the reason why a particular obligation was undertaken.

…

[Emphasis in original]

These considerations, in particular, will contour the Court’s approach to
interpreting the Settlement Agreement.

77 On the facts, it is clear that the well-documented correspondence detailing
the parties’ discussions satisfies the three well-known Zurich Insurance
requirements for admissibility as it is (a) relevant in outlining the parties’
intentions as to the S$500,000 payment, (b) available to both parties given
that it was exchanged between them, and (c) relates to the clear and obvious
context of the moneys due between the parties and the terms of the Settlement
Agreement ultimately reached. Further, I do not find that the entire agreement
clause included at cl 9(iv) of the Settlement Agreement is any impediment to
my consideration of the context underpinning the Settlement Agreement. The
Court of Appeal in Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and another
appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 held at [41] that entire agreement clauses will
usually not prevent a court from adopting a contextual approach in contractual
interpretation. Rather, as emphasised by the Court in Sheng Siong Supermarket
Pte Ltd v Carilla Pte Ltd [2011] 4 SLR 1094 at [36], the effect of an entire
agreement clause is to render inadmissible extrinsic evidence which reveals
terms inconsistent with those in the written contract. On the facts, I do not
read cl 9(iv) of the Settlement Agreement as precluding recourse to the
relevant context for the purpose of interpreting the text of the Settlement
Agreement.

78 Beyond the abovementioned considerations, the Court of Appeal also made
clear in MCH International Pte Ltd and others v YG Group Pte Ltd and others
and other appeals [2019] 2 SLR 837 at [37] and [38] that the relevant context
to the text of an agreement would include the applicable commercial purpose of
the document. The Court of Appeal recognised that due consideration must be
given to the commercial purpose underpinning why a particular obligation was
undertaken, and cited with approval the decision of the House of Lords in
Mannai Investment Co Ltd v Eagle Star Life Assurance Co Ltd [1997] AC 749
that:

In determining the meaning of the language of a commercial contract … the law
therefore generally favours a commercially sensible construction. The reason
for this approach is that a commercial construction is more likely to give
effect to the intention of the parties. Words are therefore interpreted in the
way which a reasonable commercial person would construe them. And the standard
of the reasonable commercial person is hostile to technical interpretations
and undue emphasis on niceties of language.

[Emphasis original]

The Court of Appeal went on to observe at [41] that avoiding an outcome that
is not commercially sensible is another factor among others which the court
may “give succour to in its task of contractual interpretation”.

79 While I accept the significant role of context in determining the
appropriate interpretation of the Settlement Agreement, I am also cognizant of
the Court of Appeal’s observation in Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup
Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway
Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 at [32], that:

However, an important caveat is necessary at this particular juncture: there
must be a balance between the text and the context. In other words, the
context cannot be utilised as an excuse by the court concerned to rewrite the
terms of the contract according to its (subjective) view of what it thinks the
result ought to be in the case at hand. To this end, the court must always
base its decision on objective evidence. More specifically, whilst there is a
need to avoid an absurd result, this aim cannot be pursued at all costs; it
must necessarily give way if the objective evidence clearly bears out a
causative connection between the absurd result or consequences on the one hand
and the intention of the parties at the time they entered into the contract on
the other … Avoiding an absurd result is thus one factor (albeit a not
unimportant one) which is considered in the entire process of interpretation
by the court. Put simply, the court must ascertain, based on all the relevant
objective evidence, the intention of the parties at the time they entered into
the contract.

[Emphasis original]

Due attention will therefore also have to be paid to the plain text of the
Settlement Agreement, which in any event should be the starting point for
contractual interpretation.

80 Bearing the legal principles above in mind, the Court is being asked in
this case to interpret what Recitals C and D of the Settlement Agreement mean.
Specifically, the Court has to consider whether those recitals mean, as the
defendant contends, that the parties had agreed to settle the plaintiff’s
entire claim to the BCP by the defendant paying a settlement sum of S$500,000,
and that the previous payment of S$500,000 made in September 2013 must be
refunded.

81 In my judgment, the recitals in the Settlement Agreement were simply to
record what the parties had already agreed in order to settle the plaintiff’s
claim for the BCP. In that regard, while they are capable of more than one
reading, I find that Recitals C and D do in fact capture the essence of what
the parties had agreed in relation to the issue of the BCP.

82 Recital C states that that the “actual” BCP owed by the defendant to the
plaintiff is about S$2.6m. This statement accurately records the plaintiff’s
position since August 2013 that approximately S$2.6m in toto is owed by the
defendant under the Policy as the BCP. The defendant now appears to accept
that this is factually the case. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

DCS at [55] and [67].

The recital then goes on to state that, as a gesture of goodwill and on a
without prejudice basis, the plaintiff has agreed to forgive “the bulk” of the
BCP and only require the repayment of the sum of S$500,000. The defendant
argues that this means that the plaintiff has agreed to forgive approximately
S$2.1m of BCP, but the plaintiff argues that it means that the plaintiff has
agreed to forgive only around S$1.6m because S$500,000 had already been paid
in September 2013 to reduce the BCP owed to S$2.1m.

83 In my view, a contextual reading of Recital C shows that the plaintiff’s
contention is the right one. As has already been explained at length (see,
inter alia, [66] above), I find that the defendant had paid S$500,000 in
September 2013 to reduce the amount of BCP owed from S$2.6m to S$2.1m. As
such, the defendant would know very well that the “bulk” of the BCP being
forgiven, bearing in mind its earlier payment in September 2013 of S$500,000,
meant the amount of S$1.6m. This must have been manifestly clear to the
defendant given that there was never any suggestion at any point in time up to
the execution of the Settlement Agreement that the plaintiff would at some
future point in time refund the sum of S$500,000 to the defendant.

84 In fact, as one would recall, since May 2014 when the figure of a total sum
of S$1m was agreed upon as the settlement amount for the BCP claim, there had
never been any discussion between the parties as to a change in that figure of
S$1m.

85 As such, the figure of S$500,000 stated in Recital C as the sum of the BCP
for which the defendant had to pay must clearly have been intended by the
parties as only a reference to the sum of the S$200,000 paid in the second
half of 2014 after the “in principle” settlement was reached, and the
S$300,000 that the defendant had yet to pay. In effect, the recital recorded
the “in principle” agreement reached by the parties in May 2014 that the
defendant only had to pay a further S$500,000 to settle the BCP claim.

86 Hence, Recital D goes on to describe S$500,000 as the “without prejudice
outstanding [BCP]” and explains that it comprises the S$200,000 already paid
and the S$300,000 to be paid upon the signing of the Settlement Agreement. The
earlier S$500,000 paid in September 2013 is not part of the “without prejudice
outstanding [BCP]” simply because it was not “outstanding” as at the time the
“in principle” agreement was reached. It had already been paid to reduce the
claimed BCP to S$2.1m almost two years prior to the signing of the Settlement
Agreement.

87 As such, I find that the defendant’s suggested interpretation of the
Settlement Agreement cannot be supported by a contextual reading of that
document.

88 Quite apart from that, I find that JH himself knew that the Settlement
Agreement did not change the “in principle” agreement between the parties
since May 2014 regarding the issue of the BCP, and that the defendant had no
claim for a refund of the S$500,000 paid in September 2013 arising from the
terms of the Settlement Agreement. I noted that JH’s AEIC does not state his
alleged belief that the effect of the Settlement Agreement was in any way
different from what the parties had agreed on the issue of the settlement of
the BCP claim since May 2014. The contention by the defendant about the
“change” brought about by Victor Tan’s draft of 9 July 2015 was raised only at
trial and in JH’s evidence when he was cross-examined. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See for example, Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 192, Lines 8 to 18. See also
Transcript of 12 June 2020, Page 63, Lines 1 to 15. See in addition Transcript
of 15 June 2020, Page 120, Lines 1 to 9.

89 JH’s oral evidence that he tried to contact the plaintiff for a meeting to
discuss why the terms of the settlement of the BCP were being revised after he
received Victor Tan’s draft settlement agreement on 9 July 2015 is a clear
afterthought. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 178, Line 23 to Page 179, Line 24.

Counsel for the defendant described JH as being “perturbed” and “anxious” by
the revision in the terms. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript of 12 June 2020, Page 156, Lines 16 to 21.

As already mentioned, this evidence is completely absent from JH’s AEIC. It
was also never pleaded that the draft settlement agreement of 9 July 2015 was
a departure from the previously agreed terms regarding the compromise of the
BCP claim.

90 I find that JH also opportunistically embellished his evidence by claiming
that he had telephoned both HP Tan and Victor Tan and told them about the new
revised terms relating to the BCP. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 178, Lines 9 to 14, and Page 179, Lines 12 to
24.

Significantly, this was never put to HP Tan when he was being cross-examined.
This is also unsupported by any of the contemporaneous emails that passed
between JH and the plaintiff’s officers. JH did write to Victor Tan to
complain about the “settlement agreement facts” being different in the draft,
but his emails that followed showed that he was complaining about other terms
relating to the outstanding excess payments, and not any issue relating to the
compromise of the BCP claim. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

1 AB 407.

91 JH indicated in his emails that he wanted to use his earlier draft of the
settlement agreement, and not Victor Tan’s. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

1 AB 405, 407.

When the plaintiff did not respond positively to this, JH wrote to HL Suntek’s
ET Lim to complain that he was being “bullied” by the plaintiff. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

1 AB 421.

Incredibly, he insisted under cross-examination that he was quite willing to
pay the already-agreed sum of S$1m to settle the claim for the BCP, but wanted
to know why the plaintiff was now asking for less from the defendant to settle
the BCP claim. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 265, Lines 18 to 23.

But, if it was in fact the case that JH understood the draft settlement
agreement sent by the plaintiff as a counter-proposal that the total amount of
BCP he would pay be only S$500,000 and not S$1m, and that in effect he would
later get a refund of the S$500,000 he had paid in September 2013, I find it
patently absurd that he would have thought he was being “bullied”. In his
cross-examination, JH could not give any credible explanation as to why he
would be unhappy if he truly thought that the plaintiff was offering to settle
the BCP claim for half of what had been originally agreed and would be
refunding him S$500,000 later. The only explanation JH attempted to make was
an unconvincing reference to the GST and other tax liabilities which might
accrue. I have considerable difficulty with this explanation. Rejecting a
saving of 50% on the BCP payable for 7% of GST, even at its very highest,
appears commercially indefensible to my mind. When this absurdity was pointed
out to JH, all he did was insinuate that “they [referring to the plaintiff]
have some motive” and that he did not believe that the plaintiff would in fact
refund him the S$500,000 deposit. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 283, Line 21 to Page 284, Line 21.

No details were given of any alleged motive, nor do I see any basis for any
such allegations. Accordingly, I reject JH’s evidence in this regard.

92 I also find the defendant’s case to be quite illogical as a matter of
commercial reality. Given that it is undisputed that there were no discussions
whatsoever about any change to the agreed amount of the BCP to be paid, which
had been for a total of S$1m since May 2014, it is inherently unlikely that
the plaintiff would suddenly decide on 9 July 2015 to unilaterally propose
settling the BCP claim at half the previously agreed figure. JH confirmed that
he never asked for any reduction of the BCP settlement sum. He was also unable
to articulate any coherent commercial rationale as to why the plaintiff would
reduce the BCP settlement amount of its own accord.

93 Instead, the truth is that both parties believed, quite correctly, that the
effect of the Settlement Agreement was simply that the defendant had to pay a
further S$300,000 to make a total amount of S$1m of BCP paid to the plaintiff,
and the defendant would thereafter obtain a full and final release from any
other claims in relation to the BCP. That was exactly what the defendant
wanted in JH’s email of 1 April 2015. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

1 AB 355.

That was JH’s only concern as an experienced businessman, in that he did not
want to make any more payments for the BCP until he knew that there would be
some finality to the plaintiff’s claims.

94 The parties’ conduct subsequent to the execution of the Settlement
Agreement and the payment of the S$300,000 due from the defendant for the BCP
is also quite telling. There was an exchange of emails between the plaintiff’s
officers and HL Suntek’s Francis Ng in the days following the execution of the
Settlement Agreement where a statement of account sent by the plaintiff
stating that the S$1m which was outstanding was matched against corresponding
cheques given by the defendant adding up to S$1m, including the three cheques
making up the S$500,000 payment in September 2013. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

1 AB 450, 452, and 471.

No objection was raised by the defendant to this statement.

95 The defendant also raised no issue about seeking repayment of the amount of
S$500,000 until more than two years later on 16 October 2017, when it first
wrote to the plaintiff to ask about the “Goodwill deposit” of S$500,000 paid
in September 2013. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

2 AB 512, 513.

When asked in cross-examination why he remained silent until October 2017, JH
said that he was waiting for the limitation period of six years for third
party claims to expire before claiming his refund because the deposit would be
held as security for potential excess payments. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript of 16 June 2020, Page 219, Lines 10 to 18.

I reject this explanation as lacking in credibility. First of all, the
limitation period of six years for third party claims for property damage
would, in theory, not expire until 28 February 2018, which is six years from
the time the Policy elapsed, and not in October 2017. Second, JH’s reason that
he was waiting for the limitation period to expire before seeking the return
of the deposit is not found anywhere in his AEIC.

96 The more likely explanation is that the defendant has opportunistically
made this claim hoping to capitalise on the ambiguity in the wording of the
recitals in the Settlement Agreement and the use of the word “Deposit” in the
two payment vouchers dated 23 September 2013. As I have already explained,
neither basis actually supports the defendant’s claim to the return of the sum
of S$500,000.

97 For the above reasons, I find that the proper interpretation of the
Settlement Agreement is simply that the defendant would have to pay the
plaintiff a further S$300,000 upon the execution of the agreement, and that
the parties would then have fully and finally settled the claims to the BCP.
There is no basis to suggest that the Settlement Agreement reduced the
compromised BCP sum to S$500,000 from S$1m, and that the defendant would get a
refund of the S$500,000 it paid in September 2013.

98 Given my findings above, there is no need for me to consider the issues of
mistake, estoppel, unjust enrichment, and resulting trust. Without going into
details, the facts do not appear to disclose any mistake by either party, and
there is also no clear and unequivocal representation that would give rise to
any estoppel. The wording of the recitals, read in their proper context,
simply does not give rise to the representations alleged by the defendant.
Similarly, I do not find that there is any justification for unjust enrichment
or a resulting trust arising from the facts because there is no failure of
basis. The S$500,000 paid in September 2013 had been for the specific purpose
of reducing the amount of the BCP, and it cannot be said that it had been paid
for a purpose which had been thwarted or foiled such that a resulting trust
might arise. In a similar vein, there is no failure of basis because the basis
for the payment of the S$500,000 was unambiguously for the BCP owed. Simply
put, several of the legal contentions raised by the defendant do not require
my consideration at all given my factual findings.

Conclusion

99 For the reasons set out in this judgment, I grant the plaintiff a
declaration that the sum of S$500,000 paid by the defendant to the plaintiff
in September 2013 was paid towards the BCP under the Policy, and that the
defendant is accordingly not entitled to any refund of that amount. I also
dismiss the defendant’s counterclaim.

100 I will deal with the issue of costs separately.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Lok Vi Ming SC, Lee Sien Liang Joseph and Yap Pei Yin (LVM Law Chambers LLC)
for the plaintiff;

Aqbal Singh a/l Kuldip Singh and Cheng Cui Wen (Pinnacle Law LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Nov 2020 (18:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

