Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 50

Originating Summons No 698 of 2019

Between

(1)| Aavanti Offshore Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation)  
---|---  
|  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Bab Al Khail General Trading  
---|---  
(2)| Aavanti Industries Pte Ltd (in Liquidation)  
|  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Credit and security] — [Charges]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Aavanti Offshore Pte Ltd

  

(in creditors’ voluntary liquidation)

  

v

  

Bab Al Khail General Trading and another

[2020] SGHC 50

High Court — Originating Summons No 698 of 2019  
Aedit Abdullah J  
25 November 2019

31 March 2020 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The liquidators of Aavanti Offshore Pte Ltd (“the liquidators”), who is the
applicant in this Originating Summons, sought various orders, directions and
declarations relating to the validity of certain security interests that the
applicant had granted over its assets, as well as the validity of debit notes
issued to the applicant’s subsidiary. The two respondents, creditors of the
applicant, take different positions on these various matters sought.

2 The applicant is a Singaporean company currently in liquidation, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s affidavit dated 26 August 2019 (“Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st
affidavit”) at para 4; Lin Yueh Hung’s affidavit dated 29 May 2019 (“Lin Yueh
Hung’s 1st affidavit”) at para 3

which owns about 95% of the share capital in PT Palm Lestari Makmur (“PT
Palm”), a company incorporated in Indonesia. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 8

The shares of PT Palm are key assets of the applicant. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 8

The 1st respondent is Bab Al Khail General Trading (“BAB”), a United Arab
Emirates entity. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at para 3

The 2nd respondent, Aavanti Industries Pte Ltd (“AIPL”), is a Singaporean
company which is now in liquidation after having gone through judicial
management for some time. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Andrew Grimmett’s affidavit dated 30 August 2019 (“Andrew Grimmett’s 1st
affidavit”) at paras 7–8

AIPL is the sole shareholder of the applicant, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at paras 1 and 6

and had the same sole director as the applicant. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 4; BAB’s submissions dated 18 November
2019 (“BAB’s submissions”) at para 28; Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at pp
55 and 76

Background

3 In June 2012, the applicant entered into a Convertible Loan Agreement
(“CLA”) with Sawit Plantations Pte Ltd (“Sawit”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at para 15

Under the CLA, Sawit made available to the applicant a loan facility of up to
US$10,000,000. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at para 15

The applicant subsequently drew a total of US$9,885,000 from this facility. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at para 21

Clauses 7.6 and 9.1 of the CLA contained putative arrangements for the
applicant to grant security in favour of Sawit. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at para 18

These clauses are the subject of the dispute and are discussed in greater
detail below.

4 Subsequently, Sawit entered into an Assignment Agreement (“AA”) with BAB
under which Sawit unconditionally and irrevocably assigned to BAB all amounts
due and payable by the applicant to Sawit under the CLA and “all Sawit’s
rights, title and interest” under the CLA. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at para 22

BAB gave the applicant notice of this assignment. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at para 23

5 Around 12 February 2018, the applicant passed a resolution to place itself
in provisional liquidation. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 13

About a week after, BAB issued a letter of demand to the applicant, stating
that the applicant had breached their obligations under the CLA by failing to
pay the annual interest owed to BAB, and hence that BAB could “immediately
exercise the pledge on… all assets of [the applicant]”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at para 38(c) and pp 138–139

Pursuant to the AA, BAB then lodged a proof of debt against the applicant for
the sum of US$13,202,051.40 against the applicant, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at paras 17–18

representing the drawdown from the loan facility, inclusive of interest and
subject to additional interest. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at pp 19–23

6 The liquidators were appointed in March 2018. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 14

BAB wrote to the applicant demanding that the liquidators execute the
necessary security documents to perfect BAB’s entitlement to security over the
applicant’s assets, including the shares of PT Palm that the applicant owns.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 19

7 The liquidators obtained legal advice on the validity of the entitlement to
security claimed by BAB. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 20

They were advised to execute the security documents to give effect to the
entitlement to security. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 20

BAB and AIPL’s consent was sought for the liquidators to proceed to give
effect to BAB’s erstwhile entitlement to the security pursuant to the CLA, in
order to resolve the matter expediently. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 22

BAB agreed, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 24

but AIPL objected and disputed BAB’s entitlement to the security. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 23

8 While under judicial management, AIPL issued two debit notes (“Debit Notes”)
to PT Palm for a total sum of US$455,000. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at paras 26–27

The Debit Notes were described as “Being management fees for the following
period: December 2010 to July 2017” and “Being management fees for the
following period: January 2018”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at paras 26–27 and pp 231 and 233

9 BAB subsequently wrote to the applicant, raising concerns as to whether the
Debit Notes were justified. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 29

PT Palm also wrote to AIPL, rejecting the validity of the Debit Notes. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 30

Thereafter, BAB wrote to the applicant requesting that the latter apply to
court to determine the validity of the Debit Notes. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s 1st affidavit at para 31

The parties’ cases

The applicant’s case

10 The liquidators applied to court pursuant to s 310(1) of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”), seeking the following: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Applicant’s submissions dated 18 November 2019 (“Applicant’s submissions”) at
para 7

(a) a request that the liquidators be authorised to appoint solicitors to
assist them;

(b) a declaration that the applicant is bound by the terms of the CLA;

(c) a declaration that the applicant is obliged to encumber all its assets,
including the shares in PT Palm owned by the applicant, for the benefit of
BAB;

(d) an order that the liquidators execute all security documents as
appropriate to comply with the CLA; and

(e) declarations that the Debit Notes are void and/ or invalid, or in the
alternative, a direction that the liquidators proceed with the liquidation on
such a basis.

11 In relation to BAB’s entitlement to security, the legal opinion given to
the liquidators concluded that the debt under the CLA was validly attached,
the CLA was validly assigned from Sawit to BAB, and that BAB’s entitlement to
security was enforceable, with the debt due to BAB having priority to
unsecured debts. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Applicant’s submissions at para 23

12 The liquidators could not verify the proof of debt of the Debit Notes. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Applicant’s submissions at para 27

They claimed standing to apply for declarations in respect of these notes.
They also argued that determination of the validity of the Debit Notes was
necessary as recognition of the Debit Notes would affect the value of the
applicant’s shares in PT Palm, and thus on the realisable value of such
shares. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Applicant’s submissions at para 30

They further contended that pursuant to s 269(1) of the Companies Act, affairs
pertaining to the shares in PT Palm were within the applicant’s custody and/
or control, as the applicant is PT Palm’s majority shareholder. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Applicant’s submissions at para 33

By letter, PT Palm agreed to submit to the court’s findings in this
application. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Applicant’s submissions at para 34

13 The liquidators were purportedly prepared to proceed on the basis of the
legal opinion that they had obtained. They argue that they were compelled to
take out the present application as AIPL disagreed with BAB’s entitlement to
security while BAB disputed the validity of the Debit Notes. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Applicant’s submissions at paras 35–37

BAB’s case

14 BAB argues that the applicant is obliged to encumber its assets in favour
of BAB, and that the court should order the execution of the necessary
security documents. Clause 9.1 of the CLA purportedly makes clear that parties
intended for the applicant to confer on BAB the beneficial interest in all of
the applicant’s assets as security for the loan. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 17–18

If the security documents are not executed now, the applicant would have
unfairly obtained a windfall at BAB’s expense. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 23–34

Ordering execution of the security documents is not an unfair preference as it
occurs after the commencement of winding up, which is outside the prohibited
period, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 35–52

and it is not a void disposition under s 259 Companies Act as BAB already had
beneficial title to the assets. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 53–63

The security interest is not void for lack of registration under s 131 of the
Companies Act as it is not a charge, but merely an entitlement to security. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 69–70

15 BAB also contends that the court should grant a declaration that the Debit
Notes are void or invalid as the applicant is the proper party to apply to
determine the validity of the Debit Notes for several reasons. First, as AIPL
is in liquidation, PT Palm can only commence proceedings against AIPL with
leave of court. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

BAB’s submissions at para 105

Moreover, the sole director of PT Palm cannot be found and/ or is
uncooperative. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

BAB’s submissions at para 106

On the other hand, the applicant is the majority shareholder of PT Palm and
thus has an interest in PT Palm’s assets. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

BAB’s submissions at para 111

The proceedings will also have an impact on the PT Palm shares, which are the
main assets of the applicant, as the Debit Notes (if valid) will diminish the
value of such shares. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

BAB’s submissions at para 110

Finally, AIPL has not itself commenced proceedings against PT Palm to recover
the sum allegedly due and owing under the Debit Notes. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

BAB’s submissions at para 109

16 BAB further submits that PT Palm had, through its solicitors, agreed to be
bound by the decision of this court in relation to the Debit Notes. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 116–118

17 BAB highlights PT Palm’s confirmation that there was no valid basis for the
Debit Notes to have been issued, and contends that AIPL has failed to produce
any credible evidence to substantiate the Debit Notes. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 85–103

AIPL’s case

18 AIPL argues that the applicant does not owe BAB any security interest since
no security documents were executed. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AIPL’s submissions dated 18 November 2019 (“AIPL’s submissions”) at para 35

Since parties did not intend for cl 9.1 of the CLA to create an immediate
security interest, cl 9.1 itself does not create any equitable security
interest. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AIPL’s submissions at para 40

Even if the CLA is intended to create or does create an equitable security
interest, the equitable security interest created is a floating charge which
is void against the applicant for lack of registration under s 131 of the
Companies Act. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AIPL’s submissions at para 2

There has also been an inordinate delay in enforcing any such equitable
security and the equitable doctrine of laches disentitles BAB from the benefit
of any such equitable security interest created. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AIPL’s submissions at para 2

19 Further, AIPL maintains that the Debit Notes are valid. It contends that
the proper party to dispute the Debit Notes is PT Palm and not the applicant
and/or BAB, who are not parties to the Debit Notes. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AIPL’s submissions at paras 73–77

In any case, the Debit Notes are valid and enforceable as they are based on an
understanding reached at a meeting on 21 December 2017 between one Mr Perumal
s/o Samikavandan (“Mr Perumal”) on PT Palm’s behalf, and the judicial managers
of AIPL. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AIPL’s submissions at para 79

Pursuant to this understanding, PT Palm would reimburse AIPL for paying Mr
Perumal and Mr Edmond Perera’s (“Mr Perera”) salaries on its behalf. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AIPL’s submissions at para 61; Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at para 42

Issues to be determined

20 The issues to be decided are as follows:

(a) whether a declaration that the CLA is binding on the applicant should be
granted;

(b) what security interest is conferred by cl 9.1 of the CLA, if any;

(c) the validity of any security interest(s) created by cl 9.1 of the CLA;

(d) whether the requirements to grant a declaration in respect of the Debit
Notes are met;

(e) if such requirements are met, whether the Debit Notes are valid;

(f) if such requirements are not met, whether to give a direction to the
liquidators to proceed as though the Debit Notes are void;

(g) whether to grant an order that the liquidators are authorised to appoint
solicitors to assist them; and

(h) whether the court should order costs of these proceedings to be paid out
of the applicant’s assets, before disbursement to the creditors.

While a number of the orders sought were not contested, the basis of such
orders would still have to be considered.

Declaration that the applicant is bound by the CLA terms

21 The liquidators seek a declaration that the applicant is bound by the terms
of the CLA. However, they have failed to satisfy the requirements for granting
declaratory relief that were laid down by the Court of Appeal in Karaha Bodas
Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112
(“Karaha Bodas”) (at [14]):

(a) the court must have the jurisdiction and power to award the remedy;

(b) the matter must be justiciable in the court;

(c) as a declaration is a discretionary remedy, it must be justified by the
circumstances of the case;

(d) the plaintiff must have locus standi to bring the suit and there must be a
real controversy for the court to resolve;

(e) any person whose interests might be affected by the declaration should be
before the court; and

(f) there must be some ambiguity or uncertainty about the issue in respect of
which the declaration is asked for so that the court’s determination would
have the effect of laying such doubts to rest.

22 There is no real controversy or uncertainty as regards the CLA. Neither
respondent contests the validity or the binding nature of the CLA. The
language of the CLA appears quite definitive; cl 17.2 explicitly states that
the CLA shall be a “valid and binding obligation” of the applicant. It is hard
to see why any such declaration is in fact required. No order is made on this.

Issues pertaining to the security interest

23 The questions in relation to the security purportedly created under the CLA
were: what security interest was in fact granted; and whether the security is
valid.

What security interest is granted by cl 9.1

24 The CLA was originally between Sawit and the applicant; BAB’s arguments
were made on the basis that the AA is valid and that any rights belonging to
Sawit under the CLA now belong to BAB. There was no real dispute on this
point. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Applicant’s submissions at para 23; AIPL’s submissions at para 17

For ease of reference however, Sawit is taken as the lender mentioned in the
CLA.

25 Clause 9.1 purports to grant security to Sawit: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at p 92

For purposes of clarity in addition to clause 7 hereinbefore,

(i) In order to secure the due and punctual repayment of the Loan owed by the
[applicant] and the performance by the [applicant] of its obligations
hereunder, [Sawit] shall require the [applicant] to Encumber all assets of the
[applicant] for the benefit of [Sawit] or any other party nominated by
[Sawit];

(ii) Encumber the bank account registered under the name of the [applicant]
for the benefit of [Sawit] or any other party nominated by [Sawit];

(iii) Procure and ensure that all of its shareholders grant pledge over all
issued and paid-up shares held by them in the [applicant] and the investments
of the [applicant] in any other entity for the benefit of [Sawit] or any other
party appointed by [Sawit]; (collectively referred to as “Security”)

and the [applicant] and its shareholders shall execute and deliver to [Sawit]
the agreements in respect of the Security and any related documents in the
form and substance satisfactory to [Sawit] (the “Security Documents”)

[emphasis in original]

26 The difficulty in the present case is that the security documents were not
executed, and AIPL has taken issue with the validity and perfection of the
security.

The security under cl 9.1(iii)

27 There is an issue as regards the scope of the rights conveyed by cl
9.1(iii) – whether it extends to security over the shares held in the
applicant and investments by the applicant in any other entity. BAB took an
expansive view of the security granted under the CLA. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 13(c) and 13(d)

28 A plain reading of cl 9.1(iii) gives Sawit the right to require the
applicant to procure and ensure that all of its shareholders grant pledge over
all issued and paid-up shares held by them in the applicant and the
investments of the applicant in any other entity, for the benefit of Sawit or
such other party appointed by Sawit. The sole shareholder of the applicant, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Per [2] above

AIPL, did not execute any security documents needed to grant any such pledge
of its shares in the applicant. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at para 19

Nevertheless, any potential action that can be pursued by BAB against AIPL is
not before me and I do not have to decide this issue.

29 BAB further submits that the CLA required the applicant to grant a pledge
over its investments in other entities. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

BAB’s submissions at para 13(d)

This interpretation seems to stem from a reading of cl 9.1 in the following
manner: “[Sawit] shall require the [applicant] to… grant pledge over… the
investments of the [applicant] in any other entity for the benefit of
[Sawit]…” However, this reading omits crucial words from the original language
of cl 9.1 and goes against cl 9.1’s natural plain meaning. The clause actually
reads: “[Sawit] shall require the [applicant] to… [p]rocure and ensure that
all of its shareholders grant pledge over all issued and paid-up shares held
by them in the [applicant] and the investments of the [applicant] in any other
entity for the benefit of [Sawit]…” BAB did not address why the clause should
be construed in a way that is different from its plain meaning. I find that
the plain meaning should be taken to be the objective intentions of the
parties, and hence the clause does not require the applicant to grant any
pledge, but merely to procure and ensure that its shareholders grant the
stated pledge.

The security under cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii)

30 BAB argues that cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii) did not create charges and are
merely entitlements to security, and the court should order execution of the
necessary security documents. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Per [14] above

BAB seems to have implicitly accepted that the clauses are agreements to
create charges. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

BAB’s submissions at para 67

Conversely, AIPL argues that the clauses created floating charges. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Per [18] above

31 The applicable approach when construing whether and what security interest
is created was laid down in Diablo Fortune Inc v Duncan, Cameron Lindsay and
another [2018] 2 SLR 129 (“Diablo”) at [57]): first, to identify the rights
conferred under the security; and second, to identify the appropriate legal
characterisation of such rights.

32 A plain reading shows that the rights conferred by cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii)
are:

(a) the right of Sawit to “require” the applicant to encumber all of its
assets for the benefit of Sawit or any other party nominated by Sawit (per cl
9.1(i));

(b) the right of Sawit to “require” the applicant to encumber the bank account
registered under its name for the benefit of Sawit or any other party
nominated by Sawit (per cl 9.1(ii)); and

(c) the right of Sawit to compel the applicant and its shareholders to
“execute and deliver to [Sawit] the agreements” in respect of cl 9.1(i) and cl
9.1(ii) (per cl 9.1);

33 There are two issues of characterisation which need to be resolved: (1)
whether the clauses convey legal security interests or are mere agreements to
create security interests; and (2) what the nature of the security interests
are.

Whether the clauses convey legal security interests

34 Clause 9.1 is not stand-alone but only clarificatory in nature and meant
“for purposes of clarity in addition to clause 7 hereinbefore”. Hence, cl 7,
particularly cl 7.6, must first be considered. Clause 7.6 provides: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at p 91

[Sawit] shall have an exclusive lien on all assets purchased and/or owned by
the [applicant]. If any such assets are sold or otherwise disposed off [sic]
by the [applicant], [Sawit] shall have the first lien on the proceeds from
such sale or disposal to the extent of the Loan outstanding of [Sawit].

35 If cl 7.6 is read in isolation from cl 9.1, it appears that a legal
security interest is granted by the applicant to Sawit over all the
applicant’s assets, because cl 7.6 does not mention that the security interest
only takes effect on the occurrence of a contingent event or on a future date.
This is supported by the finding in Diablo which deals with a clause
substantially similar to cl 7.6. Diablo held that the clause was not merely an
agreement to create a security, but created one itself, since the interest was
not expressed to only arise in the future. The Diablo clause reads (at [10]):

The Owners [ie, Diablo] to have a lien upon all cargoes, sub-hires and sub-
freights belonging or due to the Charterers [ie, the Company] or any sub-
charterers and any Bill of Lading freight for all claims under this Charter,
and the Charterers [ie, the Company] to have a lien on the Vessel for all
moneys paid in advance and not earned.

36 The phrase “to have a lien upon all cargoes” in the Diablo clause is
substantially similar to the phrase “shall have an exclusive lien on all
assets” in cl 7.6 of the CLA in that both do not mention that the security
interest only takes effect on the occurrence of a contingent event or on a
future date.

37 Notwithstanding the above, cl 7.6 must be read in light of cl 9.1, which is
intended to explicate cl 7. Clause 9.1 makes it clear that a security interest
is not immediately granted, but that a further step through the execution and
delivery of security documents is needed to execute these security interests.
This is not disputed by the parties, who both agree that cl 9.1 does not
convey any legal security interest. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AIPL’s submissions at para 35; Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at para 24;
Vinod Kumar Jaria’s affidavit dated 6 October 2019 at para 6(c)

38 A difference in effect thus arises between construing cl 7.6 on its own,
and reading it with cl 9; cl 7.6 in itself conveys a legal security interest,
while cl 9.1 is merely an agreement to execute security interests. Reading the
two clauses together harmoniously, cl 9.1 serves to develop the operation of
cl 7.6 by setting out the mechanism by which the security interest in cl 7.6
will be granted, namely by way of the security documents that the applicant is
bound to execute and deliver to Sawit. Hence, when cl 7.6 is read with cl 9.1,
cl 7.6 should similarly be read as an agreement to execute security interests.
In any case, it does not matter whether cll 7.6 and 9.1 are characterised as
legal security interests or agreements to create security interests which
potentially create equitable charges, because, as will be shown below (see
[63] below), both characterisations constitute charges under s 4 of the
Companies Act and are void for lack of registration.

39 Following from the above, cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii) are obligations to execute
security interests in favour of Sawit, in respect of “all assets of the
[applicant]” (per cl 9.1(i)), as well as “the bank account registered under
the name of the [applicant]” (per cl 9.1(ii)). If cl 9.1(i) was read in
isolation, I would have thought that “all assets” inherently include the bank
account registered under the applicant’s name, since the bank account is also
an asset. However, since the bank account is covered under cl 9.1(ii), the
objective intention of the parties must be that cl 9.1(i) refers to all
assets, excluding the bank account. Such an interpretation prevents cl 9.1(ii)
from being otiose.

What the nature of the security interest is

40 Clauses 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii) do not specify the nature of the security
interest, only providing that Sawit shall require the applicant to encumber
the security assets. “Encumber” is defined in cl 1.1(j) of the CLA to mean:

Any encumbrance of any kind whatever and includes any security interest,
mortgage, deed of trust, lien, judgement, hypothecation, pledge, tax lien,
assessment, restriction or burden or any other right or claim of others,
affecting the assets and any restrictive covenant or other agreement,
restriction or limitation on the assets or shares of the [applicant].

41 This definition is extremely broad and similarly does not specify the exact
nature of the security interest that may be encumbered. Hence, it is necessary
to first construe the nature of the security interest in cl 7.6 before
returning to cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii), which are only meant to clarify cl 7.

42 The applicant adduced a legal opinion from their solicitors which argued
that cl 7.6 was a contractual possessory lien. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Applicant’s submissions at Annex B, paras 32–34

Neither AIPL nor BAB seems to have made submissions on the nature of the
security interest conveyed by cl 7.6. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AIPL’s submissions at paras 33-50; BAB’s submissions at paras 63–71

43 In my view, the security interest conveyed by cl 7.6 is a floating charge.
Although the security interest is described in cl 7.6 as an exclusive lien,
the wording of the clause is not conclusive. As noted in Diablo at [57], the
characterisation of a security interest should be done with an emphasis on
substance, not form. The subjective intentions of the parties or the labels
used are not determinative (Diablo at [57]).

44 Applying these principles, it is clear that the security interest in cl 7.6
is not actually a lien. A true lien requires the holder of the lien to have
possession of the assets over which the lien is asserted. The same point is
underscored in Michael Bridge et al, The Law of Personal Property (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2018) (“Bridge”), which states at p 377: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See also Tan Yock Lin, Personal Property Law (Academy Publishing, 2014) (“Tan
Yock Lin”) at pp 1078, 1079, 1090, 1092 and 1168

“As with all possessory liens, the holder of a contractual lien must have
possession of the assets over which the lien is asserted; if this is not
obtained, then there is no lien.”

45 The security interest granted by cl 7.6 is not a lien as it is non-
possessory. It does not confer on Sawit a right to take possession of the
applicant’s assets. Instead, it allows the applicant to possess and deal with
the assets as it pleases, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at para 26(b)

even being able to “[sell] or otherwise dispose[]” of them. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Vinod Kumar Jaria’s 1st affidavit at p 91

This must be the objective intention of the parties as the security is over
all assets; if Sawit had possession over all of the applicant’s assets, it
would be impossible for the applicant to conduct its business. Sawit has also
never had any other form of possession over the assets as the applicant has
never transferred possession of any of its assets to Sawit and/ or BAB. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at para 26(a)

46 Clause 7.6 is hence a contractual non-possessory lien, which is not a true
lien, but is in substance a charge. As stated in Bridge at p 377: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See also Tan Yock Lin at p 1090

“… A ‘contractual lien’ agreed between the parties but not requiring
possession is therefore very likely to be characterised as a charge, a
security that does not depend on possession.”

47 In Diablo, the Court of Appeal held (at [58]) that the contractual non-
possessory lien over sub-freights was actually a floating charge because it
exhibited the defining characteristics of a floating charge. These defining
characteristics include the three requirements found in In re Yorkshire
Woolcombers Association Ltd [1903] 2 Ch 284, that: (Diablo at [38], [58]):

(a) It is a charge on a class of assets of a company both present and future.

(b) This class of assets is one which would, in the ordinary course of
business of the company, be changing from time to time.

(c) It is contemplated that until some future step is taken by or on behalf of
those interested in the charge, the company may carry on business in the
ordinary way so far as this class of assets is concerned.

48 In addition, the other characteristics exhibited by the security in Diablo
were that (at [58]):

(a) The security created an equitable assignment of sub-freights earned by the
grantor to the grantee, which was not absolute but by way of security.

(b) The grantee had a dormant right to claim the sub-freights in fulfilment of
the grantor’s obligations under the charter.

(c) Such right was exercisable after notice of the lien was given to the
grantor.

49 In making this holding, the Court of Appeal observed that “the holder of a
lien on sub-freights enjoys rights that are no different from a floating
chargee” (at [44]), and that (at [46]):

In practical terms, the floating chargee’s position (before crystallisation)
is not materially different from that of a lien holder… until crystallisation,
the rights of the floating chargee are inchoate. The chargee is incapable of
asserting any proprietary or possessory right to any specific asset even if
dispositions of the assets are made outside the chargor’s ordinary course of
business or in breach of the terms of the debenture creating the floating
charge… The constraint placed on the chargor is therefore fairly weak and in
the absence of a negative pledge or some other restriction in the terms of the
debenture giving rise to the floating charge, there is little separating the
positions of the floating chargee and the lien holder.

50 Clause 7.6 therefore appears to create a floating charge as it exhibits the
defining characteristics of one: (1) the security created is a charge on the
assets of the applicant both present and future; (2) the applicant’s assets
would be changing from time to time in the ordinary course of business; (3) it
is contemplated that until some future step is taken, the applicant may carry
on its business in the ordinary way so far as its assets are concerned; (4)
the cl is an equitable assignment of the assets by way of security, and not
absolutely; and (5) the claim over the assets is a dormant one which has to be
activated by giving notice to the applicant, as the assets are in the
possession of the applicant for its business purposes.

51 Since cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii) are meant to clarify cl 7, and the nature of
the security in cl 7.6 is a floating charge, cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii) must be
similarly interpreted to refer to a floating charge.

52 For the above reasons, I find that cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii) are agreements to
execute a floating charge in respect of all assets of the applicant, as well
as the bank account registered under the name of the applicant.

Whether the security interests under cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii) are valid

53 BAB argued that s 131(1) of the Companies Act does not apply to an
agreement to create a charge, and since no valid charge has been created, its
security interests are not void for failure of registration. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 64–71

AIPL contended that an equitable floating charge arose at the time of
contracting, and is void for want of registration under s 131(1) of the
Companies Act. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AIPL’s submissions at paras 46–50

Legal framework for registration of charges

54 Section 131(1) of the present Companies Act provides that where a charge to
which s 131 applies is not registered within 30 days of its creation, it shall
be void against the liquidator and any creditor of the company. Section
131(3AA) of the present Companies Act provides that s 131 applies to any
charge that:

(a) falls under the version of s 131(3) that was in force immediately before
the date of commencement of s 63 of the Companies (Amendment) Act 2014 (Act 36
of 2014) (“Companies (Amendment) Act 2014”); and

(b) was created before that date.

55 Section 63 of the Companies (Amendment) Act 2014 provided for the amendment
of s 131 of the Companies Act, and its date of commencement was 3 January 2016
(para 2 of the Companies (Amendment) Act 2014 (Commencement) (No. 2)
Notification 2015). Hence, the version of s 131(3) which was in force
immediately before the date of commencement of s 63 of the Companies
(Amendment) Act 2014 is the version of the Companies Act as at 2 January 2016
(“Companies Act 2016”).

56 The charges that fall under s 131(3) of the Companies Act 2016 include:

(c) a charge on shares of a subsidiary of a company which are owned by the
company;

…

(f) a charge on book debts of the company;

(g) a floating charge on the undertaking or property of a company;

…

57 It is noted that only s 131(3)(g) refers to a floating charge whereas the
other sub-sections of s 131(3) refer to a charge. This difference must have
been intentional, such that only floating charges of the undertaking or
property of a company must be registered, whereas both fixed and floating
charges of the other categories of assets listed must be registered.

58 The definitions of a charge are identical under both the Companies Act and
the Companies Act 2016. Pursuant to s 4 of the Companies Act 2016, a charge
includes “any agreement to give or execute a charge… whether upon demand or
otherwise”. It was held in Diablo (at [67]) that an agreement to execute a
charge does not have to be specifically enforceable in order to constitute a
charge under s 4 of the Companies Act, and that s 4 of the Companies Act is
broad enough to cover even an agreement to create a charge which is
conditional on the occurrence of a contingent event. The court further
affirmed (at [67]) the holding in United Overseas Bank Ltd v The Asiatic
Enterprises (Pte) Ltd [1999] 2 SLRI 671 that “an option to take or create a
charge is no different in truth from agreeing to give or execute a charge”.

59 Hence, an agreement to execute a floating charge on any undertaking,
property, book debts or shares of a subsidiary of a company owned by the
company, would all fall under s 131(3) of the Companies Act 2016. If they also
fulfil the second criterion of being created before 3 January 2016, s 131(1)
of the present Companies Act would apply to require registration.

Validity of the charges in cl 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii)

60 As mentioned, cl 9.1(i) is an agreement to execute a floating charge over
all the assets of the applicant, excluding the registered bank account of the
applicant. Read with s 4 Companies Act 2016, cl 9.1(i) falls under s 131(3)(g)
of the Companies Act 2016. Alternatively, to the extent that the assets
contain shares of a subsidiary of a company owned by the applicant, cl 9.1(i)
would also fall under s 131(3)(c) of the Companies Act 2016; and to the extent
that the assets contain book debts, cl 9.1(i) would also fall under s
131(3)(f) of the Companies Act 2016.

61 Clause 9.1(ii) is an agreement to execute a floating charge over the
registered bank account of the applicant. This would constitute a charge over
“the undertaking or property of a company” and fall under s 131(3)(g) of the
Companies Act 2016. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AIPL’s submissions at paras 47 and 50

62 The date of creation of both cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii) was 1 June 2012, before
the date of commencement of s 63 of the Companies (Amendment) Act 2014. By
virtue of s 131(3AA), the registration requirements of s 131(1) of the present
Companies Act apply to both cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii). Since the charges were not
registered within 30 days after their creation, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at para 27 and pp 48–51

they are void against the liquidator and any creditor of the applicant.

Equitable charge

63 It is not necessary to discuss AIPL’s contention that an agreement to
create a floating charge amounts to an equitable charge under the common law.
Section 4 of the Companies Act makes it sufficiently clear that an agreement
to create a floating charge amounts to a charge under the Companies Act, and
this statutory definition is all that is needed to resolve this issue.

Conclusion on the security interest issue

64 From the foregoing, there is no valid security interest owed by the
applicant to BAB under cl 9.1.

65 I respond briefly to some points made by BAB. First, even if AIPL receives
a windfall as a result of the invalidity of the charges, this is simply the
legal consequence of the agreement that was entered into. Second, it is
irrelevant whether AIPL had knowledge or notice of the CLA. The Companies Act
makes it clear that non-registration of a charge renders it void, regardless
of whether other creditors had notice of the charge.

66 There is no need to deal with BAB’s arguments on unfair preference and void
disposition (per [14] above) as the security interests have been found to be
charges, which have been found to be void. For the same reason, there is also
no need to deal with AIPL’s argument on laches.

Issues pertaining to the Debit Notes

Whether the requirements to grant a declaration are met

67 The applicant seeks a declaration that the Debit Notes are void and/ or
invalid. The legal requirements to grant a declaration as established by
Karaha Bodas have been set out at [21] above and are reproduced here for ease
of reference:

(a) the court must have the jurisdiction and power to award the remedy;

(b) the matter must be justiciable in the court;

(c) as a declaration is a discretionary remedy, it must be justified by the
circumstances of the case;

(d) the plaintiff must have locus standi to bring the suit and there must be a
real controversy for the court to resolve;

(e) any person whose interests might be affected by the declaration should be
before the court; and

(f) there must be some ambiguity or uncertainty about the issue in respect of
which the declaration is asked for so that the court’s determination would
have the effect of laying such doubts to rest.

Not all interested parties are joined

68 Requirement (e) of the Karaha Bodas requirements provides that all parties
with affected interests should be before the court. This rule originated from
the case of London Passenger Transport Board v Moscrop [1942] 1 AC 332
(“Moscrop”). There, the plaintiff sought a declaration that a contract between
his employer and a trade union was void for violation of an anti-
discrimination provision, as it allowed the employer to discriminate against
persons not in that trade union. However, the affected trade union was not
joined as a party. Viscount Maugham refused the declaration, stating (at 345)
that:

… the courts have always recognized that persons interested are or may be
indirectly prejudiced by a declaration made by the court in their absence, and
that, except in very special circumstances, all persons interested should be
made parties, whether by representation orders or otherwise, before a
declaration by its terms affecting their rights is made…

69 This requirement was first accepted by the Court of Appeal in Karaha Bodas.
It was later applied by the High Court in Ng Foong Yin v Koh Thong Sam [2013]
3 SLR 455 (“Ng Foong Yin”) at [21]–[25] and The One Suites Pte Ltd v Pacific
Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 806 (“Pacific Motor”) at [97]–[101]. In
both of these cases, the failure to join all interested parties was a reason
for refusal of the declarations sought.

70 The rationale for this requirement is that it ensures that all persons who
may be prejudiced by the declaration are given the opportunity to raise
objections to the declaration (see Singapore Court Practice 2017 (Jeffrey
Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2017) (“Court Practice 2017”) at p 559; Ng Foong
Yin at [23]). Further, it ensures that the court takes into account all
considerations in the course of exercising its discretion (Court Practice 2017
at p 559), including evidence that could be adduced by the interested party
(Pacific Motor at [100]). In addition, there is a general rule that only
actual parties to the proceedings are bound by the remedy and that joining the
interested party would also serve to bind him (Court Practice 2017 at p 559).

71 In the instant matter, PT Palm was not joined as a party, although their
interests are clearly and directly affected by the declaration pertaining to
the Debit Notes. That means that PT Palm would not be bound by an order made
by this court. Both the applicant and BAB highlighted that PT Palm had
consented to submit to the findings of this court, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Applicant’s submissions at para 34; BAB’s submissions at paras 114–118

ostensibly implying that PT Palm therefore did not need to be joined as a
party. However, the mere consent of PT Palm to be bound by the decision of
this court is insufficient as PT Palm can conceivably resile from this
consent. There is no legal basis to hold PT Palm to its consent, except for
possibly some form of estoppel or other representation-based doctrine as
between PT Palm and the parties. The court cannot by the order hold PT Palm to
its supposed consent. Hence, no order made by the court can be expressed to
extend to PT Palm, nor can it have the effect of doing so.

72 Further, this court would be making a decision based on incomplete
knowledge, without the benefit of PT Palm’s evidence and arguments. PT Palm’s
evidence is crucial as it is the party central to the dispute of whether it
had agreed to reimburse AIPL for management fees. BAB’s submissions relied
extensively on an email and a letter sent by Mr Perumal, the plantation
manager of a plantation owned by PT Palm, in support of its claim that there
was no agreement by PT Palm to reimburse AIPL. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 84, 95, 99 and 101

These emails were tendered by BAB as alleged witness evidence given by Mr
Perumal concerning his knowledge about the dispute. This is not desirable as
such evidence is many steps removed from the primary source. The court is
effectively limited to relying on BAB’s representations that the contents of
these emails allegedly sent by Mr Perumal, who is allegedly the agent of PT
Palm, are indicative of PT Palm’s position in this dispute. PT Palm should
have been joined as a party to the proceedings, and Mr Perumal should have
given such witness evidence by way of affidavit.

73 For these reasons, I find that the requirement that all affected parties be
before the court is not satisfied and the declaration should not be granted.
The situation might have been different if PT Palm had been joined to the
proceedings but had chosen not to take part. BAB argued that PT Palm was not
joined because of practical concerns. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

BAB’s submissions at paras 104–118

However, even if true, these difficulties do not mean that the legal
requirement can be ignored.

The applicant does not have locus standi

74 Parties also made substantial submissions regarding locus standi, which is
another requirement for declaratory relief. The applicant argued that it has
standing pursuant to s 269(1) of the Companies Act (per [12] above). BAB took
the same position as the applicant and argued that the applicant is the proper
party to apply to determine the validity of the Debit Notes for the reasons
set out at [15] above. Conversely, AIPL argued that the proper party to
dispute the Debit Notes is PT Palm, who is party to the Debit Notes, unlike
the applicant and BAB. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

AIPL’s submissions at paras 73–77

AIPL also argued that the court should not entertain litigation by proxy. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AIPL’s submissions at para 75–77

75 Given the finding above that PT Palm should have been joined, it is not
strictly necessary to discuss the issue of standing, but I will do so for
completeness. The locus standi rule in respect of declarations is that only a
party with a legal right in the subject matter of the dispute should be able
to seek a declaration. AIPL adopts this rule and argues that the applicant has
no standing as it is not a party to the Debit Notes. BAB argues for a broader
proposition that any party with a significantly affected interest will have
locus standi, and that since the applicant owns 95% of the shares of PT Palm,
it has locus standi as the validity of the Debit Notes would significantly
affect its interests.

76 The simple answer to BAB’s argument is that Karaha Bodas has decisively
dealt with this issue, establishing AIPL’s approach as the legal position in
Singapore and rejecting BAB’s position. In Karaha Bodas, the Court of Appeal
stated (at [15]) that “in order to have the necessary standing, the plaintiff
must be asserting the recognition of a ‘right’ that is personal to him”, and
(at [19]) that “the jurisdiction of the court to make declarations of rights
was confined to declaring contested legal rights of the parties represented in
the litigation”. The Court of Appeal also affirmed (at [15]) Lord Diplock’s
remarks in Gouriet that “… for the court to have jurisdiction to declare any
legal right it must be one which is claimed by one of the parties as
enforceable against an adverse party to the litigation”.

77 The authorities in favour of the approach propounded by BAB were dealt with
comprehensively in Karaha Bodas (at [22]–[26]).

78 In the present case, since the applicant is not a party to and has no legal
right in relation to the Debit Notes, it also has no locus standi to seek a
declaration.

The proper law and the natural forum of the Debit Notes issue

79 There may also be an issue about whether Singapore is the appropriate forum
for the resolution of the Debit Notes issue, as well as the relevance of
Indonesian law and whether sufficient evidence about it was given. These may
have to be matters considered on another day.

Whether the Debit Notes are valid

80 Given my holding that the requirements to grant a declaration are not met,
there is no need for me to decide the merits of whether the Debit Notes are
valid. Nevertheless, since parties have made extensive submissions, I make
some brief comments for completeness.

81 In my view, the basis to support the validity of the Debit Notes seems to
be thin. The primary basis for the validity of the Debit Notes seems to be an
alleged oral agreement between Mr Perumal, acting on behalf of PT Palm, and
AIPL, made at a meeting on 21 December 2017. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at para 42

It was alleged that under this agreement, PT Palm agreed to reimburse AIPL for
the salaries of Mr Perumal and Mr Perera. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at para 42

However, no records or contemporaneous minutes of this meeting were adduced to
substantiate this alleged oral agreement. Further, it is strange that this
alleged oral agreement only occurred on 21 December 2017, but is alleged to be
an agreement for PT Palm to reimburse AIPL for salaries dating all the way
back to 2010. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at para 42

In relation to the Debit Note made on February 2018, it is also unclear
whether management services were really rendered to PT Palm as claimed by
AIPL, as PT Palm has denied that there were such management services. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Andrew Grimmett’s 1st affidavit at paras 51–52

Directions to the liquidators

82 The liquidators sought a direction to proceed with the liquidation as
though the Debit Notes are invalid. While the determination of the security
interest issue was properly raised to the court, the issue of the Debit Notes
should not have been raised for the reasons stated above. The basis for any
direction by the court to authorise the liquidators to proceed as sought has
not been made out.

83 I would further note that liquidators should only seek directions if in
real legal doubt. It is not for liquidators to throw questions of commercial
discretion to the court. In appropriate cases, in addition to the refusal of
the court to substitute its directions for the commercial decision of the
liquidator, the court may also disallow the liquidator the costs incurred both
by him directly as well as in instructing counsel, leaving it to him to bear
such costs personally.

Appointment of solicitors

84 The liquidators applied for the court to authorise them to appoint
solicitors to assist them in their duties. This was not contested by the
respondents. The appointment of solicitors sought appears necessary in view of
the legal matters canvassed, and as such, the request is granted.

Conclusion

85 In conclusion:

(a) No declaration is granted as to whether the CLA is binding on the
applicant, as there is no real controversy or dispute.

(b) In relation to the security interest issue, cll 9.1(i) and 9.1(ii) amount
to charges under s 131 of the Companies Act that are void against the
liquidator and creditors of the applicant for failure of registration. I also
find that cl 9.1(iii) does not require the applicant to confer any security
interest.

(c) In relation to the Debit Notes issue, I find that the conditions to grant
a declaration are not met as PT Palm has not been joined to the proceedings
and the applicant lacks locus standi. Further, no directions are given to the
liquidator.

(d) The liquidators’ request for appointment of solicitors is granted.

86 Directions for cost orders will be given separately. Time for any
application or appeal, as the case may be, is extended in the meantime.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Leo Cheng Suan and Tay Hui Yuan, Denise (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the
applicant;  
Chacko Samuel, Charmaine Chan-Richard and Sharmila Sanjeevi (Legis Point LLC)
for the 1st respondent;  
Cheng Yu Ning Teri, Kirpalani Rakesh Gopal and Oen Weng Yew Timothy (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the 2nd respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

