Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 231

Criminal Case No 62 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

BMU  
---  
  
GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual assault by penetration]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

BMU

[2020] SGHC 231

High Court — Criminal Case No 62 of 2018

Dedar Singh Gill J  
25 June 2020

28 October 2020

Dedar Singh Gill J:

Introduction

1 The accused faced 24 charges in the present case. He pleaded guilty to and
was convicted on three charges of sexual assault by penetration under s
376(2)(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) and
punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code. These are as follows:

(a) one charge of sexual assault by penetration committed sometime in August
2016 by using a finger to sexually penetrate the vagina of the victim without
her consent (the “fourth charge”);

(b) another charge of sexual assault by penetration committed sometime in
August 2016 by using a finger to sexually penetrate the vagina of the victim
without her consent (the “seventh charge”); and

(c) one charge of sexual assault by penetration committed sometime in the
night of 28 April 2017 by using a finger to sexually penetrate the vagina of
the victim without her consent (the “23rd charge”).

2 The accused consented to the 21 remaining charges being taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing. With regard to each of the
proceeded charges, I imposed a sentence of 11 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane. I ordered the sentences for the fourth and the seventh
charges to run consecutively and the sentence for the 23rd charge to run
concurrently. The accused was sentenced to a total of 22 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane, with the custodial sentence backdated to the date
of remand, 7 May 2017. The accused has appealed against his sentence. I now
set out my grounds.

Statement of Facts

3 At the time of the hearing, the accused was 36 years old and the victim was
13 years old. The accused is a divorcee and has a daughter who was then 14
years old. The accused was a logistics delivery attendant and the boyfriend of
the victim’s mother at the material time.

4 The victim is the eldest of her mother’s three children. Her younger brother
and sister were aged 11 and 9 years old respectively. Among the three
children, the victim shared the closest relationship with the accused.

Background events

5 Following a divorce from the victim’s father in October 2002, the victim’s
mother and her three children (including the victim) lived with the victim’s
grandmother in a flat located in Woodlands (the “Woodlands Flat”). The
victim’s mother and the accused began a romantic relationship sometime in
2013. The accused was known to the three children as “Uncle Adam”. On
occasion, he would stay overnight in the living room of the Woodlands Flat.
The victim’s mother and the three children slept in one of the bedrooms.

6 In July 2015, the victim’s mother and her three children moved into a two-
room rental flat (the “Flat”). In August 2015, the accused moved into the
Flat. He purchased groceries for the household and, every two weeks, provided
the victim’s mother with an allowance of $150 to $200.

7 The household was akin to a family, and the accused assumed the role of a
father figure to all three children. The accused and the three children did
many things together, such as playing, watching television, travelling to
Malaysia and going for walks and swims. On occasion, the victim would play
with the accused’s head and sit on his stomach when he was lying down.

8 In March 2016, the accused and the victim’s mother quarrelled. Subsequently,
the accused moved out of the Flat. In August 2016, he eventually moved back
into the flat. While he lived at the Flat, the accused and the victim’s mother
had sexual intercourse about once or twice a week. It was sometime in August
2016 that the facts pertaining to the fourth and seventh charges, as set out
below at [12] and [15] respectively, took place.

9 In December 2016, the victim’s mother stopped having sexual intercourse with
the accused because she became more religious. She did not want to have sex
until the couple got married. Around the end of February 2017, the accused
moved out of the Flat, though he still visited the household occasionally. The
facts pertaining to the 23rd charge took place after the accused moved out,
sometime on the night of 28 April 2017 (see [18] to [20] below).

10 The relevant period during which the accused sexually abused the victim in
the Flat was between 26 February 2016 and 28 April 2017, a time span of 14
months. During this period, the victim was nine to ten years old. The accused
committed the acts at night when the victim’s mother was not beside the
victim, who the accused knew slept on the extreme right side of her two
siblings. He did so because (a) the victim’s mother did not satisfy his sexual
urges, and (b) the victim’s grandmother did not accept him into the family and
the accused wanted to get back at her by abusing the victim, who was her
grandmother’s favourite grandchild. What follows are the particulars of the
three proceeded charges, namely the fourth, the seventh and the 23rd charges.

Facts relevant to the fourth charge

11 One night in August 2016, when the victim was ten years old, she was
sleeping on a sofa bed in the living room along with her siblings. The
accused, who wore only a pair of pants without a top or underwear, and the
victim’s mother were sleeping in a bedroom.

12 Sometime during the night, the accused laid down beside the victim (who was
sleeping sideways on the sofa cushions) and pulled her close to him. Covering
both the victim and himself with a blanket to conceal his actions, the accused
pulled the victim’s shorts and panties down to her thighs, spat saliva on his
palm, and rubbed her buttocks and vulva with his fingers. The accused then
sexually penetrated the victim’s vagina with his finger without her consent.
As a result, the victim felt a sharp pain in her vagina which she had not felt
before.

13 Thereafter, the accused rubbed his erect penis between her anus and vagina
for a few minutes. The victim also felt pain. When the accused stopped his
actions, the victim pulled her shorts up and washed herself up in the toilet.
She continued to feel pain in her vagina.

Facts relevant to the seventh charge

14 A few weeks later, in the same month of August 2016, the victim, along with
her siblings, was in the Flat sleeping on the living room’s sofa cushions. The
victim’s mother and the accused, who wore only a pair of pants without a top
or underwear, were sleeping in a bedroom.

15 Sometime during the night, the accused laid down beside the victim and
pulled her close to him. Covering both the victim and himself with a blanket
to conceal his actions, the accused pulled the victim’s shorts and panties
down to her knees, spat saliva on his palm, and rubbed her buttocks and vulva
with his fingers. The accused then sexually penetrated the victim’s vagina
with his finger without her consent. Consequently, the victim felt a sharp
pain in her vagina. Moreover, the victim could not move her body because the
accused had grabbed her close to him.

16 Then, the accused rubbed his erect penis between the victim’s anus and
vagina. The victim felt a lot of pain. Once the accused stopped, the victim
pulled her shorts up and washed herself in the toilet. After this episode, the
victim felt pain when she urinated.

Facts relevant to the 23rd charge

17 On 27 April 2017, the victim’s mother, having been hospitalised, entrusted
the accused to take care of the victim and her two siblings. On 28 April 2017,
the accused fetched the victim from school because she had a fever.

18 On the night of 28 April 2017, the victim and her siblings were sleeping on
a mattress in the Flat’s living room. By the time that the accused returned
from visiting the victim’s mother in hospital, the siblings were asleep. At
the material time, the accused was wearing only a pair of shorts without a top
or underwear.

19 Sometime later that night, the accused laid beside the victim, who was
sleeping sideways on the mattress. He covered both the victim and himself with
a blanket to conceal his actions. After pulling the victim’s pants and panties
down to her knees, the accused pulled her towards him.

20 On this occasion, he began by rubbing his erect penis between her anus and
vagina. Spitting saliva into his hand, he rubbed the victim’s vulva with his
fingers. The victim felt pain. The accused then sexually penetrated the
victim’s vagina with his finger without her consent. The victim experienced
sharp pain in her vagina.

Subsequent events

21 Subsequently, the accused slid his hand into the victim’s bra to squeeze
and pinch her breasts. The victim felt pain and tried to pull his hand away,
but to no avail. When the accused stopped, the victim pulled her pants and
panties up and went to the toilet to wash herself.

22 On 30 April 2017, the victim’s mother was discharged after being
hospitalised for three days.

23 On 5 May 2017, the victim told her primary school teacher that the accused
had touched her private parts. The victim did not want the accused to touch
her anymore. She was worried that the accused would use her mother’s illness
as an excuse to stay overnight again. Accordingly, the victim’s school alerted
the Ministry of Social and Family Development. That same day, the victim’s
Child Protection Officer lodged a police report that the victim had been
sexually assaulted by the accused. Later that day, the accused was arrested.

24 Following his arrest, the accused was assessed at the Institute of Mental
Health (“IMH”). A report from the IMH dated 1 June 2017 (the “IMH report”)
states that the accused had no depressive or psychotic symptoms prior to 27
April 2017. However, the accused was found to have experienced adjustment
disorder around that time. The IMH report also states that, at or around the
material time, the accused was not of unsound mind and was fit to plead in
court.

Decision on conviction

25 The accused pleaded guilty and admitted to the facts set out in the
Statement of Facts without qualification. Accordingly, I convicted the accused
on those three charges.

Sentencing

Charges taken into consideration

26 The accused admitted and consented to 21 other charges being taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The charges are summarised as
follows:

Charge No| Offence| Date| Details  
---|---|---|---  
1| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| Between early morning of 27 April 2017 and
night of 28 April 2017| Accused rubbed his penis between the victim’s anus and
vagina  
2| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| Between 26 February 2016 and 1 March 2016|
Accused touched the victim’s buttocks and thighs and rubbed her vulva with his
fingers  
3| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| August 2016| Accused rubbed the victim’s
buttocks and vulva with his fingers  
5| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| August 2016| Accused rubbed his penis between
the victim’s anus and vagina  
6| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| August 2016| Accused rubbed the victim’s
buttocks and vulva with his fingers  
8| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| August 2016| Accused rubbed his penis between
the victim’s anus and vagina  
9| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| November 2016| Accused rubbed the victim’s
buttocks and vulva with his fingers  
10| s 376(2)(a), punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code| November
2016| Accused penetrated the victim’s vagina with his finger  
11| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| November 2016| Accused rubbed his penis
between the victim’s anus and vagina  
12| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| December 2016| Accused rubbed the victim’s
buttocks and vulva with his fingers  
13| s 376(2)(a), punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code| December
2016| Accused penetrated the victim’s vagina with his finger  
14| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| December 2016| Accused rubbed his penis
between the victim’s anus and vagina  
15| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| January 2017| Accused rubbed the victim’s
buttocks and vulva with his fingers  
16| s 376(2)(a), punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code| January 2017|
Accused penetrated the victim’s vagina with his finger  
17| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| January 2017| Accused rubbed his penis between
the victim’s anus and vagina  
18| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| 27 April 2017| Accused rubbed the victim’s
vulva with his fingers  
19| s 376(2)(a), punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code| 27 April
2017| Accused penetrated the victim’s vagina with his finger  
20| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| 27 April 2017| Accused squeezed and pinched
the victim’s breasts  
21| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| 28 April 2017| Accused rubbed the victim’s
vulva with his fingers  
22| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| 28 April 2017| Accused rubbed his penis
between the victim’s anus and vagina  
24| s 354(2) of the Penal Code| 28 April 2017| Accused squeezed and pinched
the victim’s breasts  
  
The Prosecution’s address on sentence

27 The Prosecution stressed that the main sentencing principles in the present
case were deterrence and retribution. Deterrence is necessary to protect
children from sexual exploitation (Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849
at [42]), while retribution features in all cases of serious sexual assault
(Amin bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 904 at [63]).

28 The Prosecution categorised the present case as one in Band 2 of the
sentencing framework established in Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR
1015 (“Pram Nair”) at [119] and [159] for sexual assault involving penetration
(“SAP”) offences. Band 2 prescribes a sentencing range of ten to 15 years’
imprisonment. In particular, the Prosecution identified seven offence-specific
factors placing the present case within the mid-to-high range of Band 2,
namely (a) the fact that the offences took place at the victim’s place of
residence; (b) the victim’s young age; (c) the accused’s abuse of trust and
position; (d) the victim’s serious psychological harm; (e) the involvement of
planning; (f) the accused’s vindictive motivation; and (g) the long period
over which the offences took place.

29 With respect to the victim’s serious psychological harm, the Prosecution
relied on the Victim Impact Statement (“VIS”), which was recorded from the
victim on 8 June 2020. Among other things, the VIS discloses that
“[o]ccasionally, [the victim] would still be having flashbacks” and that
“[s]ometime[s], [the victim] would cry whenever [the victim] thought about
what [she] had been through and [her] childhood innocence being robbed off by
[the accused]”.

30 Having arrived at the indicative starting sentence of at least 13 years’
imprisonment, the Prosecution contended that, in relation to offender-specific
factors, (a) the accused’s guilty plea was of limited value given the grave
and heinous nature of the offences; (b) the 21 charges taken into
consideration operated in favour of an uplift in sentence; and (c) the
offender’s lack of relevant antecedents was, at best, a neutral factor.
Nevertheless, taking into account both the offender-specific aggravating
factors and the mitigating factors, the Prosecution was prepared to calibrate
the indicative starting sentence downwards to at least 12 years’ imprisonment.
Since two of the three sentences would run consecutively, the Prosecution
submitted for an aggregate sentence of at least 24 years’ imprisonment.

The Defence’s plea in mitigation

31 The Defence submitted that this was a case falling within Band 1 of the
sentencing framework in Pram Nair ([28] supra), which attracted a sentence of
seven to ten years’ imprisonment per charge. In respect of the offence-
specific factors, the Defence argued that (a) the prior relationship between
the accused and the victim was not automatically an aggravating factor; (b)
the accused acted opportunistically rather than with premeditation; (c) the
accused was not violent; and (d) the physical or psychological harm occasioned
to the victim was not of the requisite severity.

32 With regard to the offender-specific factors, the Defence noted that the
accused was untraced for any other offences and that the Prosecution had
proceeded with the more severe charges. The Defence also highlighted that the
accused displayed remorse at an early juncture. In his address to the court,
the accused also sought for leniency given his personal circumstances and the
fact that his own 14-year-old daughter relied on him for provision. Finally,
the Defence placed reliance on the IMH report and contended that some weight
ought to be given to the accused’s adjustment disorder. For these reasons, the
Defence submitted for an aggregate sentence of between 16–18 years’
imprisonment.

Decision on Sentencing

33 Pursuant to s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code, the prescribed punishment for
each of the charges is imprisonment for a term of not less than eight years
and not more than 20 years and mandatory caning of not less than 12 strokes.
Given that the offender had been convicted of three charges, at least two of
the sentences had to run consecutively under ss 328(1) and 328(6) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). Accordingly, the
accused faced a mandatory minimum of 16 years’ imprisonment and caning of 24
strokes. There was, as such, common ground that the accused would face 24
strokes of the cane. My decision on sentence thus focused on the term of the
custodial sentence.

34 There was also no dispute that Pram Nair establishes the applicable
sentencing framework for SAP offences. The Court of Appeal in Pram Nair at
[158] recognised that the applicable framework for rape offences as set out in
Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) could
be transposed into the context of SAP offences. Thus, a sentencing court would
be required to (at [119]):

… (a) identify the number of offence-specific aggravating factors in a case,
(b) determine, based on the number and intensity of the aggravating factors,
which of the three sentencing bands the case falls under, (c) identify where
precisely within the sentencing band the case falls in order to derive an
indicative starting sentence, and (d) adjust that indicative sentence to
reflect the presence of any offender-specific aggravating and mitigating
factors (Terence Ng at [73]).

35 In my judgment, there were three offence-specific aggravating factors in
the present case. Two were particularly painful.

36 First, the victim was vulnerable due to her young age. The victim was ten
years old at the time of the proceeded charges. She was, at the earliest
instance of sexual assault, nine years old. As indicated at [15] and [21]
above, she was not physically capable of resisting the accused’s advances or
escaping his grasp. While the Defence accepted that the victim’s age was an
aggravating factor, it argued that the case fell within Band 1 because “only
one of the aggravating factors” had been engaged (Terence Ng at [50]).
However, this was unsustainable given that the Court of Appeal in Pram Nair at
[160] held that “where the offence of sexual assault by penetration discloses
any of the two statutory aggravating factors in s 376(4) of the Penal Code …
[t]hese cases should fall within Band 2”. Since one of the statutory
aggravating factors was invoked given that the SAP offences had been committed
against a person under 14 years of age pursuant to s 376(4)(b) of the Penal
Code, the present case was already well within Band 2. For the same reason,
the High Court in BLV v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 726 at [81] held that
“the starting point was that the case fell within Band 2” as the victim there
was also below 14 years of age.

37 Second, the accused abused his position. The Defence attempted to argue
that the existence of a prior relationship between parties “could neither be
treated automatically as an aggravating factor nor as a mitigating factor”
(Terence Ng at [46]). However, the Defence conceded in its own mitigation plea
that the accused was “a father figure to the victim”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mitigation Plea, para 9.1.

Indeed, the accused joined the household at a time when the family had
previously lost a father and husband through divorce. Welcomed into the fold,
the accused filled those shoes and quickly assumed the role of a father. He
engaged the victim and her two siblings in leisure activities that parents
typically enjoy with their children. And, of the three children, the victim
shared the closest relationship with the accused. On one occasion, ie, just
before the events of the 23rd charge, the victim’s mother even specifically
entrusted the accused with the responsibility of looking after the victim
while the mother was hospitalised. Relevant to the abuse of position is the
additional fact that the offences were carried out in the victim’s home, in
the very place where a child would have expected to find comfort and security.
By abusing his position to commit the offences, the accused’s conduct
constituted “a complete abnegation of his duty to act in loco parentis”:
Terence Ng at [88]. Significantly, the Court of Appeal in BPH v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 764 at [69] found that the presence
of two aggravating factors, namely that of an abuse of trust and vulnerability
of the victim, would suffice to categorise a case “at least in the middle of
Band 2 in the Pram Nair framework”. Accordingly, the presence of the two
foregoing aggravating factors put the present case within the middle of Band
2.

38 Third, I agree with the Prosecution that the offences were carried out over
a long period of time. The High Court in Public Prosecutor v BQW [2018] SGHC
136 (“BQW”) at [38] recognised that the commission of offences over a long
time period (in that case, 15 months) would constitute an aggravating factor.
In the present case, the commission of the offences was over 14 months.

39 Although the Prosecution argued on the basis of the victim’s VIS that she
suffered serious psychological harm, I found that the harm caused in the
present case did not rise to the level of anything beyond the normal
consequences of such an offence, which is undoubtedly severe. In BQW at [43],
the High Court observed that the “harm caused to the Victim … was not an
additional aggravating factor as there was no harm beyond that that is usually
associated with the offences in question”. To take this further into account
would be “giving that harm double weight”: Public Prosecutor v BMR [2019] 3
SLR 270 at [32]. The deleterious effects of the offence on the victim had
already been built into the serious nature of the offence and the criminal
sanctions that follow.

40 While the Prosecution contended that the accused had committed the offences
by way of substantial planning, I am not persuaded that this was borne out by
the facts. There was no need for the accused to devise a plan because, as
noted at [37] above, the victim was under his charge and already at his mercy.
The fact that the accused typically perpetrated the abuse at night only showed
that he wanted to avoid detection, which is typical in a case of this nature.
In Pram Nair at [134]–[138], the Court of Appeal drew a distinction between
conduct that is premeditated and that which is opportunistic or done on the
spur of the moment. Only the former was aggravating. In my view, in the
present case, the accused exploited the opportunities available to him.

41 The Prosecution argued that another aggravating factor in the present case
was the vindictive nature of the offences, since the accused admitted that he
was motivated by a desire to get back at the victim’s grandmother after she
refused to accept him into the family. However, the authorities relied upon in
support of this aggravating factor such as Public Prosecutor v Leong Soon
Kheong [2009] 4 SLR(R) 63 (“Leong Soon Kheong”) at [61] and Lim Siong Khee v
Public Prosecutor [2001] 1 SLR(R) 631 (“Lim Siong Khee”) at [21] are very
different from the present case. In Leong Soon Kheong, the respondent was
convicted on the offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder pursuant
to s 304(b) of the Penal Code. He was part of a group that assaulted an
18-year-old student who consequently died. The sentencing court below imposed
a sentence of four years and nine months’ imprisonment, taking into account
the “provocation by the deceased who had wronged his assailants by
misappropriating their haversack and had thereafter behaved arrogantly and
remained unapologetic” (at [20]). In lengthening the sentence to seven years’
imprisonment, the Court of Appeal affirmed that “[n]o one is entitled to exact
violence in order to seek redress for grievances whether real or imagined” (at
[61]).

42 In Lim Siong Khee, the accused was charged under the Computer Misuse Act
(Cap 50A, 1998 Rev Ed) for accessing his ex-girlfriend’s e-mail account and
sending an e-mail to three of her friends containing lurid details of her
purported intimate relations with him. Enhancing the sentence imposed by the
sentencing court below, the High Court remarked that the accused “was
completely malicious and vindictive” (at [21]).

43 Not only were these cases of a different nature, but it is not clear that
they relied on vindictive motive as an aggravating factor. I accept that, in
principle, a vindictive motive may in appropriate circumstances constitute an
aggravating factor. This, however, was not such a case.  The satisfaction of
the perverted sexual desires of the accused appeared to be the primary motive.

44 The commission of the offence in the victim’s home was, in my view, a fact
more relevant to the abuse of position and not a separate aggravating factor
in the present case. I was not persuaded that the offence would have been any
less severe if the accused had committed his offences elsewhere. In this
regard, the Prosecution relied on remarks made in Public Prosecutor v Chong
Hou En [2015] 3 SLR 222 at [68] and [78]. There, the accused attached a mini-
camera to the tip of his shoe to take “up skirt” videos and also recorded his
girlfriend’s family members in the shower. He pleaded guilty to five counts of
insulting the modesty of a woman by intruding upon her privacy under s 509 of
the Penal Code and one count of possession of 10,574 obscene films under s
30(1) of the Films Act (Cap 107, 1998 Rev Ed) (“Films Act”). The aggravating
factor cited at [78] of that case was more precisely the grave “intrusion into
the privacy … at the home of the victims” in the context of the charges
pursuant to s 509 of the Penal Code. The accused had taken obscene videos of
his girlfriend’s family members at her house. This is clearly distinguishable
from the case at hand.

45 Given the presence of three offence-specific aggravating factors, I found
that the present case fell within the mid to upper range of Band 2 of the Pram
Nair ([28] supra) framework. In particular, I arrived at an indicative
starting sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment. The three custodial sentencing
bands as elaborated in Pram Nair at [122] and [159] are summarised in the
table below:

Band| Condition| Sentencing range  
---|---|---  
1| Cases with no offence-specific aggravating factors or where the factors are
present to a very limited extent| Seven to ten years’ imprisonment  
2| Cases with two or more offence-specific aggravating factors| Ten to 15
years’ imprisonment  
3| Extremely serious cases due to the number and intensity of the aggravating factors | 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment  
  
46 Next, I considered the offender-specific factors, particularly the charges
taken into consideration (the “TIC charges”). Some of the TIC charges, such as
the sixth, seventh and eighth charges, took place on the same occasion. There
were, however, two factors that operated in favour of an uplift in sentence.
The first was the sheer number of charges taken into consideration. Second,
the s 354(2) charges involved the accused having made skin contact with the
victim’s vulva, vagina, anus, buttocks and breasts. The accused, in a
despicable manner, treated the innocent victim as his personal fiefdom to be
violated according to his wicked desires.

47 The offender-specific mitigating factor that I took into account was the
plea of guilt at an early stage. I disagreed with the Prosecution that the
grave and heinous nature of the offences necessarily displaced this
consideration. The principles of deterrence and retribution, while undoubtedly
central to the present case, did not necessitate the court discounting an
early plea of guilt. Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Terence Ng ([34] supra)
remarked at [68], “even in cases when the evidence … is compelling, [offenders
who plead guilty to sexual offences] ought ordinarily to be given at least
some credit for having spared the victim additional suffering” [emphasis in
original]. I also had regard to the fact that the accused had a clean record
and was a first-time offender.

48 However, I rejected the accused’s plea for leniency on account of his
personal circumstances and the need to take care of his own 14-year-old
daughter. The accused’s current state of affairs was merely the natural
consequence of a custodial sentence and the circumstances did not, in this
case, rise to the level of severe hardship.

49 Furthermore, I was of the view that no weight was to be given to the
accused’s adjustment disorder. Although the accused was found to have had
adjustment disorder, there was no evidence that the adjustment disorder
“contributed to the commission of the offence”: GCX v Public Prosecutor [2019]
3 SLR 1325 at [40].

50 Finally, I considered the High Court’s decision in BQW ([38] supra), which
the Defence had cited. In that case, the 57-year-old accused committed
multiple sexual offences against the granddaughter of his employer. The abuse
began in September 2015 and lasted for 15 months. At the earliest instance of
abuse, the victim was seven years old. The accused eventually pleaded guilty
to three charges under s 376(2)(a) and punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the
Penal Code. There were nine charges taken into consideration comprising four
aggravated SAP charges, four charges under the Child and Young Persons Act
(Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) and one charge under the Films Act. In sentencing the
accused to ten years’ imprisonment for each proceeded charge and 20 years’
imprisonment in aggregate, the sentencing court took into account, among other
things, (a) the vulnerability of the victim, (b) the abuse of trust, and (c)
the long period over which the offences had been committed. In my judgment,
the present case was more severe than BQW given the very close relationship
between the accused and the victim resulting in a more egregious breach of
trust and the sheer number of offences taken into consideration. These
warranted a more robust sentence.

51 Having regard to the offender-specific factors and, in particular, the
timeous plea of guilt, I adjusted downwards the indicative starting sentence
of 13 years’ imprisonment to 11 years’ imprisonment for each proceeded charge.
At least two of the sentences imposed for the charges had to run consecutively
pursuant to s 307(1) of the CPC. As such, I ordered the fourth and seventh
charges to run consecutively, with the 23rd charge to run concurrently with
the fourth charge. Therefore, the accused was sentenced to 22 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

52 In sentencing the accused, I was mindful that the court should “be
satisfied that the aggregate sentence is sufficient and proportionate to the
offender’s overall criminality”: Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan
[2018] 5 SLR 799 at [73]. The aggregate sentence reflects the overall
criminality of the accused’s offences and is therefore not crushing.

Conclusion

53 For the reasons above, I sentenced the accused to 11 years’ imprisonment
for each charge, with two sentences (the fourth and seventh charges) to run
consecutively. In sum, I imposed a global sentence of 22 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane. The custodial sentence was backdated to 7 May
2017, the date of the accused’s remand.

Dedar Singh Gill

Judge

Eugene Lee, Kelly Ho and Tan Yen Seow (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;  
Sofia Bennita d/o Mohamed Bakhash (Lexcompass LLC) for the accused.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Oct 2020 (22:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

