Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 152

Suit No 418 of 2018 (Summons No 1750 of 2020)

Between

| Shree Ramkrishna Exports Pvt. Ltd.  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| J. G. Jewelry Pte. Ltd.  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Between

| J. G. Jewelry Pte. Ltd.  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

(1)| Shree Ramkrishna Exports Pvt. Ltd.  
---|---  
(2)| The Jewelry Company  
(3)| TJC Jewelry, Inc.  
(4)| Govind Dholakia  
(5)| Rahul Dholakia  
(6)| Nirav Narola  
(7)| Amit Shah  
(8)| Ashish Shah  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Summary judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shree Ramkrishna Exports Pvt Ltd

  
v

  

J G Jewelry Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 152

High Court — Suit No 418 of 2018 (Summons No 1750 of 2020)  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
22 June, 13 July 2020

22 July 2020 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 This is the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment under O 14 r 1 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) in SUM 1750 of 2020.
The plaintiff asserts that this is a straightforward claim for money that the
defendant owes to the plaintiff for diamonds and jewellery sold to the
defendant. It argues that there is no dispute as to the quality or quantity of
items delivered and the debt is proven by invoices issued to the defendant.
However, the defendant argues that a closer scrutiny of the circumstances
giving rise to the dispute and the defences raised will show that this is far
from a straightforward claim, and not one that is suitable for summary
judgment.

Background

The parties

2 The plaintiff and first defendant in counterclaim, Shree Ramkrishna Exports
Pvt. Ltd. (“SRK”), is a company incorporated in India that is in the business
of manufacturing and trading in jewellery and precious stones including
diamonds. SRK and the second and third defendants in the counterclaim – The
Jewelry Company and TJC Jewelry, Inc (“TJC”) – form what the parties refer to
collectively as the “SRK Entities”. SRK wholly owns and controls The Jewelry
Company and TJC. The SRK Entities are managed and controlled by the fourth to
eighth defendants in the counterclaim: Govind Dholakia is SRK’s founder and
chairman; Rahul Dholakia is SRK’s managing director; Nirav Narola (“Nirav”) is
SRK’s junior partner and director and The Jewelry Company’s diamond room
supervisor; Amit Shah (“Amit”) is The Jewelry Company’s CEO; and Ashish Shah
(“Ashish”) is TJC’s CEO and president. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Nirav Narola’s 8th affidavit dated 17 April 2020 (“Narola’s 8th Affidavit”) at
[9] and [41]; Michael Bernard Kriss’s 13th affidavit (“Michael’s 13th
Affidavit”) at [20]–[22], annexed to Samuel Lee Jia Wei’s 2nd affidavit dated
8 May 2020.

3 The defendant and plaintiff in counterclaim, J. G. Jewelry Pte. Ltd.
(“JGJ”), is a company incorporated in Singapore that is in the business of
trading jewellery and precious stones. JGJ’s shareholders are Michael Bernard
Kriss (“Michael”), David Miles Kriss (“David”), and Shaileshkumar Khunt
(“Shailesh”), who hold 25%, 25%, and 50% of the shares respectively. Shailesh
is alleged to be SRK’s nominee. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Narola’s 8th Affidavit at [10]–[11]; Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [14].

4 Michael and David (collectively the “Kriss brothers”) also own and/or
control JDM Import Co. Inc. (“JDM”), a company incorporated in New York,
United States, as well as a related group of companies incorporated in the
United States. Insofar as they are relevant to this case, these companies are
JDM, MG Worldwide LLC, Miles Bernard, Inc., and Asia Pacific Jewelry LLC
(collectively the “JDM Entities”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [18]; Narola’s 8th Affidavit at [12].

The Kriss brothers have been buying various diamonds and jewellery from SRK
since around 2000. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim dated 6 March 2020 (“RDC”) at [12(b)].

Alleged joint venture agreement

5 I have already set out some of the background facts to the present dispute
in my judgment for Registrar’s Appeal No 323 of 2018, and I do not propose to
repeat them all here. I will only summarise the salient facts pertinent to
this application for summary judgment below.

6 Michael, attesting for JGJ, claims that JGJ was incorporated on 31 March
2015 in Singapore pursuant to a joint venture between the JDM Entities, on one
hand, and the SRK Entities, on the other hand. The agreement between the
parties to form the joint venture was concluded orally. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [31]–[35].

According to JGJ, the key terms of the joint venture agreement (the “Joint
Venture Agreement”) include the following: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence and Counterclaim dated 5 February 2020 (“DCC”) at [10(2)]; Michael’s
13th Affidavit at [30].

(a) JGJ would be incorporated as the joint venture company and its shares
would be held by the JDM Entities and the SRK Entities on a 50-50 basis;

(b) all income and expenses generated by the JDM Entities and the SRK Entities
pursuant to the joint venture were to be for the account of JGJ;

(c) jewellery and/or other goods supplied by the SRK Entities and/or the JDM
Entities and billed to JGJ pursuant to the joint venture would be billed to
JGJ at “cost-plus” pricing, ie, the cost price of the goods plus a specified
mark-up required to cover any other costs including marketing, duties and
taxes; and

(d) there was to be a full accounting reconciliation of the joint venture
conducted by the SRK Entities at the end of each year, upon which the net
profits (or losses) generated under the joint venture would be allocated to
JGJ, and subsequently apportioned equally between the SRK Entities and the JDM
Entities (the “Accounting Reconciliation”).

7 Michael alleges that the parties also agreed that JGJ’s bookkeeping,
accounting and other back office responsibilities were to be carried out by
the SRK Entities at their back-office in India. This meant that SRK was in
charge of operating and maintaining JGJ’s bank account. The instructions for
all transactions through JGJ’s bank account were prepared and set up for
approval under Amit’s and/or Nirav’s direction. Ashish was the primary person
who approved and released payments through the bank’s online platform. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [31] and [51]–[52].

8 SRK denies in its pleadings that there was a joint venture agreement.
Instead, SRK pleads that the alleged joint venture was simply a “business
arrangement”, proposed by the Kriss brothers, between the JDM Entities and the
SRK Entities. SRK does not deny that this business arrangement was for it to
supply diamonds and jewellery for sale in the United States and elsewhere, and
for the book-keeping and accounting work to be done in India, but SRK claims
that the persons handling these functions reported to and took instructions
from the Kriss brothers (the “Business Arrangement”). The Kriss brothers
incorporated JGJ in Singapore pursuant to this Business Arrangement. SRK was
not a shareholder of JGJ because SRK was “not yet ready” to enter into a joint
venture with the Kriss brothers. SRK would sell the diamonds to JGJ and in
turn JGJ would sell them to companies controlled and/or owned by the Kriss
brothers. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RDC at [12].

9 It is undisputed that, from April 2015 to 2 August 2017, SRK issued invoices
totalling an aggregate sum of US$66,394,768.91 (the “Invoices”) for diamonds
and jewellery supplied to JGJ. This sum of US$66,394,768.91 comprises invoices
amounting to a total sum of US$42,994,312.66 (the “42M Invoices”), which have
been paid by JGJ; and 205 invoices amounting to a total sum of
US$23,400,456.25 (the “23M Invoices”), which remain unpaid by JGJ. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [8] and [42]; Narola’s 8th Affidavit at [17]–[18].

Michael claims that the 42M Invoices were paid because the SRK Entities had
control over JGJ’s bank account, which allowed it to approve the payments from
the account purportedly on JGJ’s behalf. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [44(g)].

This is disputed by SRK, who claims that the Kriss brothers and/or their
representatives always maintained control over JGJ’s bank account. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Nirav Narola’s 10th affidavit dated 26 May 2020 (“Narola’s 10th Affidavit”) at
[25].

10 In August 2017, Michael alleges that the SRK Entities unilaterally and
orally terminated the joint venture agreement without the Accounting
Reconciliation having been conducted. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [83].

Thereafter, the 23M Invoices remained unpaid.

The parties’ cases

11 SRK commenced this suit on 23 April 2018 against JGJ claiming payment for
the 23M Invoices. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Narola’s 8th Affidavit at [5]–[6].

12 JGJ has two main defences. First, JGJ alleges that the prices for the
jewellery, which are the subject of the 23M Invoices, have been manipulated
and are not in accordance with the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement (the
“Unilateral Pricing Defence”). In particular, SRK has allegedly charged JGJ
amounts in excess of “cost-plus” pricing in respect of the 23M Invoices, in
breach of the Joint Venture Agreement. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DCC at [11(2)]; Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [116]–[117].

Further, and more fundamentally, in this application, JGJ argues that the
specific prices of the diamonds and jewellery sold under the 23M Invoices were
never agreed with SRK before they were supplied, and there was also no prior
agreement as to when such payments under the invoices would fall due. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Notes of Argument (“NoA”), 22 June 2020, at p 6 lines 8–17 and p 7 lines
25–29.

13 Second, JGJ claims that it might have had a valid set-off against the 23M
Invoices claim by SRK had the SRK Entities carried out the Accounting
Reconciliation in accordance with the terms of the joint venture. This is
because, if the Accounting Reconciliation had been done, it might have turned
out that the venture would have suffered losses, and SRK would have been
liable to contribute to those losses by making payment to JGJ. This is
described by parties as the “Reconciliation Defence”. Any amount owed by SRK
to JGJ and arising in this manner could have been set-off against what is due
to the SRK under the 23M Invoices. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 13 July 2020, at p 5 lines 10–32.

Now that the joint venture has been terminated, and the parties will not carry
out the Accounting Reconciliation, the court should order SRK to give an
account in accordance with the terms of the joint venture, if JGJ is able to
establish its defence at trial that the Accounting Reconciliation should have
been carried out. Until then, JGJ argues that no payment is due to SRK under
the 23M Invoices.

14 JGJ’s counterclaim against the defendants to the counterclaim is,
essentially, that they had conspired to fraudulently misuse their access to
JGJ’s bank account to settle the 42M Invoices in SRK’s favour (the “Fraudulent
Misuse Counterclaim”). In relation to this, JGJ has four primary contentions.
First, JGJ claims that SRK breached the Joint Venture Agreement because the
42M Invoices were issued at prices in breach of the Joint Venture Agreement
and because SRK failed to conduct the Accounting Reconciliation exercise.
Second, JGJ claims that the second to eighth defendants to the counterclaim
induced SRK to breach the Joint Venture Agreement and conspired to procure SRK
to breach the Joint Venture Agreement. Third, JGJ claims that the defendants
to the counterclaim conspired to fraudulently misuse access to JGJ’s bank
account to make payment on the 42M Invoices. Fourth, JGJ claims that SRK has
been unjustly enriched because it received payment of the 42M Invoices with
the knowledge that the prices of the diamonds and jewellery charged thereunder
were in excess of that agreed under the Joint Venture Agreement. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DCC at [18]–[37].

The requirements of O 14 r 1 of the ROC

15 The legal principles relating to summary judgment are well established. O
14 r 1 of the ROC provides that, “[w]here a statement of claim has been served
on a defendant and that defendant has served a defence to the statement of
claim, the plaintiff may, on the ground that that defendant has no defence to
a claim included in the writ, or to a particular part of such a claim, or has
no defence to such a claim or part except as to the amount of any damages
claimed, apply to the Court for judgment against that defendant” [emphasis
added].

16 The burden is on the plaintiff to first show that he has a prima facie case
for summary judgment. Once this is shown, the “tactical burden” – and not the
legal or evidential burden – shifts to the defendant to establish that there
is a fair or reasonable probability that he has a real or bona fide defence. A
complete defence need not be shown; the defendant need only show that there is
a triable issue or question or that, for some other reason, there ought to be
a trial: M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR 325
(“M2B”) at [17]–[19]; see also O 14 r 3(1), ROC.

17 The threshold to raise a triable issue is low and, where there are
conflicts as to fact, summary judgment is ordinarily not granted. In the event
of conflicting affidavit evidence, it is normally not appropriate for the
court to attempt to resolve such conflicts on affidavit. However, the court
will still need to determine whether the statements contained in the
affidavits have sufficient prima facie plausibility to merit further
investigation as to their truth: Wiseway Global Co Ltd v Qian Feng Group Ltd
[2015] SGHC 85 at [20].

Whether there are triable issues

Unilateral Pricing Defence

18 In relation to the Unilateral Pricing Defence, Nirav attested for SRK that
the Kriss brothers were aware of and agreed to the prices in the 23M Invoices
because, prior to invoicing JGJ, SRK had sent a breakdown of the cost of the
diamonds and the cost of labour to the Kriss brothers. JGJ had also never
objected to the invoiced price. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Narola’s 10th Affidavit at [10]–[13] and [20]; Narola’s 8th Affidavit at [39].

It was only after JGJ commenced an application to stay this suit that JGJ
first alleged that the prices in the 23M Invoices were manipulated and wrong.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Narola’s 8th Affidavit at [40].

SRK’s counsel refers me to the case of Orient Tainers Pte Ltd v Orient Tainers
Japan Co Ltd and Another [1999] SGHC 291 (“Orient Tainers”) to support his
argument that the Unilateral Pricing Defence is an afterthought. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NoA, 22 June 2020, at p 3 lines 6–10.

19 However, JGJ points out that it was SRK that unilaterally came up with the
prices, without any prior consultation or agreement with JGJ or the Kriss
brothers. Also, SRK had full control of the invoicing process, given the SRK
Entities’ control of JGJ’s bank account and all of JGJ’s bookkeeping,
accounting and other back office functions. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [39] and [122].

20 I start my analysis by making a preliminary observation about SRK’s pleaded
case. I note that SRK’s pleadings only seek an order for payment of the
specific sum of US$23,400,456.25 and there was no prayer for any lesser amount
or for damages to be assessed. That being the case, I must point out that I am
not entirely satisfied that SRK has established a prima facie case for summary
judgment for the amount of US$23,400,456.25 from JGJ.

21 While it is undisputed that there were diamonds and jewellery supplied to
JGJ, SRK has not shown that JGJ had accepted the prices stated in the 23M
Invoices. It is trite law that a binding contract can only be formed if there
is acceptance to an offer made: see Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore – Contract,
vol 7 (LexisNexis, 2019 Reissue) at para 80.028. A supplier is not entitled to
payment for goods supplied based on a price stated in an invoice, unless the
buyer had agreed to that price. In this case, SRK has not shown any contract
between the parties or correspondence evidencing a contract, which showed that
SRK and JGJ had agreed to the prices of the diamonds and jewellery to be
supplied. For example, there is no evidence to show that SRK issued a
quotation stipulating the price to JGJ, and that JGJ then accepted this offer
by placing an order pursuant to the quotation. In my view, it is not enough
for SRK to assert that there is no dispute as to the quantity and quality of
the diamonds and jewellery delivered, when there is nothing which shows that
there was a consensus ad idem on the prices of the items delivered.

22 I note that SRK’s counsel pointed out that there was correspondence between
SRK and the JDM Entities that showed that the JDM Entities had sent pre-
notification orders (“PNOs”) in respect of diamonds and jewellery they needed,
and these PNOs set out the details as to quantities and prices. SRK argues
that the JDM Entities were acting as agents on behalf of JGJ in this regard,
and JGJ is thus bound to pay the Invoices based on those quantities and
prices. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Narola’s 10th Affidavit at [15]–[18]; Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 15
June 2020 (“PWS”) at [37]–[39].

However, this is disputed by JGJ and Michael, who deny that the persons
involved in making the PNOs, for example, Sunil Mandolikar and Attmaran
Dhuwali, represented JGJ or the Kriss brothers. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [44]–[46].

It is also not pleaded by SRK that the JDM Entities acted as agents of JGJ in
agreeing to prices of the diamonds and jewellery. In my view, to simply assert
that JGJ is bound to pay the 23M Invoices because that was the arrangement
contemplated under the Joint Venture Agreement is insufficient. To obtain
judgment, what must be shown is unequivocal evidence of specific knowledge and
agreement on the part of JGJ as to the prices of items ordered and delivered.
Furthermore, counsel for SRK also informed me that, for this application, SRK
is not relying on JGJ’s previous payment of the 42M Invoices to show that JGJ
had agreed to the prices of the diamonds and jewellery supplied pursuant to
the 23M Invoices. That being the case, I did not refer to the previous course
of dealings between SRK and JGJ in relation to the 42M Invoices in determining
whether there was agreement by JGJ as to the prices of the items delivered.

23 Thus, while I accept that SRK has a prima facie case for payment of some
amount due from JGJ, there is certainly a triable issue as to whether SRK is
entitled to its claim of the figure of US$23,400,456.25, or some lesser
amount, and, if so, how much.

24 I do not find SRK’s reliance on the case of Orient Tainers ([18] supra) to
be helpful because much depends on the specific facts of each case. As counsel
for JGJ pointed out, just as SRK complains that the Unilateral Pricing Defence
is an afterthought, it is peculiar that SRK did not demand payment on the
first invoice due under the 23M Invoices until a year after the invoice fell
due. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE, 13 July 2020, at p 29 lines 1–6.

According to JGJ, this shows that SRK itself never considered that payment
fell due when the credit terms in the invoices expired, because there was
never an agreed contractual term as to the time for payment.

25 Furthermore, in Orient Tainers ([18] supra), there was no suggestion that
the first defendant was not aware of the contemporaneous invoices at the time
they were issued. It is on this basis that the High Court in that case could
conclude that the first defendant’s failure to raise any objections until
months later meant that the objection to the invoices was an afterthought. In
the present case, JGJ’s case is that it was not aware of the Invoices at the
time they were issued. JGJ’s case is that the SRK Entities’ personnel at their
back office received orders directly from customers; issued PNOs on JDM
Entities’ behalf, who were purportedly acting as agents for JGJ; issued the
Invoices on SRK’s behalf to JGJ; and issued the Invoices on JGJ’s behalf to
the JDM Entities and to TJC. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [44]; Defendant’s written submissions dated 15
June 2020 at [14].

The SRK Entities maintained and operated JGJ’s bank account through which they
procured JGJ to pay the 42M Invoices (see [9] above). Therefore, JGJ’s case is
that it did not know of the prices in the Invoices at the time they were
issued. If all this is proven, it cannot be said that JGJ’s objections
thereafter are clearly an afterthought. In my view, a trial would be required
to investigate these issues.

26 SRK also submits that, even if JGJ’s Unilateral Pricing Defence is
accepted, that would mean that SRK would be entitled to at least
US$15,860,173.25. SRK highlights that this sum is reflected in JGJ’s financial
statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2016, as adjusted in
March 2018, to reduce the amount payable by JGJ to SRK by US$7,540,283.00 to
the figure of US$15,860,173.25. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NoA, 22 June 2020, at p 3 line 18–p 4 line 4; PWS at [66]–[82]; Narola’s 10th
Affidavit at [43]–[53].

By then, these proceedings had already started. There are also two audit
confirmation letters dated 10 September 2018 from JGJ to SRK which highlight
that the sums of US$2,892,873.38 and US$12,967,291.87 are owed by JGJ to SRK.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Narola’s 8th Affidavit at [26] and pp 1439–1440 (Tab 4).

27 However, from the evidence available at this stage of the proceedings, it
is not clear to me that this adjustment was in relation to all of the 23M
Invoices and, if not, to which of them. In the first place, it is also not
clear to me that the figures in the financial statements for the year ending
31 December 2016 were all a reference to payments due to SRK under the 23M
Invoices. This is unclear because, as counsel for SRK accepted, the bulk of
the 23M Invoices were issued only in 2017. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NoA, 22 June 2020, at p 3 line 4.

As for the audit confirmation letters, these were withdrawn by JGJ not long
after they were issued to SRK. Michael has attested that the audit
confirmation letters were sent in error by a staff without checking against
the detailed accounting books and records of JGJ, which it is claimed was
being withheld by the SRK Entities. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [155]–[156] and pp 830–832.

While this explanation for the withdrawal of the letters is rejected by SRK as
being no explanation at all, I find that it is not so inherently improbable
that it lacks prima facie plausibility. This is an issue that turns on the
credibility of Michael, and it must be tested at trial.

28 Given these disputes of fact concerning the Unilateral Pricing Defence, and
the fact that neither SRK’s nor JGJ’s version of events are inherently
improbable, it is not the function of the court to decide in this application
whether the affidavit evidence given by SRK or JGJ is more credible and
believable. That is a matter for trial.

Reconciliation Defence

29 In summary judgment applications, the defendant must show that its defence
is a plausible one, in that it has raised something of substance which might
possibly defeat the claim brought by the plaintiff, either entirely or
partially. The court will not accept fanciful and speculative possibilities as
being sufficient to raise a plausible defence.

30 I had difficulties understanding the Reconciliation Defence raised by JGJ
and how it would function as a defence to the claim by SRK under the 23M
Invoices. The main difficulty with JGJ’s Reconciliation Defence is that it is
not able to inform me, with any certainty, as to whether any sums might be
owing from SRK to JGJ, even if the Accounting Reconciliation is carried out
now. It is speculative that such an eventuality will arise.

31 It may well be the case that the reason for the need to speculate is
because of SRK’s breach of the Joint Venture Agreement in not carrying out the
Accounting Reconciliation, as JGJ has alleged. However, the remedy for that
breach appears to me to be a claim by the JDM Entities against SRK so that the
necessary orders for some form of an account may be obtained. It is one step
removed to say that, after a proper account is taken, SRK may be found to owe
JGJ moneys because the business venture has generated losses and SRK is
required to contribute to such losses.

32 Yet another problem with JGJ’s Reconciliation Defence is that it appears to
me to be inconsistent with the Unilateral Pricing Defence, which appears to
accept that SRK is entitled to be paid for the diamonds and jewellery that it
supplies to JGJ at a cost-plus pricing model, without waiting for the
Accounting Reconciliation to be done. In fact, it appears logical that the
Accounting Reconciliation would take place only after payment is made by JGJ
to SRK for the diamonds and jewellery supplied. While it is not impermissible
for a defendant to have inconsistent defences, the marked difference between
these two defences taken by JGJ and the speculative nature of the
Reconciliation Defence leads me to question whether it can be said to raise a
triable defence on the evidence presently before me.

33 However, given my views on the Unilateral Pricing Defence and the
Fraudulent Misuse Counterclaim (see below), I do not need to come to a
definitive conclusion as to whether the Reconciliation Defence raises triable
issues. There are already reasons for a trial. At the trial, it remains open
to JGJ to attempt to persuade the court that the Reconciliation Defence is one
that can succeed.

Fraudulent Misuse Counterclaim

34 As for the Fraudulent Misuse Counterclaim, which may provide JGJ with a
set-off against SRK’s claim, Nirav attested for SRK that the Kriss brothers
and their JDM Entities had complete control over the payments out of JGJ’s
bank account and that the payment process involved the Kriss brothers. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Narola’s 10th Affidavit at [25] and [53].

As already pointed out, this is hotly disputed by JGJ.

35 When determining whether summary judgment ought to be ordered where there
is a subsisting counterclaim, the following framework is applicable: Kim Seng
Orchid Pte Ltd v Lim Kah Hin (trading as Yik Zhuan Orchid Garden) [2018] 3 SLR
34 (“Kim Seng Orchid”) at [97]–[98].

(a) First, the court should consider whether the counterclaim is plausible.

(b) Second, the court should then determine whether the counterclaim that it
has found to be plausible amounts to a defence of set-off, whether legal or
equitable. If it finds that the plausible counterclaim does amount to a
defence of set-off, then unconditional leave to defend should be granted in
respect of the whole of the claim.

(c) Third, if the counterclaim does not amount to a set-off, the court may
then consider whether there is a connection between the claim and the
counterclaim. If there is no connection between the claim and counterclaim,
the court should generally grant summary judgment of the whole claim, without
a stay pending the determination of the unconnected counterclaim.

(d) Fourth, if the court is satisfied that there is a connected and plausible
counterclaim, this may provide grounds for the court to stay execution of the
whole judgment (or a portion thereof) pending the determination of the
connected and plausible counterclaim.

36 I am satisfied that the Fraudulent Misuse Counterclaim is plausible.
Neither SRK’s nor JGJ’s version as to whether the SRK Entities had misused
their access to JGJ’s bank account can be said to be obviously more credible
than the other. In light of the conflicting evidence on this issue, it cannot
be said that it is not reasonably possible for the Fraudulent Misuse
Counterclaim to succeed at trial.

37 I am also satisfied that there is a triable issue as to whether the
Fraudulent Misuse Counterclaim amounts to an equitable set-off. The Fraudulent
Misuse Counterclaim alleges that the SRK Entities fraudulently misused their
access to JGJ’s bank account to pay SRK on the 42M Invoices. It appears to me
that the 42M Invoices and the 23M Invoices are part and parcel of the same
series of transactions. Indeed, it is SRK’s own case that JGJ’s payment of the
42M Invoices estops or precludes JGJ from denying liability under the 23M
Invoices (see [38] below). Thus, if the Fraudulent Misuse Counterclaim is
established at trial, then JGJ might well be able to raise an equitable set-
off as a defence to SRK’s claim on the 23M Invoices.

Estoppel

38 I should also point out for completeness that SRK did plead that JGJ is
estopped or precluded from denying liability under the 23M Invoices because
payment for the 42M Invoices had been made; SRK was given access to JGJ’s bank
account; and a system was put in place for the preparation of the PNOs. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RDC at [16]–[17] and [22].

However, as earlier pointed out at [22] above, SRK’s counsel clarified that he
was not relying on this argument for SRK’s application for summary judgment.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NoA, 22 June 2020, at p 5 lines 27–29; NE, 13 July 2020, at p 59 lines 22–28.

Whether leave to defend should be granted

39 In Bakery Mart Pte Ltd (in receivership) v Sincere Watch Ltd [2003] 3
SLR(R) 462 (“Bakery Mart”), the respondent applied for summary judgment to
recover advances of moneys loaned to the appellant. In its defence, the
appellant claimed that the parties had entered into a corporate restructuring
agreement and set up a holding company, and that the moneys given had been
taken into account when deciding the shareholding ratio in the holding
company. Therefore, the appellant argued that the moneys advanced were not
repayable. While the agreement was not formally executed, the appellant argued
that an agreement had come into effect by virtue of part performance or oral
agreement.

40 The Court of Appeal granted the appellant unconditional leave to defend.
The Court of Appeal observed that “this was not a straightforward case of a
loan which had to be repaid on demand” and the “true intention of the parties
could only be ascertained at trial”. Pertinently, the Court of Appeal also
observed that, even if precise issues could not be identified, the “very
involved dealings between the parties” meant that that was a case where there
ought, “for some other reason”, to be a trial: O 14 r 3(1), ROC; Bakery Mart
at [16], [21] and [24].

41 The situation in this application is somewhat similar. It is apparent that
the parties have “very involved dealings”, as the Kriss brothers had allegedly
dealt with SRK since 2000 (see [4] above) and the alleged joint
venture/business arrangement had functioned over the course of two years.
There are also multiple parties involved, and Nirav’s and Michael’s differing
accounts of the facts alone demonstrate the extent to which the present case
is disputed. Such a case is, as in Bakery Mart, unsuitable for summary
judgment.

42 Furthermore, a court should generally not grant summary judgment where an
oral contract is sued on, and the terms thereof or the contract’s very
existence is disputed, unless the plaintiff can satisfy the court that (a)
even on the defendant’s version he is entitled to judgment; or (b) the
defendant’s version is not truthful or capable of belief: M2B ([16] supra) at
[24]. In this case, there is no written agreement for the sale of diamonds and
jewellery to JGJ, and similarly, no written agreement for the alleged joint
venture or business arrangement. The nature of the parties’ restructured
relationship (whether a joint venture or the Business Arrangement) and the
terms of the alleged joint venture are critical to determine if JGJ’s defences
have merit, since JGJ pleads that the prices in the 23M Invoices breached the
terms of the Joint Venture Agreement. Michael has attested in detail his
version of events and the alleged terms of the Joint Venture Agreement (see
[5]–[10] above), and these claims are not inherently improbable. In these
circumstances, without the benefit of cross-examination, a court cannot
conclude that the prices in the 23M Invoices were properly accepted by JGJ.
The true nature and, more importantly, the terms of the alleged oral joint
venture or business arrangement in this case cannot be determined conclusively
without a trial.

43 In addition, the circumstances of the payment of the 42M Invoices; whether
the SRK Entities handled JGJ’s bookkeeping, accounts and other back office
functions under the alleged joint venture; and the circumstances leading to
the alleged non-completion of the Accounting Reconciliation are all triable
issues or fact. Both parties have provided conflicting accounts of these
events that are not inherently improbable. For instance, a trial would be
required to determine if it is true, as JGJ has alleged, that Amit and/or
Ashish had fraudulently misused their access to JGJ’s bank account to cause
payment of the 42M Invoices to SRK 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Michael’s 13th Affidavit at [36]–[41].

or whether, instead, the Kriss brothers and their JDM Entities had, as Nirav
attested, complete control over the payments out of JGJ’s bank account. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Narola’s 10th Affidavit at [25].

44 For the above reasons, I find that there are triable issues. As such, I
will grant JGJ leave to defend the claim against it. The remaining question is
whether I should impose conditions on the granting of leave to JGJ to defend
the case.

Whether conditions should be imposed

45 Conditional leave to defend may be ordered where the defendant’s defence
has been shown to be “shadowy” or that it is “improbable” that the defence
will succeed. A defence is shadowy if the defendant’s evidence is barely
sufficient to rise to the level of showing a reasonable probability of a bona
fide defence or if the evidence is such that the plaintiff has very nearly
succeeded in securing judgment: Wee Cheng Swee Henry v Jo Baby Kartika Polim
[2015] 4 SLR 250 at [81].

46 SRK’s counsel relies on the case of Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as
South Kerala Cashew Exporters) v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856
(“Abdul Salam”) at [19]–[20] and [41] and submits that, even if leave were to
be granted to JGJ to defend, this should at least be conditional on JGJ paying
the entire sum claimed under the 23M Invoices into court because the defences
raised are commercially illogical, different and evolving, and contradicted by
JGJ’s own conduct. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PWS at [106] – [108].

47 I find that the present case can be distinguished from Abdul Salam. Unlike
the defendant’s characterisation of the transaction in Abdul Salam, which
appeared to make little commercial sense, JGJ’s defences here, while not
straightforward, do not flout commercial sense. For instance, there is nothing
illogical about JGJ being allegedly overbilled under the Unilateral Pricing
Defence. On JGJ’s case, the Fraudulent Misuse Counterclaim may also give rise
to an equitable set-off which it can apply to SRK’s claim under the 23M
Invoices. Thus, in my judgment, Abdul Salam is of limited assistance to SRK.

48 SRK has not convinced me that JGJ’s defences are “shadowy” or so improbable
that they are unlikely to succeed. In the circumstances, I do not think that
this is an appropriate case for me to exercise my discretion to impose
conditions on the grant of leave to defend.

Conclusion

49 For the above reasons, I grant JGJ unconditional leave to defend. As is
usual when such an order is made, the costs of SUM 1750 of 2020 will be in the
cause.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Bazul Ashhab Bin Abdul Kader, Tanya Thomas Vadaketh and Gursharn Singh Gill
s/o Amar Singh (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the plaintiff;

Lee Sien Liang Joseph, Chan Junhao Justin and Samuel Lee Jia Wei (LVM Law
Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

