Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTs of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCF 12

Originating Summons No 14 of 2018 and Summons No 300 of 2019

Between

VIK  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| VIL  
---|---  
(2)| VIM  
(3)| VIN  
(4)| VIO  
(5)| VIP  
|  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Probate and Administration] — [Administration of assets]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VIK

  
v

  

VIL and others

[2020] SGHCF 12

High Court Family Division — Originating Summons Probate No 14 of 2018 and
Summons No 300 of 2019  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
17 January, 27 February, 4 March 2020

19 August 2020

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Introduction

1 HCF/OSP 14/2018 (“OSP 14”) was an application by the Plaintiff, the
professional administrator (“Administrator”) of the estate of the Testator
(“Estate”) appointed by the High Court, for approval to sell one of two of the
real properties in the Estate, referred to respectively as “Property 1” and
“Property 2”, to raise funds for the administration of the Estate. Besides
these properties, there remained in the Estate shares in [PQR], a private
limited company previously owned by the Testator, valued at about S$4.4m at
the time of the Testator’s death. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 8.

These shares were not the subject of the application.

2 The Administrator and its legal representatives have not been paid for their
professional services since 2014. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s 1st Affidavit dated 19 September 2018 (“PA1”) at para 53.

As of 18 October 2019, the Administrator had around S$800,000 in unpaid
administration fees, while its lawyers had unpaid fees (both billed and
unbilled) of around S$1m (together with an additional S$80,000 to 100,000 for
on-going matters). Taken together with projected statutory liabilities, future
costs and fees, the Administrator estimated that a total of around S$2.3m in
expenses and liabilities for the Estate would remain outstanding. In addition,
there was a loan from VIL, the 1st defendant, for US$160,500 which needed to
be repaid. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s 2nd Affidavit dated 24 February 2020 (“PA2”) at para 12.

I refer to all of these outstanding expenses and liabilities collectively as
“the Estate Liabilities”. As of 24 February 2020, the cash balance of the
Estate had been reduced to S$1,029.27 and US$1,313.15. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PA2 at para 13.

3 At the hearing on 4 March 2020 (“the Hearing”), I ordered the sale of
Property 2. I made no order as to the sale of Property 1, without prejudice to
the Administrator filing a fresh application for its sale should it become
necessary to do so. On 5 March 2020, I made no order as to costs for OSP 14,
which I later clarified on 11 March 2020 to mean that the Administrator’s
costs in the application were to be borne by the Estate. The 1st to 3rd
defendants have since appealed, and I now furnish the grounds for my decision.

Background

The parties

4 The Testator had passed away on 25 April 2008. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PA1 at para 5.

He had earlier executed a will dated 23 January 2007 (“Will”) and a codicil
dated 21 March 2008 (“Codicil”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PA1 at p 28 and p 49.

Four executors were appointed under the Will (“Executors”), and they obtained
a Grant of Probate on 5 January 2009. The Administrator was appointed on 2
March 2012 by order of court to replace the Executors. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PA1 at pp 57–58.

5 The five Defendants in OSP 14 are all family members of the Testator and are
beneficiaries of the Estate. They can be divided into two groups. One group
comprises the 1st to 3rd defendants, who are the daughters of the Testator
from an earlier marriage. The 4th defendant was one of the wives of the
Testator, and the 5th defendant is the Testator’s son by the 4th defendant.

6 There have been multiple actions commenced that involved the Administrator
and the defendants, and there were also actions between the Administrator and
the defendants. As the parties in OSP 14 sometimes take the role of the
plaintiff and sometimes that of the defendant in those other actions, in these
grounds of decision I will refer to the 1st to 3rd defendants as “Sisters 1, 2
and 3” respectively (collectively, the “Sisters”), the 4th defendant as the
“Mother” and the 5th defendant as the “Son”. I appreciate that the
descriptions do not appear to accurately describe the relationships of the
parties with the Testator. However, since these were the descriptions used by
the parties during the Hearing, to maintain consistency, I have retained them
and decided not to use new terms which may be more accurate.

7 Apart from the five defendants, there are five other beneficiaries of the
Estate, who are sisters of the Testator. Two of them have since passed away. I
will refer to these other beneficiaries as “Aunt 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5”
respectively (collectively, the “Aunts”). While the papers for the present
proceedings were served on the three surviving Aunts, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

HCF/ORC 229/2019 (leave); see Affidavit of Service dated 11 September 2019.

they have not taken part in OSP 14.

The Will and the Codicil

8 Since the disposal of OSP 14 required also the interpretation of the
relevant clauses of the Will and Codicil, I set out these clauses below for
easy reference. The parties acknowledged that any such interpretation would be
binding on them when the application of the same clauses arises subsequently
in dealing with the Estate.

The Will

9 I set out below the clauses of the Will that parties referred to or are
relevant for the disposal of OSP 14. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See PA1 at p 28 onwards.

LAST WILL OF [Testator]

…

Part I – MY [PQR] SHARES

2\. I declare that this part of the Will is intended to provide for my shares
and interests in the [PQR] Group of Companies (as hereinafter defined), and
Part I of this Will is not intended to apply to my personal assets held in my
name (such as my interests in properties) for which I have made provisions
separately in Part II of this Will.

…

Part II – MY PERSONAL ESTATE

…

10\. I declare that this part of the Will is intended to provide for my
personal assets held in my name in Singapore and elsewhere, and such personal
assets, for the purpose of this Will, include the rest of my shares or
interests in [PQR] and the [PQR] Group of Companies not comprised in My Shares
as hereinbefore defined.

11.1 Subject to the payment of my debts, estate duties and funeral and
testamentary expenses, and subject further to the provisions of clauses 15.1
and 16 hereof, I give all my real and personal property whatsoever and
wheresoever (excepting the rest of my shares or interests in [PQR] and the
[PQR] Group of Companies not comprised in My Shares as hereinbefore defined)
comprised in such personal assets (including any property over which I may
have a general power of appointment or disposition by will) to my trustees
upon trust for my 3 daughters in equal shares, namely,

(a) my eldest daughter [Sister 1];

(b) my second daughter [Sister 2];

(c) my third daughter [Sister 3];

…

15.1 I have a property, my matrimonial home in Singapore known as [Property 1]
(“the first apartment”). It is my wish that so long as my son [Son] owns the
first apartment, my wife [Mother] shall be entitled to continue to reside in
the first apartment as a life tenant as long as she lives or desires (together
with my son [Son] if he so desires), provided she does not remarry, and
provided she does not permit her siblings and their immediate families (the
[Mother’s] family) to reside in the first apartment at any time. If any of my
daughters [the Sisters] who now reside abroad wish to stay in the first
apartment during their visits to Singapore, it is my wish that my wife
[Mother] should allow them to stay in the first apartment without rent
(subject also to my said son retaining the ownership of the first apartment),
but this does not entitle them to move into the first apartment to stay there
permanently. My daughter [Sister 1] presently has exclusive use of one room at
the top level of the first apartment, and she may continue to have exclusive
use of this room for so long as the provisions of this clause applies.

15.2 I wish to categorically state that I do not want the siblings of my wife
(the [Mother’s] family) to at any time whatsoever reside in, occupy or
otherwise use any of my properties including those that I have given in one
way or another to any of my said daughters [the Sisters] and my said son [the
Son] during my lifetime or in this Will, and I direct my trustees to ensure
that this is observed.

…

16.1 Subject to the provisions of clause 15.1, I devise and bequeath the first
apartment to my trustees (of this my Will) upon trust for my said son [Son]
until he attains the age of twenty-five (25) years. Upon my death, it is my
wish that my son [Son] will bear all expenses pertaining to the first
apartment from his own funds (even if the trust herein subsists), for which I
have in my lifetime made provision. The provisions of clause 11.1 shall not
apply to, and the provisions of clause 13 and clause 15.1 and 15.2 shall apply
to, the first apartment.

16.2 I have purchased another apartment [Property 2] (“the second apartment”)
for investment. Without prejudice to the general provisions of clause 11.1, I
hereby devise and bequeath the second apartment to my three (3) daughters
named in clause 11.1(a), (b) and (c) in equal shares as tenants-in-common
absolutely. The second apartment is presently mortgaged to the Standard
Chartered Bank, and it shall be the responsibility of my three (3) daughters
to discharge this loan at any time they deem fit to do so.

17\. Subject to the above, my trustees may sell call in and convert my
personal assets as aforesaid into money with power to postpone the sale
calling in and conversion thereof so long as they shall in their absolute
discretion think fit without being liable for loss.

[emphasis in original]

10 In effect, the Testator had first divided his assets into two classes. The
first comprised certain of his shares in [PQR] (51% of the shareholding in
[PQR], per cl 3.1) and [PQR’s] shares in its subsidiaries. The second
comprised the remainder of his assets. Of the latter, Property 1 was devised
and bequeathed to the Son, and the Testator allowed the Mother to stay in
Property 1 for as long as she lives or desires so long as the Son continued to
hold the property. Property 2 was devised and bequeathed to the Sisters in
equal shares as tenants-in-common absolutely (per cl 16.2), but this was then
amended by a Codicil.

The Codicil

11 The clauses of the Codicil that parties referred to or are relevant for the
disposal of OSP 14 are as follows: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PA1 at p 50.

CODICIL of [Testator]

…

1\. I revoke clause 16.2 (in its entirety) of my said Will, and I substitute
the new following clause 16.2 therefor –

16.2 I have purchased another apartment [Property 2] (“the second apartment”)
for investment. Without prejudice to the general provisions of clause 11.1, I
hereby devise and bequeath the second apartment in five (5) equal shares – one
(1) equal share each to my wife [Mother] and my three (3) daughters named in
clause 11.1(a), (b) and (c) as tenants in common absolutely, and one (1) equal
share to my five (5) sisters AS TENANT IN COMMON, namely:

(i) [Aunt 1]

(ii) [Aunt 2]

(iii) [Aunt 3]

(iv) [Aunt 4]

(v) [Aunt 5]

such one (1) equal share to my sisters to be divided between my said sisters
among themselves in equal shares as tenants-in-common absolutely. The second
apartment is presently mortgaged to the Standard Chartered Bank, and it shall
be the responsibility of my SAID WIFE, MY three (3) daughters AND MY SAID
SISTERS JOINTLY to discharge this loan at any time they deem fit to do so.

2\. In all other aspects I confirm my said Will.

Litigation history

12 As noted above, apart from OSP 14, the parties have been engaged in a
lengthy history of litigation. It is useful now to set out this history, both
for context and because some of the past and existing litigation were relevant
to consider for the present case. Other than the probate actions, the
following are the actions taken out by the parties (or involving the parties)
in OSP 14, the nature of each of these actions, and the status of each of
them.

(a) HC/OS 687/2011 (“OS 687/2011”) was originally an application by the Mother
and one of the Executors against the remaining three Executors for the sale of
Property 2, and for the net proceeds of sale after discharging the mortgage on
the property to be distributed to the Sisters, the Mother and the Aunts. OS
687/2011, however, was amended in August 2017 to proceed only against the
Administrator and to seek a transfer of Property 2 rather than a sale. The
action is ongoing, and had been adjourned on 10 October 2017 pending the
disposal of HCF/OSP 12/2017 (now HCF/S 2/2018 (“S 2/2018”)), which parties
acknowledged would be dispositive of OS 687/2011 based on the facts before the
court then.

(b) HC/S 426/2012 was a suit commenced by the Mother against the Administrator
for repayment of a loan that she gave to the Testator. The suit was
discontinued by the Mother on 27 March 2017.

(c) HC/S 883/2012 (“S 883/2012”) was a suit commenced by the Sisters against
the Administrator and the Mother to declare that the Codicil was null and
void, and/or invalid. The suit was discontinued by the Sisters on 20 June
2017.

(d) HC/S 550/2013 was a suit commenced by the Son against the Administrator
for the termination of the trust under which the Administrator was holding
Property 1 as a trustee for the Son until he reaches the age of 25, and for
Property 1 to be transferred to him. The Son filed the Notice of
Discontinuance on 15 February 2017.

(e) HC/OS 904/2013 (“OS 904/2013”) was the Administrator’s action against the
Sisters, Mother, and the Son. The Administrator applied for it to be
discharged as administrator, and for its fees, costs and expenses since its
appointment on 2 March 2012 to be paid out of the Estate, and for it to be
authorised to take up two mortgages on Property 1 and Property 2 for the
purpose of discharging the Estate’s outstanding liabilities. The application
to be discharged was refused by the High Court on 4 March 2016, but with
liberty to apply when it had a viable replacement administrator to nominate.
The Court granted the remaining applications. The grounds of decision was
published as [2016] SGHC 31 (I refer to this as the “OS 904 GD”).

(f) HC/OS 725/2016 (“OS 725/2016”) was an application by one of the Sisters
for a declaration that a block of 600,000 shares in [PQR] that were registered
in the name of the defendant in OS 725/2016 were held by the latter on trust
for the Estate, and that the latter was also obliged to comply with any
direction by the Administrator in terms of the exercise of voting rights
attached to the shares. The High Court granted the application, and the
judgment was published as [2017] SGHC 111.

(g) HCF/OSP 12/2017 (converted to S 2/2018) was an application by the Son and
the Mother for the Son to be appointed as administrator, and for the Sisters
to be liable for the costs, expenses and outstanding liabilities of the Estate
up to the sum of S$5.5m, and for remaining liabilities beyond that amount to
be borne by the beneficiaries of the Estate in certain proportions. S 2/2018
is still ongoing.

13 Apart from the actions above, there was also HC/S 1015/2012 in which the
present parties were not directly involved as parties, but which affected
[PQR] and hence, indirectly, the Estate. This was an action commenced by the
receivers and managers appointed by the Court for [PQR] against 16 parties
which comprised both individuals and corporate entities. The claim was for
breach of fiduciary duties by directors, damages for conspiracy, damages for
diversion of business opportunities, damages for diversion of monies, damages
for dishonest assistance of breach of director’s duties, damages for knowing
receipt of any proceeds of the [PQR], an account of all the monies from the
proceeds of the conspiracy as constructive trustees, tracing of such proceeds,
and damages in lieu of tracing. The various claims and counterclaims were all
discontinued in mid-2017.

14 While the Testator had built up [PQR] and achieved significant financial
success, the conflicts surrounding his Estate have resulted in a diminution in
the Estate available for distribution. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PA1 at para 20.

It was already clear around 2012 that the Estate did not have sufficient cash
on hand to meet the liabilities and expenses incurred up to 2013. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PA1 at para 31.

This prompted the application in OS 904/2013. Since then, however, the
situation had apparently not been resolved. The costs of the Administrator and
its legal representatives remained unpaid and have naturally increased (see
[2] above). It was in this context that the present application was brought.

The assets of the Estate

15 Before turning to the application, it is also helpful to set out the assets
of the Estate that were devised and bequeathed to the defendants. The
following assets in Singapore were identified in the Schedule of Assets issued
on 5 January 2009: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PA1 at p 141.

(a) Property 1, valued at S$6.5m at the date of death;

(b) Property 2, valued at S$5m at the date of death;

(c) A property, “Property 3”, valued at S$2.9m at the date of death;

(d) A property, “Property 4”, valued at S$2.6m at the date of death; and

(e) 1,459,460 shares in [PQR], valued at S$4,430,920.56 at the date of death.

16 Properties 3 and 4 (which I refer to as the “Residuary Properties”) were
transferred to the Sisters by the Executors in 2009. As of the present
application, the remaining properties, therefore, were Property 1, Property 2,
and 1,459,460 shares in [PQR].

The application

17 The central application in OSP 14 was prayer 1, which read as follows:

That the Plaintiff, as the Administrator of the Estate of [the Testator] be
authorised pursuant to Section 13 of the Trustees Act and/or the will and
codicil of [the Testator], to sell the following properties held by the Estate
on the open market for the purpose of discharging the Estate’s outstanding
liabilities:

a. [Property 1]; and/or

b. [Property 2].

18 By the Hearing on 4 March 2020, the Administrator confirmed that it was
only seeking a sale of Property 2. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript of 4 March 2020 (“Transcript 3”) at p 3.

Parties’ positions

The Administrator

19 While the Administrator had made reference to s 13 of the Trustees Act (Cap
337, 2005 Rev Ed) (“Trustees Act”) in OSP 14 itself, it clarified at the
Hearing that it was relying primarily on its position as the administrator of
the Estate and the powers granted under the Probate and Administration Act
(Cap 251, 2000 Rev Ed) (“PAA”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript 3 at pp 14–15.

Even if the Trustees Act applied, however, the Administrator argued that the
court could still grant the power to sell Property 2. As between the two
properties, it was more appropriate to sell Property 2 because of how the Will
distinguished between the two properties. None of the alternatives suggested
by the other parties were feasible, and the sale was needed. In response to
the Sisters’ argument (set out below), the Administrator argued that no issue
estoppel arose. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript 3 at pp 9–12.

20 The Administrator took the position, and it was agreed by all parties, that
the Estate was solvent. It was also not disputed that the Administrator, as a
trust corporation, would be entitled to remuneration for its services, and
further, that the remuneration would fall within the scope of the phrase
“funeral, testamentary and administration expenses, debts and liabilities” of
the Estate under s 57(4) of the PAA.

The Sisters

21 The Sisters opposed the sale of Property 1 and Property 2. They raised the
following issues in their submissions: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st to 3rd Defendants’ Written Submissions (“D1-3WS”) at para 5.

(a) Whether a trust for sale of [Property 1] and [Property 2] arise from the
operation of Clauses 11.1, 16.1, 16.2 and 17 of the Will [“Issue A”];

(b) If the answer to (a) above is no, whether the Court has the jurisdiction
to grant an order for the [Administrator] to sell [Property 1] and/or
[Property 2] pursuant to the [Administrator’s] application in OSP 14 [“Issue
B”];

(c) If the answer to (b) above is yes, whether the Court should exercise its
discretion in the present circumstances to grant such an order for sale
[“Issue C”];

(d) If the answer to (c) above is yes, whether res judicata operates
nevertheless to prevent the parties from relitigating the issue of whether
[Property 2] should be sold in OSP 14 [“Issue D”].

22 Based on these issues, the Sisters first argued that no trust for sale
arose in the Will. As a result, the Administrator needed to rely on the
Trustee Act for the power to sell. However, the Sisters then contended that
the court did not have jurisdiction to grant the order sought in OSP 14. Even
if the court had jurisdiction, the court should not grant the order for such a
sale. In this regard, the Sisters emphasised that the sale was not necessary,
that alternatives were available, and that prejudice would be caused to the
Sisters. In any case, they argued, the matter was already determined in OS
904/2013 and the doctrine of res judicata prevented the issue of the sale of
Property 2 from being re-litigated.

23 At the Hearing, counsel for the Sisters noted that the Administrator was
not relying on the Trustees Act but the PAA, and focused her oral submissions
on its role as administrator of the Estate. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript 3 at p 33, ln 3–13.

The substance of the arguments for why the order should not be granted was
maintained.

The Mother

24 The Mother opposed the sale of Property 1. However, she supported the sale
of Property 2 and was prepared to purchase it from the Estate so that it could
immediately be put into funds to discharge its liabilities. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

4th Defendant’s Written Submissions (“D4WS”) at paras 1 and 2.

At the Hearing, given that the Administrator had confirmed that it was only
seeking an order to enable it to sell Property 2, the Mother aligned herself
with the Administrator’s position. The Mother also took the position that the
Sisters’ interpretation of the Will was not tenable. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript 3 at p 22, ln 11–12.

Counsel for the Mother also accepted the Administrator’s position that it was
not yet a trustee but an administrator, and that OSP 14 was primarily
concerned with the powers of an administrator. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript 3 at p 25, ln 8–14.

The Son

25 The Son initially opposed the sale of both Property 1 and Property 2, and
submitted that if a sale were necessary, only Property 2 should be sold. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

5th Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions (“D5WS”) at p 1; 5th Defendant’s Reply
Skeletal Submissions (“D5RS”) at para 1.

He argued that: (a) the fees owing to the Administrator and its legal
representatives were not finalised; (b) there was no need to obtain more funds
to finance any litigation that the Estate was involved in, as only two actions
were still live; (c) the Administrator had not made best efforts to obtain
mortgages for Property 1 and Property 2 after they obtained the approval to do
so in OS 904/2013; and (d) the Administrator should obtain a large enough loan
from the Sisters on terms that would be acceptable to the other beneficiaries
to pay for the liabilities.

26 At the Hearing, however, the Son aligned himself with the Administrator’s
position that Property 2 should be sold. Counsel for the Son accepted the
characterisation that the Administrator was not yet a trustee. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript 3 at p 28, ln 19–21.

The Son argued that Property 1 and Property 2 were clearly distinguished in
the Will. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript 3 at p 28, ln 25–28.

As for issue estoppel, he denied that any such estoppel arose. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript 3 at p 29, ln 26–p 30, ln 23.

Issues

27 As can be seen from the above summary of the parties’ positions, the
preliminary issue was whether the question of the sale of Property 2 was res
judicata and could not be raised in these proceedings. If the matter was not
res judicata, a key issue in this dispute concerned the proper
characterisation of the Administrator’s role and the powers under which the
sale was to be effected. Although there was a degree of overlap with the
issues pertaining to the Trustees Act and the interpretation of the Will and
Codicil, this issue was an important point to clarify at the outset. This
would also effectively address Issues A and B that the Sisters raised, which
were premised on the application being under the Trustees Act. Following that,
the issues were effectively concerned with whether the court should grant the
requested order to authorise the Administrator to sell Property 2.

28 The issues for determination, therefore, can be summarised as follows:

(a) Was the question of the sale of Property 2 res judicata? This is the
equivalent of Issue D in the Sisters’ submissions.

(b) In what capacity was the present application made by the Administrator and
what was the basis for the proposed sale of Property 2? This would deal with
Issues A and B in the Sisters’ submissions.

(c) Should the Administrator be authorised to sell Property 2? This is the
equivalent of Issue C in the Sisters’ submissions, and comprises the following
sub-issues:

(i) Were there viable alternatives to selling either property?

(ii) Should Property 1 or Property 2 be sold?

(iii) Would the sale predetermine existing legal proceedings?

(iv) Would the Sisters be prejudiced if Property 2 were sold?

29 Before turning to the substance of OSP 14, however, it is useful for me to
address the Mother’s application in HCF/SUM 300/2019 (“SUM 300/2019”) for OSP
14 to be stayed pending the resolution of S 2/2018 briefly, as it sets OSP 14
in the context of other on-going proceedings and, in any case, logically comes
before the substance of OSP 14 is dealt with.

SUM 300/2019

30 SUM 300/2019 was filed by the Mother on 4 November 2019 for the proceedings
in OSP 14 to be stayed pending resolution of S 2/2018, including any appeal. S
2/2018 involved the Mother and Son as plaintiffs, making the following claims:
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) in S 2/2018 at p 8.

(a) That the Son be appointed as administrator of the Estate and any other
existing letters of administration to the contrary be revoked.

(b) A declaration that the Sisters are liable for the Estate’s costs, expenses
and outstanding liabilities up to the sum of S$5.5m. If the liabilities exceed
that sum, such excess be satisfied by the beneficiaries entitled to the
Estate’s specific bequests, with the liability of each beneficiary calculated
according to the rateable value of the specific bequest to which that
beneficiary is entitled.

31 The first claim was not relevant to OSP 14, in my view. The directions
sought in OSP 14 on how the Estate is to raise funds to pay the Estate
Liabilities were necessary whoever the administrator will be after S 2/2018 is
disposed of. There was no money or not enough money to pay the Estate
Liabilities, and the administrator would need directions on how they could
raise the requisite funds. I did not see a reason to stay OSP 14 on the
grounds that the first claim was still to be decided.

32 I turn to the second claim, which was more relevant to OSP 14 as it
concerned the question of the Estate’s liabilities. The arguments in S 2/2018
centred on the transfer of the Residuary Properties (see [16] above) to the
Sisters by the Executors when the latter had been in charge of administering
the Estate in 2009. In the Statement of Claim for S 2/2018, the Mother and Son
claimed that pursuant to the Second Schedule to the PAA (see [64] below) the
residuary assets of the Estate were to be applied to discharge the Estate’s
liabilities before the specific bequests could be used for that purpose. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement of Claim in S 2/2018 at para 20.

Hence, as the Residuary Properties were part of this residue and had been
transferred to the Sisters, the Sisters ought to be made liable for the Estate
Liabilities up to the value of the Residuary Properties, that is, the probate
value of S$5.5m. The fact of the transfer was not denied by the Sisters, who
instead claimed that the value of the Residuary Properties was not as high as
S$5.5m, and that in any case, the Residuary Properties were released at a time
when there were no Estate Liabilities. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

VIN’s Defence (Amendment No 1) in S 2/2018 at para 21.

33 While I recognised that S 2/2018 (in its prior form as an originating
summons in OSP 12/2017) had been filed before the filing of OSP 14, I
considered that it would be inappropriate to order a stay as requested in SUM
300/2019. The fact of the matter was that the transfer of the Residuary
Properties had already occurred and they were no longer part of the Estate
that the Administrator had access to. Whether they or an equivalent value
should be returned to the Estate or applied towards the Estate’s liabilities
remains an open question to be determined in S 2/2018, but any further
proceedings in S 2/2018 would also result in additional expenses for the
Administrator and the Estate. Given this situation, it did not seem to me to
be just to require S 2/2018 to be resolved (including any appeals) before OSP
14 could be determined. That would place the Administrator in the very
difficult situation of having to continue to act while being unpaid and of
being unable to meet their legal adviser’s fees. This would not be conducive
to the proper administration of the Estate. If anything in S 2/2018 would
affect how the liabilities of the Estate are to be borne, appropriate
adjustments to the distribution of assets can be made at the appropriate
juncture.

34 Hence, I dismissed SUM 300/2019. I turn now to the substance of OSP 14.

OSP 14

Was the question of the sale of Property 2 res judicata?

35 The Sisters argued that the question of the sale of Property 2 was res
judicata because of the High Court’s decision in OS 904/2013. I disagreed.

36 The doctrine of res judicata consists of three “conceptually distinct but
interrelated principles”: (1) cause of action estoppel, (2) issue estoppel,
and (3) the “extended doctrine” of res judicata, or the defence of “abuse of
process”: Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and
others and another appeal and other matters [2017] 2 SLR 12 (“Turf Club Auto”)
at [82]. The Sisters’ submissions focused on both issue estoppel and abuse of
process, with the emphasis placed on the latter at the Hearing. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript 3 at p 39, ln 7–9.

As the requirements for each are different, I deal with them in turn.

Issue estoppel

37 The requirements for issue estoppel were set out by the Court of Appeal in
Turf Club Auto at [87] as follows: (1) there must be a final and conclusive
judgment on the merits; (2) that judgment must be by a court of competent
jurisdiction; (3) the two actions that are being compared must involve the
same parties; and (4) there must be identity of subject matter in the two
proceedings (“Conditions (1), (2), (3) and (4)” respectively). Conditions (2)
and (3) were clearly satisfied. The real issues concerned Conditions (1) and
(4).

38 I consider Condition (1). The question is whether the High Court’s decision
in OS 904/2013 was a final and conclusive judgment on the merits of how the
assets of the Estate should be applied towards meeting the Estate Liabilities.
In my view, the decision of the Court in OS 904/2013 had not finally
determined the rights between the parties with regard to how monies were to be
raised to pay for the Estate liabilities. It was an interim decision made
based on prevailing circumstances at that time. Although the Court had refused
to allow the sale of Property 2 as proposed by the Mother, I did not
understand it to be a decision which was determinative of whether the property
could be sold.

39 This can be seen, firstly, from the references that the Court made to
matters that were subject to change. The High Court had referred to the
dispute on whether the Codicil was valid in OS 725/2016. That dispute called
into question the entitlements that the beneficiaries had in the property.
That was, in turn, related to the issue of whether Property 2 should be sold
as disputed in OS 687/2011 (OS 904 GD at [23]). Those circumstances were
liable to change. In fact, the circumstances have changed. OS 725/2016 was
withdrawn by the Sisters and they no longer take the position that the Codicil
was invalid. Now that the validity of the Codicil was no longer in issue, the
disposal of Property 2 would be determined according to the Codicil. Finally,
as I note at [105] below, OS 687/2011 has since been amended in August 2017 so
that the Mother is no longer pursuing a sale of Property 2 but only a transfer
of Property 2 to the beneficiaries according to the Codicil. The circumstances
have changed and called for a reassessment of the means by which the
liabilities of the Estate were to be discharged.

40 Further, the High Court’s preference of the mortgages over the sale of
Property 2 had to be seen in context. Any pronouncement it made preferring the
mortgages was not a conclusion that the sale of Property 2 should not be
allowed under any circumstance. It was expressing a view on the better
solution at that juncture, especially in the light of the fact that the
Administrator had applied for the authorisation to take out mortgages on the
properties. If the Administrator failed to raise sufficient funds (or any
funds) by way of the proposed mortgages, it would be surprising if a later
court would be prevented from considering the possibility of sale
subsequently. That is exactly what has happened. Indeed, as a matter of
principle, the High Court had recognised that all the properties in the Estate
could be liquidated (OS 904 GD at [38]).

41 In terms of Condition (4), the identity of subject matter, I also doubted
whether the High Court’s decision in OS 904/2013 shared the same subject
matter as the present proceedings in such a way that would give rise to issue
estoppel. As the Court of Appeal summarised in Turf Club Auto ([36] supra) at
[108], there are three further sub-requirements under Condition (4):

…

(a) The prior decision must traverse the same ground as the subsequent
proceedings and the facts and circumstances giving rise to the earlier
decision must not have changed or should be incapable of change.

(b) The previous determination must have been fundamental and not merely
collateral to the previous decision so that the decision could not stand
without that determination, and this analysis should be approached from the
perspective of common sense.

(c) The issue should be shown in fact to have been raised and argued.

42 In my judgment, the first sub-requirement was not met in this case. For the
reasons already identified at [39]–[40], I found that the “facts and
circumstances giving rise to the earlier decision” have in fact changed. The
dispute over the Codicil was no longer active, and to the extent that there
was still an outstanding issue relating to Property 2, the Mother was no
longer seeking a sale of Property 2. Whereas mortgages on Properties 1 and 2
were still a possibility then, the Administrator argued that this was no
longer viable and sale was the best option. I will discuss whether this was
true below (see [69]–[72] below) but the point is that the decision that
Property 2 should not be sold was given in the context of circumstances that
were bound to change.

43 Therefore, no issue estoppel arose preventing the Administrator from now
seeking a sale of Property 2. The reality was that the court was concerned
here and in OS 904/2013 with the best way forward in the management of the
Estate in the circumstances of each application. What was the preferred option
then may not be the preferred option now. In this context, it would not be
sensible to prevent solutions which were previously canvassed and rejected in
different circumstances from being raised again at a later stage.

Abuse of process

44 I turn then to the Sisters’ argument on the abuse of process doctrine. As
the High Court stated in Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R)
453 (“Nellie Goh”) at [53]:

… [A] court should determine whether there is an abuse of process by looking
at all the circumstances of the case, including whether the later proceedings
in substance is nothing more than a collateral attack upon the previous
decision; whether there are bona fide reasons why an issue that ought to have
been raised in the earlier action was not; and whether there are some other
special circumstances that might justify allowing the case to proceed. The
absence or existence of these enumerated factors (which are not intended to be
exhaustive) is not decisive. In determining whether the ambient circumstances
of the case give rise to an abuse of process, the court should not adopt an
inflexible or unyielding attitude but should remain guided by the balance to
be found in the tension between the demands of ensuring that a litigant who
has a genuine claim is allowed to press his case in court and recognising that
there is a point beyond which repeated litigation would be unduly oppressive
to the defendant. … [emphasis added]

45 No abuse of process could be found on the facts of the present case. The
biggest hurdle the Sisters’ submission on this doctrine faced was the fact
that the Administrator, which was bringing the present application for
Property 2 to be sold, had in fact argued against the sale of Property 2 in OS
904/2013. At that time, the Administrator had taken the position that
mortgages would be acceptable and sufficient for the Estate’s needs. This
proved to be wrong, as the Administrator claimed, when no mortgage could be
obtained despite its efforts. Regardless, it was clear that this could not be
a collateral attack on the prior decision because, in truth, the Administrator
had gotten what it wanted in OS 904/2013. Its present application was not
seeking to re-open the issue in its favour, but an acknowledgment that now,
perhaps, a sale might be needed for the Estate. This was further buttressed by
the fact that the circumstances were bound to change and that, this being an
issue with the administration of the Estate, different solutions might be
required at different points in time.

46 Furthermore, the Sisters’ argument here sat uneasily with their insistence
that the sale of Property 2 should not be allowed because the Administrator
had not exerted itself sufficiently in seeking funding through an alternative,
like a mortgage. On the one hand, this argument implied that the Administrator
ought to have pursued an alternative like the mortgage, which it actually did
in OS 904/2013, but, on the other hand, the Sisters then argued that this
would prevent the Administrator from later seeking a sale of the property. In
fact, it was exactly because the Administrator had taken one position, tried
it, and failed to secure financing, that it then came back to court to seek a
different solution. This could not be an abuse of process. I saw no reason to
apply the extended doctrine of res judicata in this case.

47 Therefore, on the basis of my conclusions on issue estoppel and abuse of
process, I held that there was no res judicata that prevented the
Administrator from now pursuing a sale of Property 2.

Basis for the application for authorisation to sell

48 The question then arose as to the capacity in which the Administrator was
bringing the application in OSP 14, which affected the appropriate legal
regime to apply. I held that the Administrator was acting as an administrator
of the Estate rather than a trustee, and that the appropriate legal regime for
the issue was the PAA.

The capacity of the Administrator

49 The Administrator, in both its written submissions filed on 26 February
2020 and at the Hearing, confirmed that it was not relying on the Trustees Act
or any trust for sale, and was instead relying on s 57(4) of the PAA. That
provision allows for assets of the Estate to be applied for “the discharge of
the funeral, testamentary and administration expenses, debts and liabilities
payable thereout”, in the order specified in the Second Schedule. It argued
that as its task as the administrator was not yet complete, it had not yet
stepped into the position of a trustee, and hence the PAA was the relevant
legislation. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PWS at paras 18–19.

50 Both counsel for the Mother 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript 3 at p 25, ln 8–14.

and for the Son 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript 3 at p 28, ln 19–21.

agreed with the characterisation of the Administrator’s position. While
counsel for the Sisters raised the point that OSP 14 had been framed under the
Trustees Act, she did not take the point further and proceeded to submit at
the Hearing on the basis of the PAA. Further, I note for completeness that the
Administrator’s position was already known at least by 26 February 2020 by
virtue of the written submissions, but no objection or issue was raised at the
hearing on 27 February 2020, which was adjourned. Sufficient time had been
given to all parties to submit on this issue and the applicability of s 57(4)
of the PAA.

51 The Administrator, as administrator of the Estate, recognised that its role
was to “call in” the assets of the Estate, and to pay all the debts and
expenses of the Estate. It had to do this before it could distribute the
assets to the beneficiaries as trustee of the Estate. The distinction between
an “administrator” and a “trustee” was summarised by High Court in Lee Yoke
San and another v Tsong Sai Sai Cecilia and another [1992] 3 SLR(R) 516 (“Lee
Yoke San”) at [35]: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PWS at para 19.

An executor “calls in” the estate that collects and converts the assets into
cash, and pays all the funeral and testamentary expenses, estate duty, debts
and legacies. When he has done this, he has discharged his duties as an
executor. Then he steps into the shoes of a trustee. He owes a fiduciary duty
to the beneficiaries, whether he is an executor or trustee. Executors retain
the status of personal representatives indefinitely so long as they have not
acted in the capacity of trustees or made a declaration that they have taken
on the status of trustees.

52 This distinction is between an administrator (who works to call in and
convert assets, and to pay out as necessary), and the trustee of the assets in
the estate. It is only after the work of the executor/administrator is done
that he becomes the trustee of the property in the trusts detailed by the
will. None of this appeared to be disputed by the defendants in this case.
Although this case was not cited to me by the parties, the undisputed
principles were summarised by the Court of Appeal in Ong Wui Teck (personal
representative of the estate of Chew Chen Chin, deceased) v Ong Wui Swoon and
another and another appeal [2019] SGCA 61 (“Ong Wui Teck”):

64 In our judgment, a personal representative ceases to be an executor and
administrator only after all the assets of the estate have been vested in the
personal representative, and the estate has been fully administered: see G
Raman, Probate and Administration in Singapore and Malaysia (LexisNexis, 4th
Ed, 2018) at para 12.19. This involves, inter alia, getting in all the assets
of the estate, paying for any funeral, testamentary and administrative
expenses, and satisfying all outstanding debts against the estate. As trustee,
the personal representative then becomes concerned with the problems of
distribution of the administered estate among the persons entitled: see
Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks on Executors, Administrators and Probate
(Alexander Learmonth et al gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2018)
(“Williams, Mortimer and Sunnucks”) at para 65-05. …

65 Once an executor decides that he no longer requires the estate’s assets for
the satisfaction of the liabilities of the estate, he should then “assent” to
the legacy. This is explained by the learned authors of Williams, Mortimer and
Sunnucks at para 76-01 (see also Arthur Dean, “When Does an Executor become a
Trustee?” (1935-1938) 1 Res Judicatae 92 at p 93):

An assent has been described as an acknowledgment by a personal representative
that an asset is no longer required for the payment of the debts, funeral
expenses or general pecuniary legacies.

As has been shown all real and personal property to which a deceased person
was entitled for an interest not ceasing on his death, now devolves upon his
representatives. They are responsible for the satisfaction of the deceased’s
debts to the extent of the whole estate, even though the testator may have
directed that a portion of it should be applied to other purposes. In view of
this liability they should not distribute any portion of the deceased’s estate
until satisfied that such debts have been actually paid or are adequately
secured, or can be paid without recourse to that portion of the estate. The
personal representatives are protected against competing claims by the
principle that the beneficiaries’ title to the deceased’s property, whether
devisees, legatees or persons entitled on intestacy, is not complete until
some act of the representatives themselves makes it so. This act, according to
the circumstances, is either an assent or a conveyance, and until it has taken
place the administration continues.

66 It follows that before the debts and liabilities of the estate have been
fully settled, the beneficiaries to the will cannot claim to have a beneficial
interest in the assets of the estate, since some of the assets may have to be
used in satisfaction of the said debts and liabilities. Therefore, if the
beneficiaries do not have an equitable interest in the assets of the Estate,
the personal representative cannot be regarded as a trustee over those assets.
…

[emphasis added]

53 The Court of Appeal had earlier given guidance on the nature of an “assent”
in this context in Seah Teong Kang (co-executor of the will of Lee Koon,
deceased) and another v Seah Yong Chwan (executor of the estate of Seah Eng
Teow) [2015] 5 SLR 792 (“Seah Teong Kang”), describing an assent (at [25]) as
“an acknowledgement by a personal representative that an asset of the deceased
is no longer required for the payment of the debts of the estate, funeral
expenses or general pecuniary legacies”. The question of whether an assent
exists is a fact-sensitive one, since an assent may be informal and may also
be inferred from conduct: Seah Teong Kang at [27].  In respect of Property 1
and Property 2, there is no evidence of any assent on the part of the
Administrator, and none of the parties have sought to argue as such. It
follows that both Property 1 and Property 2 are not held on trust by the
Administrator, and the appropriate regime of law is that which applies to
execution and administration of an estate.

54 For completeness, I also note that while the Residuary Properties had
earlier been transferred to the Sisters by the Executors who had charge of the
Estate previously (see [16] above), this did not bring an end to the
administration of the Estate. I understand that this was done at a time when
there were enough liquid assets for the administration of the Estate. Since
then, the Estate Liabilities have mounted, contributed to also by the many
actions that the Administrator had to deal with or be involved in, and there
was no longer sufficient liquidity in the Estate to pay for its
administration, leaving significant expenses unpaid. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript of 27 February 2020 (“Transcript 2”) at p 17; Transcripts 3 at p
15.

Nothing done in respect of the Residuary Properties could be construed as
assent in relation to Property 1 and Property 2.

55 On the basis of this analysis, it was clear to me that the Administrator
was still an administrator of the Estate vis-à-vis Property 1 and Property 2,
and that they were therefore not trustees of the properties of the Estate.

56 This should not be confused with the fact that the Trustees Act applies to
executors and administrators where appropriate. The Trustees Act provides a
statutory definition of “trust” and “trustee” that extends beyond the usual
concept of a trustee. By virtue of s 2(1), the Trustees Act applies to “trusts
including, so far as this Act applies thereto, executorships and
administratorships constituted or created either before, on or after 1st
September 1929” [emphasis added]. Section 3 of the Trustees Act provides the
following definition of “trust”:

“trust” does not include the duties incident to an estate conveyed by way of
mortgage, but with this exception “trust” and “trustee” extend to implied and
constructive trusts, and to cases where the trustee has a beneficial interest
in the trust property, and to the duties incident to the office of a personal
representative, and “trustee” where the context admits includes a personal
representative … [emphasis added]

57 As a result, even while assent has not been given and the administration of
the estate is still on-going, ie before the administrator becomes a trustee in
the strict sense, there are provisions in the Trustees Act that already apply
by virtue of s 2(1) and s 3 of the Trustees Act. Not all of the provisions in
the Trustees Act apply, however, as can be seen from the reservations in s
2(1) – “so far as this Act applies thereto” – and s 3 – “where the context
admits”. Each provision needs to be considered specifically to see if it was
intended to apply to executors/administrators as well. To that extent, both
the PAA and the relevant provisions of the Trustees Act may apply to an
administrator of an estate.

The power to sell

58 In the present case, the Administrator had chosen to seek the court’s
approval to exercise its power under s 57(4) of the PAA for the assets of the
Estate to be applied towards the various Estate Liabilities. The parties
focused the dispute on whether Property 2 should be sold for this purpose and
accepted that the Administrator would have the power to sell the property
under s 57(4) of the PAA. I proceeded on the same basis. The Sisters’
submissions on whether a trust for sale existed and, if not, whether the power
to sell Property 2 could be added by the court under s 56 of the Trustees Act
were therefore not live issues. As submissions were made on these issues,
however, I propose to make some brief observations about why these arguments
did not apply to the present case.

59 Given that the Administrator has not yet completed the administration of
the Estate, the assets in the Estate are not held by the Administrator on
trust: Ong Wui Teck ([52] supra) at [66]; see [51]–[53] above. It follows that
any trust declared by the Will and Codicil would also not have been
constituted. The trust would only arise once the Administrator has given
assent, following which the Will and Codicil take effect: Seah Teong Kang
([53] supra) at [26]. Hence, a clause like cl 17 of the Will purporting to
create a trust for sale, regardless of its scope, would not be operative until
the assent had been given, even if Property 1 and Property 2 do fall within
the scope of cl 17. The power to sell for the purpose of meeting the Estate
Liabilities, therefore, cannot come from a trust for sale, since, where such
expenses and liabilities are unmet, ex hypothesi, the administration of the
estate is not complete, and no trust for sale arises yet.

60 Given that there can be no trust for sale that operates at this stage in
the administration of the Estate, the question then is whether s 56 of the
Trustees Act gives the court that power. Section 56 of the Trustees Act reads:

Power of court to authorise dealings with trust property

56.—(1) Where in the management or administration of any property vested in
trustees, any sale, lease, mortgage, surrender, release, or other disposition,
or any purchase, investment, acquisition, expenditure, or other transaction,
is in the opinion of the court expedient, but the same cannot be effected by
reason of the absence of any power for that purpose vested in the trustees by
the trust instrument, if any, or by law, the court may —

(a) by order confer upon the trustees, either generally or in any particular
instance, the necessary power for the purpose, on such terms, and subject to
such provisions and conditions, if any, as the court may think fit; and

(b) direct in what manner any money authorised to be expended, and the costs
of any transaction, are to be paid or borne as between capital and income.

(2) The court may, from time to time, rescind or vary any order made under
this section, or may make any new or further order.

(3) An application to the court under this section may be made by the
trustees, or by any of them or by any person beneficially interested under the
trust.

61 Section 56 arguably applies to an administrator of an estate because of
“trustees” as defined by s 3 of the Trustees Act and because s 56(1) refers to
the “administration of any property vested in trustees”, which would cover the
assets of an estate that vests in the administrators, but which are not
technically a trust. I note that the High Court in OS 902/2013 assumed that s
56 of the Trustees Act would apply to the Administrator applying for the power
to take out mortgages on Property 1 and Property 2: OS 902 GD at [21].

62 As the Administrator clarified that it was no longer relying on s 56 of the
Trustees Act, I do not come to a firm conclusion on whether s 56 of the
Trustees Act would apply to an administrator of an estate where the
administration is still going on and the administrator wishes to sell assets
to cover the expenses and liabilities of the estate. While the question of how
the Trustees Act interacted with the PAA did arise in the present case (albeit
on the periphery), I did not ultimately have to resolve the question of the
exact relation between s 57 of the PAA and s 56 of the Trustees Act for the
purposes of this case and I therefore say no more.

Section 57(4) of the PAA

63 I turn then to consider the actual provision relied upon and on which I
based my decision. As I noted above, the parties were agreed that the Estate
was still solvent. The applicable provision was therefore s 57(4) of the PAA
which reads:

Where the estate of a deceased person is solvent his estate shall, subject to
the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R 5) and section 58 as to charges on property of
the deceased, and to the provisions, if any, contained in his will, be
applicable towards the discharge of the funeral, testamentary and
administration expenses, debts and liabilities payable thereout in the order
mentioned in the Second Schedule.

64 The Second Schedule provides as follows:

ORDER OF APPLICATION OF ASSETS WHERE THE ESTATE IS SOLVENT

1\. Property of the deceased undisposed of by will, subject to the retention
thereout of a fund sufficient to meet any pecuniary legacies.

2\. Property of the deceased not specifically devised or bequeathed but
included (either by a specific or general description) in a residuary gift,
subject to the retention out of such property of a fund sufficient to meet any
pecuniary legacies, so far as not provided for as aforesaid.

3\. Property of the deceased specifically appropriated or devised or
bequeathed (either by a specific or general description) for the payment of
debts.

4\. Property of the deceased charged with, or devised or bequeathed (either by
a specific or general description) subject to a charge for the payment of
debts.

5\. The fund, if any, retained to meet pecuniary legacies.

6\. Property specifically devised or bequeathed, rateably according to value.

7\. Property appointed by will under a general power, rateably according to
value.

8\. The following provisions shall also apply:

(a) the order of application may be varied by the will of the deceased; and

(b) this Schedule does not affect the liability of land to answer the death
duty imposed thereon in exoneration of other assets.

65 As in OS 904/2013, the parties did not dispute in this case that the assets
of the Estate had been exhausted up to para 6 of the Second Schedule to the
PAA, such that the next assets in line to be applied for the purpose of
discharging the Estate Liabilities would be the “[p]roperty specifically
devised or bequeathed, rateably according to value”, ie Property 1 and
Property 2. While there were shares in [PQR] remaining, the defendants did not
attempt to argue that they should be applied towards the Estate Liabilities
first ahead of Properties 1 and 2, and I therefore do not address that issue.

66 For present purposes, it was not disputed by any party that the
Administrator could rely on s 57(4) and the Second Schedule of the PAA to have
Property 2 sold. The Administrator brought the present application under O 15
and O 80 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) given the
potential disagreement of the beneficiaries, although in reality, since the
matter was filed in the Family Justice Courts, the appropriate rules were
under Part 18, Division 53 of the Family Justice Rules 2014 (S 813/2014)
(“FJR”). Hence, the question in this case was whether the court should allow
the Administrator to sell Property 2 in the face of disagreement by the
Sisters as beneficiaries.

Should the Administrator be authorised to sell Property 2?

67 The sub-issues raised in this case essentially were: (a) whether there were
viable alternatives to the sale of one of the properties that the
Administrator should be made to consider first, (b) whether Property 1 or
Property 2 should be sold, (c) whether the sale of Property 2 would pre-
determine existing legal proceedings, and (d) whether the sale of Property 2
would unfairly prejudice the Sisters. I address these in turn.

Were there viable alternatives to sale?

68 The Sisters argued that because there were alternatives to selling Property
2, the sale should not be authorised by the court. While no authority was
cited to me for the proposition that the sale must be necessary before the
court would grant the authorisation to sell in the context of administration,
I considered, in any case, that the sale of one of the properties was the most
viable path forward.

(1) Mortgage

69 After the Administrator was authorised to obtain further mortgages on the
two properties, its attempts to do so with three banks were not successful.
The beneficiaries’ solicitors were informed in 2017. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PWS at para 9(b).

The Administrator was of the view that it was unlikely that the Estate would
be able to secure mortgages over the properties when it had no income to meet
the mortgage payments. When OS 904/2013 was filed, Property 2 was tenanted but
it is no longer the case. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PWS at para 9(c).

For the reasons I detail below, renting out Property 1 and Property 2 was not
a practical solution in the present case.

70 While the Sisters claimed that the Administrator had failed to expend
reasonable efforts to obtain mortgages on the properties, I did not find a
basis for that conclusion. The Administrator had contacted four banks from 4
July 2016 to 1 February 2017 in an effort to obtain a mortgage. According to
the Administrator, “[n]one of the banks…were willing to engage [the
Administrator] with respect to taking any further mortgages…” 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PA1 at para 44.

The conclusion of this search was set out in a letter from the Administrator’s
solicitors on 3 February 2017 to the beneficiaries’ solicitors. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PA1 at pp 522–523.

71 The Administrator exhibited the correspondence between itself and the four
banks in its affidavit evidence. Two of the banks were not willing to deal
with the Administrator and suggested that the properties be transferred to the
beneficiaries first, and the mortgages could then be taken out by the
beneficiaries. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PA2 at para 17, and pp 91 and 95.

However, the Sisters took particular issue with how the Administrator dealt
with the remaining two banks:

(a) In relation to Standard Chartered Bank (“SCB”), after the Administrator
had provided the Order of Court in OS 904/2013 to evidence its authority to
take up the mortgages, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PA2 at p 60.

no response from SCB was forthcoming. The Sisters argued that the
Administrator should have followed up with SCB. In my view, however, after the
letter was sent in January 2017, it did not appear that following up with SCB
would have done much good. The Administrator was entitled to exercise its
judgment on how far to pursue matters, and the mere assertions by the Sisters
did not mean that the Administrator had failed in the discharge of its duty.

(b) In relation to HSBC Global Private Banking, the Sisters argued that after
the bank replied stating that it would check with the legal team and/or
external counsel, the Administrator should have followed up rather than
conclude that the mortgages could not be obtained. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PA2 at p 99.

However, given the situation faced by the Administrator, I was not able to
conclude that the Administrator had failed to pursue this option with
sufficient diligence, since the Administrator would have had to weigh several
considerations like the costs of pursuing the matter further (especially if
HSBC Global Private Banking would incur legal costs in seeking advice, and
such costs would be borne by the Estate) as well as the desirability of
engaging the respondents to seeking a more promising solution at that
juncture.

72 Therefore, I was of the view that there was little merit to the Sisters’
argument that the sale of Property 2 could not be authorised because the
Administrator had failed to make sufficient efforts to obtain the mortgages.
For the avoidance of doubt, I note that the order made in OS 904/2013 was not
to mandate the Administrator to take up further mortgages on the properties.
Rather, it was that the Administrator was authorised to do so pursuant to the
Trustees Act. This should be borne in mind in terms of the Sisters’ argument
that the Administrator had not yet “complied” with the terms of the order in
OS 904/2013.

(2) Renting out

73 The possibility of renting out Property 1 and Property 2 was relevant in
two ways. First, it was considered as an alternative to selling Property 2, if
the rental income could be used to discharge the Estate’s liabilities and
expenses. Second, it could be used to finance a mortgage that could be taken
out on the properties. Common to both was the issue that the properties could
not be tenanted out as a practical matter and as a matter of respecting the
Testator’s intentions.

74 After OS 904/2013 was disposed of, the Son moved into Property 1 and
resided there. It was therefore no longer possible for this property to be
rented out. In any event, once the administration of the Estate was complete,
Property 1 would be transferred to the Son (since he has already reached the
age of 25). Clause 15.1 of the Will also provided that the Wife could reside
in Property 1 so long as the Son owns it, with or without the Son, during her
lifetime. Moreover, by the same clause, any of the Sisters who are living
abroad would be allowed to stay in Property 1 when they visited, and one of
them, Sister 1, had exclusive use of one room in Property 1. Renting out
Property 1 would require the Administrator to override the Testator’s wishes
that are embodied in those clauses of the Will. It was therefore not available
for renting out unless parties agreed. There was no evidence of such
agreement.

75 Property 2 was not in a tenantable condition, and required renovations with
an estimated cost of S$35,000 before it could be rented out. The Estate did
not have the funds to undertake the necessary renovations. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PA2 at para 7.

Therefore, as a practical matter, renting out Property 2 did not appear to be
a viable solution. As I go on to explain, I did not find the loan arrangement
proposed by the Sisters to be viable, even if it would resolve the need for
the S$35,000 in the short term.

76 Even if the properties could be rented out, it was clear that the rental
income would be dwarfed by the outstanding Estate Liabilities. Property 2 was
apparently generating S$8,700 per month in rental income between 2018 and
2019. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PA1 at para 51.

Compared to the more than S$2m in expenses and liabilities that the Estate had
or would incur, merely using rental income was not viable. As for the proposal
to use the rental income to finance a mortgage, I was ultimately not convinced
that this was appropriate. Apart from the fact that no banks had come forward
to agree to such a mortgage, saddling either or both of Properties 1 and 2
with a mortgage at this point, after the finances of the Estate had been
further drawn down upon in the intervening four years between the decision in
OS 904/2013 and the Hearing, did not appear to be a sensible solution.

(3) Loans or guarantees from the Sisters

77 The Sisters had also offered to advance a loan to the Estate to pay its
income and property taxes, and the outgoings (ie, MCST and property management
fees, and renovation costs) for Property 2. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PWS at para 40; D1-3WS at para 38(a).

Alternatively, they would either provide guarantees for the mortgages of both
Property 1 and Property 2, or offer the Estate a loan on similar commercial
terms as a mortgage. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

D1-3WS at para 38(b).

78 Considering the first alternative, while it addressed the Estate
Liabilities other than the professional fees of the Administrator and its
legal representatives, it is the said fees which formed the bulk of the Estate
Liabilities and which will continue to increase so long as the Estate has to
be administered. As of 18 October 2019, the amount was already around S$1.8m.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PA2 at para 12.

If Property 2 is rented out, it can only obtain rental income of about S$8,700
per month if the rental in the past is used as a guide. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PA1 at para 51.

It would take more than 17 years to discharge the current debt, with more debt
piling up in the meantime. Even if the current debt is halved, it would still
take at least eight years to discharge it. Meanwhile, the Administrator and
its legal representatives will continue to charge professional fees for new
work done until the administration of the Estate is completed. These were not
addressed in the proposal.

79 Under the second alternative, it appears that both Property 1 and Property
2 would be rented out to finance the mortgages. I have already addressed why,
even if funds were available for Property 2 to be renovated and prepared for
tenancy, such rental would not be appropriate, even if the banks were willing
to accept the mortgage of the two properties (see [71] above). Furthermore,
the proposal for the guarantees came very late in the day, much after the
efforts were taken in 2016 to 2017 to attempt to secure the mortgage. It is
telling that this proposal was not made by the Sisters after the
Administrator’s solicitors had written to the beneficiaries in February 2017.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PA1 at p 522.

As for the proposal that the Sisters would offer a loan on the same commercial
terms as a mortgage over the properties, this also came late in the day.
Further, it was not clear how the loan would be able to account for on-going
and increasing expenses of the Estate. In addition, rather than take on
further liabilities, this proposal did not ultimately seem very different from
allowing the Administrator to sell Property 2, at which point the Sisters
could be the ones to purchase the property if they so desired.

80 As for the Son’s proposal that the Administrator should seek a big enough
loan from the Sisters on terms that would be acceptable to the other
beneficiaries, given the lack of cooperation between different groups of
beneficiaries that has been manifest in the history of the administration of
the Estate, I did not think that the Administrator should be placed in the
invidious position of having to resolve their disagreements. Its energies
would be better spent in calling in, and then distributing the assets in the
manner directed under the Will and Codicil. A solution that reduced the need
for further negotiations and which was not predicated on the goodwill of the
parties was a more realistic solution.

(4) Sale to the Mother

81 At the hearing of OSP 14, there was also an offer from the Mother to
purchase Property 2, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

D4WS at para 1.

subject to satisfactory valuation. I did not take this into consideration when
deciding OSP 14. First, it came very late in the day. Second, as pointed out
by the Administrator, the Sisters have not agreed to the proposal. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PWS at paras 45-46.

Nor have the Aunts, for that matter. If indeed the Mother wishes to purchase
Property 2, she can always indicate her interest and make her bid when the
property is put up for sale by the Administrator if OSP 14 is granted.

(5) Conclusion on alternatives

82 Therefore, I concluded that the alternatives raised to the sale of Property
2 did not appear sufficient to militate against ordering the sale of Property
2 to discharge the Estate Liabilities.

Should Property 2 be sold in advance of Property 1?

83 The next question to address was why Property 2 was to be sold ahead of
Property 1. The Administrator argued that this was to give effect to the Will
and Codicil. The Mother and Son aligned themselves with this submission. The
Sisters contended that there was no such preference, and indeed, Property 1
was to be sold first. I found that the Administrator’s proposal to sell
Property 2 ahead of Property 1 was consistent with Will and Codicil.

84 I clarify that my judgment in this regard was not based on any conclusion
concerning the order in which assets are to be applied for the Estate
Liabilities under the Second Schedule to the PAA. I recognised that para 6 of
the Second Schedule of the PAA refers to “[p]roperty specifically devised or
bequeathed, rateably according to value” [emphasis added]. This was subject to
para 8(a), which states: “the order of application may be varied by the will
of the deceased.” Section 57(4) of the PAA also provides that the payment out
is subject to the provisions of the will in question. However, in my view, the
issue of how the assets should be applied under the Second Schedule of the PAA
is distinct from the issue of whether Property 2 should be sold. In other
words, whether one property should be sold to raise funds for the
administration of the Estate is not equivalent to the question of which
property should bear the Estate Liabilities. In finding that the Administrator
should be allowed to sell Property 2, I have not found that Property 2 is to
be applied to the Estate Liabilities before Property 1, nor have I concluded
that Property 2 and Property 1 must be applied “rateably according to value”.
I left the question of how the expenses should fall as between Property 1 and
Property 2 open and chose to restrict my reasons for authorising the sale of
Property 2 in this case.

85 I briefly explain my reasons for not making a finding on the order of
application of assets under the Second Schedule of the PAA. First, this is a
matter that is best left to be resolved at the end of the administration when
the full scope of the Estate Liabilities can be quantified. That would lead to
a better appreciation of whether and how the Estate Liabilities have to be
borne by Property 1 and Property 2 rateably. Second, there remains the
unresolved question in S 2/2018 concerning the alleged S$5.5m from the
Residuary Property that, on the Mother’s and Son’s argument, ought to be
applied to discharge the Estate Liabilities before Property 1 and Property 2
are used. Depending on the outcome of S 2/2018, that would necessarily have an
effect on how the expenses and liabilities are to be borne between the assets
(and, thereby, the beneficiaries). It would be preferable to consider all of
these issues in the round once these matters have been resolved.

86 Hence, in this case, I was concerned only to examine whether the
Administrator’s decision to sell Property 2 could be impugned on the facts
presented before me. I decided that it could not be, on the basis of how the
Will and Codicil treated Property 2 in contrast to Property 1. The decision to
sell Property 2 ahead of Property 1 best accorded with the Will and Codicil in
this case.

(1) Principles relating to the construction of a will

87 The applicable legal principles on the construction of a will have been set
out in the seminal case of Nellie Goh ([44] supra) and I respectfully adopt
these principles in this case:

58 The principles governing the proper construction of a will are many: see
generally, C H Sherrin et al eds, Williams on Wills (London: Butterworths, 8
ed, 2002) (“Williams”) at chapter 50; Clive V Margrave-Jones ed., Mellows: The
Law of Succession (London: Butterworths, 5th ed, 1993) (“Mellows”) at chapter
10. For the purposes of the present application, the following principles may
be noted.

59 First, the overriding aim of any court construing a will is to seek and
give effect to the testamentary intention as expressed in the words employed
by the testator: see Williams at para 50.1. The court’s function is not to
rewrite the will or to seek to “improve upon or perfect testamentary
dispositions”: Re Bailey [1951] Ch 407 at 421.

60 Second, the general rule for ascertaining the meaning of the words used is
to read the will as a whole without regard to particular canons of
construction. The following passage from Williams at paragraph 50.2 (omitting
citations) provides a concise summary:

General rule for ascertaining the meaning of words. For the purpose of
ascertaining the intention, the will is read in the first place without
reference or regard to the consequences of any rule of law or canon of
construction. Words are given the meaning which is rendered necessary by the
context of the whole will, the particular passage being taken together with
whatever is relevant in the rest of the will to explain it. Where the court
finds on the face of the will a clear, general or paramount intention to which
effect can be given, and a particular or subordinate intention to which, by
reason of some rule of law, the court cannot wholly or partially give effect,
or which is inconsistent with or does not carry out all the intentions which
the testator has or is presumed to have, then the particular intention must be
rejected or modified, and the general intention of the testator carried into
effect …

The will itself is taken as the dictionary from which the meaning of the words
is ascertained, however inaccurate such meaning would be in ordinary or legal
use. The only qualification on the application of this general principle is
that a clear context is required in order to exclude the usual meaning of a
word.

61 Third, because a court is to construe the will as a whole and is not to
adopt a clause-bound view of each part of the will (see Mellows at para 10.13;
Leo Teng Choy at [25 - 26]), a court should pay particular attention to two
things. One is the overall architecture of the will, meaning the structural
placement of certain words and phrases. If certain clauses are found in one
area of the will but not another, this cannot readily be dismissed as being
without significance, unless the context indicates otherwise. The second point
is that the intratextual use of words, phrases and language is often
important. A court should compare and contrast identical words used in
different parts of the will so as to elucidate the most complete meaning or
intention that should be ascribed to the words used.

62 Finally, there is a presumption that effect should be given to every word:
Re Sanford, Sanford v Sanford [1901] 1 Ch 939. A court should not disregard
parts of the will as long as some meaning can be ascribed to it and that
meaning is not contrary to some intention plainly expressed in other parts of
the will: Williams at para 50.15. A testator, in other words, does not will in
vain.

(2) Construction of the Will and Codicil

88 The relevant clauses of the Will are set out in [9] above. The entire cl
16.2 of the Will has been revoked and substituted by cl 16.2 in the Codicil
(see [11] above). I will be referring to these clauses in this section.

89 The Will draws a distinction between two classes of assets: the majority of
the “[PQR] shares” (which are dealt with in Part I of the Will) and the
“Personal Estate” (which is dealt with in Part II of the Will). The latter
comprises the Testator’s “personal assets” which include the Testator’s
interests in various properties, personal and real, as well as the remainder
of the [PQR] shares (see cl 2 and cl 10).

90 Clause 11.1 of the Will provides for the real and personal property other
than Property 1 and Property 2 and the remainder of the shares (these shares
being dealt with under cl 11.2). It is the only clause in the Will and Codicil
that refers expressly to the “payment of [the Testator’s] debts, estate duties
and funeral and testamentary expenses”. This set of property is given to the
trustees on trust for the Sisters in equal shares. Clause 11.2 then addresses
the remainder of the shares, giving them to the three Sisters and the Son in
equal shares. Clause 11.3 provides that the beneficiaries who receive assets
under “this clause”, ie cl 11, shall be liable to pay the liabilities
pertaining to the share received, including estate duty, mortgage loans (if
any), and expenses incidental to that property.

91 Clause 15.1 then describes Property 1 as the “matrimonial home”. Provision
is made for the Son to own Property 1 and the Mother is granted the
entitlement to stay in Property 1 for as long as she lives or desires,
provided she does not remarry and does not permit any members from her side of
the family to reside in the property. This provision also allows for any of
the Testator’s daughters, ie, the Sisters, living overseas to stay in the
property during their visits to Singapore, and for Sister 1 to have exclusive
use of one room of the top level of Property 1.

92 The most crucial provisions in this case are cll 16.1 and 16.2 (as amended
by the Codicil). For ease of reference and given their importance, I reproduce
them here again. Clause 16.1 of the Will reads:

16.1 Subject to the provisions of clause 15.1, I devise and bequeath the first
apartment to my trustees (of this my Will) upon trust for my said son [Son]
until he attains the age of twenty-five (25) years. Upon my death, it is my
wish that my son [Son] will bear all expenses pertaining to the first
apartment from his own funds (even if the trust herein subsists), for which I
have in my lifetime made provision. The provisions of clause 11.1 shall not
apply to, and the provisions of clause 13 and clause 15.1 and 15.2 shall apply
to, the first apartment.

[emphasis in original]

93 Clause 16.2 as provided by the Codicil reads:

16.2 I have purchased another apartment [Property 2] (“the second apartment”)
for investment. Without prejudice to the general provisions of clause 11.1, I
hereby devise and bequeath the second apartment in five (5) equal shares – one
(1) equal share each to my wife [Mother] and my three (3) daughters named in
clause 11.1(a), (b) and (c) as tenants in common absolutely, and one (1) equal
share to my five (5) sisters AS TENANT IN COMMON, namely:

(i) [Aunt 1]

(ii) [Aunt 2]

(iii) [Aunt 3]

(iv) [Aunt 4]

(v) [Aunt 5]

such one (1) equal share to my sisters to be divided between my said sisters
among themselves in equal shares as tenants-in-common absolutely. The second
apartment is presently mortgaged to the Standard Chartered Bank, and it shall
be the responsibility of my SAID WIFE, MY three (3) daughters AND MY SAID
SISTERS JOINTLY to discharge this loan at any time they deem fit to do so.

94 In my view, the key differences between cll 16.1 and 16.2 are (a) in terms
of how the properties are described (“matrimonial home” versus “for
investment”), (b) the express disapplication of cl 11.1 in cl 16.1, and the
express reference to cl 11.1 in cl 16.2, and (c) the provision for residence
of various persons in Property 1 in cl 15 and the absence of any provision for
residence in Property 2.

95 Structurally speaking, it is clear that in Part II of the Will, the broad
disposition of the assets is covered under cl 11.1. It is also this provision
that is expressly subject to the payment out for the expenses and liabilities
of the Estate. Given the absence of any reference to expenses and liabilities
of the Estate elsewhere, I conclude that cl 11.1 is intended to be the primary
pool of assets from which these expenses and liabilities are to be met. Apart
from this general pool that is given to the Sisters, the remainder of the
shares are dealt with under cl 11.2, which is given to the Sisters and the
Son. From here, two specific assets are carved out: (a) Property 1 is dealt
with by cl 15 and cl 16.1, and (b) Property 2 is dealt with by cl 16.2. The
question is how Property 1 and Property 2 relate back to the general pool in
cl 11.1, out of which the expenses and liabilities of the Estate are to be
met.

96 Clause 11.1 makes reference to cl 16 in order to exclude Property 1 and
Property 2 from the assets dealt with under cl 11.1. This is neutral since
both cll 16.1 and 16.2 are referred to. To distinguish the two, I consider the
wording of these two clauses.

97 In my judgment, the exclusion of cl 11.1 in cl 16.1 and the reference to
the same clause in cl 16.2 are crucial. The court should seek to give effect
to every word found in the Will and Codicil. In cl 16.1, it is emphasised that
cl 11.1 shall not apply to Property 1. As noted before, cl 11.1 is the only
provision that refers to the discharge of the expenses and liabilities of the
Estate. This exclusion of cl 11.1 in cl 16.1 should be read to mean that
Property 1 is clearly distinct from the general pool of assets in cl 11.1 out
of which the expenses and liabilities of the Estate are primarily to be met.
By contrast, the provision for Property 2 is “without prejudice to cl 11.1”.
This must mean that cl 16.2 does not purport to depart from or affect cl 11.1.
Although cl 11.1 had excluded Property 2 from its scope by subjecting the
distribution of the assets to cl 16, by making cl 16.2 without prejudice to cl
11.1, the Will and Codicil recognised that Property 2 bore a closer relation
to the general pool of assets in cl 11.1 than Property 1 did.

98 This is not to say that cl 16.2 subjects Property 2 to the discharge of the
Estate Liabilities in the same way that cl 11.1 does for those assets. That,
in my view, would go too far against the language of the Will and Codicil. Nor
do I conclude that para 6 of the Second Schedule of the PAA has been varied by
the above language – that is a matter that I leave open in this case. However,
the conclusion can be drawn that as between Property 1 and Property 2, it was
intended that Property 2 would bear a closer relation to the assets detailed
in cl 11.1.

99 Furthermore, Property 1 is described as the matrimonial home and is the
only property discussed where rights of residence and occupation are set out.
There are no such rights in relation to Property 2. It follows, as a matter of
common sense and logic, that as between the two properties, if one had to be
sold to meet the needs of the Estate, Property 2 should be sold ahead of
Property 1. Otherwise, the rights of occupation given under cl 15 would be
defeated, while Property 2 would remain untouched, but with no rights of
occupation thereby protected. It would accord better with the Will and Codicil
as a whole, and respect the language used in the relevant provisions, to apply
Property 2 towards the expenses and liabilities before Property 1 can be used.

100 The Sisters argued that Property 1 should be sold ahead of Property 2.
First, they argued that Property 2 was subject to on-going proceedings in OS
687/2011 and S 2/2018. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

D1-3WS at para 63(a).

I address those concerns below at [104]–[106]. Second, they argued that it was
unfair to impose the burden of discharging the Estate’s expenses and
liabilities on the Sisters, who were the minority beneficiaries. In
particular, they cited the High Court’s observation in OS 904/2013 that parity
in treatment of Property 1 and Property 2 would disincentivise the parties
from pursuing frivolous legal actions. I deal with the question of prejudice
at [107]–[111] below as well. As for the question of disincentivising
frivolous legal actions, while that was a benefit of the solution arrived at
in OS 904/2013, I did not see how that consideration could enable the court in
this case to depart from the order of application of the properties. In any
case, as I have noted, my decision in this case does not mean that the Mother
and Son would remain unaffected by the Estate Liabilities, since it would be
possible for a subsequent court to conclude that para 6 of the Second Schedule
applied without variation, so that all the specific bequests would bear the
liabilities rateably according to value. That would have an effect on the
distribution of the assets once the administration is complete. Third, the
Sisters highlighted the values of Properties 1 and 2 were not significantly
different. I accepted that, but in any case, this did not feature in my
reasoning.

101 On the issue of the construction of the Will, the Sisters emphasised that
cl 16.2 referred to cl 11.1 only because cl 11.1 was addressed to the Sisters,
and cl 16.2 was also addressed to the Sisters. The effect of the “without
prejudice” phrase in cl 16.2 was only to show that in addition to the
residuary property, the Sisters were to receive Property 2. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript 3 at pp 36–37.

I accepted that this was the gist of the relationship between cl 11.1 and cl
16.2, but in my view, this did not sufficiently account for why cl 11.1 was
the only provision to expressly refer to the expenses and liabilities of the
Estate. The question is, in the absence of the residuary property, which
property was to be sold next? In this regard, I did not find that the Sisters’
construction of the Will offered an answer to this based on the wording and
structure of the Will and Codicil.

102 Therefore, I conclude that as between Property 1 and Property 2, the
Administrator could not be faulted for applying for Property 2 to be sold
first. There was no reason to refuse the authorisation to sell Property 2 at
this juncture.

103 I state, for the avoidance of doubt (and given the history of this
Estate), that nothing in the above suggests that Property 1 is excluded from
the assets of the Estate that can be used to meet the expenses and liabilities
of the Estate. Hence, my conclusion here does not prevent a future application
to be made, if necessary, for the sale of Property 1.

Would sale predetermine existing legal proceedings?

104 I have already dealt with the relationship between OSP 14 and S 2/2018
above in addressing SUM 300/2019, and explained there why I decided that OSP
14 should be heard and determined even before S 2/2018 (see [30]–[34] above).
I did not see any objection to determining OSP 14 even if it might have an
ancillary effect on the issue of the Residuary Properties and their use to
meet the expenses and liabilities of the Estate. I emphasise here again that
the issue of how the Sisters might be made to bear the Estate Liabilities by
virtue of the fact that the Residuary Properties had been transferred to them
remains to be resolved in S 2/2018, and I do not pre-empt the allocation of
the liabilities in this case. I have not decided that Property 2 should be
applied to the Estate Liabilities ahead of Property 1, but only that Property
2 should be sold first so that the Estate can be put into funds for the
purpose of the administration. In that sense, nothing in this case would pre-
determine S 2/2018 either, since the question of allocation of the Estate
Liabilities remains open.

105 The other issue concerned OS 687/2011. This was the Mother’s application
(together with one of the Executors) that dealt specifically with Property 2,
seeking a court order for Property 2 to be sold and for the net proceeds to be
distributed according to the Codicil. It has, however, since been amended. It
is useful here to set out the history of OS 687/2011 and its related matters
here:

(a) OS 687/2011 was filed on 15 August 2011. At this point, this was an
application for Property 2 to be sold and the proceeds distributed according
to the Codicil. The Sisters were joined as interveners in 2011.

(b) OS 687/2011 was adjourned since 2012 sine die given the other matters that
were pending.

(c) S 883/2012 was filed by the Sisters on 15 October 2012 seeking a
declaration that the Codicil was invalid. S 883/2012 was discontinued by the
Sisters on 20 June 2017.

(d) On 2 August 2017, the Mother filed HC/SUM 3550/2017 to amend OS 687/2011.
Leave to amend was granted on 18 August 2017. The amendments removed one of
the Executors as co-plaintiff and replaced the other three Executors with the
Administrator as defendant. The substantive prayer was amended to seek a
transfer of Property 2 to the Sisters, Mother and Aunts in the shares dictated
by the Codicil, rather than a sale of Property 2.

106 Seen in the light of the amended prayer, the objection by the Sisters that
the sale of Property 2 would predetermine OS 687/2011 lost much of its weight.
The Sisters’ argument was predicated on the understanding that the Mother was
seeking a sale of Property 2 in OS 687/2011. That is no longer the case. There
is no question of sale of Property 2 in OS 687/2011, and all that is envisaged
in that application is simply for the property to be dealt with as provided
under the Codicil. However, it is clear that any such transfer is subject to
the completion of the administration of the Estate. Hence, contrary to the
Sisters’ arguments, the sale of Property 2 would not simply predetermine OS
687/2011 in the Mother’s favour.

Would the Sisters be prejudiced if Property 2 were sold?

107 I turn, then, to the question of whether the Sisters would suffer any
prejudice if Property 2 were sold. First, as a matter of principle, I
considered that the Sisters could not be said to suffer any prejudice simply
because of the sale of Property 2 to put the Estate into funds to meet its
liabilities. This was because the Sisters did not have any right to Property 2
until the administration of the Estate was complete, and at any time before
that, the property could be sold in order to meet the needs of the Estate:
Seah Teong Kang ([53] supra) at [21]. The Sisters’ entitlement was, in that
sense, always subject to the possibility that Property 2 may have to be sold
to discharge the expenses and liabilities of the Estate.

108 Second, in any case, I did not find that there was prejudice suffered
specifically by the Sisters. Originally, under cl 16.2 of the Will, Property 2
was to have been divided between the Sisters in equal shares, ie, with each
Sister receiving one of three shares. However, cl 16.2 has been substituted by
the Codicil, the validity of which is no longer disputed by the Sisters. In
the following analysis, I examine the position as it stands under the Codicil.
The entitlement to Property 2 is now divided into five equal shares, with one
each given to the three Sisters and the Wife. The fifth share is given to the
five Aunts in equal shares among themselves.

109 In the result, any prejudice suffered by the beneficiaries of Property 2
will not be borne by the Sisters alone. While the Sisters would collectively
have a 60% share of Property 2, individually, their share is only 20%, the
same as that of the Mother. Further, given the way that Property 2 is divided
among the beneficiaries, it has to be sold eventually for these beneficiaries
to receive their shares of the property. Using the value of S$5m as of the
date of the Testator’s death, each of the Sisters and the Mother will receive
S$1m while each of the Aunts will receive S$200,000, under the Codicil.
Although the Mother pointed out in her affidavit that the Aunts have
voluntarily renounced their interests in Property 2 in favour of the Sisters,
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

4th Defendant’s Affidavit dated 5 February 2020 at para 26.

given the absence of argument on this point, I do not address it, and, in any
case, this does not significantly change my analysis.

110 Third, the fact that Property 2 is being sold ahead of Property 1 does not
necessarily mean that the Mother and Son will not bear any share of the Estate
Liabilities. I have left open the question of whether both Property 1 and
Property 2 should be applied rateably according to their value. That can be
addressed at a later stage in the proceedings, once S 2/2018 is resolved and
the Estate Liabilities finalised. At that point, the court would be in a
better position to identify how the Second Schedule has been varied and how
the Estate Liabilities ought to be borne by the assets in the Estate. There is
therefore no prejudice to the Sisters upon the sale.

111 Taking the situation of the Estate as a whole, in these circumstances, I
did not think that it was accurate to say that the Sisters would be prejudiced
by the sale of Property 2. In any case, any such prejudice did not outweigh
the need to complete the administration of the Estate.

Conclusion on OSP 14

112 For all the above reasons, I granted the application by the Administrator
to sell Property 2 to raise funds for the administration of the Estate. For
avoidance of doubt, nothing I have said in this judgment is intended to
preclude the sale of Property 1 in the future, and any references to the
quantum of the expenses incurred by the Administrator and its legal
representatives are not endorsements of that quantum, since that is not a
matter before the court in the present application. I also clarify again that
nothing in the judgment expresses the court’s conclusion on how the Second
Schedule would apply to the Estate Liabilities.

Costs

113 Although OSP 14 had initially been taken out under the Trustees Act and O
15 and O 80 of the ROC, the parties have since proceeded on the basis that the
appropriate legal regime was the PAA. As the matter was dealt with in the High
Court (Family Division), the appropriate rules were under Part 18, Division 53
of the FJR. This was an administrative action, as it was an application for
the direction of the court for the administration of an estate: r 785 of the
FJR.

114 I recognised that it was not clear at the outset if Property 1 or Property
2 was to be sold first to cover the liabilities, as the proceeds of sale of
either would be sufficient to cover the expenses and liabilities of the
Estate, which led the Mother and Son to oppose the application until it was
clear from the submissions dated 26 February 2020 and confirmed at the Hearing
that Property 2 was to be sold first. However, since OSP 14 was an
administration action, I did not think that it was necessary for party and
party costs to be ordered between the Administrator and the beneficiaries. The
Administrator would have its costs borne by the Estate for seeking directions
necessary for the administration of the Estate.

115 I note for completeness that there were without prejudice negotiations
ongoing at various points. However, the negotiations had broken down and there
was no reason to hold back the resolution of OSP 14. Even if the negotiations
were still taking place, a decision in OSP 14 was still required by the
administrator of the Estate, whether it is the Administrator or some other
party (pending the result of S 2/2018), to be able to raise funds to
administer the Estate.

Conclusion

116 I therefore granted an order in terms of prayer 1(b) of OSP 14. I made no
order as to costs, which meant that the Administrator’s costs in OSP 14 would
be borne by the Estate.

117 Before ending, the following passage from OS 904 GD bears repeating:

38 In conclusion, I would take the opportunity, once more, to urge the parties
involved to seek an amicable resolution to their disputes. As they continue
their feuding, they will only deplete the assets of the Estate and there will
come a point in time when all the assets have to be liquidated to pay the
professionals so employed. This would be of no benefit to any of the
beneficiaries.

118 Even if the parties are minded to continue with their disputes, the sale
of Property 2 would allow the Administrator to work towards completing the
administration of the Estate. Any further disputes between the parties that
still involve the Administrator can be properly funded until the completion of
the administration, or the funds run out again and a new solution needs to be
considered. However, the parties should again consider whether a more amicable
resolution of these matters would be preferable, or if they wish to have the
Administrator, or any other administrator, continue with the Sisyphean task of
administering an estate so beleaguered with disputes.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Sarjit Singh Gill SC, Lim Chong Guang Charles and Shakti Krishnaveni Sadashiv
(Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the plaintiff;

Kee Lay Lian, Marissa Zhao Yunan (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first to
third defendants;

Chan Tai-Hui Jason SC and Oh Jialing Evangeline (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
fourth defendant;

Edmund Kronenburg, Anthony Yvette Loretta and Tan Po Nin Jeslyn (Braddell
Brothers LLP) for the fifth defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 08 Mar 2021 (11:37 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

