Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 106

Civil Appeal No 45 of 2019

Between

| Ma Hongjin  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| SCP Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of HC/Suit No 765 of 2016

Between

| Ma Hongjin  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| SCP Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Biomax Technologies Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contract] — [Consideration] — [Necessity]

[Contract] — [Consideration] — [Failure]

[Contract] — [Variation] — [Consideration]

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings]

[Civil Procedure] — [No case to answer]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ma Hongjin

  
v

  

SCP Holdings Pte Ltd

[2020] SGCA 106

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 45 of 2019  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA,  
Tay Yong Kwang JA and Steven Chong JA  
9 July 2020

28 October 2020

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in Ma Hongjin v SCP Holdings Pte Ltd and another [2019] SGHC 277 (“the
GD”). The entire appeal centred on various aspects and/or applications of the
doctrine of consideration. We dismissed the appeal and now give the detailed
grounds for our decision.

2 Amongst all the doctrines of the common law of contract in the Commonwealth,
perhaps the most academic ink has been spilt on the doctrine of consideration.
Yet, modern cases at least that involve the invocation of the doctrine are few
and far between. This is one of the rare decisions in the Singapore context;
the last major decision, the decision of this court in Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze
Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“Gay Choon Ing”), was
handed down over a decade ago. Viewed from a practical perspective, this is
not surprising. As we shall see, the existing case law renders it relatively
easy to demonstrate the presence of valid or sufficient consideration in
practice. On an academic level, though, it is understandable why there is a
continued fascination with the doctrine. Its historical roots continue to
remain obscure (for a very perceptive and recent essay from historical as well
as comparative points of view, see Susan Kiefel, “The Doctrine of
Consideration in Contract: Some Historical and Comparative Perspectives” in
Contract in Commercial Law (Simone Degeling, James Edelman and James Goudkamp
gen eds) (Lawbook Co, 2016) (“Contract in Commercial Law”) at Ch 4), and its
very existence continues to be a topic of fascination amongst legal academics
– particularly whether it ought to be superseded by other contractual
doctrines. Significantly, though, the burgeoning literature on the doctrine
has brought us no nearer to a solution on an academic level. For this reason
alone, it is inadvisable for courts to enter the various debates (interesting
though they may be on the academic plane), particularly when the practical
yield is so paltry. Indeed, this is the approach that this court adopted in
Gay Choon Ing.

3 In Gay Choon Ing, this court decided that the doctrine of consideration
continued to be part of the Singapore contractual landscape. That case
related, on its facts, to the operation of the doctrine in so far as the
formation of contracts was concerned. The present appeal raises, inter alia, a
different issue as to whether the doctrine of consideration ought nevertheless
to continue to operate in so far as the variation or modification of contracts
is concerned (indeed, this was an additional argument which was not canvassed
in the court below but which the appellant raised in the present appeal (and
which itself raised a procedural question which will be dealt with below)).

4 Although the observations in Gay Choon Ing were general in nature and the
case itself endorsed the leading decision of the English Court of Appeal in
Williams v Roffey Bros & Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd [1991] 1 QB 1 (“Williams”)
(which confirmed the need for consideration in respect of the variation of an
existing contract in a situation where it was sought by the promisee to
enforce a promise to pay more, albeit in a more “dilute” form), given the fact
that Gay Choon Ing related, strictly speaking, to the operation of the
doctrine of consideration in relation to the formation (as opposed to a
variation or modification) of the contract concerned, it could be argued that
the issue as to whether consideration is required for the variation or
modification of an existing contract has not been (at least wholly) foreclosed
in the Singapore context. As we shall see, there is some case law and (not
surprisingly) academic writing that suggests that the doctrine ought to be
dispensed with in the latter situation, viz, the variation or modification of
contracts. However, this would, inter alia, entail departing from not only
Williams but also the longstanding House of Lords decision in Foakes v Beer
(1884) 9 App Cas 605 (“Foakes”) (which held that consideration was required in
a situation where it was sought by the promisee to enforce a promise to take
less). We will touch briefly on this particular legal issue below.

5 In addition to the issue of the doctrine of consideration in the context of
the variation or modification of contracts, there was also a procedural issue
in the court below that centred on the relevant test to apply upon a
submission of no case to answer. That procedure and substance have an
integrated and symbiotic relationship with each other cannot be denied (see
the decision of the Singapore High Court in United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat
Foundations Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 425, especially at [8]). Although this
particular issue was not raised in the present appeal, we will nevertheless
make some observations on it as it has general significance beyond this case.

6 So much by way of preliminary observations. Let us now turn to the
background and the decision of the court below.

Background

7 The appellant in this appeal, Mdm Ma Hongjin, is an investor. The
respondent, SCP Holdings Pte Ltd, is an investment holding company, and the
ultimate holding company of a group of companies known as the Biomax Group.
The respondent owns and controls Biomax Holdings Pte Ltd (“Biomax Holdings”),
which in turn owns and controls Biomax Technologies Pte Ltd (“Biomax
Technologies”). Biomax Technologies was the second defendant in the trial
below, but was not named as a party to the appeal.

8 The dispute between the parties arose out of a convertible loan of S$5m
extended by the appellant to the respondent pursuant to a Convertible Loan
Agreement (“the CLA”) dated 6 January 2015. While the appellant was the
investor on record, the CLA was negotiated by Mr Han Jianpeng (“Mr Han”), the
appellant’s husband, and Mr Sim Eng Tong (“Mr Sim”), the controlling
shareholder of the respondent.

9 Under cl 3 of the CLA, the S$5m loan was extended for a period of two years.
In return, the respondent would have to pay interest at the rate of 10% per
annum. The interest was to be paid in two instalments: the first interest
payment of S$500,000 was due on 5 January 2016 and the second interest payment
of the same amount was due on 5 January 2017 together with repayment of the
principal, making a total of S$5.5m payable on that date. Additionally, the
appellant was granted an option to require the respondent to procure a
transfer of 15% of the shares in Biomax Holdings to her in lieu of paying the
sum of S$5.5m due on 5 January 2017.

10 Although the CLA provided that the whole of the loan amount (ie, S$5m) was
to be disbursed on the date of the CLA (see cl 2.2), the sum of S$5m was in
fact disbursed to the respondent in three tranches on the following dates:

(a) S$2.5m on 6 January 2015;

(b) S$1m on 14 January 2015; and

(c) S$1.5m on 30 March 2015.

11 Within two months of entering into the CLA, the appellant and Mr Han became
unhappy with the respondent’s financial results. This caused Mr Han to re-
negotiate some of the terms of the CLA with Mr Sim sometime in March 2015.
This resulted in the appellant and the respondent entering into the
“Supplemental Agreement relating to a S$5,000,000 Convertible Loan Agreement
Dated 6 January 2015” (“the SA”) on 16 April 2015. The two recitals to the SA
provided that it was “supplemental to” the CLA, and that the appellant had
agreed to amend the CLA to the extent set out in the SA at the respondent’s
request.

12 The SA essentially imposed additional obligations on the respondent by
stipulating several amendments to the CLA. First, the proportion of Biomax
Holdings shares in respect of which the appellant could exercise a call option
on 5 January 2017 increased from 15% to 20%. Second, the SA imposed an
additional “lump sum facility fee” of S$250,000 to be paid on the same day as
the first interest payment (ie, 5 January 2016). These amendments were to take
effect on 16 April 2015. Notably, the appellant did not assume any additional
obligations to the respondent under the terms of the SA.

13 There were a number of other transactions which the appellant was involved
in which were of relevance to the appeal. Shortly after entering into the SA
on 16 April 2015, the appellant entered into a Share Investment Agreement with
Biomax Technologies (“the SIA”) under which she agreed to extend a loan of not
more than S$5m to Biomax Technologies for the purpose of setting up a
recycling plant, though the loan facility under the SIA was eventually not
disbursed. The appellant also separately extended a number of loans totalling
S$6m to Biomax Technologies between June and October 2015 (“the June to
October 2015 loan agreements”). Of these, only S$1m was eventually repaid by
Biomax Technologies to the appellant.

14 In January 2016, the respondent made payment of S$500,000 but neglected to
pay the S$250,000 facility fee which was provided for under the SA. The
appellant thus commenced proceedings in Suit No 765 of 2016 (from which the
present appeal arose) to obtain payment of the facility fee from the
respondent and repayment of the outstanding loans and interest from Biomax
Technologies.

15 Two further points bear mentioning before we turn to the Judge’s decision.
First, there was no appeal against the Judge’s decision in respect of the
appellant’s claims against Biomax Technologies. Second, the appellant had
commenced a separate suit against the respondent following its failure to
repay the sum of S$5.5m due on 5 January 2017. These points were irrelevant to
the present appeal and thus do not feature any further in these grounds.

The decision below

16 Although the respondent had initially pleaded a number of defences against
the appellant’s claim for the unpaid facility fee, it chose to abandon all
defences prior to the trial save one – that the SA was unsupported by
consideration and was therefore unenforceable. The respondent also advanced
the technical argument that the appellant had failed to state in her pleadings
that the SA was supported by consideration. As against this, the appellant
made three arguments: (a) first, the SA and CLA were part of “one and the same
contract”, and cl 9.3 of the CLA dispensed with the need for consideration for
contractual variation; (b) second, the CLA and the SA should be treated as
part of the same transaction with the disbursement of the loans under the CLA
(both before and around the time that the SA was entered into) being
consideration for the respondent’s agreement to pay the facility fee; and (c)
third, that consideration was furnished by way of a factual or practical
benefit in the form of goodwill from the appellant for future loans to the
respondent or any of its related entities. Following the close of the
appellant’s case in the proceedings below, the respondent made a submission of
no case to answer coupled with the usual election not to call evidence if the
submission failed.

17 The Judge found that the SA was unenforceable as it was not supported by
consideration. The Judge first considered the appropriate test to apply in
civil cases following a defendant’s submission of no case to answer. The Judge
rejected the appellant’s submission that she only had to prove a prima facie
case in order to succeed on her claim, finding instead that she had to prove
her case on a balance of probabilities. The Judge reasoned that, following the
decision of this court in Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals
and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Ho Yew Kong”), a defendant who elects to
make a submission of no case to answer must make an accompanying election not
to call evidence in the event that submission fails. As a result, there was no
justification for a different standard of proof to apply in a situation where
a defendant makes a submission of no case to answer as compared to one where
that same defendant does not make such a submission but simply elects to call
no evidence. In arriving at this decision, the Judge considered that the
decision of the Singapore High Court in Central Bank of India v Bansal Hemant
Govinprasad and others and other actions [2002] 1 SLR(R) 22 (“Central Bank of
India”) did not stand for the proposition that a submission of no case to
answer would fail if the plaintiff was able to prove a prima facie case. The
Judge also took the view that this court’s decisions in Tan Juay Pah v Kimly
Construction Pte Ltd and others [2012] 2 SLR 549 (“Tan Juay Pah”) and Lena
Leowardi v Yeap Cheen Soo [2015] 1 SLR 581 (“Lena Leowardi”) did not stand for
the proposition that a plaintiff need only prove a prima facie case upon a
submission of no case to answer, and that any statements to that effect were
obiter dicta.

18 Turning to the consideration issue, the Judge found that he was bound by
the decision of this court in Gay Choon Ing ([2] supra) and that consideration
was necessary for contractual variation. While the Judge found that the
appellant had failed to adequately plead in her reply that the SA was
supported by consideration in response to the respondent’s defence that the SA
was “void for lack of consideration”, he considered that this did not cause
any real prejudice to the respondent, preferring instead to decide the point
based on whether consideration had been furnished for the SA. In this respect,
the Judge rejected the arguments raised by the appellant and found that the SA
was a free-standing agreement for which no consideration had been provided.
First, cl 9.3 of the CLA did not allow for the contract to be varied without
consideration. The decision of the Singapore High Court in Benlen Pte Ltd v
Authentic Builder Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 61 (“Benlen”) cited by the appellant was
distinguished on the basis that the clause considered therein was materially
different. Second, the CLA and SA could not be construed as being part of a
single transaction. Even on the appellant’s case, she and Mr Han did not
contemplate the SA when she first entered into the CLA with the respondent.
Rather, the SA was an attempt to reopen a concluded bargain and improve the
appellant’s position. This distinguished the facts of the case from the
decision of this court in Rainforest Trading Ltd and another v State Bank of
India Singapore [2012] 2 SLR 713 (“Rainforest Trading”). Third, the SA was not
supported by consideration in the form of a factual or practical benefit to
the respondent. There was no evidence that the parties had engaged in
negotiations and reached an in-principle agreement on the terms of the SA
prior to the disbursement of the third tranche of the loan on 30 March 2015.
In any event, there was no evidence that the respondent gained some benefit
from the appellant’s disbursement of the third tranche of the loan under the
CLA which was extrinsic to the disbursement and would bring the case within
the principle in Williams ([4] supra). There was also no consideration in the
form of goodwill to Mr Sim and his companies for future loans as there was no
evidence that any goodwill shown by the appellant was causally connected to
the respondent’s entering into the SA.

The parties’ arguments on appeal

19 The appellant did not dispute the Judge’s findings on the appropriate legal
test to be applied upon a defendant’s submission of no case to answer. The
appellant relied on many of the same arguments that were raised before the
Judge. First, the appellant argued that cl 9.3 of the CLA dispensed with the
need for fresh consideration for a variation of the CLA. Second, the appellant
submitted that consideration had been furnished for the SA by way of a factual
and/or practical benefit. The appellant also sought leave to argue that Gay
Choon Ing should be overruled at least in part – to the extent that
consideration would not be required in the case of contractual variation.

20 The respondent’s main contention was that the Judge ought to have rejected
the appellant’s case at the outset due to her failure to plead that the SA was
supported by consideration. The respondent also argued that the Judge was
correct in rejecting the appellant’s arguments that the SA was supported by
consideration. Regarding the appellant’s application for leave to argue that
Gay Choon Ing should be overruled in so far as contractual variation was
concerned, the respondent took the position that the appellant should be
precluded from doing so, and that in any event, the doctrine of consideration
should be retained for contractual variations.

Issues

21 The following issues are addressed in these grounds:

(a) first, what is the test to be applied upon a submission of no case to
answer by a defendant (“Issue 1”);

(b) second, whether the appellant had adequately pleaded that the SA was
supported by consideration (“Issue 2”);

(c) third, whether cl 9.3 of the CLA dispensed with the need for fresh
consideration for a variation of the CLA (“Issue 3”);

(d) fourth, whether the appellant had furnished consideration for the SA by
way of a factual and/or practical benefit (“Issue 4”); and

(e) fifth, whether the requirement for consideration should be dispensed with
for contractual variations (“Issue 5”).

Our decision

Issue 1: the applicable test upon a submission of no case to answer

22 As alluded to above, this particular issue (relating to the applicable test
to be applied upon a submission of no case to answer by a defendant) did not
really arise in the present appeal. However, as it raises an important point
of general importance, and sets the context for the rest of the present
discussion, we will make some general observations for guidance in future
cases.

23 In the court below, after the appellant had closed her case (as the
plaintiff), counsel for the respondent (the defendant) made a submission of no
case to answer, coupled with the usual election not to call evidence if the
submission failed (such election being obligatory pursuant to the rule laid
down by this court in Ho Yew Kong ([17] supra) at [70]). As we shall see, this
obligatory election is a matter (or factor, rather) of the first importance.

24 It is important, in the first instance, however, to note that, under
general law, the plaintiff bears the legal burden of proving its case against
the defendant in a civil case on a balance of probabilities.

25 However, in the situation where the defendant has made a submission of no
case to answer, local case law suggests that the plaintiff need only satisfy
the court that there is a prima facie case on each of the essential elements
of the claim in order to defeat the defendant’s submission of no case to
answer and secure judgment in its favour (see, for example, Central Bank of
India ([17] supra) at [21] as well as the decisions of this court in Tan Juay
Pah ([17] supra) at [37] and Lena Leowardi ([17] supra) at [24]).

26 It might, at first blush, therefore, appear that in a situation where the
defendant has made a submission of no case to answer, the standard of proof is
different and this was indeed the view that the Judge took in the court below.
He was therefore of the view that he had to choose one standard over the other
(and chose the former, viz, proof on a balance of probabilities). However, on
closer analysis, this is not the case and the Judge was, with respect,
mistaken in thinking he had to make a choice when, in fact, none was required.
Let us elaborate.

27 The starting point in our analysis is the concept of the legal burden. A
plaintiff in a civil claim bears the legal burden of proving the existence of
any relevant fact necessary to make out its claim on a balance of
probabilities (assuming, of course, that the defendant cannot prove any
applicable defences). This flows from the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“the EA”), and in particular s 103, which requires that a person desiring a
court to give judgment as to any legal right or liability dependent on the
existence of facts prove that those facts exist. Though the EA does not, on
its face, distinguish between the civil and criminal burdens of proof, it has
long been established that the legislation retains the traditional common law
distinction between the two (see the decision of the Judicial Committee of the
Privy Council (on appeal from the Federal Court of Malaysia) in Public
Prosecutor v P Yuvaraj [1970] AC 913 at 920H–921B). Although there has been,
on occasion, controversy over the possible existence of a third standard of
proof, this court’s decision in Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co)
v Lek Benedict and others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 263 at [14] clarified that there are
only two such standards of proof – proof on the balance of probabilities for
civil cases and proof beyond a reasonable doubt for criminal cases.

28 A closely related (though distinct) concept is that of the evidential
burden (or tactical burden). This is borne by the person on whom the
responsibility lies to “contradict, weaken or explain away the evidence that
has been led” (see the decision of this court in Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith &
Associates Far East, Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 (“Britestone”) at [59]). While
the legal burden is determined by considering the pleadings of the parties and
determining the material facts relied on by the parties to establish the legal
elements of a claim or defence, the evidential burden can shift between the
parties based on the state of the evidence (see the decision of this court in
Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank
International), Singapore Branch v Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR
63 at [30]–[31]).

29 The following passage from Britestone illustrates the operation of these
concepts (at [60]):

… [A]t the start of the plaintiff’s case, the legal burden of proving the
existence of any relevant fact that the plaintiff must prove and the
evidential burden of adducing some (not inherently incredible) evidence of the
existence of such fact coincide. Upon adduction of that evidence, the
evidential burden shifts to the defendant, as the case may be, to adduce some
evidence in rebuttal. If no evidence in rebuttal is adduced, the court may
conclude from the evidence of the plaintiff that the legal burden is also
discharged and making a finding on the fact against the defendant. If, on the
other hand, evidence in rebuttal is adduced, the evidential burden shifts back
to the plaintiff. If, ultimately, the evidential burden comes to rest on the
defendant, the legal burden of proof of that relevant fact would have been
discharged by the plaintiff …

30 Crucially, a party’s establishment of a prima facie case on a particular
fact on which it bears the legal burden denotes the point at which the
evidential burden will shift to the defendant. In the decision of this court
in Anti-Corrosion Pte Ltd v Berger Paints Singapore Pte Ltd and another appeal
[2012] 1 SLR 427, the issue was whether defects in paint supplied by a paint
manufacturer caused discolouration on a building. The appellant’s evidence in
that case was found to have demonstrated prima facie that the defective paint
was likely the cause of the discolouration, which caused the evidential burden
to shift to the respondent. As the respondent adduced no evidence on this
point, it was found that the appellant had proven that the discolouration was
more likely than not caused by defects in the paint (at [37]–[38]).

31 This, in our view, explains why the applicable test following a submission
of no case to answer has been expressed as requiring the plaintiff to prove a
prima facie case. Where a submission of no case to answer is coupled with an
election not to call evidence (which is obligatory following Ho Yew Kong ([17]
supra)), the establishment of a prima facie case on each of the relevant facts
in issue essentially results in a finding that the plaintiff has proved those
facts on a balance of probabilities. This is because, following the shifting
of the evidential burden to the defendant, there is simply no evidence
forthcoming from the defendant to disprove the plaintiff’s position or weaken
it such that the court can return a finding that the fact in issue is either
“disproved” or “not proved” within the meaning of s 3 of the EA (see the
decision of this court in Loo Chay Sit v Loo Chay Loo, deceased [2010] 1 SLR
286 at [20]). Seen in this light, the distinction between a prima facie case
on the one hand and proof on a balance of probabilities on the other does not
mean, as the parties argued below, that the court applies a laxer standard of
proof in the former.

32 In summary, the plaintiff does indeed bear the legal burden of proving its
case against the defendant in a civil case on a balance of probabilities.
Where the defendant has made a submission of no case to answer, this
particular standard of proof is met or discharged by the plaintiff satisfying
the court that there is a prima facie case on each of the essential elements
of its claim. This is because in a situation where the defendant has made a
submission of no case to answer, such a submission must (as we have already
noted at [23] above) be coupled with an election not to call evidence
(pursuant to the principle laid down in Ho Yew Kong), with the result being
that if the plaintiff has established a prima facie case on the facts in issue
(that are essential to its claim), this would essentially result in the court
finding that the plaintiff has discharged its burden of proving the
aforementioned facts on a balance of probabilities. This is due to the fact
that, upon the plaintiff establishing a prima facie case with respect to the
relevant facts in issue, the evidential burden will shift to the defendant.
However, because the defendant has had (in the situation of a submission of no
case to answer) to elect to call no evidence, it would be unable to adduce
(any) evidence to either disprove the plaintiff’s position or weaken it such
that the facts that the plaintiff relies upon are “not proved”. Put another
way, where a defendant elects not to call any evidence upon making a
submission of no case to answer, there is simply no contrary evidence from the
defendant for the court to consider. The court is only left with the evidence
of the plaintiff and if, on a prima facie basis, the evidence satisfies all
the ingredients or essential elements of the cause of action, judgment will be
entered against the defendant. Because there is simply no balancing exercise
of evidence to speak of, it might appear somewhat anomalous to describe the
plaintiff as having proven its case on a balance of probabilities. However,
such an anomaly is more apparent than real – in such a situation (concerning a
submission of no case to answer), provided that it can establish a prima facie
case on the facts in issue (that are essential to its claim), the plaintiff
has (simultaneously) proved its overall case on a balance of probabilities.

33 We therefore affirm that, in the situation where the defendant has
submitted that it has no case to answer and has (as it legally must) also
elected to call no evidence if it fails in this submission, the plaintiff
would succeed if it can establish that it has a prima facie case on each of
the essential elements of its claim. For the avoidance of doubt (and also for
the reasons stated above), the plaintiff would (simultaneously) have
necessarily proved its (overall) case against the defendant on a balance of
probabilities.

Issue 2: whether the appellant had adequately pleaded that the SA was
supported by consideration

34 Although this particular issue relates to the doctrine of consideration, it
concerns, in fact, a preliminary procedural point in relation to pleadings
(or, in the respondent’s view, an absence thereof). The position taken by the
respondent was that the appellant’s case should have failed ab initio owing to
her failure to plead that the SA was supported by consideration. As against
this, the appellant contended that the respondent had not suffered any
prejudice from any failure on her part to plead that the SA was supported by
consideration. According to the appellant, her reply and defence to
counterclaim contained a blanket denial of para 6 of the defence and
counterclaim, which contained the respondent’s averments as to the lack of
consideration for the SA, and the respondent had notice of the appellant’s
arguments from the time of her opening statement. Yet, the respondent still
failed to challenge the appellant’s reliance on unpleaded particulars at
trial.

35 We agreed with the decision of the Judge that the appellant should be
permitted to raise her arguments on consideration notwithstanding the fact
that they might have been unpleaded. The purpose of pleadings is to ensure
that each party was aware of the respective arguments against it and that
neither was therefore taken by surprise (see the decision of this court in
Liberty Sky Investments Ltd v Aesthetic Medical Partners Pte Ltd and other
appeals and another matter [2020] 1 SLR 606 at [15]–[16]). We noted that there
appeared to be some reference in the appellant’s pleadings to the fact that
the SA had dispensed with the need for consideration. In the appellant’s reply
and defence to counterclaim dated 29 August 2016, it was stated that “the [SA]
was executed as a valid and binding amendment to the CLA pursuant to Clause
9.3 of the CLA”, which would cohere with the appellant’s argument that cl 9.3
of the CLA dispensed with the need for consideration for contractual
variation. While the remaining arguments relied on by the appellant were not
particularised in her pleadings (apart from the blanket denial mentioned above
at [34]), we found that the respondent had not been caught by surprise by
these arguments and crucially, we did not think that they caused any prejudice
to the respondent. The respondent was unable to particularise any prejudice
which it had suffered in its case, other than to claim there ought to be
stricter adherence to the requirements of pleadings where a defendant has made
a submission of no case to answer, and that it had been caught off-guard by
the appellant’s reliance on an unpleaded point. Given the circumstances, we
were of the view that this was a scenario where the appellant should be
permitted to raise her arguments on consideration notwithstanding the fact
that they might have been unpleaded as the respondent could be adequately
compensated with costs (see the decisions of this court in OMG Holdings Pte
Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd [2012] 4 SLR 231 at [18] and Sun Jin Engineering Pte Ltd
v Hwang Jae Woo [2011] 2 SLR 196 at [20]).

Issue 3: whether cl 9.3 of the CLA dispensed with the need for fresh
consideration for a variation of the CLA

36 There is no reason, in principle, why contracting parties cannot, by
agreement, dispense with the doctrine of consideration with regard to the
variation of that particular contract. Any contractual term to that effect
would not only be part of the bargain between the parties but would also be
one that is part of a contract, which, in its formation, was in fact supported
by valid consideration in the eyes of the law to begin with. If, indeed, that
particular contract had been formed without such valid consideration, then
that contract (and, of course, all the terms contained therein) would not have
been able to pass legal muster in the first place.

37 The former point (viz, that the court would be giving effect to the bargain
between the parties) may appear to be consistent with the argument (considered
below) that one should dispense with the requirement of consideration where a
contract is varied because the parties are already in a cooperative venture
where some give and take is required; as we shall see below, however, this
assumption of a cooperative venture is not necessarily always the case, but
where the parties have in fact agreed to dispense with the doctrine of
consideration in relation to the variation of their contract, it is implicit
in such an agreement that they had crystallised that spirit of cooperation and
(more importantly) given it concrete legal form (at least in so far as the
issue of variation is concerned). This is, of course, quite different from a
more general argument (or, rather, assumption) that the parties are
necessarily (and therefore always) in a situation of cooperation as well as
give and take simply by entering into a contract with each other; as we shall
elaborate upon below, this need not necessarily be the case, especially where
parties subsequently vary their contract as such variation can occur for a
variety of reasons (not all of which are premised on a cooperative venture or
an atmosphere of give and take).

38 Returning to the present case, the key question in the context of the
present appeal in general and in relation to cl 9.3 in particular would
therefore be whether the appellant and the respondent had intended that that
clause dispense with the need or requirement for consideration if the CLA was
varied – as was indeed in fact the case. At this juncture, the issue becomes
one of contractual construction (here, of cl 9.3 of the CLA) – and it is to
this issue that our attention now turns.

39 Clause 9.3 of the CLA reads as follows:

9.3 No amendment or variation of this Agreement shall be effective unless so
amended or varied in writing and signed by each of the Parties.

40 In our judgment, on an objective reading of the plain language of cl 9.3,
it cannot be the case that the parties had dispensed with the need or
requirement for consideration if the CLA was varied. As the Judge rightly
stated, cl 9.3 merely prescribes signed writing as a minimum threshold for
legally valid variation to occur. In other words, it provides for a necessary,
but not necessarily sufficient, condition for validity of a subsequent
variation of the contract.

41 The appellant attempted to liken her case to that of Benlen ([18] supra),
where Chan Seng Onn J had held (albeit obiter) that the meaning of a
particular clause of the relevant contract was that the parties had in fact
agreed to dispense with the doctrine of consideration in relation to the
variation of their contract. The clause in question read as follows:

14.2 This Sub-Contract shall be varied or modified only with prior written
consent from both parties.

42 In our view, the difference between the clause in Benlen and cl 9.3 of the
CLA is at once clear. Clause 9.3 of the CLA cannot be construed to mean that
the parties agreed that no fresh consideration would be required for
subsequent variation, because of the reasons set out at [40] above. The clause
in Benlen, however, can, as it provided that the contract “shall [ie, must] be
varied or modified only with [ie, as long as there is] prior written consent
from both parties”. We therefore rejected the appellant’s argument in this
respect.

43 The appellant further argued that even if cl 9.3 of the CLA did not
exhaustively provide for the requirements of a valid variation of contract,
the parties nonetheless intended for the CLA to be varied or amended without
the need for consideration. According to the appellant, any interpretation of
cl 9.3 otherwise would result in “potentially absurd consequences”, as it
would amount to an interpretation that parties had only intended that certain
variations to the CLA would be binding even though the “only stated
requirements” of cl 9.3 were complied with by the parties.

44 Despite claiming to be otherwise, this argument in reality hinged on the
requirements in cl 9.3 being exhaustive – if complying with the “only stated
requirements” of cl 9.3 did not result in a valid variation agreement being
concluded, this would only be “absurd” if cl 9.3 provided for necessary and
sufficient requirements in the first place. This was not the case, and we
therefore dismissed this argument as well.

Issue 4: whether the appellant had furnished consideration for the SA

45 This particular issue relates to the question whether the appellant had, in
any event, furnished fresh (and valid) consideration for the respondent’s
promise which it now seeks to enforce. The appellant’s primary argument in
this regard centred on the alleged “goodwill” which was said to constitute
sufficient consideration within the meaning and scope set out in Williams ([4]
supra). Specifically, the appellant alleged that the respondent gained her
“goodwill” to provide future loans to the respondent or its related entities
in return for her entry into the SA.

46 Before proceeding to consider this particular issue, however, a couple of
preliminary observations are apposite.

47 First, the alleged consideration that has been sought to be furnished might
be insufficient in the eyes of the law for at least three reasons. It might be
the case that the alleged consideration, although contemporaneous with or
otherwise causally connected with the promise that is sought to be enforced,
is itself insufficient in the eyes of the law to begin with. It might also be
the case that the alleged consideration, although otherwise sufficient in the
eyes of the law, is not contemporaneous with or otherwise causally connected
with the promise that is sought to be enforced – in which case it will be
considered what has been termed past consideration that will also not pass
legal muster. Finally, it might be the case that the alleged consideration is
not only itself insufficient in the eyes of the law but is also past
consideration in the manner just described. Much will, of course, depend on
the precise facts and circumstances of the case.

48 Secondly, having referred to the concept of “causal connection” in the
preceding paragraph, it should be noted that there may be different senses in
which that concept might be used. One sense is, as we put it in Gay Choon Ing
([2] supra at [82]), that:

[T]he element of request is necessary in order to establish a link between the
parties concerned. So, for example, if the promisee chooses, of his or her own
volition (and without more), to confer a benefit on the promisor, this will
not constitute sufficient consideration in the eyes of the law. Likewise, if
the promisee chooses, of his or her own volition, to incur a detriment, then
(as the leading English Court of Appeal decision of Combe v Combe [1951] 2 KB
214 … clearly illustrates) that would not constitute sufficient consideration
in the eyes of the law. [emphasis in original]

Another sense in which the concept of “causal connection” might be used occurs
in relation to the so-called exception to the well-established principle that
“past consideration is no consideration”. As this court observed (again, in
Gay Choon Ing at [83]):

It should also be noted that an absence of linkage between the parties can
also occur if the consideration is past – hence, the oft-cited principle that
“past consideration is no consideration”. However, the courts look to the
substance rather than the form. Hence, what looks at first blush like past
consideration will still pass legal muster if there is, in effect, a single
(contemporaneous) transaction (the common understanding of the parties being
that consideration would indeed be furnished at the time the promisor made his
or her promise to the promisee). [emphasis in italics in original; emphasis
added in bold italics]

49 In the present case, the appellant argued that the Judge had erred in
requiring a “common understanding” between the parties that the future loans
would result from the respondent’s entry into the SA, because the phrase
“common understanding” was taken from the judgment of Rainforest Trading ([18]
supra) at [38], where the term was used in the context of past acts which
validly constitute consideration for a later promise. According to the
appellant, all that should be required is that the “practical benefit” had
moved from the promisee to the promisor, and there is no requirement that
there be a “common understanding” or “specific promise” that the benefit would
accrue to the respondent at the time the promise was made. In the alternative,
the appellant argued that it “could be inferred” that there was an
“expectation of goodwill” to be granted to the respondent at the time the SA
was entered into, and this sufficed as valid consideration.

50 To be clear, we noted that it was not the appellant’s case that
consideration, by way of practical benefit or otherwise, was provided by the
performance of the appellant’s existing contractual obligations under the CLA,
and rightly so. Before the SA was entered into, all of the appellant’s
obligations under the CLA had been performed, and the entire loan under the
CLA had been disbursed. There was no evidence that the negotiations leading up
to the conclusion of the SA took place before the third and final disbursement
of the loan. The appellant’s pleaded action against the respondent was also
founded on the SA, and not on any oral agreement that preceded the signing of
the SA. These facts stand in stark contrast to those of Williams ([4] supra),
which is a case where one party’s promise to perform an obligation which it
was already contractually obligated to perform, but where performance had not
yet been completed at the time of the contractual variation, was found to
confer a practical benefit on the other party who promised an additional
benefit under the variation agreement. Such was not the case here.

51 We also noted that it was not the appellant’s case that she had made a
promise to enter into the SIA and the June to October 2015 loan agreements as
consideration for the SA. This is for two reasons:

(a) Although the negotiations relating to the SIA occurred at about the same
time as the negotiations for the SA, and the SIA was entered into on the same
day as the SA (and the appellant’s case refers to these facts), the
negotiations surrounding the SIA between Mr Han and Mr Sim were described by
Mr Han as “entirely separate from the CLA and the re-negotiation of its terms
leading up to the [SA]”. On appeal, the appellant admitted that the SIA and
the CLA were “entirely separate contracts”.

(b) The appellant’s counsel confirmed, during oral submissions before us as
well as in closing submissions before the court below, that the appellant was
not making the argument that she had made a specific promise to extend the
loans under the SIA to Biomax Technologies in exchange for the respondent
assuming further obligations under the SA. Indeed, there was no evidence to
such effect.

Instead, the appellant’s case was that “goodwill” had moved from herself to
the respondent, and this alone constituted a sufficient nexus.

52 In our judgment, the appellant’s criticism of the Judge’s ruling failed to
appreciate the different senses in which the concept of “causal connection”
might be used. While the concept of a causal connection might have been used
in Rainforest Trading in the second sense as described at [48] above, in the
present case, it is the first sense which is relevant. On the facts of the
present case, assuming that the alleged consideration is itself sufficient in
the eyes of the law, the element of request necessary in order to establish a
link between the parties was absent, as there was no request for any
“goodwill” by the respondent leading to the conclusion of the SA. It is
insufficient that the benefit the respondent conferred upon the appellant
pursuant to the SA stirred up “goodwill” on the appellant’s part and of her
own volition. In addition, we note that motive for making a promise does not
in itself amount to consideration (see Chitty on Contracts (H G Beale gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2018) (“Chitty”) at para 4-011 and the oft-cited
English decision of Thomas v Thomas (1842) 2 QB 851 (“Thomas”) at 859). The
assertion that the respondent might have been motivated, in making its promise
under the SA, by the prospect of obtaining “goodwill” from the appellant was
therefore also insufficient to establish the appellant’s case in this regard.

53 In any event, the alleged consideration is insufficient in the eyes of the
law to begin with. To the extent that “goodwill” referred to the improved
relationship between the appellant and Sim and/or the respondent, we note the
decision in Thomas (at 859) that there is no consideration for a promise made
“in consideration of natural love and affection”, as such purported
consideration bore no value in the eyes of the law. To the extent that
“goodwill” referred to some increased likelihood that the appellant would
extend future loans to the respondent or its related entities, we note the
following extract from Chitty at para 4-025:

Discretionary promise Consideration would again be illusory where it was
alleged to consist of a promise the terms of which left performance entirely
to the discretion of the promisor. A person does not provide consideration by
promising to do something “if I feel like it”, or “unless I change my mind”. …

We agree. The present case might even be said to be one step removed from a
discretionary promise, as there was never any promise regarding any future
loans to begin with. In sum, the SA was not supported by valid consideration.

Issue 5: whether the requirement for consideration should be dispensed with
for contractual variations

54 This particular issue relates to the new (and potentially far reaching)
argument proffered by the appellant on appeal that the doctrine of
consideration should, in any event, be dispensed with in cases concerning
contractual variation or modification. However, as a preliminary point, we
address the respondent’s objection to the effect that the appellant should not
have been granted leave to make this new argument on appeal in the first
place.

55 In Grace Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Te Deum Engineering Pte Ltd
[2018] 1 SLR 76, this court held that applications by a party to raise new
points on appeal (and in particular, points representing a substantial
departure from the position taken by that party below) would be subject to
careful consideration, with due regard being had to factors including the
following (at [38]): (a) the nature of the parties’ arguments below; (b)
whether the court had considered and provided any findings and reasoning in
relation to the new point; (c) whether further submissions, evidence, or
findings would have been necessitated had the new points been raised below;
and (d) any prejudice that might result to the counterparty in the appeal if
leave were granted.

56 The respondent contended that allowing the appellant to pursue this point
on appeal would cause it to suffer prejudice. According to the respondent, it
had chosen to abandon all its defences save the defence of no consideration
because parties had accepted that the doctrine of consideration applied to
contractual variations. However, the respondent failed to show that the
parties’ agreement as to the applicable legal principles preceded its decision
to rely only on the defence of no consideration. Indeed, it had decided to
abandon all defences save the defence that the SA was unsupported by
consideration on 19 January 2019, prior to the filing of opening statements
for trial on 21 January 2019. It therefore appeared to us that the respondent
had made the decision to abandon its other defences before the point at which
it could have gained notice of any legal arguments that the appellant intended
to rely on. More importantly, this argument was purely a legal one which did
not require any new evidence to be adduced, which meant that this court would
have been in just as advantageous a position as the court below to adjudicate
upon the issue (see the decisions of this court in Ang Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim
[2010] 3 SLR 179 at [63] and JWR Pte Ltd v Edmond Pereira Law Corp and another
[2020] SGCA 68 at [29]). Accordingly, we were of the view that leave should be
granted to the appellant to make the argument as to whether the doctrine of
consideration should be dispensed with in cases concerning contractual
variation.

57 Having dealt with the respondent’s preliminary objection, let us turn now
to consider the appellant’s substantive argument that the doctrine of
consideration should be dispensed with or abolished in so far as the variation
of contracts is concerned.

58 In Gay Choon Ing ([2] supra), this court undertook (at [111]−[116]) a
review of the possible alternatives were the doctrine of consideration to be
abolished, and concluded as follows (at [117]−[118]):

117 Because so much academic ink has been spilt on the doctrine of
consideration over so very many decades (with no concrete action being taken)
and because there is (as we have noted at [92] above) such a dearth of cases
on the doctrine itself, it would appear that any proposed reform of the
doctrine is much ado about nothing. Indeed, the doctrine of consideration is
(notwithstanding the numerous critiques of it) nevertheless still (as also
noted) an established part of not only the Singapore landscape in particular
but also the common law landscape in general. Not surprisingly, it is a
standard topic in all the contract textbooks. In short, it cannot be ignored.
However, because the doctrine of consideration does contain certain basic
weaknesses which have been pointed out, in extenso, in the relevant legal
literature, it almost certainly needs to be reformed. The basic difficulties
and alternatives have been set out briefly above but will need to be
considered in much greater detail when the issue next comes squarely before
this court. One major difficulty lies in the fact that a legal mechanism must
be maintained that will enable the courts to effectively and practically
ascertain which promises ought to be enforceable. Hence, even if the doctrine
of consideration is abolished, an alternative (or alternatives) must take its
place. There then arises the question as to whether or not the alternatives
themselves are sufficiently well established in order that they might furnish
the requisite legal guidance to the courts. In this regard, it is significant
to note that the various alternatives briefly mentioned above are (apart from
the requirement of writing) already a part of Singapore law.

118 In the circumstances, maintenance of the status quo (viz, the availability
of both (a somewhat dilute) doctrine of consideration as well as the
alternative doctrines canvassed above) may well be the most practical solution
inasmuch as it will afford the courts a range of legal options to achieve a
just and fair result in the case concerned. However, problems of theoretical
coherence may remain and are certainly intellectually challenging (as the many
perceptive pieces and even books and monographs clearly demonstrate).
Nevertheless, given the long pedigree of the doctrine, the fact that no single
doctrine is wholly devoid of difficulties, and (more importantly) the need for
a legal mechanism to ascertain which promises the courts will enforce, the
‘theoretical untidiness’ may well be acceptable in the light of the existing
practical advantages (though cf [J W Carter, Andrew Phang & Jill Poole,
“Reactions to Williams v Roffey” (1995) 8 JCL 248 at 265]). However, this is
obviously a provisional view only as the issue of reform was not before the
court in the present appeal.

[emphasis in original]

59 As alluded to at the outset of the present judgment, after Gay Choon Ing
academic ink continued to be spilt on the doctrine of consideration (see, for
example (and by one of the staunchest supporters of the doctrine itself),
Mindy Chen-Wishart, “Consideration and Serious Intention” [2009] Sing JLS 434
and, by the same author, “In Defence of Consideration” (2013) 13 OUCLJ 209 as
well as “Reforming Consideration: No Greener Pastures” in Contract in
Commercial Law at Ch 5 (and the legal literature cited therein); a useful and
updated overview of the various issues may also be found in Jonathan Morgan,
Great Debates in Contract Law (Red Globe Press, 3rd Ed, 2020) at Ch 2). With
respect (and despite the interesting academic analyses), we are no nearer a
solution that is at once both theoretically as well as practically viable and
therefore see no reason to change the views we had expressed in Gay Choon Ing.
However, could it be argued that that decision was concerned with the
operation of the doctrine of consideration in the context of the formation of
contracts whereas the present case relates to the operation of the doctrine in
the context of the variation or modification of contracts (though cf the view
of the Judge in the court below at [99] as well as in the decision of the
Singapore High Court in S Pacific Resources Ltd v Tomolugen Holdings Ltd
[2016] 3 SLR 1049, especially at [14]). As also alluded to at the outset of
this judgment, it is argued in some case law as well as some academic
commentary that, in so far as the variation or modification of contracts is
concerned, the requirement of consideration may be dispensed with. And it is
to those materials that our attention now turns – bearing in mind that the
substance of the arguments concerned is what matters as well as the fact that
accepting them would simultaneously entail a departure from decisions such as
Williams ([4] supra) and Foakes ([4] supra).

60 With respect, none of the arguments in favour of the abolition of the
doctrine of consideration in the context of the variation or modification of
contracts is persuasive. Let us elaborate.

61 First, in Gay Choon Ing, we explained why it was most practically wise to
maintain the status quo (viz, the availability of both the (somewhat dilute)
doctrine of consideration as well as the alternative doctrines such as
economic duress, undue influence, unconscionability as well as promissory
estoppel and proprietary estoppel) inasmuch as such an approach would afford
the courts a range of legal options to achieve a just and fair result in the
case concerned (see also Lee Pey Woan, “Consideration” in The Law of Contract
in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“Consideration”) Ch 4 at para
04.109). Although Gay Choon Ing related to a situation regarding the formation
of a contract, this is a general argument that would apply equally to
situations relating to variation or modification of contracts (which is the
situation in the present case).

62 Secondly (and on a related note), the difficulties with regard to the
possible alternatives to the doctrine of consideration (which were referred to
briefly in Gay Choon Ing ([2] supra)) do not appear to have been resolved
despite the period of more than a decade since that particular decision was
handed down. Indeed, in some instances, the difficulties appear to have either
worsened or opportunities to resolve them have not been availed of by the
court concerned. An example of the latter occurred in the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in MWB Business Exchange Centres Ltd v
Rock Advertising Ltd [2019] AC 119, where the court managed (by holding that
the variation agreement in question was invalid) to avoid having to deal
directly with the issue of consideration in respect of that agreement – in
particular, the status of the decision in Foakes in light of the development
in Williams (which, at the English Court of Appeal level, was at odds with Re
Selectmove Ltd [1995] 1 WLR 474 (this particular issue was in fact referred to
in Gay Choon Ing at [102]–[103])). As one commentator interestingly observed,
“[s]ince [Foakes] is a House of Lords decision, [its] re-examination can be
performed only by the Supreme Court; but, with its having taken 134 years for
this issue to finally reach our highest court, it is unclear when it will have
another opportunity to do so” (see Robert Harris, “Modifications, Wrangles,
and Bypassing” [2018] LMCLQ 441 at p 449).

63 Thirdly, and turning specifically to the issue of the variation or
modification of a contract, it has been argued that the requirement of
consideration may be unnecessary because, unlike the situation where parties
enter into a contract (ie, a situation relating to the formation of a
contract), the parties in the situation where a variation or modification
occurs are already in a contractual relationship with each other (see, for
example, Tan Cheng Han, “Contract Modifications, Consideration and Moral
Hazard” (2005) 17 SAcLJ 566, especially at pp 578–580 and John Cartwright,
Formation and Variation of Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2018)
(“Cartwright”) at para 9–24). Looked at in this light, the argument is that
the parties who are already in a contractual relationship with each other are
more likely to be flexible with each other in order to advance their common
enterprise and that to therefore insist that any contractual variations or
modifications require consideration may run counter to or militate against
such an enterprise (and/or situations where one party might be willing to
afford the other party a concession to cultivate a long-term relationship).

64 Whilst this is one possible perspective, it is not the only one. Parties
enter into contracts for a myriad of reasons and may desire to vary or modify
their contract for a myriad of reasons (not all of which might be as positive
or sanguine as depicted in the scenario just considered). It is important to
note at this juncture that a legal rule or principle is, ex hypothesi,
normative in nature and is intended to be applicable universally, regardless
of the precise factual scenario concerned. Hence, it ought to cover as many
potential factual situations as possible. Given the myriad of factual
permutations (including those that occur after the contract has been entered
into), a change in the law (here, the dispensing with the requirement of
consideration where the variation of contracts is concerned) would be
consistent with only one basic scenario (where the parties in an existing
contractual relationship are seeking to cooperate with each other). What,
then, about the argument that there exist alternative legal doctrines which
would nevertheless accommodate and deal with other scenarios where the parties
are not so sanguine, thus addressing any injustice or unfairness that might
result from the variation of the contract concerned? However, that merely
brings us back full circle to a point that was already considered in Gay Choon
Ing – that the alternative doctrines themselves contain specific difficulties
that need to be ironed out and that including the doctrine of consideration as
part of a range of legal options (in addition to these alternative legal
doctrines) may well be the best (as well as most practical) way forward.

65 It should also be noted that, pursuant to Williams ([4] supra) (which is
now part of the law relating to the doctrine of consideration in Singapore),
it is no longer onerous to demonstrate that the requirement of consideration
has been satisfied because any factual benefit or detriment would suffice in
the eyes of the law. Looked at in this light, perhaps the suggested
inconvenience to the parties might be somewhat exaggerated in a situation
where all is well between them. Further, as just noted, the situation between
parties may not always be so sanguine – in which case the requirement of
consideration does indeed serve an important function.

66 We have also seen that if the parties are truly optimistic, they could
exclude the requirement for consideration for the variation of the contract by
unambiguously stating so at the point the contract is formed (see [36] above).
And, of course, there would be no difficulty if the parties vary the term(s)
of their contract by way of a deed.

67 Fourthly, the case law is – at best – inconclusive. We turn, first, to the
New Zealand position. The leading decision in this regard is that of the Court
of Appeal of New Zealand in Antons Trawling Co Ltd v Smith [2003] 2 NZLR 23
(“Antons Trawling”). However, a close reading of the judgment of the court in
that case (which was delivered by Baragwanath J) will reveal that the court
did, in fact, find (after a meticulous examination of the relevant facts) that
the promisee had furnished sufficient consideration pursuant to the legal
principles laid down in Williams. As the court observed (at [93]):

We are satisfied that [Stilk v Myrick (1809) 2 Camp 317] can no longer to be
taken to control such cases as [Williams], [Attorney-General for England and
Wales v R [2002] 2 NZLR 91] and the present case where there is no element of
duress or other policy factor suggesting that an agreement, duly performed,
should not attract the legal consequences that each party must reasonably be
taken to have expected. On the contrary, a result that deprived Mr Smith [the
promisee] of the benefit of what Antons [the promisor] had promised he should
receive would be inconsistent with the essential principle underlying the law
of contract, that the law will seek to give effect to freely accepted
reciprocal undertakings. The importance of consideration is as a valuable
signal that the parties intend to be bound by their agreement, rather than an
end in itself. Where the parties who have already made such intention clear by
entering legal relations have acted upon an agreement to a variation, in the
absence of policy reasons to the contrary they should be bound by their
agreement. Whichever option is adopted, whether that of [Williams] or that
suggested by Professor Coote and other authorities, the result is in this case
the same. [emphasis added in bold italics and underlined bold italics]

68 It is clear that whilst the court in Antons Trawling did entertain the
possibility of dispensing with the requirement of consideration in the context
of a variation of a contract (see the sentence italicised in bold italics in
the quotation in the preceding paragraph), it did not reject the approach in
Williams either; on the contrary, the last sentence of the aforementioned
quotation makes it clear that the approach in Williams was also a ground upon
which the court was prepared to premise its decision upon (reference may also
be made to the recent decision of the New Zealand High Court in Gloria Jean’s
Coffees International Pty Ltd and another v Daboko Ltd [2020] NZHC 29 (“Gloria
Jean’s Coffees”) at [30]–[31] and [40]; cf another decision of the New Zealand
High Court in Blair v Horne and others [2006] NZHC 195, especially at
[38]–[39]). Indeed, as one commentator aptly observed, “[t]he status of
Williams and the practical benefit test in New Zealand is now ambiguous” (see
Karen N Scott, “From Sailors to Fisherman: Contractual Variation and the
Abolition of the Pre-Existing Duty Rule in New Zealand” (2005) 11 Canterbury L
Rev 201 (“Scott”) at p 214 (see also at p 215); reference may also be made to
Brian Coote, “Variations Sans Consideration” (2011) 27 JCL 185 (“Coote”) at p
197 as well as Jeremy Finn, Stephen Todd & Matthew Barber, Burrows, Finn and
Todd on the Law of Contract in New Zealand (LexisNexis NZ Limited, 6th Ed,
2018) (“Burrows, Finn and Todd”) at p 129). Indeed, Prof Scott also refers to
a point that has already been raised above (at [64]) – which is that the
alternative doctrine of economic duress may itself embody problems of its own
(see Scott at pp 211−212; see also Craig Ulyatt, “The Demise of Consideration
for Contract Variations” (2003) 9 Auckland U L Rev 1386 (“Ulyatt”) at p 1397)
as might the other doctrines (such as undue influence and the doctrine of
unconscionability (see Scott at pp 212−214)). It is also apposite to note that
it has also been argued that the rationale for awarding damages for
expectation loss can only be justified by requiring consideration to be
demonstrated (see Ulyatt at p 1393).

69 It is also interesting to note that Baragwanath J, in arriving at the more
radical proposition that consideration was not required in the context of
contractual variation or modification in Antons Trawling, appeared to be
heavily influenced by Prof Brian Coote’s critique of Williams ([4] supra) in
“Consideration and Benefit in Fact and in Law” (1990) 3 JCL 23. In essence, in
rejecting the approach centring on practical benefit or detriment as being an
unprincipled way of achieving justice, Prof Coote concluded his critique by
stating (at p 28, and presumably as a principled alternative) that
“[t]heoretically, it may still be open to a court of final resort in a common
law country to decide that consideration should not be necessary for the
variation of a contract” (indeed, in a subsequent article already referred to
above, Prof Coote opined that the court in Williams dispensed, “at least for
all practical purposes”, with the requirement of consideration “by the use of
a fiction” [emphasis added] (see Coote at p 197)). If, however, Williams is
considered a principled approach, then there is no need to adopt the more
radical alternative suggested by Prof Coote. At this juncture, it is perhaps
apposite to pause to observe, parenthetically, that part of Prof Coote’s
dissatisfaction with the approach in Williams might be attributed to the fact
that – in contrast to the traditional approach in Stilk v Myrick (1809) 2 Camp
317 (“Stilk”) – recourse to a concept of factual benefit or detriment may be
argued to lack normative force. Whilst this last-mentioned argument might be
attractive at first blush, it neglects, with respect, the proposition that the
court can indeed confer normative force on a test, the content of which might
turn on a factual determination. Viewed in this light, the approach in
Williams is no less a legal test (although, as just mentioned, its content
might turn on a factual determination). Indeed, in the ordinary course of
legal discourse as well as analysis, the legal principles are not enunciated
for their own sake – they are intended to be applied to the relevant facts of
a particular case. The approach in Williams embodies this although, by its
very nature, the legal principles and the relevant facts are perhaps more
inextricably connected and may – to that extent – be viewed as two (albeit
different) sides of the same coin. This does not, of course, detract from the
obvious point (which we also acknowledged in Gay Choon Ing ([2] supra) at
[118]) that the approach in Williams results in “a somewhat dilute” doctrine
of consideration – although, depending on the precise facts and circumstances
of a particular case, the value of the practical benefit or detriment
concerned may indeed be significant (see Pey-Woan Lee, “Contract Modifications
– Reflections on Two Commonwealth Cases” (2012) 12 OUCLJ 189 (“Lee”) at p
196). As has also been pointed out on a related note, “a more straightforward
explanation of [Williams] [may] lie in the recognition that a re-promise does
confer additional value on the counter-party if the re-promise represents an
increased chance of performance” [emphasis in original] (see Lee at p 197).

70 One might also usefully note the following observations by Baragwanath J in
an extrajudicial paper delivered after he had retired from the bench (see
David Baragwanath, “Judging: A Butterfly View” (2010) 16 Canterbury L Rev 243
at p 251):

The Judge’s responsibility for judicious updating and development of the
judge-made common law is no longer disputed by those familiar with the
process. In Antons Trawling Co Ltd v Smith, for example, an 1809 English
decision [ie, Stilk], that variation of contract is ineffective unless there
is fresh consideration, would have resulted in injustice. Mr Smith was the
Master of a fishing vessel and he contracted with Antons to search for orange
roughy. He was told that if he discovered a new bed he would be entitled to 10
per cent of the resulting quota. Having done so, he was denied the quota and
sued. We held that the common law rule was a misapplication of an earlier
principle aimed at avoiding extortion by a person in Mr Smith’s position.
There being no question of that, and the consideration required by the
ordinary law of contract being provided by the exchange of mutual obligations
we held the oral agreement to be enforceable. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

With respect, the observations just quoted are ambiguous. Whilst on one
reading, they suggest a more radical approach that dispenses with the
requirement of consideration in the context of contractual variation or
modification, the language emphasised suggests that the court in Antons
Trawling had merely proceeded on the more traditional approach and had found
that consideration had indeed been provided on the facts of that particular
case. The reader will recall that a plain reading of the actual language of
the judgment in Antons Trawling itself demonstrates a similar ambiguity (see
[68] above).

71 In the subsequent New Zealand Court of Appeal decision of Teat v Willcocks
[2014] 3 NZLR 129 (“Teat”), Arnold J, delivering the judgment of the court,
observed as follows (at [54] (reference may also be made to Gloria Jean’s
Coffees, especially at [32]; the decision of the High Court of New Zealand in
New Zealand Local Authority Protection Disaster Fund v Auckland Council [2013]
NZHC 1858 at [35]; and Burrows, Finn and Todd at pp 129–130)):

… Although the position is not yet settled, we consider that consideration in
the form of a benefit “in practice” [citing Williams] is sufficient to support
a binding variation. Further, we are attracted to the alternative view
expressed by this Court in Antons Trawling Co Ltd v Smith that no
consideration at all may be required provided the variation is agreed
voluntarily and without illegitimate pressure. …

[emphasis added in bold italics and underlined bold italics]

72 For completeness, we note that Antons Trawling ([67] supra) has been cited
in a fair number of subsequent decisions of the New Zealand High Court
(including those already referred to above). Woolford J, for example, cited
and applied Antons Trawling in Goldsmith and others v Carter and others [2012]
NZHC 1693, observing (at [34]) that “[i]n any event, I am of the view that
consideration is not necessarily essential for the variation [of the contract]
to be effective” [emphasis added]. Notably, there was no real discussion of
the detailed reasons for endorsing such an approach, although this is perhaps
understandable as Antons Trawling was a decision of the Court of Appeal. It
should also be noted that sufficient consideration in law was found on the
facts of the case (cf the phrase “in any event” in the observation just
quoted) (reference may also be made to Hunan Holdings Ltd v Virionyx
Corporation Ltd (2005) 2 NZCCLR 1079 at [45]–[51]). And in Mulholland v Hansen
[2015] NZHC 895, whilst Teat was cited (at [25]), Muir J found, in fact, that
there was no variation to begin with (reference may also be made to Shell
(Petroleum Mining) Co Ltd and another v Vector Gas Contracts Ltd and another
[2014] NZHC 31 at [128]–[132], Baxter v Coleman [2016] NZHC 2693 at
[207]–[211] and Green v Carr [2018] NZHC 3408, especially at [38];
significantly, in all these decisions, no decisive or conclusive view on what
the legal position ought to be is expressed (though cf Flight Park Tandems Ltd
v Club Flying Kiwi Ltd (2005) 2 NZCCLR 508 at [75]–[76])). There are also
decisions which prefer nevertheless to expressly adopt the more cautious (and
traditional) view that consideration is required in the context of contractual
variation or modification (see, for example, Northwest Developments Ltd v Xue
[2019] NZHC 1042 at [30]). These are just a sampling of various decisions of
the High Court of New Zealand that demonstrate that there has been no decisive
or conclusive pronouncement that dispenses with the requirement of
consideration in the context of contractual variation or modification and
that, generally speaking, consideration continues to be a requirement in this
particular regard. This is perhaps not surprising because, as we have seen
(see especially [68] above), the decisions of the Court of Appeal of New
Zealand in Antons Trawling and Teat did not themselves render a decisive or
conclusive view that consideration was clearly no longer required in the
context of contractual variation or modification.

73 To summarise, whilst the New Zealand courts have expressed support for the
legal proposition that no consideration should be required in the context of
contractual variation, the more liberal approach in Williams ([4] supra) that
holds that sufficient consideration can be provided by way of a factual
benefit or detriment has not been rejected; on the contrary, it still appears
to be sound law as well (reference may also be made to Coote at p 193 as well
as Burrows, Finn and Todd at pp 129–130).

74 Turning to the Canadian context, the leading decision appears to be that of
the New Brunswick Court of Appeal in Greater Fredericton Airport Authority Inc
v NAV Canada (2008) 290 DLR (4th) 405; [2008] NBJ No 108 (“NAV”), as cited by
the appellant. The court in that case held, inter alia, that no enforceable
contract had been entered into between the parties and that the respondent was
therefore not liable to pay the appellant for the new equipment which the
latter alleged that the former had promised to do. Interestingly, the court
found that the promisee had furnished no consideration for the promisor’s
promise and that the promisee had also established that it had been the victim
of economic duress. These holdings ought to be borne in mind as we examine the
detailed reasoning of the court (the judgment of the court was delivered by J
T Robertson JA, and concurred with by W S Turnbull and M E L Larlee JJA). The
judgment by Robertson JA is a comprehensive and scholarly one. His assessment
of Williams in the context of the enforceability of post-contractual
modifications or variations is not a positive one (at [28]). He is also
critical of artificial attempts to locate consideration (at [29], where he
states, inter alia, that he agrees with “Professor Waddams’ exhortation that
courts should avoid ‘fictional’ attempts to find consideration”). Robertson JA
also points to the fact that the doctrine of consideration was formulated
“before the recognition of the modern and evolving doctrine of economic
duress” (at [30]). He then concludes thus (at [31]):

For the above reasons, I am prepared to accept that a post-contractual
modification, unsupported by consideration, may be enforceable so long as it
is established that the variation was not procured under economic duress. In
reaching this conclusion, I am mindful that the Supreme Court has cautioned
that it is not the role of the courts to undertake “major” reforms in the
common law or those that may have “complex ramifications”. …

75 Rather curiously, however (and with respect), the learned judge then
proceeded to state as follows (at [32]):

… Again having regard to the Supreme Court’s admonition, I wish to emphasize
that I am not advocating the abrogation of the rule in [Stilk]. Simply, the
rule should not be regarded as determinative as to whether a gratuitous
promise is enforceable. Nor am I suggesting that the doctrine of consideration
is irrelevant when it comes to deciding whether a contractual variation was
procured under economic duress. There will be cases where the post-contractual
modification is in fact and law supported by valid or fresh consideration. In
my view, that type of evidence is important when it comes to deciding whether
the contractual variation was procured with the ‘consent’ of the promisor.
After all, why would anyone agree to pay or do more than is required under an
existing contract in return for nothing? But if the contractual variation was
supported by fresh consideration, the argument that the variation was procured
under economic duress appears, on the face of it, less convincing and the
circumstances more in line with what one expects to see in every commercial
contract: a ‘consensual bargain’. On the other hand, for example, a person who
agrees to pay more than the original contract price either in writing under
seal or in return for a ‘peppercorn’ is entitled to argue that the agreement
was procured under economic duress. [emphasis added in bold italics and
underlined bold italics]

76 A plain reading of the quotation in the preceding paragraph suggests that
there might be an inconsistency (see also, in this regard, a similar view in
Rick Bigwood, “Doctrinal Reform and Post-Contractual Modifications in New
Brunswick: NAV Canada v. Greater Fredericton Airport Authority Inc.” (2010) 49
Can Bus LJ 256 (“Bigwood”) at p 266). In particular, it suggests that the
doctrine of consideration is still alive and well, so to speak – and, in fact,
may even retain its original legal form as set out in the seminal English
decision of Stilk ([69] supra) (and, possibly at least, as modified later in
Williams). However, a closer reading of the same quotation suggests that
whether or not sufficient consideration has been furnished might merely be a
factor in the decision of the court as to whether or not there was economic
duress. At this particular juncture, however, one may ask whether, in a
situation where there is indeed sufficient consideration in the eyes of the
law, that would – in and of itself – suffice to render the contract concerned
enforceable. It is, of course, true that the doctrine of economic duress could
nevertheless be invoked by the promisor to argue that the contract is
otherwise unenforceable. At this particular juncture, however, it should be
noted that both consideration and economic duress are being invoked as
separate and independent doctrines. In fairness, it should be noted that it is
entirely possible to rely upon the doctrine of economic duress whilst having
regard to consideration as a factor and this may well be what Robertson JA had
in mind. However, there is no reason in principle why both doctrines (of
consideration and economic duress) cannot potentially operate together as they
are not mutually exclusive. Indeed, it could be argued that there could – in
many situations at least – be a fine line between consideration as a doctrine
on the one hand and consideration as a factor in determining whether there is
economic duress on the other. This appears, in fact, to be implicit in the
quotation in the preceding paragraph. There is also the further difficulty
that consideration was apparently also endorsed in its doctrinal form (cf the
reference to Stilk).

77 It is also noteworthy that, on the actual facts of NAV itself, the court
found that there had been no fresh consideration furnished in law. It then
proceeded to find that there had nevertheless been economic duress on the
(same) facts (not least because the promisor made the promise concerned “under
protest” and that this was what had happened in substance in any event) (at
[64]–[66]). In doing so, the court applied the following approach which it had
outlined earlier in its judgment (at [53]):

Subject to the above observations, a finding of economic duress is dependent
initially on two conditions precedent. First, the promise (the contractual
variation) must be extracted as a result of the exercise of ‘pressure’,
whether characterized as a ‘demand’ or a ‘threat’. Second, the exercise of
that pressure must have been such that the coerced party had no practical
alternative but to agree to the coercer’s demand to vary the terms of the
underlying contract. However, even if those two conditions precedent are
satisfied, a finding of economic duress does not automatically follow. Once
these two threshold requirements are met, the legal analysis must focus on the
ultimate question: whether the coerced party ‘consented’ to the variation. To
make that determination three factors should be examined: (1) whether the
promise was supported by consideration; (2) whether the coerced party made the
promise ‘under protest’ or ‘without prejudice’; and (3) if not, whether the
coerced party took reasonable steps to disaffirm the promise as soon as
practicable. Admittedly, the last two factors are more likely to have a
bearing on the ultimate outcome of a case than the first. As well, note that
under this general framework, no reference is made to the supposed victim
having ‘independent legal advice’ or to the ‘good faith conduct’ on the part
of the supposed coercer. I shall also deal with these matters separately. For
the moment, I am going to focus on the framework outlined above. [emphasis in
underlining in original; emphasis added in italics]

78 What is interesting is that, if the court in NAV ([74] supra) had adopted
the traditional approach of requiring consideration in the context of a
contractual variation, then it would have been able to arrive at the same
result on the facts since it had found (as just noted) that no fresh
consideration had been provided by the promisee to the promisor. Instead, in
applying the approach that was quoted in the preceding paragraph, the court
held (at [66]) that “[t]he fact that the promise was not supported by fresh
consideration suggests that consent was lacking” (this was one of the factors
that is in bold italics in the quotation at [75] above and also italicised in
the quotation at [77] above).

79 Assuming, however, that Robertson JA’s view that consideration can be
dispensed with in the context of contractual variation provided that there is
no economic duress (a view that, not surprisingly, was endorsed in Coote (at
pp 195–197)), there nevertheless remain, with respect, difficulties with such
an approach which have already been set out above as well as below (and that
also includes problems with economic duress as an alternative (see [68]
above); and, on alternatives generally, see [61]–[62] above). These
difficulties are significant ones which NAV does not, with respect, really
address. We also note that a large part of the judgment in NAV itself was
devoted to clarifying the applicable legal principles with respect to economic
duress. That this exercise was itself not uncontroversial is demonstrated by
the fact that the court in NAV rejected (at [47]–[50]) the criterion of
illegitimate pressure and focused (at [51] and [53]) on the factor of whether
there was a practical alternative instead. Given the fact that the criterion
of illegitimate pressure has been traditionally accepted as a factor in both
the case law as well as the textbooks demonstrates that the doctrine of
economic duress is itself by no means free from difficulties (as already
alluded to above). Indeed, a learned commentator delivered a powerful critique
of the analytical framework for economic duress proposed in NAV (see Bigwood
at pp 269–277; reference may also be made to Lee at pp 201–205). The court in
NAV also explored (at [62]) the role of good faith on the part of the alleged
coercer – an issue which, respectfully in our view, is one which has potential
difficulties (particularly given the nature of good faith even as a doctrine,
at least in the Singapore context (cf the decisions of this court in Ng Giap
Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and others [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518, especially
at [47] and [51]–[60] and The One Suites Pte Ltd v Pacific Motor Credit (Pte)
Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 695 at [44])). Finally (and on a more general level), the
approach adopted by the court (see [77] above) was also somewhat different
from that adopted in other jurisdictions (this is, of course, consistent with
its rejection of the criterion of illegitimate pressure which has just been
referred to).

80 In summary, there are difficulties with the proposition advanced in NAV
that the courts can dispense with the requirement of consideration in the
context of contractual variation provided that there is no economic duress. We
have also seen that not a smidgen of ambiguity was introduced, as the court in
NAV did not (unambiguously at least) reject the doctrine of consideration in
relation to Stilk ([69] supra) as well as in relation to Williams ([4] supra).
If such ambiguity is resolved by construing consideration as a factor (as
opposed to a doctrine) in the context of the court’s determination as to
whether there is economic duress, this still does not explain the
abovementioned endorsement of consideration in its doctrinal form.

81 A subsequent decision was also cited by the appellant – that of the British
Columbia Supreme Court in River Wind Ventures Ltd v British Columbia [2009]
BCJ No 880; [2009] BCSC 589 (reversed, River Wind Ventures Ltd v British
Columbia [2011] BCJ No 257; [2011] BCCA 79 (albeit without any apparent doubt
being cast on the analysis of the law relating to consideration as such;
remitted for assessment of damages in River Wind Ventures Ltd v British
Columbia [2011] BCJ No 1678; [2011] BCSC 1195); see also British Columbia v
River Wind Ventures Ltd [2011] SCCA No 179 (application for leave to appeal to
the Supreme Court of Canada dismissed)). Whilst I C Meiklem J agreed (at [32])
with the reasoning of the court in NAV, the learned judge did note that the
first sentence in [31] of NAV (as quoted at [74] above) might not have “fully
capture[d] the modernized principle intended to be enunciated by the court”.
It should also be noted that this particular decision did in fact also find
that the plaintiff promisee had failed to establish that there had been fresh
consideration furnished for the promise (at [36]).

82 Another decision in the Canadian context is that of the New Brunswick Court
of Appeal in Harrity v Kennedy [2009] NBJ No 305; [2009] NBCA 60 (“Harrity”).
As in NAV ([74] supra), Robertson JA once again delivered the judgment of the
court (which was concurred with by J C M Richard and B R Bell JJA). Not
surprisingly, perhaps, the learned judge cited NAV (at [27]). More
interestingly, in the very next paragraph, Robertson JA observed as follows
(at [28]):

I recognize that the doctrine of consideration provides a technical reason for
refusing to enforce a contractual provision. Indeed, according to the ‘hunt
and peck’ theory of consideration, judges will rummage through trial and
appeal records to find the necessary consideration if that is what is needed
to achieve a just result. If they believe that enforcement would lead to an
unjust result, the same judges will declare there is an absence of meaningful
consideration and, therefore, the promise is gratuitous and unenforceable. But
even if I were entitled to jettison the doctrine of consideration, which I am
at liberty to do, I am at a loss to think of a good reason why the disclaimer
clause should be deemed effective to insulate Mr. Harrity from liability.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

83 Whilst the learned judge’s observations as quoted in the preceding
paragraph are reminiscent of his views in NAV (at [29], see [74] above), what
is interesting in the context of the present judgment is his apparent
acceptance that the doctrine of consideration still exists. Indeed, in
relation to Harrity, Robertson JA expressly stated (at [31]) that he preferred
to rest his decision with regard to the enforceability of the disclaimer
clause “on a lack of consideration” [emphasis added].

84 More recently, however, the British Columbia Court of Appeal, in Rosas v
Toca [2018] BCJ No 938; [2018] BCCA 191 (“Rosas”), had occasion to consider
the issue as to whether it was appropriate to reform the doctrine of
consideration as it applied to the variation of an existing contract (this
case was also cited in Cartwright at para 9–24, note 198). It was necessary in
Rosas to determine whether there had been consideration furnished for the
multiple forbearance agreements made annually that had been relied upon by the
plaintiff in order to preserve her limitation period. The court below had held
that the relevant limitation period had expired and the plaintiff appealed to
the British Columbia Court of Appeal, which held that the forbearance
agreements were enforceable and therefore delayed the running of the
limitation period. In the circumstances, the plaintiff’s action was thus
commenced within the limitation period and was not time-barred. Her appeal was
therefore allowed.

85 R J Bauman CJBC delivered the judgment of the court (with which L Fenlon
and B Fisher JJA agreed). The learned judge undertook an extremely
comprehensive survey of the relevant case law as well as legal scholarship in
relation to the doctrine of consideration. Interestingly, Bauman CJBC was of
the view (at [104]) that NAV “expressly approve[d] of, and indeed buil[t] on,
the reasoning from [Williams]”. The learned judge then proceeded, later in his
judgment, to elaborate that NAV had in fact “expanded the doctrine of
consideration even more radically than in [Williams]”, and he observed as
follows (at [109]):

… Robertson J.A. held that any ‘post-contractual modification’ may be
enforceable though unsupported by consideration so long as economic duress was
not made out. While the Court cited Williams v. Roffey Bros. and appeared to
adopt its reasoning, there is no mention of the need for practical benefit and
no discussion of what practical benefit the Airport Authority received from
Nav Canada’s performance of its pre-existing obligation. … [emphasis added in
bold italics]

86 The observations just quoted in the preceding paragraph hark back to the
ambiguity we have already indicated above (at [75]–[76]). It is perhaps even
more interesting that Bauman CJBC proceeds to immediately observe in the next
paragraph (at [110]) as follows (a point which we have also already noted
above at [83]):

Interestingly, only a year after deciding NAV Canada, the New Brunswick Court
of Appeal in [Harrity], with Robertson J.A. again writing the reasons for the
Court, distinguished NAV Canada and held that a disclaimer of liability for
misrepresentations in the sale of a yacht was unenforceable for lack of
consideration. … [emphasis added in bold italics and bold underlined italics]

87 Most interestingly, perhaps, Bauman CJBC observes (at [112]) that:

With respect, it is difficult to reconcile the result in [Harrity] with the
clear statement from NAV Canada that ‘[a]s a matter of commercial efficacy, it
becomes necessary at times to adjust the parties’ respective contractual
obligations and the law must then protect their legitimate expectations that
the modifications or variations will be adhered to and regarded as
enforceable’ … [emphasis added]

Whilst the learned judge does attempt an explanation, this is, with respect,
only at the level of the specific facts and does not really deal with the
implications from the standpoint of general legal principle (which, ex
hypothesi, would be applicable to all future cases where the same legal issue
arises).

88 It should also be noted that Rosas ([84] supra) also referred to reforms
beyond the shores of Canada (at [123]–[130]), and these included the New
Zealand decisions in Antons Trawling ([67] supra) and Teat ([71] supra). It
bears reiterating, however, that the New Zealand position is far from clear
(see generally [67]–[73] above).

89 Bauman CJBC in Rosas also refers to the academic literature (at
[131]–[154]) but, even here, it is clear that there is no consensus; this is
perhaps not surprising in so far as the very nature of academic discourse is
concerned.

90 Having conducted such a comprehensive comparative survey, Bauman CJBC
arrived at the conclusion (especially at [176], [180] and [183]) that the
requirement of consideration can be dispensed with in the context of
contractual variation or modification, taking into account the fact that it is
unnecessary to justify the enforcement of such agreements by finding
consideration through “imaginative bases” or “machinations” in any given fact
situation (at [176] and [179]); he observes as follows (at [180]–[181]):

180 Enforcement of the modification in cases like this reflects the notion in
a going transaction situation that the parties are already in a contractual
relationship and are simply adapting it to changed circumstances. This is not
the case of the ‘unwary signor or the casual promisor’ being ‘hooked’ too
easily into a contractual relationship as feared by Professor Chen-Wishart.
Surely the fact of the existing contractual relationship in the going
transaction scenario attenuates much of such concern. Further, as with any
bargain, certainty of terms and proof of mutual intention to be bound will
have to be proved by the party seeking to rely on the variation agreement. In
any event, the bargain theory of contracts—the notion that contracts are
enforced and expectation damages justified because the promisor has been paid
the value of the thing promised—is inconsistent with the longstanding
enforcement of contracts under seal, or based on nominal consideration of
$1.00 or a peppercorn.

181 While the rationale for the enforcement of going transaction modifications
is often based on the realities facing commercial actors in business
transactions, friends and neighbours who make significant loans and agreements
face similar realities: circumstances change and contractual modifications may
be desirable and beneficial to both parties.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

91 With respect, the fact that the parties are already in an existing
contractual relationship cannot (as we have already explained above at [64]) –
in and of itself – justify dispensing with the requirement of consideration in
all cases of contractual variation or modification. There are also a number of
other difficulties that have been set out both above and below. Finally, it is
interesting that Bauman CJBC also held (at [177]) that “[i]f one were driven
to find consideration here, even in a modified form”, there were, indeed,
practical benefits that had flowed to the promisor on the facts of this
particular case (at [177]–[178]) – presumably, pursuant to the principles set
out in Williams ([4] supra).

92 It remains to be seen whether the courts of the other Canadian provinces
will follow the British Columbia Court of Appeal’s clear departure from the
conventional approach. It will be seen, therefore, that the Canadian position
as a whole is not as clear as it might appear at first blush. Further, even if
the position was clear (in supporting the appellant’s argument that
consideration is not required in the context of contractual variation), it is
equally clear (if not clearer) that there are numerous difficulties with the
adoption of such a position. In so far as the former point is concerned, it is
also noteworthy that one of the leading textbooks in Canadian contract law
merely cites both Williams and NAV ([74] supra) in the footnotes without any
attempt to explain the inconsistencies (if any) between both decisions (see S
M Waddams, The Law of Contracts (Thomson Reuters, 7th Ed, 2017) at para 138,
notes 383, 384 and 385).

93 We have examined the relevant case law in some detail in order to
demonstrate that it is – at best – inconclusive in so far as support for the
proposition that consideration is not required in the context of contractual
variation or modification is concerned. Put simply, the doctrine of
consideration is still very much a requirement for the variation or
modification of existing contracts in so far as the overall case law in the
Commonwealth is concerned. Further, and in any event, there are many
difficulties that such case law has not addressed. We are therefore not
persuaded by the reasons given in those judgments for the departure from the
requirement for consideration in the context of contractual variations or
modifications.

94 Fifthly (and this is a point that has been raised by many commentators with
regard to the decision in Antons Trawling ([67] supra)), the broader issue
that is raised is whether abolishing the requirement of consideration in the
context of contractual variation is the thin end of the legal wedge. Put
simply, why should the doctrine of consideration not be abolished with regard
to the formation of contracts as well if the doctrine is indeed abolished in
the context of contractual variations (see, for example, Ulyatt at p 1395;
Scott at pp 215−216; Lee at p 199 (and, by the same author, Consideration at
para 04.060); as well as Marcus Roberts, “Variation contracts in Australia and
New Zealand: whither consideration?” (2017) 17 OUCLJ 238 at pp 257–258)? That
is a valid question to raise and brings us back – full circle once again – to
the more general issue as to whether or not the doctrine of consideration as a
whole should be abolished (which is a point which we have already dealt with
above as well as in the coda to Gay Choon Ing ([2] supra) many years earlier).

95 For the reasons set out above, the appellant’s argument on this particular
issue must fail as well.

Conclusion

96 We accordingly dismissed the appeal. We awarded the respondent costs fixed
at $38,000, inclusive of disbursements. The usual consequential orders
applied.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Tay Yong Kwang Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Lim Shi Zheng Lucas (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the
appellant;

Tan Kheng Ann Alvin (Wong Thomas & Leong) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 29 Oct 2020 (22:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

