Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 15

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9255 of 2018

Between

| Bong Sim Swan, Suzanna  
---|---  
  
… Appellant in HC/MA 9255/2018/01

  
and HC/MA 9255/2018/04

… Respondent in HC/MA 9255/2018/02

  
and HC/MA 9255/2018/03

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent in HC/MA 9255/2018/01

  
and HC/MA 9255/2018/04

… Appellant in HC/MA 9255/2018/02

  
and HC/MA 9255/2018/03

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Assault] — [Maid abuse]  
[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Relevance of uncharged
offending conduct]  
[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Compensation and costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Bong Sim Swan Suzanna

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGHC 15

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9255 of 2018  
Chua Lee Ming J  
22 July 2019; 11 November 2019

22 January 2020

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 Mdm Bong Sim Swan Suzanna (“the Accused”) was tried and convicted in the
District Court on the following charge (“the Charge”):

You … are charged that you, on the 17th day of May 2015, at Blk 453D Fernvale
Road #23-547, Singapore 794453, being the employer of a domestic maid named
Than Than Soe, did voluntarily cause hurt to the said Than Than Soe, to wit,
by using a glass medicated oil bottle to hit her a few times on her left
cheek, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 323
read with Section 73(1)(a) and Section 73(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev. Ed.).

2 She was sentenced to 20 months’ imprisonment and ordered to pay a
compensation sum of $38,540.40 (in default, seven weeks’ imprisonment) to the
domestic maid, Ms Than Than Soe (“the Victim”). The Accused appealed against
conviction and sentence, as well as the compensation order. The Prosecution
appealed against the sentence and the compensation order.

3 I dismissed the Accused’s appeal against conviction but allowed her appeals
against sentence and the compensation order. I reduced the sentence of
imprisonment to eight months and the compensation sum to $1,000 (in default,
three days’ imprisonment). I dismissed the Prosecution’s appeals.

Background

4 At all material times, the Accused was the employer of the Victim, a Myanmar
national. The Victim began working for the Accused in May 2013, first, at the
home of the Accused’s parents in Yishun (“the Yishun flat”), and subsequently,
at the Accused’s own flat at Blk 453D Fernvale Road #23-547, Singapore 794453
(“the Fernvale flat”). According to the Agreed Statement of Facts, the Accused
was 45 years old and the Victim was 27 years old as at 6 July 2017. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit PS1 (Record of Appeal (“ROA”), vol 2, pp 752–754).

5 On 18 May 2015, at about 9.51am, the Victim called the Police “999” hotline
stating: “My madam always beat me. Please help me. No need ambulance”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Exhibit P1 (ROA, vol 2, p 755).

The incident was alleged to have taken place at the Fernvale flat.

6 Two police officers responded to the report and went to the Fernvale flat.
The Victim was brought to the police station and three photographs were taken
of a bruise on her face. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Exhibit P3 (ROA, vol 2, pp 757–758).

7 On the same day, the Victim was brought to Khoo Teck Puat Hospital (“KTPH”)
for medical attention. In a report dated 23 July 2015, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Exhibit P4 (ROA, vol 2, p759).

Dr Kolhe Lokesh Krishnaji, a Resident Physician at the Acute and Emergency
Care Centre of KTPH, stated that on examination, the Victim had a 3 cm bruise
on her left zygoma that was tender. She was diagnosed as having suffered a
contusion secondary to the alleged assault. The Victim was discharged the same
day.

8 After spending one night at the police station, the Victim was sent to the
Good Shepherd Centre where she remained until the trial. The Good Shepherd
Centre provides shelter and help to women who have been abused. Whilst at the
Good Shepherd Centre, the Victim was brought to see an optician because she
could not read some documents that she was required to sign. The optician
suggested that the Victim should see an eye specialist in hospital.

9 On 25 May 2015, the Victim was brought to KTPH where she was examined by Dr
Tan Sye Nee. The medical report dated 27 July 2017 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Exhibit P8 (ROA, vol 2, p 765).

stated that the Victim complained of blurring of vision for two years and that
her left eye was in constant pain and had watery discharge. The Victim was
also reviewed by an eye doctor who found that her left eye had “remnant vision
of 5% with likely traumatic blindness”. Her right eye was “thought to have
cataract”. The Victim was discharged with a follow up appointment. According
to the Victim, KTPH scheduled an operation a month later. The Sisters at the
Good Shepherd Centre felt that the Victim should not wait for a month for her
operation and decided to bring her to the National University Hospital
(“NUH”).

10 On 1 June 2015, the Victim was brought to NUH where she was examined by a
doctor in the Emergency Department and a doctor from the Department of
Ophthalmology. The next day, she was examined by Dr Chee Ka Lin Caroline (“Dr
Chee”), Head of Vitreoretinal Service in the Department of Ophthalmology at
NUH. The Victim was found to have serious problems with her eyes. She had
cataract and mild vitreous haemorrhage in both eyes. In addition, the left eye
had a subtotal retinal detachment (three-quarters or more of the retina had
detached) associated with a retinal dialysis (ie, a retinal tear). The Victim
was told she needed surgery.

11 Between 3 June 2015 and 9 November 2016, the Victim underwent six
operations to treat her eyes. The operations included one to repair a macular
hole, which was discovered during the first operation. The macular is the
centre part of the retina. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA, vol 1, p 302 lines 20-21.

12 In her report dated 28 September 2017, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Exhibit P9 (ROA, vol 2, pp 766–770).

Dr Chee set out the findings on examination of the Victim, the operations that
the Victim underwent, and concluded as follows:

(a) The Victim’s right eye had recovered near normal vision although she
required spectacles to see clearly. The amount of disability was estimated at
22% loss. There was a good probability that this eye would remain with good
vision in the long term; there was however a risk that she may develop
glaucoma (which can result in loss of vision) in the future.

(b) The left eye had reduced vision, with a disability calculated at 48% loss.
There was permanent visual loss because of damage to the retina and macular
hole as a result of the retinal detachment. Dr Chee “hoped” that the vision in
the left eye would remain stable. The left eye also had a risk of developing
glaucoma with its attendant visual loss in the future.

13 By the time of the trial, the Victim had incurred medical expenses
amounting to $45,907.65. Of this amount, the Good Shepherd Centre paid
$19,329.10. Another $6,208.15 was paid by person/s unknown, leaving an amount
of $20,370.40 still owing to NUH.

14 The Accused did not pay the Victim her salary during her employment. The
Victim received her salary for two years, in a lump sum, at the Ministry of
Manpower some time after 17 May 2015.

Accused’s appeal against conviction

15 The evidence adduced at the trial is dealt with in detail in the District
Judge’s Ground’s of Decision (the “GD”): Public Prosecutor v Bong Sim Swan
Suzanna [2018] SGMC 75.

16 In brief, the Victim testified that four months after she was employed, the
Accused began finding fault with her. Scoldings developed into incidents of
violence, such as hitting her, pulling her ear and punching her eye. The
Victim also testified that the Accused would slap her and pull her hair “two
to three times a week”.

17 The Victim testified to the following incidents at the Yishun flat:

(a) The Accused punched her eyes, causing a blood vessel in her eye to burst.
The Victim told the Accused’s mother who took her to an optician after the
redness in the Victim’s eye had subsided.

(b) The Accused hit her with a slipper, after she overslept.

(c) The Accused rubbed her face with curry, pulled her hair and slapped her
because she did not heat up the curry for dinner.

18 The Victim also testified to the following incidents at the Fernvale flat:

(a) The Accused continued to punch her eyes “every time [the Accused was]
angry”. This happened about two to three times a week. The Accused would punch
both eyes but mostly punched her left eye.

(b) Once, after the Accused returned from Korea, she told the Victim the
bathroom was not clean and pulled the Victim’s hair, kicked her waist, slapped
her face and punched her. The Victim’s nose bled.

19 With respect to the Charge, the Victim testified that she was having a very
bad headache on the day in question and applied medicated oil. When the
Accused returned, she complained that the “whole house was smelly”. The Victim
explained that she had applied medicated oil to her head. The Accused became
angry and used the base of the medicated oil bottle (which was made of glass)
to punch the Victim’s face, below her left eye, a few times. The Victim’s face
became blue-black below her eye and there was swelling.

20 The next day, after the Accused left for work, the Victim called the
police.

21 The Accused denied having physically abused the Victim. With respect to the
Charge, the Accused admitted she was angry at the Victim for taking her
medicated oil without permission but denied punching the Victim. The Accused
claimed that she merely asked the Victim to throw the empty medicated oil
bottle away.

22 After examining the evidence in detail, the District Judge preferred the
Victim’s testimony. She found the Victim to be a credible witness. She
accepted the Victim’s evidence that although not altogether a bad employer,
the Accused was “maybe one day good, happy and the next day, … unhappy and
angry”.

23 The Accused submitted that the District Judge erred in that

(a) she relied on uncharged offences to convict the Accused;

(b) her finding that the Victim’s evidence was internally and externally
consistent was against the weight of the evidence; and

(c) her rejection of the evidence of the Accused and the Accused’s mother was
against the weight of the evidence.

24 I rejected the Accused’s submissions.

25 First, the District Judge correctly noted that notwithstanding the past
instances of physical abuse alleged by the Victim, she needed to be satisfied
that the Accused did cause hurt to the Victim on 17 May 2015 by using a glass
medicated oil bottle to hit the Victim’s face, as stated in the Charge. The
District Judge treated the Victim’s testimony of past instances of physical
abuse as evidence of the background to the incident in the Charge; she did not
rely on the past incidents to convict the Accused.

26 The Accused submitted that by relying on the past incidents in her
assessment of the credibility of the Accused and the Victim, the District
Judge had committed an error of law in that she had relied on uncharged
offences to convict the Accused. I disagreed with the Accused’s submission. In
my view, the District Judge was entitled to rely on the past incidents in
assessing the credibility of the witnesses, including the accused and the
victim. The background to an alleged offence may but need not necessarily
involve facts which could constitute separate offences. A judge is entitled to
take all such facts into consideration in assessing the credibility of the
witnesses, including the accused and the victim. I saw no reason why the
consideration of background facts in assessing credibility should depend on
whether these facts could constitute separate offences. I note also that under
ss 14 and 15 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), the accused’s acts on
occasions other than the one which gave rise to the charged offence, are
admissible to prove his guilt in appropriate circumstances: see Jeffrey
Pinsler, SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2015) at
para 3.001.

27 There is also case precedent which supports the proposition that all
background facts can be considered in assessing the credibility of the
witnesses, including the accused and the victim. In PP v Rosman bin Anwar
[2015] SGHC 247, the accused persons (who were husband and wife) were
convicted on charges of voluntarily causing hurt to their domestic maid. The
victim testified that the accused persons inflicted hurt on her frequently but
she could only remember four specific incidents which together formed the
subject-matter of the charges against the accused persons. The victim kept a
diary which detailed some other undated incidents in which she was slapped or
verbally abused by the accused persons. Further, in their statements to the
police, the accused persons’ two sons also stated that their parents slapped
the victim “two to three times” a week, although they later denied this at
trial. The accused persons claimed that they had treated the victim well at
all times. The High Court decided as follows (at [32]):

The District Judge thought that [the diary] and the police statements of the
accused persons’ two sons corroborated the complainant’s testimony … I think
that he was correct to take that view. Even though neither [the diary] nor the
two sons’ statements point directly towards the specific instances of
infliction of hurt that were the subject-matter of the charges against both
accused, they strongly suggest that the accused persons sought to suppress the
truth in advancing their version of events, which was that they had treated
the complainant well at all times. This suggests, in turn, that the
complainant’s account of having been abused generally is true, and that
increases the likelihood that her account of specific occurences of abuse is
also true. …

28 Second, the District Judge found the Victim’s evidence to be internally and
externally consistent. She accepted that there were some discrepancies in the
Victim’s evidence but concluded that they did not affect the credibility of
the Victim. She also rejected the evidence of the Accused and her mother. The
District Judge found the Accused’s evidence to be unsatisfactory in some
material respects; certain aspects of her evidence were also contradicted by
the Accused’s mother. The District Judge found that the Accused’s mother was
not an objective witness. In my view, for the reasons stated in the GD, the
District Judge’s findings cannot be said to be plainly wrong or against the
weight of the evidence.

29 The Accused also submitted that the District Judge disregarded several of
her submissions that dealt with the Victim’s credibility. In my view, there
was no basis for this submission. The substance of the Accused’s submissions
were addressed by the District Judge in her GD.

30 I saw no reason for appellate intervention and accordingly, I dismissed the
Accused’s appeal against her conviction.

Appeals against sentence

31 An offence of voluntarily causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code is
punishable with imprisonment of up to two years, or with fine of up to $5,000,
or with both. Pursuant to s 73(2) of the Penal Code, where the victim is a
domestic maid and the offender is the employer or a member of the employer’s
household, the court may sentence the offender to one and a half times the
amount of punishment that he would otherwise have been liable for under s 323.

32 The Accused argued that the sentence of 20 months’ imprisonment was
manifestly excessive and submitted that she should be given the maximum fine
of $5,000 instead. On the other hand, the Prosecution argued that the sentence
was manifestly inadequate and submitted that the Accused should be given the
maximum sentence of three years’ imprisonment provided under s 323 read with s
73(2) of the Penal Code.

The Tay Wee Kiat framework

33 In Tay Wee Kiat and another v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 4
SLR 1315 (“Tay Wee Kiat”), a three-Judge High Court set out the following
sentencing framework to be applied in cases of domestic maid abuse (at
[70]–[75]):

(a) The court first determines whether the harm caused to the victim was
predominantly physical or both physical and psychological. If the harm was
predominantly physical, the court should consider the degree of harm as well
as other aggravating and mitigating factors in determining the appropriate
sentence, bearing in mind other maid abuse precedents and that a custodial
sentence is almost invariably warranted in cases of domestic maid abuse where
there has been any manner of physical abuse.

(b) Where the harm was both physical and psychological, the court identifies
the degree of harm caused in relation to each charge. The court next
determines an indicative sentence based on the following table:

| Less serious physical harm| More serious physical harm  
---|---|---  
Less serious psychological harm| 3–6 months’ imprisonment| 6–18 months’
imprisonment  
More serious psychological harm| 6–18 months’ imprisonment| 20–30 months’
imprisonment  
  
The court then adjusts the sentence for each charge in the light of other
aggravating or mitigating circumstances.

(c) Finally the court decides which sentences to run consecutively and which
concurrently, in accordance with the principles set out in Mohamed Shouffee
bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 at [27]–[82].

The approach taken by the District Judge

34 In sentencing the Accused, the District Judge first concluded that she
could not exclude the surrounding circumstances of the offence, including the
details of the past instances of abuse. Consequently, she took into
consideration the facts relating to the past instances of abuse. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

GD, at [93].

35 The District Judge next took into consideration the following injuries
suffered by the Victim (“the Injuries”): 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

GD, at [99].

(a) Retinal detachment in the left eye as a result of retinal dialysis.

(b) Bilateral vitreous haemorrhage in both eyes.

(c) Bilateral posterior subcapsular cataracts in both eyes.

(d) Macular hole in the left eye.

36 Based on the above injuries, the District Judge concluded that the physical
harm caused to the Victim fell within the “more serious physical harm”
category in the Tay Wee Kiat framework. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD, at [101].

37 As for psychological harm, the District Judge found that although the
Victim worked in an exploitative and abusive environment, there was no
evidence that the Victim had been subjected to humiliating or degrading
treatment that stripped her of her basic dignity as a human being. The
District Judge concluded that the degree of psychological harm was at the
higher end of the range in the “less serious psychological harm” category. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD, at [106].

38 Applying the Tay Wee Kiat framework, the District Judge arrived at an
indicative sentence of between 15 and 18 months’ imprisonment. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD, at [106].

The District Judge then decided on a final sentence of 20 months’ imprisonment
after taking into consideration the following: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

GD, at [107]–[109], [116].

(a) Aggravating circumstances:

(i) The Accused knew the Victim had been previously physically assaulted in
the facial and eye regions. The Accused would also have been aware that the
Victim was having problems with her eye because the Victim had complained to
her about her worsening eyesight. On 17 May 2015, the Accused chose to strike
the Victim on her face near her eye despite knowing of the previous assaults
to the same region, and despite having been put on notice that the Victim had
trouble seeing. The District Judge found the Accused’s culpability to be high.

(ii) The Accused had used a weapon (ie, the glass medicated oil bottle) and
the injury was inflicted on a vulnerable part of the Victim’s body (ie, the
face and eye area).

(b) Mitigating circumstances: The District Judge found no mitigating
circumstances.

The injuries from previous instances of abuse

39 Before me, it was common ground that as a general principle, an offender
may only be sentenced for offences of which he has been convicted and that in
doing so, regard may be had only to any other charges that the offender has
admitted to and consented to being taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing. This fundamental principle is well established: see Chua Siew Peng
v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 4 SLR 1247 (“Chua Siew Peng”)
and the cases referred to at [74]–[78]. Prior offending conduct for which no
charge has been brought is to be disregarded even if the offender has admitted
to such conduct: Chong Yee Ka v Public Prosecutor [2017] 4 SLR 309 (“Chong Yee
Ka”) at [47]; referred to in Chua Siew Peng at [77]. As the High Court
emphasised in Chua Siew Peng (at [78]), if the Prosecution wants the
sentencing court to consider past offending conduct, it must draw up the
necessary charge or charges in respect of that conduct after ascertaining that
there is sufficient evidence available to prove the charges. These charges (if
not proceeded with) may then be taken into consideration at the sentencing
stage if the accused admits these charges and consents to them being taken
into consideration.

40 However, in Chua Siew Peng, the court also held (at [84]) that a sentencing
court may take into consideration facts which have sufficient nexus to the
commission of the offence, irrespective of whether such facts could constitute
separate offences for which the accused was not charged. The court explained
that sufficient nexus will generally be present if it (a) concerns a fact in
the immediate circumstances of the charged offence, or (b) is a fact relevant
to the accused’s state of mind at the time the offence is committed. I
respectfully agree with the former and would emphasize that only facts
relating to the immediate background to the offence may be considered: see
Chong Yee Ka at [45], referred to in Chua Siew Peng at [83]. However, as
explained below, in my view, there are certain limitations to the latter
proposition.

41 In Chua Siew Peng, the accused was convicted of one charge for voluntarily
causing hurt to her domestic helper by slapping her, and of one charge for
wrongfully confining the domestic helper in her place of employment. In
sentencing her for the offence of voluntarily causing hurt, the court took
into consideration the fact that the accused had also pulled the victim’s
hair. The court found sufficient nexus to take the hair-pulling into account
because it was committed contemporaneously with the slap (at [87]). As for the
offence of wrongful confinement, the court held that the previous separate
instances of confinement over a period of 11 months did not have sufficient
nexus to the charged offence, which only related to confinement on a single
day (at [88]–[90]).

42 In the present case, the District Judge concluded that the physical harm
was “more serious” because she took the Injuries into consideration. She
acknowledged that the Accused had not been charged with any of the previous
incidents of abuse but concluded that they had sufficient nexus to the charged
offence. The District Judge gave two reasons.

43 First, the District Judge was of the view that the previous incidents
formed part of the circumstances surrounding the commission of the charged
offence. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD, at [86]–[87].

I disagreed with the District Judge’s conclusion.

44 The charge against the Accused related to her acts on 17 May 2015. The
previous incidents of abuse were separate incidents that took place before 17
May 2015. In fact, according to the Victim, the abuse started some four months
after she started working for the Accused in May 2013. Three of the specific
instances of abuse that the Victim testified to happened at the Yishun flat
(see [17] above).  None of the previous incidents of abuse could be said to
relate to the immediate circumstances or immediate background to the charged
offence. In the same way that the previous instances of confinement were not
taken into consideration in Chua Siew Peng, the previous instances of abuse in
the present case should not have been taken into consideration in sentencing
the Accused.

45 Second, the District Judge agreed with the Prosecution that the frequent
abuse was responsible for the Victim’s “enfeebled physical state”, and made
the Victim “especially susceptible to further injury at the time when the
final blows were struck by the Accused on 17 May 2015”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD, at [89].

The District Judge concluded that the Accused’s acts on 17 May 2015 actually
caused further injury in the form of blindness.

46 The Victim’s problems with her vision were a consequence of the Injuries.
However, the evidence did not show that the Accused’s acts on 17 May 2015
caused the Injuries. Dr Chee’s evidence was that:

(a) the retinal detachment (which was the main injury relied upon by the
Prosecution) probably happened “at least 3 to 4 weeks, as long as several
months” before she examined the Victim on 2 June 2015; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA, vol 1, p 302 lines 5–12, p 343 lines 15–16.

(b) the Victim’s type of cataract usually did not occur immediately, it was
“unlikely that it would have happened, say, 1 or 2 weeks ago”, and it was
“probably longer than that”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROA, vol 1, p 320 line 25 to p 321 line 2.

47 The Victim herself gave a history of blindness in her left eye, which began
five months earlier and had been worsening. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Exhibit P9 (ROA, vol 2, p 766).

48 As for the District Judge’s reference to the Victim’s susceptibility to
further injury on 17 May 2015, that seemed to be a reference to the thin skull
rule. The thin skull rule (also known as the eggshell skull rule) is a
relevant consideration when sentencing an offender for criminal negligence:
Public Prosecutor v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661 at [75]. I agreed with the
Prosecution that it should also be a relevant consideration in sentencing
offenders for causing hurt under s 323. However, all that the rule does is to
allow the court to take into account the full extent of the harm caused by a
particular criminal act, even though part of the harm would not have been
suffered but for the victim’s pre-existing conditions before the criminal act
was inflicted. In the context of the present case, this means there must be a
causative link between the Accused’s acts on 17 May 2015 and the Injuries.

49 However, as already mentioned, there was no evidence that any of the
Injuries were caused by the Accused’s acts on 17 May 2015. This was not a case
where the Accused’s acts on 17 May 2015 had caused the retina to detach or had
made the retinal detachment worse. Had that been the case, it would not have
been a defence for the Accused to say that her acts on 17 May 2015 would not
have caused the retinal detachment or made it worse, but for the fact that the
Victim already had a tear in her retina or a retinal detachment.

50 The evidence was that the retinal detachment was a pre-existing condition,
having occurred before the incident on 17 May 2015. The cataracts too were
pre-existing conditions. The retinal detachment and cataracts may have been
caused by the previous instances of abuse but the Accused had not been charged
for those previous instances.

51 Further, although Dr Chee acknowledged that it was “possible” that the
incident on 17 May 2015 could have made the Injuries worse, she was unable to
say that it did since she did not have the opportunity to examine the Victim
before the 17 May 2015 incident. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROA, vol 1, p 331 lines 24–26.

The Victim was brought to NUH and examined by Dr Chee only two weeks after the
17 May 2015 incident. In my view, Dr Chee’s evidence was not sufficient to
prove that the acts on 17 May 2015 did make the Victim’s existing condition
worse. Dr Chee’s evidence therefore did not establish a causative link between
the 17 May 2015 incident and the Injuries. In my view, the evidence did not
support the District Judge’s conclusion that the 17 May 2015 incident caused
further injury to the Victim in the form of blindness.

52 Accordingly, in my view, it was wrong to sentence the Accused by taking
into account the Injuries. To do so was to punish her for the previous
instances of abuse when she had not been charged for them.

The Accused’s knowledge of the previous injuries

53 As stated at [38(a)(i)] above, one of the aggravating factors that the
District Judge took into consideration was the fact that on 17 May 2015, the
Accused chose to strike the Victim on her face near her eye despite knowing of
the previous assaults to the same region, and despite having been put on
notice that the Victim had trouble seeing. In choosing to strike the Victim at
the same facial area, the Accused increased the risk of greater injury to the
Victim’s eye. The Accused’s knowledge or awareness meant that her culpability
was therefore higher.

54 In considering the Accused’s knowledge based on the previous assaults, the
District Judge relied on the proposition in Chua Siew Peng that previous
conduct (for which the offender had not been charged) can be taken into
consideration if the facts are relevant to the accused’s state of mind at the
time the offence is committed (see [40] above). As stated earlier, in my view,
there are certain limitations to this proposition.

55 In Chua Siew Peng, the accused had confined the victim in her apartment.
The victim decided to run away. She climbed out of a window and jumped onto
the rooftop of an adjacent building, suffering multiple fractures in her feet
and ankles in the process. At the trial, the evidence revealed that the victim
had been wrongfully confined on other occasions prior to the date specified in
the charge. The court held that these previous instances of confinement, for
which the accused had not been charged, could not be taken into consideration
when sentencing the accused for the charged offence, which only related to
confinement on a single day. However, the court went on to hold (at [91] and
[94]) that

(a) the accused’s knowledge of the previous instances of confinement was
relevant to the consequence of the offence as well as the accused’s state of
mind at the time she committed the charged offence;

(b) the past instances of confinement made the victim’s mental state more
vulnerable;

(c) the accused must have been aware of the previous long periods of
confinement and abusive treatment that the victim was continuously subjected
to;

(d) the wrongful confinement (that the accused was charged for) led to the
victim jumping out of the residence to escape from her wrongful confinement,
and thereby suffering serious injuries; and

(e) since the accused knowingly committed the charged offence on a victim with
a significantly weakened mental state, her culpability was to that extent
greater.

56 The court reasoned (at [92]) that the above approach did not indirectly
take into account uncharged offences because the outcome would have been the
same even if the previous instances of confinement had been committed by a
third party and not the accused. The focus was solely on the accused’s
awareness of the victim’s weakened mental state when she committed the offence
for which she was charged.

57 I agreed with the statement in Chua Siew Peng that the accused’s knowledge
of the victim’s vulnerability was a relevant consideration for purposes of
sentencing. In Chua Siew Peng, the accused’s knowledge of the victim’s
vulnerability was based on the accused’s knowledge of the previous instances
of confinement. However, the court did not explain the basis upon which the
accused was said to have been aware of the previous confinements.

58 In my view, the basis for the accused’s knowledge of the victim’s
vulnerability is important. That knowledge should not be taken into
consideration unless it can be established independently of any potentially
criminal conduct for which the accused has not been charged. In other words,
that knowledge cannot be based solely on the fact that the accused had
committed the previous acts for which she had not been charged. It seems to me
that where such knowledge is attributed to the accused solely from the fact
that the accused had committed the previous acts (for which she had not been
charged), reliance on such knowledge would be no different from taking the
previous acts into consideration.

59 The principle that a sentencing judge must take into account all
circumstances relevant to the commission of the offence is subject to the more
fundamental principle that a person cannot be punished for an offence that he
has not been charged with. When the two principles conflict, the latter must
in appropriate circumstances hold sway, since it is neither fair nor just to
sentence a person for an offence with which he has never been charged or
convicted: R v Newman and Turnbull [1997] 1 VR 146 at 150, cited in Chua Siew
Peng at [79]. This is why a sentencing court cannot take the accused’s
knowledge of previous offending conduct into account if such knowledge exists
simply because the accused committed the prior offending acts for which he has
not been charged.

60 Turning then to the facts of the present case, in my view, it was wrong to
take into consideration the Accused’s knowledge of the Victim’s vulnerability
to further strikes on her face near her eye, if such knowledge was based
solely on the fact that the Accused had previously struck the Victim in the
same place.

61 That said, I agreed with the District Judge that the Accused’s awareness of
the Victim’s worsening eyesight, based on the Victim’s complaints, was an
aggravating factor that could be taken into consideration. Reliance on the
Victim’s complaints of her worsening eyesight did not require the court to
take the previous assaults into consideration.

Applying the Tay Wee Kiat framework to the facts

62 On the evidence, the only injury that could be said to have been caused by
the Accused’s acts on 17 May 2015 was the bruise on the Victim’s face. For
purposes of the Tay Wee Kiat framework, the physical harm therefore had to be
in the “less serious” category. I agreed with the District Judge that the
psychological harm was also in the “less serious” category. I saw no reason to
disturb the District Judge’s finding that the Accused’s treatment of the
victim was not particularly humiliating or degrading. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

GD, at [104].

Applying the Tay Wee Kiat framework, the appropriate indicative sentence in
this case was five months’ imprisonment.

63 I agreed with the District Judge’s finding that there were no mitigating
factors in this case. The District Judge found no evidence that the Accused
was suffering from any disorder at the time of the offence. Her finding was
fully justified.

64 In my view, the indicative sentence of five months’ imprisonment ought to
be adjusted upwards by an additional three months, after taking into
consideration the following aggravating factors:

(a) the Accused’s awareness of the Victim’s worsening eyesight based on the
Victim’s complaints of the same;

(b) the fact that the Accused had used a weapon to inflict injury on a
vulnerable part of the Victim’s body.

I therefore imposed a final sentence of eight months’ imprisonment.

Appeals against the compensation order

65 The District Judge ordered the Accused to pay a total amount of $38,540.40
comprising:

(a) $20,370.40 being the balance unpaid medical expenses. The District Judge
rejected the Prosecution’s submission that a compensation order should be made
in favour of the Good Shepherd Centre for the amount paid by the Centre;

(b) $10,000 for pain and suffering; and

(c) $8,170 being the Victim’s loss of prospective earnings, computed at $430
per month for 19 months. The District Judge computed the 19 months from May
2015 (when the incident in the Charge occurred) to November 2016 (when the
last surgical procedure was carried out).

66 Section 359(1) CPC provides as follows:

359.––(1) The court before which a person is convicted of any offence shall,
after the conviction, consider whether or not to make an order for the payment
by that person of a sum to be fixed by the court by way of compensation to the
person injured, or his representative, in respect of his person, character or
property by ––

(a) the offence or offences for which the sentence is passed; and

(b) any offence that has been taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing only.

67 The Accused was convicted of the sole offence of voluntarily causing hurt
to the Victim on 17 May 2015. The Accused was not charged for any of the
previous acts of abuse. Therefore, the compensation order can be made only in
respect of injury caused by the Accused’s acts on 17 May 2015.

68 I had concluded that based on the evidence, the only injury that could be
said to have been caused by the Accused’s acts on 17 May 2015 was the bruise
below the Victim’s left eye (at [62] above). The compensation order made by
the District Judge was in respect of the previous injuries which had not been
shown to have a nexus to the offence for which the Accused was convicted.
There was no evidence of any medical expenses incurred or any loss of earnings
suffered as a result of the bruise suffered on 17 May 2015. Accordingly, I set
aside the District Judge’s compensation order.

69 However, I ordered the Accused to pay the Victim the sum of $1,000 (in
default, 3 days imprisonment) by way of compensation for pain and suffering in
respect of the bruise.

70 I would only add that in any event, I agreed with the District Judge that s
359 CPC did not give her the power to make a compensation order in favour of
the Good Shepherd Centre in respect of the medical expenses paid by the
Centre. Section 359 provides for payment of compensation to “the person
injured, or his representative”. It was clear that the Good Shepherd Centre
was neither. It might have been different if the Good Shepherd Centre had
loaned the money to the Victim to enable her to pay her medical expenses.
However, on the evidence, this was not the case.

Conclusion

71 For the reasons set out above, I

(a) dismissed the Accused’s appeal against conviction;

(b) allowed the Accused’s appeal against sentence, set aside the sentence of
20 months’ imprisonment and substituted in its place a sentence of eight
months’ imprisonment;

(c) dismissed the Prosecution’s appeal against sentence;

(d) allowed the Accused’s appeal against the compensation order, set aside the
compensation order of $38,540.40 and substituted in its place a compensation
order for the sum of $1,000;

(e) dismissed the Prosecution’s appeal against the compensation order.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Sui Yi Siong and Koh Swee Huang Flora (Eversheds Harry Elias LLP) for the
appellant in MA 9255/2018/01 and MA 9255/2018/04 and the respondent in MA
9255/2018/02 and MA 9255/2018/03;  
Mohamed Faizal and Li Yihong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent
in MA 9255/2018/01 and MA 9255/2018/04 and  
the appellant in MA 9255/2018/02 and MA 9255/2018/03.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

