Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 112

Criminal Motion No 6 of 2020

Between

| Daniel De Costa Augustin  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Criminal Motion]

[Constitutional Law] — [Equality before the law]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Daniel De Costa Augustin

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGHC 112

High Court — Criminal Motion No 6 of 2020  
Aedit Abdullah J  
13 March, 2 April 2020

2 June 2020 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The Applicant filed this criminal motion pursuant to s 395(5) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Submissions dated 6 March 2020 (“AS”) at para 1

for an order requiring the State Court to refer a question of constitutional
law to the High Court. The Applicant named the Attorney-General (“AG”) as the
Respondent in the Notice of Motion; 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notice of Motion dated 28 January 2020

however, given that these were proceedings under the CPC arising from a
prosecution pursued by the Public Prosecutor (“PP”) in the State Courts below,
the proper Respondent should have had been the PP. Hence, although the
parties’ arguments refer to the AG, the title of the judgment and the text of
the judgment will refer to the PP, but no substantive difference results from
this.

2 Having considered the submissions, I am of the view that the motion should
be denied.

The Facts

3 The Applicant faces two charges in the State Courts. The first charge is for
defamation under s 500 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”)
(“Defamation Charge”), 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 6 March 2020 (“RS”) at para 3; AS at para 12

and the second is for an offence under s 3(1) of the Computer Misuse Act (Cap
50A, 2007 Rev Ed) (“CMA Charge”) for logging into an email account to send an
email without the consent of its owner. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RS at para 3

4 The Prosecution’s case in the State Courts is that the Applicant accessed
another person’s email account without consent and sent an email to The Online
Citizen, alleging that there was corruption at the highest echelons, and
signing off the email in the name of the email owner (“Email”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RS at para 3

The Email is alleged to have had defamed members of the Cabinet. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

RS at para 3

5 The Applicant contends that his email merely repeated allegations made by Mr
Lee Hsien Yang and Dr Lee Wei Ling, siblings of the Prime Minister (“PM’s
siblings”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AS at para 14

His email was based on the PM’s sibling’s statements (“Statements”), which had
been ventilated in public and discussed in parliament. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RS at paras 15 to 16

Hence, the Applicant takes issue that he was prosecuted while the PM’s
siblings were not prosecuted. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AS at para 17

6 The Applicant thus filed an application in the State Court under s 395(2)(a)
of the CPC to refer to the High Court a question relating to Art 23 and 24 of
the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint)
(“Constitution”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RS at para 5

The question was revised by the Applicant without leave of court, but this
revised question was dismissed. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RS at para 5; RBOA at Tab 25

7 A second application under s 395(2)(a) CPC was made to the State Court, this
time raising an issue concerning Art 12 of the Constitution (“the second
application”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

RS at para 5

8 The Applicant then subsequently amended the question in the second
application without leave of court. The original question intended to be posed
to the High Court in the second application was (“Original Question”): 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities (“RBOA”) at Tab 24, p 677

Whether the prosecution of [the Applicant] contravenes the Constitutional
provision for ‘equal[ity] before the law’ enshrined in Article 12(1) of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore, in light of the non-prosecution of
[the PM’s siblings] for a similar offence, pertaining to a similar subject
matter, and having regard to the decision of the Court of Appeal in Ramalingam
Ravinthran v Attorney General [2012] 2 SLR 49.

9 This was then subsequently revised to read (“Revised Question”): 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

RBOA at Tab 27 para 4; RS at para 7

Whether the prosecution of [the Applicant] contravenes Article 12(1) of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore, in light of the non-prosecution of
[the PM’s siblings], for allegations of a similar, if not more serious nature
(that puts them in the position of potential defendants), pertaining to
similar subject matter.

10 The learned District Judge made his decision based on the Revised Question,
dismissing the second application, finding that the Revised Question was based
on a question of fact, not law, and that in any event, the issue had been
determined by the Court of Appeal in Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney General
[2012] 2 SLR 49 (“Ramalingam”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RS at para 9

11 The question before the court in this present s 395(5) CPC application is
the Revised Question. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RS at para 8

The Applicant’s Arguments

12 The Applicant argues that the court should grant the order and allow the
motion for the following reasons.

13 The AG’s prosecutorial discretion must be exercised in accordance with the
Constitution; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AS at para 29

there was prima facie breach of Art 12(1) of the Constitution due to the
choice of prosecuting the Applicant but not the PM’s siblings, who had made
similar or more severe allegations; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AS at para 30

and given the prima facie breach, the evidential burden is on the AG to
justify the exercise of his prosecutorial discretion (Ramalingam). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AS at para 54

14 Chee Soon Juan and another v Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2011] 2
SLR 940 (“Chee Soon Juan”) had set down a two-stage test to determine when
constitutional questions can be referred to the High Court. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AS at para 58

First, a constitutional question must have had arisen; and second, it must be
proper to state the case to the High Court. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AS at para 59

The requirements are fulfilled in this case.

15 First, the Revised Question concerns the interpretation or effect of a
constitutional provision (Art 12) which has arisen in the State Court
proceedings, and this question must be decided in order to decide if the
prosecution in the State Court was constitutional. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AS at paras 62 to 64

The Applicant argues relying on Gujarat Ginning and Manufacturing Company
Limited v Motilal Hirabhai Spinning and Manufacturing Company Limited LNIND
1935 BOM 164 (“Gujarat”) that inferences to be drawn from admitted or proved
facts is a question of law, and hence the Revised Question should be
characterised as a question of law. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s supplementary submissions titled “Expansion of arguments as to why
the Revised Question is a question of law which arises as to the effect of
Article 12 of the Constitution” (“ASS”) at para 1

16 Second, the judicial discretion should be exercised in favour of the
application as the State Court lacks the jurisdiction to deal with this
constitutional issue, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AS at paras 65 to 71

and the issue is novel and has not been dealt with before. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AS at paras 72 to 79

The question of whether it is unconstitutional to prosecute one person when
another person involved in a similar offence has not been prosecuted has only
arisen in obiter and not been directly addressed by the courts: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AS at para 74

Ramalingam ([10] above) was distinct from this case as it dealt with the
different issue of whether charging persons engaged in the same criminal
conduct with different offences contravened Art 12(1) of the Constitution; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AS at para 76

Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239 (“Phyllis
Tan”) was also distinct as it dealt with the issue of the limits to
prosecutorial power, specifically as to whether adducing of entrapment
evidence by the AG was an abuse of prosecutorial power; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AS at para 78

and Teh Cheng Poh v Public Prosecutor [1979] 1 MLJ 50 (“Teh Cheng Poh”) was
also distinct as it only considered the question of whether the AG had the
discretion to choose which offence to charge the accused with. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AS at para 77

17 Further, it is the first time that an issue on such facts has arisen (a
novel issue), raising the question of whether the Statements made by the PM’s
siblings should be seen as a family dispute or a criminal matter; it cannot be
regarded as a family dispute in relation to the PM’s siblings but a criminal
matter in relation to the Applicant. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ASS at para 2

18 In any case, the prohibition against questions that are not novel would not
operate in respect of questions concerning the effect of the Constitution, as
such question would have to take into account the unique nexus between the
effects of that provision to that set of facts. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AS at para 79

19 Finally, this application is not meant to circumvent the leave requirements
of judicial review. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AS at paras 80 to 90

The caution against using a s 395 CPC criminal motion as a backdoor to
judicial review, laid down in Chee Soon Juan ([14] above), was due to the
factual circumstances of that case, and do not apply to the present
application. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AS at paras 82 to 86

In any case, the Applicant has a right to state a case under s 395 CPC, and
the process of judicial review should not be an exclusive means by which the
Applicant can pursue his constitutional rights. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AS at paras 87 to 88

The Respondent’s Arguments

20 The Respondent argues that the criminal motion should be dismissed.

21 Section 395 CPC only allows a trial court to state to a superior court a
question of law. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RS at para 19

The Revised Question is not a question of law, but is factual in nature,
targeted to the facts of the case. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

RS at paras 20 to 21

The Applicant through a sleight of hand raises the new argument that
Ramalingam ([10] above) had not considered the issue of what constitutes a
“relevant factor” or an “unbiased consideration”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RS at para 27

However, this is necessarily a fact specific exercise. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

RS at para 27

It is not sufficient to just set out a new factual situation as different
factual matrices will always raise new factual issues, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RS at para 30

but the same legal principles should apply. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RS at para 30

22 Even if there is a question of law, the principles governing the exercise
of prosecutorial discretion have been conclusively enunciated by the Court of
Appeal in Ramalingam and apply to every prosecution. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RS at paras 22 to 26

They are settled and uncontroversial and no reference should be permitted
(Chee Soon Juan at [33]). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

RS at para 23

23 In any event, the Applicant has failed to meet his burden of proof of
showing prima facie that the AG had breached Art 12 of the Constitution in
prosecuting him. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

RS at para 32

The burden is on the Applicant to show that the AG failed to give unbiased
consideration to all relevant factors or took into account irrelevant
considerations such that no valid grounds exist for deciding to prosecute him
and not the PM’s siblings (Ramalingam at [51] and [70]). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

RS at paras 32 and 33

Without such prima facie evidence, the presumption would be that the AG’s
discretion was constitutionally exercised (Ramalingam at [44]). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

RS at para 33

Here, no evidence was produced by the Applicant to show that the AG considered
irrelevant factors. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

RS at para 34

Further, even if the Applicant has the same culpability as the PM’s siblings,
there are many other legitimate reasons to differentiate them; the mere fact
of different treatment of persons committing similar offences does not ipso
facto amount to prima facie unconstitutionality (Ramalingam at [70]). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

RS at para 35

24 In any case, clear differentiating factors exist between the Applicant and
the PM’s siblings. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

RS at para 36

The Respondent raises these by way of illustration but they were not
necessarily the factors that were determinative in the AG’s charging decision,
as there is no general duty on the part of the AG to disclose the reasons for
its prosecutorial discretion. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

RS at para 36

The differentiating factors are that: first, the Applicant had used another
person’s email account without consent, and signed off in that person’s name,
in sending the Email, hiding behind the cloak of anonymity; 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

RS at para 37

and second, the Applicant’s allegations related to the members of the Cabinet
whereas the PM’s siblings’ Statements centred on the family displeasure
between them and the Prime Minister. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

RS at para 38

25 Finally, the Respondent takes issue with the actions of the Applicant in
these proceedings. The Respondent argues that the claims here were
unmeritorious, frivolous and amounts to an abuse of process. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

RS at paras 40, 42

The Original Question was altered just two weeks after filing, into the
Revised Question, without obtaining leave of court. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

RS at paras 6, 7

This amendment conspicuously removed mention of the Court of Appeal decision
in Ramalingam. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

RS at para 10

The Respondent argues that this must have been because the Applicant knows
full well that any reference to Ramalingam would be a concession that the
question had been conclusively resolved in that case. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

RS at para 10

This highlights the absence of bona fides in the present application. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

RS at para 11

The criminal proceedings in the State Court below remain stuck due to
successive unmeritorious applications and the Applicant should not be
permitted to abuse court process to delay and frustrate proceedings any
further. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

RS at para 12

The Decision

26 I am satisfied that the application should be dismissed, as the Revised
Question only raises a factual question. Further, no novel constitutional
issue arises requiring the determination of a higher court, as the matter has
been well settled by Ramalingam.

The Statutory Framework

27 The direction before me is sought under s 395(5) CPC which states:

(5) If a trial court refuses to state a case under subsection (4), the
applicant may apply to the relevant court for an order to direct the trial
court to state the case.

28 This requirement was fulfilled as the State Court refused the second
application pursuant to s 395(4) CPC. Hence, the Applicant has a right to seek
a direction from the High Court under s 395(5) CPC.

29 The State Court’s determination was made under ss 395(1), 395(2)(a) and
395(4) CPC, and they are set out here for ease of reference:

395.—(1) A trial court hearing any criminal case, may on the application of
any party to the proceedings or on its own motion, state a case to the
relevant court on any question of law.

(2) Any application or motion made —

(a) on a question of law which arises as to the interpretation or effect of
any provision of the Constitution may be made at any stage of the proceedings
after the question arises and must set out the question to be referred to the
relevant court; …

…

(4) Notwithstanding subsection (3), the trial court may refuse to state a case
upon any application if it considers the application frivolous or without any
merit, but it must state a case if the application is made by the Public
Prosecutor.

The Standard of Review to be applied

30 The High Court’s approval of a s 395(5) CPC application to direct the State
Court to refer a constitutional question effectively reverses the State
Court’s decision under s 395(4) CPC. This raises the issue of whether any
deference should be accorded to the State Court’s decision, and if so, what
the standard of review should be. There appears to be no clear pronouncement
in Singapore on the standard of review to be applied.

31 The parties do not submit on this issue. The Respondent submits that the
principles which guide the trial court in deciding whether to state a case
under s 395(2)(a) should equally apply under s 395(5) CPC. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

RS at para 15

The Applicant does not take issue with this, and the parties both rely on the
case of Chee Soon Juan ([14] above) which had set out the framework for an
application under s 395(2)(a) ([14] and [22] above). However, these
submissions do not directly address the issue of standard of review, and this
was also not explicitly addressed by Chee Soon Juan.

32 The jurisdiction exercisable by the High Court in a s 395(5) CPC
application appears to be a sui generis statutory jurisdiction; it is neither
part of the court’s revisionary nor appellate jurisdiction, as these are
specifically dealt with in other divisions of the CPC: under Part XX Division
1 labelled “Appeals” and Part XX Divisions 3 and 4 labelled “Revision…”. In
contrast, s 395 CPC falls under Part XX Division 2, labelled “Points
reserved”. Indeed, this present proceeding was filed as a criminal motion and
not as a criminal revision or appeal. The court’s jurisdiction under s 395(5)
CPC is hence best characterised as a form of supervisory jurisdiction, similar
to that for bail applications.

33 A de novo standard of review should be applied. This was implicit in the
approach taken by the High Court in Chee Soon Juan, although the court did not
explicitly address the issue of standard of review. There, the High Court
considered the similar issue of whether the District Court had correctly
refused an application under s 56A of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321,
2007 Rev Ed) (“SCA”) to refer a question of constitutional law to the High
Court. The High Court found that s 56A SCA was the predecessor to s 395(2)(a)
CPC, and went on to lay down a two-step framework on how the State Courts
should decide s 395(2)(a) applications (Chee Soon Juan at [29] to [33]). The
High Court then went on to apply the two-step framework and concluded that the
District Court in that case had correctly refused the s 56A SCA application
(at [34]). Importantly, the High Court stated:

… I am of the view that the trial [j]udges made the correct decisions not to
stay the respective criminal proceedings in the courts below in order to refer
the purported constitutional challenges to the High Court. I make no specific
observation on the reasoning relied upon by the trial [j]udges to come to
their respective decisions. I will however explain why there was indeed no
necessity to stay the criminal proceedings to refer the purported
constitutional questions to the High Court for determination.

34 This passage shows that the High Court did not give any weight to the
reasoning of the trial judge in its decision to deny the s 56A SCA
application. Instead, the High Court reached its own independent decision on
its own reasons, applying the two-step framework that it had proposed.

35 I adopt the approach of Chee Soon Juan in the present case. The issue
should be decided de novo, applying the same two-step framework that the trial
court should have had applied. The standard of review applicable for criminal
revisions (grave and serious injustice) and for criminal appeals (such as
wrong decision as to factual matrix; error in appreciating the material; wrong
in principle; or manifest error) would not apply in the present case.

Procedural Irregularity

36 I briefly address a procedural irregularity before going into the merits of
the application. The Respondent emphasises that the Applicant had amended the
question intended to be referred from the Original Question to the Revised
Question, without leave of court, removing the reference to Ramalingam (above
at [25]).

37 The reference question submitted to the court should not be amended without
leave of the court. While this is not expressly stated in s 395 CPC, there
should not be any confusion or doubt about what it is the court should
consider, and what the other side is to respond to. Once submitted, any
amendment or variation should be raised to the court first. The court should
generally allow such change unless injustice or prejudice would occur, such as
undue or prolonged delay, or if there has been constant vacillation in the
reference question. The merits and likely success of the question posed will
also be material.

38 The Applicant’s unauthorised amendment in this case did not cause
substantial injustice as the State Court had been content to proceed on the
Revised Question, and this is the same question before me now ([10] and [11]
above). However, in future cases, the court’s leave should be sought before
any such amendment. Any unpermitted amendment may lead to the application for
reference being dismissed on grounds of abuse of process.

39 This irregularity seems to be brought up by the Respondent primarily in
order to seek costs against Applicant’s counsel, by arguing that he lacks bona
fides. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

RS at para 11

The impact on costs will be considered further below.

Analysis of the Revised Question

40 The two-step framework in Chee Soon Juan ([14] above) (at [30] to [33]) was
as follows:

(a) First, the court should characterise the factual matrix and arguments to
determine whether a question (of law) concerning the interpretation or effect
of a constitutional provision arises, and whether it is relevant to the
determination of the criminal proceedings. The burden is on the party seeking
the reference to show that such a relevant question has indeed arisen.

(b) Second, the court should assess if the question is appropriate to be
referred. The question should be a novel legal issue which has not been
settled by a superior court. A new factual situation would not be sufficient
as new fact permutations will always arise, and in such cases the settled
principles can just be applied or extrapolated. The court should also consider
the merits of the reference question to determine if it is a genuine one, or a
frivolous one meant merely to delay proceedings. The discretion of the court
is properly exercised by not referring questions which are frivolous, made for
collateral purposes, to delay, or are otherwise an abuse of process. The
reference should also not be used as a backdoor to circumvent the leave
requirements for judicial review.

41 The Chee Soon Juan framework can be further distilled down into the
following issues which will be discussed in turn:

(a) Whether the question is relevant;

(b) Whether the question raises a novel question of law concerning the
interpretation or effect of a constitutional provision;

(c) Whether the application lacks merit; and

(d) Whether the application is frivolous or to delay proceedings;

Whether the question is relevant

42 The Revised Question appears to be relevant. The Respondent does not take
issue with this. A positive answer to the Revised Question, finding that the
prosecution of the Applicant contravened Art 12(1) of the Constitution, will
affect the determination of the case against the Applicant.

Whether the question raises a novel question of law

43 I find that the Revised Question does not raise any new legal question
concerning the interpretation or effect of a constitutional provision.

(1) The legal distinction between fact and law

44 The distinction between fact and law has been laid down by the Court of
Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Teo Chu Ha [2014] 4 SLR 600 (“Teo Chu Ha”) (at
[31] to [32]):

31 …As a matter of principle, the courts must determine whether there is
sufficient generality embedded within a proposition posed by the question
which is more than just descriptive but also contains normative force for it
to qualify as question of law; a question which has, at its heart, a
proposition which is descriptive and specific to the case at hand is merely a
question of fact…

32 ...one useful way of testing the substance of the question is to consider
the arguments in support of an answer to the proposition posed in a particular
question…

45 In sum, questions which are sufficiently generic are questions of law
whereas questions which are descriptive and specific to the case at hand are
questions of fact.

46 In addition, the application of established principles of law to the
specific facts of the case is a question of fact. For example, the Court of
Appeal in Yeo Hwee Hua and others v Public Prosecutor [1995] 2 SLR(R) 515
(“Yeo Hwee Hua”) held that the application of established standards of proof
to the facts of the case, to determine whether the Prosecution had met their
standard of proof, was not an issue of law but was essentially a question of
fact (at [8] to [9]). Similarly, in James Raj s/o Arokiasamy v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 750 (“James Raj”), the Court of Appeal held that what
amounts to a “reasonable time” within which the constitutional right to
counsel can be exercised is a question of fact, as it requires a factual
inquiry of all the relevant considerations, which is evidence that it is not a
question of law that can be answered in the abstract (at [39]).

(2) Characterisation of the Revised Question

47 In the present case, the Revised Question essentially inquires whether Art
12(1) has been breached by the PP’s decision to prosecute the Applicant but
not the PM’s siblings. Similar to the findings in James Raj and Yeo Hwee Hua,
this is essentially a question of fact asking whether, applying the principles
of Art 12(1) in relation to prosecutorial discretion, the PP had on the facts
of the case breached Art 12(1).

48 Further, as stated in Teo Chu Ha (above at [44]), it is important to assess
the level of generality at which the question is phrased. The phrasing of the
question is critical in determining whether it is meant to address a legal or
factual issue. In the present case, the Revised Question was pitched very
narrowly and was specific to the present case, showing that it was a factual
issue.

49 Teo Chu Ha also stated that the nature of the question can be distinguished
by looking at the arguments made. Here, the arguments raised by the Applicant
focused on whether the Prosecution had prima facie breached Art 12(1) by
taking into account irrelevant factors. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AS at paras 40 to 53

The question of whether the PP had or had not taken into account these alleged
factors is a question of fact, being specific only to this case.

50 As stated above at [40], only questions of law pertaining to the
interpretation and effect of the Constitution may be raised under s 395(2)(a)
CPC. This factual question hence has to be dismissed.

51 However, it may be said that there is an inherent question of law in the
factual question. Inherent in the factual question of whether the PP has
breached Art 12(1) by prosecuting the Applicant and not the PM’s siblings, is
the antecedent question of how Art 12(1) operates in relation to prosecutorial
discretion, and what the relevant principles are. In other words, it is not
possible to determine the fact of whether the PP has breached Art 12(1),
without first understanding the law on Art 12(1). If this inherent legal
question was what the Applicant had intended to refer, the Applicant should
have phrased the Revised Question in more generic terms. In any case, as will
be seen below, this inherent legal question also has to be dismissed, as it is
settled law and does not raise any novel questions (see [40] above).

(3) Ramalingam

52 Even assuming, as explained above, that the Revised Question raises an
antecedent inherent legal question concerning the interpretation and effect of
Art 12(1) in relation to prosecutorial discretion, this has been settled by
the principles laid down in Ramalingam ([10] above).

53 The principles established in Ramalingam are explained here for ease of
reference. In Ramalingam, the Appellant argued that the Prosecution’s decision
to charge him with the full amount of drugs, whilst charging a related accused
person with a reduced amount of drugs, was in violation of Art 12(1) and
unconstitutional.

54 Ramalingam embarked on a detailed and comprehensive consideration of the
law pertaining to the constitutional ambits of prosecutorial discretion under
Art 12(1). It considered numerous authorities (at [19] to [42]), including Ong
Ah Chuan v Public Prosecutor [1979-1980] SLR(R) 710; Sim Min Teck v Public
Prosecutor [1987] SLR(R) 65; Teh Cheng Poh (above at [16]); Thiruselvam s/o
Nagaratnam v Public Prosecutor [2001] 1 SLR(R) 362 (“Thiruselvam”); and
Phyllis Tan ([16] above). It also considered the constitutional basis of
prosecutorial power; its nature; the presumption of constitutionality; as well
as the approach in other jurisdictions, including US (at [43] to [53]).

55 After the lengthy discussion, the Court of Appeal established that: all
things being equal, like cases must be treated alike with respect to all
offenders involved in the same criminal conduct (at [24], [51]); there must be
no bias on the Prosecution’s part and irrelevant considerations must not be
taken into account (at [51]); the Prosecution is entitled to take into account
many factors in its exercise of prosecutorial discretion, and where the
factors apply differently to different offenders, it may justify different
treatment between them (at [24], [52]); the burden of proof lies on the
offender to show a prima facie breach of prosecutorial discretion (at [70] to
[72]); and if such prima facie breach is proven, the Prosecution must justify
its prosecutorial decision to the court (at [28]).

(4) Whether the Applicant disputes Ramalingam

56 The Applicant accepts these established principles, taking great length in
his written submissions to set out the legal principles pertaining to
prosecutorial discretion under Art 12. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AS at paras 25 to 39

The Applicant specifically cites Ramalingam in his written submissions at
paras 38 and 39, explaining the legal principles set out in Ramalingam, and
then goes on to apply them to the Applicant’s case, stating at paras 40 to 41:
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AS at paras 40 to 41

40 Applying the aforesaid principles to the present facts, it is humbly
submitted that the Attorney General has prima facie breached Art 12(1) in his
application of his discretion…

41 In the alternative, the Applicant submits that the Attorney General has,
with the utmost respect, applied an irrelevant consideration in respect of his
differing prosecutorial discretion…

57 The foregoing paragraphs clearly show that the Applicant accepts and is
indeed applying the established legal principles set out in Ramalingam. The
Applicant makes no submission to expand, amend, or narrow the principles in
Ramalingam. Hence, any potential inherent antecedent question of law is
settled and not novel, and is hence also dismissed (see above at [40]). This
suffices to deal with the application; however, it is necessary to address
some of the Applicant’s arguments.

The Applicant’s competing characterisations of the Revised Question

58 The Applicant argues that the Revised Question raises the following novel
questions of law:

(a) First, it raises the issue of what is a “relevant factor” or “unbiased
consideration” that the PP is entitled to consider. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Affidavit of Daniel De Costa Augustin dated 28 January 2020 at para 20

(b) Second, it raises the question of whether the Statements made by the PM’s
siblings is a matter of family dispute or a criminal matter. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ASS at para 2

(c) Third, there is an issue of what principles apply when the PP chooses to
prosecute one party but not prosecute another party, despite them committing
similar criminal conduct. Ramalingam is to be distinguished from this generic
fact pattern because in Ramalingam, both parties involved in the same criminal
conduct were prosecuted, albeit with different charges (see above at [16]). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AS at paras 63 and 76

(d) Fourth, even if the legal principles are established, there is a question
of whether, applying these established principles to the proved facts, the PP
had been discriminatory in his prosecution. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

ASS at para 1

The Applicant argues relying on Gujarat ([15] above) that this is to be
regarded as a question of law.

59 As explained in Teo Chu Ha ([44] above), the nature of a question depends
on how it is phrased. If these questions are indeed what the Applicant intends
to raise, he should have phrased them in this way from the beginning. It is
not open to an applicant to phrase a question one way and then argue later
that the question he intends is another question. In any case, as will be
seen, these questions do not satisfy the requirements of s 395 CPC. These
contentions will be dealt with in turn.

(1) Whether the definition of a “relevant factor” is a question of law

60 The question of what is a “relevant factor” or “unbiased consideration” is
a question of fact, not law. As stated above at [46], the Court of Appeal in
James Raj found that the determination of what constitutes “reasonable time”
is a fact specific inquiry that has to be addressed by considering all the
relevant considerations, and cannot be addressed in the abstract. It was held
to be a factual question. Similarly, what constitutes a “relevant factor” or
“unbiased consideration” must depend on the specific circumstances of each
case, and is an issue of fact. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

RS at para 27

(2) Whether the characterisation of the Statements is a relevant question

61 This question of whether the Statements should be characterised as a family
matter or a public/ criminal matter is not a question that can be referred
under s 395(2)(a) CPC, as it is not relevant to the determination of the
criminal proceedings (above at [40]). The Applicant argues that this is
relevant because the Applicant should not be charged for commenting on a
family dispute. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

RS at para 2

However, this is not the legal test. The legal test for showing a breach of
Art 12(1) is that the Applicant needs to show a prima facie case that the PP
had considered irrelevant factors. As explained, whether the PP had indeed
done so is a question of fact ([46] above). The court’s legal characterisation
of the Statements as either family or criminal in nature does not have any
relevance to the factual question of whether the PP had considered irrelevant
factors.

(3) Whether Ramalingam can be distinguished from the present case

62 The Applicant’s contention that Ramalingam ([10] above) can be
distinguished from the present facts is a tenuous one. As shown above, the
Applicant himself explicitly applies Ramalingam to the facts of the present
case (at [56] to [57]), showing that he accepts that Ramalingam applies in
this case. I also note the Respondent’s point that the Applicant had initially
explicitly mentioned in the Original Question that Ramalingam should be
considered in the present case (at [8] and [25] above).

63 In any event, I find that the established legal principles in Ramalingam
apply to the present case. The Applicant argues that the distinction between
Ramalingam and the Applicant’s case is that in Ramalingam, both accused were
prosecuted, albeit with different charges, whereas in the Applicant’s case,
only the Applicant was charged while the PM’s siblings were not prosecuted.
This is a tenuous distinction. The crux of the issue in Ramalingam was the
question of whether the Prosecution’s actions of treating two accused persons
in the same criminal enterprise differently, was a breach of Art 12(1). The
same principle is involved whether the Prosecution chooses not to charge
someone, or chooses to prefer a different/ reduced charge.

64 A similar distinction was attempted but rejected in Ramalingam. This
argument was in fact made by the present Applicant’s counsel, who was the
accused’s counsel in that case. There, he argued that the facts of Ramalingam
should be distinguished from Thiruselvam ([54] above) because in Ramalingam,
the accused persons were charged with the same offence, but merely with
different quantities of drugs, whereas in Thiruselvam, the accused persons
were charged with different offences. The court dismissed this distinction,
finding that all these cases similarly concerned the Prosecution charging two
offenders involved in the same criminal acts with offences of unequal gravity
(at [64]):

Having regard to these matters, we are unable to accept the Applicant’s
alternative argument that Thiruselvam should be distinguished on the basis
that while the co-offenders in that case were charged with different offences
(viz, abetment of drug trafficking and drug trafficking), in the present case,
they were both charged with drug trafficking, but with the charges against one
offender (viz, Sundar) based on a quantity of drugs much less than the actual
quantity of drugs trafficked (as forensically determined)… In our view, there
is no meaningful distinction between the scenario in Thiruselvam and that in
the present case as the underlying prosecutorial decision in each case was the
same. On the facts of Thiruselvam, Katheraven was, like Sundar in this case,
charged with offences based on a quantity of drugs less than the actual
quantity of drugs trafficked. In substance, Thiruselvam and the present case
(and, for that matter, Sim Min Teck ([18] supra)) are all concerned with the
Prosecution charging two offenders involved in the same criminal acts with
offences of unequal gravity. Article 12(1) would apply to all of these cases
in exactly the same way.

65 Nevertheless, even accepting the Applicant’s argument that Ramalingam can
be distinguished from the present case, and that the principles there would
not be strictly binding in the Applicant’s case, no novel question of law is
raised. As stated in Johari bin Kanadi and another v Public Prosecutor [2008]
3 SLR(R) 422 (“Johari”) at [9] and cited in Chee Soon Juan ([14] above) at
[32], it is not sufficient to set out a new factual situation as new fact
permutations will always arise, and in such cases the settled principles can
just be applied or extrapolated ([40] above):

… To merit a reference under s 56A, the applicant must show that there are new
and difficult legal issues involving the Constitution which have not been
previously dealt with by the superior courts. It is not sufficient merely to
set out a new factual situation because new factual permutations will always
arise. Where questions of law have already been decided or principles relating
to an article in the Constitution have been set out by the superior courts, a
subordinate court need not stay proceedings under s 56A but should proceed to
apply the relevant case law or extrapolate from the principles enunciated to
reach a proper conclusion on the facts before it.

66 Small differences in fact, such as the one in the present case as compared
to Ramalingam, do not raise a novel legal issue because the lower court is
expected to either apply the law or extrapolate from it. The lower court does
not operate only in a mechanical way in applying decided principles or rules.

67 In other words, a s 395 CPC application does not require that the
principles laid out be strictly binding to the present case, but is only
concerned whether sufficient guidance has been laid down in respect of the
law. If there is sufficient guidance putting the issue beyond dispute or
controversy such that there is no necessity for the matter to require the
attention of a superior court in the midst of the first instance proceedings,
the s 395 CPC application should not be granted.

68 Further, as explained above at [54], Ramalingam had undertaken a
comprehensive review of the authorities and policy before laying down the
framework for prosecutorial discretion. The framework was meant to be broad
ranging and not limited only to the facts of Ramalingam; it hence provides
sufficient guidance for the present case.

69 The Applicant also argues that questions concerning the effect of the
Constitution do not need to be novel, as such question would have to take into
account the unique nexus between the effects of that provision to that set of
facts (see [18] above). He does not cite any authority for this proposition
and I do not accept this as it contradicts the findings in Johari and Chee
Soon Juan ([65] above) that issues raised by new factual permutations fall
outside the reference mechanism in s 395 CPC and s 56A SCA.

(4) Whether application of established principles to the facts is a question
of law

70 The Applicant argues relying on Gujarat that inferences to be drawn from
admitted or proved facts is a question of law, and hence the Revised Question
should be characterised as a question of law (above at [15]).

71 The Privy Council in Gujarat had to deal with two issues: first, whether
the respondents were entitled under an easement statute to an irrevocable
licence, which depended on the satisfaction of various statutory provisions
(at [19]); and secondly, whether the respondents could rely on an equitable
doctrine instead to claim the licence (at [21]). The resolution of both
questions required the court to determine what the proper inference to be
drawn was, based on proved facts. For the first question, the court needed to
decide whether the proved facts properly led to the inference that the
respondent had executed works on the land while “acting upon the license”,
such that an irrevocable licence should be granted (at [20]). For the second
question, the court had to decide if the proved facts were sufficient to
justify the inference that the appellant had by conduct implied a perpetual
licence to the respondent. Importantly, the appellate court held that the
proper legal effect of proved facts is a question of law (at [18]), and hence
that they were not bound by the decision of the first instance court on the
issues. The Privy Council then went on to answer both questions in the
negative, allowing the appeal (at [25]).

72 The approach taken in Gujarat seems to go against the Court of Appeal
authorities set out above at [44] to [46]. Under the rule set out in Teo Chu
Ha (at [44] above), the two issues in Gujarat should have been characterised
as questions of fact. As stated, the test is whether the question is phrased
in generic terms or is only specific to the particular case. In Gujarat, the
questions were not phrased in generic terms, but were only specific to the
facts of that particular case. The issue of what specific inference of fact
can be drawn from specific proved facts, is ultimately also a question of
fact. It may be that the question of what inferences can be drawn from facts,
phrased generically, could possibly be a question of law. However, this was
not so in Gujarat as there was no dispute about the general principles
relating to the drawing of inferences from proved facts.

73 In addition, Gujarat also contradicts the Court of Appeal authorities at
[46] above, which established that the application of established principles
of law to the specific facts of the case is a question of fact. In Gujarat, in
relation to the first issue, there was some discussion about the law where the
court discussed the definition of what it means for the putative licensee to
be “acting upon the license”, which was a statutory requirement to grant an
irrevocable licence (at [20]). This was correctly characterised as a question
of law since it was a general question and not tied to the facts of that case.
However, after reaching a conclusion as to the meaning of this requirement,
its application to the facts was a question of fact. There was no question of
law pertaining to the second issue, since the court found that the grounds
were decided in earlier authorities (at [21]), and the question was only one
of application, which should be characterised as factual.

74 Hence, Gujarat seems to contradict the Court of Appeal authorities stated
above, and to the extent they are contradictory, I do not follow it, as it is
less persuasive as a foreign case.

75 For completeness, I note that the Respondent relies on Lee Siew Boon
Winston v Public Prosecutor [2015] SGCA 67 (“Lee Siew Boon”) to argue that
every application of an objective test in a specific context is not a question
of law. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

RS at para 29

However, this does not seem to be the proper interpretation of the case. Lee
Siew Boon concerned an application under s 397(1) CPC for leave to refer to
the Court of Appeal questions concerning the disclosure of unused materials.
The established rule was that the Defence had to show reasonable grounds for
the court to believe that the Prosecution has in its possession material which
should be disclosed (at [10]). The Applicant in that case raised the reference
question of how this established test should apply in the context of sexual
offences (at [13]). The Court of Appeal held at [13] that: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

RS at para 29

The third question is put forward on the basis of the suggestion that a
question of law of public interest arises in relation to the application of
the test… specifically in the context of sexual offences. In our judgment,
every test that rests on objective criteria, such as the existence of
reasonable grounds, will necessarily be contextual in its application. In
other words, what is reasonable will necessarily depend on the context. There
is no need, therefore, to add to the “reasonable grounds” formulation in the
specific context of sexual offences.

76 Contrary to the Respondent’s interpretation, the court did not state that
the reference question was not a question of law. The holding was only that
the “reasonable grounds” test was already an established generic test, and
that there was no need to elaborate on how it should be applied specifically
in the context of sexual offences, since the general rule was already
expressed to be contextual.

77 Nevertheless, Lee Siew Boon can be used to support the proposition at [65]
to [68] above that the generic test set out in Ramalingam is sufficient
guidance and there is no need for a reference question to explain how it
should specifically apply on the facts of the present case.

78 The above is sufficient to dismiss the application as the requirements set
out under s 395 CPC and explained in Chee Soon Juan ([40] above) are not met.
The other requirements below are only discussed for completeness.

Whether the application is frivolous, to delay, or is an abuse of process

(1) The lack of merits

79 The merits of the application, i.e. that a constitutional breach is likely
to be made out, or is in fact made out, will not generally be a relevant
consideration, save only that the absence of any merit may help establish that
the application is frivolous, or is made for some collateral purpose,
including delay, or is otherwise an abuse of process.

80 I am satisfied that the substantive application would not have succeeded,
and that it therefore lacks merit.

81 The Applicant argues that there was prima facie breach of Art 12(1) of the
Constitution due to the PP’s decision of prosecuting the Applicant but not the
PM’s siblings, who had made similar or more severe allegations ([13] above).
He argues that the allegations made by him pertain to the same subject matter
and impugn the PM in the same way as the Statements made by the PM’s siblings.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AS at paras 14 to 16

82 The Respondent argues that clear differentiating factors exist between the
Applicant and the PM’s siblings ([24] above). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

RS at para 36

These are by way of illustration but were not necessarily the factors that
were determinative in the AG’s charging decision, as there is no general duty
on the part of the AG to disclose the reasons for its prosecutorial
discretion. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

RS at para 36

The differentiating factors are that: first, the Applicant had used another
person’s email account without consent, and signed off in that person’s name,
in sending the Email, hiding behind the cloak of anonymity; 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

RS at para 37

and second, the Applicant’s Email related to the members of the Cabinet
whereas the PM’s siblings’ Statements centred on the family displeasure
between them and the PM. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

RS at para 38

83 I am satisfied that the Applicant has not proven a prima facie breach of
Art 12(1) to displace the presumption of constitutionality in respect of the
PP’s decision. Applying the principles in Ramalingam at [70] ([10] above), the
fact that one offender faces prosecution, while others who may have committed
similar actions do not, does not ipso facto indicate breach of Art 12 or the
improper exercise of discretion:

… the mere differentiation of charges between co-offenders, even between those
of equal guilt, is not, per se, sufficient to constitute prima facie evidence
of bias or the taking into account of irrelevant considerations that breaches
Art 12(1). Differentiation between offenders of equal guilt can be
legitimately undertaken for many reasons and based on the consideration of
many factors... It is for the offender who complains of a breach of Art 12(1)
to prove that there are no valid grounds for such differentiation. In the
absence of proof by the offender, the court should not presume that there are
no valid grounds in this regard.

84 In addition, there are differentiating factors in the present case relating
to the circumstances of the commission of the offence, such as the
unauthorised use of another person’s email and impersonation of that person’s
identity. These are relevant considerations in the exercise of prosecutorial
discretion, assuming that they were considerations. The present case is
clearly within the scope of the PP’s prosecutorial discretion, and thus no
prima facie breach of Art 12 is made out.

(2) Whether the application is frivolous, for collateral purposes, or to delay

85 While the application lacks merit, this does not necessarily mean that the
application is frivolous, or for collateral purpose or to delay. The
Respondent argues that the application is clearly frivolous and vexatious as
the Applicant is aware that the principles of law were conclusively resolved
in Ramalingam, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

RS at para 40

and that the Applicant knows that the matter is not controversial and settled,
but embarked on the application despite knowing this.

86 I do accept that given the clear state of the law, both on Art 12, as well
as on the operation of the reference procedure under s 395 CPC, it was clear
that the arguments were not likely to persuade any court at all, pointing
against the likelihood of success of any application. However, it does not
follow that the proceedings were vexatious, rather than being the product of a
misunderstanding of the law or failure to appreciate its application.

87 As the Respondent notes, Chee Siok Chin and others v Minister for Home
Affairs and another [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582, in the context of discussing the
principles of striking out, defined the terms frivolous and vexatious as such
(at [33] and [37]): 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

RS at para 52

33 Proceedings are frivolous when they are deemed to waste the court’s time,
and are determined to be incapable of legally sustainable and reasoned
argument. Proceedings are vexatious when they are shown to be without
foundation and/or where they cannot possibly succeed and/or where an action is
brought only for annoyance or to gain some fanciful advantage.

…

37 These words have been judicially interpreted to mean “obviously
unsustainable”: Attorney-General of the Duchy of Lancaster v London and North
Western Railway Company [1892] 3 Ch 274 at 277. In Goh Koon Suan v Heng Gek
Kiau [1990] 2 SLR(R) 705 at [15], Yong Pung How CJ opined that an action would
be vexatious “when the party bringing it is not acting bona fide, and merely
wishes to annoy or embarrass his opponent, or when it is not calculated to
lead to any practical result”. It has also been suggested that “frivolous” and
“vexatious” connote purposelessness in relation to the process or a lack of
seriousness or truth and a lack of bona fides: see Jeffrey Pinsler, Singapore
Court Practice 2005 (LexisNexis, 2005) at para 18/19/12, p 482.

88 In my view, the Applicant’s pursuit of the application does not fall to
that level of being obviously unsustainable or purposeless; there is
sufficient substance to the arguments made, though these ultimately fail
before me.

89 I cannot also on present evidence before me conclude that the application
is made for a collateral purpose, or that it amounts to abuse of process.
There is nothing before me to show that the Applicant does not bona fide
pursue this application for legitimate purposes.

Whether the application was a backdoor to judicial review

90 The Applicant argues (at [19]) above) that the caution against using a s
395 CPC criminal motion as a backdoor to judicial review, laid down in Chee
Soon Juan ([14] above), was due to the factual circumstances of that case, and
do not apply to the present application. This argument is not made out: the
concern in Chee Soon Juan was expressed generally (at [33]), and it is clear
that it was intended to generally guard against the use of such references as
a backdoor to judicial review.

91 I make no finding on whether the present application was a backdoor to
judicial review, since this was not contended to be the case by the
Respondent.

Conduct of the Criminal Proceedings

92 The Respondent raises the concern that the Applicant has tried and
continues to try to delay proceedings, and may do so again by way of an
application for judicial review ([25] above). The Applicant denies any desire
to delay but asserts his right to pursue remedies as appropriate. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AS at para 81;

93 I note that given the state of proceedings, it will be odd for a judicial
review application to be pursued so late in the day. In such circumstances,
where applications for reference have been denied, it will be an abuse of
process to institute judicial review on the same allegations or assertion. The
State Court will in such circumstances be justified in proceeding with the
criminal matter regardless of the state of any late judicial review
application, and no doubt the Respondent will pursue the appropriate remedies
to deal with such an application.

94 Such action would also attract, in the absence of any cogent explanation,
the strong inference that the Applicant’s counsel is indeed party to an
attempt to delay matters, and may attract personal costs orders and other
consequences.

Costs

Parties Submissions

Respondent

95 The Respondent seeks costs against the Applicant’s counsel personally. The
Respondent argues that the court has the inherent power to order counsel to
pay costs to the Prosecution directly (Abdul Kahar bin Othman v Public
Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 1394 (“Abdul Kahar”) at [71] to [80]). 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

RS at para 43

Such an order should be made where: the conduct of the matter by the accused
through his counsel was extravagant and unnecessary; costs have been incurred
unreasonably or improperly or have been wasted by counsel’s failure to conduct
proceedings with reasonable competence and expedition; and the court is
satisfied that costs should not be ordered against the accused instead. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

RS at para 45

96 The Respondent argues that these requirements are fulfilled here. First,
the proceedings are extravagant and unnecessary as the Applicant’s counsel
must have had known that the motion cannot pass muster, since the Revised
Question is one of fact and not law, and because the issue had already been
decided in Ramalingam ([10] above). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

RS at paras 46 to 48

Second, the pursuit of an unmeritorious application with no prospect of
success has caused the Respondent to incur costs unreasonably. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

RS at para 49

The application has no legal merit and is clearly an abuse of process. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

RS at para 50

The Applicant’s counsel failed in his overriding duty to the court and the
administration of justice, and abused the administration of justice, by
preparing and arguing unmeritorious applications (Prometheus Marine Pte Ltd v
King, Ann Rita and another appeal [2018] 1 SLR 1 at [72]; D’Orta-Ekenaike v
Victoria Legal Aid and another [2006] 1 LRC 168 at [111]). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

RS at para 50

Third, the Applicant’s counsel failed to act with reasonable competence by
failing to properly advise the Applicant of the lack of merit in the motion,
and by filing a fatally flawed application. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

RS at para 51

Further, he has facilitated vexatious and frivolous litigation designed to
unnecessarily prolong the matter, and has even intimated that he would take
out further applications by judicial review to pursue the same question. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

RS at paras 53 to 55

97 The Respondent also argues that it is just to make the Applicant’s counsel
bear the costs since these unmeritorious legal arguments could only have come
from him and not the Applicant. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

RS at para 56

In Bander Yahya A Alzahrani v Public Prosecutor (CA/CM 20/2017 and CA/CM
3/2018, unreported), 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

RBOA at Tab 5 (Certificate of result of Magistrate’s Appeal)

the Court of Appeal ordered costs against the solicitor as the High Court had
already told the solicitor in an earlier application that the questions raised
in the criminal reference were not of law but of fact, and was unlikely to
succeed, but the solicitor had persisted unreasonably in the application. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

RS at paras 57 to 58

This case was noted and explained by the Court of Appeal in Abdul Kahar at
[70]. Similarly, in the present case, the Applicant’s counsel had already been
told by the District Judge below that the Revised Question is not a question
of law, nor one that engages any novel or difficult issues. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

RS at para 59

Further, it is already the second application to state a case, the first one
having also been dismissed by the State Courts. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

RS at para 60

98 Finally, the Respondent argues that no basis exists for the ordering of
costs against the Respondent as sought by the Applicant.

Applicant

99 The Applicant’s counsel argues against the imposition of costs against him
personally as this should only be done in rare and exceptional cases. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Application’s costs submissions titled “Skeletal Arguments on Costs against
Applicant’s Counsel” dated 2 April 2020 (“ACS”) at para 3

O 59 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) only
allows costs to be ordered against the solicitor personally if costs have been
incurred unreasonably, improperly or wasted by failure to conduct proceedings
with reasonable competence and expedition. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

ACS at para 6

This threshold set out is consistent with ss 355(1), 356 and 357(1) of the CPC
which set out similar situations where an accused and/or his defence counsel
may be ordered to pay costs to the Prosecution. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

ACS at para 7

It must also be just in all the circumstances for costs to be ordered: Bintai
Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp [2018] 2 SLR 532. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

ACS at para 8

The conduct in question must amount to an abuse of the court’s process:
Ridehalgh v Horsefield and another [1994] Ch 205. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

ACS at para 10

If there is any doubt about whether the case is hopeless or whether there was
abuse of process, the benefit of the doubt must be accorded to the counsel. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

ACS at para 11

100 Here, there has been no lack of expedition, unreasonableness, impropriety
or lack of reasonable competence in conducting the present proceedings. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

ACS at para 15

101 In addition, judicial review and public law proceedings protect the public
interest and seek to hold to account those who exercise powers, and should not
be impeded by the threat of adverse cost orders. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

ACS at para 21

Further, the Respondent’s failure to strike out the proceedings supports that
it is unjust to award costs against the Applicant’s counsel on the basis that
the proceedings are inherently hopeless. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

ACS at para 22

102 The Applicant’s counsel counter-argues that if anything, the court should
order cost against the Prosecution under s 358(1) CPC for making a frivolous
and vexatious costs application against him. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

ASS at para 11

The State and PP are seeking these cost orders and making these attacks as a
distraction from the substantive issues. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

ASS at para 9

Ad hominem attacks were previously made by the Prosecution against the
Applicant’s counsel; this was the third time in a few weeks that such costs
applications had been made against him by the State. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

ASS at paras 5 to 6

103 It is therefore not just to order costs against the Applicant’s counsel.

Decision

104 I do not find that the circumstances are such as to require the imposition
of costs against the Applicant’s counsel personally. Such orders should be
ordered only in exceptional circumstances. It may be that here, the Applicant
faced an uphill task given the state of the law, but I do not find that the
case was so hopeless that it could be inferred that the application was
launched with recognition that there was no possibility of success. It may
have been misplaced optimism, but that is not enough to order costs personally
against the Applicant’s counsel.

105 However, if further applications are sought on the same or related matter,
a different conclusion may be reached, and costs may indeed be ordered against
counsel. The future conduct of the case remains of concern, and any delay
arising from the pursuit of similar issues by other means should not be
tolerated, and will likely result in substantial cost sanctions against the
Applicant’s counsel and any other counsel who takes the matter over.

106 I do not order costs against the Respondent either.

Conclusion

107 The motion is hence dismissed.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Ravi s/o Madasamy (Carson Law Chambers) for the Applicant;

Mohamed Faizal Mohamed Abdul Kadir SC, Ho Lian-Yi and Sheryl Yeo Su Hui
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

