Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 257

High Court — Originating Summons No 1081 of 2019

Between

(1)| CDX  
---|---  
(2)| CDY  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| CDZ  
---|---  
(2)| CEA  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDs OF DECISION

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CDX and another

  
v

  

CDZ and another

[2020] SGHC 257

High Court — Originating Summons No 1081 of 2019  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
13 March 2020

2 December 2020

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs apply to set aside an arbitral award issued in the
defendants’ favour in May 2019. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

[CDX]’s 1st affidavit dated 22 August 2019 (“[CDX]’s affidavit”) at p 5447.

In his award, the arbitrator found that the plaintiffs had made fraudulent
misrepresentations to the defendants in order to induce the defendants to
invest in a company. The arbitrator awarded the defendants substantial damages
for the fraud, adopting as the measure of damages the sum necessary to restore
the defendants to the position they would have been in if the plaintiffs had
not fraudulently induced them to make the investment. He therefore awarded the
defendants damages which were equivalent to the sums which the defendants had
invested less the benefits which they had received by reason of the
investment. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 5524–5525, para 340.4.

2 The plaintiffs seek to set aside the award on two grounds. First, the
plaintiffs submit that the arbitrator exceeded his jurisdiction. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 2 January 2020 (“PWS”) at paras 17–19.

Second, the plaintiffs submit that the arbitrator breached the rules of
natural justice in holding the plaintiffs liable to the defendants in damages
and in assessing those damages. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PWS at paras 20–27.

3 Having considered the parties’ submissions and evidence, I have dismissed
the plaintiffs’ application. The plaintiffs have appealed against my decision.
I now set out the grounds for my decision.

Background facts

The parties

4 The first plaintiff is an individual. He is a Singapore citizen 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5451, para 1.3.

residing in India. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 1.

The second plaintiff is a company incorporated in India. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5451, para 1.4.

The first plaintiff is the managing director and a shareholder of the second
plaintiff.

5 The first defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5451, para 1.1.

The second defendant is a company incorporated in India. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5451, para 1.2.

The first defendant is a wholly owned subsidiary of the second defendant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at para 6.

The investment

6 The company at the centre of the parties’ dispute is incorporated in
Singapore and carries on business in the building and construction industry.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PWS at para 10.

I shall refer to it as “the Company”. The Company was initially a wholly owned
subsidiary of the second plaintiff. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PWS at para 12.

The Company was not a party to the arbitration or to the application before
me.

7 Following an approach by the plaintiffs, the two defendants invested a total
of US$1,999,238 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5511, para 274.

and S$1,179,085 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5511, para 274.1 and p 5512, para 276.

in the Company and came to hold 50% of the Company’s shares. The defendants
made their investment in two stages. First, in 2014/2015, the defendants
invested US$1,199,238 and S$1,000 in the Company. Then, in 2016, the
defendants invested a further US$800,000 and S$1,178,085 in the Company. As a
result of the investment, the second plaintiff’s shareholding in the Company
was reduced to 50%. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5464, para 43.5; PWS at para 14.

8 The defendants made their investment in the Company under two sets of two
contracts. First, in December 2014, both plaintiffs, the second defendant and
the Company entered into an Investment Agreement (“IA”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 142–143

Then in January 2015, the same four parties entered into a Shareholders’
Agreement (“SA”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 164–165.

Second, in January 2016, the four parties entered into a Restated Investment
Agreement (“RIA”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 192–193.

Also in January 2016, the four parties plus the first defendant entered into a
Restated Shareholders’ Agreement (“RSA”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 215–216.

The RIA and RSA superseded the IA 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 207, cl 7.14.

and SA 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 246, cl 18.17.

respectively. I shall refer to all four of these contracts collectively as
“the contracts”.

9 There are three provisions in the RSA which are material to the present
application. First, the RSA charges certain assets of the Company to the
defendants as security for the plaintiffs’ obligations under that agreement
and grants the defendants the accompanying right to appoint a receiver to take
control of and realise those assets in an event of default. Second, the RSA
provides expressly that it is governed by Singapore law. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 111, para 212 and p 246, cl 18.15.

Finally, the RSA contains a tiered dispute-resolution clause which begins with
an agreement to resolve disputes amicably and culminates in agreement to refer
disputes to arbitration. The arbitration agreement provides that any
arbitration is to be conducted before a sole arbitrator in Singapore and to be
administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 110, para 207 and p 242, cl 17.

This is the arbitration agreement which the defendants invoked to commence the
arbitration. The IA, SA and RIA have similar arbitration agreements which the
defendants have never invoked.

The dispute

10 The parties’ relationship as equal shareholders in the Company descended
into acrimony almost from the outset. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 5464–5465, paras 44–49.

The defendants alleged that the first plaintiff had misapplied the funds which
the defendants had invested 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5464–5465, paras 45–46.

and had failed to develop the Company’s business with the result that the
Company failed to win any new orders after the parties entered into the RIA
and the RSA in January 2016. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5465, para 48.

The plaintiffs in turn denied that any funds had been misapplied and alleged
that it was the defendants who were in fact in charge of the Company from
March 2015 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5465, para 47.

and who were therefore responsible for its failure to win new business from
January 2016 onwards. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5465, para 49.

11 In July 2016, the defendants declared an event of default under the RSA. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3324 and p 3327, para 8.

They required the first plaintiff to remedy the default, failing which they
would trigger the tiered dispute resolution clause in the RSA. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5465, para 50.

The default was not remedied. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3329, para 4.

12 In October 2016, the defendants discovered the plaintiffs’ fraud. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 1772, para 307; p 5004, para 29; p 5095, para 225; p
5122, para 284; p 5221, para 513.4; p 5413, para 165.2 to p 5414, para 165.3;
pp 5340–5341, para 33.4.

13 In November 2016, the defendants appointed a receiver over the assets which
the Company had charged to the defendants (see [9] above). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 2159, para 139 and p 5465, para 51.

The receiver sold the assets 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 2159, para 140 and p 5510, para 266.

and duly paid over to the first defendant the net proceeds of sale amounting
to $618,312.30. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5510, para 268.

The arbitration

14 In March 2017, the defendants issued a notice of arbitration against the
plaintiffs, citing only the arbitration agreement in the RSA (see [9] above).
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 30–31.

The defendants’ case was that the plaintiffs had made several false
representations about the Company’s receivables, liabilities, fixed assets and
future projects 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 97–98, para 192.

in order to induce the defendants to enter into the contracts and invest in
the Company and that these representations amounted either to actionable
misrepresentations or breaches of the plaintiffs’ express representations and
warranties set out in the contracts.

15 The tribunal was constituted in June 2017. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5455, para 12.4.

In accordance with the parties’ arbitration agreement, it comprised a sole
arbitrator.

16 Pleadings in the arbitration opened with the defendants’ statement of claim
in March 2017 and closed with the defendants’ reply in August 2017. The
parties completed discovery in November 2017. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5455, para 12.10.

In December 2017, the arbitrator fixed the evidential hearing in the
arbitration to take place in May 2018. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5456, para 12.17.

The parties exchanged their principal witness statements in January 2018 and
reply witness statements in March 2018. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5456, paras 12.19–12.20.

Having failed to agree on a list of issues, they exchanged separate lists of
issues in April 2018. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5456, para 12.21.

17 Due to the first plaintiff’s ill health 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5456, paras 12.17 and 12.22.

the evidential hearing was postponed from May 2018 to July 2018. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3815 and p 5457, para 12.26.

Neither party called any expert witnesses, whether on liability or on quantum.
The plaintiffs’ only witness was the first plaintiff. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5468, para 68.

The defendants called five witnesses of fact. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5466, para 56.

18 Following the evidential hearing, the parties exchanged principal closing
submissions in October 2018. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5457, para 12.28.

They exchanged responsive closing submissions in November 2018. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5457, para 12.29.

The award

19 The arbitrator issued his final award in May 2019. He found that the
defendants’ witnesses were generally credible, and that they had given
evidence which was not only consistent with each other’s evidence, but which
was also supported by the contemporaneous documents. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5468, para 67.

20 The arbitrator was not, however, impressed with the first plaintiff: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5468, para 69.

The Credibility of The [Plaintiffs’] Factual Witness

69\. I did not find the evidence of [the first plaintiff] to be very credible.
He was frequently evasive during cross-examination and much of his evidence
was inconsistent with the contemporaneous documents. When confronted with
specific issues he often resorted to generalities or legalistic defences. …

21 The arbitrator found, further, that there was evidence of the second
plaintiff’s fraud which was overwhelming, even bearing in mind the additional
cogency required of evidence to prove fraud: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5499, para 214.

Fraud Must Be Distinctly Alleged and Proved

214\. In making this finding and the further finding below in relation to the
allegation of fraudulent misrepresentation, I have of course taken account of
the fact that, although the burden of proof remains the normal civil standard
of ‘balance of probablities’ [sic], fraud must be distinctly alleged and
proved. I however find that the [defendants] have satisfied this burden. A
finding that fraud has been committed is not a finding that I make lightly but
it is a finding that I believe to be overwhelmingly supported by the evidence
that I have heard.

22 The arbitrator made the following further holdings and findings in his
award which are material for the purposes of this application:

(a) The plaintiffs made multiple serious fraudulent misrepresentations to the
defendants about the Company’s receivables, liabilities, fixed assets and
future projects. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5499, para 212 and p 5508, para 252.

(b) The defendants were induced by the fraudulent misrepresentations into
entering into the contracts and investing in the Company. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5503, para 228 and p 5508, para 256.

(c) The defendants are accordingly entitled prima facie to the remedy of
rescission, unless rescission is barred either because it is impossible or
because the defendants have affirmed the contract. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5510 at para 265.

(d) For affirmation to bar rescission, the innocent party must, “with full
knowledge of the fraud … take an action which unequivocally confirms that it
wishes to be bound by the contract”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

[CDX]’s affidavit, p 5510 at para 265.

(e) The defendants were fully aware in November 2016 of the plaintiffs’ fraud
but chose to rely on and invoke their rights as a secured creditor under the
RSA to appoint a receiver instead of rescinding the RSA (see [13] above). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5510, paras 266–268.

This amounts to affirmation of the RSA and therefore bars rescission. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5510, para 269 to p 5511, para 271.

(f) Even though rescission is barred, the defendants are nevertheless entitled
to damages in the tort of deceit for the plaintiffs’ fraudulent
misrepresentations. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5511, para 272.

(g) The measure of those damages is the sum necessary to place the defendants
in the position they would have been in if the tort had never been committed.
59

##### Foot Note 59

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5511, para 272.

The defendants are therefore entitled to be repaid the sums they invested
under the contracts plus any further sums which they expended as a result of
entering into the contracts, but must deduct the benefits which they received
as a result of entering into the contracts. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5511, para 273.

(h) The benefits which the defendants must deduct from the sums they invested
are: (i) the sum of S$618,312.30 which the receivers realised and paid over to
the defendants (see [13] above); 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5512, para 277.

and (ii) the value of the defendants’ 50% shareholding in the Company (see [7]
above) which the defendants will now retain given that rescission is barred.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5512, paras 278–279.

(i) The defendants’ shareholding in the Company ought to be valued as at the
date on which the defendants discovered the fraud, ie, October 2016 (see [12]
above). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5512, para 278.

(j) At that date, the value of the shares was nil. This was because: (i) the
Company had had no projects since the parties entered into the RIA and the RSA
in January 2016; (ii) the first plaintiff had turned his back on the Company;
and (iii) the only value in the Company was the charged assets which the
receivers have sold. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5512, para 278.

(k) The defendants’ claims for further damages 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 5512–5513, paras 280–285.

and the plaintiffs’ claims for further deductions by way of setoffs 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5513–5514, paras 286–292.

are all dismissed.

(l) The plaintiffs are therefore liable to repay to the defendants the sum
invested by the defendants, ie, US$1,999,238 and $1,179,085, less only the sum
of $618,312.30, ie, with no deduction to account for the value of the
defendants’ 50% shareholding in the Company. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5512, para 279.

(m) The first plaintiff is jointly and severally liable with the second
plaintiff for the fraudulent misrepresentations. The first plaintiff was a
party to all of the contracts and executed them both for himself and for the
second plaintiff. He made the fraudulent misrepresentations personally and
therefore committed the tort of deceit personally. His concurrent status as a
director of the second plaintiff could not shield him from personal liability
for his personal tort. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5514–5515, para 294.

(n) The defendants have been awarded damages in tort assessed on the same
basis as damages on the reliance measure in contract. The defendants cannot
therefore recover additional damages for their expectation loss in contract.
It is therefore not necessary to consider the defendants’ alternative claim
for damages for breach of contract (see [14] above). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5518, paras 308–309.

23 In June 2019, in response to a request from the defendants under Art 33.1
of the SIAC Rules 2016, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5573, para 33.1.

the arbitrator issued a memorandum of correction to his final award. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5527.

Neither the memorandum itself nor the corrections it effected to the final
award are material to the issues before me.

The parties’ cases

24 As I have mentioned (see [2] above), the plaintiffs seek to set aside the
award on two grounds: because the arbitrator exceeded his jurisdiction and
because the arbitrator breached the rules of natural justice.

Excess of jurisdiction

25 I can deal with the excess of jurisdiction ground summarily. The ground,
briefly stated, is that the defendants invoked in their notice of arbitration
only the arbitration agreement in the RSA. They did not invoke the separate
arbitration agreements in the other three contracts between the parties: the
IA, the SA and the RIA. But the defendants sought in the arbitration
rescission not only of the RSA, but also of those other three contracts.
Further, the arbitrator took as his starting point in awarding damages to the
defendants a sum equal to their entire investment in the Company under all
four of the contracts. But the defendants made only one tranche of their
investment under the RSA. They made the remainder of their investment under
the IA and the RIA.

26 The plaintiffs raised these very same points as a preliminary
jurisdictional objection in the arbitration. The arbitrator rejected the
objection in his award. He held that the plaintiffs had failed to take their
jurisdictional objection in their statement of defence as required by Art
16(2) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration
(“Model Law”), given force of law by s 2(1) of the International Arbitration
Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed), and Rule 18.3 of the SIAC Rules 2016. He also
held that there was no justification for the plaintiffs’ delay in taking the
jurisdictional objection. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 5473–5474, paras 82–87.

27 Counsel for the plaintiffs informed me at the outset of oral arguments on
this setting aside application that the plaintiffs, although not abandoning
the excess of jurisdiction ground, would not pursue it at first instance
before me. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 11, lines 3–8.

The reason given was the state of the authorities by which I am bound, and in
particular the decision of the Court of Appeal in Rakna Arakshaka Lanka Ltd v
Avant Garde Maritime Services (Pte) Ltd [2019] 2 SLR 131. Counsel for the
plaintiffs therefore confirmed that the plaintiffs place the excess of
jurisdiction ground before me on this application, not for my decision, but
purely to preserve the plaintiffs’ ability to pursue it on appeal as a ground
for setting aside the award. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 36, line 31 to p 37, line 31.

It is therefore not necessary for me further to analyse this ground.

Natural justice

28 On the natural justice ground, the plaintiffs rely on s 24(b) of the
International Arbitration Act and Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PWS at para 32.

The particular rule of natural justice which the plaintiffs allege the
arbitrator breached is the fair hearing rule. The plaintiffs allege that the
arbitrator: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PWS at para 2(c).

… did not afford the Plaintiffs a fair opportunity to present their case on
damages, to present the evidence and to advance propositions of law necessary
to respond to the Defendants’ case made against the Plaintiffs prior to/at the
evidential hearing;

29 The plaintiffs rely on two distinct and independent limbs to advance their
case on natural justice. One limb goes to the arbitrator’s finding that they
were liable in principle for damages and the other goes to his assessment of
the quantum of those damages.

The parties’ cases on liability

30 The plaintiffs’ case on liability is as follows. The defendants’ pleaded
claim in the arbitration was always and only predicated upon the defendants
being entitled to rescission. The defendants did not at any time plead a claim
for damages if rescission was barred. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PWS at para 20.

Having found that rescission was indeed barred, the arbitrator should have
dismissed the defendants’ claim in its entirety. Instead, he went on to award
the defendants substantial damages. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 16, para 49.

The plaintiffs were thus denied a reasonable opportunity to address the
arbitrator on whether the plaintiffs could, in principle, be held liable to
the defendants in damages even though rescission was barred. The arbitrator
breached the rules of natural justice on liability.

31 The defendants’ response is as follows. The defendants included a general
prayer for damages to be assessed at the conclusion of their statement of
claim (see [46] below). That prayer is wide enough to ground an award of
damages if rescission was barred. The plaintiffs are not the victims of any
breach of natural justice on liability.

The parties’ cases on quantum

32 The plaintiffs’ case on quantum proceeds as follows. Even if the arbitrator
did not breach natural justice in finding the plaintiffs liable to the
defendants in damages, he denied the plaintiffs natural justice in assessing
those damages. The defendants failed to plead the measure of their damages.
They also failed to plead, particularise and prove the quantum of their
damages. The plaintiffs were thus denied a reasonable opportunity to address
the arbitrator on the measure and quantum of damages. The arbitrator breached
the rules of natural justice on quantum.

33 The defendants’ response is as follows. The measure of the defendants’
damages for the plaintiffs’ deceit was obvious: it was the sum necessary to
put the defendants in the same position they would have been in if the tort
had never been committed. Further, the defendants did adduce evidence on the
quantum of damages, albeit for the purpose of proving other facts in issue in
the arbitration. The plaintiffs are not the victims of any breach of natural
justice on quantum.

Applicable legal principles

34 The principles of law which I must apply to ascertain whether a breach of
natural justice has taken place are common ground. They can therefore be
summarised in the following propositions without need for further development:

(a) There are two pillars of natural justice: (i) the right to a disinterested
and unbiased tribunal; and (ii) the right to be heard: Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte
Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee” at
[43]; China Machine New Energy Corp v Jaguar Energy Guatemala LLC and another
[2020] 1 SLR 695 (“China Machine”) at [87].

(b) Article 18 of the Model Law gives express effect to these two pillars by
providing that every party to an arbitration has a right to be treated with
equality and a right to a “full opportunity” of presenting its case: China
Machine at [88], [90].

(c) Despite what the word “full” in Art 18 of the Model Law might suggest, a
party’s right to an opportunity to present its case in an arbitration is not
of unlimited scope. The right is “impliedly limited by considerations of
reasonableness and fairness”: China Machine at [97] and [104(b)].

(d) A party’s right to be heard in the arbitration comprises:

(i) a party’s right to have reasonable and fair notice:

(A) from the opposing party of the case it must meet on each issue of fact or
law which the opposing party raises in the arbitration as an essential link in
the chain of reasoning leading to the relief it seeks in the arbitration (see
JVL Agro Industries Ltd v Agritrade International Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 468
(“JVL Agro”) at [147]); and

(B) from the tribunal of any other issue which the tribunal adopts as an
essential link in the chain of reasoning leading to its decision on the
matters before it (eg Koh Bros Building and Civil Engineering Contractor Pte
Ltd v Scotts Development (Saraca) Pte Ltd [2002] 2 SLR(R) 1063 at [44]–[45]);

(ii) a party’s right to a reasonable and fair opportunity:

(A) to present its case on all of those issues; and

(B) to respond to the case presented against it on those issues: China Machine
at [87]; and

(iii) a party’s right to have the tribunal make some attempt bona fide to
understand, engage with and apply its mind to its case on those issues (Front
Row Investment Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Daimler South East Asia Pte Ltd
[2010] SGHC 80 at [35]; TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield
Marine Pte Ltd [2013] SGHC 186 (“TMM Division”) at [89]–[91] and [106]).

(e) Where a party complains that a tribunal deprived it of a reasonable and
fair opportunity to be heard on an issue which the tribunal has incorporated
as a link in its chain of reasoning, that party must show that a reasonable
party could not have foreseen that the tribunal would incorporate that issue.
That test will be satisfied, for example, where the tribunal’s incorporation
of that issue in its chain of reasoning is a dramatic departure from the
parties’ submissions: Soh Beng Tee at [65(d)].

(f) Where a party complains that a tribunal deprived it of a reasonable and
fair opportunity to be heard because of the manner in which the tribunal
exercised a discretion in its procedural management of the arbitration, “the
proper approach a court should take is to ask itself if what the tribunal did
(or decided not to do) falls within the range of what a reasonable and fair-
minded tribunal in those circumstances might have done”. This test is a fact-
sensitive inquiry to be applied from the arbitrator’s perspective: China
Machine at [98] and [104(c)]–[104(d)].

(g) It is not a breach of natural justice, in itself, for a tribunal to fail
to refer every issue which it incorporates as a link in its chain of reasoning
to the parties for submission: Soh Beng Tee at [65(d)], citing at [58] ABB AG
v Hochtief Airport GmbH [2006] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 1 (“Hochtief”).

(h) In particular, it is not a breach of natural justice:

(i) for a tribunal to adopt an issue as a link in its chain of reasoning even
if the parties:

(A) did not plead or include that issue in a formal list of issues, provided
that the issue surfaced in the course of the arbitration and was known to all
the parties: PT Prima International Development v Kempinski Hotels SA and
other appeals [2012] 4 SLR 98 at [47].

(B) did not raise or contemplate that issue, provided that the issue is
reasonably connected to the issues which the parties did raise and contemplate
and if the party aggrieved had a reasonable opportunity to address all of “the
essential building blocks” for the tribunal’s conclusion on that issue: TMM
Division at [63] citing Tomlinson J in Hochtief at [72].

(ii) for a tribunal’s chain of reasoning to adopt a middle path between
diametrically opposed positions taken by the parties, so long as the building
blocks for that middle path were before the tribunal, even if the tribunal did
not give the parties notice that it might adopt that middle path: Soh Beng Tee
at [65(e)].

(iii) if a party was deprived of a reasonable opportunity to present its case
by its own conduct and not by any conduct of the tribunal (Triulzi Cesare SRL
v Xinyi Group (Glass) Co Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 114 (“Triulzi”) at [51]).

(iv) if a party fails to present evidence or submissions to a tribunal on an
issue which is a link in the tribunal’s chain of reasoning, either because the
party fails to appreciate that the issue is before the tribunal through
mistake or misunderstanding or because the party makes a conscious tactical
choice not to engage the opposing party on that issue: Triulzi at [137].

(i) Finally, and axiomatically, it is not a breach of natural justice for a
tribunal simply to make an error in its award: BLC v BLB [2014] 4 SLR 79 at
[53].

35 In addition to showing that a breach of natural justice has taken place, a
party seeking to set aside an award under s 24(b) of the International
Arbitration Act must also establish two additional factors: (a) that the
breach of natural justice “occurred in connection with the making of the
award”, ie, that there is a causal nexus between the breach of natural justice
and the aspect of the award with which the party is aggrieved (Soh Beng Tee at
[73]); and (b) that the breach of natural justice caused actual or real
prejudice to the party (Soh Beng Tee at [86]), though it need not show that
the prejudice is substantial (Soh Beng Tee [91]).

No breach of natural justice on liability

36 I begin my analysis with the first limb of the plaintiffs’ case on natural
justice. Their case is that the arbitrator failed to give them a reasonable
opportunity to be heard on whether he could in principle hold them liable to
the defendants in damages even if he found that rescission was barred. In
other words, the arbitrator went wrong by going beyond his holding at [22(e)]
above. The plaintiffs submit that, on the parties’ cases as pleaded and
presented to the arbitrator, he ought to have dismissed the defendants’ claim
upon arriving at that holding in his chain of reasoning. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 15, lines 1–4 and p 16, lines 14–17.

37 The premise of this argument is that the defendants did not plead a claim
for damages for misrepresentation in the alternative to rescission for
misrepresentation. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PWS at paras 20, 38; Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 15, lines 4–11.

I do not accept this premise. The defendants’ pleadings, when read in their
evolving context, show that the defendants did advance a case for damages in
the alternative to rescission. Further, the plaintiffs’ conduct at the
evidential hearing shows that they accepted that this was one of the issues
which the arbitrator would have to decide. I now turn to examine the parties’
pleadings.

The statement of claim

38 The defendants’ principal pleading was their statement of claim. The
statement of claim pleads alternative causes of action against the plaintiffs
in misrepresentation 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 81, para 127; p 98, paras 193 and 195.

and in contract: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

[CDX]’s affidavit, p 98 at para 196 et seq.

193\. [The plaintiffs] fraudulently made representations to induce [the
defendants] into relying on them and thereby entering into the RIA and RSA.

194\. [The first plaintiff], in his personal capacity and as a representative
of [the second plaintiff] made the representations fraudulently in that he
knew they were false or reckless, not caring whether they were true or false.

195\. Further or in the alternative, if, which is not admitted, each or any of
the representations was not made fraudulently, the [defendants] shall rely
upon the provisions of Section 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390)
entitling them in the circumstances to the relief claimed.

…

205\. As a result of [the plaintiffs] fraudulent and/or negligent
misrepresentations, and breach of contract, [the defendants] suffered loss and
damage.

The defendants continued to assert these alternative causes of action against
the plaintiffs all the way to the award.

The width of the defendants’ pleading

39 For the reasons which follow, my view is that the defendant’s statement of
claim was wide enough to encompass a claim for damages for all varieties of
misrepresentation and to yield damages as a remedy in addition to and as an
alternative to rescission. The claims pleaded in the defendant’s statement of
claim encompassed the tort of fraudulent misrepresentation, the statutory tort
of negligent misrepresentation inducing a contract under s 2(1) of the
Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), innocent
misrepresentation under s 2(2) of the Act and the common law tort of negligent
misrepresentation in Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd [1964] AC
465 (“Hedley Byrne”).

40 Paragraphs 193 and 194 of the statement of claim (see [38] above) expressly
plead the claim in fraudulent misrepresentation.

41 Paragraph 195 of the statement of claim advances a claim sounding in
damages for both statutory negligent misrepresentation and for innocent
misrepresentation. That is because paragraph 195 expressly pleads a claim
under s 2 of the Act. Section 2 of the Act creates two grounds of relief. By
referring to s 2 of the Act generally, paragraph 195 therefore pleads a cause
of action under each of s 2(1) and s 2(2). Section 2(1) of the Act creates a
statutory cause of action for a negligent misrepresentation. That cause of
action is available to a misrepresentee when a misrepresentor’s
misrepresentation induces the misrepresentee to enter into a contract and
without any need to establish a duty of care in tort. Section 2(2) allows a
court to award damages for either a negligent or an innocent misrepresentation
(see RBC Properties Pte Ltd v Defu Furniture Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 997 (“RBC
Properties”) at [67] per Andrew Phang JA; Salt v Stratstone Specialist Ltd
[2015] EWCA Civ 745 (“Salt v Stratstone”) at [17] per Longmore LJ).

42 Paragraph 205 pleads a claim in the common law tort of negligent
misrepresentation under the principle in Hedley Byrne. That is because
paragraph 205 pleads negligent misrepresentation simpliciter. This plea makes
no reference to s 2 of the Act and is distinct from the separate plea in
paragraph 195 which does. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 109, para 205.

The plea in paragraph 205 can therefore only be a claim for negligent
misrepresentation at common law, ie, under the principle in Hedley Byrne.

The scope of the arbitration agreement

43 All of these claims are within the scope of the parties’ arbitration
agreement in the contracts. The operative words of the arbitration agreement
in the RSA read as follows: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 243, para 17.2.

Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any
question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred
to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the
Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre ("SIAC
Rules") for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated
by reference in this Clause…

The operative words of the arbitration agreements in the IA, the SA and the
RIA are identical to these words in the RSA.

44 A claim for breach of contract is clearly within the scope of the
arbitration agreement. So too is a claim for damages under either limb of s 2
of the Act arising from that contract. So too, in my view, is a claim for
damages at common law for inducing the defendants to enter into that contract
either in the tort of fraudulent misrepresentation or in the tort of negligent
misrepresentation under Hedley Byrne. Such a claim is – on a conceptual level
– accurately described as a “dispute arising out of or in connection with”
that contract. Such a claim is especially one which raises a “question
regarding [the contract’s] existence, validity or termination”. This is
because rescission is the primary remedy for all misrepresentation claims, and
rescission avoids a contract ab initio (see also Fiona Trust & Holding
Corporation v Privalov [2007] 2 All ER (Comm) 1053 at [13], per Lord Hoffman).

45 In any event, the plaintiffs have thus far accepted without objection that
the defendants’ claims in tort for fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation
come within the scope of the parties’ arbitration agreement in the RSA and
therefore within the jurisdiction of the arbitrator (subject only to the
plaintiffs’ separate reservation on jurisdiction (see [25]–[27] above)).
Certainly, the plaintiffs have never suggested, whether in the arbitration or
before me, that claims in tort are by that fact alone outside the scope of the
parties’ arbitration agreement.

The prayers in the statement of claim

46 The defendants concluded their statement of claim with the following
prayers for relief in paragraph 206: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 109, para 206.

206\. [The defendants] thus seek the following reliefs [sic], for which [the
plaintiffs] are to be jointly and severally liable:

a. A declaration that the RIA and RSA are rescinded on the grounds of
fraudulent misrepresentation, alternatively, negligent or innocent
misrepresentation;

b. A declaration that the IA, SA are rescinded on the grounds of fraudulent
misrepresentation, alternatively, negligent or innocent misrepresentation;

c. A return of [the total monies invested by the defendants];

d. Interest on the loans extended at a rate of 10% per annum;

e. Damages to be assessed;

f. Alternatively, damages for misrepresentation pursuant to Section 2 of the
Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390);

g. Interest;

h. Costs;

i. Such further or other relief as this Honourable Tribunal deems just and
necessary.

47 Prayer (e) prays for “Damages to be assessed”. The defendants submit that
prayers (a) to (b) pray for rescission and prayer (c) prays for the
consequences of rescission. Prayer (e) prays for damages at common law in the
alternative to rescission, ie, if rescission is denied. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 48, line 14 to p 50, line 13.

Prayer (f) prays for damages under the Act in the alternative to damages at
common law.

48 The plaintiffs do not accept this interpretation. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendants’ Supplementary Submissions dated 4 March 2020 (“DSS”) at paras
21–22.

They submit that prayer (e) is just like prayer (c) and is therefore a prayer
for relief only if rescission is granted under prayers (a) and (b). They point
out that prayer (f) is the only prayer introduced by the word “Alternatively”.
Prayer (e) is not qualified by the same word. The plaintiffs therefore submit
that the natural reading of prayer (e) is that it is a claim for relief which
is dependent upon rescission and not a claim for relief in the alternative to
rescission. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 24, line 21 to p 25, line 12.

49 Prayer (e) must be interpreted in context and not in isolation. Its context
includes all the other prayers for relief in paragraph 206 of the statement of
claim. In that context, it appears to me that the plaintiffs’ submission is
wrong. That is because prayer (d) is unconnected to rescission. Prayer (d) is
a claim for contractual interest due to the defendants under a specific clause
of the RSA on the aggregate sum of $1,005,000 which the defendants lent to the
plaintiffs after they entered into the RSA in an attempt to salvage their
investment. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5214, paras 498–499.

That claim, framed as a contractual claim, can stand only if rescission is
denied. That suggests to me that only prayer (c) is advanced as relief sought
as a consequence of rescission and that prayers (d) onwards are not.

50 But it also seems to me that the context for interpreting prayer (e) is far
wider than just the other prayers in paragraph 206. Prayer (e) must be read in
the wider context of the entirety of the statement of claim as well as the
notice of arbitration, the response to the notice of arbitration, the parties’
subsequent pleadings and, most importantly, the general law. It is now
necessary, therefore, to state some propositions from the general law on the
nature of rescission which form part of the wider context in which prayer (e)
must be read.

On the nature of rescission

51 Rescission is the dissolution of a contract ab initio on the ground that
the apparent assent of a party to the contract is vitiated by one or more of
the factors recognised by law. The remedy of rescission therefore vindicates
the right of that party to withdraw his assent to the contract and to be
restored to his pre-contractual position. The right is vindicated by reversing
the exchange of benefits under the rescinded contract. This reversal must of
necessity be bilateral. Rescission therefore necessarily entails restoring not
only the rescinding party but also the counterparty to its pre-contractual
position.

52 Rescission is a remedy both at common law and in equity. Rescission is
available at common law for a contract induced by misrepresentation. But
common law rescission is available only if the contract is induced by
fraudulent misrepresentation. Common law rescission is not available for
contracts induced by any other variety of misrepresentation, ie, negligent or
innocent.

53 Like all common law remedies, rescission at common law is available as of
right to every representee who can establish the prerequisites for its grant.
A common law court has no discretion to withhold rescission.

54 One of the prerequisites for common law rescission is that it must be
possible to effect precise and complete restitutio in integrum, ie, a precise
and complete reversal of the benefits exchanged under a rescinded contract.
Even a precise and complete reversal, however, may not suffice to restore a
misrepresentee to its pre-contractual position. That could happen, for
example, if the misrepresentee has incurred expenses by paying money to third
parties in order to perform its obligations under the rescinded contract. In
that situation, the common law has the power to award the usual common law
remedy of damages in addition to common law rescission. But if a
misrepresentee cannot establish any of the prerequisites for common law
rescission, including the ability to effect precise and complete restitutio in
integrum, the claim for rescission must fail. The only remedy available then
at common law is the usual remedy of damages instead of rescission.

55 Even if a claim for rescission at common law fails, a claim for rescission
in equity may yet be available. Equitable rescission is wider and more
flexible than common law rescission. It is wider than common law rescission
because it is available as a remedy for a contract induced by negligent and
innocent misrepresentation, not just fraudulent misrepresentation. It is more
flexible than common law rescission because it does not require precise and
complete restitutio in integrum. It requires only substantial restitutio in
integrum. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5207, para 487.

All that is required is that “practical justice” can be done in restoring the
misrepresentee and misrepresentor to their pre-contractual positions (Salt v
Stratstone at [30]).

56 Equitable rescission may be supplemented by other equitable remedies as
necessary to do justice between the parties. Thus, for example, equitable
rescission may be supplemented by the taking of an account where that is
necessary to reflect the benefits which a misrepresentee has received under
the rescinded contract or the losses which a misrepresentor will suffer as a
result of rescinding the contract. Equitable rescission can also be
accompanied by an equitable indemnity to make a misrepresentee whole for the
losses it has suffered or will suffer in the performance of its obligations
under the rescinded contract.

57 Equity cannot, however, accompany rescission with an award of “damages”
stricto sensu. Damages are solely a common law remedy. Equity cannot award
damages save where expressly permitted by statute. For example, s 18(2) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2013 Rev Ed) read with paragraph 14
of the First Schedule allows a court to award damages in lieu of an injunction
or specific performance. An example more pertinent for present purposes is s
2(2) of the Act, which allows a court to award damages in addition to or in
lieu of equitable rescission, but only for negligent or innocent
misrepresentation. There is no general statutory power which permits equity to
award damages in addition to or in lieu of equitable rescission and, in
particular, for fraudulent misrepresentation. The pecuniary compensation which
equity awards is not “damages” but “equitable compensation”. And even then,
equity awards equitable compensation only for an equitable wrong such as a
breach of fiduciary duty. Inducing a misrepresentee to enter into a contract
may yield the remedy of rescission in equity but is not an equitable wrong.

58 This historical anomaly creates no remedial gap, only a terminological gap.
Our courts administer both law and equity concurrently and can therefore award
every type of relief for misrepresentation, whether at common law or in
equity, in every civil cause or matter (see s 3(h) of the Civil Law Act (Cap
43, 1999 Rev Ed)). So it is indeed now possible for a misrepresentee to seek
rescission and damages from the same court and in the same action. But it
remains the case that equitable rescission and common law damages are two
remedies which come from two different historical sources. The court invokes
two separate jurisdictions to grant the two remedies and any associated
remedies. To put it another way, equitable rescission can be accompanied only
by other equitable relief. Common law rescission can be accompanied only by
other common law relief. It is therefore only in a claim in fraudulent
misrepresentation that a prayer which seeks both rescission and “damages” can
seek them cumulatively. That is because only the common law can grant
rescission in addition to “damages” stricto sensu and because it is only for
fraudulent misrepresentation that common law rescission is available. In all
other cases, a prayer which seeks both rescission and “damages” must
necessarily be seeking them as mutually exclusive alternatives.

59 Equitable rescission is also more precarious than common law rescission.
Unlike common law rescission, equitable rescission is a discretionary remedy.
Even if all the prerequisites for equitable rescission are made out, the
remedy may yet be denied on any of the grounds upon which equitable relief may
generally be denied, eg, by applying the maxims that those who come to equity
must come with clean hands or that those who seek equity must do equity. In
addition, there are four specific situations in which equitable rescission
will be barred when it is sought as a remedy for misrepresentation: (a) if the
misrepresentee has affirmed the contract; (b) if substantial restitutio in
integrum (in the sense of doing practical justice) is not possible; (c) if
there has been an inordinate lapse of time; or (d) if bona fide third parties
have purchased rights for value in any property which would be affected by
rescission.

Analysis of the prayer in the statement of claim

60 I now return to the prayers in the defendants’ statement of claim. Prayer
(c), read in context, is certainly sought as a consequence of rescission. But
even when prayer (e) is read in the context prayers (a) to (c), it is
reasonably capable of being read as a claim for damages in the alternative,
ie, even if rescission is denied. I say that for two reasons.

61 First, prayer (e) is reasonably capable of being read as encompassing a
claim for damages without rescission. The defendants’ statement of claim
advances two claims, both of which sound in damages and both of which have no
connection to rescission. These are the defendants’ alternative claims for
negligent misrepresentation outside s 2 of the Act 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 109, para 205.

and for damages for breach of contract (see [39] above). There is no power at
common law or in equity to award “damages” in addition to rescission for
negligent misrepresentation outside s 2 of the Act. That is because at common
law, damages can be awarded in addition to rescission only for fraudulent
misrepresentation, not for non-fraudulent misrepresentation. And in equity,
the monetary compensation which can be awarded in addition to rescission for
negligent misrepresentation is not an award of “damages”, it is an
“indemnity”. In short, the power to award “damages” for a negligent
misrepresentation arises only either under s 2 of the Act, or at common law on
the principle in Hedley Byrne (see RBC Properties at [64]–[66] per Andrew
Phang JA).

62 Accordingly, prayer (e) cannot be read as a claim for monetary compensation
in equity in addition to rescission in equity if the defendants can prove only
negligent misrepresentation (otherwise, it would pray for an “indemnity”, not
“damages”). It equally cannot be read as a statutory claim for damages under s
2 of the Act (since the statutory claim is covered by prayer (f)). The
plaintiffs are therefore wrong to say without qualification that prayer (e)
“covers consequential damages where the order for rescission does not fully
compensate the representee”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 13, para 37.

A prayer for “damages” has that meaning only for fraudulent misrepresentation,
the only type of claim for which the common law remedy of damages can
accompany the common law remedy of rescission. Prayer (e) is therefore
reasonably capable, at the very least, of encompassing damages for negligent
misrepresentation without equitable rescission. To that extent, it is
reasonably capable of being read as a claim for damages independent of
rescission, ie, as an alternative to rescission.

63 The statement of claim also advances a claim for breach of contract as an
alternative to the defendants’ claim for fraudulent misrepresentation.
Rescission is not a remedy for breach of contract. Indeed, seeking damages for
breach of a contract and seeking rescission of the contract are mutually
exclusive remedies. The defendants never abandoned their claim for breach of
contract. As a result, the arbitrator had to deal with the claim in contract
in his award (see [22(n)] above). 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5518, para 309.

There is no other prayer in paragraph 206 which could possibly be read as
seeking damages on the defendants’ claim in contract. Prayer (e) is therefore
reasonably capable, at the very least, of encompassing damages for breach of
contract. To that extent also, it is reasonably capable of being read as a
claim for damages independent of rescission, ie, as an alternative to
rescission.

64 Second, an award of “damages” with or without rescission is a possibility
in every misrepresentation claim. Rescission may be denied both at common law
and in equity. When rescission is denied, a misrepresentee can recover
“damages” stricto sensu (ie, as opposed to an equitable indemnity) only: (a)
in the tort of deceit for fraudulent misrepresentation; (b) under the
principle in Hedley Byrne for negligent misrepresentation; or (c) under s 2(1)
of the Act for negligent misrepresentation. Against this context, the plain
wording of prayer (e) is broad. It is not qualified by any express link to
rescission. It is reasonably capable on its face of being read as a claim for
damages for misrepresentation independent of rescission, ie, as an alternative
to rescission.

65 This conclusion is buttressed by two general points. First, the burden to
plead and prove that equitable rescission is barred rests on the
misrepresentor, not on the misrepresentee (Salt v Stratstone at [25]). A
misrepresentee therefore has no way of knowing, when it frames its pleadings,
whether the misrepresentor will or will not plead a bar to rescission. Any
rational and well-advised misrepresentee will therefore frame its pleadings in
order to maximise its ability to succeed in its claim, whatever defences the
misrepresentor might choose to plead in response. Second, I am mindful of the
principle (which the plaintiffs themselves accept) that pleadings in
arbitration should not be read as strictly or as technically as pleadings in
litigation are. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 27, lines 22–25.

66 For these reasons, I do not think that the missing qualifier
“Alternatively” in prayer (e) is so significant as to lead to the conclusion
that the unqualified words of prayer (e) are incapable of bearing the meaning
which the defendants contend they have. In my view, prayer (e) can reasonably
be read as a claim for damages at large, to be assessed for breach of contract
or for any of the varieties of misrepresentation which can yield damages
without rescission.

67 As matters stood at the date of the statement of claim, therefore, I hold
that prayer (e) was reasonably capable of being read as a claim for damages to
be assessed in any of the following events: (a) if the defendants succeed in
their claim for breach of contract; (b) if the defendants succeed in their
claim for fraudulent misrepresentation and rescission is granted; (c) if the
defendants succeed in their claim for fraudulent misrepresentation and
rescission is denied; and (d) if the defendants succeed in their claim for
negligent misrepresentation under the principle in Hedley Byrne. Of course,
the defendants were not obliged to pursue every one of these claims. But they
had pleaded their case sufficiently widely that they retained the ability to
pursue any of these claims if they chose to, obviously within the procedural
bounds of the arbitration. To put it another way, if they were precluded from
pursuing any of these claims, it would not be because the wording of their
pleadings was too narrow to permit it.

The statement of defence

68 The plaintiffs’ statement of defence advances a defence only to the
defendants’ substantive claim. It does not advance any defence specific to the
remedies which the defendants claim in their statement of claim. Thus, the
statement of defence limits itself to denying the principal elements of the
defendants’ substantive claim for misrepresentation and breach of contract. It
advances no separate defence to the plaintiffs’ remedial claim for rescission:
95

##### Foot Note 95

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 1102, paras 163–164.

163\. Paragraphs 201 to 206 of the [statement of claim] are denied and the
[defendants] are put to strict proof thereof.

164\. In any event, regardless of any representations made by [the first
plaintiff] (which is expressly denied), pursuant to Clause 15.4.5 of the RSA,
[the first plaintiff’s] total liability shall be restricted to S$1 million.

The plaintiffs’ decision not to advance a remedial defence is significant. The
burden is on the plaintiffs, as the misrepresentor, to plead and prove that
rescission is barred (Salt v Stratstone at [25]). Merely raising a substantive
defence to a misrepresentation claim for which rescission is sought as a
remedy is therefore insufficient to put the bars to rescission in play as a
remedial defence.

69 The statement of defence could not, of course, change the text of the
statement of claim. But the statement of defence could and did change the
context of the statement of claim. Reading the statement of claim in the new
context supplied by the statement of defence, I accept that the statement of
claim and prayer (e) could not be read as advancing a claim for damages
without rescission. But that is not because of any limitation inherent in the
words of the statement of claim or of prayer (e). It is simply because the
text of the statement of claim and prayer (e) must be read in the context of a
statement of defence which does not plead that rescission is barred. In that
context, prayer (e) obviously cannot be read as a claim for damages in the
alternative if rescission is barred. The statement of defence simply did not
put that issue in play in the arbitration.

The reply

70 The next pleading was the defendants’ reply in August 2017. In their reply,
the defendants responded to a statement of defence which did not plead that
rescission was barred. The defendants’ reply expressly reiterated the prayers
at paragraph 206 of the defendants’ statement of claim. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 1845, para 523.

71 Although the reply restated prayer (e), it remained the case that prayer
(e) could still not be read, in the total context, as a claim for damages in
the alternative if rescission is barred.

The lists of issues

72 The parties were unable to agree on a list of issues. They therefore
submitted separate lists of issues to the arbitrator. The defendants’ list of
issues treats rescission and damages as two separate and distinct issues, with
rescission aimed at restoring the defendants to their pre-contractual position
and damages aimed at compensating for loss: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

[Defence Witness]’ affidavit dated 26 September 2019 at p 133.

24\. Whether the RIA / RSA / IA / SA should be rescinded such that [the
defendants] be put back into a situation in which they had not invested at all
in the Company;

25\. To what extent should [the first plaintiff] and/or [the second plaintiff]
should pay damages to [the first defendant] and/or [the second defendant] for
their loss and/or damage suffered.

73 The plaintiffs’ list of issues also treats rescission and damages as two
separate and distinct issues. The plaintiffs’ issue 4 characterises one of the
issues before the arbitrator as whether the defendants are entitled to
rescission or to damages, the disjunctive “or” being significant: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

[Defence Witness]’ affidavit dated 26 September 2019 at p 125.

4\. Whether the [defendants] prove that in the event if it is proved that
there was inducement or any fraudulent and/or negligent and/or innocent
misrepresentation by the [plaintiffs], then these fraudulent and/or negligent
and/or innocent misrepresentation were of the nature which entitles them to
rescind the RIA and RSA or claim damages on these grounds?

[emphasis added]

74 The position on the pleadings, however, remained unchanged after the
parties exchanged their lists of issues. The plaintiffs had yet to raise the
issue formally of whether rescission was barred, ie, by pleading it in their
statement of defence. Nor had the plaintiffs raised that issue informally, eg,
by including it in their list of issues or even in correspondence with the
defendants or the arbitrator. The issue of rescission being barred was simply
not in play in the arbitration.

75 The arbitration had proceeded up to this stage on the basis that the
defendants’ claim for rescission would follow as a matter of course if the
defendants succeeded in their misrepresentation claim. That is because
rescission is the normal remedy for all varieties of misrepresentation
(British and Commonwealth Holdings v Quadrex [1995] CLC 1169 at 1199–1200). In
the absence of any attempt to advance a claim on the principle in Hedley
Byrne, the only issue on damages which was in play in the arbitration was
whether the defendants could recover damages in addition to rescission at
common law for fraudulent misrepresentation or under s 2 of the Act.

76 Neither party sought to bifurcate the evidential hearing into a liability
phase and a damages phase. As a result, throughout the arbitration, both
parties were aware that they were proceeding to a single climactic evidential
hearing at which the arbitrator and each party expected both parties to bring
forward all of their evidence on their entire case at once, ie, on the facts
and on the law and on all issues relating to both liability and quantum. And
both parties were aware that, after the evidential hearing and the post-
hearing submissions, the arbitrator would deliver his award on all issues of
both liability and quantum.

The opening statements

77 The defendants served their opening statement shortly before the evidential
hearing was scheduled to begin in May 2018. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3688.

The defendants maintained their causes of action: (a) misrepresentation; and
(b) breach of contract. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3711, para 49.

The defendants’ opening statement also included a verbatim reproduction of
paragraph 206 from the statement of claim. The defendants therefore reiterated
prayer (e) praying for damages to be assessed. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3718, para 61.

The plaintiffs raise the bars to rescission for the first time

78 The plaintiffs’ opening statement was delayed because the May 2018 hearing
dates were postponed due to the first plaintiff’s illness.

79 The plaintiffs served their opening statement in July 2018, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 3817 and 3825.

just one week before the re-fixed evidential hearing. For the first time, the
plaintiffs raised the remedial defence that rescission was barred on grounds
of affirmation, lapse of time or substantial restitutio in integrum being
impossible: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3824, para 21.

21\. Further, it will be argued that the [defendants] are not entitled to
rescission of the RIA and RSA on account of:

a. RIA and RSA having been affirmed subsequent to notice of the alleged
misrepresentations inasmuch as rights over charged assets have been exercised
by the [defendants];

b. The [defendants] being responsible for considerable time to lapse
subsequent to the alleged misrepresentations;

c. It being not possible for the parties to be placed in the same position
that they held prior to execution of the RIA and RSA (status quo ante)
inasmuch as the Company has been completely robbed of its assets and value on
account of the acts and omissions of the [defendants].

80 The plaintiffs did not raise the remedial defence in any formal way in the
arbitration, whether before or after they served their opening statement. The
plaintiffs also had never before raised the remedial defence informally, eg,
in their response to the notice of arbitration, in their list of issues, in
their witness statements or even simply in correspondence either with the
arbitrator or the defendants. The plaintiffs were, however, clearly determined
to pursue the new remedial defence at the evidential hearing scheduled to
begin in a week’s time.

81 The arbitrator had three choices open to him. His first choice was to
require the plaintiffs to amend their statement of defence to plead formally
the new remedial defence. But that would have required permitting the
defendants to amend their reply to respond to the new defence. That would in
turn have required permitting the plaintiffs to file a rejoinder so that they
could have the final plea on a defence on which they bore the burden of proof.
That would also have required reopening discovery and directing the parties to
exchange supplemental witness statements on the new factual issues which the
remedial defence raised. The evidential hearing would also in all likelihood
have to be postponed, with all of the attendant cost, delay and inconvenience
to the parties and to their witnesses.

82 The arbitrator’s second choice was to shut the plaintiffs out from pursuing
the remedial defence entirely. But the defendants were not asking the
arbitrator to do that. The defendants gave every indication that they were
happy to deal with the remedial defence on the merits. In any event, shutting
out the plaintiffs would have deprived the plaintiffs of a remedial defence on
which they appeared to have a good case, and on which they indeed ultimately
succeeded.

83 The arbitrator’s third choice was to allow the plaintiffs to raise the
remedial defence informally and to allow the defendants to respond to it
informally, without postponing the evidential hearing. This is the approach
which the arbitrator adopted, in the absence of any request to the contrary by
either party. The plaintiffs were content to proceed in this way without any
procedural accommodation. At this point, if anyone could have complained about
a breach of natural justice arising from the plaintiffs raising the remedial
defence at short notice and informally, it would have been the defendants. But
the defendants too were content to proceed in this way. They did not ask for
leave to amend their reply, to reopen discovery, to supplement their witness
statements or to postpone the evidential hearing.

84 From this point forward, the plaintiffs adopted the remedial defence as an
integral part of their response to the defendants’ case. The plaintiffs did
not require the defendants to amend their pleadings to take a position as to
what should happen to the defendants’ claim in misrepresentation if the
remedial defence succeeded. The plaintiffs were content to proceed without
knowing whether the defendants agreed that the defendants’ claim should fail
entirely if the remedial defences succeeded. If the plaintiffs were now
proceeding blind, this was ultimately the result of the plaintiffs’ own
belated decision to raise the remedial defence at short notice and informally.

This was a new point, not merely a responsive point

85 The plaintiffs submit that they raised the remedial defence in their
opening statement for the first time only because the defendants “sneakily”
revealed to the plaintiffs in two paragraphs of a witness statement for the
first time that the defendants had appointed receivers under the RSA who had
sold the Company’s charged assets and paid $618,312.30 over to the defendants.
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 2159, paras 139–140.

The plaintiffs suggest that the defendants, by these paragraphs, adopted and
sprung affirmation as part of the defendants’ case on the plaintiffs at the
eleventh hour. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

[CDX]’s 2nd affidavit dated 30 October 2019 (“[CDX]’s 2nd affidavit”) at paras
93–94.

The plaintiffs suggest further that there was some sort of burden on the
defendants to disclose and plead affirmation as a material fact, which the
defendants failed to comply with.

86 The plaintiffs are incorrect on every level, whether as a matter of fact or
as a matter of law.

87 As a matter of fact, the purpose of the paragraphs which the plaintiffs
point to in the witness statement, read in context, is not to advance any sort
of a pre-emptive case on affirmation. The purpose of these paragraphs is
twofold. The first purpose is simply to recount as part of the factual
background the events which occurred after the parties’ dispute arose. These
paragraphs are thus the concluding paragraphs under the heading “Dispute
Conciliation Proceedings and the Appointment of Receivers” in the witness
statement. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 2158.

The second purpose is to disclose to the arbitrator a benefit which the
defendants had received under the contract. The defendants thereby signalled
to the arbitrator and to the plaintiffs that the defendants were prepared to
bring that benefit into account in if rescission were granted.

88 As a matter of law, the burden to plead and prove that rescission is barred
rests on the misrepresentor, not on the misrepresentee (Salt v Stratstone at
[25]). It was therefore for the plaintiffs to plead and prove this remedial
defence, not for the defendants pre-emptively to plead and disprove it. I
assume in favour of the plaintiffs that they did not know the factual basis
for raising pleading affirmation as a remedial defence until they read this
witness statement. Even then, however, the plaintiffs never pleaded that
rescission was barred by affirmation. All they did was to raise affirmation in
this informal way in their opening statement.

89 The most that can be said about a connection between these two paragraphs
of the witness statement and the plaintiffs’ remedial defence is that the two
paragraphs disclosed facts to the plaintiffs for the first time which allowed
the plaintiffs to raise the defence. But what the plaintiffs did upon learning
these facts was entirely up to them. They were not obliged to raise the
defence. And if they chose to do so, they were not obliged to raise the
defence informally, through only the opening statement.

90 In fact, what the plaintiffs did went well beyond simply raising
affirmation as an issue. What they did was to raise all three of the bars to
rescission as a remedial defence in the arbitration, not just the one bar
plausibly disclosed by the witness statement.

91 The purposes of these two paragraphs in the defendants’ witness statement
are entirely unconnected to adopting affirmation as part of the defendants’
positive and pre-emptive case in the arbitration. The remedial defence raised
is in large part unconnected to the facts disclosed in the witness statement.
The plaintiffs’ position that they raised the remedial defence purely in
response to the defendants’ witness statement is disingenuous to say the
least.

The significance of paragraph 21

92 The remedial defence which the plaintiffs raised in paragraph 21 of their
opening statement (see [79] above) is significant. It could not and did not,
of course, change the text of the defendants’ pleadings. But paragraph 21 of
the plaintiffs’ opening statement could and did change radically the context
in which the defendants’ pleadings were now to be read. The context of the
defendants’ pleadings was not set in aspic. This new context shed a whole new
light on the prayers for relief in the statement of claim, and in particular
prayer (e). Read in this new context, what was latent in prayer (e) became
patent. The remedial defence engaged and enlivened the full scope of the
meaning of prayer (e). Until then, prayer (e) was only capable of advancing a
claim for damages even if rescission was barred. Now, read in context, prayer
(e) did advance that claim.

93 To put it another way, if the plaintiffs had applied for leave to amend
their statement of defence to plead the remedial defence as part of their
formal case in the arbitration, they would almost certainly have been granted
it, subject of course to the usual costs consequences. The defendants would
then have been permitted to make consequential amendments to their statement
of claim and to their reply. The statement of claim would not have required
amendment. The defendants would still have no reason to pre-empt the remedial
defence by introducing a new plea in their statement of claim. A statement of
claim is forensically anterior to a statement of defence and is not expected
to respond to an issue on which a claimant bears no burden of proof. The only
appropriate place for a response would be in the defendants’ reply. But, as
far as relief was concerned, the plaintiffs’ reply had already expressly
pleaded and restated all the prayers set out in paragraph 206 of the statement
of claim. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 1845, para 523.

That included in prayer (e) the general prayer for damages to be assessed. The
defendants could therefore have responded to the plaintiffs’ hypothetical
amendment without amending their existing pleadings at all, taking the
position that those pleadings were sufficiently wide without amendment to
encompass a claim for damages even rescission was barred.

94 So too, the plaintiffs’ remedial defence enlivened the full scope of the
meaning that issues 24 and 25 of the defendants’ list of issues (see [72]
above) and issue 4 of the plaintiffs’ list of issues (see [73] above) were
capable of bearing. In the new context, these issues now raised squarely the
question whether the arbitrator could award damages even if rescission was
barred. Contrary to the plaintiffs’ assertion, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

[CDX]’s 2nd affidavit at para 96.

that question was now very much in play. And it was in play not because of any
act of the arbitrator or of the defendants. It was in play because the
plaintiffs themselves had consciously chosen to put it in play by raising a
new remedial defence in their opening statement.

The commencement of the evidential hearing

95 The position when the evidential hearing began in July 2018 was as follows.
The plaintiffs had given the defendants notice, albeit short notice, that they
now relied on the remedial defence. The arbitrator appreciated that this had
an impact on the issues before him. Therefore, on the first day of the
hearing, before calling the first witness, the arbitrator asked defendants’
counsel what the defendants’ position would be if he found that rescission was
barred or withheld it in his discretion: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3839, line 4 to p 3841, line 14.

ARBITRATOR: … Now, there was one point that I was interested to hear from you…
your clients exercised some rights under the contract which effectively
enabled them to, and I may not have my words precisely right, but to liquidate
the assets of the company and to take some benefit from those assets. You're
asking me now to rescind the contract. Can I ask you what your position is as
to how I should approach that fact?

[Defendant’s counsel]: I think the charges given to the second [defendant],
and, if at the end of the day, if the position is that at law their position
[sc. rescission] is not permitted then we'll just go for damages because not
the entire investment has come back and the rest of it we will claim as
damages.

As for the second [defendant], they were ordinary shareholders and the
position is that they're entitled to rescind. At the end of the day, if you,
sir, find that the case has been made out of [sic] misrepresentation and
breaches of contract, if any.

ARBITRATOR: So as regards the first [defendant], do you say I can still
rescind, notwithstanding that that right --

[Defendants’ counsel]: The fact that there's been affirmation by sale of
assets that --

ARBITRATOR: Well, I didn't say affirmation but the fact that that sale of
assets, that's obviously what I have in my mind.

[Defendants’ counsel]: That's the argument that's being presented. I'll have
to look at it, sir, because the two agreements have cross-references, [RIA]
appears as a schedule. In the [RSA], all the parties from the [RIA] are back
on as parties to the [RSA], there are clauses on entire agreement and we will
have to see the knock-on effect of all these, what is the effect of all these
clauses.

At the end of the day, it might be a question of law and of intention of the
parties' construction of the contracts and how, sir, you will interpret those
contracts.

ARBITRATOR: Yes, but I would like to have your position, not necessarily now.

[Defendants’ counsel]: I will hold alternate positions. If the law is on the
RIA, if we are deemed to have barred the terms from being able to rescind the
contract assuming that the arguments are presented on the facts, then we will
claim for damages. In any event, on the RSA, all of them are parties, and the
common relief is sought for rescission and alternatively damages.

So we'll have to see how this plays out as a matter of construction, sir.

ARBITRATOR: Okay. And if I decide that I can't rescind or I'm not prepared to
rescind, but I'm persuaded that I should award damages, on what basis do I
assess those damages?

[Defendants’ counsel]: I would say on the basis that we have invested and that
we have only received 600,000 and the balance will remain to stand as damages.

[emphasis added]

The reference to “600,000” in the last paragraph is a reference to the sum of
$618,312.30 which the receivers realised from the sale of the Company’s
charged assets and paid to the first defendant (see [13] above).

96 In the last two paragraphs of this exchange, the arbitrator asked
defendants’ counsel expressly to state the defendants’ position in two events:
(a) if the arbitrator found that rescission was barred (“I can’t rescind”);
and (b) if the arbitrator did not find that rescission was barred but declined
in his discretion to award rescission (“I’m not prepared to rescind”).
Defendants’ counsel responded that the defendants would in both events seek
damages equivalent to the defendants’ investment less the $618,312.30
recovered through the receivers. Plaintiffs’ counsel was invited to respond to
this position. But the only response he advanced was to reiterate the
plaintiffs’ jurisdictional objections. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3841, line 17 to p 3843, line 24.

97 The defendants thereby gave notice to the plaintiffs that the defendants
were seeking an award of damages in the alternative to rescission if
rescission was denied. This was more than merely informal notice. This was a
position which was open to the defendants formally, on the defendants’
pleadings even without amendment, when read in the new context supplied by the
plaintiffs’ opening statement.

98 This exchange with the arbitrator therefore said nothing new. It merely
confirmed that the defendants were advancing a position in response to the
plaintiffs’ remedial defence which it was formally open to the plaintiffs to
advance.

99 The defendants’ position took nobody by surprise. The arbitrator gave no
indication of any surprise. He simply accepted that it was open to the
defendants to claim damages in the alternative to rescission. The plaintiffs
gave no indication of any surprise. They did not object to the defendants
making this claim, either in this exchange with the arbitrator or indeed at
any time before the arbitrator delivered his award. Nor did the plaintiffs ask
the arbitrator for time to consider how to address the defendants’ claim in
the evidential hearing which was about to start. That is because, for the
reasons I have already given, the defendants’ claim was an obvious claim, and
one legitimately and formally open to the defendants to make.

100 The evidential hearing therefore proceeded without objection on the basis
that: (a) the plaintiffs were raising the remedial defence that rescission was
barred; and (b) the defendants were claiming damages in the alternative to
rescission if rescission was denied for any reason.

The close of the evidential hearing

101 At the close of the evidential hearing, after the last witness had been
cross-examined and released, the arbitrator asked the parties to address these
very issues in their closing submissions. The arbitrator’s question is not
recorded in the transcript 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 4946, lines 9–14.

but is recorded in the defendants’ principal closing submissions: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5008, para 34(4).

The relief sought is rescission of everything (IA, SA, RIA, RSA). The learned
Tribunal asked if, for whatever reason, he cannot or decides not to rescind
the IA and SA, but decides to rescind the RSA / award damages in lieu of
rescission, he would like parties to tell him how to calculate those damages.

[emphasis added]

102 An award of “damages in lieu of rescission” is not a term of legal art. It
is simply an award of damages instead of rescission. The phrase can therefore
bear two meanings: (a) an award of damages instead of rescission because
rescission is barred; and (b) an award of damages instead of equitable
rescission because rescission is available but is withheld on discretionary
grounds.

103 In that sense, counsel for the plaintiffs is not correct to say that it is
a misnomer to call the arbitrator’s award an award of “damages in lieu of
rescission” because the term applies only to an award of damages where
rescission is not barred. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 18, lines 17–21.

Read with the arbitrator’s comments at the outset of the evidential hearing
(see [95] above), it is clear that he had both meanings in mind. On the
premise that the defendants were advancing an alternative claim for damages if
rescission was denied, whether because it was barred or on discretionary
grounds, the arbitrator framed this issue expressly to ask both parties to
address him in their closing submissions on how to calculate the defendants’
damages in both events.

The defendants’ principal closing submissions

104 In response to the issue raised by the arbitrator (see [101] above), the
defendants continued to take the position in their principal closing
submissions that they were entitled to damages in the alternative to
rescission, relying for authority on both textbooks and cases: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 5051–5052.

Response to Tribunal's 4th question: Measure of damages in lieu of rescission

121\. During the hearing, the learned Tribunal stated that [defendants’]
primary relief is the rescission of all the agreements (IA, SA, RIA, RSA).
Tribunal directed parties to submit how damages should be calculated where,
for whatever reason, the Tribunal cannot or decides not to rescind the IA and
SA, but decides to rescind the RSA / award damages in lieu of rescission.

Remedies for fraudulent misrepresentation

122\. Halsbury's Laws of Singapore: Tort (2015 Reissue, Vol. 18) at [240.376)
reads inter alia:

[W]here the representee has been induced by fraudulent misrepresentation to
enter in to a contract or binding transaction with the representor, he may
either maintain an action for damages, or repudiate the contract or
transaction .. However, these claims may be made alternatively in a single
writ and a claim for relief by way of rescission of a contract will not, it
seems, preclude an alternative or additional claim for the recovery of such
further damage as may have been suffered by a representee who, as a result of
a fraudulent misrepresentation, not only has entered into the contract but
also has further altered his position and suffered damage by reason of that
further alteration. [emphasis added]

See: CBA at Tab 24

The learned Tribunal is bound to award the equivalent of rescission and
indemnity in damages

123\. McGregor on Damages (2014, Thomson Reuters) in discussing innocent
misrepresentation at [47-071] reads inter alia:

If then the court declines to give rescission, what is the equivalent of
rescission in damages? Since the first and foremost aim of rescission is the
mutual restoration of benefits conferred, it is the equivalent of this which
will mark the starting point and indeed the prima facie measure. The claimant
who must retain what he has received and cannot have restored to him what he
has transferred will need, to be put monetarily into the same position as if
there had been mutual restoration, to be awarded the value transferred by him
less the actual value received by him. So far, this is the same as the normal
measure of damages in tort where the claimants has [sic] been induced to
contract by fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation. Next, there has to be
found the equivalent to the indemnity, which is available in the claim for
rescission, against the obligations arising under the contract. For if the
contract is not going to be rescinded, the claimant is going to have to
continue to bear and discharge those very obligations ... [emphasis added]

See: CBA at Tab 25

[emphasis in original]

105 The very next paragraph of the defendants’ principal closing submissions
cites the decision of the House of Lords in Smith New Court Securities Ltd v
Citibank NA [1997] 1 AC 254 (“Smith New Court”). 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5053, para 124.

That case was decided on the basis that a misrepresentee was seeking damages
against a misrepresentor without rescission (at 261C–D and at 262D–E). The
defendants then commenced the final substantive section of their submissions
by reiterating that they were seeking damages against the defendants in lieu
of rescission, relying on the extracts I have cited at [104] above and Smith
New Court as the applicable law. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5212, para 494.

106 The defendants’ principal closing submissions thus addressed directly the
issue which the arbitrator had raised, ie, how damages were to be assessed if
rescission were denied for whatever reason. In doing so, the defendants once
again put the plaintiffs on notice that they did not accept that any of the
bars to rescission which the defendants had raised (see [78] above) would be a
complete defence to their claim. It is true that the plaintiffs cited Smith
New Court not as authority for this proposition but as authority on the
measure of damages in lieu of rescission. But the defendants’ citation of the
case would have made it clear to the plaintiffs that the defendants were in
fact claiming damages even if rescission were denied, ie, as a remedy
alternative to rescission.

The plaintiffs’ principal closing submissions

107 As foreshadowed in their opening statement, the plaintiffs’ principal
closing submissions continued to raise the issue that rescission was barred
(see [78] above). More importantly, the plaintiffs accepted that the
defendants were claiming damages in the alternative to rescission (“rescission
or damages” italicised in the extract cited below) and responded directly to
it. The plaintiffs’ response was that if rescission was barred, an award of
damages to achieve the same economic effect as rescission was equally barred:
117

##### Foot Note 117

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5312, paras 59–60; p 5316, para 66.

59\. Without prejudice to the above, it is submitted that even if it is held
that the [plaintiffs] are guilty of misrepresentation and/or breach of
contract, the [defendants] have still not been able to make out a case for
rescission or damages.

60\. It is submitted that the [defendants] have lost their right to rescind
for the following reasons …

…

66\. It is finally submitted that in the present case the [defendants] can
also not be awarded damages by permitting them to recover the remainder of
their investment after accounting for the amount realized by them by sale of
the charged assets, since that would in effect amount to granting the
[defendants] the same benefit as rescission, even though rescission is
evidently impermissible in the facts of the case.

[emphasis added]

Although it is not my concern on this application, this proposition is quite
clearly wrong in law. The authorities cited by the defendants (see [104]–[105]
above) establish quite clearly that a claim for common law damages for
misrepresentation will not fail simply because rescission is barred.

The responsive closing submissions

108 The defendants’ responsive closing submissions maintained that rescission
was not barred 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 5407–5414, paras 158–165.

and maintained that the defendants were entitled to damages even if rescission
was barred, ie, in the alternative to rescission: 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5407, para 157.

157\. For the avoidance of doubt, the [defendants] state at the outset that
even where rescission is not possible, it is trite law that the [defendants]
are still entitled to damages suffered as a result of the [plaintiffs]
misrepresentations. …

109 The plaintiffs’ responsive closing submissions dealt with the specific
issue framed by the arbitrator (see [101] above). They maintained their
position that the defendants were not entitled to damages if rescission was
barred, but for a slightly different reason than that advanced in their
principal closing submission (see [107] above): 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5433, paras 25–26.

III. DAMAGES IN LIEU OF RESCISSION

(ISSUE NO.4 IN [DEFENDANTS’] CLOSING SUBMISSIONS)

25\. It is important to mention at the outset that the [defendants] have
offered no rebuttal in their Closing Submissions to the bars to rescission
pleaded by the Respondents in its Opening Statement before this Hon’ble
Tribunal.

26\. Insofar as the issue of damages in lieu of rescission is concerned, the
[defendants] have now after the conclusion of the hearing attempted to set up
an entirely new case: (i) which has never been pleaded or quantified before,
(ii) with respect to which no supporting material or documents have been
supplied, and (iii) which has not even been tested in evidence.

110 The transition from paragraph 25 to paragraph 26 shows that the argument
which the plaintiffs were now raising as to what should happen if the
arbitrator found rescission to be barred was that the plaintiffs had failed
properly to plead, quantify and prove their loss and damage. This implicitly
accepts that it is open to the arbitrator to award damages in the alternative
to rescission. But, to be fair to the plaintiffs, they did not abandon the
argument of law raised in their principal closing submissions (see [107]
above).

111 The plaintiffs’ closing submissions were therefore advancing two
alternative arguments to meet the defendants’ claim for damages in the absence
of rescission: (a) a legal argument that, if rescission was barred, an
alternative claim for damages to achieve the same economic result as
rescission was equally barred; and (b) a procedural or evidential argument
that the defendants had failed to plead, quantify and prove their loss and
damage. The important point is that the plaintiffs did not even suggest, let
alone allege, that they had not been given reasonable notice of the
defendants’ case that the defendants were entitled to damages if rescission
was denied, or a reasonable opportunity of being heard on that aspect of the
defendants’ case.

Conclusion on liability

112 I find it impossible to identify any failure by the arbitrator or any link
in the arbitrator’s chain of reasoning in his award which could conceivably
amount to a breach of natural justice on the issue of the plaintiffs’
liability in damages to the defendants if rescission was denied.

113 Formally, the defendants pleaded a substantive claim in fraud with a
prayer for consequential relief seeking rescission and damages. The
defendants’ prayer was wide enough to cover a claim for damages both in
addition to rescission (if rescission was granted) and instead of rescission
(if rescission was denied). The plaintiffs bore the burden of pleading and
proving a bar to rescission as a remedial defence. But the plaintiffs pleaded
only that the defendants were not entitled to any relief at all, ie, only a
substantive defence. They did not plead a remedial defence even as an
alternative. As a result, the defendants chose never to put in play formally
in the arbitration the issue of what should happen remedially if the
defendants succeeded on fraud but failed on rescission.

114 The formal position at the close of pleadings therefore was that
rescission would follow as a matter of course if the defendants established
fraud. The only issue on remedies which was in play was the mechanics of
rescission.

115 Informally, however, the plaintiffs did put in play the issue of what
should happen remedially if the defendants succeeded on fraud but failed on
rescission. They did this when they served their opening statement raising the
remedial defence for the first time. Neither the arbitrator nor the defendants
required the plaintiffs to amend their statement of defence to plead this
defence, whether before or after serving the opening statement. Neither the
arbitrator nor the plaintiffs required the defendants to amend their statement
of claim or reply to plead a response. Both parties and the arbitrator
proceeded to and through the evidential hearing on the basis that the
defendants had reasonable notice of this remedial defence without need for
amendment. They proceeded also on the basis that the plaintiffs had reasonable
notice of the defendants’ position in response without need for amendment. The
plaintiffs put the remedial defence in play knowing that the evidential
hearing was not bifurcated. They thus knew that they were expected to and
obliged to bring forward their entire case on liability and quantum, including
all consequential issues arising from their remedial defence, at the
evidential hearing.

116 The forensic consequence of the plaintiffs being permitted to put the
issue of whether rescission was barred in play in their opening statement was
that, from that time forward, both parties were aware that rescission no
longer followed as a matter of course if the defendants succeeded in
establishing fraud. But what would then happen if the defendants’ claim for
rescission failed? Would the defendants’ alternative claim for damages fail
too? This consequential question was now in play. It was in play not just
informally and not just because of the plaintiffs’ opening statement. It was
in play formally upon any reasonable reading of the defendants’ statement of
claim and reply and of both parties’ lists of issues in the context of the
plaintiffs’ opening statement.

117 The arbitrator appreciated that this question was now in play. That is why
he asked the defendants expressly on the first day of the evidential hearing
to state their position on it. The defendants expressly stated that their
position was that the claim for damages did not stand or fall together with
rescission because they were seeking an award of damages in the alternative to
rescission.

118 No reasonable party in the plaintiffs’ position could complain that this
question being in play or the position that the defendants took upon on it in
response took them by surprise. I say that for three reasons.

119 First, a party who raises an issue cannot possibly or plausibly claim to
be surprised by the opponent taking a position in response to the issue which
arises naturally and obviously from it. To put it another way, the plaintiffs
cannot claim that they believed, when they raised the remedial defence that
rescission was barred, that the defendants simply accepted that a bar to
rescission was a complete defence to their claim, ie, that it must follow as a
matter of course that the defendants’ claim in fraudulent misrepresentation
must be dismissed and the defendants must be denied relief entirely if
rescission was barred.

120 Second, the defendants’ position in response to the remedial defence was
not only the natural and obvious position, it was one which they were entitled
formally to pursue on a reasonable reading of their pleadings and the parties’
lists of issues in the new context supplied by the plaintiffs’ opening
statement.

121 Third, whether a party is given reasonable notice of a natural and obvious
responsive position taken by an opponent must, in large part, be measured
against the reasonableness of the notice which that party itself gave to its
opponent of the issue to which the opponent is now responding. By that
measure, the defendants gave the plaintiffs reasonable notice of their
position, measure for measure. This is especially the case if one bears in
mind that it was still open to the plaintiffs when the defendants stated their
position on this question (see [95] above) to seek an adjournment of the
evidential hearing to consider how to deal with it. To put it another way, a
party who springs an issue informally and at short notice on its opponent must
expect that the opponent’s natural and obvious response on that issue will
come back equally informally and at equally short notice. When that happens,
the first party cannot complain that it was not given reasonable notice of the
opponent’s response or that it was unable to present its case on the response.

122 In any event, the plaintiffs’ reaction to the defendants’ position on this
question shows that they were not, in fact, taken by surprise at all. When the
arbitrator asked the plaintiffs to respond to the defendants’ position, the
plaintiffs took no objection, whether as to informality or short notice. They
simply restated their fundamental jurisdictional objection to the defendants’
claim (see [96] above). And the plaintiffs were content immediately and
without objection to commence the evidential hearing and to cross-examine the
defendants’ witnesses. That is not how a party taken by surprise by the
defendants’ position would have behaved. A party taken by surprise would have
objected both to being taken by surprise and also to being expected to
commence the evidential hearing immediately after being taken by surprise. A
party taken by surprise would have asked for an adjournment in order to
reconsider the sufficiency of the evidence and of its cross-examination plan
and to reframe the witness statements of its own witnesses and its cross-
examination plan for the opponent’s witnesses. Yet the plaintiffs commenced
and completed the evidential hearing without objection or hesitation.

123 The defendants’ principal closing submissions continued to maintain a
claim for damages even if rescission was denied. They cited textbooks
establishing that a claimant in an action for fraudulent misrepresentation was
entitled to recover damages in the alternative to rescission. They relied on a
leading English authority, Smith New Court, in which a victim of a fraudulent
misrepresentation had abandoned a claim for rescission yet was awarded damages
in the tort of deceit as an alternative remedy.

124 The plaintiffs understood that the defendants were advancing a claim for
damages even if rescission was barred. And they responded to the claim in both
sets of closing written submissions. The plaintiffs made clear in their
principal closing submissions that their response was that, if rescission was
barred, an award of damages to achieve the economic equivalent of rescission
was equally barred as a matter of law. The plaintiffs’ responsive closing
submissions advanced an alternative procedural or evidential argument: that
the defendants had failed to plead, quantify and prove their damages claim in
the alternative to rescission. The plaintiffs did not allege anywhere in
either their principal closing submissions or their responsive closing
submissions that they were in any way taken by surprise by the defendants’
alternative claim for damages in the event rescission was denied.

125 There is of course no doctrine of estoppel, let alone of turnabout being
fair play or sauce for the goose being sauce for the gander, which precludes a
party from complaining about a breach of natural justice. But the facts of
this case can easily be accommodated within the existing framework of s 24(b)
of the International Arbitration Act without any reliance on any such
principle.

126 First, there was no breach of natural justice at all. The plaintiffs were
not unable to present their case on the question of damages in the event that
rescission was barred and were not deprived of reasonable notice of the
defendants’ case on that question, when that is measured against the notice
which they gave the defendants that they were raising the issue that
rescission was barred. Further, the arbitrator’s procedural management of the
arbitration on the issue of liability cannot be said to fall outside “the
range of what a reasonable and fair-minded tribunal in those circumstances
might have done” (see [34(f)] above). In addition, by the first day of the
evidential hearing, any reasonable party would have appreciated that the
arbitrator’s chain of reasoning could include a link (see [34(e)] above)
proceeding from a holding that rescission was barred by affirmation to a
consideration of whether the defendants were entitled in the alternative to
damages in the tort of deceit.

127 Second, even if there was a breach of natural justice in some technical
sense, it was not connected to the making of the award within the meaning of s
24(b) of the International Arbitration Act. The root cause of the arbitrator’s
holding in the award that it was open to him to award damages to the
defendants in lieu of rescission was not his failure to hear from the
plaintiffs on this point but the plaintiffs’ own failure to ask for the
evidential hearing to be postponed or bifurcated in order for them to have a
reasonable opportunity to present their case on the defendants’ response to
the plaintiffs’ remedial defence.

128 And finally, the plaintiffs suffered no prejudice from the arbitrator’s
supposed breach of natural justice over and above the prejudice which they
caused to themselves by raising the remedial defence late and informally and
by failing to ask for the evidential hearing to be postponed or bifurcated in
order for them to have a reasonable opportunity to present their case on the
defendants’ response to the plaintiffs’ remedial defence.

129 The plaintiffs’ case that there was a breach of natural justice on
liability therefore fails.

No breach of natural justice on quantum

130 I now turn to the second limb of the plaintiffs’ case on natural justice.
The argument is that the plaintiffs did not have reasonable notice of, or a
reasonable opportunity to be heard on, the quantum of the damages which he
awarded to the defendants. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 11, para 31(a)(ii).

131 The arbitrator awarded damages to the defendants in the sum necessary to
place the defendants in the position they would have been in if the plaintiffs
had never deceived the defendants into investing in the Company. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5511, para 272.

The arbitrator therefore held the plaintiffs liable to pay to the defendants
the sums which the defendants had invested in the Company under the contracts
less the benefits the defendants had received as a result of entering into the
contracts. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5511, para 273.

He accepted that one such benefit was the sum of $618,312.30 which the
receivers had realised and paid over to the defendants (see [13] above). 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5512, para 277.

He also accepted in principle that another such benefit was the value of the
defendants’ 50% shareholding in the Company (see [7] above), ascertained as at
the date the defendants discovered the plaintiffs’ fraud, ie, October 2016.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 1772, para 307; p 5004, para 29; p 5095, para 225; p
5122, para 284; p 5221, para 513.4; p 5413, para 165.2 to p 5414, para 165.3;
p 5512, para 278.

But he assessed the value of those shares on that date as nil. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5512, para 278.

The arbitrator thus gave no credit to the plaintiffs for the value of those
shares. He therefore awarded the defendants damages equivalent to the sums
which the defendants had invested under the contracts (ie, US$1,999,238 and
$1,179,085 (see [7] and [22(l)] above)) less only the $618,312.30. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5512, para 279.

132 There are two aspects to the plaintiffs’ natural justice argument on
quantum. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PWS at para 52.

The first aspect is that the plaintiffs did not have reasonable notice of and
were denied a reasonable opportunity to be heard on the measure of damages
which the arbitrator adopted. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PWS at para 38; [CDX]’s affidavit at p 13, para 38.

The second aspect is that the plaintiffs did not have reasonable notice of and
were denied a reasonable opportunity to be heard on issues which went to
computing the quantum of damages. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PWS at para 39.

133 The second aspect of the plaintiffs’ argument is principally a complaint
that they did not have reasonable notice of and were denied a reasonable
opportunity to be heard on the arbitrator’s finding that the defendants’ 50%
shareholding in the Company was worthless. The arbitrator’s assessment of
damages comprised only three elements: (a) the sums which the defendants
invested in the Company; (b) the sums which the receivers paid over to the
defendants; and (c) the value of the defendants’ 50% shareholding in the
Company. The plaintiffs, quite rightly, do not challenge the arbitrator’s
handling of the first two elements, which were not the subject of any dispute
which is material to this setting aside application. The plaintiffs now
challenge the arbitrator’s handling of only the third element. The plaintiffs
do not, however, limit themselves to this. They submit also that they were
denied a reasonable opportunity to be heard on other issues going to the
quantum of damages such as causation 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 20, para 64; Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p
32, lines 17–22.

and mitigation. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 20, para 65; p 3825, para 22(b); p 5316, para 63(iii).

The measure of damages

The pleadings

134 I begin with the plaintiffs’ complaint about the measure of damages which
the arbitrator adopted. It is true that the defendants did not plead or set
out in any other way before the evidential hearing the measure of the damages
claimed if rescission was denied. This is simply because, for reasons I have
already given, what should happen if rescission was denied was not in play in
the arbitration until the plaintiffs raised the issue that rescission was
barred in their opening statement.

The evidential hearing

135 The defendants did give the plaintiffs notice of the measure of the
damages they were seeking at the first available opportunity after the
plaintiffs served their opening statement. The defendants gave this notice in
the exchange with the arbitrator on of the first day of the evidential hearing
(see [95] above). In this exchange, the arbitrator did not confine himself to
asking the defendants what their position was if rescission was denied. When
the defendants took the position that they would then pursue a claim for
damages in the alternative, he expressly asked the defendants what the measure
of damages would be for that alternative claim: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3841, lines 8–14.

ARBITRATOR: Okay. And if I decide that I can't rescind or I'm not prepared to
rescind, but I'm persuaded that I should award damages, on what basis do I
assess those damages?

[Defendants’ Counsel]: I would say on the basis that we have invested and that
we have only received 600,000 and the balance will remain to stand as damages.

136 The defendants, at this point, gave notice to the plaintiffs that the
measure of the damages they were seeking if rescission was denied was that sum
of money which would achieve the economic equivalent of rescission, ie,
repayment of the sums invested adjusted to account for the fact that there
would not be the reversal of benefits in specie which is the hallmark of
rescission. It is true that the defendants gave the plaintiffs short notice
and informal notice of the measure of damages. But, for reasons I have already
given at [118] to [122] above, the plaintiffs cannot possibly or plausibly say
that they were taken by surprise. The measure of damages which the defendants
advanced is the natural and obvious measure of damages for fraudulent
misrepresentation if rescission is denied. The defendants’ notice to the
plaintiffs that this was the measure of damages they were pursuing is
reasonable notice given the notice which the defendants themselves had that
the issue was now in play. Equally, if the plaintiffs were genuinely taken by
surprise by the measure of damages advanced, they would not have proceeded to
the evidential hearing without objection.

The closing submissions

137 The defendants’ principal closing submissions 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 4973.

reiterated the measure of damages which the defendants were asking the
arbitrator to adopt if rescission was barred. They asked the arbitrator to
award damages equivalent to the sums which they had invested under the
contracts less the benefits which they received under the contracts. The
defendants also accepted that those benefits comprised the $618,312.30 paid
over by the receivers and the value of the defendants’ 50% shareholding in the
Company. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 5056–5057, para 132; p 5212–5213, para 495.

138 The plaintiffs by this time had had one opportunity to object to the
defendants’ claimed measure of damages. That opportunity came on the first day
of the evidential hearing, or indeed at any time during that hearing. They did
not take the opportunity.

139 They now had a second opportunity to object: in their principal closing
submissions. The plaintiffs served these submissions more than two months
after the evidential hearing. The plaintiffs had presumably had by then time
to reflect on the measure of damages which the defendants had proposed on the
first day of the hearing. Once again, however, the plaintiffs did not even
suggest that they were taken by surprise by the proposed measure of damages.
The plaintiffs chose instead to raise a point of law on the plaintiffs’
liability for damages on that measure (see [107] above). That point of law
implicitly acknowledged that the measure of damages which the defendants were
seeking was the economic equivalent of rescission.

140 The plaintiffs had a third opportunity to object to the measure of
damages. This opportunity came in their responsive closing submissions. The
plaintiffs served these submissions almost four months after the evidential
hearing. The plaintiffs had presumably had even more time to reflect on the
measure of damages which the defendants had proposed on the first day of the
hearing and reiterated in their principal closing submissions. The plaintiffs
objected to the defendants’ case on damages as being an entirely new case in
paragraph 26 of their responsive closing submissions (see [109] above). 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5433, para 26.

The plaintiffs’ complaint in this paragraph is not that the measure of damages
is new. The complaint is that the defendants’ case on damages is not pleaded,
quantified, particularised or proven. It is true that the measure of damages
is not pleaded. But that is because of the informal way in which the
plaintiffs themselves had put in play the issue of damages in lieu of
rescission. Furthermore, the defendants’ measure of damages was not a new
case. The defendants had raised this measure of damages expressly on the first
day of the evidential hearing. The plaintiffs had implicitly acknowledged it
in their principal closing submissions (see [107] above).

Conclusion on the measure of damages

141 In the circumstances, the arbitrator’s procedural management of this
arbitration in relation to the measure of damages fell well within “the range
of what a reasonable and fair-minded tribunal in those circumstances might
have done” (see [34(f)] above). Furthermore, by the first day of the
evidential hearing, any reasonable party would have appreciated that the
arbitrator’s chain of reasoning could proceed from a holding that the
defendants were entitled to damages in the tort of deceit to an assessment of
those damages on the measure proposed by the defendants (see [34(e)] above).
In any event, the arbitrator’s handling of this issue is unconnected to the
making of the award and caused no prejudice to the plaintiffs over and above
what they caused to themselves (see [125]–[128] above).

142 The plaintiffs’ case that there was a breach of natural justice on the
measure of damages fails.

No evidence to support the damages claimed

143 I turn now to the plaintiffs’ argument that the defendants failed to
adduce any evidence to support the quantum of damages which they claimed. The
most important aspect of this argument for the plaintiffs is that they had no
notice of the defendants’ case in the arbitration that their 50% shareholding
in the Company was worthless. In this regard, the plaintiffs’ complaint is
different in one critical respect from the other limbs of the plaintiffs’ case
on natural justice. The defendants did not give any notice to the plaintiffs
on the first day of the evidential hearing that their case was that their 50%
shareholding in the Company was worthless. Indeed, they arguably gave no such
notice until their principal closing submissions, which were served after the
evidential hearing.

144 In order to analyse this head of the plaintiffs’ application, it is
necessary to trace how the parties dealt with the defendants’ evidence of
their damages claim.

Opening statement

145 The plaintiffs’ opening statement, immediately after raising the remedial
defence (see [78]–[80] above), objected to the defendants’ claim for damages
as being unpleaded, unparticularised and unquantified: 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 3825, para 22(a).

22\. It will further be argued that the [defendants] are also not entitled to
any damages on account of:

a. No particulars or details of damages allegedly suffered by the [defendants]
having been supplied, including, inter alia, failure to establish the basis or
grounds for damages; failure to provide the heads under which the damages are
being claimed; and failure to quantify the damages suffered; thereby, inter
alia, also failing to meet the requirements of Rule 20 of the Singapore
International Arbitration Rules (6th Edition, August, 2016);

…

[emphasis added]

The principal closing submissions

146 The defendants submitted expressly for the first time that their 50%
shareholding in the Company was worthless only in their principal closing
submissions. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5213, para 495.2.

147 The plaintiffs’ principal closing submissions maintained the objection in
their opening statement, asserting that the defendants’ claim for damages was
unpleaded, unparticularised, unquantified and now unproven: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5315, para 62.

62\. It is trite law that damages have to be properly pleaded, quantified and
proved. In the present case, the [defendants] have neither given any details,
particulars or basis for computation of damages nor has any evidence been led
with respect thereto. Consequently, the [plaintiffs] have also not been
afforded an opportunity to challenge or refute the damages sought by the
[defendants]. It is submitted that even in terms of Rule 20.2(c) of SIAC
Rules, the [defendants] were under an obligation to quantify the damages
sought to be claimed by them.

[emphasis in bold in original; emphasis added in italics]

The responsive closing submissions

148 In their responsive closing submissions, the defendants denied that they
had failed to plead, particularise, quantify and prove their claim for
damages: 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5415, paras 168–169.

168\. The [defendants] deny that they are not entitled to any damages for …
misrepresentations. They had pleaded and quantified their losses and damages
properly, and from the very start where possible.

169\. The [defendants] had pleaded the particulars of loss and damage, and
reliefs sought at paragraphs 201 to 206 of the [statement of claim]. The
[defendants] had further quantified and proved the damages suffered and this
was inter alia set out in paragraphs 121 to 142 and 492 to 510 of the
[defendants’ closing submissions]. Legal submissions on damages should rightly
be made in submissions, but otherwise the full facts on damages had been set
out much earlier in the pleadings and witness statements.

149 The plaintiffs, on the other hand, listed in their responsive closing
submissions the “innumerable obstacles in way” of the defendants’ claim for
damages: (a) the defendants had failed to supply a specific date on which the
defendants discovered the plaintiffs’ fraud; (b) the defendants had failed to
prove that their 50% shareholding in the Company was in fact worthless on that
date; (c) the defendants’ shares in the Company were not in fact worthless on
that or any other date; (d) the defendants had failed to prove that the fall
in the value of the Company’s shares was caused by the plaintiffs’
misrepresentations; and (e) the defendants had failed to prove that the
receivers’ sale of the charged assets was fair and transparent. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at pp 5434–5436, para 28.

The plaintiffs’ submissions

150 The plaintiffs’ case before me was that it was too late for the defendants
to allege only in their closing submissions that the defendants’ 50%
shareholding in the Company was worthless. The allegation came only after the
close of the evidence, when the plaintiffs no longer had any opportunity to
address it through evidence in chief or cross-examination. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 102, lines 7–17.

As a result, the plaintiffs had no reasonable opportunity to present their
case on quantum, and in particular on the value of the Company’s shares and on
whether any loss as a result of their fall in their value was caused by the
plaintiffs’ misrepresentations, by business misadventure or by the defendants’
mismanagement. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 16, lines 28–32 and p 32, lines
4–13.

151 The plaintiffs also rely on passages in their opening statement and
closing submissions (see [147] and [148] above) in which the plaintiffs
pointed out to the arbitrator that the defendants had failed to plead,
particularise, quantify and prove their claim for damages. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 20, lines 1 to p 21, line 26.

152 According to the plaintiffs, a reasonable and fair-minded arbitrator would
have, in effect, bifurcated the evidential hearing of his own motion by
rendering a partial award which found fraud to be established but which denied
rescission on grounds of affirmation. He would then have fixed a second
evidential hearing to give the plaintiffs an opportunity to adduce evidence on
issues of fact going to quantum. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 33, line 30 to p 34, line 7.

Instead, the arbitrator simply accepted the defendants’ case that the shares
were worthless with no evidence whatsoever, on the basis of the defendants’
submissions alone. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 14, lines 24–32.

He therefore denied the plaintiffs natural justice.

The defendants’ submissions

153 Defendants’ counsel struggled in oral submissions to point to any document
served before their principal closing submissions in which the defendants
alleged that their 50% shareholding in the Company was worthless. But the
defendants submit that the plaintiffs chose in their responsive closing
submissions to address the defendants’ case on the value of the Company’s
shares on the merits without seeking any procedural accommodation from the
arbitrator. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 90, lines 3–17 and p 97, lines 6–14.

The plaintiffs therefore ran the risk of a finding against them on that issue,
which is what eventuated.

154 Further, the defendants argue that they did in fact adduce evidence at the
hearing on the value of the Company’s shares. This evidence was admittedly
adduced to establish the defendants’ case on fraudulent misrepresentation, and
not to prove that the shares were worthless in October 2016. But the presence
of some evidence suffices to insulate the arbitrator’s finding that the
Company’s shares were worthless as at October 2016 from being vitiated on any
natural justice ground.

My analysis

155 I accept the defendants’ submissions.

156 First, in my view, the plaintiffs’ complaint in their responsive closing
submissions that the defendants were attempting to “set up an entirely new
case” on damages 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 5433, para 26.

(see [109] above) was not in substance a complaint the plaintiffs were being
denied a reasonable opportunity to present their case on damages. If that were
indeed the plaintiffs’ complaint, they would not have stopped short at simply
complaining that the defendants’ case on damages was new, unpleaded,
unquantified and unproven. The plaintiffs would have expressly asked the
arbitrator to reopen the evidential phase to permit them to have an
opportunity to present their case on damages. They would have particularised
the evidence they wished to present in the reopened evidential phase. And they
would have identified the witnesses they would call or recall to present it.
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Certified Transcript (13 March 2020) at p 116, line 31 to p 117, line 7.

In the absence of any such express request, in my view, a reasonable and fair
arbitrator would have read the plaintiffs’ responsive closing submissions as
the plaintiffs’ engaging with the merits of the defendants’ case on damages.
In other words, the plaintiffs’ complaint is fairly and reasonably read as a
reason for the arbitrator to reject the claim for damages without further
inquiry.

157 Second, I do not accept the plaintiffs’ submission that the defendants
placed no evidence before the arbitrator from which he could make a finding as
to the value of the defendants’ 50% shareholding in the Company as at October
2016. There was at least some evidence of the value of the shares. It was
common ground between the parties that the Company’s value was negative in
July 2017. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 1106, para 175.

The plaintiffs complain that this is not evidence of the Company’s value in
October 2016 because the receivers sold the charged assets between October
2016 and July 2017. But evidence was also led in chief and elicited in cross-
examination about the Company’s overstated receivables, understated
liabilities, overstated fixed assets and inflated future projects in 2016. A
witness for the defendants gave evidence that the Company’s business had come
to a halt in October 2016: it had no new projects, all the staff had been
removed, judgment creditors were levying execution by way of garnishee
proceedings and it no longer had any money beyond the minimum to meet
statutory payments and to pay a skeleton staff. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

[CDX]’s affidavit at p 4265, lines 12–18; p 5196, para 467; p 5417, para
171.4.

The plaintiffs’ counsel in the arbitration did not challenge this evidence.

158 It is true that this evidence was elicited to go to a different issue. In
this case, the issue was whether the defendants had mismanaged the Company
after taking control of it (see [10] above). It therefore suited the
plaintiffs’ case not to challenge this evidence. But evidence is evidence just
as the truth is the truth. And even if this evidence was not tied directly to
the October 2016 valuation date selected by the arbitrator or to his
assessment of the quantum of damages in lieu of rescission, it was
nevertheless circumstantial evidence from which he could draw an inference as
to the Company’s value in October 2016. The arbitrator’s three reasons for his
finding that the Company’s shares were worthless as at October 2016 (see
[22(j)] above) shows that he was aware of this evidence. It does not matter on
an application to set aside an award on grounds of natural justice whether the
evidence was strong or weak, comprehensive or incomplete, focused or
incidental, direct or circumstantial. Even if it is assumed that the
arbitrator drew an unwarranted inference from the evidence which was before
him, that is an error of fact and not a breach of natural justice.

159 I accept therefore that the evidence led and elicited in the arbitration
and the parties’ submissions on that evidence formed some basis on which a
reasonable and fair-minded arbitrator could have found that the value of the
defendants’ 50% shareholding in the Company was worthless. Having engaged with
the merits of the defendants’ case on damages, it is not open to the
plaintiffs now to recharacterise their complaint during the arbitration as a
complaint that natural justice was being breached in order to try their luck
at a backdoor appeal.

Conclusion

160 In conclusion, whether it is on damages as an alternative remedy to
rescission, the measure of damages or the quantum of damages, the plaintiffs
are not a victim of a breach of natural justice. They are entirely the authors
of their own misfortune.

161 For all the foregoing reasons, I have dismissed with costs the plaintiffs’
application to set aside the award.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Philip Jeyaretnam SC (instructed), Ashwin Nair (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP),
Daniel Tay (Chan Neo LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Andre Francis Maniam SC (instructed), Wang Chen Yan (WongPartnership LLP), Foo
Soon Yien and Jennifer Ang (BR Law Corporation) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 Dec 2020 (14:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

