Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 62

Suit No 839 of 2017

Between

Choo Ah Sam @ Chu Ah Lan  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Kieu Ka Tong  
---|---  
(2)| Kieu Kim Sen (Qiu Jinxing)  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Express terms]

[Contract] — [Discharge] — [Subsequent agreement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Choo Ah Sam

  

v

  

Kieu Ka Tong and another

[2020] SGHC 62

High Court — Suit No 839 of 2017  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
19, 20, 24–27 September, 1–4, 8, 9 October 2019, 20 November 2019

30 March 2020 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

Introduction

1 This case illustrates how the complexity of relationships within a family
can be fertile ground for misunderstandings that lead to mistrust, anger and
conflict. It serves as a reminder that litigants who find themselves embroiled
in such disputes should perhaps take a step back to examine their own motives
and conduct, as well as how they are treating the ones who were once closest
to them. They can then better reflect on how such matters may be resolved
without the need to mire parties in the hostility and expense of litigation.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff, Choo Ah Sam, is a retiree who is in his 80s. He had a pottery
business which he ran with his wife until the mid-1990s. His wife passed away
in 1998. He then worked as a stevedore at a port, where he helped in the
loading and unloading of containers, until he retired in 2001. He is not
literate in English.

3 He has four children, three of whom feature in the disputes that arose and
were witnesses in these proceedings. His oldest child is a son by the name of
Choo Kia Huat, who is also known as Vincent Choo (“VC”). VC is presently
employed as an operations manager at York Launch Service Pte Ltd (“York”),
which is the company at the heart of the disputes between the parties. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of VC from [1] to [3].

4 The plaintiff also has three daughters. Choo Siew Eng (“SE”) is the oldest
of the three. She moved to Bandung, Indonesia in 1994 after she got married.
While she lives in Bandung now, SE returns to Singapore several times a year.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, Day 1, Page 47, Lines 15 to 24.

Choo Siew Hiong (“SH”), also known as Jacqueline Choo, is the middle daughter.
She works as an insurance agent. She is married, has her own family, and lives
in Singapore. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript, Day 1, Page 49, Lines 17 to 21; Page 50, Lines 4 to 9.

The plaintiff has been living with SH and her family since September 2017. SH
and SE played important roles in the lead-up to these legal proceedings, which
I will explain in the course of this judgment. The youngest daughter is Choo
Siew Tin. She lives in Australia with her husband, and is the only one of the
plaintiff’s children who did not feature in this trial.

5 The first defendant, Kieu Ka Tong, is the brother-in-law of the plaintiff.
He is married to Choo Lian Tee (“LT”), who is the plaintiff’s youngest
sibling. The first defendant was previously the managing director of York,
which was a business he had started with four other shareholders in 1993 that
provided boat services. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First defendant’s AEIC at [8] to [10].

From holding just 8% of York at the start, the first defendant eventually
became York’s largest shareholder, until he sold all but one of his shares to
his son, the second defendant, in 2003. He was York’s managing director from
1997 to 2004. LT is a homemaker and never played any role in York’s business.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript, Day 5, Page 88, Lines 23 to 25.

6 The second defendant, Kieu Kim Sen, is the first defendant’s son. He became
the largest shareholder in York in 2003, and became its managing director in
2004, taking over from his father. Under his charge, York grew significantly
in terms of revenue and profitability. From only owning about six vessels in
the early 1990s, York now has more than 30 vessels in its operations and a
turnover of around S$13 million. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Second defendant’s AEIC at p 214.

7 There are two other relatives of the plaintiff I should mention who feature
in this dispute and were witnesses in the proceedings. The first is Choo Nae
Kee (“NK”), the plaintiff’s younger brother. He works as a boat carpenter in
Banyan Marine Pte Ltd, a company that is owned and controlled by the first and
second defendants. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NK’s AEIC at [3].

The other is Choo Soon They (“ST”), who is the plaintiff’s younger sister. She
used to work as a canteen operator selling fruits and juices but is now
retired. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript, Day 11, Page 71, Lines 2 to 22.

Background to the dispute

8 The plaintiff’s home from the 1990s until September 2017 was a HDB flat in
Jurong West (“the Jurong West flat”). The documentary evidence shows that the
downpayment for the Jurong West flat was made by the plaintiff’s late wife. It
is not in dispute that the monthly instalment payments were made by VC using
funds from his Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) account. The Jurong West flat
was registered only in the names of the plaintiff’s late wife and VC. On her
passing, VC became the sole registered owner of the Jurong West flat. The
Jurong West flat and the dispute in relation to its ownership became enmeshed
with the main dispute, as I outline below.

9 According to the plaintiff, in 1995 or 1996, he was approached by the first
defendant on two separate occasions, less than six months apart, to invest
money in York. He gave the first defendant S$20,000 on the first occasion and
S$25,000 on the second occasion, both times in cash. He claimed that the
agreement with the first defendant was for him to have a “slightly more than
6%” shareholding in York, which would be held by the first defendant on trust
for him.

10 This account is disputed by the first defendant and LT. The first
defendant’s evidence was that, in 1997, an opportunity arose for him to buy
over one of his fellow shareholder’s 51% stake in York. However, he did not
have the funds even after selling his flat at Pasir Ris. He and LT decided to
approach LT’s siblings to borrow money. He and LT gave evidence that they
approached the plaintiff on one occasion and borrowed about S$45,000 from him.
The agreement was that the plaintiff was to receive interest payments until he
asked for the return of the principal amount. The amount of interest was left
to the first defendant to decide.

11 What is not in dispute is that, from 1997, the plaintiff started receiving
monthly payments for his alleged “investment”. At that time, VC had already
been working in York for a few years. From sometime in 1997 or 1998, after the
alleged ‘investment’, VC would pass the plaintiff S$720 every month in cash.
According to VC, the first defendant had initially passed him cash and asked
him to pass the cash on to his father. This was for convenience because VC
lived at the Jurong West flat with the plaintiff. Thereafter, VC was informed
by the first defendant that his salary from York would be increased to include
the monthly interest that was due to the plaintiff. He was to withdraw S$720
in cash and pass it to the plaintiff. The first defendant told VC that this
was the monthly interest that was owed to the plaintiff for a loan.

12 VC left York in 1998 to set up a business of his own. According to the
first defendant, York continued to pay a “salary” to VC, of which S$720 was
for VC to hand over to the plaintiff. Sometimes, the first defendant would
pass cash directly to the plaintiff when he visited the Jurong West flat.

13 When VC rejoined York in 1999, the practice continued of the plaintiff’s
monthly payments being credited together with VC’s salary. He would dutifully
withdraw S$720 every month and hand the cash to his father.

14 VC left York in 2001, returned for a short while, and then left the company
again in 2002. Despite no longer being an employee of York, VC’s account
continued to be credited with a “salary” every month that included S$720, as
above, which sum he duly withdrew in cash and handed over to the plaintiff.
This practice continued until the end of 2011. Throughout this period,
according to VC, when he handed over the cash to the plaintiff, he would tell
his father that the moneys came from the first defendant.

15 The plaintiff disputes VC’s account of the monthly payments from 1997 to
2011 in three main respects. First, he denies that VC told him the cash
payments were from the first defendant. Instead, he claims that VC had told
him that the money was from York. Second, he recalls that the cash payments
were about S$600 to S$700, instead of S$720. Third, the plaintiff claims that
after initially receiving payments for about three years from 1997, there
followed a period of about five to six years where he did not receive any
payments at all.

16 From January 2012 to July 2014, the plaintiff received about S$1,030
monthly from his younger brother, NK. The cash was handed to him each time in
a sealed envelope. According to the plaintiff, NK told him that the moneys
came from York. NK’s evidence, on the other hand, was that he told the
plaintiff each time when he handed the moneys over that these were interest
payments from the first defendant.

17 Then, for a period of about a year from August 2014 to September 2015,
monthly cheques from York in the amount of S$1,039 were made out to the
plaintiff and banked directly into his UOB account. Thereafter, VC re-joined
York in October 2015 and the practice vis-à-vis payments to the plaintiff
reverted to the earlier arrangement: VC would hand around S$1,000 in cash
every month to the plaintiff. This went on until July 2017, when the payments
stopped. This was because, by that time, the plaintiff was no longer on
speaking terms with the first defendant. How that transpired will be explained
below.

18 VC married for the third time in 2014. He wanted to add his wife, who was
referred to by the witnesses as “Lili”, as a co-owner of the Jurong West flat.
VC was of the view that he did not need the plaintiff’s consent since he was
the sole owner of the Jurong West flat. But, he thought he should inform the
plaintiff out of respect since the plaintiff also lived there and treated the
Jurong West flat as the family home. VC raised the topic with SE, which was an
indirect way of telling his father. He knew that SE would tell the plaintiff
of his intention to register Lili as a co-owner of the Jurong West flat.

19 The plaintiff’s evidence was that he was not happy with the idea of Lili
being a co-owner of the Jurong West flat. He felt that he owned an interest in
the Jurong West flat. He claimed that he had given his late wife S$17,000 in
cash and that she then used her CPF funds to pay for the downpayment, which
was for the same amount. The plaintiff also claimed to have paid another
S$17,000 for renovations for the flat when it was first purchased.

20 As he was getting on in years, the plaintiff had started discussing with SE
and SH on how he would distribute his interest in the Jurong West flat after
his passing. According to VC, SH started telling him in May 2017 that the
plaintiff was claiming that he owned a 50% interest in the Jurong West flat
and that part of this interest would be distributed to his daughters when he
died. VC disagreed with this because his position was that the Jurong West
flat had been paid for entirely by his late mother and him.

21 SH and VC started bickering about the issue of the ownership of the Jurong
West flat. In the course of their dispute over the Jurong West flat, SH told
VC that the plaintiff also owned shares in York and that these shares were
being held by VC on trust for the plaintiff. SH wanted to know how many shares
VC held in York and where his share certificates were.

22 The history to SH’s allegation about VC holding shares in York on trust for
the plaintiff must be explained. SH gave evidence that the plaintiff had told
her about his investment in York made in the 1990s and his agreement with the
first defendant. The plaintiff had also told her that her uncle, NK, had said
to him that his shares in York were being held by VC.

23 NK’s evidence was that, sometime in 2009, when he was chatting with his
sister, LT, the topic of VC came up. LT had mentioned that VC was then working
in China and spending quite a bit of time there. LT also said that the
plaintiff had some shares in York to the tune of 5% of the company, and that
his shares were in VC’s name. Subsequently, when he met the plaintiff for tea,
NK recounted this conversation with LT to him.

24 VC’s evidence was that he was upset with SH’s accusation that his shares in
York were not owned outright by him, which he knew not to be true. His
unchallenged evidence on how he acquired his shares in York is this. He joined
York in 1994. In 1997, the first defendant gave him 27,360 shares in York,
amounting to 3% of the company’s shareholding at that time. He believed that
this was because of his hard work in the company. The first defendant never
told him that the shares given to him belonged to the plaintiff.

25 Then, in mid-1999, VC bought over 35,568 shares in York from another
shareholder, Florina Wong. He had an arrangement with the first defendant for
the purchase of these shares. The first defendant paid S$33,000 to Florina
Wong for the shares, and then VC was to repay him (the first defendant) in
instalments of S$369 per month. But, after one to two years, the first
defendant told VC that there was no need to continue with the instalment
payments and hence he never paid for the shares in full. He agreed with the
first defendant then that, if he wanted to sell the shares, he would sell them
back to the first defendant at half price.

26 The last tranche of 12,072 shares was acquired by VC in 2011 when there was
a rights issue. This was fully paid for by the second defendant because he
wanted to reward VC for his contributions over the years. As such, this last
tranche of shares was a gift to VC.

27 Hence, VC was adamant that the shares in his name were not held on trust
for the plaintiff. SH and SE did not believe him, and this led to the
deterioration of their relationship. Throughout the quarrelling, the plaintiff
remained silent and never once told VC that he was making a claim to ownership
of the shares in VC’s name. He let SH and SE do the talking for him.

28 On or around 7 June 2017, the plaintiff, SH, SE and VC had a meeting about
the plaintiff’s claims to the Jurong West flat and VC’s shares in York. The
latter issue could not be resolved, but as for the Jurong West flat, one
suggestion was for the plaintiff to buy over the flat from VC. The plaintiff
was prepared to pay S$160,000 to buy over the Jurong West flat, but VC wanted
S$200,000. In the end, no agreement was reached.

29 On the issue of the plaintiff’s claim to VC’s shares in York, several phone
calls were placed to LT during that same meeting to ask her to shed light on
what she had said to NK about the plaintiff’s shares being placed with VC. SE
and SH both gave evidence that LT had first said that the York shares in VC’s
name belonged to the plaintiff, but had backpedalled in a later call on what
she had said. LT’s and VC’s evidence was that LT had told VC not to argue with
his sisters over this issue, and just tell them that the plaintiff’s shares
were with him. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

VC’s AEIC at [56], and LT’s Supplementary AEIC (“SAEIC”) at [15].

LT wanted VC to avoid getting into a conflict with SH and SE. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LT’s SAEIC at [15].

30 After this incident, VC decided that he did not want the shares that he
held in York to be a source of contention with SE and SH. He went to see his
cousin, the second defendant, and told him that he wanted to sell all the
shares that he held in York. VC was also thinking then of leaving Singapore
for China, where he had worked for a number of years when he was not working
for York.

31 After some discussion, VC agreed on or around 7 June 2017 to sell all his
shares in York to the second defendant at the price of S$31,464. The second
defendant issued VC a cheque on 9 June 2017 for this amount, which VC forgot
to bank in until some time later. But, that was not the end of the matter.

32 On 11 June 2017, SE called for a meeting with the first defendant and LT.
This meeting was to take place at the Jurong West flat. VC, Lili, SH, the
plaintiff, NK and ST were also present. By all accounts, this was a fractious
affair, with accusations being hurled about and much shouting taking place. SH
was one the main protagonists. She accused LT of flip-flopping on the issue of
whether the shares in VC’s name belonged to the plaintiff. The first defendant
intervened in the argument and said that VC owned his shares, and, in the
course of the meeting, explained that the plaintiff had no shares in York
because he had only given a loan.

33 As things got increasingly acrimonious, it was decided that the plaintiff
would speak privately in one of the bedrooms with his sister, LT. Their
siblings, NK and ST, also joined them in the room, although ST left after a
short while because there was a loud quarrel in the living room between VC and
Lili on one side, and SH and SE on the other. ST wanted to calm things down.

34 In the bedroom, the plaintiff asked LT for S$50,000 so that he could top up
his own funds and buy over the Jurong West flat from VC. LT agreed. The
plaintiff also asked LT to continue with the monthly payments so that he could
pay for his living expenses. They argued about how much the monthly payments
should be. Eventually, LT agreed to pay the plaintiff S$800 monthly for the
rest of his life. The plaintiff then said that SH and SE wanted half of VC’s
shares. LT then asked VC, SH and SE to come into the bedroom and she asked VC
whether he would give up half of his shares to his two sisters. VC stayed
silent for a while. He did not tell LT or the plaintiff that he had already
sold all of his York shares to the second defendant. VC then nodded and walked
off. LT’s evidence was that all these proposals and agreements were an attempt
by her to keep the peace and resolve the disputes in the family.

35 That night, after the events of that day, LT told the first and second
defendants separately what had transpired in the bedroom at the Jurong West
flat. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

LT’s AEIC at [51] and [52].

They were upset at her. The first defendant told her that she had no authority
to make any decisions about VC’s shares, and the second defendant told his
mother that VC’s shares in York did not belong to the plaintiff. LT then
called VC to explain that she had acted under pressure from the plaintiff. VC
told her that she had been taken advantage of.

36 The second defendant then called for another meeting of the family and his
relatives on 24 June 2017 at the Jurong West flat. SE could not attend as she
had already gone home to Bandung. The second defendant announced at the start
of the meeting that the plaintiff held no ownership interest in York, and then
he had only given a loan to the first defendant, for which he had been
regularly receiving interest for many years. He also told those present that
he had bought over VC’s shares in York. This caused much consternation to SH,
who began to raise her voice and make accusations against LT. The plaintiff
remained silent and let SH speak for him.

37 The second defendant and the plaintiff then had a private discussion in one
of the bedrooms. To resolve matters, he offered to pay the plaintiff S$50,000
as a one-off lump sum, and S$800 a month for five years. The plaintiff did not
accept his offer, but said that he needed to talk things over with SH. It was
agreed that SH and the second defendant would get in touch, on behalf of the
plaintiff and the first defendant respectively, and discuss to see if matters
could be resolved.

38 Thereafter, and until early August 2017, the second defendant and SH
exchanged WhatsApp messages on a possible settlement. On 26 June 2017, the
second defendant repeated the terms of settlement that he had conveyed to the
plaintiff on 24 June 2017. By a return message on the same day, SH confirmed
that the plaintiff “will accept the offer”. Drafts of a settlement agreement
were prepared by the second defendant and sent over to SH and the plaintiff.
SH gave detailed comments to the second defendant, and chased for the
agreement to the finalised and signed. By 10 August 2017, the terms of the
agreement had been agreed. SH sent a message on that date stating that the
plaintiff would sign the settlement agreement the following week.

39 However, while the first and second defendants proceeded to execute the
settlement agreement, the plaintiff did not do so. Instead, less than two
weeks later, on 23 August 2017, the plaintiff’s solicitors sent a letter to
the first defendant threatening legal proceedings if the first defendant did
not transfer to the plaintiff the shares in York which purportedly belonged to
him, or pay the “reasonable current value” of such shares.

Procedural history

40 The plaintiff commenced these legal proceedings against the first defendant
as the sole defendant in September 2017. The matter was fixed before me for
trial in August and September 2018. But, shortly before the trial, the first
defendant suffered a stroke and was incapacitated for a period of time. In
light of this, I vacated the trial dates despite the objections of the
plaintiff.

41 Thereafter, the plaintiff amended his pleadings to add the second defendant
as a defendant. New trial dates were fixed and the matter was heard by me in
September and October of 2019. By then, the first defendant had recovered
somewhat, although he is now confined to a wheelchair and could barely speak
audibly when giving evidence.

Parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

42 The plaintiff’s case is that he had invested S$45,000 in York through the
first defendant to become a shareholder in York. He claimed that he had agreed
with the first defendant that the first defendant would hold the plaintiff’s
shares in York on trust for him. This was by way of an oral agreement with the
first defendant, which took place when the latter approached him to invest in
York.

43 According to the plaintiff, he was informed by the first defendant at the
time that his investment represented “slightly more than 6%” of the
shareholding in York at that time.

44 The plaintiff claims that the amounts that he received monthly over the
years since his investment were distributions to him as his “share of profits
on his investment in the equity” of York.

45 As such, the plaintiff’s case is that the first defendant held shares in
York based on an express trust, or alternatively, a resulting trust, for him.

46 The first defendant is therefore alleged to have breached his duties as a
trustee by transferring the plaintiff’s shares to the second defendant. The
plaintiff argues that the second defendant did not provide consideration for
those shares and that the second defendant would, in any event, have had
notice of the plaintiff’s interest in those shares. As such, it is claimed
that the plaintiff’s shares can be traced into the hands of the second
defendant. Further, the second defendant is also alleged to be liable as a
constructive trustee because he knew or ought to have known that his father
was acting in breach of trust by transferring the York shares to him.

47 Finally, the plaintiff denies that he had agreed to a compromise of his
rights in August 2017 when SH negotiated a settlement of the dispute on his
behalf with the second defendant. According to the plaintiff, any settlement
reached was subject to the execution of an agreement in writing by him and
this was never done.

The defendants’ case

48 The first defendant’s case is that his arrangement with the plaintiff was a
loan agreement. He had borrowed moneys from the plaintiff to enable him to buy
over the shares of one of the shareholders of York. It was agreed that the
first defendant would pay the plaintiff monthly interest on the loan, as long
as the principal amount was not repaid. It was left to the first defendant to
decide how much interest to pay.

49 The first defendant then duly paid the plaintiff interest each month
starting from a few months after he received the loan amount of S$45,000 from
the plaintiff. This went on until July 2017 when the plaintiff started making
claims that he had shares in York. Thus, the first defendant denies the
plaintiff’s claim that there is any trust arrangement, or that the first
defendant had acted in breach of trust. The first defendant does accept though
that he is liable to repay the principal amount of S$45,000 if the plaintiff
demands repayment.

50 The second defendant’s case is that he had purchased all of the first
defendant’s shares in York in November 2003, save for one, and thereafter held
about 50% of the shares in York. While he did not make full payment of the
stated purchase consideration of S$364,000, the second defendant made part-
payment of the amount owed to his father over a period of eight years. The
second defendant also paid for the stamp duty for the transfer of the shares.

51 The second defendant also claims that he was informed by the first
defendant that the plaintiff had given him a loan. He had no reason to
disbelieve his father, or otherwise think that the plaintiff might have a
claim to ownership of the shares that his father held in York. As such, the
second defendant denies that he is liable to the plaintiff as a constructive
trustee.

52 It is also pleaded by the defendants that, in any event, they had entered
into a settlement agreement with the plaintiff which compromised the
plaintiff’s claim to ownership of any shares in York. This settlement
agreement was purportedly reached on 10 August 2017 when SH communicated to
the second defendant that the plaintiff was agreeable to the terms of
settlement proposed and would sign a written agreement to record that
settlement. It was not relevant that the agreement in writing was not executed
by the plaintiff since it was a mere formality. As such, the plaintiff cannot
maintain these legal proceedings against the defendants.

Issues to be determined

53 The main issues before me are as follows:

(a) First, what was the nature of the arrangement between the plaintiff and
the first defendant in relation to the S$45,000 handed over by the former to
the latter?

(b) Second, if the first defendant was a trustee, whether under an express or
resulting trust, can the shares beneficially owned by the plaintiff be traced
into the hands of the second defendant? Allied to this issue is also the
question of whether the second defendant is liable to the plaintiff as a
constructive trustee.

(c) Third, did the plaintiff and the two defendants settle their dispute over
the plaintiff’s claim to ownership of shares in York such that the plaintiff’s
claim has been compromised?

54 The third issue above should logically be decided first, given that it may
be potentially provide a complete answer to the plaintiff’s claim, regardless
of its merits. However, this issue of possible compromise only arose through
an amendment to the pleadings late in the day during the course of the trial,
and only after much of the evidence had been led. Further, given my
conclusions on that third issue of possible compromise (see [131] to [134]
below), I am of the view that it would flow more naturally as a narrative if I
deal with that issue later.

55 It will also be immediately apparent that I will only have to decide the
second issue if I find that the arrangement between the plaintiff and the
first defendant was in the nature of a trust. Much of the evidence at the
trial was centred on showing what the more likely arrangement between the
parties was by reference to their conduct over the years. There was also
reliance on the testimonies of various persons, other than the plaintiff and
the first defendant, who claimed to have heard directly from the two of them
about the nature of the arrangement. This issue was thus clearly the central
focus of the parties’ dispute, and it is to that which I now turn.

Was it a loan or trust arrangement?

The oral discussions between the plaintiff and the first defendant

56 Both the plaintiff and the first defendant were clear that what they had
agreed on in relation to the sum of S$45,000 was entirely oral. Neither party
saw fit to record their agreement either contemporaneously or over the years
in writing. As such, my findings on this issue will, to a large degree, turn
on my assessment of the credibility of the plaintiff and the first defendant.

57 The plaintiff’s evidence was that he was approached by the first defendant
on two separate occasions, around six months apart, to invest in York. He
could not say when precisely this had taken place, save that it was sometime
in 1995 or 1996. On the first occasion, the plaintiff claimed that the first
defendant had told him moneys were needed to “invest in repairs of ships and
to employ workers”, and also for the “expansion of the business”. He did not
ask any questions, but simply agreed and handed the first defendant the sum of
S$20,000 in cash.

58 I had some difficulty with this aspect of the plaintiff’s evidence. While
his case is that the arrangement was one where the first defendant would hold
shares on trust for him, he did not ask the first defendant on this first
occasion how many shares or what percentage of shareholding in York he would
get for this initial investment of S$20,000. This is most puzzling. If it were
true that the plaintiff was to become a shareholder in York, surely he would
want to know how much of the shareholding in York he would get for his
S$20,000 investment.

59 According to the plaintiff, it was only when the first defendant approached
him around six months later asking for more moneys and he handed over a
further S$25,000 that he was told by the first defendant that S$45,000
represented “slightly more than 6%” of the total shareholding in York. This
perhaps would make some sense if the plaintiff was aware at the time of the
first meeting that the first defendant would be coming back to ask him for
more funds to invest in York. But, that was not the plaintiff’s evidence.
Rather, his evidence was that the first defendant simply “approached [him]
again”. The plaintiff did not know at the time of the first meeting that this
would happen. Given that, it made little sense to me that the plaintiff would
not have discussed with the first defendant his percentage ownership of York
when he was agreeing to his initial S$20,000 “investment”.

60 When confronted on this in his cross-examination, the plaintiff’s only
answer was that he was expecting to receive shares after his “investment” of
S$20,000, but he did not ask the first defendant about how many shares he
would get. His explanation, which he repeated more than once, was that he
trusted the first defendant. He also claimed that the first defendant had
already approached him a few times earlier to be an investor in York. I
discounted this evidence because it was not stated in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief. In any event, this evidence does not assist the plaintiff
because it made it all the more odd that he did not discuss the size of his
stake in York or the size of the potential investment on all those previous
occasions. In my view, the only satisfactory explanation is that the first
defendant had merely borrowed money from the plaintiff, and had not asked the
plaintiff to invest in York. That would explain why the topic of the size of
the plaintiff’s stake in York never came up during that first discussion, or
in the purported earlier discussions.

61 In contrast, the first defendant’s evidence about his approach to the
plaintiff is more precise, logical and consistent with the events concerning
York at that time. The first defendant says that he approached the plaintiff
in 1997 and not 1995 or 1996 as the plaintiff claimed. This was because, in
1997, Madam Tan Lye Chee (“Mdm Tan”) wanted to retire from the business and
sell her shares in York. She was the largest shareholder with 465,121 shares,
which represented 51% ownership of York. The first defendant saw this as an
opportunity to take control of York. He sold his flat at Pasir Ris to raise
funds. He also borrowed moneys from relatives like the plaintiff.

62 The first defendant gave evidence that he went to visit the plaintiff at
the Jurong West flat and explained that he needed to borrow money so that he
could buy over Mdm Tan’s shares. LT accompanied him to the flat and was
present at the discussion. In fact, LT had phoned the plaintiff several times
prior to the visit to explain the purpose of the visit. After listening to the
first defendant, the plaintiff agreed to give him a loan of S$45,000, and this
was handed over in cash at a subsequent visit.

63 The first defendant agreed to pay the plaintiff interest every month,
although the two of them did not discuss the exact rate of interest. The
plaintiff left it to the first defendant to decide how much interest to pay.
He agreed that the plaintiff trusted him completely.

64 The plaintiff argues that the transaction cannot be a loan given that the
interest rate was not determined. I am unable to agree. Given the close and
trusting nature of the relationship which the plaintiff and first defendant
shared, I can see how the parties may have just left it to the first defendant
to decide what was an appropriate amount of interest to pay.

65 The plaintiff also points to the fact that, based on the consideration that
the first defendant paid to Mdm Tan which he claims he only discovered in the
course these legal proceedings, the sum of S$45,000 was equivalent to about
6.1% of York in 1997. The plaintiff argues that he could not possibly have
known this in 1997, and hence it shows that there is truth to his claim that
the first defendant and him had agreed that the plaintiff would have “slightly
more than 6%” of York’s shareholding.

66 I cannot accept this evidence as being persuasive. First, there are a
number of ways that the plaintiff or his advisers could have found out that
the sum of S$45,000 worked out to be about 6.1% of York in 1997, including by
a carrying out a search of York’s changes in shareholding over the years,
and/or working backwards from information as to how much the first defendant
paid for the shares he acquired from Mdm Tan. Second, and more likely the
case, the first defendant could very well have told the plaintiff during the
course of their discussions in 1997 about how much he was paying to Mdm Tan to
buy her shares and that his contribution of S$45,000 helped the first
defendant acquire a “slightly more than 6%” stake in York. It would have been
entirely natural for the two of them to have discussed this in the course of
the first defendant explaining why he needed to borrow money from the
plaintiff.

67 As for LT, she gave evidence that was consistent with the first defendant’s
as to what happened at this meeting. While I accept the submission of the
plaintiff that LT’s evidence should be treated with some level of caution
given that she is the first defendant’s wife, I also found the first
defendant’s evidence to be consistent with objective evidence concerning the
changes of shareholding in York in 1997. The register of members shows that
all but one of Mdm Tan’s shares in York were transferred to the first
defendant, Kieu Ka Siong (the first defendant’s brother), VC and Florina Wong
that year. The first defendant thus became the largest shareholder in York,
holding around 50% of its shares. This would suggest that the first defendant
had indeed used the moneys obtained from the plaintiff to acquire Mdm Tan’s
shareholding and not, as the plaintiff claimed, to “invest in repairs of ships
and to employ workers”. The share transfer is consistent with the defendant’s
account that he wanted to use the money he received from the plaintiff to buy
shares in York.

68 The question also arises as to why, if the plaintiff is to be believed, the
first defendant would have told the plaintiff something quite different as to
the intended use of the moneys. The plaintiff claimed that the first defendant
had told him that the moneys were needed for the repair of ships, employment
of new workers and expansion of business, but this does not appear to be borne
out given the use of the moneys to purchase Mdm Tan’s shares in York. I find
it difficult to accept that the first defendant and LT would have told the
plaintiff something quite different about the intended use of the moneys given
the undisputed evidence that they were all quite close at that time. Also, the
plaintiff’s son, VC, was working in York and would have been able to inform
the plaintiff if the moneys were indeed needed for the repair of ships,
employment of new workers and expansion of business. It would not make sense
then for the first defendant to have lied to the plaintiff about that.

69 The plaintiff also points to the fact that LT admitted to having told VC,
during the phone call on or around 7 June 2017, to tell his sisters that the
shares in the company were with him. It was therefore submitted that LT would
not have said this if the plaintiff had only extended a loan to the first
defendant, and had not actually invested in York and became a shareholder.

70 My assessment of the evidence shows that this is a misplaced submission by
the plaintiff. There are important nuances to the evidence that the plaintiff
has not considered. LT was never involved in the business of York. She did not
know when York was incorporated, and only had a rough idea of who the
directors or shareholders of the company were. She did not even go to York’s
premises. She was a homemaker. She would not know the reason VC had been given
3% of York in 1997, since it does not appear that either VC or the first
defendant had told her why. In fact, there was no evidence whatsoever showing
that LT had been told the reason for the first defendant’s gift of shares to
VC in 1997, and it also does not appear that LT was aware that VC paid for the
tranche of 35,568 shares he acquired from Florina Wong in 1999. In my view, LT
appeared to assume that all the York shares that VC held had been generously
given by the first defendant to VC, presumably for the benefit of the
plaintiff and his family. She therefore appeared to also assume that the
shares could be taken back from VC at any time.

71 With that frame of mind, LT appears to have felt that it was within her
prerogative to tell VC on 7 June 2017 that the shares held by him were for his
father so as to keep the peace between VC and his sisters. In the same vein,
she probably also thought that the 5% of York shares held by VC belonged to
the plaintiff’s family, and therefore told SE and SH that those shares
belonged to the plaintiff. In fact, it was VC’s evidence that he had to
explain to LT on the phone on 7 June 2017 that his York shares were his and
that he had bought York shares from Florina Wong. With her misapprehension, LT
also felt that she could, at the meeting of 11 June 2017 at the Jurong West
flat, ask VC to give up half of his shares to his sisters. In my judgment, it
was LT’s misunderstanding as to the status of VC’s shares that caused much of
the grief between the plaintiff, his daughters and VC.

72 The reaction of the first and second defendants on hearing from LT that she
had told VC on 11 June 2017 to give up half of his shares in York to his
sisters is also telling. The first defendant knew that the first 3% of York
shares had been given to VC to reward him for his hard work. It was not
intended as a gift to the plaintiff or the Choo family. The second defendant
had paid for the tranche of 12,072 shares acquired by VC in the rights issue
in 2011 as a gift to VC for his contributions to York, and not as a gift to
the Choo family. That was why both defendants reacted angrily to LT’s
suggestion that VC give half of his shares to his sisters, and told her that
she could not tell VC what to do with the shares that belonged to him.

73 In the circumstances, I do not find that LT’s statements in June 2017 about
the ownership of VC’s shares, whether to VC or his sisters, carry much weight
in my determination of whether the plaintiff actually owned shares in York.

Loan from ST to the first defendant

74 As mentioned earlier, to finance his purchase of Mdm Tan’s shares, the
first defendant had borrowed moneys from his relatives. Apart from the
plaintiff, the first defendant also approached ST, who is the sister of LT and
the plaintiff, to borrow moneys.

75 ST gave evidence that, in 1997, the first defendant phoned her and asked
whether she would provide him with a loan. She agreed to lend him S$22,500,
which was the available cash that she had. LT and the first defendant then
came over to her home to collect the cash.

76 ST’s evidence was that the first defendant promised to pay her interest,
but there was no discussion on the rate of interest. She started receiving
S$360 monthly in cash from LT a few months later. LT told her that this was
the interest on the loan. The interest was sometimes handed over in cash by LT
when she was playing mahjong at the Jurong West flat. But, on most occasions,
it was VC who came by her workplace, which was a canteen at Bukit Batok, to
pass her the monthly interest. VC’s evidence corroborated this.

77 ST continued to receive monthly interest until sometime in 2002 when she
asked for the return of the loan principal. She needed the moneys to pay for
her daughter’s university fees. LT returned the sum of S$22,500 to her.

78 I accept ST’s evidence as being truthful. It was not suggested to me that
ST had anything to gain or lose by giving evidence for the defendants against
her own brother. Also, her evidence was consistent with that given by the
first defendant, LT and VC about the giving of the loan and the making of the
interest payments. That being the case, this suggests to me that the
arrangement between the first defendant and the plaintiff was also similar.
There was no credible reason put forward as to why the first defendant would
have decided to invite the plaintiff to invest in York as a shareholder, but
to only take a loan from ST. Further, both the plaintiff and ST received
monthly payments thereafter, and it is difficult for me to accept that ST
received monthly interest payments whereas the plaintiff received payments of
a different nature.

79 In fact, on this point, ST also gave evidence that she was aware that the
plaintiff was receiving S$720 in monthly interest payments. This was because
the plaintiff had mentioned this to her from time to time when she was playing
mahjong at the Jurong West flat. From this, ST gathered that the plaintiff had
also made a loan to the first defendant.

80 The precise ratios of the loan and interest payable for both ST and the
plaintiff are also perhaps instructive. ST testified that, having made a
S$22,500 loan, she received monthly interest payments of S$360. The plaintiff
provided S$45,000, and received monthly payments of S$720. Tellingly, in the
same way the S$45,000 provided by the plaintiff was exactly twice the S$22,500
which ST lent, the monthly amount which he received was, at least initially,
also exactly twice of what ST received monthly. The coherence between the loan
and repayment arrangements for both ST and the plaintiff suggests that the
arrangements for both individuals are entirely comparable. This buttresses my
conclusion that the S$45,000 transferred by the plaintiff to the first
defendant was pursuant to a loan agreement akin to that entered into with ST,
and not an investment.

81 Quite clearly, ST’s evidence was damaging to the plaintiff’s case that he
had invested in York and was receiving payments which were distributions of
his share of profits. The plaintiff submitted that I should discount ST’s
evidence because she is “in [sic] good terms with” LT. I am unable to accept
such a submission that is bereft of any supporting evidence. There is nothing
to suggest to me that ST was closer to LT than to the plaintiff. The
plaintiffs and his siblings were once a close-knit family, and I accept ST’s
evidence that she had a good relationship with the plaintiff up to the time
this dispute arose and she decided to come forward to say what she knew.

VC’s evidence

82 VC was working in York as an operations supervisor at the time that the
plaintiff entered into the arrangement with the first defendant in relation to
the sum of S$45,000. His evidence was that, shortly thereafter, he learnt that
his father, the plaintiff, had given a loan to the first defendant. This was
because the plaintiff had told him so. The plaintiff also told VC that the
first defendant would be paying monthly interest and that these interest
payments would be passed to VC to be handed over to him. VC’s evidence is that
he remembers this conversation with the plaintiff clearly and that it had
taken place when they were both at home at the Jurong West flat.

83 I find that VC’s evidence has a ring of credibility because the plaintiff
would have been keen to ensure that VC was aware that he would be receiving
moneys from the first defendant which were not intended for him personally,
but for the plaintiff. What VC was told by the plaintiff is also consistent
with the fact that he was then tasked by the first defendant to hand over
monthly payments of cash to the plaintiff.

84 The plaintiff submits that I should reject VC’s evidence because the two of
them have a dispute over the ownership of the Jurong West flat. Also, it is
submitted that VC will be partial to the defendants because both he and his
wife, Lili, are working at the defendants’ companies. Having assessed VC’s
evidence, his demeanour while he was on the witness stand, and the way he
answered questions while being cross-examined, I found VC to be an honest and
credible witness. He appeared genuinely troubled and saddened by the way his
siblings and his father have treated him. He explained that he did not want
his father to move out of the Jurong West flat, and had assured his father
that he could stay in the Jurong West flat for the rest of his life. VC also
said that he was prepared to execute any documents required to assure his
father that he could carry on staying at the Jurong West flat. But, it
appeared that SH had urged the plaintiff to move out of the Jurong West flat
in September 2017, and the plaintiff did in fact do so.

85 To me, it was obvious why this had happened. The plaintiff was about to
commence legal proceedings against the first defendant to claim that he held a
stake in York, and his case initially was that the first defendant had
entrusted part of the plaintiff’s York shares with VC. SH had strongly
supported her father seeking to vindicate the legal rights she believed were
his, as the plaintiff has himself acknowledged. As such, SH obviously did not
want the plaintiff to be living under the same roof as VC, which would run the
risk of the plaintiff discussing the dispute with VC without her presence
and/or the presence of the plaintiff’s solicitors.

86 In my assessment, I found that VC answered the questions posed to him in
cross-examination directly, candidly and without hesitation. He appeared
resigned to the fact that his family had fallen apart and wanted to explain
the circumstances as to why this had come to pass. By contrast, his two
sisters, SH and SE, appeared more intent on advocating the plaintiff’s version
of events while being cross-examined, despite the fact that many of the things
they said in their evidence were not within their personal knowledge.

87 VC’s conduct of selling his shares in York to the second defendant in June
2017 also showed that he did not want to be a source of discord within the
family. Even though VC felt that his sisters had been unjustifiably egging the
plaintiff to lay claim to those shares, which rightfully belonged to him, VC
preferred to dispose of the shares and sell them rather than resist a
potential claim by his father.

88 On this point, there was another troubling aspect of the plaintiff’s case.
From the start of the proceedings up until the trial, the plaintiff claimed
that the shares given by the first defendant to VC in 1997, which amounted to
3% of York, belonged beneficially to him. However, by the end of the trial,
the plaintiff had abandoned this part of his case and instead claimed that the
first defendant had always held all of the plaintiff’s shares on trust, until
they were transferred to the second defendant in 2003. There was no
explanation provided for this drastic change in the plaintiff’s case. I can
only conclude that the plaintiff was being opportunistic and had changed tack
as a result of the quality of the oral evidence that arose at trial.

NK’s evidence

89 NK testified that, in 1998 or 1999, the plaintiff had told him that he had
lent the first defendant the sum of S$45,000 sometime in 1997. The plaintiff
also told NK that the first defendant was paying him monthly interest of
S$720. NK remembers that this conversation with the plaintiff took place
during Chinese New Year.

90 In January 2012, the first defendant passed NK a sealed envelope at his
workplace at Banyan Marine Pte Ltd. The first defendant told NK that the
envelope contained cash that was the monthly interest payment for the
plaintiff. NK was asked to pass the envelope to the plaintiff because they
lived near each other.

91 When NK handed over the envelope as instructed, he told the plaintiff that
this was the interest payment from the first defendant. He also asked the
plaintiff how much was in the envelope, and was told that it contained about
S$1,000.

92 This arrangement of NK making deliveries of the cash to the plaintiff
carried on for about a year or so. Each time, NK handed over the cash before
the fifth day of each month, and he would tell the plaintiff that these were
the first defendant’s interest payments. This arrangement stopped when the
first defendant started getting York to bank the moneys directly into the
plaintiff’s account.

93 NK also recalls being informed by ST during a Chinese New Year gathering
that she had lent S$22,500 to the first defendant but had since been repaid,
and was therefore no longer receiving any interest.

94 The plaintiff urges me to reject NK’s evidence as not being impartial
because, as a 69-year-old boat carpenter working for Banyan Marine Pte Ltd, a
company that is controlled by the defendants, he “would have difficulty in
finding similar or alternative employment elsewhere and is therefore likely to
be beholden to the defendants”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at [4].

I did not think that this was sufficient basis to reject NK’s evidence
wholesale for several reasons. First, as NK explained in his oral evidence, he
was already at retirement age, and it did not matter if the defendants decided
to terminate his employment. To him, it did not matter whether he worked or
not. Second, he gave evidence that he was not particularly close to the first
defendant’s family. Instead, he maintained a close relationship with his older
brother, the plaintiff, through the years. It was only after this dispute
arose that he contacted the plaintiff much less. Even then, NK gave
unchallenged evidence that he had visited the plaintiff at the Jurong West
flat for Chinese New Year in 2018, even after the legal proceedings had been
commenced. Third, the plaintiff did not adduce any evidence to show that NK
needed the work or would have been in financial difficulty otherwise. Weighing
all the circumstances, I did not think that NK would be incentivised to give
false testimony against his own brother simply because he might lose his job.

95 Further, I also found NK to be an honest and candid witness who was
prepared to admit that he had unwittingly played a significant role in the
breakdown of the relationship between the parties. Let me explain.

96 NK testified that, in 2009, he was carrying out some renovation works at
LT’s home. He had been chatting with his sister when the topic of VC, their
nephew, came up. LT mentioned that VC was working in China at that time. She
also volunteered that VC had 5% of the shareholding in York. NK got the
impression from what LT said that these shares actually belonged to the
plaintiff, but were held in VC’s name.

97 A few months later, when NK met the plaintiff for tea, he mentioned what LT
had said. In my judgment, this incident was what gave the plaintiff the
impression that he had been given shares in York, and that these shares had
been placed in VC’s name. That explains why, in early June 2017, when the
plaintiff, SH, SE and VC were having an argument over whether VC’s shares
actually belonged to the plaintiff, the plaintiff had asked SH and SE to go
over to NK’s flat to ask the latter to confirm the ownership of VC’s shares.
When SH and SE visited NK on the night of 7 June 2017, he told them of his
discussion with LT all those years ago, which was also what he had told the
plaintiff. SH and SE thus left NK’s home, reinforced in their belief that the
plaintiff held shares in York and that these shares were held by VC on the
plaintiff’s behalf.

98 With the benefit of hindsight, NK now realises that he might have
misunderstood the true position as to VC’s shares. This was no doubt
contributed to by LT’s careless words and her own misunderstanding as to
whether VC truly owned the shares that had been gifted to him (see [70] to
[73] above).

99 NK testified that, at the 11 June 2017 family meeting, he tried to explain
what he knew, but things were too heated by then. LT also said that the matter
had nothing to do with him.

100 In my overall assessment of the evidence, I accepted NK’s testimony to be
truthful and credible. In my judgment, the plaintiff has not shown NK’s
evidence about their conversations concerning the loan and interest payments
to be fabricated.

SE’s evidence

101 While SE had no personal knowledge of the arrangements between the
plaintiff and the first defendant, she gave evidence of her various
interactions with members of the first defendant’s family which she suggested
would shed light on the issue of whether there was a trust or loan agreement.

102 First, she claimed that, not long after the plaintiff handed over the sum
of S$45,000 to the first defendant, her father had told her that he had
invested that sum in York and that he would be receiving a share of profits
when the company became profitable.

103 I have my concerns as to credibility of this evidence given by SE. I saw
no reason why the plaintiff would tell SE about his arrangements with the
first defendant. SE had moved to Bandung, Indonesia after she got married in
1994 and only visited Singapore three to five times a year. Unlike VC and NK,
both of whom had jobs at the first defendant’s companies, and were also
involved at various times in handing over the monthly cash payments to the
plaintiff, SE was not involved in York’s business or the handing over of any
cash payments to the plaintiff.

104 Second, SE claimed that, during a social gathering at the Jurong West flat
in 1996 or 1997, LT and the first defendant had volunteered the information
that her father had invested S$45,000 in York, which amounted to “slightly
more than 6%” of its shareholding, and that his shares were held by VC. Then,
at that same gathering, LT and the first defendant offered SE the “opportunity
to invest” in York, in the amount of S$20,000 to S$25,000, and that she would
get a share of profits just like her father. LT and the first defendant both
denied in their evidence that they had ever asked SE to invest in York or that
they had approached SE to borrow money. As LT explained, they would never have
approached someone from the younger generation to borrow money.

105 On balance, I find it difficult to accept SE’s evidence in this regard.
Again, I do not find it likely that the first defendant would have volunteered
information about his arrangements with the plaintiff to SE, who had no
connection with York and was not involved in any way with the handing over of
the monthly cash payments to the plaintiff. Also, it does not appear to me
credible that SE would have been invited to enter into a business arrangement
with the first defendant at a social gathering, when there were other persons
present. It is undisputed that, in the case of the plaintiff and ST, the first
defendant and LT had approached and discussed with them privately on the
proposed business arrangement. As such, I find that SE’s evidence in this
regard lacks credibility.

106 Third, SE gave evidence that, during “family gatherings”, she learnt from
the first defendant and LT that they had arranged for the plaintiff’s shares
in York to be registered in the name of VC. If the fact of VC holding the
plaintiff’s shares had been brought up at “family gatherings”, it would mean
that there should have been no doubt in the minds of the plaintiff and VC that
the latter’s shares were beneficially owned by the former. After all, the Choo
family was a close knit one, and it would be fair to assume that VC would have
been present at some of these “family gatherings” or would have been told by
his family members the purported reason he was initially given some shares in
York.

107 However, this account by SE does not sit well with other parts of her
evidence. She gave evidence that, in May 2017, she had arranged a meeting with
SH and VC to discuss the ownership of the Jurong West flat. In the course of
this discussion, SH had brought up the fact that their father wanted to
distribute the shares of York held in VC’s name. According to SE, this caused
VC to be angry and he threw some documents at SH. In his evidence, VC does not
dispute that he was upset when he heard this because his view is that he
beneficially owned his shares in York. In my judgment, I find that VC would
not have behaved the way that SE described if it was true that the issue of
the plaintiff’s shares in York being held by VC had been regularly brought up
at “family gatherings” as she claimed. There would have been no reason for VC
to be shocked or angry if that claim had been previously raised.

108 For the above reasons, I cannot accept the evidence of SE as being a
truthful account of her interactions with the first defendant, LT and the
plaintiff.

SH’s evidence

109 Like SE, SH gave evidence that the plaintiff had told her about being
approached by the first defendant and having agreed to invest in York. She
also gave evidence that the plaintiff had told her about receiving payments in
cash over the years and that these were his share of profits from his
investment in York.

110 This evidence is not quite consistent with the evidence given by the
plaintiff. In his first affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the plaintiff had
initially claimed that he had been regularly receiving dividends from York. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at [10] and [18].

This was despite the fact that he admitted, under cross-examination, that he
did not know what “dividends” meant. Then, in his supplementary affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, the plaintiff now claimed that the cash payments made to
him were the “share of [his] profits” or “returns of [his] investment” in
York. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s SAEIC at [7] and [13].

Again, under cross-examination, the plaintiff was not able explain this change
in position or what he meant by these descriptions. When confronted with the
commonsensical question as to how he could be regularly receiving payments of
similar amounts, month after month, when at the same time he accepted that
York would sometimes make losses, the plaintiff could not answer the question.

111 Given the plaintiff’s wavering position on what he understood to be the
nature of the regular cash payments to him, I find it unlikely that he would
have told SH that the payments he received every month were distributions of
his “share of profits”. Also, like in the case of SE, SH was not involved in
York’s business or the handing of the cash payments to the plaintiff at all.
That being the case, as with SE, I find it difficult to believe that the
plaintiff would have volunteered information to SH about his business
arrangements with York and the moneys he was receiving.

112 In this regard, I have two further observations about the plaintiff and SH
which reinforce my findings as to the lack of truthfulness of their evidence.
First, on the one hand, I found the plaintiff to be rather reticent person by
nature. As VC aptly described him, the plaintiff was a man of few words. By
all accounts, even during the family meetings in May and June 2017, when
things got heated, the plaintiff said very little and kept his feelings to
himself. That being case, I find it difficult to accept that he would have
told SE or SH the nature of his financial arrangements with the first
defendant in such detail.

113 Second, and on the other hand, SH struck me as a very outspoken person who
would have had little hesitation in speaking up for her father and ensuring
that his rights were safeguarded. She was an insurance agent, and had been
helping to manage her father’s savings since 2005 or 2006. If it was indeed
true that she had been told by the plaintiff in 1995 or 1996 that he held
“over 6% in York” as she claimed, I find it highly surprising that she would
not have insisted at an earlier stage that the plaintiff ask for his share
certificates from the first defendant and for the shares to be registered in
the plaintiff’s name. SH did not strike me at all as someone who would have
left things as they were for so many years.

114 For the above reasons, I did not accept SH’s evidence as to what the
plaintiff had told her.

The payments to the plaintiff over the years

115 Both the plaintiff and defendants spent much time in these proceedings
focused on the payments that the plaintiff had received over the years to
support their respective cases on the nature of the arrangement between the
parties.

116 As has already been explained, the plaintiff’s case initially was that
these payments were dividends from York. He later shifted his case to claim
that these payments were distributions of his share of profits or returns on
his investment in York. The plaintiff claims that he received regular monthly
payments from 1997 to 1999, and then again from 2012 to 2017. In addition, he
received outright two payments from LT around Chinese New Year in 2005 and
2006, which he also claimed were distributions of profits. On his account,
there were no regular monthly payments for at least “5 to 6 years” between
2000 and 2010. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at [12].

In total, the plaintiff claims to have received S$84,072.

117 On the other hand, the defendants claim that the plaintiff received
regular monthly interest payments from 1997 to 2017, and that the amount paid
increased over time. The defendants deny that the payments given by LT for
Chinese New Year in 2005 and 2006 were part of the interest payments, but
argued that they were simply gifts in the form of “red packets”. In total, the
defendants claim to have paid the plaintiff interest totalling S$192,472 over
the years.

118 The plaintiff’s case that these payments were dividends, distributions of
profits or returns on investment can be dealt with shortly. The law in this
area is fairly well established. In this regard, Steven Chong J, as he then
was, found the following principles to be uncontroversial in Cost Engineers
(SEA) Pte Ltd and another v Chan Siew Lun [2016] 1 SLR 137 at [20]:

(a) First, a shareholder generally has no direct right to the profits of a
company or to compel a company to divide the whole of its profits amongst its
shareholders: Burland v Earle [1902] AC 83 at 95.

(b) Second, a shareholder only has a right to receive money from the company
when dividends are declared by the company in accordance with its articles of
association: Bond v Barrow Haematite Steel Co [1902] 1 Ch 353 at 362, Walter
Woon on Company Law (Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009)
at paras 12.84–12.89.

(c) Third, unless the articles of the company state otherwise, the company
generally has no obligation to declare dividends: Lim Kok Wah v Lim Boh Yong
[2015] 5 SLR 307 at [145].

(d) Fourth, the decision to declare dividends is a commercial decision of the
company which the courts are reluctant to interfere with unless bad faith or
improper purposes are demonstrated: Lim Chee Twang v Chan Shuk Kuen Helina
[2010] 2 SLR 209 at [114].

119 It is trite law that a company can only distribute its profits to its
shareholders by way of dividends. Further, dividends can only be declared if
the company has booked a profit in its accounts: s 403(1) of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).

120 On our facts, it is not in dispute that York had never declared any
dividends from the time of its incorporation in 1993 up to its financial year
ending 31 December 2015. York declared a dividend for the first time in its
history for the financial year ending 31 December 2016. The amount declared
was S$100,000. That being the case, I could not accept the submission of the
plaintiff that the regular monthly payments that he was receiving were in the
nature of dividends or distributions of profits.

121 The plaintiff attempts to counter this difficulty by arguing that the
defendants might have been managing the finances of York in a manner such that
“profits” were distributed as payments to the shareholders and booked into the
accounts as salaries, directors’ fees or other payments. But, I am constrained
from making any findings in this regard because the plaintiff made no attempt
to identify which payments in York’s accounts constituted the distribution of
“profits” to the shareholders. Further, even if I were to accept that the
defendants had acted as such, the plaintiff was unable to credibly explain how
it can be the case that he could receive regular payments every month, from
year to year, regardless of how well or badly York was doing financially.

122 I note for completeness that the plaintiff also appears to have argued
that he had not used the term “dividend” in any technical sense, and that it
should simply be understood as an apportionment of profits. I am of the view
that this is neither here nor there – even as an apportionment of profits, the
monthly payments are inexplicable given that they stayed constant (and even
increased) even when York was making losses.

123 In my judgment, the regularity of the payments, which did not appear to be
tied in any way to the financial performance of York, indicates that the
nature of the payments to the plaintiff was not in the nature of a
distribution of a share of profits. Instead, the payments were more likely to
be interest payments on a loan that had been made.

124 The plaintiff further argues that the fact that quantum of the monthly
payments increased over the years suggests that, as York started doing better,
the amount of profits distributed to the plaintiff became larger. Also, the
plaintiff contends that an increase in the quantum of the monthly payments is
inconsistent with a loan with a fixed rate of interest. I do not think that
the fact that the quantum of the monthly payment increased for example, from
S$720 in 1998 to around S$1,000 in 2016, necessarily indicates that this was a
distribution of profits. In the first place, the plaintiff has not shown me
how the increase in quantum of monthly payments correlates with the
profitability of York. Second, and more importantly, it appears that, like in
the case of ST, the arrangement between the parties was for the first
defendant to decide the rate of interest. There is nothing that unusual about
such an arrangement. After all, this was an arrangement between close
relatives and there was a high degree of trust between them. I note for
example that, when VC lent a sum of S$200,000 to the second defendant in 2007,
there was no agreement as to the rate of interest, and it was agreed that it
was for the second defendant to determine what the appropriate rate of
interest to pay was.

125 The plaintiff also argues that the source of the payments to the plaintiff
came from York, and not from the first defendant. The plaintiff therefore
argues that this shows that the plaintiff was receiving a return on his
investment in York and not payment of interest for a loan to the first
defendant. It is true that the moneys that were paid to the plaintiff
originated from York. In fact, the evidence showed that they were booked into
York’s accounts as part of the monthly salary of VC for several years. VC was,
for several years, tasked with the responsibility of drawing out the cash from
his account and then handing it over to the plaintiff. However, in my view,
this again does not show that the plaintiff’s arrangement with the first
defendant was for the former to own shares in York. The fact that regular
monthly payments were made to the plaintiff with cash that came from York is
explicable on the basis that the first defendant, who was by that time in
effect running York (given his shareholding), had simply treated York as an
extension of himself. In my judgment, there is nothing unusual about such
arrangements involving closely-held private companies, especially when the
majority of the shareholding is in the hands of a family or relatives. It was
therefore unsurprising to me that the first defendant would use the moneys of
the company for his own purposes, where he deemed fit. At the time the
relevant payments were made, I am not convinced that there was a bright-line
distinction between York’s money and that of the first defendant, much less
one which was scrupulously adhered to. This practice then carried on when the
second defendant took over the reins of York as its managing director in 2004.
The second defendant allowed moneys from York to be used to pay interest on
the loan made by the plaintiff to his father, the first defendant. This must
have been because the Kieus treated York as their own company. In my judgment,
the fact that the source of the payments was York and not the plaintiff is not
determinative of the nature of those payments.

126 Finally, the plaintiff also argues that it makes no sense, whether on the
plaintiff’s or defendants’ calculations as to the total amount of interest
paid, for the first defendant to have paid interest in excess of the principal
loan amount of S$45,000. According to the plaintiff, if the parties had a loan
arrangement, the first defendant would want to ensure that the principal
amount was paid off promptly so that the interest payments could come to an
end sooner rather than continue to accrue. I accept the logic of the
plaintiff’s argument. However, this ignores the familial relationship between
the parties and the particular circumstances of this case as shown by the
evidence before me.

127 The plaintiff was close to retirement at the time when the first defendant
approached him for a loan in 1997 or 1998. Since then, the first defendant’s
business has grown steadily and become successful. In my judgment, it is
obvious that the first defendant was grateful to both the plaintiff and ST for
extending their assistance to him at a time of need. That assistance allowed
him to take control of York. As such, it appears to me that the first
defendant was quite content to continue paying the plaintiff and ST a monthly
interest payment for as long as they wanted. The payments of interest to the
plaintiff were also a means of giving him a monthly income to sustain his
living expenses. In the case of ST, the payments served to supplement the
income that she was earning as a canteen operator selling fruits and juices.
For ST, she eventually needed the principal amount to be repaid for her
daughter’s further studies. When this was repaid, the interest payments
stopped.

128 Overall, I do not think that the fact that the first defendant has paid
the plaintiff more interest than the principal amount of S$45,000 is, on the
particular facts of this case, evidence that the parties were not in a lender-
borrower relationship. Ultimately, the resolution of this issue depends more
on the direct evidence of the plaintiff, the first defendant and LT, all of
whom were present during the discussions regarding the sum of S$45,000. I have
already given my views and set out my findings as to this evidence. These
other items of evidence concerning the quantum of monthly payments, source of
moneys for the repayments, and the conduct of the parties not directly party
to the initial agreement, while certainly relevant, are ultimately
circumstantial in nature and do not have as much probative value as the direct
evidence of the parties who were directly involved. On a holistic assessment
of the evidence, I find that the plaintiff has not established his case on a
balance of probabilities.

129 I should add that I make no finding on whether the amount of interest paid
to the plaintiff over the years was S$84,072 as he claimed, or S$192,472 as
claimed by the first defendant, because it is unnecessary for me to do so to
decide the disputes between the parties. The plaintiff’s evidence is that he
did not receive any interest payments for a period of five to six years,
probably starting from 2000 or 2001, but did not ask the first defendant or LT
as to why the payments had stopped. I will only say that I find this to be a
rather unlikely scenario. As LT pointed out, the plaintiff would not have sat
by silently for such a long time if he was not getting paid. He would most
certainly have approached LT or the first defendant to ask about what happened
to his interest payments given that he needed money, as shown by what he said
privately to LT during the meeting on 11 June 2017 when he wanted the interest
payments to continue so as to pay for his living expenses. Also, I had the
evidence of VC that he dutifully paid the plaintiff the interest payments
which had been credited as his salary throughout the period from 2002 to 2011.

130 For all the above reasons, I find that the plaintiff’s claim that he had
entered into an arrangement with the first defendant to invest in York as a
shareholder fails. I find, instead, that the plaintiff and the first defendant
had entered into a loan arrangement. As such, there is no necessity for me to
deal with the claims that the defendants held shares of York on express,
resulting and/or constructive trust.

Did the parties compromise their rights by way of a settlement?

131 The defendants pleaded that the parties had entered into an agreement on
or around 10 August 2017 in full and final settlement of the parties’ dispute
over the plaintiff’s claim to ownership of the York shares. As such, the
defendants argue that the plaintiff’s rights have been compromised, and that
the plaintiff is limited to his claim under the settlement agreement, which is
for the first defendant to pay the plaintiff a lump sum of S$50,000 and the
sum of S$800 per month for a period of five years.

132 It is true that after the family meeting on 11 June 2017, the plaintiff
and the first defendant had designated SH and the second defendant
respectively to discuss things further and try to reach a satisfactory
resolution of the dispute. SH and the second defendant discussed matters on 24
June 2017. They then exchanged a series of WhatsApp messages which appear to
indicate that, by 26 June 2017, the plaintiff had accepted the defendant’s
offer of a lump sum payment of S$50,000 and S$800 per month for five years.
The two of them then proceeded to try to document the agreement in writing by
way of a written agreement. Drafts of the agreement were sent by the second
defendant, and SH provided her comments. Eventually, on 10 August 2017, SH
sent a WhatsApp message indicating that the terms of the documented agreement,
which were no different in substance to what had already been agreed on 26
June 2017, were satisfactory, and that the plaintiff would be ready to execute
the settlement agreement the next day. This did not materialise.

133 The sole issue before the Court on this alternative defence is whether the
parties had intended to bind themselves to a settlement only when the written
agreement was executed by the parties. In this respect, the evidence of the
parties makes the answer clear. The plaintiff’s evidence is that, as far as he
was concerned, there was not to be any settlement until he had signed the
written agreement. The first defendant’s evidence is to the same effect. He
testified under cross-examination that it was expected that there would be no
settlement until the written agreement was signed by both parties. He thus
agreed with the plaintiff’s counsel’s suggestion that there was no settlement
reached. It was only the second defendant who claimed that there was a binding
settlement because the written agreement was only a formality to record what
parties had already agreed through the WhatsApp exchanges.

134 In my judgment, given that two of the principal parties to the purported
settlement are clear that their intention was to have a binding settlement
only upon the execution of the written agreement, I am compelled to find that
the plaintiff had not compromised his rights by entering into a settlement
agreement on or around 10 August 2017. In Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v Newport Mining Ltd and another appeal [2011] 4 SLR 617 at [29],
the Court of Appeal cited with approval the decision of the Malaysian High
Court in Low Kar Yit v Mohamed Isa [1963] MLJ 165 at 173 that:

[E]ven where there is nothing in the agreement to suggest that the parties
contemplate that the subsequent contract shall contain any new or different
terms, nevertheless if it appears that the parties do not intend to bind
themselves contractually by the agreement but only by the subsequent contract
if and when they should enter into it, there will be no contract.

The clear and unequivocal evidence of both the plaintiff and first defendant
is that they did not intend to bind themselves contractually by the agreement
reached over WhatsApp by SH and the second defendant. It appears clear, given
the fraught state of relations by the time the settlement was being
negotiated, that the plaintiff and first defendant were expecting to be bound
only by a future and subsequent signing of the agreed terms. Accordingly, I do
not accept that the agreement reached by SH and the second defendant in the
course of negotiations is binding. It follows that the defence of compromise
raised by the defendants is not sustainable.

Conclusion

135 For the reasons set out in this judgment, I find that there is no merit to
the plaintiff’s claim that he owns shares in York. As such, the plaintiff’s
claim is dismissed.

136 I will deal with the issue of costs separately.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Ranvir Kumar Singh and Lai Swee Fung (UniLegal LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Isaac Tito Shane, Lee Koon Foong Adam Hariz and Lum Rui Loong Manfred (Tito
Isaac & Co LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

