Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 116

Criminal Appeal No 25 of 2019

Between

| Sulaiman bin Jumari  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

  
In the matter of Criminal Case No 48 of 2018

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Sulaiman bin Jumari  
---|---  
  
JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory Offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Admissibility]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Voluntariness]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sulaiman bin Jumari

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGCA 116

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 25 of 2019  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
1 July 2020

2 December 2020 Judgment reserved.

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant, Sulaiman bin Jumari, was tried and convicted on the following
charge under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”):

That you ... on 23 June 2016, at about 4.45 p.m., at Sunflower Grandeur, 31
Lorong 39 Geylang #03-02, Singapore, did traffic in a 'Class A' controlled
drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed), to wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking,
twenty two (22) packets containing not less than 1520.23 grams of
granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to contain not less
than 52.75 grams of diamorphine, without any authorisation under the said Act
or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 5(1)(a), read with section 5(2) and punishable under section
33(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), or alternatively be
liable to be punished under section 33B of the same Act.

2 The primary issue in the trial in the High Court was whether the
contemporaneous statement recorded from the appellant shortly after his arrest
was admissible as evidence. The contemporaneous statement contained admissions
relating to the appellant’s possession and knowledge of the nature of the
drugs that were the subject of the charge. The appellant sought to exclude the
statement on two grounds: first, under s 258(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) because there was an inducement given by the
recording officer and second, under the court’s exclusionary discretion set
out in Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205
(“Kadar”). In support of this second ground, the appellant alleged that during
the recording of the contemporaneous statement: (a) he was suffering from drug
withdrawal having consumed diamorphine earlier that day; (b) he had consumed
methamphetamine shortly before his arrest; and (c) he had not slept for the
previous three days due to the influence of drugs.

3 At the end of an ancillary hearing, which took approximately six days, the
trial Judge (“the Judge”) found that the contemporaneous statement was
admissible under both s 258 of the CPC and the principles set out in Kadar. At
the conclusion of the trial, the Judge maintained his earlier finding on the
admissibility of the contemporaneous statement and gave full weight to it.
Given the admissions in the statement, the Judge held that the Prosecution had
proved the elements of the trafficking charge beyond reasonable doubt. As the
appellant was involved in selling the drugs, he was held not to be a mere
courier and therefore did not qualify for the alternative sentencing regime in  
s 33B of the MDA. Accordingly, the Judge passed the mandatory death sentence
on the appellant. The Judge’s decision is recorded in Public Prosecutor v
Sulaiman bin Jumari [2019] SGHC 210 (“the GD”).

4 The appellant appealed against his conviction, primarily on the ground that
the Judge erred in admitting the contemporaneous statement as evidence despite
the appellant’s vulnerable condition at the material time. This appeal
therefore turns essentially on whether the contemporaneous statement should
have been admitted in evidence. In our judgment, we also discuss the
relationship between the admissibility of statements under s 258 of the CPC
and the common law exclusionary discretion stated in Kadar.

Facts

5 Most of the background facts were not disputed and were set out in a
statement of agreed facts. The appellant is a male Singapore Citizen. He was
56 years old at the time of the arrest. He is now 60 years old. On 23 June
2016, the appellant was arrested by officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau
(“CNB”) while he was alone in a rented room of an apartment on the third
storey of Sunflower Grandeur, a condominium in Geylang. Drug exhibits were
seized from three locations in the room namely, the second drawer of a
wardrobe (“A”), the bedside table (“B”) and underneath the bed (“C”).

6 At the trial, the appellant admitted possession of all drug exhibits except
the three drug bundles found in the second drawer of the wardrobe, ie,
location A (“the drugs in question”). The drugs in question were analysed by
the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) subsequently and found to contain a
total of 49.86g of diamorphine. They comprised:

Exhibit| Analysis  
---|---  
1 bundle wrapped in black tape marked A1 containing 1 plastic marked A1A|
Gross weight: 455.7gNett weight: 17.87g of diamorphine  
1 bundle wrapped in black tape marked A2 containing 1 plastic marked A2A|
Gross weight: 459.1gNett weight: 15.05g of diamorphine  
1 plastic marked A3| Gross weight: 455.3gNett weight: 16.94g of diamorphine  
  
7 The three bundles of the drugs in question, together with various smaller
packets of diamorphine recovered from the bedside table, location B,
containing a total of 2.89g, for which possession was not disputed, formed the
subject matter of the trafficking charge.

8 In the same second drawer where the drugs in question were found, the
following exhibits were also seized: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) Vol II, pp 2 to 3.

(a) 1 blue plastic bag marked A4 containing (i) a taped bundle containing
granular substance; and (ii) a packet containing crystalline substance. No
common controlled drug was detected in A4;

(b) 1 packet containing crystalline substance marked A5, analysed and found to
contain 80.62g of methamphetamine;

(c) 1 packet containing granular substance marked A6, analysed and found to
contain 0.26g of diamorphine;

(d) 1 electronic weighing scale marked A7, with no common controlled drug
detected; and

(e) 5 polka-dotted pink packets marked A8.

9 The appellant was also found in possession of a remote control for the
main/vehicle gates of the condominium, a key for the side/pedestrian gate of
the condominium, a key for the main door of the apartment and a key to the
room rented by him. The appellant was the only person in possession of the
remote control at the material time. There were also seven mobile phones, two
tablet computers and two thumb-drives in the rented room.

The arrest

10 The arrest took place at around 4.45pm on 23 June 2016. The CNB officers
forced their way into the appellant’s rented room and found the appellant
lying on his bed using his mobile phone. One of the officers asked whether the
appellant had anything to surrender and he responded by saying “three” and
using his head to gesture towards the wardrobe.

11 A search was conducted in the wardrobe and the drugs in question were found
in the second drawer there. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, 31 July 2018, pp 79 to 80.

The rest of the room was also searched and the other drug exhibits were found
at the appellant’s bedside table (B) and underneath his bed (C). The search
was conducted in the presence of the appellant who was sitting on the bed.

Circumstances surrounding the contemporaneous statement

12 At around 5.55pm that day, after the search and the marking of the scene
were completed, Sergeant Fardlie (“the recording officer”) recorded the
contemporaneous statement from the appellant in his field diary. The questions
and the answers were in Malay as that was the language chosen by the
appellant. This took place while the other CNB officers stood outside the
rented room. The process took approximately 32 minutes, ending at around
6.27pm.

13 The contemporaneous statement consisted of a series of 29 questions and
answers. In the contemporaneous statement, the appellant admitted that the
drugs in question belonged to him, identified them as heroin and stated that
they were intended for consumption and for sale. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions dated 16 April 2019 (“PCS”), para 16.

14 At the trial, the appellant took issue with the contemporaneous statement
in two main respects. First, he alleged that before the commencement of the
contemporaneous statement, the recording officer offered an inducement to him
by telling him to “make it fast then you go and rest”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence’s ancillary hearing submissions dated 23 August 2018 (“DAS”), para 3.1

Second, the appellant asserted that he was in a vulnerable mental state during
the recording of the contemporaneous statement due to the confluence of three
factors: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DAS, para 38.

(a) He had consumed diamorphine that morning and had begun to experience
withdrawal symptoms;

(b) He was high on methamphetamine having consumed it shortly before the CNB
officers entered his room; and

(c) He had not slept for three days due to the effects of methamphetamine.

Accordingly, the appellant argued that the contemporaneous statement should be
excluded as it was involuntary within the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC or on
the basis of the common law discretion to exclude evidence under the Kadar
principles. As a result of the appellant’s challenge to the admission of the
contemporaneous statement, an ancillary hearing was convened in accordance
with s 279 of the CPC.

15 We set out below an overview of the key events concerning the appellant’s
arrest and the recording of the contemporaneous statement:

(a) On 23 June 2016:

(i) In the morning, the appellant consumed diamorphine;

(ii) Shortly before his arrest at 4.45pm, the appellant consumed
methamphetamine;

(iii) At around 4.45pm, the appellant was arrested; and

(iv) From 5.55pm to 6.27pm, the contemporaneous statement was recorded.

(b) On 24 June 2016:

(i) At around 4.15pm, before the recording of the cautioned statement, the
appellant underwent a pre-statement medical examination by Dr Yak Si Mian (“Dr
Yak”). No drug withdrawal symptoms were observed by the doctor;

(ii) Between 4.50pm and 5.12pm, the cautioned statement was recorded;

(iii) At around 10.12pm, the appellant underwent his post-statement medical
examination by Dr Raymond Lim. No drug withdrawal symptoms were observed by
the doctor.

(c) On 25 June 2016 at around 4.10pm, the appellant was admitted into the
Complex Medical Centre (“CMC”) for drug withdrawal assessment. He was found to
be suffering from moderate drug withdrawal symptoms and was warded.

(d) In the morning of 28 June 2016, the appellant was discharged from the CMC.

16 The appellant’s drug consumption on 23 June 2016 was not contested and was
evidenced by the urine tests conducted after his arrest. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP Vol II, p 286; ROP Vol II, p 212 to 213; Transcript, 31 July 2018, pp 61
to 62.

What was disputed was its effect on the appellant during the recording of the
contemporaneous statement later that day. The thrust of the appellant’s case
was that his mental state at the time of the contemporaneous statement was
impaired. This argument rested primarily on the finding of drug withdrawal
symptoms on 25 June 2016 by the CMC doctors as well as expert evidence adduced
during the ancillary hearing concerning the onset and progression of drug
withdrawal symptoms.

Decision of the High Court

17 At the conclusion of the ancillary hearing, the Judge held that the
contemporaneous statement was admissible. He affirmed this conclusion at the
end of the trial. In respect of the alleged inducement by the recording
officer of the statement, the Judge was of the view that the evidence
established beyond reasonable doubt that the alleged inducement was not made
(GD at [40]). The Judge considered that, in any event, the inducement was too
vague and did not involve any quid pro quo or suggest consequences that would
befall the appellant if he failed to give a statement (GD at [35]). The
statement was therefore held to be voluntary and admissible under s 258 of the
CPC.

18 In respect of the appellant’s physical condition, the Judge found that it
was unlikely that the appellant was suffering from drug withdrawal when the
contemporaneous statement was recorded on 23 June 2016. The assessments of the
appellant by Dr Yak and Dr Raymond Lim before and after the recording of the
cautioned statement on 24 June 2016 militated against the appellant’s
assertions (GD at [50]). While the doctors’ assessments were not concerned
specifically with the identification of drug withdrawal symptoms, the Judge
was satisfied that, assuming the doctors had performed the examinations
properly, they would have been expected to observe at least some of the
possible symptoms of drug withdrawal. Both doctors denied anything of that
nature and the Judge did not see any reason to take issue with the
examinations of the appellant. In respect of the assessments by the CMC
doctors, the peak of the appellant’s symptoms appeared to be on the first day
of the appellant’s admission on 25 June 2016. The Judge did not accept the
evidence of the appellant’s expert (Dr Lim Yun Chin) that extrapolating
backwards from 25 June 2016 would lead to the conclusion that the appellant
was suffering from more severe withdrawal symptoms on 23 June 2016 when the
contemporaneous statement was recorded (GD at [57]).

19 The Judge was not persuaded that the appellant was suffering from any drug
withdrawal symptoms at the time of the making of the contemporaneous
statement. He accepted that drug withdrawal could be a separate ground on
which a court could exercise its common law discretion to exclude evidence
where its prejudicial effect outweighs its probative value, relying on the
principles set out in Kadar. The Judge noted that drug withdrawal in itself
was not sufficient to give rise to such prejudice but it must be such as to
raise serious doubts about the reliability of the statement (GD at [60]). The
Judge declined to exercise the Kadar discretion because he accepted the
Prosecution’s evidence that the appellant was not in a state that raised
serious doubts about the reliability of the contemporaneous statement.

20 The Judge was also of the view that it was impermissible to rely on the
cogency of the contemporaneous statement itself to show that the appellant was
not suffering from any drug withdrawal symptoms (GD at [62]). He held that
this would be begging the question and that “the statement had to be shown to
be admissible from other evidence before it could be considered as evidence
itself”.

21 The Judge held that the reliability of the contemporaneous statement was
buttressed by the fact that it was corroborated by extrinsic evidence (GD at
[65]). In the statement, the appellant identified the nature of the various
drug exhibits accurately and was even able to state that the exhibit marked A4
contained fake drugs, something that the recording officer could not have
known before the exhibits were analysed by the HSA. He held that even if he
was wrong on the issue of admissibility of the contemporaneous statement and
the weight to be placed on it, possession of the drugs in question would still
have been made out on other evidence (GD at [66]).

22 He also found that the appellant knew that the drugs in question were
diamorphine, as evidenced by the contemporaneous statement. In any event, the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA operated against the
appellant. The appellant’s assertion was that the drugs in question were
placed in the wardrobe by someone without his knowledge, not that he did not
know that they were diamorphine. As the Judge had found against him on the
issue of possession, the presumption was not rebutted (GD at [81]–[84]).

23 The Judge also found that the drugs were meant for trafficking as the
appellant had admitted that the drugs were “for smoke and sale” and even
detailed the profit that he expected to earn from them (GD at [85]–[86]). He
rejected the appellant’s claim that he only intended to traffic in “a non-
capital amount of diamorphine” (GD at [90]).

24 Accordingly, the Judge convicted the appellant on the charge. On sentence,
as the appellant had the drugs for sale, he was not a mere courier and could
not qualify for the alternative sentencing regime in s 33B of the MDA.
Accordingly, the Judge passed the mandatory death sentence on the appellant.

The parties’ arguments on appeal

The Appellant

25 First, the appellant submitted that the Judge erred in finding that the
recording officer did not make the inducement to “make it fast” prior to the
recording of the contemporaneous statement. The appellant, who was labouring
under the complex effects of withdrawal from diamorphine and methamphetamine,
wanted to get through the process so that he could get rest as soon as
possible. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, para 21.

This account was corroborated by the fact that the 29 questions and answers
were recorded in just 32 minutes, with the recording officer purportedly
unpacking, displaying, confirming and then repacking the drug exhibits single-
handedly. The appellant asserted that the drug exhibits were not displayed or
confirmed during the recording. The appellant also alleged that the recording
officer was planning to attend an event (the breaking of fast in the evening
as it was the Muslim Ramadan month) and was inclined to complete the recording
quickly. The CNB’s field diary indicated that the officer left the scene
early. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, para 23.

The appellant complied by fabricating some answers so as to have the interview
end quickly.

26 Second, the appellant argued that he was suffering from drug withdrawal
symptoms at the material time, contrary to the Judge’s findings. Specifically,
while under the influence of drugs, the appellant had hallucinated that his
girlfriend was coming out of the screen of his mobile device before the CNB
officers broke into his room. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript, 3 August 2018, p 47, 70; Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020,
para 41.

At one point, he also thought that the CNB officers were not real. The
appellant also submitted that more weight should have been given to the
Defence’s expert evidence as compared to that of the Prosecution’s. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, para 31.

Therefore, the statement was involuntary and inadmissible pursuant to s 258(3)
of the CPC.

27 The appellant also contended that the contemporaneous statement should be
excluded because its prejudicial effect outweighed its probative value. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, para 49.

He highlighted that he was a “hardcore addict” of nearly forty years and
consumed about 9 to 15g of diamorphine and about 12 to 15g of methamphetamine
a day over multiple sessions, depending on whether other people were smoking
with him and the potency of the drug. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, para 52.

The implication appeared to be that given the high frequency and the amounts
of drugs consumed, the Prosecution failed to show that the appellant would not
have experienced drug withdrawal symptoms. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, para 54.

28 Finally, even if the contemporaneous statement was admissible, it ought to
be given minimal weight for the same reasons outlined above. After the
appellant’s contemporaneous statement and his treatment for drug withdrawal at
the CMC, he denied consistently possession and knowledge of the drugs in
question. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, paras 57 to 58.

The Prosecution

29 The Prosecution supported the Judge’s findings regarding the alleged
inducement. It submitted that the Judge was correct to find that there was no
relevant inducement made since the alleged exhortation could not be construed
objectively as such. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Prosecution’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, para 37.

30 Second, the Judge was also correct to find that the appellant was not
suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms at the material time. The Prosecution
highlighted that the appellant did not claim to have been suffering from
severe drug withdrawal symptoms. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Prosecution’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, para 41.

Further, the contemporaneous statement itself showed that the appellant was
thinking and answering coherently at the material time. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Prosecution’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, para 48.

The Prosecution submitted that the court was entitled to consider the contents
of the statement when its admissibility was being determined, contrary to the
Judge’s decision. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Prosecution’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, paras 49 to 50.

31 Since the appellant was not operating under any inducement or the effects
of drug withdrawal, the contemporaneous statement was admissible and reliable.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, paras 57.

Thus, full weight ought to be given to the statement and the conviction should
be upheld on the basis of the unequivocal confessions to possession of the
drugs in question, knowledge of their nature and the intention to traffic in
them.

Issues before this Court

32 In respect of the contemporaneous statement, there are two issues to
determine. First, whether the statement was involuntary under s 258(3) of the
CPC and therefore should not be admitted. Second, whether the prejudicial
effect of the statement outweighed its probative value and should therefore be
excluded under the Kadar discretion.

33 After determining the admissibility of the contemporaneous statement, the
issues are whether the Prosecution has proved that the appellant had
possession of the drugs in question, knowledge of their nature and the
intention to traffic in them.

The applicable legal principles

34 We begin by setting out the principles applicable to the admissibility
issue under s 258 of the CPC and under Kadar.

Section 258 CPC

35 The primary ground for challenging the admissibility of an accused person’s
statement is found in s 258 of the CPC which provides:

Admissibility of accused's statements

258.–(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), where any person is charged with
an offence, any statement made by the person, whether it is oral or in
writing, made at any time, whether before or after the person is charged and
whether or not in the course of any investigation carried out by any law
enforcement agency, is admissible in evidence at his trial; and if that person
tenders himself as a witness, any such statement may be used in cross
examination and for the purpose of impeaching his credit.

(2) Where a statement referred to in subsection (1) is made by any person to a
police officer, no such statement shall be used in evidence if it is made to a
police officer below the rank of sergeant.

(3) The court shall refuse to admit the statement of an accused or allow it to
be used in the manner referred to in subsection (1) if the making of the
statement appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, threat
or promise having reference to the charge against the accused, proceeding from
a person in authority and sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give the
accused grounds which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by
making the statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature in reference to the proceedings against him.

Explanation 1 \- If a statement is obtained from an accused by a person in
authority who had acted in such a manner that his acts tend to sap and have in
fact sapped the free will of the maker of the statement, and the court is of
the opinion that such acts gave the accused grounds which would appear to the
accused reasonable for supposing that by making the statement, he would gain
any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the
proceedings against him, such acts will amount to a threat, an inducement or a
promise, as the case may be, which will render the statement inadmissible.

Explanation 2 - If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in any of the following
circumstances:

(a) under a promise of secrecy, or in consequence of a deception practised on
the accused for the purpose of obtaining it;

(aa) where the accused is informed in writing by a person in authority of the
circumstances in section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185) under which
life imprisonment may be imposed in lieu of death;

(b) when the accused was intoxicated;

(c) in answer to questions which the accused need not have answered whatever
may have been the form of those questions;

(d) where the accused was not warned that he was not bound to make the
statement and that evidence of it might be given against him;

(e) where the recording officer or the interpreter of an accused’s statement
recorded under section 22 or 23 did not fully comply with that section; or

(f) where an accused’s statement under section 22 or 23 is in writing, when
section 22(5) or 23(3B) (as the case may be) requires the statement to be
recorded in the form of an audiovisual recording.

36 In accordance with s 258(1) of the CPC, the starting point is that any
statement given by an accused person in the course of investigations is
admissible in evidence at his trial. This is subject to the requirement of
voluntariness expressed in s 258(3) of the CPC. Where the voluntariness of a
statement is challenged, an ancillary hearing may be convened to determine its
admissibility in accordance with s 279 of the CPC. In such a case, the
Prosecution bears the legal burden of proof to show beyond reasonable doubt
that the statement was given voluntarily (Panya Martmontree and others v
Public Prosecutor [1995] 2 SLR(R) 806 at [26]). Where a statement is found to
be involuntary within the meaning of s 258(3), the provision mandates that the
court “shall refuse to admit the statement”.

37 It has been suggested that the rationale underpinning the admissibility
regime in s 258(3) of the CPC is reliability. This was alluded to in Poh Kay
Keong v Public Prosecutor [1995] 3 SLR(R) 887 (“Poh Kay Keong”) which
considered briefly the purpose of s 24 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1990 Rev
Ed), a progenitor of s 258(3) of the CPC. There, the court stated at [42] that
the purpose of s 24 of the Evidence Act was to “ensure the reliability of a
confession and is founded on the premise that a confession brought about as a
result of an inducement, threat or promise is not reliable and therefore
should be excluded”.

38 While the reliability rationale underpins s 258(3) of the CPC in so far as
the use of inducement, threat or promise in the taking of statements raises
the spectre of false confessions, there may be other considerations as well
(see, generally, Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process
(LexisNexis, 7th Ed, 2020) at para 5.043, which considers a number of other
rationales). The prohibition in s 258(3) of the CPC may also be said to
discourage misconduct or other improprieties on the part of law enforcement
officers who might be tempted to use an inducement, a threat or a promise to
cajole or even compel an accused person to say something that he would not
have said otherwise. The objection in principle to the use of such strategies
in the course of statement-recording is that they could amount to abuse of
power and undermine the rule of law and the integrity of the judicial process.

39 The primary requirement for admissibility in s 258(3) of the CPC is that
the statement must be a voluntary one. Whether a statement is voluntary or not
turns on whether any of the elements mentioned in s 258(3) of the CPC was
present in the statement-taking process. The first stage of the inquiry is
whether there was any inducement, threat or promise having reference to the
charge against the accused person. If any of these was present, the next stage
examines whether the said inducement, threat or promise was such that it would
be reasonable for the accused person to think that he would gain some
advantage or avoid any “evil” (meaning adverse consequences) in relation to
the proceedings against him. These constitute the twin limbs of the
voluntariness test (Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R)
619 at [53]). The first stage considers objectively whether any inducement,
threat or promise was made. This entails a consideration of what might be
gained or lost as well as the degree of assurance (see, for example, Poh Kay
Keong and Ismail bin Abdul Rahman v Public Prosecutor [2004] 2 SLR(R) 74). The
second stage, which is the subjective limb, considers the effect of the
inducement, threat or promise on the mind of the accused person.

40 The nature of any inducement, threat or promise and its purported effect
may take a myriad of forms and the court’s assessment is necessarily a fact-
sensitive one. For instance, if the alleged inducement, threat or promise is
so vague or trivial in the circumstances, it is unlikely to get past the
objective standard at the first stage (see, for example, Yeo See How v Public
Prosecutor [1996] 2 SLR(R) 277 and Sharom bin Ahmad and another v Public
Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 541). Similarly, at the second stage, the court
will consider all the circumstances, including the personality and experience
of the accused person, when it decides whether and how any inducement, threat
or promise has affected the accused person in the statement-taking process.

41 Explanation 2 in s 258(3) of the CPC specifies that the mere presence of
certain situations do not render a statement inadmissible. The effect of
Explanation 2 is essentially that the prescribed circumstances would not, by
themselves, render a statement inadmissible. For example, as stated in
Explanation 2(b), the mere fact that an accused person is intoxicated would
not render the statement he gave inadmissible. However, this does not mean
that intoxication will never be relevant. An accused person who is in an
obvious state of delirium or semi-consciousness from severe intoxication would
not be capable of giving statements which could be relied upon safely. In the
final analysis, much depends on the degree of intoxication and the intensity
of its effect on a particular accused person.

42 The scope of Explanation 2(b) was the subject of some contention before the
Judge. The appellant relied on Public Prosecutor v Dahalan bin Ladaewa [1995]
2 SLR(R) 124 (“Dahalan”) for the proposition that drug withdrawal could be a
basis for finding that a statement was given involuntarily and that Kadar
provided a basis for excluding voluntary statements where the prejudicial
effect of the evidence exceeded its probative value, even if the evidence was
otherwise admissible. The Prosecution argued that the term “intoxicated”
encompassed drug withdrawal symptoms and that the appellant’s challenge as to
voluntariness on this ground was therefore a non-starter. The Judge did not
think that Explanation 2 was meant to overrule Dahalan. He was of the view
that such statements were excluded not because they were involuntary but
rather because of serious concerns about their reliability. He also did not
think that the insertion of Explanation 2 into the CPC, which took place after
Kadar was decided, overruled the Kadar discretion to exclude prejudicial
evidence with respect to statements obtained while an accused person was
allegedly labouring under the effects of drug withdrawal. The Judge did not
make a definitive ruling on the scope of “intoxicated” in Explanation 2(b).
However, he noted that even if he accepted the Prosecution’s argument that
“intoxicated” encompassed drug withdrawal symptoms, Explanation 2(b) did not
leave the Kadar discretion with no room to operate where an accused person’s
statement was disputed on the ground of drug withdrawal (GD at [44]).

43 Although this point was not repeated before us, we hold the view that
“intoxicated” in Explanation 2(b) to s 258(3) of the CPC can and should
include drug withdrawal. The ordinary meaning of “intoxication” refers to the
diminished ability to act with full mental and physical capabilities because
of alcohol or drug consumption (see Bryan A Garner (ed in chief), Black’s Law
Dictionary (Thomson Reuters, 11th Ed, 2019)). We find further support for our
view in ss 85 and 86(3) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) which
provide:

Intoxication when a defence

85.—(1) Except as provided in this section and in section 86, intoxication
shall not constitute a defence to any criminal charge.

(2) Intoxication shall be a defence to any criminal charge if by reason
thereof the person charged at the time of the act or omission complained of
did not know that such act or omission was wrong or did not know what he was
doing and —

(a) the state of intoxication was caused without his consent by the malicious
or negligent act of another person; or

(b) the person charged was, by reason of intoxication, insane, temporarily or
otherwise, at the time of such act or omission.

Effect of defence of intoxication when established

86.—(1) …

(2) Intoxication shall be taken into account for the purpose of determining
whether the person charged had formed any intention, specific or otherwise, in
the absence of which he would not be guilty of the offence.

Interpretation

(3) For the purposes of this section and section 85 “intoxication” shall be
deemed to include a state produced by narcotics or drugs.

Using a purposive approach, there is good reason why “intoxicated” in
Explanation 2(b) to s 258(3) of the CPC should not be confined to a state
caused by the consumption of alcohol. Depending on the type and the quantity
of the substances consumed, both are equally capable of depriving a person of
his rational thinking and even his consciousness.

Kadar exclusionary discretion

44 Apart from the admissibility regime set out in s 258(3) of the CPC, the
court also has a residual discretion at common law to exclude evidence where
its prejudicial effect outweighs its probative value. The origin for the
court’s exclusionary discretion was discussed in Kadar at some length. At
[51]–[53], the court stated:

51 In determining whether a residual discretion exists to exclude voluntary
statements made by an accused person, it is necessary to consider the
observations of the court in [Phyllis Tan] … the court further held (at [126])
that the key holding of the House of Lords in Regina v Sang [1980] 1AC 402
(“Sang”) to the effect that there remained a discretion to exclude any
evidence that had more prejudicial effect than probative value is “consistent
with the EA and in accordance with the letter and spirit of s 2(2), and is
therefore applicable in the Singapore context”.

52 Even before Phyllis Tan was decided, the existence of the Sang type of
discretion had been endorsed by this court in Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law
Society of Singapore [2007] 4 SLR(R) 377 (“Rayney Wong”) in the following
terms (at [27]):

We know of no principle which states that evidence that has been procured
improperly or unfairly in order to prosecute offenders but which is not
procured unlawfully is an abuse of process or that it is inadmissible in
evidence, except when there would be unfairness at the trial in terms of its
prejudicial effect exceeding its probative value.

In Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 3rd
Ed, 2010) … at ch 10 … this discretion is regarded as not only approved in
Phyllis Tan, but as arising from an inherent jurisdiction of the court to
prevent injustice at trial…

53 For present purposes, it suffices for us to state that from the recent
authorities cited above, it is clear that a common law discretion to exclude
voluntary statements that would otherwise be admissible exists where the
prejudicial effect of the evidence exceeds its probative value (for
convenience, this discretion will be referred to hereafter as the
“exclusionary discretion” where appropriate). In our view, the discretion
exercised by Rajendran J in [Public Prosecutor v Dahalan bin Ladaewa [1995] 2
SLR(R) 124] … was none other than this exclusionary discretion…

45 At its core, the exclusionary discretion is concerned with the reliability
of the statements as evidence to be admitted: Kadar at [55]. This residual
discretion applies to statements which, despite having been found or accepted
to be voluntary within the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC, nonetheless suffer
from some form of unfairness in terms of the circumstances and process by
which they were obtained. In other words, their prejudicial effect outweighs
their probative value. As the Judge noted, such statements are excluded not
because they are involuntary but because of the serious concerns about their
reliability: GD at [44].

46 The court’s exclusionary discretion therefore rests on a different footing
from s 258(3) of the CPC. As explained, the statutory admissibility regime
focuses on voluntariness using the factors of inducement, threat or promise.
However, in its exercise of its residual discretion to exclude evidence, the
court is concerned essentially with the reliability of the statement.

47 The probative value of any evidence is its ability to prove a fact in issue
or a relevant fact. Its prejudicial effect refers to how its admission might
be unfair to the accused person as a matter of process. Prejudice here is not
measured by the inculpatory or exculpatory nature of the statement since an
inculpatory statement will always be prejudicial to the accused person because
it goes to prove his guilt. This balancing exercise between prejudice and
probative value takes into account the competing considerations in this area
of the law including the rights of accused persons to be protected from acts
that are beyond the bounds of propriety or situations that are patently
unfair.

48 It is neither prudent nor possible to lay down a set of definitive
principles as to how the court should exercise its exclusionary discretion,
given the innumerable scenarios in which the reliability of an accused
person’s statement might be in issue. Some examples for evaluating prejudicial
effect would include whether the accused person was under the influence of
alcohol or of drugs, his physical condition at the material time and his
ability to understand the language used.

49 In Dahalan, the appellant was found in possession of a clutch bag
containing diamorphine. On the day the appellant’s statement was taken, he had
consumed heroin and erimin before his arrest and that caused him to be sleepy
and to have little recollection of what was happening. One police officer
testified that when the appellant was arrested that morning at 10.40am, he
appeared pale and his gait was unsteady. The same officer also testified that
the appellant had to be awakened from his sleep prior to the interview for the
impugned statement which was recorded at around 2.15pm that day at the police
station. He also said that the appellant looked sleepy during the recording.
Upon analysis, a high quantity of morphine was found in the appellant’s urine
sample. At the trial, the appellant, when asked by his counsel as to what he
recalled from the day of the arrest, his recollection was limited and in
particular, he was unable to recall telling one Sergeant Lai that he had
intended to sell the drugs, as was recorded in the impugned statement.

50 The court held that the statement taken from the appellant was inadmissible
for several reasons. The appellant had consumed drugs that morning, the
effects of which, including drowsiness, were experienced by him when the
statement was taken (at [69]). Moreover, Sergeant Lai was found to have
“flagrantly disregarded” the provisions of the CPC and the Police General
Orders in relation to the taking of the statement and no reasonable
explanation was offered for the lapses (at [79] and [85]).

51 In Kadar, two brothers were charged with murder. The relevant prejudicial
effect arose from procedural irregularities in the recording of two statements
from one Ismil. Specifically, the Court of Appeal found that there was
deliberate and repeated non-compliance with the procedural requirements for
the taking of statements stipulated in the CPC as well as in the Police
General Orders (Kadar at [140]–[144]). In the circumstances, the statements in
question were found to be inadmissible because their prejudicial effect
exceeded their probative value.

52 The Court of Appeal in Kadar noted that little or no weight could be given
to all of Ismil’s statements because there was real doubt as to their
reliability (at [150]). One of the factors was that at the material time,
Ismil was suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms owing to his Dormicum
addiction which was in the moderate to severe range and which caused him to be
in a state of confusion and/or unable to cope with stressful situations.
Notably, there was independent evidence from the officers involved that, among
other things, the appellant appeared tired, was limping, had bloodshot eyes,
slurred speech and appeared “high” on the day that the disputed statements
were recorded (at [160]–[165]).

53 While the situations in which the prejudicial effect of evidence might
justify exclusion of voluntary evidence are myriad, this should not be a
licence to put forward unmeritorious challenges to statements. In any
balancing exercise, where a voluntary statement is found to be highly
probative, evidence of significant prejudice to the accused person would be
required to justify the exclusion of the statement.

Summary

54 In summary, where there is a dispute as to the admissibility of a
statement, the following questions should be considered:

(a) First, was the statement given voluntarily based on the requirements set
out in s 258(3) of the CPC?

(i) If the statement was involuntary due to an inducement, threat or promise
within the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC, then it shall be excluded and that
is the end of the admissibility inquiry.

(ii) If the statement was voluntary, the enquiry proceeds to the second step.

(b) Second, even if the statement was voluntary, would the prejudicial effect
of the statement outweigh its probative value? This is a discretionary
exercise and the court’s foremost concern is in evaluating the reliability of
the statement in the light of the specific circumstances in which it was
recorded.

55 The question of admissibility – whether under the statutory regime or the
common law discretion – is, however, separate from the question of weight.
Where statements, particularly confessions, have been retracted, the court
will exercise care in assessing the retracted confession as highlighted in
Kadar at [74] affirming Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006]
4 SLR(R) 45 at [85]–[86]:

85 However, both Lim Thian Lai and Panya Martmontree have cautioned that the
evidential weight to be assigned to the retracted statement should be
assiduously and scrupulously assessed by the courts. In particular, I would
add, if the retracted statement forms the only evidence upon which the
Prosecution’s case rests, such statements should attract painstaking if not
relentless scrutiny. Therefore, in Lim Thian Lai ([84] supra) at [43], it was
held that it was necessary for the court to be satisfied that the retracted
confession is voluntary, true and reliable…

86 I pause here only to emphasise that the requirements of the proviso to the
general principle that a retracted statement may still be relied upon as being
true, viz, that the statement should be voluntary and objectively reliable
should be required conjunctively. Therefore, it is not sufficient for the
Prosecution merely to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the statement was
made voluntarily. A statement by a witness (or even an accused) even if it was
given voluntarily may or may not be reliable depending on the circumstances of
the case and the cogency of the statement itself and may to that extent, be
dubious.

[emphasis in original]

Our decision on admissibility

Section 258(3) of the CPC

56 The appellant alleged that the recording officer of the contemporaneous
statement here had offered him the following inducement, “make it fast then
you go and rest”. The allegation was that the recording officer was trying to
rush through the recording of the statement because he had to leave the scene
of arrest in order to be in time for the breaking of fast in the evening as it
was the Muslim Ramadan month. The appellant pointed to the fact that the
recording of the contemporaneous statement comprising 29 questions and answers
took only 32 minutes (5.55pm to 6.27pm) and that the recording officer left
the scene of arrest at 6.45pm. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, paras 21 to 23.

57 We are not persuaded by this contention. Both the recording officer and the
appellant spoke in Malay as that was the language that the appellant chose to
speak in. The questions and the answers were recorded in Malay. As shall be
seen later, it is apparent from the contemporaneous statement that practically
all the questions posed were short and simple ones and the appellant’s answers
to them were also short and simple. For instance, translated into English, one
question merely asked, “What is this?” and the one-word answer was “Heroin”.
Another question asked, “What is it for?” and the answer was, “Same also. For
smoke and sale”. The fact that the recording of the contemporaneous statement
took only 32 minutes therefore did not appear to be an impossible feat and
certainly did not give the impression that it was a rushed job. The fact that
the recording officer left the scene at 6.45pm after the recording of the
contemporaneous statement was completed at 6.27pm did not lead to the
conclusion that he was rushing off for his breaking of fast because one might
even argue that he would have left much sooner rather than delay some 18
minutes after finishing the recording of the contemporaneous statement before
leaving the scene.

58 In the circumstances, we agree with the Judge that no inducement was given
by the recording officer to the appellant before the recording. We agree that
the Prosecution has proved beyond reasonable doubt that the contemporaneous
statement was given voluntarily under s 258(3) of the CPC. The contemporaneous
statement is therefore admissible under s 258(3) of the CPC.

59 For completeness, we discuss s 258(6)(c) of the CPC briefly. The provision
reads:

(6) Notwithstanding any other provision in this section —

(a) where a person is charged with any offence in relation to the making or
contents of any statement made by him to any officer of a law enforcement
agency in the course of any investigation carried out by the agency, that
statement may be used as evidence in the prosecution;

(b) any statement made by the accused in the course of an identification
parade may be used as evidence; and

(c) when any fact or thing is discovered in consequence of information
received from a person accused of any offence in the custody of any officer of
a law enforcement agency, so much of such information as relates distinctly to
the fact or thing thereby discovered may be proved.

60 The premise of s 258(6)(c) is that part of the statement which is
subsequently confirmed by the discovery of a material fact is likely to be
reliable. While this provision was not raised by either party before us, we
note that upon the CNB officers’ forced entry into the appellant’s rented
room, one of the officers asked the appellant whether he had anything to
surrender. In response, the appellant said “three” and gestured with his head
towards the wardrobe, where the three bundles of the drugs in question were
found as a consequence. Therefore, even if the contemporaneous statement were
inadmissible under the voluntariness test, the fact that the three bundles
were found as a result of information which came from the appellant could be
proved under s 258(6) of the CPC. This would show at least that the appellant
was aware of the presence of the three bundles in the wardrobe.

Exclusionary discretion

61 As the contemporaneous statement was given voluntarily, the second issue
here is whether there was nevertheless such unfairness in the circumstances of
its recording that its prejudicial effect outweighed its probative value. As
already mentioned, the appellant argued that he was in a vulnerable mental
state at the time of recording of the statement because of: (a) his
consumption of diamorphine and the withdrawal effects; (b) his consumption of
methamphetamine shortly before his arrest; and (c) his lack of sleep for three
consecutive days before his arrest due to his consumption of methamphetamine.

62 It was undisputed that amphetamine, morphine and opiate were detected in
the appellant’s urine based on tests conducted after his arrest. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP Vol II, p 286; ROP Vol II, p 212 to 213.

A lot of time was spent during the ancillary hearing in adducing medical
evidence on the appellant’s physical condition during the recording of the
contemporaneous statement. The medical evidence came from the following
doctors:

(a) Dr Yak and Dr Raymond Lim who examined the appellant before and after the
cautioned statement taken on 24 June 2016 respectively;

(b) The evidence of the doctors from the CMC (Dr Tan and Dr Nathan) who
examined the appellant when he was admitted for drug withdrawal assessment
between 25 and 27 June 2016;

(c) Dr Jason Lee, a psychiatrist with the Institute of Mental Health, who
assessed the appellant in July 2016; and

(d) The appellant’s expert witness, Dr Lim Yun Chin, a psychiatrist from
Raffles Hospital, who assessed the appellant in July 2018.

63 The examinations made by the first two groups of doctors above were the
most proximate assessments of the appellant in relation to the contemporaneous
statement recorded on 23 June 2016. In contrast, the evidence of Dr Jason Lee
and Dr Lim Yun Chin dealt with the onset and progression of drug withdrawal
symptoms. As mentioned earlier, it was undisputed that the appellant was
diagnosed to be suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms from 25 June 2016 to
27 June 2016 when he was admitted into the CMC. The issue here is whether he
was experiencing similar symptoms at the time of the recording of the
contemporaneous statement on 23 June 2016.

64 The evidence of the doctors from the CMC formed the basis for the
appellant’s arguments. Between 25 June 2016 and 27 June 2016, the appellant
was assessed using the Clinical Opiate Withdrawal Scale (COWS), a tool used to
determine the severity of withdrawal from diamorphine. In brief, the COWS
employs a scoring system based on various symptoms which include pulse rate,
sweating, restlessness, pupil size, bone or joint aches, runny nose or
tearing, gastrointestinal upset, tremors and yawning. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP Vol II, p 292.

Depending on the total score obtained, the patient’s withdrawal symptoms can
be classified into one of five bands: negative, mild, moderate, moderately
severe and severe. For our present purposes, it suffices to note that the mild
band ranges from 5 to 12 points whereas the moderate band ranges from 13 to 24
points.

65 The appellant was given a COWS score of 13 on 25 June 2016 followed by a
score of 7 for each of the remaining two days at the CMC, ie, he was at the
bottom of the moderate band on the first day of admission and within the mild
band for the second and the third day. In a report dated 15 August 2016 by Dr
Edwin Vethamony from the CMC, it was stated that the appellant was “positive
for moderate drug withdrawal”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP Vol II, p 284.

This was based on a review of the appellant’s COWS scores and the clinical
notes of Dr Tan and Dr Nathan who had reviewed the appellant during his stay
in the CMC. Dr Vethamony emphasised that the COWS operates on a spectrum and
since the highest score given to the appellant out of the three days was 13,
he arrived at a conclusion of moderate drug withdrawal.

66 The appellant took issue with two aspects of the CMC’s assessment. First,
it was alleged that the appellant’s rate of drug consumption was in fact
higher than what was recorded in the clinical notes. Dr Tan’s notes stated
that the appellant consumed 0.3g of diamorphine per day and 0.5g of
methamphetamine per day. Before the Judge, the appellant testified that he
consumed about 8g of diamorphine per day (smoking about 2 to 5g per session);
as for methamphetamine, it was approximately 3 to 5g per session four times a
day. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript, 3 August 2018, pp 43 to 44.

Second, the appellant argued that the correct COWS score for the second day of
his stay at the CMC, 26 June 2016, should be 10 instead of 7. This was because
the appellant had complained of nausea and vomiting and three episodes of
diarrhoea and these should have yielded a higher score under the
“gastrointestinal upset” factor. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript, 1 August 2018, p 81, lines 15 to 21.

67 In our view, neither contention has any merit. While Dr Tan conceded in
cross-examination that he did not ask the appellant how much drugs he consumed
per session and did not go into an extended inquiry as to the appellant’s drug
history since his youth, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript, 31 July 2018, p 101 to 102.

this was not sufficient to cast doubt on the accuracy of his notes. In any
case, when the appellant was examined in 2018 by his expert witness, Dr Lim
Yun Chin, the evidence was that he informed Dr Lim Yun Chin that he was not in
a position to know how many grams of diamorphine and of methamphetamine he
took daily. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript, 21 August 2018, p 76.

Instead, the appellant only informed Dr Lim Yun Chin that he consumed about 1
to 1.5 packets of diamorphine of unspecified weight every 4 to 6 hours and
that his usage of methamphetamine was irregular and erratic. The appellant’s
own account of his consumption habits was therefore flimsy and we are not able
to see any basis for doubting Dr Tan’s evidence. The appellant’s criticism of
the COWS score given for 26 June 2016 is also of little consequence. For the
second day of his stay at the CMC on 26 June 2016, even if the appellant’s
“gastrointestinal upset” score was given the maximum of 5 points instead of
the 2 points as scored, the total COWS score would be 10 and that would only
place the appellant at the higher end of the mild withdrawal range of 5 – 12
instead of at the lower end.

68 Taking the appellant’s moderate drug withdrawal between 25 June 2016 and 27
June 2016 as the reference point, the appellant argued that he was probably
experiencing even more severe symptoms during the recording of the
contemporaneous statement on 23 June 2016. The appellant relied on Dr Lim Yun
Chin’s evidence while the Prosecution relied on Dr Jason Lee’s.

69 While the evidence of Dr Lim Yun Chin and Dr Jason Lee diverged in some
respects, there were two points of consensus. Both psychiatrists agreed
generally that:

(a) The consumption of diamorphine and methamphetamine at different times by
the appellant on 23 June 2016 presented significant difficulty in postulating
how the appellant’s body would have responded during the recording of the
contemporaneous statement;

(b) However, being in a state of drug withdrawal and/or under the influence of
drugs would not necessarily prevent someone from giving a voluntary and
reliable statement.

70 Dr Lim Yun Chin’s evidence was that the withdrawal symptoms from
consumption of diamorphine could begin anytime between 6 to 72 hours from last
use and could peak anytime within that period. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript, 21 August 2018, pp 88 to 89.

Because of the severity and chronicity of the appellant’s drug addiction, the
symptoms could take effect as early as 4 to 6 hours after his last use of
drugs in the morning of 23 June 2016. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript, 21 August 2018, p 88, line 17.

The typical progression of the symptoms could be represented graphically as a
sigmoid curve (which increases at a relatively speedy rate at the start and
then decreases at a gentler pace) in contrast to a symmetrical bell-shaped
curve (where both the flow and the ebb of the symptoms occur at the same
rate). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript, 21 August 2018, p 88.

At the same time, Dr Lim Yun Chin stated that the symptoms could fluctuate
during the withdrawal process. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 21 August 2018, pp 108 to 109.

His opinion was that the peak of the appellant’s drug withdrawal symptoms
should have occurred before 25 June 2016 when he was assessed by the CMC.
Hence, by extrapolating backwards, it was likely that the appellant would have
been experiencing more severe and distressing drug withdrawal symptoms during
the recording of the contemporaneous statement in the evening of 23 June 2016.

71 Dr Jason Lee testified that withdrawal symptoms for diamorphine typically
include agitation, restlessness, nausea, diarrhoea, increased heart rate and
runny nose. They would usually begin to show about 8 to 12 hours after last
use and the peak of the symptoms would usually come 24 to 48 hours before
subsiding. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript, 1 August 2018, p 27, lines 5 to 25.

Therefore, the appellant could only have had mild drug withdrawal symptoms at
the time of the recording of the contemporaneous statement. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript, 1 August 2018, p 29, lines 3 to 6; p 42, lines 1 to 2.

When the statement (as shall be discussed below) was shown to Dr Jason Lee on
the stand, he noted that the appellant’s answers were relevant, coherent and
goal-directed. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, 1 August 2018, p 32, lines 19 to 29.

72 The key portions of Dr Lim Yun Chin’s report dated 27 July 2018 under
“Opinion” stated: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROP Vol II, p 18 to 19.

I have been informed that that the accused was suffering from heroin
withdrawal during the recording of the contemporaneous police statements at
about 6pm & 10pm on 23 Jun 2016.

Based on Dr Vethmony’s report, the severity of his withdrawal symptoms was
graded a score of 13 (moderate range) on 25.6.2016. On 26.6.2016, the score
came down to 7 (mild range). On 27.6.2016 the score was also 7.

It is a common phenomenon that heroin withdrawal symptoms reduce with time
over a period that could extend to two weeks. On 23.6.2016, the severity of
withdrawal symptoms were not graded but it is logical to assume it could be
higher than 13.

The withdrawal symptoms that Dr Vethmony documented on 25.6.2016 was that the
accused was having "diffuse body ache and joint pain in to abdominal cramps
with nausea" and "loose stools". The doctor's clinical examination revealed
the accused was "restless, but alert" and he had "increased tearing and nasal
secretion, slight body temperature" all sign of heroin withdrawal.

If these same symptoms (namely, diffuse body ache, joint pain, abdominal
cramps, loose stools, restlessness, tearing and nasal secretion and body
temperature) were present on 23.6.2018, it is likely the symptoms were more
severe and distressing. However it would be conjectural whether someone with
such extensive symptoms could be medically fit to be interrogated for
contemporaneous police statements at about 6pm & l0pm on 23 Jun 2016 as drug
addicts vary in their resilience to withdrawal symptoms.

73 The date “23.6.2018” in the last quoted paragraph must be a typographical
error because the events in issue took place in 2016. We have difficulty
accepting Dr Lim Yun Chin’s evidence for a number of a reasons. First, he
appeared to have assumed the very thing which he was tasked to assess when he
stated that he was “informed that … the accused was suffering from heroin
withdrawal” during the recording of the contemporaneous statement. When asked
about this in cross-examination, Dr Lim Yun Chin’s evidence was that the
appellant had told him that and he did not ask the appellant about his
symptoms during the material time. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript, 21 August 2018, p 79 to 80.

74 Second, no scientific basis was given for the extrapolation from the
appellant’s symptoms on 25 June 2016 backwards to 23 June 2016 when the
contemporaneous statement was recorded. On Dr Lim Yun Chin’s theory, the
appellant’s symptoms on 24 June 2016 ought to have been more severe than those
assessed by the CMC on 25 June 2016. However, this was not borne out on the
evidence.

75 Third, Dr Lim Yun Chin did not consider the contents of the contemporaneous
statement. The crux of the appellant’s case was that the contemporaneous
statement was inaccurate and should be excluded because he was labouring under
the effects of drug withdrawal at the material time. When this point was put
to Dr Lim Yun Chin in cross-examination, he conceded that this was a
limitation to his evaluation on whether the appellant was in fact medically
fit and in a proper frame of mind to be interrogated. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript, 21 August 2018, p 103, lines 4 to 9.

In our judgment, the appellant’s answers in the statement were relevant to the
assessment of his mental state at that point in time and the omission to
consider it diminishes the weight to be given to Dr Lim Yun Chin’s opinions.

76 Dr Yak examined the appellant between 4.15pm and 4.20pm on 24 June 2016
prior to the recording of his cautioned statement. She stated that she did not
observe any drug withdrawal symptoms during the examination. Her report stated
that the appellant “was alert and well, with stable vital signs” and the
examination was unremarkable. Dr Raymond Lim assessed the appellant at 10.12pm
on the same day after the completion of the cautioned statement. He also did
not observe any drug withdrawal symptoms. While the examination by Dr Raymond
Lim lasted about three minutes only, we do not think that undermined the
accuracy of the doctor’s observations. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript, p 117, lines 13 to 24.

Dr Raymond Lim’s clinical notes recorded a negative finding for drug
withdrawal signs. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ROP Vol II, p 253.

His report also stated that the appellant was “alert, comfortable and
responsive” and he was “speaking in full sentences”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ROP Vol II, p 250 and 256.

While the two doctors’ assessments were not for the specific purpose of
detecting drug withdrawal symptoms, there was no dispute that both Dr Yak and
Dr Raymond Lim were qualified in observing and detecting such symptoms. We
agree with the Judge that they would have been able to detect drug withdrawal
symptoms if they had conducted the examinations properly. There was no
evidence that they had not done so.

77 Dr Lim Yun Chin’s extrapolation was therefore incongruous with the
objective evidence of the appellant’s condition on 24 June 2016. If his
backward extrapolation were accepted, it would mean that the appellant
experienced more severe withdrawal symptoms on 23 June 2016 than on 25 June
2016 but somehow did not exhibit any discernible drug withdrawal symptoms when
examined by the two doctors on 24 June 2016 on separate occasions some six
hours apart. In our view, this was highly improbable and was also at odds with
the usual progression of drug withdrawal symptoms in the trajectory of a
sigmoid curve as explained by Dr Lim Yun Chin.

78 The postulations of Dr Jason Lee and Dr Lim Yun Chin on the onset and peak
of the drug withdrawal symptoms after the appellant’s last use of diamorphine
in the morning of 23 June 2016 can be tabulated as follows for easy reference:

| Onset| Peak  
---|---|---  
Dr Lim Yun Chin| as soon as 4 to 6 hours | between 6 to 72 hours   
Dr Jason Lee| about 8 to 12 hours | between 24 to 48 hours   
  
79 In our view, the more likely sequence of events was that the appellant’s
withdrawal symptoms peaked sometime after the medical examination by  
Dr Raymond Lim at 10.12pm on 24 June 2016 but before his first examination at
the CMC at 4.10pm on 25 June 2016 by Dr Tan. There was no clear evidence as to
when in the morning of 23 June 2016 the appellant consumed diamorphine.
Nonetheless, taking 8am as the estimated reference point (see [91] below),
this would suggest that the appellant’s withdrawal symptoms from diamorphine
peaked at some point between 38 hours and 56 hours after consumption. This
range would be within the postulations for peak withdrawal symptoms stated by
both Dr Lim Yun Chin and Dr Jason Lee.

80 Finally, even on the appellant’s own evidence, he was, at most, at an early
stage of withdrawal. This could be observed from two related exchanges in his
cross-examination during the trial.

81 The first exchange related to the appellant’s motivations and reasons for
the answers in the contemporaneous statement: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, 3 August 2018, p 59, lines 20 to 25.

Q Why were you prepared to give false answers and sign off on false answers
just to end the interview quickly? Why was that so important to you?

A Because at that moment in time, my mind was confused. I was scared of the
withdrawal symptoms and so many things went through my mind.

Q What are these so many things?

A Things regarding my daughter. I would be in prison for a long time. Okay, I
was thinking about the pain that I will have to face during my withdrawal.
Those are the things confusing me.

82 The second exchange was a follow-up to the above questions: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript, 3 August 2018, p 72 to 73.

Q And, just now, you testified that there were many things going through your
mind. Right?

A Yes.

Q You said that you were afraid withdrawal symptoms would set in.

A Yes.

…

Q Alright. You said that you were afraid withdrawal symptoms would set in.
This is your own thoughts, right? You are scared that withdrawal symptoms will
set in. Your thoughts.

A I’m at the early stage of withdrawal symptom.

83 The appellant’s own evidence suggested that he was experiencing only mild
drug withdrawal symptoms at the material time. His account would therefore be
inconsistent with Dr Lim Yun Chin’s backward extrapolation discussed above.
For all these reasons, like the Judge, we do not accept Dr Lim Yun Chin’s
evidence on the appellant’s condition on 23 June 2016.

84 We are satisfied that the appellant was not suffering from any significant
drug withdrawal symptoms or medical condition which would have a prejudicial
effect in relation to the contemporaneous statement. It certainly could not be
said that the appellant was in a state of “near delirium” such that his mind
did not go with the statement he was making (Garnam Singh v Public Prosecutor
[1994] 1 SLR(R) 1044 at [31]). Contrary to the appellant’s submissions, we
also do not think that he was in “a state of drowsiness or confusion such as
to make it unsafe to admit his statement made”: Public Prosecutor v Ismil bin
Kadar and another [2009] SGHC 84 at [26]. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, paras 27 to 28.

85 We now consider the contents of the contemporaneous statement which, as
mentioned, contained highly incriminating admissions. In our opinion, the
court is entitled to examine the contents of an impugned statement in its
determination of whether it should be excluded or not. This is particularly so
in situations such as the present where the allegations centred on the level
of alertness and consciousness of the person making the statement. The
paramount concern of the court here is the reliability of the statement and it
would be artificial and against common-sense not to look at the contents of
the statement when deciding whether there was prejudicial effect that
outweighed its probative value. This is because the answers in the statement
may reveal facts which were known only to the person making the statement or
details which could not have been uttered by a person who was so mentally
exhausted or confused or who was drifting in and out of consciousness.

86 The contemporaneous statement consisted of 29 open-ended questions and
answers. The salient portions which were most damaging to the appellant’s case
can be summarised as follows:

(a) The appellant identified unequivocally the bundles of the drugs in
question (ie, exhibits A1, A2 and A3) as heroin that belonged to him and that
the drugs were for “smoke and sale”. In relation to exhibits A1 and A2, he
also explained that the two bundles allowed him to make 100 packets or about
10 sets which he would sell for $800 each.

(b) When asked about exhibit A4, the appellant identified it correctly as
“fake stuffs”.

(c) When referred to exhibits A5 and A6, the appellant identified them
correctly as heroin and as ice respectively and also commented on their
damaged or poor quality.

(d) When asked about the various packets found at B, the bedside table, the
appellant was likewise able to identify them as heroin or as ice, state their
weight and whether they were for consumption or sale. He also stated the price
of each packet of ice found in a ziplock bag marked B3 as being about $800.

(e) When asked whom he took all the drugs from, the appellant said, “From
Malaysian people.” When asked when he last collected drugs, the appellant
stated, “This morning. Three stones.”

87 It was evident that the appellant had made clear admissions about his
knowledge of the presence of the drugs in the room and of their nature. He had
also indicated what he intended to do with the drugs. It was equally apparent
on the face of the statement that the appellant’s responses to the open-ended
questions were coherent and clear. All these militated against any suggestion
that the appellant was experiencing severe drug withdrawal symptoms during the
recording of the contemporaneous statement. Moreover, the appellant identified
the contents of exhibit A4 to be “fake stuffs” and not the drugs they
purported to be and that turned out to be true after analysis by the HSA. This
was a fact which the CNB officers could not have been aware of at that stage
of the investigations. Such special knowledge showed the appellant’s clarity
of mind despite having consumed drugs earlier and certainly bolstered the
reliability of the contemporaneous statement.

88 Before us, there was some dispute as to the accuracy of the portion of the
contemporaneous statement concerning the source of the appellant’s drugs. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, 1 July 2020, p 31.

The final questions and answers in the contemporaneous statement were:

Q26 All these drugs you take from who?

A26 From Malaysia people.

Q27 When did you last take?

A27 This morning. Three stones.

Q28 Who did you take from?

A28 Malaysia person also at Woodlands.

Q29 Do you know the Malaysia person who send?

A29 No. They always change people.

89 The appellant testified at the trial that he did not leave his room in the
morning of 23 June 2016. He only left his room around 3pm to collect food from
a friend, Icam, through a side gate of the condominium. At the continued
hearing of the trial some months later, he added that sometime after 10am that
morning, a friend called Jepun brought him some breakfast which he also
collected at the side gate. Counsel for the appellant highlighted that there
was absolutely no evidence that the appellant left the condominium compound in
the morning of 23 June 2016 or that he had gone to Woodlands to collect the
drugs. According to the investigating officer, there was no CCTV recording
available on the appellant’s movements that morning. The appellant therefore
submitted that this portion of the statement was recorded incorrectly and this
eroded the overall reliability of the statement.

90 We make the following observations on this contention. In the original
Malay language version of the contemporaneous statement, the appellant said in
Answer 27 that he took “tiga batu”, which was translated as “three stones”. At
the trial, the appellant stated that he knew this meant three pounds in drug
jargon. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, 21 August 2018, pp 11 to 12.

This corresponded to the three bundles of drug in question which weighed
approximately one pound each.

91 There was no objective evidence on whether the appellant left or did not
leave the condominium compound on 23 June 2016. However, on the appellant’s
evidence, he did leave his room to go to the side gate of the condominium at
least twice that day, purportedly to collect breakfast and then lunch from two
different friends. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript, 26 February 2019, pp 76 to 77.

In fact, there were a lot of movements into and out of the room that morning.
The appellant had also testified that at about 1am, a friend named Dino (also
known as Zainudin) drove to the condominium to meet him. When the appellant
left his room (while his girlfriend called Juliana was still inside) to meet
Dino, the appellant realised that he had forgotten to bring along the remote
control for the gates. As a result, he climbed over the gates to meet Dino in
his car outside the condominium. The appellant said that Dino was supposed to
give him methadone but told him that he could not get it. The appellant then
returned to his room and continued consuming drugs and conversing with
Julianna until she left around 5am. Sometime past 6am that day, Dino and his
girlfriend Sue went to the condominium to consume drugs with the appellant in
his room. At about 8am, another friend named Akay wanted to go to the
condominium so the appellant asked Dino and his girlfriend to leave as he did
not want too many persons to be in the room because it would be noisy. The two
visitors were told to leave by the lift and the main gates while the appellant
walked down the staircase to receive Akay at the side gate. He did not want
Akay to meet Dino and his girlfriend. Akay and the appellant consumed drugs in
the room until Akay left sometime past 10am. After that, there was the
purported delivery of breakfast and then lunch by his two friends.

92 It was pointed out to us that there was a deleted outgoing call made from
the appellant’s phone to a taxi company at 6.46am on 23 June 2016. At the
trial, the appellant said that it was normal for him to delete unimportant
calls. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript, 27 February 2019, p 97, lines 14 to 16.

He explained that he made this call after his girlfriend, Juliana, who was
then at Sembawang, contacted him to call a taxi for her as she had to rush to
Woodlands. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript, 27 February 2019, p 78.

When it was put to the appellant that this account was contrived by him to
conceal the truth that he had called a taxi to go to Woodlands himself, the
appellant denied it.

93 For completeness, we mention briefly the appellant’s behaviour at the time
when the CNB officers entered his room forcefully using a battering ram. The
evidence showed that the appellant was lying on the bed, watching a video on
his mobile device when this took place. The appellant’s seeming nonchalance at
the noisy intrusion was rather unusual. However, this point was not developed
in the proceedings and we do not need to say more about it. In any case, as we
have explained, the coherence and cogency of the contemporaneous statement
together with the absence of any evidence of the appellant’s purported drug
withdrawal symptoms on 23 and 24 June 2016 lead us to the conclusion that the
appellant’s mind was lucid at the material time.

94 On the totality of the evidence therefore, it could not be said that there
was an error in the contemporaneous statement in relation to when and where
the three bundles of drugs were collected. Even if there was such an error
made inadvertently or otherwise by the appellant in his answers, that alone
would not cast doubt on the reliability of the rest of the statement. The
whole tenor of the statement showed that the appellant was quite clear minded
at the time of its recording. As we have discussed earlier, he was aware of
the presence of the three bundles of drugs in the wardrobe, he could tell
their approximate weight and knew what they contained. He could even tell
which were “fake stuffs” or “damaged stuff”. In the premises, the probative
value of the contemporaneous statement is very high. His alleged suffering
from drug withdrawal symptoms at the material time has been shown to be
untrue. Accordingly, there is no question of any prejudicial effect
outweighing the probative value of the contemporaneous statement because there
was no prejudice at all in the recording of the statement. There is no reason
that warrants the court’s exercise of its exclusionary discretion. The
contemporaneous statement is clearly admissible and the Judge was correct in
allowing it into evidence.

Whether the charge was proved

95 Having determined the admissibility question, we now consider whether the
Prosecution has proved the trafficking charge against the appellant beyond
reasonable doubt. The issues to be determined are:

(a) Whether the appellant had possession of the drugs in question;

(b) Whether the appellant had knowledge of the nature of the drugs in
question; and

(c) Whether the appellant possessed the drugs in question for the purposes of
trafficking.

Possession and the presumption in s 18(1)(c) of the MDA

96 The applicable principles are fairly settled. As the Judge noted (GD at
[63]), this court in Adili Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 254
(“Adili”) has addressed at length the general principles concerning the
element of possession. Adili was decided about a couple of weeks after the
Judge gave his decision but before he set out his reasons in writing. The
Judge also noted GD at [71]) that there was no question of wilful blindness in
this case.

97 The Judge found that the contemporaneous statement was reliable and that it
showed clearly that the appellant had possession of the drugs in question as
well as knowledge of their nature (GD at [64] and [81]). The Judge added that
if he was wrong on the issue of the admissibility of the contemporaneous
statement, he was still satisfied on the rest of the evidence that the
appellant had the requisite possession. This was because the drugs in question
were recovered from a drawer in the wardrobe in the appellant’s room,
alongside other drug exhibits which the appellant had admitted to ownership of
(GD at [67]). Possession was therefore proved as a fact.

98 Before we discuss whether the Judge was correct in his conclusions about
possession having been proved as a fact, we first consider the issue of the
presumption of possession in s 18(1)(c) of the MDA. Having found that
possession was proved, the Judge considered the Prosecution’s alternative case
that the presumption in s 18(1)(c) of the MDA applied. The provision states:

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control –

…

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; …

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

In Poon Soh Har and another v Public Prosecutor [1977–1978] SLR(R) 97 (“Poon
Soh Har”), the Court of Appeal held (at [24]) that the above presumption (then
set out in s 16(1)(c) of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1973 (Act 5 of 1973) applied
“only if it was first proved that the second appellant had possession of all
the relevant keys”. In that case, there were two keys each to the letterbox
and the apartment in which drugs were found and the second appellant had only
one set of the keys. The court therefore held that the presumption did not
apply and acquitted the second appellant.

99 The Prosecution submitted that the presumption in s 18(1)(c) of the MDA
applied in this case because the appellant had possession of the keys to the
apartment and the rented room and the drugs were found in the wardrobe in that
room. The Prosecution invited us to overrule Poon Soh Har’s interpretation of
“the keys” in the presumption as referring to all the keys to the premises in
issue. Instead, we were urged to adopt a purposive interpretation and hold
that “the keys” meant a set of keys and that the appellant did not need to
hold all the keys to the room. The Prosecution pointed out that Steven Chong
JA sitting in the High Court in Public Prosecutor v Tan Lye Heng [2017] 5 SLR
564 (“Tan Lye Heng”) had commented that Poon Soh Har was at odds with more
recent Court of Appeal pronouncements that the presumption could apply even if
an accused person was not the owner of the premises in question but was only a
tenant or a visitor and that proof of possession of “the key” suffices to
invoke the presumption (at [117]). The Prosecution also referred to Steven
Chong JA’s comment that it would be timely to revisit Poon Soh Har when the
opportunity should arise in future.

100 The appellant argued that the presumption was inapplicable because Jepun
(who apparently could not be located and was not a witness at the trial) also
possessed a set of keys to the rented room as he was one of the persons who
used the room and, together with three others, contributed to the rent. The
room was a “drug haunt” which was used at various times by the appellant and
other persons to consume drugs. In any case, even if the presumption applied,
the appellant had rebutted it because there was at least one other set of keys
to the room and numerous persons had unsupervised access to the room and the
unlocked wardrobe and its drawers. Other persons could access the room without
the appellant’s knowledge or presence and they did so in the days or hours
before the appellant’s arrest. Even if the appellant was the only one with the
remote control to the main gates of the condominium, the remote control was
irrelevant to accessing the rented room. Even the CNB officers gained access
to the condominium by simply waiting for someone inside to open the gates to
exit. The appellant emphasised that he did not have exclusive access to the
room.

101 In response to the appellant’s contentions, the Prosecution submitted that
the appellant’s claim about Jepun having another set of the keys was a bare
assertion and was incredible. The appellant mentioned in his statements that
he did not know Jepun’s real name although he gave some descriptions about his
physical appearance. Despite claiming that he had saved Jepun’s phone number
under three different names in three handphones, the appellant did not call
Jepun to testify at the trial. Although the appellant claimed that some of the
clothes in the room could have belonged to Jepun and the appellant’s two other
friends, the appellant’s DNA was found on all the clothes (save for a T-shirt
from which no DNA profile was obtained) and no other person’s DNA was found on
those clothes. In any event, the appellant said at the trial that the three
bundles of the drugs in question could only have been placed in the wardrobe
between 12 noon on 22 June 2016 when he last accessed the wardrobe and the
time of his arrest on 23 June 2016. He added that Jepun did not visit the room
during that stretch of time (Jepun only brought breakfast for the appellant at
the side gate). Therefore, the Prosecution submitted, the one other person who
allegedly held a set of keys to the rented room did not place the three
bundles of drugs in the wardrobe.

102 The Judge noted the case law on this issue (Poon Soh Har and Tan Lye Heng)
and concluded that the presumption in s 18(1)(c) of the MDA did not apply in
this case. He opined that the onus was on the Prosecution to show that there
was no other person in possession of the keys to the premises in question
before s 18(1)(c) could apply. In any event, the Judge did not find it
necessary to rely on the presumption as he found that the appellant knew that
the drugs in question were in his room and that they belonged to him.
Possession was therefore proved as a fact (at [20], [21], [78] and [80]).

103 As will be seen later in this judgment, we agree with the Judge that
possession of the drugs was proved by the Prosecution’s evidence and that
there was no need to resort to the presumption in s 18(1)(c). We therefore
decline to consider whether the quoted statement of the law in Poon Soh Har
concerning the scope of operation of the presumption is still correct.
However, we will make a passing observation on the Judge’s holding that the
onus was on the Prosecution to show that there was no other person in
possession of the keys to the premises in question before s 18(1)(c) could
apply. Such a holding appears to require the Prosecution to prove a negative
which is a practically impossible task in almost all cases since the
Prosecution would not know how many sets of keys of any particular house or
room exist at any point in time. This is even more so in cases where the house
or room was rented out to various persons over several years.

104 Possession for the purposes under s 5 of the MDA refers to physical
possession and knowledge of the item held in possession (Adili at [31] and
[40]). It was clear from the appellant’s contemporaneous statement that he had
such knowing possession of the drugs in question. As we highlighted earlier,
the appellant had identified all three bundles as heroin, had said that they
were his and that they were for “smoke and sale”. Moreover, the appellant
identified exhibit A4 correctly as fake drugs and gave the following details:

In the blue plastic all are fake stuffs. The one which is supposed to be
heroin is cocoa and the one which is supposed to be Ice don't know what it is.

As the Judge also noted (GD at [65]), the recording officer could not have
known this fact before the HSA’s analysis of the seized exhibits. This
bolsters the overall reliability of the contemporaneous statement and the
admissions made therein. We therefore agree that full weight should be given
to the contemporaneous statement.

105 The appellant’s main defence was that someone had planted the drugs in
question in the wardrobe without his knowledge sometime between 22 June 2016
when he last used the wardrobe and his arrest on 23 June 2016. According to
the appellant’s evidence, four persons entered his room during that period.
They were Juliana, Dino, Dino’s girlfriend Sue and Akay. The evidence from the
forensic examination of the appellant’s mobile phones corroborated broadly the
appellant’s account in so far as it showed that there was communication
between the appellant and the four individuals at various times during those
two days. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROP Vol II, p 589.

106 However, the appellant’s allegation that an unspecified person had planted
the drugs in question was a bare assertion which could not be substantiated.
As the Judge noted, the drugs in question were not concealed but were found
with the other drugs which the appellant admitted possession of in the
unlocked second drawer of the wardrobe.

107 Further, as discussed earlier, the appellant’s action and answers in the
contemporaneous statement showed clearly that he was aware of the presence of
the drugs in question before his arrest. We reiterate here that when the CNB
officer asked the appellant whether he had anything to surrender, he replied
“three” and then used his head to gesture towards the wardrobe and that was
where the three bundles of the drugs in question were found in the drawer.

108 At the trial, the appellant contended that when he said “three”, he was
not referring to exhibits A1, A2 and A3 but was referring to exhibits A4, A5
and A6 which were also found in the same drawer. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 3 August 2018, p 48, lines 4 to 5.

Exhibits A4, A5 and A6 were respectively:

(a) 1 blue plastic bag containing (i) a taped bundle containing 489.8g of
granular substance; and (ii) a packet containing 122.2g of crystalline
substance. No common controlled drug was detected in exhibit A4;

(b) 1 packet weighing 122.0g containing crystalline substance analysed to
contain 80.62g of methamphetamine; and

(c) 1 packet weighing 6.65g containing granular substance analysed to contain
0.26g of diamorphine.

In our view, the appellant’s contention was incredible. Exhibits A1, A2 and A3
were very similar in terms of their gross weight and nett weight of
diamorphine. Each of the bundles of the drugs in question weighed
approximately one pound and each contained amounts of diamorphine which were
above the threshold which attracted capital punishment. In contrast, exhibits
A4, A5 and A6 were disparate items. A4 contained fake drugs, as the appellant
mentioned in the contemporaneous statement. A5 contained methamphetamine and
A6 contained a relatively small amount of diamorphine. In addition, according
to the statement of agreed facts, there were also several items of drugs found
at the bedside table and under the bed containing diamorphine, methamphetamine
or nimetazepam. Why would the appellant single out the bundle of fake drugs
and the other two smaller packets in the drawer when there were drug items
spread around the room? In the context at that point in time, there could be
no doubt that the appellant was singling out the three bundles, exhibits A1,
A2 and A3, when he replied “three” as they were the biggest items of drugs and
which were not broken down into smaller portions yet. Exhibits A1 and A2 were
still wrapped in black tape at that time.

109 In his cautioned statement, the appellant also admitted without
qualification that “the items in my possession is for my own possession and
also to be sold to maintain my own consumption of drugs and my daily living”.
This is entirely consistent with the appellant’s contemporaneous statement. As
we have seen from the medical evidence discussed earlier, there could also be
little doubt as to the reliability of the cautioned statement. Although the
charge at that point in time was worded differently from the charge at the
trial, it still referred to the appellant’s possession of four bundles and 21
packets containing approximately 2,156.26g of substance believed to contain
not less than 15g of diamorphine.

110 The appellant pointed out that his DNA was not found on any of the three
bundles of the drugs in question. He submitted that this suggested that he had
not touched them and lent credence to the assertion that they were not in his
possession. Further, contrary to the appellant’s submissions that unknown
female DNA was detected on the three bundles, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defence’s submissions dated 8 June 2020, paras 67, 78, 99 and 103.

female DNA was found on exhibit A5 only and no DNA was found on the bundles of
the drugs in question. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ROP Vol II, p 136.

111 As we stated in Mui Jia Jun v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 1087 at [62],
there can be many reasons for the absence of a subject’s DNA from an exhibit,
including the degradation of DNA samples by intentional or unintentional
means. Therefore, the absence of the appellant’s DNA on the three bundles of
the drugs in question would only be a neutral factor. The presence of female
DNA on exhibit A5 would suggest that a female was involved in the illegal drug
activities but that alone cannot possibly absolve the appellant.

112 For the above reasons, we are satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the
appellant had possession of all the drugs stated in the charge, including the
three bundles of the drugs in question.

Knowledge of nature of drugs

113 As the Prosecution has proved that the drugs were in the appellant’s
knowing possession, the presumption of knowledge of the nature of the drugs
provided in s 18(2) of the MDA would apply and there was no evidence to rebut
this presumption. However, this presumption is not required in this case as we
are satisfied that the evidence showed beyond reasonable doubt that the
appellant had knowledge of the nature of the drugs in question. The appellant
had identified the three bundles of the drugs in question as heroin in his
contemporaneous statement.

Intention to traffic

114 The Judge noted that the appellant had admitted specifically his intention
to traffic the drugs in question in his contemporaneous statement (GD at
[86]). This was also supported by the drug paraphernalia found in the
appellant’s rented room, namely, the two digital weighing scales which were
stained with diamorphine and methamphetamine and the numerous empty packets
and tape. There was also another electronic weighing scale in the wardrobe
with no drug stain.

115 The appellant stated in his contemporaneous statement that the three
bundles of the drugs in question were for “smoke and sale”. He also indicated
the number of sets that the bundles of drugs could be divided into and the
price that each set could be sold for. The three bundles of drugs in question
weighed about three pounds and contained nearly 50g of diamorphine. Together
with the rest of the drugs stated in the charge, there was a total of 52.75g
of diamorphine. Such a huge amount pointed clearly to the fact that the drugs
were intended for trafficking.

116 Although there was evidence that the appellant would also consume some of
the diamorphine, the Judge found that any such consumption was incidental (GD
at [22]). At the trial, the appellant claimed that he trafficked in only a
non-capital amount of diamorphine. However, he did not know what amount of
diamorphine would attract a capital charge. In the circumstances, the Judge
rejected the appellant’s claim. The Judge also held that the presumption of
trafficking in s 17(c) of the MDA would have been applicable although the
Prosecution did not invoke it. He stated that the presumption was not
necessary on the facts and that the appellant could not have rebutted it in
any case (GD at [89]–[90]).

117 We agree with the Judge’s findings. The burden of proof to establish the
extent of personal consumption of the drugs is on the appellant. It is
incumbent on him to show by credible evidence the rate of personal
consumption. As discussed earlier, his evidence on his rate of consumption was
inconsistent. There was no credible evidence of the rate of consumption.
Further, as stated in his cautioned statement, the drugs were for his own
consumption and “also to be sold to maintain my own consumption of drugs and
my daily living”. His living expenses included renting a room in a
condominium. His evidence at the trial was that selling drugs was his only
source of income. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, 27 February 2019, p 9, lines 7 to 8.

Obviously, this meant that the bulk of the drugs must be for sale and
therefore trafficking. We reiterate here that the three bundles of the drugs
in question contained a sizeable amount of almost 50g of diamorphine. Even if
he consumed half of this lot of drugs, there would still be about 25g meant
for trafficking and a capital offence would still be made out.

Conclusion

118 Accordingly, we agree with the Judge that all the elements of the
trafficking charge were proved beyond reasonable doubt. We also agree that the
appellant could not possibly be a mere courier for the purposes of alternative
sentencing under s 33B of the MDA as he repacked drugs and sold them. The
death sentence is therefore mandatory. The Prosecution has also confirmed that
the appellant would not be issued the certificate of substantive assistance.
We therefore affirm the Judge’s decision and dismiss the appeal.

Sundaresh Menon Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Anand Nalachandran (Forte Law LLC), Lau Kah Hee (BC Lim & Lau LLC) and Koh
Weijin Leon (N S Kang) for the appellant; April Phang and Tan Ee Kuan
(Attorney-General’s Chambers)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 04 Dec 2020 (12:59 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

