Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 94

Suit No 1273 of 2018

Between

| Smoothlink Worldwide Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Regional Marine & Engineering Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Suit No 421 of 2019

Between

| Smoothlink Worldwide Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Regional Marine & Engineering Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Commercial Transactions] — [Sale of goods] — [Breach of contract]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Implied terms]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Inducement]

[Debt and Recovery] — [Counterclaim]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Smoothlink Worldwide Services Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Regional Marine & Engineering Services Pte Ltd and another suit

[2020] SGHC 94

High Court — Suit Nos 1273 of 2018 and 421 of 2019  
Chua Lee Ming J  
9, 10, 15–17 January; 29 January 2020

11 May 2020

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 In each of the two consolidated suits, the plaintiff, Smoothlink Worldwide
Services Pte Ltd, sued the defendant, Regional Marine & Engineering Services
Pte Ltd, for $100,000, being the balance purchase price under a contract for
the sale of a drilling rig by the plaintiff to the defendant. Suit No 1273 of
2018 (“S1273”) concerned a drilling rig called the “Vasu Prem” whilst Suit No
421 of 2019 (“S421”) concerned a drilling rig called the “Virat Prem”.

2 The defendant pleaded misrepresentation and, alternatively, breach of
contract by the plaintiff and counterclaimed for damages of $3,739,260 and
$2,941,260 in S1273 and S421 respectively. The defendant also sought the
return of $280,000 which the defendant claimed to have paid to a third party
on behalf of the plaintiff.

3 I found for the plaintiff and entered judgment for the plaintiff in each
suit in the sum of $100,000 with interest at 5.33% from the date of each writ
to judgment. I dismissed the defendant’s counterclaims. I also ordered the
defendant to pay the plaintiff costs fixed at $75,000 plus disbursements to be
decided by me, if not agreed. The defendant has appealed against my decision.

Background

4 On 1 February 2018, the plaintiff entered into separate agreements with the
liquidators of Mercator Okoro FPU Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary
liquidation) and Mercator Okwok FPU Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary
liquidation) (collectively, “Mercator”) for the purchase of the Vasu Prem and
the Virat Prem at the price of $1.1m each (“the Mercator Agreements”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, at pp 8–23 (“DB 8–23”).

Both rigs were sold on an “as is where is basis”. The plaintiff paid 10% of
the purchase price for each rig; per the Mercator Agreements, the balance of
$990,000 per rig was to be paid within seven banking days after Mercator
tendered Notices of Readiness.

5 The plaintiff’s and the defendant’s representatives met each other on
several occasions. The plaintiff’s director, Mr Mohamed Eunos bin Ahmad
(“Eunos”), the plaintiff’s associate, Mr Mohamed bin Haji Ismail (“Samad”),
and the defendant’s director, Mr Chang Hong Ang (“Ronnie”), met on 2 February
2018 to discuss the use of the defendant’s wharf to scrap the rigs. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 9 January 2020, at 48:16–49:9; Ronnie’s Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), at para 9.

In addition to being a director of the plaintiff, Eunos owned the plaintiff
together with his wife. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Bundle, at pp 594–597 (“AB 594–597”); NE, 9 January 2020, at
13:12–14:17.

6 Another meeting was held on either 6 or 7 February 2018 during which Samad
gave a presentation to the defendant (“the Presentation Meeting”). It was
common ground that this meeting was to discuss a possible collaboration for
the plaintiff to use the defendant’s facilities to recycle the two rigs,
although the plaintiff did not state the date of this meeting in its
pleadings. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence & Counterclaim (“D&CC”) in S1273 and S421, at para 4.2; Reply &
Defence to Counterclaim (“Reply”) in S1273, at para 5b; Reply in S421, at para
8b.

7 There was some uncertainty as to the date of the Presentation Meeting. The
defendant’s case as pleaded was that the presentation took place on 6 February
2018. However, some of the evidence referred to 7 February 2018. In any event,
I did not think that the actual date mattered. What was relevant was what was
said at this meeting.

8 On 8 February 2018, Eunos borrowed $280,000 (“the Loan”) from one Mr
Thangarajoo s/o Innasmuthu (“Rajoo”). It was not disputed that of this amount,
$220,000 was used to make payment of the 10% of the purchase price for both
rigs to Mercator. Eunos and Rajoo signed a Debt Acknowledgement Form dated 8
February 2018. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Eunos’ Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), exh MEBA-1E, at p 33.

In his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), Rajoo said that he gave the
loan at Ronnie’s request. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Rajoo’s AEIC, at para 9.

Ronnie stated in his AEIC that the defendant had “made an arrangement” for
Rajoo to provide the loan. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ronnie’s AEIC, at para 18.

9 On 9 February 2018, the plaintiff and the defendant signed a letter under
which they agreed to share the total profits for works on the Vasu Prem and
the Virat Prem equally (“the 9 February Agreement”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DB 24.

The 9 February Agreement did not set out any other terms.

10 On 12 February 2018, the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s representatives
met at McDonald’s at Beauty World, Singapore (“the McDonald’s Meeting”).
According to the defendant, the plaintiff called for the meeting because he
could not complete the purchase of the two rigs from Mercator and wanted the
defendant to take over the purchase. Eunos disputed this at first 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE, 9 January 2020, at 70:6–13.

but eventually agreed that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the
defendant taking over the purchase of the two rigs from Mercator by waiving
the Loan and paying the plaintiff $250,000. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE, 9 January 2020, at 86:3–87:22.

11 On 23 February 2018, the plaintiff entered into separate agreements with
the defendant to sell the two rigs to the defendant at the price of $1.1m each
(“the Vasu Prem Agreement” or “the Virat Prem Agreement”; collectively, “the
Agreements”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB 1–4.

The Agreements provided that the defendant bought the rigs on an “as in
basis”. However, it was clear that this was a typographical error and that it
was meant to be “as is basis”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Eunos’ AEIC, at para 19.

12 Pursuant to each of the Agreements:

(a) The defendant paid the plaintiff a “first deposit” of $27,500 per rig.

(b) The defendant was required to pay the plaintiff a “second deposit” of
$100,000 per rig within 24 hours from the time the defendant towed the rig to
its premises.

(c) The defendant paid Mercator the balance sum of $990,000 per rig.

13 The following also took place on the same day (ie, 23 February 2018):

(a) The plaintiff, the defendant and Mercator entered into a Deed of Novation
under which the plaintiff was released from the Mercator Agreements and the
defendant agreed to be bound by the Mercator Agreements in place of the
plaintiff. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB 5–7.

Under cl 3 of the Deed of Novation, the sum of $110,000 that had already been
paid by the plaintiff under each of the Mercator Agreements was deemed to have
been paid by the defendant.

(b) Eunos and Rajoo signed a Release Agreement under which Rajoo released and
discharged Eunos from the Loan. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB 8–9.

Clause 2 of the Release Agreement provided that it was to be executed “upon
execution” of the Agreements and the Deed of Novation.

14 By a letter dated 27 February 2018, the defendant conveyed to the plaintiff
that the defendant had been informed by its surveyor that the total weight of
the two rigs was “far below” 22,000 metric tons (“MT”), and that it was
conducting “some survey on the 2 rigs to ascertain the tonnage”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB 10.

15 Pursuant to an agreement dated 26 March 2018, the defendant sold the two
rigs to PT Vasbit Prima Niaga (“PT Vasbit”) for a total sum of $2,750,000
(“the Vasbit Agreement”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DB 25–32.

16 The plaintiff commenced S1273 and S421 in the State Courts on 25 May 2018
and 8 October 2018 respectively. As the defendant’s counterclaims exceeded the
jurisdiction of the State Courts, both cases were subsequently transferred to
the High Court and consolidated.

Plaintiff’s claims

17 It was not disputed that, pursuant to each of the Agreements, the
defendant’s liability to pay the plaintiff the sum of $100,000 had fallen due.
The Agreements described the sum of $100,000 as a “deposit”. The defendant (in
my view, correctly) made no issue of this. It was clear from the Agreements
and the Deed of Novation that that the sum of $100,000 payable under each of
the Agreements was not a deposit but a payment that was due to the plaintiff
upon the defendant having towed the rigs to its premises.

18 The question was whether the defendant could make good its counterclaims
and set off such sums as were sufficient to extinguish the plaintiff’s claims.

Defendant’s counterclaims for misrepresentation

19 The defendant pleaded that the plaintiff had made the following
representations during the Presentation Meeting: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

D&CC in S1273 and S421, at para 4.4.

(a) The Vasu Prem’s tonnage was about 13,600MT and the Virat Prem’s tonnage
was about 11,700MT.

(b) The total tonnage of the two rigs was around 24,000MT.

(c) The minimum tonnage of the two rigs would be no less than 22,000MT.

20 The defendant also pleaded that the plaintiff had made the representations
in (a) and (c) above during the McDonald’s Meeting. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

D&CC in S1273 and S421, at para 4.8.

The defendant pleaded that the above representations were not true and that
tonnage of each of the two rigs was only 4,697MT. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

D&CC in S1273 and S421, at para 8.1.

The plaintiff denied this 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Reply in S1273, at para 9; Reply in S421, at para 12.

and adopted the position that it did not know what the actual weights were.

21 The plaintiff did not dispute that at the Presentation Meeting, its
representative, Samad, gave a presentation to the defendant’s representatives,
during which he wrote on a whiteboard “11,700 TON” in connection with the
Virat Prem, “13,600 TON” in connection with the Vasu Prem and “± 24K TON”. A
photo of what was written on the whiteboard (“the Whiteboard Photo”) confirmed
this. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DB 33–34.

22 The figure “22,000MT” was not written on the whiteboard. However, Ronnie
testified that Eunos and Samad had also assured the defendant that the tonnage
of the two rigs would not be less than 22,000MT. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE, 16 January 2020, at 17:7–10.

Samad gave evidence for the defendant and his evidence supported Ronnie’s.
Eunos’ evidence was that Samad had started with an estimated total weight of
22,000MT for the two rigs and subsequently told the defendant that 10,000MT
“should be the minimum” and that anything more would be a “bonus”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Eunos’ AEIC, at para 30b.

23 I rejected Eunos’ evidence that Samad had told the defendant that the two
rigs had a minimum weight of 10,000MT. This was not the plaintiff’s pleaded
case. In its defences to the counterclaims, the plaintiff had merely pleaded
that it estimated the weight of the two rigs to be about 22,000MT. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Reply in S1273, at para 5d; Reply in S421, at 8f.

24 I accepted the defendant’s evidence that Samad had represented 22,000MT as
the minimum weight of the two rigs. Samad had given the presentation as the
plaintiff’s representative and he confirmed that he had made such a
representation. Further, Samad had already stated the weight of the Vasu Prem
as 13,600MT and that of the Virat Prem as 11,700MT, as evidenced by the
writings on the whiteboard. Together, these two weights totalled 25,300MT. It
did not make sense that he would have referred to 22,000MT as the estimated
total weight. In my view, it was more likely that he had referred to 22,000MT
as the minimum weight of the two rigs. In its closing submissions, the
plaintiff appeared to have tacitly accepted that Samad had represented
22,000MT as the minimum total weight. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Closing Submissions, at paras 14 and 17.

25 Mr Mohamad Rizwan bin Samsudin (“Rizwan”), a Senior Marine Surveyor, gave
evidence for the defendant. Eunos confirmed that the plaintiff initially
wanted to hire Rizwan to carry out a survey of the rigs to ascertain their
weights, but eventually did not do so. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE, 9 January 2020, at 36:10–23.

Rizwan had asked Eunos for information about the rigs during his discussions
with Eunos, and he received the information from Mercator’s broker on 30
January 2018. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, at p 19.

Rizwan testified that based on the information supplied by Mercator’s broker,
the two rigs weighed about 22,000 kips (ie, kilopounds), which, after
conversion, was just below 10,000MT. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Rizwan’s AEIC, at para 6.

In the absence of evidence to the contrary from the plaintiff, I agreed with
the defendant that the representations as to the weight of the rigs, whether
individually or together, were false.

26 The key issue was whether the defendant was induced to enter into the
Agreements by the plaintiff’s representations. I agreed with the plaintiff
that the defendant was not so induced.

27 First, the Agreements provided that the defendant bought the rigs on an “as
is” basis. As stated earlier, the Agreements referred to an “as in” basis but
clearly this was a typographical error. It was not alleged by the defendant
that it had not understood the clause to mean “as is”. In any event, the
Agreements were drafted and the “as is” clause was inserted by the defendant’s
lawyers. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE, 16 January 2020, at 29:12–21; Eunos’ AEIC, at para 43.

Any doubt in this regard would have been resolved against the defendant, in
line with the contra proferentem rule.

28 The plaintiff submitted that the “as is” clause meant that the defendant
had agreed to take the rigs in their then existing condition, including their
weights. The defendant disagreed and submitted that the “as is” clause
referred to the condition of the rigs, excluding their weights.

29 I agreed with the plaintiff. In my view, the defendant’s submission was
illogical. The condition of the rigs naturally included the addition or
removal of any equipment or parts of the rigs. In turn, the addition or
removal of any equipment or parts of the rigs would obviously affect the
weights of the rigs. The existing condition of the rigs therefore had to also
include the weights of the rigs.

30 In my view, Ronnie understood that the “as is” clause meant that the
defendant could not complain about the weights of the rigs. The Vasbit
Agreement stated the weights of the rigs but also provided that PT Vasbit
accepted the rigs on an “as is where is basis”. The weights of the rigs stated
in the Vasbit Agreement (6,206.72MT and 8,759.98MT) were very different from
the weights as stated by the defendant in these proceedings (4,852MT and
4,697MT). Ronnie admitted that the weights as stated in the Vasbit Agreement
were “maybe” wrong. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE, 16 January 2020, at 52:16–53:21.

His explanations for stating the wrong weights in the Vasbit Agreement
vacillated. He first explained that the weights did not matter because PT
Vasbit had checked the weights. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE, 16 January 2020, at 53:22–24.

When asked why PT Vasbit would pay more than it had to, Ronnie claimed that
the sale to PT Vasbit was at a lower price. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 16 January 2020, at 53:28–31.

When further asked to explain the lower price, Ronnie then claimed that the
sale to PT Vasbit was on a lump sum basis and not based on weight. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 16 January 2020, at 53:32–54:22.

I did not accept Ronnie’s explanations; he changed his explanation each time
he could not answer a question about his previous explanation. In my view, it
was more likely that Ronnie did not bother about the weights being stated
wrongly in the Vasbit Agreement because he knew that PT Vasbit could not
subsequently complain about them due to the “as is” clause.

31 Second, the Agreements were silent as to the weight of the rigs. The
defendant’s case was that the weight of the rigs was material and important.
As already mentioned, the Agreements were drafted by the defendant’s lawyers.
Ronnie confirmed that the “as is” clause was inserted in the Agreements on his
instructions. He explained that the omission of any reference to the weight of
the rigs in the Agreements was simply an oversight. I did not accept Ronnie’s
explanation. I found it most unlikely that he would have simply forgotten to
include the weight of the rigs in the Agreements when, according to him, the
weight was important. This was all the more so when he had given express
instructions to include the “as is” clause in the Agreements. Ronnie also
asserted that he did not include the weight of the rigs in the Agreements as
he had trusted Eunos. His explanation, while convenient, was unconvincing. He
had little reason to trust Eunos, whom he had first met only in February 2018.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 16 January 2020, at 6:17–32.

Furthermore, it beggared belief that Ronnie did not extend the Loan of
$280,000 to Eunos directly owing to his lack of familiarity with Eunos, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE, 16 January 2020, at 18:28–19:5 and 19:21–27.

yet trusted Eunos to the extent of omitting the weights of the rigs (which he
had agreed to pay $2.2m in total for) in the Agreements.

32 In my judgment, the defendant had not been induced to enter into the
Agreements by the plaintiff’s representations. The defendant knew it was
agreeing to take the rigs as they were, including whatever their actual
weights were. Further, if the fact that the rigs had a minimum total weight of
22,000MT was as important as the defendant claimed, Ronnie would surely have
instructed the defendant’s lawyers to include that as an express term. His
claim that it was a mere oversight rang hollow.

33 The above findings were sufficient to dispose of the defendant’s
counterclaim for misrepresentation. However, I would add that in any event,
the defendant had not proved its loss. The defendant pleaded that the actual
weight of each of the two rigs was 4,697MT (see [20] above). This was likely
an error because the defendant also pleaded that the actual total weight of
the two rigs was around 9,550MT. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

D&CC in S1273 and S421, at para 8.2.

In his AEIC, Ronnie stated the actual weights of the Vasu Prem and the Virat
Prem as 4,852MT and 4,697MT respectively. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Ronnie’s AEIC, at paras 36 and 38.

These two weights came up to a total of 9,549MT. Ronnie had also stated the
weight of the Virat Prem as 4,497MT 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ronnie’s AEIC, at para 36.

and the Vasu Prem as 5,852MT 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ronnie’s AEIC, at para 38.

but those appeared be typographical errors.

34 However, there was insufficient evidence before me as to what the actual
weight of each rig was. Although the defendant had stated in its letter to the
plaintiff dated 27 February 2018 that it was conducting “some survey on the 2
rigs to ascertain the tonnage”, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB 10.

it did not in fact commission any such survey. Ronnie claimed that the
defendant’s counterclaim was based on what Rizwan had told him. However,
Rizwan testified that the defendant did not engage him although he did inform
. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE, 17 January 2020, at 61:3–7.

Rajoo and Ronnie of the total weight of the two rigs based on his calculations
from the documents he had seen. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE, 17 January 2020, at 61:3–7, 62:23–63:1 and 63:10–64:10.

Rizwan could not recall precisely but believed that he told Rajoo and Ronnie
that the total weight of the two rigs was “11,000-something”. He also
confirmed that the weights of the rigs as stated in the Vasbit Agreement were
not given by him. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 17 January 2020, at 64:11–27.

35 The defendant’s claim for damages was based on the difference between the
weight of each of the rigs as represented by the plaintiff and the actual
weights as alleged by the defendant. However, the defendant clearly had not
discharged its burden to prove the actual weights of the rigs. The defendant
also relied on a market recycle value of $420/MT for a rig of the make of the
Vasu Prem and the Virat Prem in quantifying its claim for damages, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

D&CC in S1273 and S421, at para 9.1.

but did not adduce evidence in support of such a quantification.

Defendant’s counterclaims for breach of contract

36 The defendant pleaded an implied condition in each of the Agreements that
the goods would correspond with their description, pursuant to s 13(1) of the
Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SGA”). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

D&CC in S1273 and S421, at para 11.

The defendant pleaded that the relevant descriptions of the rigs were the
weights of each rig as represented by the plaintiff.

37 Section 13(1) of the SGA provides that “[w]here there is a contract for the
sale of goods by description, there is an implied condition that the goods
will correspond with the description”. Whether there is a sale by description
is a question of construction of the words used to define the goods sold and
the circumstances of the sale: Darwish M K F Al Gobaishi v House of Hung Pte
Ltd [1995] 1 SLR(R) 623 at [82]. The description relied upon must therefore
form part of the contract. In the present case, the Agreements did not state
the weights of the rigs. The defendant did not plead how the representations
formed part of the Agreements. The defendant’s pleaded case could not possibly
succeed.

38 The defendant submitted that a term should be implied in each of the
Agreements that the weight of the two rigs should be no less than 22,000MT. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Closing Submissions, at para 59.

This submission was not open to the defendant because it was never pleaded.

39 In any event, in my view, there was no reason to imply such a term. It
could not be said that the plaintiff and defendant had not contemplated the
issue of the weights of the rigs (whether individually or together) and so
left a gap in the Agreements: see Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd
and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) at
[94]–[95]. The Agreements expressly provided that the purchase of the rigs was
on an “as is” basis. As discussed earlier, this meant taking the rigs in their
existing conditions, including their weights. The weights of the rigs had
therefore been contemplated. Further, such a term could not be implied because
it would contradict an express term of the Agreements (ie, the “as is”
clause): see Sembcorp Marine at [98].

40 I therefore dismissed the defendant’s counterclaims for breach of contract.
I would only add that in any event, for reasons stated earlier, the defendant
did not prove its loss.

Defendant’s counterclaim in respect of the Loan

41 As pleaded, the defendant’s counterclaim was for the return of the $280,000
that was paid by the defendant to a third party on behalf of the plaintiff. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

D&CC in S1273 and S421, at para 19.

The relief prayed for also referred to the $280,000 as monies paid by the
defendant to the third party on the plaintiff’s behalf. There were several
problems with this counterclaim.

42 First, the defendant’s pleadings did not support this counterclaim. The
defendant pleaded that, as part of the agreement between the parties, the
defendant repaid the loan from the third party to the plaintiff’s director. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

D&CC in S1273 and S421, at para 5.

43 Second, Rajoo had signed the Release Agreement that released Eunos from the
Loan. The defendant did not adduce any evidence that it had paid $280,000 to
Rajoo on behalf of Eunos.

44 Third, the evidence showed that the release of the Loan was simply one of
the terms of the agreement for the defendant to purchase the rigs from the
plaintiff. The Release Agreement was signed on the same day as the Agreements
and the Deed of Novation, and expressly provided that it would be signed only
after the Agreements and the Deed of Novation had been signed. The Release
Agreement was also described as being supplemental to the Agreements. In other
words, the release of the Loan was part of the price paid by the defendant for
the purchase of the rigs.

45 It was not surprising that the release of the Loan formed part of the price
paid by the defendant to the plaintiff. The plaintiff had paid Mercator the
sum of $220,000, being 10% of the purchase price of the two rigs under the
Mercator Agreements. Pursuant to the Deed of Novation, this payment of
$220,000 was deemed to have been made by the defendant. Logically, the
defendant would have had to repay the plaintiff this sum of $220,000. The
release of the Loan was a convenient way of repaying the plaintiff this sum.

46 The Loan was for $280,000. Eunos claimed that the Loan included interest
amounting to $60,000. Rajoo and Ronnie both denied this and claimed that Eunos
had said he needed the additional $60,000 to pay legal fees and other
expenses. It was not necessary for me to decide whether the Loan included an
interest component. What was critical was that the Release Agreement clearly
released Eunos from the whole of the Loan.

47 In my view, although each of the Agreements described the purchase price of
each rig as $1.1m, the combined effect of the Agreements, the Deed of Novation
and the Release Agreement was that the defendant had agreed to pay a total
amount of $2,515,000 for the two rigs, comprising the following:

(a) $1,980,000 (ie, $990,000 x 2) which the defendant had to pay Mercator
pursuant to the Deed of Novation;

(b) $280,000 pursuant to the Release Agreement;

(c) $55,000 (ie, $27,500 x 2) that the defendant had already paid to the
plaintiff pursuant to the Agreements; and

(d) $200,000 (ie, $100,000 x 2) that the defendant had to pay to the plaintiff
pursuant to cl 2 of each of the Agreements.

48 Fourth, even assuming that the defendant did repay the Loan on behalf of
the plaintiff’s director (Eunos), there was no basis upon which the plaintiff
could be said to be liable to the defendant. There was nothing pleaded in the
defendant’s counterclaim as to the basis upon which the plaintiff was alleged
to be liable to the defendant in respect of a loan taken by its director in
his personal capacity.

49 In my view, there was no basis at all for this counterclaim and I dismissed
it accordingly.

Conclusion

50 For the reasons set out above, I entered judgment for the plaintiff in each
suit in the sum of $100,000 with interest at 5.33% from the date of each writ
to judgment, and dismissed the defendant’s counterclaims. I ordered the
defendant to pay the plaintiff costs fixed at $75,000 plus disbursements to be
decided by me, if not agreed.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Yasmeen Jamil Marican (Eversheds Harry Elias LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Navinder Singh and Yik Xin Ying (KSCGP Juris LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

