Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 118

Civil Appeal No 25 of 2020

Between

Koh Kim Teck  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Shook Lin & Bok LLP  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 129 of 2019 (Registrar’s
Appeal No 353 of 2019)

Between

Koh Kim Teck  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Shook Lin & Bok LLP  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Insolvency Law] — [Bankruptcy] — [Statutory demand] — [Application to set
aside]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Koh Kim Teck

  
v

  

Shook Lin & Bok LLP

[2020] SGCA 118

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 25 of 2020  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Woo Bih Li J  
26 October 2020

10 December 2020 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The appellant, Mr Koh Kim Teck, appeals against the High Court judge’s
dismissal of his application (“the Application”) to set aside a statutory
demand dated 30 September 2019 (“the SD”) served on him by the respondent,
Shook Lin & Bok LLP. The decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) can be
found in Koh Kim Teck v Shook Lin & Bok LLP [2020] SGHC 86 (“the GD”) and was
made following a similar dismissal of the Application by an Assistant
Registrar (“AR”) in HC/OSB 129/2019 (“OSB 129”).

2 The Application was brought firstly on the basis that the SD was not validly
served. There are two potential dates on which the SD might have been validly
served: 4 October 2019 and 22 October 2019. In the event we find, as the Judge
did below, that the SD was validly served on 4 October 2019, the appellant
seeks the requisite extension of time to bring the Application as it was filed
only on 31 October 2019, ie, more than 14 days after 4 October 2019. The
appellant then contends that the SD should be set aside because the quantum of
the debt is disputed; that he has a cross-demand that exceeds the debt under
the SD; and that there was an implied term which disentitles the respondent
from payment in the present case.

Background facts

The 26 October 2017 invoice

3 A chronology of the relevant events can be found in Annex A. The respondent
acted for the appellant in two suits heard in the High Court (“the
Consolidated Suits”) from May 2013 to 22 January 2018. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Respondent's supplementary core bundle (“SCB”) Vol I(A) at p 33.

The SD is premised on Invoice No 150722, issued by the respondent on 26
October 2017 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Core Bundle (“CB”) Vol II(A) at p 16.

(“the 26 October 2017 invoice”). This invoice was for a sum of $269,066.57,
billed for the work done by the respondent between 18 February 2017 and 31
July 2017. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SCB Vol I(A) at p 49.

However, the debt as stated in the SD was $106,133.52 (inclusive of interest)
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Appellant’s Case at para 3; CB Vol II(A) at p 16; SCB Vol I(B) at p 201.

as an aggregate sum of $176,025.30, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SCB Vol I(B) at p 80.

held on account for the appellant in the respondent’s client account, was set
off against the sum originally claimed under the 26 October 2017 invoice at
the time it was issued.

4 The parties spoke about the 26 October 2017 invoice over the phone on 11
December 2017, during which the appellant sought a discount of 50%. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SCB Vol I(A) at p 134.

Over lunch on 3 January 2018, the respondent informed the appellant that if he
disputed any part of the 26 October 2017 invoice, he was entitled to approach
the court to have this taxed. The appellant stated that he would have to
consider whether to continue to engage the respondent to act for him. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SCB Vol I(A) at pp 49 and 50.

The respondent sent a follow-up electronic mail (“email”) on 9 January 2018,
and again on 17 January 2018, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SCB Vol I(A) at pp 291 and 295.

seeking the appellant’s confirmation as to whether he intended to continue
engaging the respondent. On 19 January 2018, the appellant confirmed that he
wished to continue doing so but the respondent inquired about payment of the
26 October 2017 invoice. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SCB Vol I(A) at pp 293 and 294.

On 22 January 2018, the respondent was informed by Optimus Chambers LLC
(“Optimus Chambers”) that it had been instructed to take over the continuing
trial of the Consolidated Suits. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SCB Vol I(A) at p 51.

5 On 27 March 2018, the respondent wrote to Optimus Chambers, enclosing the 26
October 2017 invoice and another invoice, ie, Invoice No 152152 dated 13 March
2018 (“the 13 March 2018 invoice”) for work done in the Consolidated Suits
between 1 August 2017 to 22 January 2018. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SCB Vol I(B) at pp 4, 6 and 19.

The respondent informed Optimus Chambers that it would be setting off the sum
of $176,008.04 held on account for the appellant against the unpaid invoices.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SCB Vol I(B) at p 4.

According to the respondent, Optimus Chambers suggested that the respondent
speak to the appellant personally, and the respondent did so on 23 April 2018,
informing the appellant that if he disputed any of the unpaid invoices, he was
entitled to apply to the court to tax those invoices. On the other hand, the
appellant suggested that the respondent communicate with Optimus Chambers. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SCB Vol I(A) at p 52.

On 7 September 2018, the respondent again wrote to Optimus Chambers to state
that the sum of $176,008.04 had been set off against the “total amount owing
to [the respondent]”. The respondent reiterated that the appellant was
entitled to proceed to taxation if he disputed any part of its professional
charges. At that time, no distinction was drawn between the two invoices for
the purpose of set-off. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SCB Vol I(B) at pp 30 and 31.

Statutory demands and service

6 The respondent then issued three statutory demands in relation to the 26
October 2017 invoice. First, the respondent wrote to Optimus Chambers on 29
November 2018 enclosing a statutory demand also dated 29 November 2018 for the
full amount claimed under the 26 October 2017 invoice and enquired if Optimus
Chambers had instructions to accept service of that statutory demand on the
appellant’s behalf (GD at [4]). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SCB Vol I(B) at pp 56-61.

This was because the set-off previously mentioned by the respondent had been
effected against the sum claimed under the 13 March 2018 invoice. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Respondent’s Case at para 107.

At that time, the appellant had not yet pursued taxation of either invoice.

7 On 15 January 2019, the appellant filed HC/OS 67/2019 (“OS 67/19”) seeking
an order for taxation in respect of the 13 March 2018 invoice, as well as
leave to seek an order for taxation in respect of the 26 October 2017 invoice
given that the application was not made within the 12-month period prescribed
by s 122 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”). We note
that for the 26 October 2017 invoice, the appellant did not require leave for
an order for taxation so long as he satisfied the requirement of special
circumstances under s 122 of the LPA. In the supporting affidavit filed for OS
67/19, the appellant stated that he had informed the respondent that there was
no reason for it to have issued a statutory demand since the invoices were
disputed and he was willing to have them taxed. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol III(A) p 14.

No further steps were taken in respect of the statutory demand dated 29
November 2018.

8 Aedit Abdullah J, who heard OS 67/19, granted the order for taxation of the
13 March 2018 invoice but dismissed the application in relation to the 26
October 2017 invoice. No appeal was filed by the appellant against Abdullah
J’s decision. Cairnhill Law LLC (“Cairnhill Law”), his current solicitors,
were appointed in relation to the taxation proceedings on 20 August 2019 (see
GD at [7]). The bill of costs for the 13 March 2018 invoice has since been
taxed by an AR. According to the respondent, aside from Section 2 costs,
12.38% of the bill of costs relating to the 13 March 2018 invoice was taxed
off. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Respondent’s Case at para 28.

The appellant’s application for review of the taxation was dismissed by
Abdullah J on 19 October 2020. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Correspondence from the Court HC/BC 95/2019 dated 19 October 2020.

9 Subsequently, a fresh statutory demand dated 10 May 2019 was issued by the
respondent on the basis of the 26 October 2017 invoice. This was sent by
registered post to a unit at 72 Bayshore Road, Costa Del Sol, Singapore 469988
(“the Bayshore Road property”). This address was referred to by the parties
and the Judge as the appellant’s “last known address”. This statutory demand
was returned uncollected. Thereafter, on 26 July 2019, the respondent
attempted substituted service on the appellant by sending an email to him and
LVM Law Chambers LLC, who were the appellant’s solicitors in the appeal
against the decision in the Consolidated Suits (“the 26 July 2019 email”)
which was given on 7 August 2018. LVM Law Chambers LLC went on record as the
appellant’s solicitors in the appeal on 6 June 2019. The respondent had
previously communicated with the appellant at the email address used. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Respondent’s Case at para 61.

No reply was received from the appellant and no further step was taken by the
respondent in relation to this statutory demand.

10 The SD in the present appeal is dated 30 September 2019. It is for a net
sum of $106,133.52 as by then the respondent had set off an aggregate sum of
$176,025.30 from the original sum of $269,066.57 in the 26 October 2017
invoice instead of setting it off against the 13 March 2018 invoice. The net
sum includes interest under para 5 of the Legal Profession (Solicitors’
Remuneration) Order (Cap 161, O 1, 2010 Rev Ed). The other invoice, ie, the 13
March 2018 invoice, was being taxed at that time. The respondent had asked
Cairnhill Law on 18 September 2019 if it had instructions to accept personal
service of process on behalf of the appellant, but apparently received no
reply. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Respondent’s Case at para 49; SCB Vol I(B) at pp 82 and 129.

The respondent then attempted to serve the SD on the appellant in the
following ways:

(a) On 30 September 2019 and 1 October 2019, the respondent’s clerk attempted
personal service at the Bayshore Road property, but on each occasion the door
was locked. At the time these attempts were made, the respondent was aware
that the appellant no longer owned the Bayshore Road property, which was
instead owned by a third party. In contrast, the appellant had been the owner
of the Bayshore Road property in March 2019, although a title search then had
shown that the third party had already lodged a caveat as a purchaser. An
Enhanced Individual Search on the appellant conducted on 29 October 2019 did
not reveal any details of the appellant’s residential address. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SCB Vol I(B) at pp 139 to 141.

The appellant accepts that two unsuccessful attempts had been made at personal
service. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s Case at para 9.

(b) Subsequently, on 4 October 2019, the respondent placed an advertisement
(“the Advertisement”) in the Straits Times of a notice of the SD. The notice
referred specifically to r 96(4)(d) of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R1, 2006
Rev Ed) (“BR”), the 26 October 2017 invoice, and the sum of $106,133.52. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

CB Vol II(A) at p 36.

(c) A copy of the notice advertised was also sent to Cairnhill Law by email on
4 October 2019 at 12.03pm (“the 4 October 2019 email”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SCB Vol I(B) at p 137.

On 22 October 2019, Mr Ashok Kumar (“Mr Kumar”) from Cairnhill Law replied to
the email. He referred to the notice of statutory demand and requested
documents such as a breakdown of the time spent by the respondent’s solicitors
“which was the subject of all the invoices” issued by the respondent to the
appellant. The respondent declined to provide a breakdown and sent Mr Kumar a
copy of the SD on the same day. Subsequently, on 23 October 2019, Mr Kumar
stated that Cairnhill Law did not, at that time, have instructions to accept
service of the SD and that his email of 22 October 2019 should not be
construed otherwise. On that same day, he reiterated that Cairnhill Law did
not appear on the record for the appellant in any proceeding relating to the
SD. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SCB Vol I(B) at pp 133-137.

11 A bankruptcy application (HC/B 2786/2019 (“B 2786”)) was filed by the
respondent on 29 October 2019 on the basis of the SD. Copies of the cause
papers were sent to Cairnhill Law. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s Case at para 7.

The appellant filed OSB 129 on 31 October 2019 to set aside the SD. Before the
AR, the respondent argued that the Advertisement was the only way to bring the
SD to the appellant’s attention, aside from “the most obvious manner of
service on the [appellant’s] solicitors”. The respondent also emphasised that
a copy of the Advertisement had been immediately sent to Cairnhill Law on the
same day and noted that the Advertisement was again referred to in the email
to Cairnhill Law sent on 22 October 2019, which also attached a copy of the
entire SD. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROA Vol IV at pp 34-36.

The AR held that there was good service of the SD and that the Application was
unmeritorious, and dismissed it accordingly. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROA Vol IV at pp 87 and 88.

Decision below

12 Before the Judge, the appellant contended that the SD should be set aside
for the reasons mentioned in [2] above (except that the argument on the
implied term was only raised on appeal).

Whether there was valid service

13 The Judge held that the Advertisement and the 4 October 2019 email, whether
individually or collectively, constituted valid service (GD at [24] and [52]).
The Judge was of the view that r 96(4)(c) of the BR was inapplicable in the
present case since the respondent had the appellant’s last known address, ie,
the Bayshore Road property. However, this did not prevent the respondent from
effecting valid service on the appellant by way of the Advertisement and/or
the 4 October email under r 96(4)(d) of the BR (GD at [24]).

14 The Judge was of the view that the underlying purpose of the service regime
under the BR is to provide the practical means for a creditor to effectually
bring a statutory demand to a debtor’s attention and that the limbs of r 96(4)
of the BR are not mutually exclusive. Where a creditor is unable to meet the
requirements under r 96(4)(c) of the BR, the statutory regime enables it to
effect substituted service under r 96(4)(d) of the BR. This is consistent with
the plain wording of r 96(4)(d) of the BR which does not require that the
modes of service under the other limbs be unavailable to the creditor and
which allows for service by such other mode as the court would order,
including a mode of substituted service by advertisement which does not fall
within r 96(4)(c) of the BR (GD at [24]–[26], [28] and [37]). While the Judge
agreed with the holding in Wong Kwei Cheong v ABN-AMRO Bank NV [2002] 2 SLR(R)
31 (“Wong Kwei Cheong”) that the statutory demand itself, and not a notice
thereof, must be advertised under r 96(4)(c) of the BR, it did not follow that
service by way of advertisement is exclusively governed by that provision, and
no authority was cited by the appellant in support of such exclusivity (GD at
[29] and [30]). Similarly, under O 62 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), the court may order that substituted service be effected
by advertising a notice that an action has been commenced against the
defendant, and the same ought to apply to r 96(4)(d) of the BR (GD at [31]).

15 In the Judge’s view, the ultimate question was whether the court was
satisfied that the mode of substituted service employed by a creditor was
sufficient on the facts before it and whether it amounted to a reasonable step
to bring notice of the statutory demand to the debtor’s attention effectively.
In the present case, the respondent had taken all reasonable steps to bring
the SD to the appellant’s attention and utilised a mode of substituted service
the court would have ordered in the circumstances. Accordingly, the
Advertisement constituted valid service under r 96(4)(d) BR (GD at [31]–[34]).

16 The Judge further accepted that the 4 October 2019 email to Cairnhill Law
constituted valid service whether on its own or taken together with the
Advertisement. Sending a notice of the SD by email to the appellant’s
solicitors was effectual in bringing the SD to his notice as the solicitors
had been acting for the appellant in the ongoing taxation proceedings for the
13 March 2018 invoice. It was entirely reasonable for the respondent to
presume that the 4 October 2019 email would be effective in bringing the SD to
the appellant’s attention. The appellant’s solicitors in fact confirmed that
the appellant had notice of the SD at around the time the 4 October 2019 email
was sent (GD at [35]). While the appellant referred to para 33(6) of the
Supreme Court Practice Directions (“Supreme Court PD”) (see [46] below),
neither this nor O 62 r 5(4) ROC exhaustively set out the requirements of
substituted service by way of email (GD at [36]). The requirements for valid
service are circumscribed by pragmatism and not by an overtly rigid and
technical approach (GD at [37], citing Re Ramaschayana Sulistyo (alias Chang
Whe Ming), ex parte The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd and other
appeals [2005] 1 SLR(R) 483 (“Sulistyo”) at [10] and [21]).

Extension of time

17 Given the Judge’s finding that substituted service was validly effected on
4 October 2019, the Application (to set aside the SD) was made out of time. It
ought to have been made within 14 days from the date of service of the SD on 4
October 2019, ie, by 18 October 2019 (r 97(1)(a) of the BR). Instead, it was
filed on 31 October 2019. The Judge did not make a clear finding on whether an
extension of time should be granted, instead considering that this question
was “ultimately rendered moot” by his conclusion that the application to set
aside the SD was without merit (GD at [55]) (see [18] below). Nevertheless,
the Judge observed that the delay of almost two weeks was not insubstantial
and that the appellant did not give any reasons for it. It appeared that the
appellant had made a deliberate and tactical decision to wait until B 2786 had
been filed before taking any action (GD at [35] and [55]).

18 Aside from finding that there had been valid service of the SD, the Judge
also rejected the other grounds on which the appellant sought to set aside the
SD. Specifically, the Judge held that taxation is the exclusive judicial
recourse available to any challenge over the quantum of the defendant’s fees
(following Kosui Singapore Pte Ltd v Thangavelu [2015] 5 SLR 722 (“Kosui”) at
[56]–[57]). The appellant did not file an appeal against the court’s decision
in OS 67/19 that he was not entitled to an order for taxation for the 26
October 2017 invoice, and that was the end of the matter in relation to
whether the 26 October 2017 invoice could be challenged. The appellant’s
arguments were a blatant attempt to circumvent the order of Abdullah J in OS
67/19 (GD at [44]). There was also no valid or genuine cross-demand equivalent
to or exceeding the debt arising from the setting-off of deposits held by the
respondent against the sum invoiced. While the explanation that there had been
a telephone conversation in which Optimus Chambers agreed that the respondent
was to utilise the funds held as part payment of the 26 October 2017 invoice
had not been given on affidavit, there was no reason to disregard or
disbelieve the explanation (GD at [42] and [51]).

Parties’ submissions on appeal

The appellant’s submissions

19 First, the appellant seeks to set aside the SD pursuant to r 98(2)(e) of
the BR, under which the court shall set aside a statutory demand if it is
satisfied it ought to be set aside. In this regard, the appellant argues that
there has not been valid service of the SD. The appellant argues that the
Advertisement was not good service since advertising in the newspapers is only
allowed under r 96(4)(c) of the BR when the modes prescribed in r 96(4)(a) and
r 96(4)(b) are unavailable due to the creditor’s ignorance of the debtor’s
last known address. The Judge erred in considering that the Advertisement was
valid service under r 96(4)(d) of the BR since this interpretation rendered r
96(4)(c) otiose, which could not have been the intention of the Rules
Committee. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 31 and 32.

Further, as was held in Wong Kwei Cheong ([14] supra), r 96(4)(c) of the BR
requires that the SD itself (as opposed to a notice of the SD) must be
advertised. The Judge’s analogy from the advertisement of a notice of
commencement of a court action (see O 62 r 5 ROC and Form 138(e)) was
erroneous since the court would first need to be persuaded that Form 138(e) is
the appropriate form of the advertisement and it is conceivable that the court
may order the full statement of claim to be reproduced. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 34 to 37; Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 5.

20 The 4 October 2019 email and 22 October 2019 email also would not have been
a mode of service that the court would have ordered (see r 96(4)(d) of the
BR). Guidance can be taken from para 33(6) of the Supreme Court PD, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab P.

pursuant to which the email account must belong to the person to be served.
Cairnhill Law also made clear on 23 October 2019 that it still did not have
instructions to accept service of the SD. It would have been obvious that the
emails might not have been brought to the personal attention of the appellant
and therefore that it would not have been an acceptable mode of substituted
service. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 40 to 44.

Even if the Advertisement and emails were considered collectively, there would
still not be valid service. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Appellant’s Case at para 38.

21 If the court finds that valid service had been effected on 4 October 2019,
the appellant submits that an extension of time should be granted for the
Application to be brought because it was only late by 12 working days and the
respondent would therefore not be prejudiced by the extension. As the court
held in Liew Kai Lung Karl v Ching Chiat Kwong [2015] 3 SLR 1204 (“Liew Kai
Lung Karl”) at [6], the threshold to grant an application for an extension of
time for a debtor to apply to set aside a statutory demand is “not a
particularly high one”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Appellant’s Bundle of Authorities Tab I.

Further, he claims he has strong grounds for setting aside the application. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 19 to 22.

Specifically, aside from the arguments on service, the appellant also
contended that:

(a) There are triable issues relating to the quantum of the debt and so the SD
should be set aside pursuant to r 98(2)(b) of the BR. In particular, the
appellant contends that his failure to seek taxation of the 26 October 2017
invoice within 12 months of that invoice, as required under s 122 of the LPA,
does not preclude him from disputing the quantum of that invoice. He relies on
the decision in Turner & Co (a firm) v O Paloma SA [2000] 1 WLR 37 (“Turner”).

(b) The appellant has a valid cross-demand of $176,025.30 (the amount set off
against the 26 October 2017 invoice) that exceeds the debt claimed under the
SD and the SD should be set aside pursuant to r 98(2)(a) of the BR.

(c) The respondent is not entitled to payment due to its failure to comply
with an implied term in the Letter of Engagement between the parties to
provide a breakdown of time costs for the 26 October 2017 invoice.

The respondent’s submissions

22 The respondent contends that the Judge was correct to find that there had
been valid service. The principle underlying the requirements on service of a
statutory demand is that a creditor should take all reasonable steps to bring
it to the attention of the debtor (see r 96(1) of the BR), and the
“philosophy” is one of “pragmatism and substantial justice” (Sulistyo ([16]
supra) at [26]–[27]). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Respondent’s skeletal arguments at paras 13 and 14.

The appellant in the present case had not spared any attempt to evade service
including unreasonably choosing not to instruct Cairnhill Law, his solicitors
in HC/BC 95/2019 (“BC 95”), the taxation proceedings in respect of the 13
March 2018 invoice, to accept service of the SD on his behalf.

23 The appellant had many opportunities to accept service of the SD: (a) the
respondent had enquired with Cairnhill Law as to whether it had instructions
to accept service on 18 September 2018; (b) made two attempts at personal
service; (c) placed the Advertisement of a notice of the SD and sent a copy of
the notice to Cairnhill Law on 4 October 2019, following which Cairnhill Law
wrote to the respondent referring to the Advertisement and requesting
documents relating to the 26 October 2017 invoice; and (d) provided a copy of
the entire SD to Cairnhill Law subsequently on 22 October 2017. The appellant
made the tactical decision not to apply to set aside the SD until B 2786 had
been filed. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Respondent’s skeletal arguments at paras 17 to 21.

A previous statutory demand arising from the same invoice had also been sent
to the appellant’s email address as well as by registered post to the last
known address (although the letter was returned).

24 The Judge was correct in holding that advertising a notice of the demand
was sufficient. The respondent had been relying on r 96(4)(d) and not r
96(4)(c) of the BR and the requirements set out in the latter provision were
inapplicable. However, the respondent also submits that Wong Kwei Cheong ([14]
supra) was wrong to conclude that the entire SD had to be advertised under r
96(4)(c) of the BR, and that the publication of a notice of the SD was
sufficient to make the SD known publicly. It contends that in practice,
creditors have routinely sought to use r 96(4)(d) of the BR to publish notices
of statutory demands, which is a sensible and pragmatic approach. Requiring
the entire demand to be published under r 96(4)(c) of the BR but not under r
96(4)(d) of the BR would be incongruous and may render r 96(4)(c) otiose. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 73 to 77.

Further, even though Cairnhill Law did not have authority to accept service on
the appellant’s behalf, on the facts, sending a notice of the SD in the 4
October 2019 email to Cairnhill Law did bring it to the appellant’s attention.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Case at para 71.

25 The respondent submits that an extension of time ought not to be granted
because the appellant had been well aware of the SD, and his counsel had
conceded that it was a tactical decision not to file the application to set
aside the SD until after B 2786, ie, the bankruptcy application, had been
filed. This conduct should not be allowed since it would render r 97(1) of the
BR entirely otiose. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 78 to 85.

26 The SD should not be set aside because the appellant is not entitled to
dispute the debt though a backdoor attempt to tax the 26 October 2017 invoice.
The respondent reiterates the Judge’s conclusion that taxation is the only
judicial process to assess the fees a solicitor may charge his client and this
avenue has been exhausted by the appellant. The respondent distinguishes
Turner since in that case there had not been an earlier (unsuccessful)
application for taxation. In any event, the respondent urges the court not to
follow Turner in the light of the express provisions of the LPA, and because
doing so would obviate the protection afforded in s 122 of the LPA to
solicitors. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 91 to 103.

There is also no valid cross-demand since the appellant’s then solicitors,
Optimus Chambers, had requested the respondent to apply the funds held by the
respondent against the 26 October 2017 invoice to reduce the amount of
interest. No loss had been suffered by the appellant from the set-off, which
in fact benefitted him by reducing the interest payable. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 104 to 109.

Finally, there was no implied term requiring the respondent to provide a
breakdown of time costs. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 110 to 119.

Issues to be considered

27 The main questions in this appeal are:

(a) First, whether there had been valid service of the SD. Specifically, the
issue is whether the Advertisement (placed by the respondent in the Straits
Times on 4 October 2019) and/or the email sent to Cairnhill Law on 4 October
2019 constituted valid service (“Issue 1”).

(b) Second, if it is held that the SD was validly served on 4 October 2019,
whether an extension of time ought to be granted to the appellant to bring the
Application (“Issue 2”). In determining this issue, we also consider whether
there is any ground on which the SD should be set aside.

28 We turn now to address each of these questions in turn.

Issue 1: Whether there was valid service

29 Rule 96 of the BR provides that:

Requirements as to service

96.—(1) The creditor shall take all reasonable steps to bring the statutory
demand to the debtor’s attention.

(2) The creditor shall make reasonable attempts to effect personal service of
the statutory demand.

(3) Where the creditor is not able to effect personal service, the demand may
be served by such other means as would be most effective in bringing the
demand to the notice of the debtor.

(4) Substituted service under paragraph (3) may be effected in the following
manner:

(a) by posting the statutory demand at the door or some other conspicuous part
of the last known place of residence or business of the debtor or both;

(b) by forwarding the statutory demand to the debtor by prepaid registered
post to the last known place of residence, business or employment of the
debtor;

(c) where the creditor is unable to effect substituted service in accordance
with sub-paragraph (a) or (b) by reason that he has no knowledge of the last
known place of residence, business or employment of the debtor, by
advertisement of the statutory demand in one or more local newspapers, in
which case the time limited for compliance with the demand shall run from the
date of the publication of the advertisement; or

(d) such other mode which the court would have ordered in an application for
substituted service of an originating summons in the circumstances.

…

(6) A creditor shall not resort to substituted service of a statutory demand
on a debtor unless —

(a) the creditor has taken all such steps which would suffice to justify the
court making an order for substituted service of a bankruptcy application; and

(b) the mode of substituted service would have been such that the court would
have ordered in the circumstances.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

30 As we indicated above, on 4 October 2019, the respondent placed the
Advertisement in the Straits Times with a notice of the SD. We note at the
outset that the Advertisement stated that notice was being given under r
96(4)(d) of the BR and not r 96(4)(c). The Judge took the view that the latter
provision was inapplicable in the present case as the respondent “did have
[the appellant’s] last known address” (GD at [24]). This appeared to be the
position of both parties as well. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Appellant’s Case at para 29; Respondent’s Case at para 65.

The arguments made on r 96(4)(c) of the BR were therefore focused on the
question as to whether the respondent can rely on r 96(4)(d) in advertising a
notice of the SD. We begin by examining the correct interpretation of r
96(4)(c) of the BR.

Whether the respondent could have relied on r 96(4)(c)

31 Rule 96(4)(c) of the BR allows for substituted service by “advertisement of
the statutory demand in one or more local newspapers”, subject to the creditor
being unable to effect substituted service by the means provided in r 96(4)(a)
and r 96(4)(b) of the BR by reason that he does not have knowledge of the last
known place of residence, business or employment of the debtor (for
convenience, “last known address”). Two questions arise: (a) when a creditor
should be considered to have no knowledge of the debtor’s last known address;
and (b) what an “advertisement of the statutory demand” entails.

Last known address

32 The first question is what knowledge of the debtor’s last known address
entails. In particular, where a creditor once knew of the debtor’s residence,
business or place of employment, the question is whether he should be
considered as having knowledge of the debtor’s last known address even if he
knows, or has good reason to believe, that the debtor no longer lives, carries
out business, or works there.

33 We note that at [13] of Wong Kwei Cheong ([14] supra), S Rajendran J said
that “even if [the debtor] was in fact no longer residing at that address, it
would not detract from the fact that that was the last known place of
residence of [the debtor] in so far as the [creditor] was concerned”. In so
holding, Rajendran J also stated that the fact the debtor was not the
registered owner of the premises did not indicate in any way that he was not
resident at the premises. However, in context, that might have been because
the registered owner in that case was a company (see Wong Kwei Cheong at [9])
and the company might have been owned by the debtor or the debtor could have
been residing there pursuant to a licence or lease conferred by the company.
For completeness, while Wong Kwei Cheong considered an earlier version of the
BR, specifically, the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R1, 1996 Rev Ed), r 96(4) was
identical in both versions and we therefore do not distinguish between them in
this judgment.

34 The last known address should be interpreted to mean the last address at
which the person is known or believed to be located or residing at. Any other
previous address would be knowledge of a fact of historic interest that has
nothing to do with the purpose of the provisions on service in the BR, which
is to bring the statutory demand to the notice of the debtor, as we explain
below.

35 Further, r 96(4)(c) reflects a legislative choice to prefer the methods of
service provided for in rr 96(4)(a) and 96(4)(b) over substituted service by
means of advertisement. This preference would be contrary to the purpose of
the service requirements and the creditor’s obligation to take all reasonable
steps to bring the statutory demand to the debtor’s attention (see r 96(1) of
the BR) if the reference to the debtor’s last known address is fulfilled
simply by virtue of the fact that he knows of a previous address even though
the debtor no longer resides there. Therefore, in our view, the reference to
the last known address in r 96 must be to an address which is still believed
to be applicable. If that address is known or believed no longer to be
applicable, then it ceases to be the last known address for the purpose of r
96.

36 In the present case, the respondent had learnt from a title search of the
Bayshore Road property done on 5 September 2019 that the property had been
transferred from the appellant to a third-party purchaser. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SCB Vol I(B) at p 141.

This transfer was not in dispute. The ordinary inference is that the appellant
no longer resides there and there was nothing to rebut that inference. Indeed,
the appellant does not say that he continued to reside there. Therefore, the
Bayshore Road property had ceased to be the last known address of the
appellant and, in the absence of any other known address, the respondent would
not have been able to rely on rr 96(4)(a) or 96(4)(b). Hence, contrary to what
the respondent and the Judge had thought, the respondent could have relied on
r 96(4)(c) to effect service by advertisement in a local newspaper.

Requirement of advertisement

37 The next question is what “advertisement of the statutory demand” in r
96(4)(c) means. This could mean either that: (a) the statutory demand itself
must be advertised or (b) that a notice of the statutory demand may be
advertised. In our view, the former is not mandatory and the latter would be
in keeping with the purpose of the provisions on service.

38 In interpreting r 96(4)(c) of the BR, regard must be had to the purpose of
the provisions on service. The Judge held that the overarching intention or
purpose underlying the service requirements is to provide the practical means
for the creditor to bring effective notice of the statutory demand to the
debtor (at [25] and [37]). We agree: this is reflected in the provisions of r
96 of the BR. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Appellant’s Bundle of Authorities Tab A.

The overarching rules for service are set out in r 96(1) and r 96(3) of the
BR. The former states that the creditor shall take all reasonable steps to
bring the statutory demand to the debtor’s attention. The latter states that
where the creditor is not able to effect personal service, the demand may be
served by “such other means as would be most effective in bringing the demand
to the notice of the debtor”. The mode of substituted service must also be one
that the court would have ordered in the circumstances (r 96(6)(b) of the BR).
In this connection, reference may be had to para 33(1) of the Supreme Court
PD, which provides that in an application for substituted service, the
applicant should persuade the court that the proposed method of substituted
service will probably be effectual in bringing the document in question to the
notice of the person to be served. Indeed, r 108(3)(b) of the BR expressly
requires that a bankruptcy application be accompanied by a supporting
affidavit stating the means whereby, if the statutory demand had been served
other than by personal service, the creditor sought to bring the demand to the
debtor’s attention and explain why such means would have best ensured that the
demand would be brought to the debtor’s attention.

39 These provisions underscore the court’s observation in Sulistyo ([16]
supra) at [21] that the essence of the service requirements under the BR is to
ensure that the statutory demand, bankruptcy application and other relevant
processes are brought to the personal attention of the debtor prior to the
hearing of the application. This is particularly so given the serious
consequences that a bankruptcy order, if granted, may have for a debtor.

40 Wong Kwei Cheong ([14] supra), on its face, may be taken as suggesting a
restrictive view of the “advertisement” requirement. In that case, Rajendran J
held that the creditor bank could not rely on r 96(4)(c) to effect substituted
service by advertising the statutory demand in a newspaper since it knew what
Rajendran J considered to be the last known address of the debtor. Since the
bank knew that a firm of solicitors, M/s Wee Tay & Lim, was acting for the
debtor, the bank should have tried to communicate the statutory demand to the
debtor through M/s Wee Tay & Lim (at [12]–[14]). However, even if the bank
could rely on r 96(4)(c), that provision required the bank to advertise the
statutory demand and not a notice of it. In this regard, Rajendran J said that
(at [15]):

… if a creditor wants to take advantage of the provisions in the [BR] relating
to substituted service, that creditor would have to comply with the procedures
specified. The [BR] did not authorise the creditor to vary the procedure laid
down on the grounds of costs or on any other grounds. In this case the bank,
by advertising a notice of the statutory demand and not the statutory demand
itself, had not complied with r 96(4)(c) of the [BR].

[emphasis added]

41 Rajendran J further held that non-compliance with r 96 should not be
treated as an irregularity or a formal defect which can be cured under s
158(1) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) because the peremptory
language in the BR was clear indication that the intention was to make
compliance with the rules relating to service mandatory (at [18]). As such,
the defect in the service of the statutory demand could not be cured under s
158(1) of the Bankruptcy Act and the statutory demand had to be set aside (at
[20]).

42 On its face, the remarks made in Wong Kwei Cheong on r 96(4)(c) are
suggestive of a stringent and technical approach towards the requirements set
out in that provision. However, in the later case of United Overseas Bank Ltd
v Ishak bin Ismail [2003] 3 SLR(R) 302 at [9], Rajendran J stated that Wong
Kwei Cheong had been decided on the basis that there had been a more effective
and appropriate way to effect service which the creditors had ignored. It was
for this reason that the creditors were not entitled to rely on service by
advertisement. Rajendran J further clarified that where there are clearly
better modes of service other than those enumerated in r 96(4)(a) to (c) BR,
the pre-requisite of two attempts at personal service does not absolve
creditors from exploring those avenues. This is consistent with the underlying
purpose we have identified above.

43 In our view, the literal meaning of “advertisement of the statutory demand”
in r 96(4)(c) BR is that the statutory demand itself must be included in the
advertisement. However, a possible interpretation, consistent with the
language of the provision, is that it suffices if the advertisement is
sufficient to bring the demand to the attention of the debtor. This latter
interpretation accords with the purpose of the provision. There is no
meaningful difference between the advertisement of a statutory demand itself
or of a notice thereof. The latter is adequate if it contains the material
information such as the name of the creditor, the date of the invoice or the
nature of the claim, and the amount that is allegedly owing together with
information as to who the debtor may contact if he wishes to obtain the
statutory demand. To insist that a creditor must advertise the statutory
demand itself is to require him to incur more costs with no apparent benefit
to either the creditor or the debtor. In --------The Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corp Ltd v Rasmachayana Sulistyo alias Chang Whe Ming [2004] SGHC 87
at [11] and [12], an AR held that a purposive interpretation of r 96(4)(c)
supports the conclusion that the advertisement of the notice of a statutory
demand can constitute an “advertisement of the statutory demand”. We agree.
Accordingly, we hold that advertisement of a notice of a statutory demand can
be sufficient to comply with r 96(4)(c) so long as the material information is
stated therein.

44 In the present case, the advertised notice indicated that the SD was issued
pursuant to a claim for “S$106,133.52 as at 30 September 2019 being the amount
due and owing by [the appellant] pursuant to the [respondent’s 26 October 2017
invoice]”. The notice stated the amount of debt that accrued as at the date of
the demand, as would have been done if the statutory demand itself had been
advertised. The notice also referred to the possibility of a bankruptcy
application being filed if the debt were not paid, secured or compounded
within 21 days of the notice and stated that an application to set aside must
be made within 14 days from the date of the notice. It further provided the
respondent’s address and indicated that the SD could be obtained from the
respondent’s office. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

CB Vol II(A) at p 36.

The material information had been stated in the advertised notice. Indeed, the
appellant does not contend that the notice contained inadequate or incorrect
information. Instead, he relies on the technical argument that the
advertisement must be of the SD and not a notice of that demand.

Whether there was valid service under r 96(4)(d)

45 The effect of our reasoning above is that the respondent could have relied
upon r 96(4)(c). Nevertheless, there was valid service in the present
circumstances under r 96(4)(d) given that the respondent had, in addition to
advertising the notice in the Straits Times, also sent a copy of the notice to
Cairnhill Law on 4 October 2019. Cairnhill Law had then been acting for the
appellant in the taxation of the bill of costs in respect of the 13 March 2018
invoice.

46 The appellant asserts that the email to Cairnhill Law would not have been a
mode of service which the court would have ordered in an application for
substituted service of an originating summons in the circumstances. The
appellant contended that guidance should be taken from para 33(6) of the
Supreme Court PD:

(6) If substituted service is by [email], it has to be shown that the [email]
account to which the document will be sent belongs to the person to be served
and that it is currently active.

[emphasis added]

In other words, the appellant’s argument was that, by analogy with an
originating summons, the court would have ordered that the email from the
respondent be sent directly to the email address of the appellant and not to
the email address of his solicitors, and hence the respondent’s use of the
email of the appellant’s solicitors was not a valid mode of substituted
service. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See Appellant’s Case at paras 39 to 42.

47 However, in our view, the practice direction is only a guide and is based
on the premise that the email address is the address of the person to be
served. Just as substituted service may be effected by posting on the main
door of an address of, say, the closest relative of a debtor (where, for
example, the creditor does not know the debtor’s last known address, as we
have defined it above), substituted service may also be effected by sending an
email to the address of someone whom it is reasonably believed will bring the
email to the attention of the debtor.

48 In the present case, Cairnhill Law was acting for the appellant in the
taxation of the 13 March 2018 invoice. There was every reason to believe that
Cairnhill Law would bring the email sent to it on 4 October 2019 to the
attention of the appellant even though it was in respect of the 26 October
2017 invoice, on which it did not have instructions.

49 For the above reasons, the 4 October 2019 email, which attached a copy of
the notice of the SD as advertised, considered together with the
Advertisement, constituted valid service under r 96(4)(d) of the BR.

Issue 2: Whether an extension of time should be granted

50 Rule 97(1)(a) of the BR provides that an application to set aside a
statutory demand must be made within 14 days of service. We have found that
there was valid service of the SD on 4 October 2019. It follows that the
application to set aside the SD should have been brought by 18 October 2019.
Since the application was only filed on 31 October 2019, we consider the
question as to whether the appellant’s application for an extension of time
should be granted. The Judge decided OSB 129 on the basis that the application
to set aside the SD was without merit, and therefore whether an extension of
time should be granted was ultimately a moot question (GD at [55]).

51 The considerations which the court ought to have regard to are not
disputed. These are: (a) the period of the delay; (b) the reasons for the
delay; (c) the grounds for setting aside the statutory demand; and (d) the
prejudice that might result from an extension of time. The weight to be given
to each factor is to be determined on the facts (Rafat Ali Rizvi v Ing Bank NV
Hong Kong Branch [2011] SGHC 114 at [32]). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Appellant’s Bundle of Authorities Tab J.

Delay

52 While the application was brought less than two weeks out of time, this
does not mean that an extension of time should necessarily be granted. Despite
the holding in Liew Kai Lung Karl ([21] supra) at [6] that the threshold to
grant an extension of time for a debtor to apply to set aside a statutory
demand was not a particularly high one, the test is, at the same time, not an
empty one. Rather, each case must be judged on its specific facts.

The reasons for the delay

53 In the present circumstances, the length of the delay is less important
than the reason for the delay. It appears that the delay in the present case
resulted from a “tactical” decision made by the appellant. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ROA Vol III(I) at p 5.

Before the Judge, the appellant submitted that there were two “tactics” that
could be taken when a statutory demand is served: namely, to actively take
steps to set it aside, or to wait for the creditor to file the bankruptcy
application before filing an application to set aside the SD. The explanation
was that if the appellant had alerted the respondent to the perceived
deficiencies in the manner in which it had attempted to serve the SD, the
respondent would have rectified them and then proceeded to file the bankruptcy
application. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

SCB Vol I(B) at p 220.

Before us, it was submitted that Cairnhill Law had looked at the SD,
considered that service had not been valid and taken the view that it could
wait to raise a challenge. While there was an allusion to Cairnhill Law having
been busy with the taxation of the 13 March 2018 invoice and an oblique remark
to the effect that there would have been additional costs involved in applying
to set aside the SD at an earlier stage, the main thrust of the appellant’s
position before us was that the delay was due to the tactical decision
mentioned.

54 As we explained at the hearing of the appeal, this was not a case in which
the appellant had failed to apply to set aside the SD on time due to an
oversight or for some valid reason. In this regard, whether or not the view
taken by Cairnhill Law on the validity of service was reasonable on the
authorities then available was, with respect, beside the point. The appellant,
on the advice of Cairnhill Law, had made the calculated and tactical decision
not to bring the requisite application within time, notwithstanding the fact
that the SD had been brought to his notice on or about 4 October 2019. This
militates against the granting of an extension of time since the need for this
was entirely of the appellant’s own choosing. Having (wrongly) assessed that
there had not been proper service, the appellant decided to run the risk of
allowing the time for setting aside to lapse. In the circumstances, there was
no good reason for the delay. It was a deliberate attempt to make things as
difficult as possible for the respondent which the appellant might have
achieved to some extent if the SD were to be set aside, or if B 2786, the
respondent’s bankruptcy application, filed more than 21 days after 14 October
2017, were to be dismissed on the basis that the SD had not been validly
served. This is sufficient to dispose of the second issue, but for
completeness we go on to explain why the grounds the appellant relies on to
set aside the SD also do not persuade us that the extension of time sought
should be granted.

Grounds for setting aside the SD

55 We turn now to examine the grounds on which the appellant seeks to set
aside the SD, which, in our view, similarly suggest that an extension of time
should not be granted.

56 Aside from his arguments on the validity of service, the appellant also
contends that the SD should be set aside because (a) the quantum of the debt
is disputed; (b) he has a cross-demand that exceeds the debt under the SD; and
(c) there was an implied term which disentitles the respondent from payment in
the present case. We address these in turn.

The disputed quantum and the taxation scheme under s 122 of the LPA

57 The question is whether the appellant may challenge the quantum of the 26
October 2017 invoice when he has not obtained an order for taxation under s
122 of the LPA within time.

58 The Judge agreed with the observation in Kosui ([18] supra) at [56]–[57]
that taxation is the only judicial avenue for recourse available to the
appellant to challenge the quantum of the respondent’s fees. Pertinently, the
appellant sought an order to tax the 26 October 2017 invoice in OS 67/19 and
did not appeal against the Abdullah J’s dismissal of his application to obtain
an order for taxation out of time. The Judge found that that was the end of
the matter in relation to whether the 26 October 2017 invoice could be
challenged (GD at [44]).

59 The appellant argues that there is no reason why he should have only one
year to challenge the 26 October 2017 invoice, as opposed to the usual six-
year limitation period for contractual claims. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 24.

In this regard, he seeks to rely on the decision in Turner ([21(a)] supra), 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Appellant’s Bundle of Authorities Tab O.

in which the English Court of Appeal held that where a solicitor sued a client
for unpaid fees, the client was entitled to challenge the reasonableness of
the sum claimed under the common law notwithstanding that the period for
invoking the taxation procedure under s 70 of the Solicitors Act 1974 (c 47)
(UK) (“the 1974 Act”) had expired (at 42 and 48). At the time Turner was
decided, s 70 provided that:

(1) Where before the expiration of one month from the delivery of a
solicitor’s bill an application is made by the party chargeable with the bill,
the High Court shall, without requiring any sum to be paid into court, order
that the bill be taxed and that no action be commenced on the bill until the
taxation is completed.

(2) Where no such application is made before the expiration of the period
mentioned in subsection (1), then, on an application being made by the
solicitor or, subject to subsections (3) and (4), by the party chargeable with
the bill, the court may on such terms, if any, as it thinks fit (not being
terms as to the costs of the taxation), order –

(a) that the bill be taxed; and

(b) that no action be commenced on the bill, and that any action already
commenced be stayed, until the taxation is completed.

(3) Where an application under subsection (2) is made by the party chargeable
with the bill –

(a) after the expiration of 12 months from the delivery of the bill, or

(b) after a judgment has been obtained for the recovery of the costs covered
by the bill, or

(c) after the bill has been paid, but before the expiration of 12 months from
the payment of the bill,

no order shall be made except in special circumstances and, if an order is
made, it may contain such terms as regards the costs of the taxation as the
court may think fit.

(4) The power to order taxation conferred by subsection (2) shall not be
exercisable on an application made by the party chargeable with the bill after
the expiration of 12 months from the payment of the bill.

…

60 The English Court of Appeal held that the 1974 Act introduced a more
convenient and advantageous taxation procedure and did not remove the “common
law right to defend an action by the solicitor for his fees” (at 42). The
court observed that the 1974 Act did not state that its effect was to exclude
“the client’s common law right to object to paying more than a reasonable sum
for the solicitor’s services, if he does not avail himself of the statutory
procedures” (at 46). Further, s 70(2) contemplated that the solicitor would
bring an action on the bill in order to enforce payment. The court held that
the 1974 Act did not take away the need for the solicitor to prove that his
fees are reasonable, if they are challenged, absent any express agreement as
to what they should be. This would not disadvantage the solicitor, who may
claim an order for taxation without any time limit, and thereafter obtain a
form of summary judgment when the taxation certificate is issued. The court
also held that the solicitor’s claim is one for a reasonable sum under both
statute and the common law, and not for a liquidated sum, and the burden of
proving that the sum is reasonable rests upon the solicitor (at 48 and 51–52).

61 The decision in Turner was said to follow prior decisions which adopted the
same position. For example, Turner referred to Stirling J’s decision in In re
Park (1888) 41 Ch D 326 (“In re Park”) at 331 and 332, where Stirling J held
that, in dealing with solicitors’ costs, the court has a three-fold
jurisdiction. First, the statutory jurisdiction conferred by the Solicitors
Acts, which does apply where the time limit for taxation has expired and there
are no special circumstances which justify making a taxation order. Second,
the court has general jurisdiction over the officers of the court, which
confers jurisdiction to deal with solicitors’ bill of costs. Third (at 332):

there remains the ordinary jurisdiction of the Court in dealing with contested
claims. This action is one for the administration of a testator’s estate … It
is contended on their behalf that the investigation of this claim which takes
place in Chambers is merely in substitution for a common law action, and that
the Claimants ought to be placed as nearly as may be, having regard to the
different forms of procedure, in the position in which they would have been if
they had brought an action at common law against the testator’s legal personal
representative for the amount of this bill. To that general proposition I
agree. …

62 We note that in In re Park, the solicitors’ bills were eventually referred
to the Taxing Master to assess the appropriate quantum even though they were
not sent for taxation as such because more than 12 months had lapsed since the
delivery of the bills. In other words, the appropriate quantum was in any
event, not to be determined at a trial. Likewise, in Turner, the bills of
costs were not to be determined at a trial. They were referred to a costs
judge for assessment.

63 The question before us is whether a client may challenge a solicitor’s bill
notwithstanding his omission to seek taxation within the period prescribed in
s 122 of the LPA. Put in another way, is the client’s contractual right to
defend against a solicitor’s claim for services rendered an available
alternative to the taxation mechanism in s 122 of the LPA? In this regard, we
acknowledge that ss 118 and 119 of the LPA refer to the commencement of
actions by solicitors in relation to the bill:

Solicitor not to commence action for fees until one month after delivery of
bills

118.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no solicitor shall, except by
leave of the court, commence or maintain any action for the recovery of any
costs due for any business done by him until the expiration of one month after
he has delivered to the party to be charged therewith, or sent by post to, or
left with him at his office or place of business, dwelling-house or last known
place of residence, a bill of those costs.

…

Court may authorise action for recovery of fees before expiration of one month
after delivery of bills

119\. The court may authorise a solicitor to commence an action for the
recovery of his costs and also refer his bill of costs for taxation by the
Registrar, although one month has not expired from the delivery of the bill,
upon proof to its satisfaction that any party chargeable therewith is about to
quit Singapore, or to have a receiving order made against him, or to compound
with his creditors or to take any other steps or do any other act which in its
opinion would tend to defeat or delay the solicitor in obtaining payment.

[emphasis added]

Such provisions appear to have been a factor in the English Court of Appeal’s
decision in Turner (at 46). With respect, in our view, the fact that these
provisions envisage the bringing of an action for the recovery of fees does
not indicate, one way or another, whether taxation is the only avenue by which
a court may review the reasonableness of the solicitor’s bill. Two issues may
be distinguished: the method of recovery (whether this is by commencing an
action or through bankruptcy proceedings), and the avenues by which the court
may assess the reasonableness of the sum charged. It is the latter issue that
arises for determination in the present case.

64 It is true that ss 120 and 122 of the LPA do not specify that failing to
seek taxation of a bill within 12 months from its delivery renders the bill
conclusive as to the sum claimed by the solicitor. In Kosui ([18] supra), 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 6.

Coomaraswamy J cited with approval Ralph Hume Garry (a firm) v Gwillim [2003]
1 WLR 510 (“Ralph Hume Garry”) where the court said, at [31], that in view of
the statutory background, the client’s only protection against overcharging
was to seek taxation. Ralph Hume Garry was similarly referred to in Ho Cheng
Lay v Low Yong Sen [2009] 3 SLR(R) 206 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 5.

(“Ho Cheng Lay”) at [16] and JWR Pte Ltd v Syn Kok Kay (trading as Patrick
Chin Syn & Co) [2019] SGHC 253 at [23]. In Kosui, Coomaraswamy J further
observed that taxation is the only judicial process designed specifically to
assess and fix the reasonable fees which a solicitor is entitled to charge a
client:

56 … the outcome of a taxation not only establishes the solicitor’s right to
be paid the fees as taxed, it also relieves the client of any obligation he
might have undertaken to pay more than the taxed fees.

57 … Only taxation under s 120 can yield the client a refund or remission of
overcharged fees.

58 To that extent, the legal profession is unique. The members of every
profession subscribe to a self-imposed ethical limit on the fees which they
can charge their clients: Lim Mey Lee Susan v Singapore Medical Council [2013]
3 SLR 900 … at [52]. Only members of the legal profession, however, are
subject in this way to an extra-contractual judicial procedure for resolving
civil disputes over the reasonableness of their fees. This procedure is not a
mere creature of statute but comprises part of the court’s inherent
jurisdiction: Wee Harry Lee v Haw Par Brother International Ltd [1979-1980]
SLR(R) 603 … at [12] and [16]. Solicitors are subject to this unique procedure
for resolving fee disputes for two reasons. First, because of their singular
position as officers of the very institution – the court – which is entrusted
with the duty and the power to resolve civil disputes. Second, because the
court is uniquely placed, without any need for expert evidence, to assess the
reasonable value of legal services as compared to any other type of
professional services.

65 Coomaraswamy J’s remarks aptly reflect the advantages of the taxation
process for both the client and the solicitor. They also, to an extent,
address the question as to why, unlike bills rendered by other professionals,
solicitor’s bills are subject to a separate regime. In Engelin Teh Practice
LLC formerly known as Engelin Teh and Partners v Tan Sui Chuan [2006] SGDC 2,
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Appellant’s Bundle of Authorities Tab F.

it was held that these provisions exist to provide certainty for both the
solicitor and client.

66 We also note that the 12-month time limit provided for in s 122 of the LPA
is not cast in stone. An order may be made for taxation outside of the
specified period if the court finds that there are “special circumstances” to
so order. From the client’s perspective, this provides an additional
safeguard. As Coomaraswamy J held in Kosui at [61], there is no rigid rule as
to what kind of circumstances are sufficiently special to justify taxation of
a solicitor’s bill. Where it is apparent that there has been overcharging,
this would be a factor militating in favour of granting an order for taxation,
even if the s 122 of the LPA time limit has elapsed (see Ho Cheng Lay at
[28(b)]). Similarly, if the bills delivered are so lacking in particulars that
the client is unable to make an informed decision as to whether to apply for
taxation, or if the solicitor did not inform the client of the right to have
the bill taxed, the court may lean in favour of ordering taxation, if this is
appropriate in all the circumstances.

67 We add that for the purpose of s 122 of the LPA, the interest of the client
is adequately protected if “special circumstances” is not construed narrowly
against the client. After all, the provision is not intended to allow or
encourage solicitors to take advantage of ignorant or unsuspecting clients.

68 The silence of the LPA on the consequences of failing to seek a taxation
order within the 12-month period is equivocal. In contrast, an unqualified
common law right to defend against a claim brought by solicitors in respect of
an untaxed invoice would mean that there is a twin track to challenge a
solicitor’s charges, ie, by seeking taxation pursuant to s 122 of the LPA or
by the common law right to defend. In our view, this would undermine the
statutory 12-month period in s 122 of the LPA.

69 Accordingly, there is no twin track. The common law right to defend is
qualified by s 122 of the LPA. Generally speaking, a client is to seek an
order for taxation of a solicitor’s bill of costs within 12 months from
delivery of the bill or show special circumstances why an order for taxation
should be made outside of the 12-month period. As the appellant has not
obtained an order for taxation, he is precluded from challenging the amount
claimed in the SD.

70 The appellant’s substantive submissions on the point that the 26 October
2017 invoice is for an excessive sum also meet the same fate. First, the
appellant contended that “substantial errors” were discovered in the taxation
of the 13 March 2018 invoice and that there may be inaccuracies in relation to
the time recorded for the period covered by the 26 October 2017 invoice, which
would in turn mean that the amount of professional fees charged under that
invoice may be inaccurate. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Appellant’s Case at para 55.

As a general proposition, errors discovered in the 13 March 2018 invoice would
not necessarily suggest that similar errors were made in the 26 October 2017
invoice. Furthermore, it is not open to the appellant to resist the SD on such
a general argument when he had failed to obtain an order for taxation.

71 Second, the appellant attempted to estimate the reasonable amount of time
the respondent would have expended on each item of work done as set out in the
26 October 2017 invoice and to provide an approximate figure for the
professional fees the respondent could have reasonably charged. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Appellant’s Case at para 62.

However, this is not an appropriate exercise to undertake at this stage of the
proceedings. In essence, this is a backdoor attempt to tax the bill
notwithstanding the decision in OS 67/19, which is impermissible.

72 Third, the appellant also raised a more specific point. Specifically, the
Letter of Engagement signed by the appellant indicated that the respondent’s
fees would be based on the actual time spent in connection with the
Consolidated Suits, with specified hourly rates for certain solicitors who
were identified therein. The hourly rate for Mr Edmund Eng (“Mr Eng”) was
stipulated to be $720. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

CB Vol II(A) at p 51.

However, in the taxation of the 13 March 2018 invoice, the appellant
discovered that the respondent had instead used an hourly rate of $790 for Mr
Eng. The inference from this was that Mr Eng’s rate of $790 was also used for
the 26 October 2017 invoice, which covered the period immediately preceding
that of the 23 March 2018 invoice. The respondent appeared to accept that Mr
Eng’s time had been charged at $790 per hour in the 26 October 2017 invoice.
However, it submitted that under cl 2.1 of the General Terms and Conditions
applicable to the Letter of Engagement, it was entitled to adjust the hourly
rate from time to time. On the other hand, cl 9 of the Letter of Engagement
stated that the respondent would notify the appellant of any changes to the
hourly rates. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

CB Vol II(A) at pp 51 and 55.

It was undisputed that the respondent did not notify the appellant of the
change in the hourly rate for Mr Eng.

73 Although the respondent suggested that it was entitled to claim the higher
rate despite its failure to notify the appellant of the higher rate, we are of
the view that this was an arguable point which, in ordinary circumstances, the
appellant would have been entitled to contest.

74 However, the difficulty for the appellant was that he had already
questioned the aggregate original amount claimed in the 26 October 2017
invoice soon after it was rendered, even though he was apparently unaware of
the higher rate being charged for Mr Eng. As we have elaborated above, he was
informed of his right to taxation more than once and he was eventually
represented by new solicitors from whom he could have sought advice on the
question of taxation if he wanted to. Yet, despite his concerns over the
quantum of fees charged, he did nothing to pursue taxation until he filed OS
67/19 on 15 January 2019. Had he pursued his right to taxation on time, it was
likely that he would have learned of the higher rate in the ordinary course of
taxation. His attempts to persuade Abdullah J that there were special
circumstances supporting his application for an order for taxation of the 26
October 2017 invoice were unsuccessful and consequently his application for
that relief was dismissed. Abdullah J observed that the fact that the trial of
the Consolidated Suits had been underway at that point in time was not
sufficient reason not to proceed as required by the law, and that any
negotiations or alleged lack of particularisation in the 26 October 2017
invoice similarly did not constitute special circumstances under s 122 of the
LPA. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

SCB Vol I(B) at p 208.

He did not file any appeal against that decision. For completeness, we note
that at para 6 of his affidavit of 20 March 2019 filed for OS 67/19, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ROA Vol III(C) at p 51.

the appellant stated that he was under the impression that the respondent
would apply for taxation. We are of the view that as the respondent had
repeatedly informed him of his right to pursue taxation and he also had access
to advice from new solicitors, this was a feeble excuse which he raised for
the first time then.

75 Furthermore, the appellant was not merely seeking a reduction of the amount
claimed under the 26 October 2017 invoice by the difference of $70 per hour
for Mr Eng multiplied by the number of hours he was engaged in. The appellant
was using that difference to dispute the entire invoice. His counsel informed
us that he was prepared to proceed with taxation. However, bearing in mind his
earlier failure to seek taxation and the dismissal of his application in OS
67/19 for an order of taxation and the absence of an appeal against that
dismissal, we are of the view that it was too late for the appellant to now
seek taxation. Also, he was not entitled to use the higher rate as a reason to
stave off the SD. That said, we leave it to the respondent to consider whether
it wishes to waive its claim for the difference in respect of the 26 October
2017 invoice as it did not notify the appellant of the increase.

Cross-demand

76 We now come to the appellant’s arguments on an alleged cross-demand. The
appellant asserts that he has a cross-demand that exceeds the amount claimed
in the SD because the respondent was not entitled to set off funds it held in
its client account against the sum claimed in the 26 October 2017 invoice.
Clause 12 of the Letter of Engagement provided that:

We will therefore require an initial deposit of S$100,000 before we can start
work on your matter. Please note that this sum is not an estimate of the
likely fee in connection with your matter: it is merely a deposit against that
fee. The deposit will be held by us and used to set off against our final
invoice in this matter.

[emphasis from original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

For completeness, we note that apart from cl 12 of the Letter of Engagement,
cl 6.2 of the respondent’s General Terms and Conditions provided that: 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

CB Vol II(A) p 56.

We will hold all deposits remitted to us in our client account for your
benefit. Unless you give us specific instructions, it shall be in our
discretion whether or not to place such monies on interest-bearing deposit. We
are entitled to set off the monies standing to your credit in our client
account and any interest accrued thereon against legal fees and disbursements
due to us. We will not, however, effect any set off against our legal fees and
disbursements unless we have rendered an invoice to you and notified you in
writing to your last-known address of our intention to effect the set-off.

[emphasis added]

77 The appellant contends that as a result of cl 12 of the Letter of
Engagement, the monies held on behalf of the appellant by the respondent
should only have been set off against the respondent’s final invoice in the
matter, which was the 13 March 2018 invoice, and the utilisation of the funds
held by the respondent to set off against part of the penultimate invoice, ie,
the 26 October 2017 invoice, was therefore a breach of cl 12 of the Letter of
Engagement. Since the total amount of the set-off was $176,025.30, his cross-
demand exceeded the debt of $106,133.52 under the SD, and the SD should be set
aside. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 72 and 73.

78 The Judge relied on a statement made from the bar by Mr Goh Keng Huang (“Mr
Goh”), who appeared on behalf of the respondent. Mr Goh stated that there had
been an agreement reached during a telephone conversation between the
respondent and Optimus Chambers for the respondent to utilise the funds in
part payment of the 26 October 2017 invoice in order to stop or reduce
interest from running on that invoice. Allegedly, it was pursuant to this
agreement that the deposit totalling $176,025.30 was set off against the debt
arising from the 26 October 2017 invoice (see GD at [42]). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

ROA Vol III(I) p 9.

The Judge reasoned that while this explanation had not been given on
affidavit, he saw no reason to disregard or disbelieve it. He further observed
that Mr Goh was from the entity which had issued the SD. The Judge was
prepared to accept the explanation given, and rejected the appellant’s
contention that he had a valid or genuine cross-demand justifying the setting
aside of the SD under r 98(2)(a) BR (GD at [51]). On appeal, the appellant
argues that the Judge erred in placing weight on Mr Goh’s unsubstantiated
assertion, which was both hearsay evidence and evidence from the bar. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Appellant’s Case at para 76.

The appellant contends that such an agreement had not been reached, and the
dispute on this point is a triable issue which requires further evidence or
arguments. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Appellant’s Case at para 77.

79 In our view, the Judge should not have relied on evidence from the bar on a
disputed allegation. While Mr Goh was a member of the respondent, this did not
in any way detract from the fact that his statement was a factual assertion
that should properly have been made on affidavit, especially since it appears
that Mr Goh was not the person on the respondent’s side who was a party to the
alleged conversation. Furthermore, no mention was made of this oral
conversation in any of the affidavits filed for the respondent in these
proceedings or in OS 67/19. For the latter, an affidavit of 1 March 2019 from
Mr Sarjit Singh Gill SC (“Mr Gill”) for the respondent alluded to a telephone
discussion with Optimus Chambers on 27 March 2018 when the two invoices were
sent to Optimus Chambers. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

SCB Vol I(A) at p 52.

However, there was no mention of any oral agreement to set off, whether in
that conversation or any subsequent telephone conversation. In fairness, we
note that this may be because at the time that affidavit was executed, the
set-off had either not been effected or the appellant had not yet complained
about it. In any event, the respondent should have asked for leave to file an
affidavit on the disputed conversation if it wanted to rely on it.

80 Nevertheless, we make a few other points.

81 First, the appellant’s position is inconsistent and self-serving. He is
content to take the benefit of the set-off for the 26 October 2017 invoice but
yet claims the amount of the set-off separately.

82 Second, the appellant has suffered no loss and he in fact benefitted from
the set-off being applied to the sum claimed under the 26 October 2017 invoice
as this meant that the interest that accrued on this invoice was lower.

83 In totality, it is clear that the appellant’s argument that the set-off
should have been applied against the final invoice only was simply an attempt
to be difficult. If he were correct, the respondent would have to issue a
fresh statutory demand for the original higher sum, ie, without set-off, and
he would be liable for the higher sum with interest. There would have been no
benefit to him except to cause the respondent to incur more costs and delay
matters.

84 In the circumstances, we are of the view that he does not have a bona fide
cross-demand.

Implied term

85 The appellant seeks leave to raise a new argument, namely, that there was
an implied term that the respondent had to provide the appellant with a
breakdown of the time costs, and that, having failed to do so, the respondent
was not entitled to payment. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Appellant’s Case at para 80.

86 Following the decision in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and
another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 at [101], the court should adopt a
three-step process in determining whether a term should be implied:

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at the
time of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response,
then, the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

87 In our opinion, this argument is without merit. First, the “gap” identified
by the appellant is that the Letter of Engagement does not stipulate that the
respondent is to provide the breakdown of time costs upon request. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Appellant’s Case at para 82.

We are not persuaded that there is such a gap in the contract since the
appellant would have been entitled to tax the invoices rendered, as reflected
in cl 5.4 of the respondent’s General Terms & Conditions. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

CB Vol II(A) at p 56.

If the invoice had been taxed, the bill of costs filed would have provided the
taxing registrar (and the appellant) with ample basis on which to assess
whether or not the sums claimed were reasonable, failing which the appellant
would have been justified in asking for further information to be provided. It
is therefore difficult to see how there is a “gap” in the contract that is not
filled by cl 5.4 and the appellant’s right to tax the invoices within 12
months from receipt of the invoice in question.

88 Furthermore, it is not necessary to imply such a term to ensure business
efficacy between the parties. At most, one could say that the respondent is
obliged to provide the breakdown upon timely request by the appellant but not
in the absence of such a request. Here, the appellant did not ask for the
breakdown until recently when his right to seek taxation had long ceased.

89 Accordingly, the appellant’s argument on the implied term fails.

Prejudice

90 Finally, we agree that there is no undue prejudice to the respondent if we
were to grant the appellant an extension of time to file the Application.
However, that is only one factor which is much less important than the reason
for the delay and the lack of merit in his arguments to set aside the SD.

Summary on Issue 2

91 In the circumstances, there was no good reason to allow the appellant an
extension of time to file the Application late. The grounds on which he
attempts to set aside the SD are in any event unmeritorious. His application
for an extension of time is refused.

Conclusion

92 The BR provides detailed provisions to ensure that a statutory demand is
brought to the notice of a debtor. The Application is short on merit and
undeserving of sympathy for various reasons.

93 First, the appellant is not saying that the SD was not brought to his
notice. Even before the formal service of the SD on 4 October 2019, he was
aware that the respondent was seeking to serve an SD on him (see [7] above).
Thereafter, he sought to set aside the service of the SD not because he was
genuinely caught unawares and wanted more time to pay the debt. He simply
wanted to make the respondent incur more costs by re-starting the process
again and delay matters.

94 Secondly, instead of pursuing his right to seek taxation at the appropriate
time, he chose to sit on his right. Thereafter, when it was too late for him
to do so, he sought an order to tax the 26 October 2017 invoice but failed. He
then attempted to challenge the amount claimed with arguments which reflected
his lack of bona fides.

95 In the circumstances, we dismiss the appeal with costs fixed at $24,000
(including disbursements) to be paid by the appellant to the respondent. The
usual consequential orders are to apply.

96 For the avoidance of doubt, the respondent may proceed with B 2786 filed on
29 October 2019 and need not file a fresh bankruptcy application.

Sundaresh Menon Tay Yong Kwang Woo Bih Li  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge  

Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Ashok Kumar Rai (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the appellant;

Jamal Siddique Peer, Leong Woon Ho and  
Liew Zhi Hao (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the respondent.

  
  

Annex A: Chronology of Events

S/No| Date| Event  
---|---|---  
1| Early May 2013| The respondent began acting for the appellant in the
Consolidated Suits.  
2| 26 Oct 2017| The 26 October 2017 invoice was issued for work done between
18 February 2017 to 31 July 2017.  
3| 11 Dec 2017| The appellant sought a 50% discount on the 26 October 2017
invoice.  
4| 3 Jan 2018 | Over lunch, the respondent informed the appellant that if he disputed any part of the 26 October 2017 invoice, he could approach the court for taxation.  
5| 9 Jan 2018 | The respondent sent an email to the appellant seeking his confirmation that he wished to continue engaging the respondent.   
6| 17 Jan 2018 | The respondent sent another email seeking the appellant’s decision as to whether to continue the engagement.  
7| 19 Jan 2018| The appellant responded confirming that he wished to continue
engaging the respondent to act for him.  
8| 22 Jan 2018| Optimus Chambers wrote to the respondent stating that it had
been instructed to take over the Consolidated Suits.  
9| 23 Jan 2018| The respondent wrote to Optimus Chambers enclosing the 26
October 2017 invoice and stating that it had not been paid.  
10| By 9 Mar 2018| The respondent handed over all documents relevant to the
Consolidated Suits to Optimus Chambers.  
11| 13 Mar 2018| The respondent delivered the 13 March 2018 invoice to the
appellant through Optimus Chambers.  
12| 27 Mar 2018| The respondent wrote to Optimus Chambers, enclosing the 26
October 2017 invoice and the 13 March 2018 invoice, informing Optimus Chambers
that it would be setting off the unpaid invoices against the sums held on
account for the appellant.  
13| 23 Apr 2018| According to Mr Gill, the respondent spoke to the appellant
and informed him that if he disputed any of the invoices, he was entitled to
apply for taxation.  
14| 7 Sep 2018| The respondent wrote to Optimus Chambers informing the
appellant of his entitlement to taxation.  
15| 25 Sep 2018| The respondent sent a copy of all invoices rendered to the
appellant to Optimus Chambers, including the two unpaid invoices.  
16| 29 Nov 2018| The respondent wrote to Optimus Chambers enclosing a
statutory demand dated 29 November 2018 issued on the basis of the 26 October
2017 invoice and enquired whether Optimus Chambers had instructions to accept
service.  
17| 15 Jan 2019| The appellant filed OS 67/19 for (a) an order for taxation in
respect of 13 March 2018 invoice and (b) leave to seek an order for taxation
in respect of the 26 October 2017 invoice.  
18| 27 Mar 2019| Abdullah J dismissed OS 67/19 in so far as it related to the
October invoice.  
19| 10 May 2019| The respondent issued a fresh statutory demand for the 26
October 2017 invoice.  
20| 23 Jul 2019| The respondent filed its bill of costs (“the March Bill”) in
BC 95 premised on the 13 March 2018 invoice. This indicated Mr Eng’s rates as
$790 per hour.  
21| 26 Jul 2019| The respondent attempted to serve the 10 May 2019 statutory
demand by way of email to the appellant and his lawyers at LVM Law Chambers.  
22| 20 Aug 2019| Cairnhill Law filed a notice of appointment to act for the
appellant in BC 95.  
23| 4 Sep 2019| Cairnhill Law wrote to the respondent to request breakdowns of
the time spent under the March Bill in BC 95.  
24| 5 Sep 2019| Title search on the Bayshore Road property showed the
appellant was no longer the owner of the property, as he had been in March
2019.  
25| 30 Sep 2019| The SD was issued and the respondent’s clerk attempted
personal service of the SD on the appellant at the Bayshore Road property.  
26| 30 Sep 2019| The respondent provided the appellant with proposed
amendments to the March Bill, which was to include the breakdowns.  
27| 1 Oct 2019| The respondent’s clerk again attempted personal service of the
SD on the appellant at the Bayshore Road property.  
28| 4 Oct 2019| The respondents attempted service of the SD by advertising a
notice of the SD in the Straits Times. An email with a copy of the advertised
notice of the SD was sent to Cairnhill Law on the same day.  
29| 18 Oct 2019| Deadline for application to set aside SD.  
30| 22 Oct 2019| The SD was sent to Cairnhill Law by email.  
31| 29 Oct 2019| B 2786 was filed.  
32| 31 Oct 2019| The appellant filed OSB 129.  
33| 19 Nov 2019| OSB 129 was heard by the AR.  
34| 16 Dec 2019, 7 Jan 2020, 20 Jan 2020 and 23 Jun 2020| The March Bill was
taxed.  
35| 3 Feb 2020| The appeal from OSB 129 was dismissed by the Judge.  
36| 19 Oct 2020| Abdullah J dismissed the appellant’s application for review
of taxation.  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Dec 2020 (00:04 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

