Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 35

Originating Summons No 1017 of 2019

Between

(1)| Chee Yoh Chuang  
---|---  
(2)| Lin Yueh Hung  
  
… Applicants

And

(1)| Ooi Chhooi Ngoh  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Land] — [Sale of land] — [Sale under court order] — [Effect of bankruptcy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chee Yoh Chuang and another

  
v

  

Ooi Chhooi Ngoh

[2020] SGHC 35

High Court — Originating Summons No 1017 of 2019  
Chan Seng Onn J  
5, 20 November 2019

19 February 2020

Chan Seng Onn J:

1 What are the considerations that a court should take into account when
ordering the sale of a co-owned family home upon the application of the
Official Assignee or the trustee in bankruptcy? How is the court to balance
the rights of the creditors of a bankrupt co-owner as against those of the
non-bankrupt co-owner(s), bearing in mind that the whole family stands to be
evicted should the sale of their family home be ordered? These are the issues
in the present dispute involving the property located at 79 Neram Road,
Singapore 807774 (“the Property”).

Background Facts

2 The Property was originally owned by Koh Sin Chong Freddie (“the Bankrupt”)
and his wife, the respondent, as joint tenants. A bankruptcy order (“the
Bankruptcy Order”) was made on 4 August 2016 and the Official Assignee (“the
OA”) was appointed as the trustee of the Bankrupt’s estate. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Joint Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang and Lin Yueh Hung (8 August 2019)
(“Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit”), Exhibit CL - 1 at p 15.

The first and second applicants were appointed as the Private Trustees in
Bankruptcy of the Bankrupt (“the PTIBs”) in place of the OA on 21 May 2019. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 2 at p 18.

3 The Bankrupt’s two creditors and the debts owed to each of them are as
tabulated: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit at [6].

Creditor| Nature of Debt| Amount of Debt (S$)  
---|---|---  
DBS Bank Ltd (“DBS”)| Secured on the Property| 1,408,724.83 4

##### Foot Note 4

× Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 4 at p 44.  
Singapore Swimming Club (“SSC”)| Unsecured| 1,832,653.05 5

##### Foot Note 5

× Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 4 at p 47.  
Total Debt (S$):| 3,241,377.88  
  
4 The Bankrupt’s main asset is his interest in the Property. While there is no
official valuation of the Property, the Bankrupt valued it at $5.7 million in
his Statement of Affairs in 2016. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 3 at p 35.

It was also listed for sale on a property listing site, propertyguru.com.sg,
in 2013 for $7.8 million. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2nd Joint Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang and Lin Yueh Hung (17 October 2019)
(“Applicants’ 2nd Joint Affidavit”) at [8]–[10], Exhibit CL - 12 at pp 11–12.

5 As with his other assets, the Bankrupt’s interest in the Property vested
automatically in the OA upon the making of the Bankruptcy Order by virtue of s
76(1)(a)(i) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Bankruptcy Act”).
This in turn severed the joint tenancy by operation of law (see Peter Low LLC
v Higgins, Danial Patrick [2018] 4 SLR 1003 at [137] and Malayan Banking Bhd v
Focal Finance Ltd [1998] 3 SLR(R) 1008 at [16]). Therefore, the OA and the
respondent each took a half share in the Property as tenants in common. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit at [9].

When the applicants were appointed as the PTIBs in place of the OA, they own
the half share in the Property by virtue of s 36(2) of the Bankruptcy Act.

6 Since 2018, the OA and the PTIBs have contacted the Bankrupt and/or the
respondent on various occasions to provide the Bankrupt with options to
discharge his debts, namely by (1) selling the Property, (2) getting one or
more of the Bankrupt’s family members to buy over his half share in the
Property, or (3) by settling his debts in full. This was done by:

(a) sending letters to the Bankrupt on 25 July 2018 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 8 at pp 61–62.

and 15 March 2019; 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 8 at pp 64–65.

(b) arranging a meeting between the PTIBs and the Bankrupt on 17 June 2019 to
discuss the options for the sale of the Property; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 9 at p 69.

and

(c) sending a letter to the respondent on 24 June 2019 to obtain her
confirmation as to whether she or her adult children were prepared to buy over
the Bankrupt’s share of the Property or, in the alternative, whether she would
be prepared to put the Property out for sale jointly. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 9 at pp 71–72.

7 The PTIBs have also informed the Bankrupt that a sale of the Property would
leave him and the respondent with sufficient funds to purchase a HDB flat,
settle his debts in full and annul the Bankruptcy Order against him. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 8 at p 64.

8 As the respondent and the Bankrupt have refused to take up any of the three
options, the PTIBs filed an application in Originating Summons No 1017 of 2019
for the sale of the Property.

9 After hearing both parties, I ordered that the Property be sold in the open
market and the sale proceeds, after deducting the expenses connected with the
sale and the repayment of the outstanding mortgage, be remitted to the
Bankrupt and the respondent in equal shares.

10 Dissatisfied with my decision, the respondent has filed an appeal. I now
set out the reasons behind my decision.

The sole issue to be determined

11 The sole issue that arose for my consideration was whether to order a sale
of the Property.

12 Given that this is the first case in which the High Court is being called
upon to exercise its powers of sale in relation to co-owned property under the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) upon the
application of the OA or a trustee in bankruptcy as opposed to a fellow co-
owner, I find it necessary to deal with the preliminary, albeit undisputed,
question of whether the court has the power to order the sale.

A preliminary point: the court’s power to order the sale

13 The court’s power of sale is derived from s 18(2) of the SCJA, which
provides that the High Court shall have the powers set out in the First
Schedule. Paragraph 2 of the First Schedule reads as follows:

Partition and sale in lieu of partition

2\. Power to partition land and to direct a sale instead of partition in any
action for partition of land; and in any cause or matter relating to land,
where it appears necessary or expedient, to order the land or any part of it
to be sold, and to give all necessary and consequential directions.

14 By way of background, the High Court’s power of sale under the SCJA has
been exercised in numerous cases involving non-bankrupt co-owner(s) where the
court considered whether the property should be sold upon the application of a
fellow co-owner: see, eg, Abu Bakar v Jawahir and others [1993] 1 SLR(R) 865
(“Abu Bakar”); Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3
SLR 1222 (“Su Emmanuel”). The main difference in the present application lies
in the fact that it was brought by the PTIBs in order to realise the assets of
the Bankrupt as part of their general administration of his estate, which
includes the Bankrupt’s share in the Property as a tenant in common with the
respondent.

15 For the purposes of invoking the power of sale, I saw no difference between
an application by a non-bankrupt co-owner and that by the OA or trustees in
bankruptcy who represent the interests of a bankrupt co-owner’s creditors. It
is clear that the OA is empowered to sell a bankrupt’s property and to
institute legal proceedings in relation to the same under s 111(a) and s
112(b) of the Bankruptcy Act, and the trustee in bankruptcy is empowered to do
the same under s 36(1)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act. The PTIBs were entitled to
apply to the court for an order to sell the Property because the Bankrupt’s
interest in the Property has vested in them.

16 The present scenario was also considered by the Court of Appeal in Su
Emmanuel. The case involved a house owned by three individuals as tenants in
common: the appellant (“Su”), the first respondent (“Priya”) and the second
respondent (“Philip”) in respective shares of 50%, 49% and 1%. The house was
originally owned by Phillip and Su as joint tenants but the joint tenancy was
severed in 2004 when Priya bought over a 49% share in the house. She signed a
sale and purchase agreement which included a particular clause 10 (“cl 10”).
This clause, in essence, provided that Priya would not evict Su and her
children from the house as it was their place of dwelling (Su Emmanuel at
[14]). Priya subsequently ran into financial difficulties and thus applied for
an order that the house be sold in order for her to use the sale proceeds to
stave off impending bankruptcy proceedings. The Court of Appeal upheld the
order of sale and further noted, in obiter at [74], that:

… if no order for sale was made and Priya were to be adjudged a bankrupt, it
would likely be the Official Assignee who would be seeking an order for the
sale of the Property in order to meet the claims of Priya’s creditors. In that
situation, we fail to see how cl 10, even on the basis of Su’s interpretation,
could possibly have stood in the way of the Official Assignee.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

17 Thus, the possibility of the OA applying to court for the sale of property
to meet the claims of the creditors of a bankrupt co-owner has been judicially
approved.

18 Having decided that the court has the power under s 18(2) read with para 2
of the First Schedule to the SCJA on the application of the OA or the PTIBs to
order a sale of the Property co-owned by the Bankrupt, I now turn to explain
the considerations behind my decision to so order.

Considerations in ordering the sale of the Property

19 The High Court can order the sale of land if it would be “necessary or
expedient” to do so per para 2 of the First Schedule to the SCJA. In Su
Emmanuel, the Court of Appeal provided guidance on the factors to be
considered in deciding whether a sale should be ordered (at [57]) (“the Su
Emmanuel factors”):

… (a) In deciding whether it is necessary or expedient for a sale to be
ordered in lieu of partition, the court conducts a balancing exercise of
various factors, including (i) the state of the relationship between the
parties (which would be indicative of whether they are likely to be able to
co-operate in the future); (ii) the state of the property; and (iii) the
prospect of the relationship between the parties deteriorating if a sale was
not granted such that a ‘clean-break’ would be preferable.

(b) Regard should be had to the potential prejudice that the various co-owners
might face in each of the possible scenarios, namely, if a sale is granted and
if it is not granted.

(c) A sale would not generally be ordered if to do so would violate a prior
agreement between the co-owners concerning the manner in which the land may be
disposed of.

20 The respondent submitted that the court should consider all the Su Emmanuel
factors, including those that specifically pertained to the relationship
between the respondent and the Bankrupt. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Respondent’s Submissions at [14]–[16], [20]–[21].

21 I did not think that all the Su Emmanuel factors were applicable to the
present case. In particular, it was not necessary to consider (1) the state of
the relationship between the parties and (2) the prospect of the relationship
between the parties deteriorating if a sale is not granted. This is because
the Su Emmanuel factors are specifically tailored towards a joint ownership
context in which a fellow non-bankrupt co-owner invokes the court’s power of
sale.

22 The Bankrupt is not a party to the present application and, in any event,
the PTIBs are wholly entitled to deal with the Property that forms part of his
bankruptcy estate for the benefit of his creditors. Unlike previous cases
dealing with the court’s power of sale under the SCJA, there is no
relationship between the PTIBs and the respondent to speak of.

23 The Su Emmanuel factors are guidelines distilled from a long line of case
law involving co-owners who sought to invoke the court’s power of sale. They
are not meant to be applied as a comprehensive and concretised check-list to
be addressed in every case, whether or not warranted on the facts. Neither has
it been the approach of our courts both before and after the decision in Su
Emmanuel, to consider and address every single factor when the factual matrix
plainly does not call for it. By way of illustration:

(a) In Abu Bakar, S Rajendran J ordered the sale of a small family house after
considering the difficulty in implementing an order for partition and the
inability of the other co-owners to pay for the applicant’s one-third share in
the property (at [18]–[19]). He did not separately consider the state of the
relationship between the parties nor the lack of a prior agreement between
parties.

(b) In Foo Jee Boo v Foo Jee Seng [2016] SGHC 225, Debbie Ong JC (as she then
was) considered whether to order the sale of a property owned by two brothers
as tenants in common. She ordered the sale after considering that neither
party was presently living in the property and that their acrimonious
relationship would make continued cooperation difficult (at [23]). There was
no explicit enumeration of the potential prejudice that each co-owner might
face if a sale was granted. As there was no prior agreement concerning the
manner in which the land was to be disposed of, this factor was not alluded
to.

24 At this juncture, I pause to note that my approach aligns with the decision
in BYX v BYY [2019] SGHC 237, which was released shortly after parties had
made their submissions. There, Tan Puay Boon JC found that the Su Emmanuel
factors are “largely limited to the joint ownership context” and were thus
inapplicable in the context of an execution creditor who wished to effect the
sale of the judgment debtor’s mortgaged immovable property that had been
seized under a writ of seizure and sale (at [24]).

25 I am of the view that when a court considers whether it is necessary or
expedient to order a sale of property upon the application of the OA or the
trustee in bankruptcy, it should consider not only the interests of all the
individuals who may be directly affected by the sale but also the creditors of
the bankrupt co-owner of the property.

26 As a general rule, the court should consider all the relevant facts and
circumstances of the case and conduct a balancing exercise. Some of the
factors to be taken into account in the balancing exercise may include the
following:

(a) Whether the expected share of sale proceeds would be sufficient to
discharge the debts owed by the bankrupt to his creditors.

(b) Whether the co-owner resisting the sale has contributed, benefited or is
in any way related to the events that led to the bankruptcy.

(c) The potential prejudice that the co-owner(s) and any third parties might
face in each of the possible scenarios, namely, if a sale is granted and if it
is not granted. An example of such prejudice to the co-owner(s) could include
their inability to find feasible alternative accommodation once a sale is
ordered due to the low price their property might fetch.

(d) The potential prejudice that creditors might face in each of the two
abovementioned scenarios.

(e) Whether there is sufficient time and opportunity given to source for
alternative accommodation.

27 If the property is being used as a family home, any exceptional and
irremediable hardship to the family should also be considered.

28 With this in mind, I now turn to the facts of this present case.

Application

29 As in a majority of cases, the single most valuable asset belonging to the
Bankrupt is the home which he occupies along with various other individuals,
including the respondent. The present fact scenario brings into play two
mutually exclusive interests. On one side is the claim of the unsecured
creditor, the SSC, which has been kept waiting for more than three years since
the Bankruptcy Order was made in August 2016. On the other side is the general
concern that hardship should not be visited upon individuals like the
respondent who are, in the main, innocent victims of the Bankrupt’s financial
misfortune.

30 It did not escape my attention that the Property is currently being used as
a family home for the respondent, the Bankrupt, their two sons, their
daughter-in-law, their grandson and their domestic helper (collectively, the
“present occupants”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit at [12].

It was also undisputed that the respondent is essentially an “innocent party”:
she was not involved in the affairs that led to her husband’s bankruptcy, nor
did she receive any benefit from the dispute between the Bankrupt and the SSC
that gave rise to his debt. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Respondent’s Submissions at [28].

Prejudice to the respondent and other third parties

31 I first considered the prejudice that would be occasioned to the respondent
and her family should a sale be ordered. In my view, this is minimal and has
been ameliorated in part by the long period of time since the making of the
Bankruptcy Order.

32 The respondent claimed that the prejudice suffered by her and her family
would outweigh that suffered by the unsecured creditor, the SSC. This stems
from her sentimental attachment to the Property, the inconvenience and
expenses of purchasing a new home, the likely impossibility of finding an
“equivalent property in the same area” 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Respondent’s Submissions at [29].

and the potential fragmentation of her family if the new home is unable to
house the present occupants. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Respondent’s Submissions at [22].

In contrast, while the SSC would not be able to reclaim the debt owed, there
was no indication that it was in dire need of financial assistance or that it
required the moneys for any purpose. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Respondent’s Submissions at [31].

33 I did not agree. As a preliminary point, the repayment of creditors is
based on their right to the moneys and not solely based on their need for it.
Here, the expected sale proceeds (even on the conservative estimate) of $5.7
million would be more than sufficient to pay off both DBS and the SSC. The
Bankrupt and the respondent would be left with approximately $300,000 and
$2.15 million respectively.

34 The above sums combined would be more than sufficient to purchase
alternative accommodation to house the present occupants. While the new
accommodation might not be as spacious, similarly located or as luxurious as
the Property, downsizing to pay off creditors is one of the ordinary and
unfortunate consequences that bankrupts visit upon their family members.

35 While I appreciated that the respondent has lived in the Property for more
than 40 years and wishes to retain it for her children, this is insufficient
on its own to forestall a sale. This is a “sentimental attachment which
bordered on a luxury” which the Bankrupt’s creditors are not obliged to
indulge her in (Abdul Razak Valibhoy and another v Abdul Rahim Valibhoy and
others [1995] 1 SLR(R) 441 at [19]).

36 In any event, the respondent’s sentimental attachment to the Property was
not as strong as she claimed. The respondent and the Bankrupt had previously
allowed the Property to be listed on a property listing site in 2013. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicants’ 2nd Joint Affidavit at [8]–[10], Exhibit CL - 12 at p 12.

During the hearing, parties were at odds about the facts surrounding the
property listing. Without delving too deeply into the veracity of the
different versions of facts, I noted the respondent’s claim that she never
intended to sell the Property and only listed it on propertyguru.com.sg out of
curiosity to find out its worth. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

2nd Affidavit of Ooh Chhooi Ngoi Bibiana (29 October 2019) (“Respondent’s 2nd
Affidavit”) at [6(b)].

However, she also conceded in her affidavit that she wanted “to find out what
the Property was worth at that time” 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ibid.

and she “would at the very least only have considered selling if the selling
price was truly too good to refuse”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Respondent’s 2nd Affidavit at [7].

This being the case, her objection to the sale is “more a matter of money than
of principle” (Su Emmanuel at [60]).

Prejudice suffered by the unsecured creditor, SSC

37 I then considered the interests of the SSC and the potential prejudice in
the event that a sale of the Property is not ordered. I found that this would
be substantial prejudice that is incapable of remedy by any alternative means.

38 A failure to order a sale of the Property would mean that the unsecured
creditor, the SSC would never be able to reclaim the amount owed to it
together with any accrued interest. The Bankrupt is 74 years of age and, based
on an Individual Insolvency Administration search, he has not received a net
income since 10 August 2016. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicants’ 1st Joint Affidavit, Exhibit CL - 4 at p 43.

His other assets in the bankruptcy estate total $39,511.91 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ibid.

and would not make a dent in his very large debt owed to the SSC. To disallow
the sale would mean that the SSC would have no way of reclaiming its debt plus
interest and correspondingly allow the Bankrupt to evade his entire debt
obligation.

Balancing of various factors

39 After considering the prejudice caused to the creditors, the respondent and
the other occupants of the family home, I was satisfied that the balance lies
firmly in favour of ordering the sale of the Property. The prejudice caused to
the SSC as the sole unsecured creditor is significant and continues to
accumulate as the delay in repayment stretches. A failure to order the sale
would also allow the Bankrupt to evade a large chunk of his bankruptcy
obligations.

40 In contrast, the respondent would receive approximately $2.15 million from
her share of the sale proceeds from the Property. Even without considering the
approximately $300,000 surplus left over to the Bankrupt after fully
discharging all his debts, the respondent’s share of $2.15 million is more
than sufficient to purchase a large HDB flat (eg, a five room HDB flat or a
three generation HDB flat) to fit the needs of the seven individuals in her
family and pay for all the attendant fees incurred in the purchase of an
alternative family home.

41 Even if I have underestimated the prejudice caused to the respondent and
her family, I remain assured in my decision by the fact that the respondent
and all the other occupants have been given ample time to make alternative
accommodation arrangements.

42 At the time of the hearing, more than three years have passed since the
making of the Bankruptcy Order. The PTIBs and previously, the OA had
repeatedly sought to contact the Bankrupt and the respondent to discuss ways
in which the bankrupt could pay off his debts to the SSC (see [6] and [7]
above).

43 I pause at this juncture to add that if only a short amount of time, eg,
less than a year had elapsed between the making of the Bankruptcy Order and
the present application, I might have been prepared to delay the sale of the
Property in order to allow the respondent and her family to make reasonable
and orderly arrangements to sort out their affairs so as to minimise the
inevitable hardship and distress that come with losing their home.

44 I note that such a position has also been taken in the UK as a way to
balance the competing interests of a bankrupt’s family and his creditors in
the context of a family home. Under s 335A(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c
45) (UK) (“UK Insolvency Act”), the court is empowered to make an order for
the sale of land upon the application of a trustee in bankruptcy if it “thinks
just and reasonable” after having regard to the interests of creditors, the
bankrupt’s family and all the circumstances of the case. However, s 335A(3) of
the UK Insolvency Act states that:

Where such an application is made after the end of the period of one year
beginning with the first vesting … of the bankrupt’s estate in a trustee, the
court shall assume, unless the circumstances of the case are exceptional, that
the interests of the bankrupt’s creditors outweigh all other considerations.

[emphasis added]

45 That said, my remarks at [43] should not be taken as a license for a
trustee in bankruptcy or the OA to be unnecessarily tardy in making an
application for the sale of a bankrupt’s home especially in a situation where
the interest rate ordered in the judgment sum payable to the SSC is well above
the current interest rate for fixed deposits with the local banks. Per s 121A
of the Bankruptcy Act, after the debts and expenses of the bankruptcy have
been paid, any surplus is to go towards paying the accumulated interest on the
bankruptcy debts before returning to the bankrupt. This means that the longer
the time taken for a trustee in bankruptcy or the OA to bring an application
for sale, the greater the accumulated interest owed by the bankrupt. Undue
delay in a case, particularly when the bankrupt’s family does not object to a
sale by the trustee in bankruptcy or the OA, would also cause hardship to the
bankrupt’s family as they would have to live under a prolonged state of
uncertainty as to whether they would be evicted from their homes.

Conclusion

46 The sole unsecured creditor, the SSC, has already waited for more than
three years to reclaim its debt. It cannot be expected to wait ad infinitum
for the Bankrupt and the respondent to be ready to sell the Property,
especially when the prejudice to the respondent is outweighed by the grave and
continuing financial prejudice to the SSC.

47 In light of the above, I found that it was necessary and expedient to order
the sale of the Property under s 18(2) read with para 2 of the First Schedule
to the SCJA and so ordered. The PTIBs are to have conduct of the sale and the
sale proceeds are to be remitted to the Bankrupt and the respondent in equal
shares after deducting the expenses connected with the sale and the repayment
of the outstanding mortgage. The sale proceeds remitted to the Bankrupt are to
form a part of the estate of the Bankrupt.

48 Costs including disbursements and GST to be fixed at $5,800 and paid by the
respondent to the PTIBs.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Chang Man Phing Jenny, Lim Xian Yong Alvin and Joel Tieh Wenjun
(WongPartnership LLP) for the applicants;  
Seah Zhen Wei Paul and Kang Weisheng Geraint Edward (Tan Kok Quan Partnership)
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

