Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS OF THE republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCF 10

District Court Appeal No 104 of 2019

Between

VBS

… Appellant

And

VBR

… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Family Law] — [Custody] — [Access]

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VBS

  
v

  

VBR

[2020] SGHCF 10

High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal No 104 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
27 February, 24 June, 13 July 2020

3 August 2020

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The wife, a 41-year-old yoga teacher, and the husband, a 43-year-old
programme manager, obtained a divorce after 11 years of marriage. The divorce
was uncontested but the ancillary matters (“AM”) were acrimonious. After the
AM hearing below, the District Judge granted the wife sole care and control of
their two children, a 9-year-old daughter and an 11-year old son, with liberal
access to the husband. The wife was to receive 46% of the total matrimonial
pool of approximately $425,000, as well as maintenance from the husband in the
lump sum of $7,200. The husband was also ordered to pay monthly maintenance to
the daughter and the son in the sum of $470 and $500 respectively, and to bear
the cost of their enrichment tuition and medical coverage. The wife appealed
against all of the District Judge’s orders.

2 The wife, who wanted me to revoke the husband’s weekday access, described
the husband as a violent and dangerous man who suffered from unpredictable
mood swings owing to his addiction to alcohol. She also submitted that the
husband had neglected the children’s medical needs and had repeatedly failed
to make payment for the children’s medical expenses.

3 However, the wife did not tender any evidence of the husband’s supposed
alcoholism. There was also no evidence of the husband’s alleged medical
neglect. While the husband had insisted that the wife pay for the children’s
medical expenses upfront before reimbursing her for the same, I did not think
that such requests were capable of evincing neglect on his part. As for the
husband’s violent temperament, the only documentary evidence of this fact was
a series of medical reports from 2018 stating that the son had suffered a
suspected right ear injury which had apparently been caused by the husband
slapping him over his right ear. After this incident, the wife had applied for
Personal Protection Orders for the benefit of the children, but her
applications were dismissed. The District Judge, who had all of these facts
before her, arrived at the conclusion that there was no need to curtail the
husband’s access. I saw no reason to overturn this order.

4 Nor was there any reason for me to overturn the order of joint custody. The
husband seems to be interested in the children’s education and long-term
welfare. He may not have been as involved in the children’s day-to-day lives
as the wife, but I accept that he has made efforts to spend time with the
children and was not the “uninvolved father” the wife claims. An order of
joint custody is an important reminder to both parents that they should
continue to cooperate with each other in their children’s upbringing.

5 My findings on this issue were fortified by the husband’s and wife’s conduct
during the Circuit Breaker period. Unsurprisingly, the wife and the husband
had taken diametrically opposing stances in relation to the question of how
the Circuit Breaker restrictions ought to affect their access arrangements.
The wife accused the husband of breaching the Circuit Breaker restrictions.
Conversely, the husband alleged that the wife used the Circuit Breaker as an
excuse to deny him access to the children. In view of the Registry’s
clarification to the parties that access arrangements could continue despite
the Circuit Breaker restrictions, I find the wife’s continued attempts to
prevent the husband from meeting the children unreasonable. It appeared that
she was adamant on excluding the husband from the children’s lives altogether
and thus, the District Judge’s joint custody order should be upheld.

6 On the division of the matrimonial assets, the wife’s main complaint was
that the District Judge had incorrectly drawn an adverse inference against her
for failing to make full and frank disclosure of three assets, namely, her
yoga business and her interest in two Indian housing society properties (ie,
the “Telecom” and “BNSL” properties). An adverse inference should not be drawn
unless (a) there is a substratum of evidence that establishes a prima facie
case against a party against whom the inference is to be drawn; and (b) the
party has had some particular access to the information he or she is said to
be hiding (see BOR v BOS and another appeal [2018] SGCA 78 at [75]). In
relation to the yoga business, I accept that the wife may not have issued
receipts or invoices to her participants but this was not a valid reason for
her refusal to disclose other supporting documents, such as the handwritten
diary which she claimed she had kept to show “who paid when”, during the
discovery process. In relation to the Telecom and BNSL properties, the wife
tendered her e-mail exchanges with the housing societies’ representatives to
show that the sites of these properties had not yet been allotted in her name.
Although she admitted to having some kind of ‘booking interest’ in these
properties, the details of these remain unclear to-date and were in any event
not disclosed during discovery. All in all, I was of the view that the wife
had not been as cooperative and forthcoming during the discovery process as
she should have, and that the adverse inference against her had been
justifiably drawn.

7 There is no reason to draw an adverse inference against the husband. The
wife’s submissions on this point consisted of bare allegations without any
form of documentary support. The crux of the wife’s contention was that the
husband had diverted $235,000 of his savings to his mother without disclosing
the same. However, she was unable to adduce any evidence of this fact.

8 I am also of the view that there is no reason to adjust the proportions of
direct and indirect matrimonial contributions by the parties. The direct
contributions consisted of the parties’ contributions to the following
matrimonial assets:

(a) the matrimonial flat;

(b) a joint bank account in the joint names of the parties;

(c) monies in bank accounts, CPF monies and insurance policies held in the
wife’s name; and

(d) monies in bank accounts, CPF monies, insurance policies, shares, unit
trusts and an Indian property (ie, the “Gomti Greens” property) held in the
husband’s name.

9 The wife objected to the ratio of contributions to the matrimonial home, the
Gomti Greens property, and the shares held in the husband’s name.

10 I agree with the District Judge that the evidence suggested that the
husband had contributed 51% while the wife had contributed 49% to the
matrimonial home. I was unable to accept the wife’s position that the parties
should be held to have contributed equally to the acquisition of the flat just
because they had “mutually consented on owning the flat in joint cooperation”
and had “put in each of the resources they had at best”. Following the
structured approach in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043, the court’s role at this
stage was to ascertain the extent of the financial contributions which each
party had made towards the matrimonial assets in question. The degree of
cooperation which the parties had exhibited was not relevant to this
particular inquiry.

11 In relation to the Gomti Greens property, the wife claimed that the ratio
of her contributions should be increased from 50% to 93.5% because the husband
had “deceitfully” taken out a sum of $70,052 from her bank account and used it
for the purchase of the property. I agree with the District Judge that the
wife’s submissions on this point were speculative in nature and that her
position had not remained consistent throughout the course of these
proceedings. I therefore do not think that the wife has proven, on a balance
of probabilities, that she had paid for 93.5% of the Gomti Greens Property.

12 In relation to the shares and unit trusts held in the husband’s name, the
wife asserted that husband had taken about $12,000 from her account and had
used this sum to invest in the shares without her knowledge. Although it
appeared that a sum of $2,000 had indeed been transferred from the wife’s bank
account to the husband’s bank account on one occasion, there was no evidence
before me or in the decision below to suggest that (a) the money had been
transferred without the wife’s consent, or that (b) the husband had used these
monies to invest in shares for himself. The husband clarified in the
proceedings below that the wife’s monies had been used to fund the parties’
joint investments in India, and adduced bank statements to show that he had
subsequently repaid her for the amounts he had transferred. I preferred the
husband’s account as the wife’s contentions on this point were completely
unsubstantiated.

13 Accordingly, I saw no reason to disturb the District Judge’s finding that
the husband had made direct contributions of 64% towards the total matrimonial
pool while the wife had made direct contributions of 36%.

14 As for the indirect contributions, the wife sought an uplift in the
percentage of her contributions from 60% to 70%. I accept that the wife is
responsible mother who attends to her family’s needs. However, I am satisfied
that the husband has also made substantial financial and non-financial
contributions to the marriage. Although the wife claimed to have earned more
than the husband from 2010 to 2015, it was unlikely that she could have borne
the bulk of the family’s expenses without the husband’s financial support.
There was also no evidence to suggest that the husband had (as the wife
claims) abandoned all familial responsibilities during the parties’ 11 years
of marriage. I thus agree with the District Judge that the ratio of the
parties’ indirect contributions ought to be 40:60 in favour of the wife, and
that the final ratio (taking into consideration the adverse inference, the
parties’ respective financial and non-financial contributions, and the factors
enumerated under s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed)) ought to
be 54:46 in favour of the husband.

15 I now come to the maintenance of the children. The wife estimated that the
children’s expenses should add up to a total of $5,048 a month, as opposed to
the sum of $2,818 which the District Judge had arrived at in the decision
below. She further contended that the husband should pay for the children’s
expenses in full as he would have borne these expenses in any event. In my
view, the expenses set out by the wife were excessive. For instance, she had
estimated the expenses for toiletries and birthdays to be $100 per child. I
find this to be unnecessary since birthday expenses are of a non-recurring
nature and the District Judge had already allocated a sum of $95 per child for
‘household expenses’. Moreover, I disagree that the husband should bear 100%
of the children’s expenses. Contrary to what the wife had suggested, I do not
think that the husband would have solely borne the financial burden of the
children’s expenses if the marriage had not broken down. Given that the
husband was already paying for the children’s medical insurance and enrichment
classes directly, it was not unreasonable to expect the wife to continue to
bear 30% of the children’s expenses.

16 I do not accept the wife’s contention that she should be entitled to
monthly maintenance of not less than $2,500 for the next five years. Although
the wife claimed to be earning about $600 to $800 a month as a yoga teacher, I
noted that she was teaching yoga by choice and was not incapable of seeking
employment in a position with a higher income. Taking into consideration all
relevant factors, including the wife’s earning capacity, previous standard of
living and my decision on the division of matrimonial assets, I see no reason
to overturn the District Judge’s decision to award the wife maintenance in the
lump sum of $7,200.

17 The husband sought to vary Clause 7 of the AM Order, which provided that
the parties’ matrimonial flat would be sold on the open market if it was not
transferred within three months of the date of final judgment, and that the
difference between $119,500 and the net sale proceeds of the property (“the
Ordered Amount”) should thereafter be transferred from the husband’s CPF
account to the wife’s CPF account. The husband inquired if Clause 7 could be
amended to allow for the transfer of the Ordered Amount to be made from more
than one of his CPF accounts, in the following proportions:

(a) 34% from his Ordinary Account

(b) 33% from his Special Account; and

(c) 33% from his Medisave Account.

18 The wife did not oppose this request and I thus allowed the husband’s
application, subject to the CPF Board’s regulations.

19 To summarise, my orders are as follows:

(a) The wife’s appeal in DCA 104/2019 is dismissed.

(b) Clause 7 of the AM Order is varied as follows: “If the matrimonial flat is
not transferred within 3 months of the date of final judgement, then the
matrimonial flat shall be sold on the open market within nine (9) months of
the date of Final Judgement and the net sale proceeds, if any, after repayment
of the outstanding mortgage and interest, CPF refunds, costs and expenses
relating to the sale including agent’s commission, shall be paid to the
Defendant. The Defendant shall thereafter be entitled to a total amount of
$119,500, and the difference between $119,500 and the net sale proceeds paid
to the Defendant as abovestated shall be transferred, in the proportions
specified below, from the Plaintiff’s CPF accounts to the Defendant’s CPF
account(s):

(i) 34% from the Plaintiff’s Ordinary Account;

(ii) 33% from the Plaintiff’s Special Account, and

(iii) 33% from the Plaintiff’s Medisave Account.

The parties shall have joint conduct of sale of the matrimonial flat.”

(c) There shall be no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Appellant in-person;  
Respondent in-person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

