Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 137

Suit No 806 of 2018

(Summons No 1431 of 2020)

Between

Chan Pik Sun

… Plaintiff

And

(1) Wan Hoe Keet (Wen Haojie)

(2) Ho Sally

(3) Ho Hao Tian Sebastian

(4) Strategic Wealth Consultancy Pte Ltd

(formerly known as SW4U Consultancy Pte Ltd)

… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Injunctions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chan Pik Sun

  

v

  

Wan Hoe Keet and others

[2020] SGHC 137

High Court — Suit No 806 of 2018 (Summons No 1431 of 2020)  
Choo Han Teck J  
18 June 2020

6 July 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is from Hong Kong and, according to her counsel, is about 60
years old. She is suing the four defendants for about S$7.4m equivalent in HKD
being money she invested under an investment scheme known as “SureWin4U”.
Almost needless to say, she lost all her money.

2 The 4th defendant is allegedly the company through which “SureWin4U” was
run. The 1st and 2nd defendants are from Singapore and are married to each
other. They live with their child in a property (“Property”) that they jointly
own. The plaintiff alleges that she dealt directly with the 1st and 2nd
defendants although the main person behind the scheme and the 4th defendant,
is apparently a man named Ong Kean Swan (“Peter Ong”). Strangely, Peter Ong
himself is not being sued in this action. The 3rd defendant is the brother of
the 2nd defendant. He appears to be a go-between and general orderly for Peter
Ong, and is described by the plaintiff as the 1st and 2nd defendant’s agent.

3 Before me, the plaintiff is applying for a Mareva injunction against the 1st
and 2nd defendants to prevent them from disposing of their assets (including
the Property) up to the amount of S$13,105,630.68, even though the plaintiff’s
claim is for only about S$7.4m.

4 Although the plaintiff describes the episode as a “Ponzi” scheme, the exact
nature of its structure and who was involved in its nefarious aspects will not
be known till trial. Not all “Ponzi” schemes are the same - if we are, in
fact, dealing with one.

5 From the affidavits filed so far, it does appear that the plaintiff had
given a lot of money for a dubious and incredible form of investment. It
appears that the plaintiff was led to believe that if she invested her money
into the “SureWin4U” scheme, the money would be given to professional gamblers
to gamble at casinos with.

6 The plaintiff was persuaded by the claim that these professional gamblers
would use a special method for playing baccarat (devised by Peter Ong) that
would ensure a success rate of between 99.8% and 100%. She would, it was
claimed, gain returns of up to 18% on her capital in this way. This percentage
keeps changing throughout the plaintiff’s affidavits and her counsel’s
submissions.

7 As she got deeper and deeper into the scheme, she was told that the company
had other means of increasing her wealth. To this end, she was invited to
attend “SureWin4U” conferences in various venues in different countries.
There, she would meet other investors and listen to talks by Peter Ong
regarding his secret method of winning at casinos.

8 These details will be relevant for trial, but it is necessary in this
application to refer to another project that was proposed to the plaintiff,
which enticed her to invest more of her money into the “SureWin4U” scheme.
This was the call to invest in real estate property in Detroit in the United
States. It is not known which properties were involved, or what were the
valuations for them. Detroit at the material time was not known to be a
lucrative market for property investors. Nonetheless, without more, the
plaintiff invested in the Detroit properties and as could almost certainly be
foreseen, she lost that money as well.

9 The plaintiff’s case against the 1st and 2nd defendants is that they “made
representations to [her] which deceived her into investing in SureWin4U”. She
alleges that Peter Ong was the CEO of “SureWin4U”, but the 1st and 2nd
defendants “were very close and had direct regular communication” with him.

10 The plaintiff alleges that by their conduct, the 1st and 2nd defendants had
held themselves out as “leaders of SureWin4U” and “trusted partners of [Peter
Ong]”. To stress the importance of the 1st and 2nd defendants’ role, the
plaintiff says that the two defendants promoted the properties in Detroit to
her.

11 The plaintiff alleges that the 1st and 2nd defendants were performing so
well in the syndicate that they were rewarded with a Ferrari and a yacht. The
facts behind this are murky at this point. The 1st defendant explained in his
affidavit that Peter Ong paid about one-third of the Ferrari’s purchase price,
with the 2nd defendant and him paying for the remainder. He also explained
that Peter Ong gave them the full purchase price of the yacht in cash, and
they made the payment using the 4th defendant’s bank account. The exact
transactions may have to be explored at trial — if they are proved to be
materially relevant.

12 The relevant matter at this moment is that the schemes by “SureWin4U”
envisage that investors bring other investors to join in the merriment of
wonderful investments with high returns.

13 The investors are given ranking statuses judged by the number of investors
they bring to the scheme. Hence, the 1st and 2nd defendants who had been in
the scheme for a year or two, were given the accolade “seven-star agents”. The
plaintiff herself, in a much shorter time, had risen to achieve the award of
“five-star agent” and was told by Peter Ong that she was on the verge of
becoming a “seven-star agent”.

14 Finally, according to the plaintiff, investments in and through “SureWin4U”
were made by purchasing “ying-bi” at the fixed exchange rates listed on the
“SureWin4U” website. If an investor wishes to purchase “Ying Bi”, she pays
S$1.38 for one “ying-bi”. If she is selling “ying-bi”, the going rate is
S$1.20 for one “ying-bi”. What is this “ying-bi”? The “ying-bi” is the fantasy
currency created by Peter Ong. He is the central bank of the “ying-bi”.

15 Taiwanese news media reported on 10 September 2014 that Taiwanese police
had uncovered a fraudulent scheme known as “SureWin4U”. A man known as Chen
Jin Teng, who was allegedly the scheme’s representative in Taiwan, was
arrested. The revelation of this news created panic among the investors.

16 The plaintiff sought the 1st and 2nd defendants to help her recover her
investments. The 1st and 2nd defendants themselves, according to the 1st
defendant’s affidavit, were in a state of shock. They went to consult lawyers,
and then held a meeting among the investors.

17 The investors, including the plaintiff, but not the 1st and 2nd defendants,
then went to the casinos themselves in an attempt to recover their losses by
using the “100% success rate method” that they were taught at Peter Ong’s
seminars. After losing more money at the casinos, the investors realised that
they did not comprehend how the method worked in the first place.

18 Hence, the plaintiff brought this action to recover her losses from the
defendants. She hopes, by this present application, to stop the 1st and 2nd
defendants from dissipating their assets.

19 A Mareva injunction may be granted if the court is satisfied that there is
credible evidence that a defendant is attempting to dissipate her assets such
that there will be little or nothing for a successful plaintiff to recover
should she win the suit. Until the trial is over, it will not be certain
whether the plaintiff will succeed, and therefore, a Mareva injunction is not
to be used to insure the plaintiff. At this stage of the action, the plaintiff
and defendants stand on equally uncertain terms.

20 The plaintiff here claims that the 1st and 2nd defendants were dissipating
their assets by their attempt to sell their Property. Mr Cavinder Bull SC,
counsel for the 1st and 2nd defendants, pointed out that the 1st and 2nd
defendants had listed their Property for sale before the “SureWin4U” scam was
discovered. Their son had completed secondary school and they no longer need
to stay near the school. More importantly, although the Property was put on
sale more than a year ago, it has not been sold because there have been no
buyers willing to pay the asking price. Even if sold, the mere conversion of
an asset to another form in itself is not sufficient proof of dissipation.

21 That brings us to the second point that Mr Bull SC raised. He submitted
correctly, that a plaintiff seeking a Mareva injunction must act in good time.
This application was made on 24 March 2020 after the action was filed on 15
August 2018. When both sides have a good arguable case, evidence of
dissipation and prompt action become more significant factors.

22 In response, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Lok Vi Ming SC, submitted that
he had been busy in getting the injunction against his acting for the
plaintiff discharged (see Originating Summons No 13 of 2019). I am not
convinced that this was a justifiable reason for not acting more swiftly. The
plaintiff could have been advised to apply through another solicitor as this
was a stand-alone application. Secondly, Originating Summons No 13 of 2019 was
only a brief interlude after the writ was filed. Mr Lok SC, surely cannot be
saying that he placed the priority of keeping his brief over that of advancing
the plaintiff’s more pressing need to secure a Mareva injunction.

23 More importantly, the 1st and 2nd defendants’ conduct did not indicate that
they had been rushing to dissipate their assets. People who are rushing to
dissipate their assets do not dally in the way they did.

24 Finally, from the plaintiff’s perspective, the 1st and 2nd defendants were
equal participants with Peter Ong in the “SureWin4U” scheme to defraud her of
her money. From the 1st and 2nd defendants’ perspective, they were no less
victims of the scam than the plaintiff. For them, the trial may perhaps
determine which party had been the more foolish, and whether the lesser one
has a cause of action against the other. The trial will probably reveal even
more facts and facets of this case, but I am presently not satisfied that
there are sufficient grounds to grant the plaintiff a Mareva injunction.

25 The application was heard by me on 18 June 2020 and judgment was reserved
with leave to the 1st defendant to file an affidavit by 23 June 2020. Mr Lok
SC later wrote to the registrar, asking for leave to file an affidavit to
raise further issues in respect of the ownership of the yacht (mentioned in
[11] above), and objecting to paragraph 10 of the 1st defendant’s affidavit
filed on 22 June 2020. It had transpired that the 1st and 2nd defendants had
sold the yacht, and paragraph 10 stated what they did with the sale proceeds.
They apparently paid $190,000 towards the mortgage for their Property, and
$415,836 to their previous solicitors. I had asked for this information since,
as I mentioned, the mere conversion of an asset to another form in itself does
not show dissipation, and what is important is whether the converted asset is
still in the defendants’ hands. What Mr Lok SC wanted, however, was not to
respond to paragraph 10, but merely to “record his objection…as this was not
within the scope of [my] directions”. As I have already indicated, this is
incorrect. As far as the ownership of the yacht is concerned, I do not think
the issue is sufficiently important to justify potentially endless replies
from both parties; what is important, and already in evidence, is what the 1st
and 2nd defendants did with the proceeds from the sale of the yacht. I do not
need further affidavits about the yacht and its history at this stage, bearing
in mind that this is an application for a Mareva injunction.

26 For the reasons above, I am of the view that the injunction sought should
be refused and this application is therefore dismissed with costs reserved.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Lok Vi Ming SC, Lee Sien Liang Joseph, Muk Chen Yeen Jonathan and Tan Yan Ting
Tanya (LVM Law Chambers LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Cavinder Bull SC (instructed counsel), Lin Shumin and Ho Wei Wen Daryl (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the first and second defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

