Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 01

Civil Appeal No 134 of 2019

Between

| BZD  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| BZE  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 135 of 2019

Between

| BZD  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| BZE  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

ex tempore judgment

[Family law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife] — [Variation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BZD  
v  
BZE

[2020] SGCA 01

15 January 2020

Steven Chong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Facts

1 The two present appeals arise from cross-applications by both former husband
and wife to vary a maintenance order issued on 30 November 2010 (the
“Maintenance Order”) pursuant to s 118 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009
Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”).

2 The parties were married in 1996. The husband is a British national. He was
a banker during the marriage and remains so at present. The wife is a
Taiwanese national. She was a homemaker throughout the marriage and has not
sought employment since the divorce. The husband filed his writ for divorce on
7 September 2007. Interim judgment was granted on 7 March 2008, which was made
final on 10 January 2011. The parties have two children to the marriage and
were granted shared care and control of them. The son is currently 17 years
old and is studying at a boarding school in the UK. The daughter is 19 years
old and is studying at a university in the UK.

3 On 30 November 2010, Kan Ting Chiu J issued the Maintenance Order. Clause 5
of the order essentially provides that:

(a) The husband shall pay the wife a sum of $6,400 per month being her
maintenance ($3,500 for her personal expenses, $2,500 for rent, and $400 for
maid expenses);

(b) The husband shall pay the wife a sum of $600 per month being maintenance
contribution for the children for the period they are with her;

(c) The husband shall pay for the air fare expenses for the two children for
two visits to Taiwan per year;

(d) The husband shall pay the wife holiday expenses in respect of the children
at $1,000 for both children per visit to Taiwan;

(e) The husband shall pay for all the children’s educational and medical
expenses;

(f) All maintenance payment shall commence from 1 March 2011.

4 In SUM 609 of 2019 (“SUM 609”), the husband sought to vary cll 5(a) and (b)
of the Maintenance Order, such that first, there shall be no maintenance for
the wife; and second, that parties shall be solely responsible for the
children’s day to day living expenses during their respective periods of care
and control. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”), Vol 2, p 4–5.

The basis for the husband’s application under s 118 of the Women’s Charter was
essentially twofold. First, both children have moved to the UK to study and
this resulted in a substantial increase in the educational expenses borne by
the husband; second, the wife has become very wealthy since the issuance of
the Maintenance Order as she now owns two private condominiums. The wife
opposed the application on a number of grounds, highlighting inter alia that
the husband’s income has also increased substantially and there is simply no
issue of him not being able to afford the increased educational expenses. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s written submissions (“DWS”) dated 29 May 2019, para 20.

5 In SUM 1722 of 2019 (“SUM 1722”), the wife sought two variations to the
Maintenance Order. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ACB, Vol 2, p 6–7.

First, that the husband pay the wife an increased sum of $10,100 per month
being her maintenance with effect from 1 August 2019; second, that the husband
pay for her international relocation costs from Singapore to the UK as well as
her flight tickets for the relocation, and costs of her application. The
material change of circumstances relied upon by the wife was the “need for
[her] to move to the UK and to reside there in order to stay close to and be
with the children who are both going to be there”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

DWS dated 29 May 2019, para 28.

In this regard, it was undisputed that the wife would no longer be able to
remain in Singapore past 20 February 2020 because her long-term visit pass,
which is tagged to the children’s terms of study in Singapore, would have
expired. In addition, in response to the husband’s contentions that she was
capable of earning her own upkeep, the wife asserted that she was unable to
work due to several medical conditions including depression and anxiety.

Decision below

6 The trial judge (“the Judge”) allowed the husband’s application in SUM 609
in part. She was satisfied that the increase in educational expenses of the
children as a result of them moving to the UK constitutes a material change of
circumstances that justifies variation of the Maintenance Order in accordance
with s 118 of the Women’s Charter. She also noted that the wife was no longer
paying for rental or a maid. The Judge thus held that the Maintenance Order
was to be varied in two ways:

(a) That the rental component of $2,500 per month and the maid component of
$400 per month shall cease with effect from 1 August 2019; and

(b) That the husband shall continue to pay to the wife the $3,500 per month
for her personal expenses and the $600 per month for any period she spends
with the children up to 1 February 2020 only.

Notably, the Judge stated that the fact that the husband has had a pay rise
since the issuance of the Maintenance Order does not per se mean that he
should thus increase or continue to pay maintenance to the wife. Furthermore,
the Judge also stated that there was no evidence that the wife is unable to
support herself and contribute towards her own upkeep after having received
maintenance for approximately 11 years.

7 The Judge dismissed the wife’s application in SUM 1722 to increase the
maintenance payable on the basis that it was speculative since there was no
evidence of the wife having taken any steps to move to the UK. She also found
that the wife’s decision to move to the UK was a self-induced change of
circumstances that was unreasonable having regard to the circumstances.

8 CA 134 of 2019 is the wife’s appeal against the Judge’s decision to dismiss
the wife’s application in SUM 1722 while CA 135 of 2019 is the main appeal by
the wife against the Judge’s decision to allow the husband’s application in
SUM 609, effectively terminating maintenance payments to her for her personal
expenses as well as the expenses during the time spent with the children. The
wife is not appealing against the decision as regards rental and maid
expenses.

Decision on the appeals

9 The starting point in determining the appeals is s 118 of the Women’s
Charter which reads:

Power of court to vary orders for maintenance

118. The court may at any time vary or rescind any subsisting order for maintenance, whether secured or unsecured, on the application of the person in whose favour or of the person against whom the order was made, or, in respect of secured maintenance, of the legal personal representatives of the latter, where it is satisfied that the order was based on any misrepresentation or mistake of fact or where there has been any material change in the circumstances.

10 The only ground engaged in the present appeals is that of material change
in the circumstances. For a variation to be allowed, the material change
alleged must relate to the circumstances prevailing at the time when the
Maintenance Order was made: ATS v ATT [2016] SGHC 196 (“ATS”) at [10]. The
court would thus examine whether:

(a) Such change being alleged is a change from circumstances prevailing during
the ancillary matters hearing;

(b) Such change arose after the ancillary matters hearing; and

(c) Such change is sufficient enough to satisfy the court that a variation of
maintenance is necessitated.

CA 135 of 2019

11 Having considered all the circumstances, we allow the wife’s appeal against
the removal of the monthly payment for her personal expenses of $3,500 and
$600 for the time she spends with the children with effect from 1 February
2020. While the increase in educational expenses constitutes a change of the
circumstances prevailing during the hearing for the Maintenance Order, we do
not consider it to be a material change considering all the circumstances.

12 There is no doubt there has been a significant increase of $6,374 per month
in the children’s educational expenses as a result of the children moving to
study in the UK. Equally, it is undisputed that the husband’s salary has
increased substantially since the Maintenance Order. At the time of the
ancillary matters hearing in 2010, the husband’s income (inclusive of bonuses)
works out to $65,788 per month approximately. As of 2017, the evidence shows
that the husband’s income (inclusive of bonuses) is $90,760 per month.

13 The question then is whether the fact that the husband’s income has
increased substantially beyond that of the increase in the children’s
educational expenses, it can still be said that there is a material change in
the circumstances. In our view, the answer must be in the negative for two
reasons.

14 First, in examining the question of material change in circumstances, the
inquiry is not simply whether there has been any material change per se since
the Maintenance Order. The change must be sufficiently material such that it
is no longer fair to expect the status quo to remain. In this regard, it is
relevant to examine whether there has been any change in the husband’s earning
capacity such that given the increase in his expenses, it is no longer fair to
expect the husband to bear the increased expenses without any corresponding
adjustment to the maintenance for the wife. Here, there is no dispute that the
husband’s increase in income significantly outstrips the increase in the
children’s educational expenses. While the educational expenses borne by the
husband have increased by $6,374 per month, the husband’s monthly income has
increased by around $25,000 since the Maintenance Order. The net increase in
the husband’s monthly income is thus more than $18,000. No suggestion has been
made that the husband is unable to afford the increase in the educational
expenses and indeed the evidence militates against it.

15 Second, the increase in the children’s educational expenses cannot be said
to be unforeseeable. In the first place, the Maintenance Order had stipulated
for the husband to pay for all the children’s educational expenses. At that
point in time, the children were studying in Singapore and the evidence is
that the husband’s employer had been reimbursing the children’s school fees in
full. However, now that the son has enrolled in a boarding school in the UK,
the employer only subsidises the school fees up to the maximum of $14,487 per
annum; the difference is borne by the husband. As for the daughter’s
university fees, they are entirely borne by the husband as no subsidy is given
by the husband’s employer. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 29 May 2019, paras 26–27.

There is no suggestion that this reimbursement policy of the husband’s
employer has changed since the employment contract was signed in July 2001. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s first affidavit dated 31 January 2019, para 20.

The husband must therefore have foreseen that he would have to find means of
independently financing the increased educational expenses resulting from the
children’s move. There is also no suggestion that the children moving to the
UK to pursue their studies was an unexpected and sudden decision. Accordingly,
we do not consider the increased educational expenses to constitute a material
change of the circumstances under s 118 of the Women’s Charter.

16 We also reject the argument that the wife’s wealth has increased materially
since the Maintenance Order. Pursuant to an order dated 19 May 2010, 35% of
the pool of matrimonial assets, being $935,742, was paid to the wife as her
share of the division of assets. Subsequent to the division of the matrimonial
assets, the wife purchased the two following properties, the details of which
are summarised as such: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s first affidavit dated 2 April 2019, para 92.

Property| Estimated current value | Mortgage loan outstanding as of 16 March 2019 | Monthly mortgage payments including interest  
---|---|---|---  
83 Devonshire Road, The Metz, Singapore 239864| $1,350,000| $850,196.20|
$3,868.29  
6 Martin Place, Singapore 237990| $1,320,000| $657,064.56| $4,271.57  
Total| $2,670,000| $1,507,260.76| $8,139.86  
  
The wife lives in the apartment on Devonshire Road and rents out the Martin
Place apartment at $3,800 per month, which she uses to service the mortgage
loan on that property. She has approximately $102,572.40 in cash in her bank
accounts.

17 It is clear that the two properties she owns remained heavily mortgaged and
that the sum of their net values, should they be liquidated, do not constitute
a significant increase from the amount of matrimonial assets she received from
the divorce.

18 Finally, we also reject any suggestion that there is a material change in
circumstances in respect of the wife’s earning capacity or employment. To
begin with, we note that the wife was not working at the time when the
Maintenance Order was made. In resisting the husband’s application for
variation, the wife had argued that she is unable to work due to her ailments.
In this regard, the Judge found the medical report adduced by the wife to be
“thoroughly unhelpful”. While, it is apparent that the question of the wife’s
ability to work was a live issue before the Judge, we find it is unnecessary
to deal with it for the following reasons.

19 In the first place, we do not think that the husband raised the issue of
the wife’s ability to work as a material change of circumstances supporting
his application for variation. At best, there is merely a suggestion by the
husband that the wife can and should obtain employment when she moves back to
Taiwan, where she is guaranteed residency status.

20 In our view, the husband’s submission as regards the wife’s employment
status remains speculative. There is no evidence that the wife has found or is
about to find employment in Taiwan. It cannot be overlooked that the wife has
not been working since the marriage almost 25 years ago. It is therefore not
realistic to expect her to find employment at a level sufficient to displace
the current monthly maintenance which she is receiving from the husband. In
short, there is no evidence of any material change in circumstances vis-à-vis
the wife’s employment status to justify any change in the monthly maintenance
payable to her.

CA 134 of 2019

21 We turn then to the wife’s application to increase the maintenance payable
to her because she intends to relocate to the UK as she is concerned for the
well-being of the children.

22 We find the wife’s appeal to be unmeritorious. We agree with the Judge that
the application is entirely speculative. Till today, there is no evidence
before this court that the wife has taken any steps, preparatory or otherwise,
to move to the UK. Moreover, any such move would be an unreasonable decision
bearing in mind inter alia the fact that the children are now 17 and 19 years
old and are engaged in full-time study on campus. We note that the wife has
not visited the children in the UK since they moved over. Having said that, we
do not think this has any material bearing on the care and control of the
children shared by the parties.

Conclusion

23 Accordingly, we dismiss CA 134 of 2019 and allow CA 135 of 2019. Clauses
5(a) and (b) of the Maintenance Order are hence reinstated to the extent that
the husband shall continue to pay the wife the sum of $3,500 per month
specified for her personal expenses and the sum of $600 per month specified
for any period she spends with the children.

24 As for costs, we order each party to bear their own costs here and below.
The usual consequential orders will apply.

  

Yap Teong Liang and Tan Hui Qing (T L Yap Law Chambers LLC) for the appellant
in CA 134/2019 and CA 135/2019;  
Gill Carrie Kaur and Yap Ying Jie Clement (Eversheds Harry Elias LLP) for the
respondent in CA 134/2019 and CA 135/2019.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

