Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 77

Tribunal Appeal No 22 of 2019

Between

(1)| Harvard Club of Singapore  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| President and Fellows of Harvard College  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Trade Marks and Trade Names] — [Passing off]

[Trade Marks and Trade Names] — [Ownership]

[Trade Marks and Trade Names] — [Grounds for refusal of registration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Harvard Club of Singapore

  
v

  

President and Fellows of Harvard College

[2020] SGHC 77

High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 22 of 2019  
Chan Seng Onn J  
14 February 2020

20 April 2020 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 More than four centuries ago, William Shakespeare famously wrote: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Romeo and Juliet, Act II, Scene II.

What’s in a name? That which we call a rose

By any other name would smell as sweet;

As this case shows, the answer is quite a lot, especially for one as well-
known as Harvard.

2 The present appeal arises from the decision of the learned Principal
Assistant Registrar (“the PAR”) in Harvard Club of Singapore v President and
Fellows of Harvard College [2019] SGIPOS 14 (“the GD”) where the PAR dismissed
the appellant’s opposition to the respondent’s application to register two
trade marks as tabulated below:

S/N| Trade marks| Registration no. | ICGS class and specification   
---|---|---|---  
1| HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE| 40201402804X| Class 41: Club Services [education
or entertainment]  
2| HARVARD UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE| 40201402805W| Class 41: Club Services
[education or entertainment]  
  
3 For ease of reference, I will refer to the subject of trade mark application
Nos. 40201402804X and 40201402805W as the first and second Application Mark
respectively (collectively, “the Application Marks”).

4 After hearing both parties and considering their written submissions, I
dismiss the appeal and allow both trade mark applications to proceed to
registration. These are the reasons for my decision.

Facts

5 I begin with a summary of the basic facts, which are largely taken from the
GD. More detailed discussion of the facts will be set out below where
relevant.

The Parties

6 The appellant, Harvard Club of Singapore, has served the Harvard alumni in
Singapore for close to 50 years. It was registered as a society on 26 May 1969
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Irene Lee Siew Mun’s 1st Statutory Declaration (“SD”) (Lee’s 1st SD) at para
6.

and up until 2015, it was recognised as the only official Harvard alumni club
in Singapore with all the attendant benefits that followed. As the first
Application Mark takes the same name as the appellant, I will refer to the
appellant as “the Club” to avoid any confusion.

7 The respondent, President and Fellows of Harvard College (“the University”),
is the body corporate which constitutes Harvard University. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Enrique Calixto’s 2nd SD (“Calixto’s 2nd SD”) at para 6.

As one of the top ranking universities in the world, the strength of the
“HARVARD” brand is such that Harvard University needs little introduction.
Each academic year, students from more than 125 countries enrol in its
courses, including more than a hundred students from Singapore. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD at [2].

8 The international appeal of Harvard University is not restricted to its
academic prowess. Indeed, as the PAR aptly puts it (GD at [3]):

Part of Harvard University’s attraction lies in the fact that some of the best
and brightest pass through its halls. Graduates enjoy access to alumni
networks through, among other things, various Harvard Clubs. Indeed, with very
limited exceptions, only Harvard graduates may be a member of a Harvard Club.
There are over 195 Harvard Clubs located throughout the world. They are
supported by the Harvard Alumni Association, or “HAA”, an office within the
University.

9 The Harvard Alumni Association (“HAA”) provides support and resources to
official Harvard alumni clubs (“Harvard Clubs”) around the world. In
particular, it operates two key websites:

(a) The Harvard Alumni website (http://alumni.harvard.edu/haa/clubs-sigs)
which contains, inter alia, the HAA Club Requirements. These state that
Harvard Clubs are required to satisfy certain fundamental criteria known as
HAA Club Standards in order to retain their official affiliation with the
University. For example, Harvard Clubs must submit a President’s Annual Report
and an Officer Listing annually in order to “be in compliance with the HAA and
to receive HAA services” such as website hosting, a post.harvard.edu club
email forwarding address and invitations to the HAA’s annual Alumni Leadership
Conference.

(i) The HAA Club Standards are also found in the current HAA Club Officer
Handbook 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Philip Lovejoy’s (“Lovejoy”) SD at Annex 17 pp 746 – 747.

(“the Handbook”) which is intended to provide guidelines and resource
information for starting a Harvard Club. There is evidence that such handbooks
have been given to fledging Harvard Clubs as far back as 1969 (see [67]
below). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 10 p 196.

(b) The Officers’ Lounge website (http://officerslounge.clubs.harvard.edu)
which contains the fundamental operating guidelines under which the HAA
expects Harvard Clubs to function (“the Guidelines”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 8 p 191.

Among other things, the Guidelines explicitly state that:

A. The University grants Harvard Clubs permission to use the "Harvard Club"
name. Harvard Clubs need to comply with policies set forth in … the Harvard
Trademark Program's website at http://www.trademark.harvard.edu/ …

...

C. Harvard Club Presidents shall not serve more than three consecutive years.
…

…

F. Non-compliance with HAA and University policies and standards may result in
the Club's loss of the right to use the ‘Havard’ name.

G. The HAA shall be notified promptly of any changes in the Club officers and
directors …

[emphasis added]

10 The relationship between the Club and the University dates back to the
first days of the Club’s founding in 1969. However, this came to an end on 29
May 2015, when the Executive Director of the HAA, Mr Philip Lovejoy,
officially terminated the relationship between the Club and the University and
revoked its status as an official Harvard Club. The official termination
letter states that: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 12, p 387.

The University is also withdrawing its consent for the Club to use the names
"Harvard" and "Harvard Club”, the "VERITAS" shields, and all other University
names and logos. This means that you must immediately stop any Club use of
Harvard names and logos, and that any registration you have made of any
Harvard name or logo for any such purpose must be cancelled immediately.

… the University reserves the right to recognize and appoint another club as
the official Harvard alumni club in Singapore.

[emphasis added]

A brief background to the dispute

11 The official termination letter dated 29 May 2015 was the culmination of a
year-long dispute that took place during Dr Lee Siew Mun Irene’s (“Dr Lee”)
tenure as president of the Club. A detailed account of the facts pertaining to
the dispute can be found at [6] – [9] of the GD.

12 For present purposes, it suffices to say that the dispute began in April
2014 when the HAA started to take steps to secure a change of leadership in
the Club. Dr Lee resisted the HAA’s attempts and stood again for presidency in
the Club’s November 2014 elections. She subsequently won a second term.

13 In the midst of the dispute, the University took steps to consolidate its
position and applied to register the Application Marks on 24 December 2014. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 16.

The Club mounted two opposition actions (later consolidated into one) 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [11].

in respect of the Application Marks and relied upon the following grounds
under the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”) at the hearing before
the PAR:

Ground of Opposition| Application Marks  
---|---  
TMA s 8(7)(a): Passing off| HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE  
HARVARD UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE  
TMA s 7(6): Bad faith| HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE  
HARVARD UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE  
TMA s 7(5) read with s 4(3)(c) of the Societies Act (“Societies Act”) (Cap
311, 2014 Rev Ed): Use prohibited in Singapore by written law or rule of law|
HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE  
  
14 The University subsequently sought to register the name “HARVARD UNIVERSITY
CLUB OF SINGAPORE” with the Registry of Societies 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 57 and Annex 22.

but was refused registration on the basis that the new society’s name was too
similar to the existing registration of the Club. A group of the University’s
alumni, with the full authorisation of the HAA, proceeded to register the
Singapore branch of the new official Harvard Club under the name “HARVARD
UNIVERSITY ASSOCIATION OF ALUMNI IN SINGAPORE” on 7 December 2015. I will
refer to the new club as “HUAAS”.

The decision of the PAR

15 In his GD, the PAR dealt with a larger list of issues (both procedural and
substantive) than is relevant for the purposes of this judgment. I will thus
summarise his decisions only on the relevant grounds, namely the substantive
grounds of opposition laid out at [13] above.

The PAR’s findings in relation to s 8(7)(a) of the TMA

16 The PAR dismissed the opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA as he found
that the goodwill generated by the Club in connection with its use of the
Application Marks belongs to the University by virtue of an implied licence.
In this regard, the Club was a “mere licensee” of the University, thereby
allowing it to use the University’s trade marks including, inter alia,
“HARVARD” and “HARVARD CLUB” (GD at [79] - [80]).

17 The PAR reasoned that the default position in law is that ownership of the
goodwill remains with the University unless there was an agreement otherwise
(GD at [83]). As there was no agreement for the goodwill to accrue to the
Club, the Club did not enjoy the goodwill connected with the Application
Marks. The first element of the tort of passing off was not made out and he
thus rejected the Club’s opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA (GD at [88] –
[89]).

18 While the PAR’s remarks in relation to the tort of passing off were
primarily addressed at “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE”, they should be read as
pertaining also to “HARVARD UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE”, by virtue of the
similarity in the names.

The PAR’s findings in relation to bad faith under s 7(6) of the TMA

19 The PAR rejected all the following three lines of argument that the Club
raised as evidence of the University’s bad faith in registering the
Application Marks under s 7(6) of the TMA: (1) that the Application Marks were
filed by the HAA in the University’s name but without the University’s
authority; (2) that there was dishonest, improper or some form of unacceptable
conduct falling within the scope of bad faith; and (3) that the Applicant had
filed for two trade marks at the same time without a bona fide intention to
use them.

20 After reviewing the evidence, the PAR rejected the first argument “without
any hesitation whatsoever” as there was no evidence of this (GD at [96]).

21 Given his earlier finding that the University owns the goodwill attached to
the Application Marks, the PAR decided that the Club’s rights to use the name
“HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE” were contingent on the University’s continued
recognition of affiliation. The University has the right to file for the
Application Marks, and it could exercise this at any time, including prior to
the termination letter (GD at [98]).

22 The third argument was rejected on the basis that trade marks and society
names are different. Even though the University would not be able to register
both names as societies in the Registry of Societies, this does not mean that
the University does not intend to use the Application Marks. Further, there is
no rule to say that a registered trade mark proprietor must use its marks
immediately (GD at [100]).

The PAR’s findings in relation to s 7(5) of the TMA read with s 4(3)(c) of the
Societies Act

23 This ground pertained solely to the first Application Mark, “HARVARD CLUB
OF SINGAPORE”. The PAR rejected it on the basis that the Club’s case could not
fulfil the two constituent elements under s 7(5) of the TMA.

24 Section 7(5) of the TMA reads:

Absolute grounds for refusal of registration

7.—(5) A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that its use
is prohibited in Singapore by any written law or rule of law.

25 The PAR opined that the word “use” under s 7(5) of the TMA must be targeted
at the “actual use” of a trade mark and would not cover the mere registration
of a society under the Societies Act. Further, the discretion of the Registrar
of Societies under s 4(3)(c) of the Societies Act to refuse to register a
specified society does not amount to a prohibition under “written law or rule
of law” prohibiting the use of a name or mark in Singapore under s 7(5) of the
TMA.

26 The Club’s opposition thus failed on all grounds before the PAR.

Issues – Grounds of Opposition

27 The broad issues before me are whether the PAR erred in dismissing the
Club’s opposition based on passing off under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA, bad faith
under s 7(6) of the TMA, and use prohibited in Singapore by written law or
rule of law under s 7(5) of the TMA read with s 4(3)(c) of the Societies Act
(see [13] above).

28 Within these broad issues, various sub-issues arise for consideration.
Given the nature of the claims and the variety of issues canvassed before me,
I will deal with each ground of opposition in a discrete section in this
judgment, beginning first with the tort of passing off.

Preliminary point: the nature of an appeal to the High Court from the Trade
Mark tribunal

29 It is important to state at the outset that the applicable standard of
review is that of a de novo hearing (Monster Energy Company v Glamco Co, Ltd
[2018] SGHC 238 at [44] (“Monster Energy”)). Order 87 r 4(2) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) provides that an appeal from the Trade Mark
Registry “shall be by way of rehearing and the evidence used on appeal shall
be the same as that used before the Registrar and, except with the leave of
the Court, no further evidence shall be given.” This was interpreted by the
Singapore Court of Appeal (“CA”) in Ceramiche Caesar SpA v Caesarstone Sdot-
Yam Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 308 at [15] to mean that the appellate court is to hear
the matter afresh with “no threshold requirement of general application that
‘a material error of fact or law’ … be shown before appellate intervention is
warranted in such appeals.”

30 Be that as it may, I am not precluded from adopting the PAR’s findings of
fact and analyses where they accord with my own views (Monster Energy at
[44]).

Issue 1: Passing off

The law on passing off

31 Section 8(7)(a) of the TMA is a relative ground for the refusal of
registration and states as follows:

Relative grounds for refusal of registration

8.—(7) A trade mark shall not be registered if, or to the extent that, its use
in Singapore is liable to be prevented —

(a) by virtue of any rule of law (in particular, the law of passing off)
protecting an unregistered trade mark or other sign used in the course of
trade;

32 To succeed under this ground of opposition, the Club must be able to
establish the three classical elements of passing off (Singsung Pte Ltd v LG
26 Electronics Pte Ltd (trading as L S Electrical Trading) [2016] 4 SLR 86
(“Singsung”) at [27] – [28]), namely:

(a) goodwill;

(b) misrepresentation; and

(c) damage.

33 The burden of proof lies upon the Club which must adduce sufficient
evidence to establish, at the very least, a prima facie case of passing off
(Monster Energy ([29] supra) at [91]).

34 As the Club’s case in respect of passing off raises interesting questions
of law in relation to implied licences and the ownership of goodwill, a large
part of my analysis will be devoted to elucidating the nature and principles
of goodwill.

Goodwill

35 The tort of passing off is aimed at protecting the goodwill between a
trader and his customers and is not directly concerned with protecting a
specific mark, logo or get-up of a business (The Singapore Professional
Golfers’ Association v Chen Eng Waye and others [2013] 2 SLR 495 at [21]
(“SPGA”)). The clearest and most oft-cited definition of goodwill is found in
The Commissioners of Inland Revenue v Muller & Co’s Margarine, Limited [1901]
AC 217 at 223–224:

… [Goodwill] is the benefit and advantage of the good name, reputation and
connection of a business. It is the attractive force which brings in custom.
It is the one thing which distinguishes an old-established business from a new
business at its first start. The goodwill of a business must emanate from a
particular centre or source. However widely extended or diffused its influence
may be, goodwill is worth nothing unless it has a power of attraction
sufficient to bring customers home to the source from which it emanates.

36 Two essential features of goodwill can be distilled from the above
paragraph as the CA in Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and another [2009] 3
SLR(R) 216 observed at [39]:

… First, it is the association of a good, service or business on which the
plaintiff’s mark, name, labelling, etc (referred to generically as the
plaintiff’s ‘get-up’) has been applied with a particular source. Second, this
association is an ‘attractive force which brings in custom’ …

37 The protection that the tort of passing off confers can extend to the
goodwill that non-commercial organisations such as charities, non-profit
golfing associations and indeed, even the Club may have. As the CA in SPGA
explained at [23], this arises because:

… Such associations typically benefit from and indeed depend upon ‘voluntary
membership, subscriptions, donations or support’ (The Law of Passing-Off at
para 3-022). Such support reflects the magnetic force of the particular
association in question, and this constitutes goodwill which can be damaged by
a misrepresentation that amounts to passing off …

38 Before me, the following points were undisputed (mirroring the points of
agreement in [48] of the GD):

(a) The University owns approximately 750 registered trade marks containing
the words “HARVARD” and “HARVARD CLUB” worldwide including in Singapore. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 29, see in particular p 451.

In Singapore, the University has registered, inter alia, “HARVARD”, the
VERITAS shield and “HARVARD UNIVERSITY PRESS”. I will refer to the
University’s marks (whether registered in Singapore or overseas) as “Harvard
Marks”. The goodwill generated in connection with the Club’s use of the
Singapore registered marks belongs to the University. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 29; Club’s Submissions at paras 19.3, 34 and 35.

(b) The relevant segment of the public would primarily be composed of actual
and potential Harvard alumni. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Club’s Submissions at para 17.1(a);

(c) The Club’s activities and services have generated goodwill. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Club’s Submissions at para 19; University’s Submissions at para 47.

39 The Club argues that it is the owner of the abovementioned goodwill on the
basis that:

(a) The goodwill connected to the Harvard Marks and the Application Marks are
separate and distinct. The names “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE” and “HARVARD
UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE” are indivisible. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Hearing recording on 14 Feb 2020 at 11:30.

The Club “is claiming goodwill only over the full descriptive term ‘HARVARD
CLUB OF SINGAPORE’, and not the term ‘HARVARD’ without more”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Club’s Submissions at para 19.4.

(b) While the University is a well-known organisation that owns the Harvard
Marks, this does not mean that it is the exclusive owner of all goodwill
generated in connection with all use of the many variations of trade marks
incorporating the Harvard Marks (citing Harrods Limited v Harrodian School
Limited [1996] EWCA Civ 1315 (“Harrods”)). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Club’s Submissions at 19.6.

(c) The Application Marks are descriptive in nature and the goodwill generated
by the Club’s use of the mark “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE” accrues to the Club
by virtue of its registration with the Registry of Societies in 1969 and was
“subsequently earned through many years of activities and events organised for
the benefit of Harvard [a]lumni in Singapore”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Club’s Submissions at 19.7(b).

40 The cornerstone of the Club’s submissions is that it is a separate entity
that exists and operates independently from the University and the HAA. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Club’s Submissions at para 19.1.

41 In response, the University argues that it owns the goodwill generated
through the use of the Application Marks on two alternative grounds:

(a) First, by virtue of an implied licence.

(i) An implied licensor-licensee relationship exists between the University
and the Club because the University exerted a degree of control and/or
supervision over the Club’s operations and use of the Application Marks. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

University’s Submissions at paras 33 – 42.

(ii) It is trite law that in the absence of any agreement to the contrary, the
default position is that the licensor is the owner of the goodwill. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

University’s Submissions at paras 46 - 47.

No such agreement exists. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

GD at [54].

(b) Second, on account of the fact that the relevant public associates or
identifies the services and activities of the Club with the University. The
University also draws an analogy between franchisor-franchisee and
distributor-manufacturer relationships and the present case. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

University’s Submissions at paras 49 - 66.

(1) The importance of precision in the goodwill analysis

42 Before turning to my decision on goodwill, I find it apposite to emphasise
the importance of precision in the language used as part of the goodwill
analysis.

43 It bears firm repeating that “[t]he goodwill relevant in a passing off
action is not in the mark, logo or get-up. It is the goodwill between a trader
and his customers which is protected by this tort” (CDL Hotels International
Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd [1998] 1 SLR(R) 975 at [45]). In other words, the
relevant goodwill is the attractive force that draws the relevant public to
the business of the Club as an alumni club ie, the services provided and
activities organised by the Club for the actual and potential alumni of the
University. Any references to goodwill should be construed in this light.

44 Per the CA in SPGA at [27], the Application Marks are relevant to the tort
of passing off because:

The goodwill that subsists in relation to an organisation’s business is
commonly associated with its name, or its sign or other badge of identity
because this becomes a proxy for the organisation, and the name or badge in
question serves to distinguish the products or services of that organisation
from those of another.

45 In their submissions on goodwill, parties have used terms like “goodwill in
the Harvard Marks” 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

University’s Submissions at paras 33 and 46.

and “goodwill in the name ‘HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE’”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Club’s Submissions at paras 19, 19.2 and 19.4.

This gives the impression that they are concerned not specifically with the
goodwill in the Club’s business as a whole but with whether the Club had
acquired goodwill in the names “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE” and “HARVARD
UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE”.

46 The use of such terms as part of the goodwill ownership analysis runs
dangerously close to importing the concept of distinctiveness back into the
goodwill inquiry. This is because distinctiveness, as part of the
misrepresentation inquiry, specifically looks at whether the relevant public
associates the mark, get-up or any other claimed badge of origin (eg, the
Club’s name “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE”) with the goodwill (see Singsung ([32]
supra) at [39] citing SPGA ([35] supra) at [20]).

47 This should be avoided as it is contrary to the express guidance of the CA
that the distinctiveness inquiry should be dealt with solely at the
misrepresentation stage (see Singsung ([32] supra) at [38] – [39] and The
Audience Motivation Company Asia Pte Ltd v AMC Live Group China (S) Pte Ltd
[2016] 3 SLR 517 (“AMC”) at [82] - [83]).

48 Bearing this caution in mind, I now consider the issue of goodwill.

(2) My decision on goodwill

49 In a large majority of cases, it is unnecessary to undertake a separate
inquiry on goodwill ownership once goodwill has been found to exist on the
facts. This is because the entity whose business as a whole generates the
goodwill will often be the undisputed owner. The question of ownership arises
when there are rival claims to goodwill, for example as between a licensor and
a licensee or a manufacturer and its distributor (see Ng-Loy Wee Loon, Law of
Intellectual Property of Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“Ng-Loy
Wee Loon”) at paras 17.6.1 to 17.6.3).

50 In the present case, parties are in agreement that the Club’s activities
and services have generated goodwill. The dispute centres around who owns it.

51 I agree with the University that the Club has no goodwill with which to
sustain an opposition based on the tort of passing off. In arriving at my
decision, I am aided by the PAR’s meticulous and detailed analysis of the
facts.

52 Taking each of the University’s arguments in turn, my reasons will be
structured as follows:

(a) First, whether an implied licence exists on the facts of this case.

(b) Second, whether the presence of an implied licence ipso facto means that
the ownership of the goodwill vests in the licensor.

(c) Third, who owns the relevant goodwill on the facts?

(A) Whether an implied licence exists as between the Club and the University

53 I agree with the PAR that the Club and the University were in a trade mark
licensor-licensee relationship in relation to the Harvard Marks including
“HARVARD” and “HARVARD CLUB”.

54 Unlike most other commercial arrangements, the present case is unique in
that there was no formal signed trade mark licence agreement. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

GD at [54].

The University thus resorted to the implied licence argument.

55 By way of background, a trade mark licence is often said to be the grant of
permission by the proprietor for the use of the trade mark by a third party.
It is often, but not necessarily, in the form of an agreement that is subject
to the laws of contract. In other words, it is the licence that prevents the
third party (ie, the licensee) from infringing on the trade mark or being
liable in passing off while the contract (if any) spells out how parties are
to carry out the agreement (see Neil J Wilkof & Daniel Burkitt, Trade Mark
Licensing (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2005) (“Wilkof & Burkitt”-) at paras 1-10
and 10-02).

56 An implied licence is an unwritten licence often thought to arise from the
conduct and actions of parties (Wilkof & Burkitt at para 11-02). In the UK,
implied licences have been found to exist even in cases of unregistered marks
(see eg, Harrods Ltd v Harrods (Buenos Aires) Ltd [1999] F.S.R 187).

57 It is important to note that strictly speaking, an unregistered trade mark
is not in itself a species of property. What is licensed is the right to use
the mark in a manner which the tort of passing off would otherwise prevent
(Christopher Wadlow, The Law of Passing Off: Unfair Competition by
Misrepresentation (5th Ed) (“Wadlow”) at para 7-93).

58 Some of the University’s Harvard Marks eg, “HARVARD”, were only registered
in Singapore starting from 1991, more than 20 years after the Club’s
registration as a society in 1969. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 15, p 564.

Further, not all of the various types of Harvard Marks that the University
owns, have been registered in Singapore. For example, the mark “HARVARD CLUB”
is registered in Europe (European Trade Mark Registration No. 007049661) but
not in Singapore. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

University’s Submissions before the PAR dated 17 June 2019 at para 26.

However, I agree with the PAR and adopt his view that the late registration or
non-registration of the various Harvard Marks in Singapore (GD at [81]):

… does not undermine [any] finding of a licensor-licensee relationship in any
way, because the term trade mark license is wide enough to encompass common
law rights as well. As such, when I use terms such as “trade mark license” or
“licensor-licensee relationship”, what I really mean is that in addition to
any license relating to registered rights, the terms of the license also cover
any use by the [Club] of [the Harvard Marks] in any manner that would
otherwise amount to passing off.

59 In Weir Warman Ltd v Research & Development Pty Ltd [2007] SGHC 59 (“Weir
Warman”), V K Rajah JA reviewed the authorities and concluded that “a trade
mark licence arrangement between the plaintiff and the defendant may only be
established if the plaintiff exerts some manner or form of control or
supervision over the defendant’s goods. …” [emphasis mine] (at [68]). He added
that in applying this test, it is necessary to have regard to the objective
conduct of the parties (at [67]).

60 For completeness, I have also had regard to the contrary view in Tan Tee
Jim, Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed,
2014) at para 10.059 (“Tan Tee Jim”), that the above remarks by V K Rajah JA
were actually made in the context of the Trade Marks Ordinance 1938 (Ordinance
38 of 1938) (derived from the Trade Marks Act 1938 (c 22) UK) and are now
outdated. That said, I am bound by two recent CA judgments that expressly cite
the above test in the context of the TMA (see Kickapoo (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and
another v The Monarch Beverage Co (Europe) Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 1212 at [41] and
Valentino Globe BV v Pacific Rim Industries Inc [2010] SGCA 14 (“Valentino”)
at [45]).

(I) The University’s control and supervision of the Club

61 Turning to the facts of this case, I adopt the PAR’s finding that the
University exerted control and supervision over the Club for four reasons.

62 First, the founders of the Club intended for the Club to operate under the
auspices of the University and the Associated Harvard Alumni (HAA’s
predecessor). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 8.

In early 1969, a group of approximately 30 Harvard alumni in Singapore took
steps to form the Club. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 10.

(a) On 20 February 1969, the group’s acting secretary, Mr Michael Wilsey,
wrote to the Associated Harvard Alumni informing it of the group’s intention
to form the Club and asking it for: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 10 p 194.

… guidance as to how [the group] might conduct [its] affairs and gain
recognition from the Alumni Association. Information on the procedures and
activities of other clubs could be most helpful.

(b) No reply was received and Mr Wilsey wrote again a month later on 3 April
1969. The letter stated that: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 10 p 195.

… [the group’s] needs for direction from [the Alumni Association] are even
more urgent. We would be most appreciative of some word from you as to what
steps we must take to be recogni[s]ed as a Harvard Club.

[emphasis added]

63 A reply from the Associated Harvard Alumni was only sent on 29 May 1969, by
which time the Club’s founders had already registered the Club as a society.
During the hearing, the Club’s counsel leveraged on this point to bolster his
argument that the Club’s existence is separate and independent from the
University. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Hearing recording on 14 February 2020 at 11:15 – 11.19 am.

64 In my view, this fact does not go very far to assist the Club’s case. A
quick perusal of Mr Wilsey’s letters makes three things apparent about the
Club’s founders:

(a) They were willing and eager to abide by the University’s conditions in
return for recognition as a Harvard Club.

(b) They “regarded the University as the fount of authority for their fledging
club” (GD at [79(b)]).

(c) They only went ahead with the registration after repeated attempts to gain
recognition from the University.

To me, this is apodictic evidence that the Club was inviting the University to
control and supervise it.

65 At best, the facts show that the Club did not have a licence at its
inception but that does not preclude it from having obtained one later on. The
logical corollary to this is that the Club might have been making unauthorised
use of the Harvard name and thus infringing on the University’s rights in
respect of it prior to receiving the reply from the Associated Harvard Alumni
dated 29 May 1969.

66 Second, focusing on the time period prior to Dr Lee’s presidency, it is
clear that the Club was aware of the basic conditions it had to fulfil in
order to maintain its affiliation with the University and complied with them.

67 Upon receiving news of the Club’s founding in 1969, the Associated Harvard
Alumni sent the Club a sample Constitution, a 1969 version of the Handbook and
a sample annual report. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 10 p 198.

While the 1969 Handbook is not available to me, the 2017 edition makes it
compulsory for Harvard Clubs to submit President’s Annual Reports and Officer
Listings. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 17 p 747.

The Club was aware of these requirements and did in fact abide by them (at
least some of the time) from 1969 till Dr Lee’s presidency.

(a) On 25 March 1971, the Club wrote to update the Associated Harvard Alumni
on the list of officers in the Club. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 10 p 198.

(b) In 1973, the University sent Mr Isadore Paisner to check on the progress
and management of various clubs in the “Far East” region including the Club.
Mr Paisner reported that the leadership of the clubs “is uniformly good” and
that they hold frequent club meetings. He also said that “[t]he Singapore Club
also appears to have good material waiting to take over”. It is quite unlikely
that Mr Paisner would praise the Club if it had been wilfully flouting the
University’s rules and policies. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 10 pp 202 - 205.

(c) On 9 January 1975, the Club’s president informed the University that the
Club had received and perused the 1975 Handbook. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 10, p 207.

(d) The Club submitted President’s Annual Reports for eight years leading up
to 2011. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 20, Adrian Foo’s SD at para 6.

(e) On 25 July 2011, approximately five months prior to Dr Lee’s presidency,
the University conducted a survey aimed at gathering information on the
operations of various Harvard Clubs. Amongst other things, the survey was
designed to test their presidents’ understanding of HAA guidelines and
procedures. As astutely observed by the PAR, the Club stated correctly that
the presidential term limit is three years when such information is not found
in the Club’s constitution and bylaws but is present in the Guidelines and
Handbook. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Dr Lee’s SD 1, Exhibit ILSM -1.

This betrays at least some knowledge of the above materials on the Club’s
part.

68 In light of the evidence above, I am satisfied that from the time of the
Club’s founding up till Dr Lee’s presidency, the University was able to exert
a degree of control and supervision over the Club’s activities. This was done
by ensuring that the Club received updated copies of the Handbook, sending
down university officials such as Mr Paisner to check on the Club’s
management, and mandating that the Club provide Officer Lists and President’s
Annual Reports.

69 Third, during the first three years of Dr Lee’s presidency from 2011 to
2014, the Club continued to seek the University’s guidance in relation to Club
affairs and was at least, fully aware of the conditions imposed by the
University on all Harvard Clubs.

70 On 17 November 2011, a mere two days after Dr Lee was elected as president,
she wrote to the HAA introducing herself and asking for guidance in relation
to her presidency and the Club’s direction. She also sought support from the
University to be involved in its events. Her email reads: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Lovejoy’s SD, Annex 11, p 224.

… We had our AGM on 15.11.11 and I’ve succeeded Nina as the new President of
the Harvard Club of Singapore. What is the official protocol to effect this
change with the HAA and locally? Do I need to send out an announcement to the
HCS members / alumni? Who can I turn to for guidance in order to solve
problems with membership, communication/website, governance etc.?

It will be interesting to try and organi[s]e the live webstreaming of this
Saturday’s Harvard Yale football game – can you please send the login
credentials if convenient? …

71 Contrary to Dr Lee’s assertions that the Club always operated independently
from the University, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Dr Lee’s SD at paras 8 - 11.

the above extract shows that it was important to her that she was officially
recognised as president not just by members of the Club but also by the HAA.

72 In a bid to bolster the Club’s case, Dr Lee claimed that she only found out
about the existence of the Handbook and the Guidelines in April 2014, more
than two years into her presidency. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Dr Lee’s SD at para 11.

This is important because the Handbook contains fundamental conditions that a
Harvard Club must comply with to retain its affiliation with the University
and the Guidelines explicitly state that “[t]he University grants Harvard
Clubs permission to use the ‘Harvard Club’ name”. Her assertions are
unsubstantiated and wholly unbelievable for the following reasons:

(a) Email correspondence between Dr Lee and the HAA on 13 to 14 December 2011
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 11 pp 235 – 237.

show that Dr Lee was personally involved in setting up the Club’s official
website (www.harvardclub.sg). For example, she contacted graphic designers,
reserved the domain name and sought permission from HAA to create links in the
said website to HAA’s websites. It is evident from the correspondence that Dr
Lee is a proactive president who takes her role seriously. This being the
case, it is highly improbable that she would simply list links to external
webpages on the Club’s official website without at least checking the contents
therein.

(b) Dr Lee accessed HAA’s websites in order to create links therein to the
Club’s official website.

(c) Dr Lee admitted that she has been a regular attendee of Harvard alumni
leadership conferences and club leaders meetings where she familiarised
herself with the HAA’s activities. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Dr Lee’s 1st SD at para 3.

Topics such as “leadership best practices” and “transitioning leadership” were
specifically addressed at several of those meetings. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 44 and Annex 11 pp 246 and 275.

It is unlikely that Dr Lee would have taken the time and effort to attend such
conferences overseas without at least reviewing key (and easily accessible)
HAA leadership documents like the Guidelines and Handbook.

(d) Dr Lee also took pains to inform HAA representatives about the agenda of
the Club’s Executive Committee meetings. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 11 pp 258 – 259, 290.

(e) Finally, email correspondence from 11 April 2012 to 8 May 2012 show that
Dr Lee would inform the HAA when she wanted to make changes to the Club’s
Executive Committee and even sought advice for her problems with the existing
members. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 11 pp 331 – 335.

Much like the three year term limit for presidents (see [67(e)] above), her
actions are in line with the Guidelines (see [9(b)] above) which are not found
in the Club’s Constitution and by-laws.

73 Accordingly, I reject Dr Lee’s unsubstantiated claim of ignorance. I find
that she was fully aware of the minimum conditions the Club needed to fulfil
to remain a Harvard Club and complied with at least some of them during her
presidency.

74 Finally, I agree with the PAR that while the Club may not have described
its relationship with the University as a licensor-licensee relationship, “the
parties certainly conducted their affairs as such.” 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

GD at [79].

75 In return for the Club’s compliance with the terms of affiliation in the
Guidelines and the Handbook, the University (through the HAA) provided
continual support and guidance. As the PAR succinctly puts it at [73] of his
GD:

Peppered across the documentary exhibits annexed to Lovejoy’s SD was evidence
(e.g. relating to technical support, lists of alumni in Singapore and other
contact information) that the Applicant had actively supported the Harvard
Club of Singapore. … if the HAA had not provided the Opponent with personal
information of Harvard alumni in Singapore, the Opponent would not have been
able to effectively perform its role as the official recognised alumni
association.

76 Mr Lovejoy also makes clear that if any entity uses the name “HARVARD CLUB
OF [location]” without being officially affiliated to the University, the
University would have taken action immediately because its alumni would
immediately associate the entity with an official Harvard Club. No such action
has ever been taken against the Club because it was an official Harvard Club
up till the termination of the relationship on 29 May 2015. I have reviewed
the names of the various Harvard Clubs and I note that all Harvard Clubs in
the Asia-Pacific and South Asia region (apart from the new official club in
Singapore) adhere to the standard nomenclature of “HARVARD CLUB OF
[location]”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 7, p 178 – 180.

In fact, given that nearly all Harvard Clubs worldwide are named as such, I
see no reason to disbelieve Mr Lovejoy. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 10 and Annex 7.

77 On top of that, the Club also conducted itself in a manner that suggests it
implicitly acknowledged its status as a trade mark licensee. The clearest
example of this occurred when a Harvard alumnus, Mr Oscar Tan, created a
Facebook group and LinkedIn page that made use of some of the Harvard Marks
without being authorised by the University (for detailed facts see [69] – [72]
of the GD). For present purposes, it suffices for me to say that when the Club
realised that an interloper was attracting members away from it, its response
was to swiftly call upon the University to enforce its rights in the Harvard
Marks against Oscar Tan and not to enforce any trade mark rights on its own
behalf. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 11, pp 243 – 244.

78 I thus conclude that the University exercised a sufficient degree of
control and supervision over the Club’s affairs such that the Club had an
implied licence to use the Harvard Marks. This implied licence arose when the
Associated Harvard Alumni wrote to the Club’s founders to acknowledge the
Club’s existence on 29 May 1969. It lasted up till the termination of their
relationship on 29 May 2015.

79 Although Weir Warman ([59] supra) involved a commercial dispute, the test
stated therein remains applicable to the present facts. This is because, in
formulating the said test, V K Rajah JA expressly cited and approved the US
case of Villanova University v Villanova Alumni Educational Foundation, Inc
123 F Supp 2d 293 (E.D. PA. 2000) (“Villanova”), a case involving similar
facts. There, a group of alumni sought Villanova University’s permission to
use its trade mark to form a club that conducted fundraising activities in
support of the university’s sports programs. The alumni group was given verbal
permission to do so by the president of the university in 1972. This was
followed by a formal affiliation agreement only much later in 1992 and finally
a revised agreement in 1995. The court however found, based on the objective
conduct of the parties, that the university exercised a sufficient degree of
control over the club’s operations such that an implied licence existed
between 1972 and 1992, which encompassed the club’s use of the university’s
trade mark. This was because the club generally followed the guidelines
imposed on it by the university. The university would also take steps to
update the guidelines and enforce them (albeit with a gentle hand) in the
event of violations. The court also found that the 1992 and 1995 affiliation
agreements made express the previously implied licence agreement between the
parties.

80 An implied licence between the University and the Club can therefore arise
out of the objective conduct of the parties for the use of the Harvard Marks
even where the parties had not entered into a written and signed licence
agreement.

(II) If so, what kind of implied licence is this?

81 The above paragraphs make it clear that the implied licence was in relation
to the use of the Harvard Marks including “HARVARD” and “HARVARD CLUB”. This
was by virtue of the Club’s old status as a Harvard Club.

82 Moreover, this licence is a limited and exclusive one.

83 It is limited in that the licence only covered the sphere of activities and
operations of a Harvard Club. It is conceivable that an authorised distributor
of the University could set up shop in Singapore to sell authentic “HARVARD”
sports jerseys.

84 It is exclusive as the Club appears to have been the only entity in
Singapore authorised to use the Harvard Marks (in particular “HARVARD CLUB”)
as a Harvard Club. It acted as if this licence was to the exclusion of all
others, including the University itself (see s 43(1) of the TMA). I say so for
two reasons.

85 First, both parties agree that the Club was the first and only Harvard Club
in Singapore for close to 50 years. While there are now two new societies on
the Registry of Societies that incorporate Harvard Marks into their names
(Harvard Business School Club of Singapore and HUAAS), the earlier one was
only registered on 28 January 2015. While the Club’s implied licence was only
revoked on 29 May 2015 (see above at [78]), the relevant date for the purposes
of assessing a claim of passing off is the date on which the complained of
conduct of the University commences (CDL Hotels International Ltd v Pontiac
Marina Pte Ltd [1998] 1 SLR(R) 975 at [34]). In the present case, the
complained of conduct would have commenced, at the latest, when the University
sought to register the Application Marks on 24 December 2014. The Club was
thus the sole entity authorised to use the University’s Harvard Marks in
Singapore during the relevant period.

86 Second, as mentioned above, the Club took swift action to call upon the
University to enforce its trade mark rights the moment it felt that its
position as the sole Harvard alumni organisation in Singapore was threatened
by Mr Oscar Tan in late 2011. Emails from a HAA director, Mr Peter Weldon,
show that University sided with the Club and offered solutions to safeguard
the Club’s position. This is notwithstanding the fact that Mr Oscar Tan is
also a Harvard alumnus. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Lovejoy SD at Annex 11, p 245

The conduct of the parties is thus consistent with that of an exclusive
licensor-licensee relationship.

(B) Whether the existence of an implied licence ipso facto means that the
licensor owns the goodwill

87 I now turn to the follow up question of whether the existence of an implied
exclusive licence ipso facto means that the licensor owns all the relevant
goodwill.

88 As mentioned above at [17], the PAR answered this question in the
affirmative at [83] of the GD:

The law on ownership of goodwill in licensor-licensee situations appears to be
well settled. In the absence of some sort of agreement to the contrary, the
default position is that the licensor or franchisor is the owner of the
goodwill.

[emphasis mine]

89 In support of this proposition, the PAR cited two paragraphs from Wadlow
which deal with ownership of goodwill in the context of licences and
franchises (GD at [83]). I reproduce the former passage as it is more relevant
to the present licensing fact scenario:

[3-150] If the commercial purpose of an agreement is to license the use of a
distinctive name or mark in respect of which the licensor has (or is agreed to
have) goodwill, to a licensee with no such goodwill, and in circumstances
where the licensee’s use would otherwise be actionable as passing-off, then in
the absence of agreement to the contrary or other supervening factors, the
goodwill in the business so carried on by the licensee under the licensed name
or mark will accrue to the licensor rather than the licensee. The licence may
be express or implied…

[emphasis added]

90 The cited paragraph alludes to the fact-based nature of the ownership
inquiry as it includes a consideration of “other supervening factors”
alongside the agreement or contract. In my view, in a case where there is no
express contract or agreement as to the ownership of the goodwill, it is
especially important that one does not end the enquiry by employing a “default
position” analysis. Rather, one must have regard to the full factual matrix of
a case to determine ownership in an implied licence situation.

91 In this regard, I agree with Lai Siu Chiu J in QB Net Co Ltd v Earnson
Management (S) Pte Ltd and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“QB Net”) at [35] that
“it would be unwise to rigidly adhere to the general rule that a licensee does
not acquire goodwill in respect of the licensor’s business. Instead, regard
must be had to the evidence adduced by the parties on the facts.”

92 In QB Net, Lai J observed in obiter that goodwill could be jointly owned by
the foreign licensor and domestic licensee even though there were two licence
agreements between them which gave the licensee the right to operate 10-minute
hair cut salons under the under the trade names “QB House” and “QB Shell” and
to adopt the QB house system, get up and house marks. Her Honour found that
the licensee had contributed significantly to publicity efforts in Singapore
and substantially modified the licensor’s instructions manuals to make them
suitable for use here.

93 Having reviewed the facts of this case, I have no difficulty in concluding
that ownership of the goodwill resides in the University for two reasons.

94 First, the success and continued operation of the Club would not be
possible without the help and support of the University. This is because many
of the services and activities provided by the Club depend on the University.
These manifested in the following ways:

(a) The provision of lists of alumni along with their contract details to the
Club to enable it to recruit new members. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 11, pp 198, 298 and 367.

(b) The provision of technical support such as website hosting, links on HAA
websites and post.harvard.edu club email forwarding addresses (see above at
[9(a)]).

(c) The provision of opportunities for Club leaders to learn how to manage the
Club and its affairs at leadership conferences.

(d) The provision of direct advice and guidance as to the running of the Club
when Dr Lee faced difficulties in this regard. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 11, pp 225, 229, 231, 238 – 239.

(e) There is also evidence that the University facilitated the success of key
events in the Club’s social calendar like the Harvard Club of Singapore Annual
Dinner 2012 through providing a gift for the Guest-of-Honour, memorabilia for
guests in the form of 150 Harvard 375th anniversary pins, administrative
assistance and publicity on HAA’s websites.

(f) Further, without the cooperation of the University, the Club would not be
able to host distinguished university officials like Professor Steve Kelman 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 11, pp 324, 304 and 295

or solicit donations on behalf of the University. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

University’s Submissions at para 55.

(g) Importantly, the University (through the Associated Harvard Alumni) helped
to ensure the survival of the Club in 1971. At that time, there was only a
single officer in the Club, Mr Joseph Zuber, who became uncontactable. The
Associated Harvard Alumni thus reached out to one Mr Edward Moriarty to ask
him to become the Club’s alumnus contact and even offered a list of 16 other
alumni in Singapore (ie, the relevant public) to help him. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 10, p 198.

95 Second, the events post-termination do show that the attractive force in
the activities and functions of the Club is actually rooted in its connection
to the University. Dr Lee gave evidence that Harvard alumni who had recently
arrived in Singapore would express interest in the Club but then changed their
mind immediately upon realising that the Club is no longer affiliated with the
University. To add insult to injury, a current faculty member of the
University originally arranged to meet with Dr Lee only to abruptly cancel the
meeting after realising that the Club is no longer a Harvard Club. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Dr Lee’s SD 1 at para 20.

96 With the foregoing facts in mind, I have no difficulty in concluding that
the goodwill generated by the Club’s services and activities belongs to the
University.

97 For completeness, I will deal briefly with the Club’s remaining argument
listed at [39(b)] of this judgment.

98 The Club argues that while the University is well-known, this does not give
it the right to lay claim to “every variant that incorporates [its] name”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Club’s Submission at para 19.6.

In support of this, it cites the English case of Harrods ([39(b)] supra).
There, the famed department store, Harrods of Knightsbridge, failed in its
action of passing off against a private school called “The Harrodian School”
as the business with which Harrods was associated with did not include
schools. I agree with the PAR (GD at [85]) that Harrods can be distinguished
on the facts as it involved two parties in wholly disparate fields of
commercial activities whereas the present case involves a school and its
alumni club. The fields of activity are both rooted in education and deal with
the same select group of individuals. The University is thus entitled to claim
the Application Marks.

99 To conclude this section on goodwill, I reject the Club’s arguments and
find that the relevant goodwill belongs solely to the University. In the words
of the CA in SPGA ([35] supra) at [20], the Club has failed to establish that
it has an interest that the law of passing off will protect. I thus reject the
first ground of opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the TMA.

(3) Misrepresentation

100 Strictly speaking, there is no need for me to deal with the elements of
misrepresentation and damage. However, as parts of the parties’ cases are
built on the use of the Harvard marks and the Application Marks, I will touch
briefly on the distinctiveness of the Application Marks as part of
misrepresentation.

101 The test of distinctiveness is best understood as a threshold inquiry in
the context of determining whether the University, in attempting to register
the Application Marks and presumably using it in the future, has committed an
actionable misrepresentation. Simply put, if the Application Marks (and more
particularly “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE”) are not distinctive of the Club’s
services and activities, the mere fact that the University wishes to use very
name of the Club (or something very similar) will not amount to a
misrepresentation (Singsung ([32] supra) at [38]). In other words, the
question is whether the goodwill of the Club is sufficiently associated with
the Application Marks, the registration of which is being challenged by the
Club (AMC ([47] supra) at [87]).

102 In my view, even on the assumption that the relevant goodwill belongs to
the Club, the Club will still fail to prove an actionable misrepresentation as
it cannot fulfil the threshold test of distinctiveness. For the avoidance of
doubt, my comments here pertain also to “HARVARD UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE”
even though the Club does not use it as its name. This is by virtue of the
close similarity of the Application Marks (see [18] above).

103 First, the goodwill generated by the Club is associated with the word
“HARVARD” rather than the names of the Application Marks. The word “HARVARD”
in the Application Marks is evocative of the University and designates it as
its trade source and origin. This is the result of the University’s
substantial investment in advertising, promoting and protecting the Harvard
Marks in Singapore and around the world. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Lovejoy’s SD at paras 30 – 32.

104 While the Club does not explicitly address the test of distinctiveness in
its submissions on misrepresentation 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Club’s Submissions at paras 20 – 26.

, some of the points it raises in respect of goodwill are nevertheless,
relevant responses to the above point.

(a) For one, the Club argues that the Application Marks are merely descriptive
and cites SPGA ([35] supra) for the proposition that descriptive names like
“The Singapore Professional Golfers’ Association” are capable of acquiring a
secondary meaning in the form of a distinctive reputation by virtue of its
long use. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Club’s Submissions at para 19.3.

I agree with the PAR that while every single term in “The Singapore
Professional Golfers’ Association” is essentially descriptive, the same cannot
be said for the Application Marks which include the distinctive word
“HARVARD”. The analogy is thus misconceived.

(b) In addition, the Club submits that it is possible to draw a distinction
between “HARVARD” and the Application Marks. In other words, the individual
words in Application Marks must be taken as a whole – “HARVARD CLUB OF
SINGAPORE” and “HARVARD UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE” – and not broken into
its constituent elements. The obvious flaw in this argument is that it is
impossible to read the Application Marks without immediately focusing on the
word “HARVARD”, the only distinctive element in the Application Marks. Without
it, “CLUB OF SINGAPORE” and “UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE” would mean nothing
to actual and potential Harvard alumni. It would be unable to attract new
members and may also lose existing members.

105 Second, the overwhelming majority of Harvard Clubs worldwide are named
“HARVARD CLUB OF [location]”. This is a clear suggestion that there is at
least some nexus between any entity named “HARVARD CLUB OF [location]” and the
University. As a matter of common sense, I am inclined to accept Mr Lovejoy’s
assertion that the naming convention: 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 11.

… immediately indicates to [the] University’s over 300,000 alumni that the
club is associated with [the] University, and [alumni] expect that such clubs
are officially recognised by the university, meet certain standards and
provide certain services to alumni

106 This would indicate that any variant of “HARVARD CLUB OF [location]” would
be distinctive of the University and its Harvard Clubs as a whole rather than
any particular Club, unless some supervening reasons are shown. This is absent
on the facts.

107 Interestingly, the Club appears to concede the above point because it
submits that it “owns the goodwill in the name HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE [sic]
insofar as the relevant section of the Harvard Alumni in Singapore recognise
[the Club] to be affiliated to or connected with [the University]” [emphasis
added]. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Club’s Submissions at para 34.2.

Given that the licence arrangement between the Club and the University
terminated on 29 May 2015, I agree with the PAR that it may well be open for
the University to pursue an action in passing off against the Club for
continued use of the Harvard Marks as part of the Club’s name. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

GD at [89].

108 For the reasons stated above, I conclude that that the Application Marks
are not distinctive of the Club but of the University and its Harvard Clubs as
a whole. Even assuming that the Club could prove ownership of the relevant
goodwill, its opposition on the ground of passing off still fails as the
University’s registration and subsequent use of the Application Marks would
not amount to an actionable misrepresentation.

Issue 2: Bad faith

109 Section 7(6) of the TMA reads as follows:

Absolute grounds for refusal of registration

7.—(6) A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that the
application is made in bad faith.

110 The leading decision of the CA in Valentino ([60] supra) sets out the
relevant principles of bad faith:

(a) Bad faith embraces not only actual dishonesty but also dealings which
would be considered as commercially unacceptable by reasonable and experienced
persons in a particular trade, even though such dealings may otherwise involve
no breach of any duty, obligation, prohibition or requirement that is legally
binding upon the registrant of the trade mark (Valentino at [28] citing Weir
Warman ([59] supra) at [48]).

(b) The presence of bad faith is determined by a combined test which contains
both a subjective element (viz, what the particular applicant knows) and an
objective element (viz, what ordinary people adopting proper standards would
think). Bad faith as a concept is context-dependent and hinges upon the
specific factual matrix of each case (Valentino at [29] referring to Wing Joo
Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co
Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“Wing Joo Loong”) at [105]).

(c) An allegation of bad faith is a serious one and it must be sufficiently
supported by the evidence, which will rarely be possible by a process of
inference (Valentino at [30] ([60] supra)).

(i) There is, however, no absolute prohibition against drawing inferences per
the learned author in Ng-Loy Wee Loon at para 21.4.1 who noted that in Festina
Lotus SA v Romanson Co Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 552 (“Festina Lotus”) at [115], the
Singapore High Court pointed out that a finding of bad faith was largely, if
not invariably, based on circumstantial evidence.

(d) The legal burden of proof needed to substantiate an action for opposition
lies throughout on the party opposing the trade mark application (Valentino at
[21] referring to Wing Joo Loong at [33]). It is only after a prima facie case
of bad faith is made out by the opposing party that the burden of disproving
any element of bad faith shifts to the party applying to register the trade
mark (Valentino at [36]).

(e) The relevant date for determining whether there is bad faith is the time
of filing the application for registration. Matters occurring after the date
of the application may also assist in determining the applicant’s state of
mind at the time of the application for registration (Festina Lotus at [100]).

111 The Club advances three lines of argument in support of its opposition on
the ground of bad faith, I will deal with each in turn.

Argument 1: Lack of authority

112 The Club’s first argument is that the registration applications filed by
the University were filed by the “HAA, likely without the authority of the
[University], but nonetheless utilising the name of the [University]”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Club’s Submissions at para 43.1(a).

In particular, it takes aim at Mr Lovejoy and states that his statutory
declaration should be struck out as he has no authority to submit any evidence
on behalf of the University. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Club’s submissions at paras 12 and 42.2(b)(iv).

113 I find this argument to be wholly without merit, for a number of reasons:

(a) Mr Lovejoy’s authority to give evidence in relation to the University and
the HAA clearly stems from his position as Executive Director of the HAA. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 1.

(b) Even if there is any doubt about this, it would have been adequately
addressed by Mr Enrique Calixto’s first statutory declaration which
unequivocally confirms that both he and Mr Lovejoy have the authority to
provide evidence on behalf of the University by virtue of their office. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Calixto’s 2nd SD at para 10.

As further proof of this, Mr Calixto tendered a notarised Secretary’s
Certificate signed by the University’s Secretary. This certifies that: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Calixto’s 2nd SD 1 at Annex 1, p 9.

(i) Mr Calixto is a duly appointed and acting officer of the University who
holds the office of Executive Director of the Harvard Trade Mark Program (ie,
the department in charge of protecting and managing the University’s trade
marks).

(ii) Mr Calixto has the authority to sign or delegate to other Harvard
employees the authority to sign all documents related to trade marks owned by
the University.

(c) There is documentary evidence to prove that the University was clearly
aware of the various events surrounding the registration of the Application
Marks. I list two examples of this.

(i) The Club’s termination letter was sent with the knowledge and support of
key office holders in the University, including the Vice Provost for
International Affairs and the President of the HAA. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 12, p 387,

(ii) The HAA wrote a letter to the Registry of Societies to support and
authorise the registration of a new Harvard Club. This letter was signed by Ms
Jennifer C. Flynn who is the HAA’s Director of Clubs, Shared Interest Groups
and International Affairs. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Lovejoy’s SD at Annex 22, p 856.

114 In light of the evidence that key office holders in the University (and
not just the HAA) were involved in the events leading to the registration of
the Application Marks, I find it wholly improbable that the applications were
filed without the authority of the University.

Argument 2: Improper, dishonest or unacceptable conduct

115 The Club’s second argument is four-fold: 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Club’s Submissions at paras 43.2 – 43.4.

(a) First, the University repeatedly interfered with the activities of the
Club (eg, by asking Dr Lee to step down from her role as president and
threatening to terminate the Club’s status as a Harvard Club).

(b) Second, the University did not enter into negotiations with the Club in
good faith as it filed the two trade mark applications while negotiations were
ongoing, six months before the termination letter.

(c) Third, the University sought to usurp the Club’s role as an alumni club in
Singapore.

(d) Fourth, the University deliberately chose Application Marks that are
identical or very similar to the Club’s name.

116 I agree with the PAR’s decision to reject these arguments. The University
is the sole owner of the goodwill generated by the Club in connection with the
use of the Application Marks and is thus entitled to file for their
registration at any point. The PAR rightly observed that the Club is a mere
licensee who did not pay any licence fees to use the Harvard Marks. The
permission granted to it was “contingent on the [University’s] continued
recognition of affiliation and thus revocable by the University at any point”
(GD at [98]). On the facts, the Club was clearly in breach of the University
and HAA’s policies (eg, by failing to adhere to the 3-year presidential term
limit) and the University was more than justified in terminating the
affiliation.

117 I also add that while the two Application Marks are identical and similar
(respectively) to the Club’s name, this does not ipso facto mean that there is
bad faith because one must still have regard to the factual circumstances of
the case. As the learned author in Tan Tee Jim states at para 7.170:

Bad faith does not invariably arise if all that is present is knowledge of a
rival’s use of an identical or similar mark for identical or similar goods or
services. The applicant may well honestly believe that he has a superior right
to registration and/or use of mark.

[emphasis added]

Furthermore, per V K Rajah JA in Weir Warman ([59] supra) at [49]:

It appears to me to be an incontrovertible proposition that if a registrant of
a trade mark has proprietorship of that trade mark, or at the very least, the
right to register that trade mark, then such registration of the trade mark
should fall well within the standards of acceptable commercial behaviour
observed by reasonable and experienced persons in the particular trade.

[emphasis in original]

118 The University is the registered owner of the Harvard Marks both in
Singapore and around the world. All the goodwill generated by the Club in
connection with the use of the Application Marks resides in the University. I
thus find that its behaviour in registering the Application Marks (even though
negotiations were ongoing) falls well within the standards of acceptable
commercial behaviour.

Argument 3: No intention to use

119 The Club’s final argument is that the University filed for two, almost
identical marks within class 41 for club services with no intention to use
them. This is because it would not be possible for the University to register
both Application Marks as societies – the Registrar of Societies would block
this under s 4(3)(c) of the Societies Act as the names would be too similar.

120 As the PAR correctly pointed out, there is a difference between a trade
mark and a society name. A registered society may be registered in one name
and yet use different marks to denote its services. Furthermore, a registered
trade mark proprietor does not have to put its marks into use immediately.
Under s 22(1)(a) of the TMA, a registered mark only becomes liable to be
revoked on the basis of non-use for five years after the completion of
registration.

121 The University also makes it clear that it fully intends to use those
marks. It previously attempted to register a society under the name “HARVARD
UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE” and even provided an official authorisation
letter to the Registry of Societies. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Lovejoy’s SD at para 57 and Annex 22, p 856.

Furthermore, the vast majority of Harvard Clubs follow the standard naming
convention of “HARVARD CLUB OF [location]” – this indicates that if the Club
did not exist, the University would likely make use of its standard naming
convention when naming its new Harvard Club to be formed in Singapore.

122 I thus reject the Club’s third argument on bad faith.

123 To conclude this section, I find that the Club has failed to discharge its
burden to show even a prima facie case of bad faith. Accordingly, I reject the
second ground of opposition under s 7(6) TMA.

Issue 3: Use prohibited by law

124 I turn now to the Club’s final ground of opposition. In relation only to
the first Application Mark ie, “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE”, the Club submits
that its use is prohibited in Singapore by any written law or rule of law
under s 7(5) of the TMA. I have already reproduced s 7(5) of the TMA at [24]
above.

125 The Club relies upon s 4(3)(c) of the Societies Act as the “written law or
rule of law” prohibiting the use of “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE”:

Registration of specified societies and refusal to register

4.—(3) The Registrar may refuse to register a specified society if —

….

(c) it appears to him that the name under which the specified society is to be
registered —

(i) is likely to mislead members of the public as to the true character or
purpose of the specified society or so nearly resembles the name of some other
society as is likely to deceive the members of the public or members of either
society;

(ii) is identical to that of any other existing society; or

…

126 For convenience, I adopt the PAR’s terminology in calling s 4(3)(c)(i) the
“Deceptive Resemblance” ground and s 4(3)(c)(ii) the “Identical Name” ground.

127 The Club’s argument is structured as follows: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Club’s Submissions at paras 37, 38.2 – 38.6

(a) The Registrar of Societies has a discretion to refuse to register a
society if its name falls into the Deceptive Resemblance or Identical Name
grounds.

(b) The Registrar of Societies has already refused the University’s
application to register a society on the basis that its name “HARVARD
UNIVERSITY CLUB OF SINGAPORE” was caught by the Deceptive Resemblance ground.

(c) Assuming that the University remains true to its word and indeed takes
steps to use the name “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE”, the University would likely
use one of the Application Marks as the name of a new Harvard Club.

(d) If the attempt is indeed made, the Registrar would refuse to register the
new society on the basis of the Identical Name ground because the Club is
already registered under the same name and is a separate legal entity.

(e) The Registrar’s decision would amount to a prohibition against the use of
“HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE” under “any written law or rule of law” within s
7(5) of the TMA such that the registration of the same name as a trade mark
must be refused.

128 As this appears to be the first case that directly addresses the interplay
between s 4(3) of the Societies Act and s 7(5) of the TMA and one of the rare
local cases dealing with s 7(5) of the TMA, it is necessary for me to have
regard to first principles in analysing the Club’s argument. In my view, the
Club’s argument is wrong in principle and must be rejected.

129 Dealing first with the requirement of prohibition according to “written
law or rule of law”, I agree with the PAR that s 7(5) of the TMA is not meant
to cover the present situation. I say this for a few reasons.

(a) Despite the lack of judicial authority, the meaning of the term “written
law” is clear; it refers to an express prohibition in statute. Per Ng-Loy Wee
Loon at para 21.5.3:

… The real targets of s 7(5) are trade marks the use of which is prohibited
by, for example, other legislation such as the Singapore Tourism Board Act (on
the use of the Merlion symbol) and the Geneva Conventions Act (on the use of
the symbol associated with the Red Cross).

A similar view was also taken in Tan Tee Jim at para 7.148. Plainly, the
decision of the Registrar of Societies to disallow registration cannot count
as a “written law”. To read it otherwise would mean that a mere registered
society name has the same status as eg, the Merlion symbol, which is expressly
protected against misuse on pain of criminal sanction under s 24 of the
Singapore Tourism Board Act (Cap 305B, 1997 Rev Ed). This clearly cannot be
the position at law.

(b) Unfortunately, the same clarity does not exist in respect of the
expression “rule of law” (see Tan Tee Jim at para 7.148) which appears to be
wider in scope than “written law”. Nonetheless, it is clear to me that s 7(5)
of the TMA was not meant to be read with s 4(3)(c) of the Societies Act. The
wording of ss 4(3)(c)(i) and 4(3)(c)(ii) of the Act makes it clear that
Parliament intended for the Registrar’s power to be discretionary. This is
because s 4(3) of the Act uses the word “may” while the preceding subsections
ss 4(1) and 4(2) of the Act employ the mandatory word “shall”. This means that
it is within the Registrar’s statute-given powers to register a society even
if it falls afoul of the Deceptive Resemblance or Identical Name grounds. A
discretion, which by its very definition, may or may not be exercised, cannot
fall within the definition of “rule of law”.

130 Even taking the Club’s argument at its highest and assuming that the
Registrar’s discretion to refuse registration amounts to prohibition by “rule
of law”, I agree with the PAR that the Club cannot succeed under s 7(5) of the
TMA because the word “use” relates to “actual use” in the trade mark sense and
does not cover the mere registration of a society for the following reasons:

(a) Sections 4(3)(c)(i) and 4(3)(c)(ii) of the Societies Act do not provide
the Registrar of Societies with authority over the use of any trade mark but
merely a limited authority over the registration of society names. The
Registrar cannot grant or prohibit the use of trade marks even if it is
identical to the name of a registered society.

(b) The “actual use” approach is in line with Scotch Whisky Association v
Isetan Mitsukoshi [2019] SGHC 200 (“Scotch Whisky Association”), the latest
local pronouncement on s 7(5) of the TMA. There, the “written law or rule of
law” refers to ss 3(2)(a), 3(2)(b) and 3(2)(d) of the Geographical Indications
Act (Cap 117B, 1999 Rev Ed) (“GIA”). In order for s 7(5) of the TMA to come
into play, there had to be “use of a geographical indication” under the
abovementioned sections of the GIA. The court thus had to decide what “use” in
the context of GIA meant. It held that the “plain and ordinary meaning of the
word ‘use’” should be employed and not the wider forms of “use” such as
“indirect commercial use” and “evocation”. While the High Court’s decision
appears to be primarily concerned with the word “use” as found in the
abovementioned sections of the GIA (as opposed to “use” under s 7(5) of the
TMA), I agree with the PAR’s observation that the relevant provisions of the
GIA all deal with instances of actual use. The dicta in Scotch Whisky
Association in relation to “use” can thus be extended by analogy to the
present case.

131 For completeness, I add one further observation as to why the Club’s
opposition on this ground must fail.

132 It would be against public policy to permit a registration in the Register
of Societies to block a trade mark application in the trade marks register.
The Societies Act and the TMA govern distinct regimes that deal with wholly
disparate subject matters. The latter governs the trade mark regime in
Singapore while the former

… plays a gate-keeping role in ensuring that groups which may be used for
unlawful purposes or pose a threat to public order, welfare or good order in
Singapore, or which will be contrary to our national interests are not allowed
to establish themselves in Singapore.

(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (19 May 2005) vol 77
Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee, Senior Minister of State for Home Affairs)

133 The logical corollary to allowing the opposition based on the Club’s
argument is that trade mark rights (which count as legal property) can
effectively be subordinated to the registration of a society name which does
not create legal rights. This would have far reaching practical consequences.
For one, a trade mark owner might be precluded from using its own Singapore
registered trade mark if an entity manages to register a society under an
identical or similar name. This is plainly unjust.

134 Such a result would also be at odds with practical realities because the
Registrar of Trade Marks does not conduct prior mark searches on the societies
register before registering a trade mark. The same can be said about the
Registrar of Societies; under s 4 of the Societies Act, the Registrar does not
have to consider the laws and principles of trade marks when registering a
society (or when refusing to do so). Thus, it would be against public policy
to allow an opposition under s 7(5) of the TMA on the basis of the Identical
Name ground.

135 To conclude, I find that the Club cannot rely on s 7(5) of the TMA read
with s 4(3)(c) of the Societies Act to mount an opposition against the
application of the first Application Mark, “HARVARD CLUB OF SINGAPORE”. The
last ground of opposition is accordingly rejected.

Conclusion

136 For the reasons set out above, I find that none of the grounds of
opposition are made out. I dismiss the appeal and affirm the PAR’s decision to
allow the registration of the Application Marks.

137 I will hear parties on costs if not agreed.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Wun Rizwi (RHTLaw Asia LLP) for the appellant;

Chew Lixian Ashley (Ella Cheong LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

