Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Singapore international commercial court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC(I) 25

Suit No 6 of 2018

Between

(1)| Esben Finance Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Incredible Power Limited  
(3)| Rayley Co Limited  
(4)| Lismore Trading Company Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Wong Hou-Lianq Neil  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

  
[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

[Limitation of Actions] — [When time begins to run]  
[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Esben Finance Ltd and others

  
v

  

Wong Hou-Lianq Neil

[2020] SGHC(I) 25

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 6 of 2018  
Henry Bernard Eder IJ  
13-17, 20-22 July, 20 August 2020

14 December 2020 Judgment reserved.

Henry Bernard Eder IJ:

Introduction

1 The trial of this action was conducted over some eight days using the Zoom
platform followed by the exchange of the parties’ detailed written submissions
on a number of important discrete points. With a very large volume of
documents (perhaps 40,000 or more in some 80 bundles) provided by the parties
in both electronic and hard-copy form and oral testimony from numerous factual
witnesses as well as experts on accountancy and foreign law, the conduct of
this trial presented considerable logistical difficulties. I am grateful for
the cooperation and assistance of counsel as well as the support from the
Singapore International Commercial Court (“SICC”) Registry which ensured the
smooth running of the trial.

2 The present action concerns a family dispute on a grand scale. I was told
that it forms only part of various proceedings in different jurisdictions
including Malaysia and the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). On the plaintiffs’
side, the main driver of the present action appears to be an individual called
Wong Kie Yik (“WKY”). The defendant, Neil Wong Hou-Lianq, is his nephew.

3 The first two plaintiffs, Esben Finance Limited (“Esben”) and Incredible
Power Limited (“Incredible Power”) are companies incorporated in the BVI. The
third and fourth plaintiffs, Rayley Co Limited (“Rayley”) and Lismore Trading
Company Ltd (“Lismore”) are companies incorporated in Liberia. All four
companies are (at least in a loose sense) part of what has been referred to in
this action as the WTK Group of companies (“WTK Group”) which was named after
its founder, the late Datuk Wong Tuong Kwang (“WTK”).

4 WTK was a successful Malaysian businessman whose empire spanned many
businesses, including timber logging and harvesting. The flagship company of
the WTK Group is WTK Realty Sdn Bhd (“WTK Realty”) which was incorporated in
Malaysia in the early 1980s. The WTK Group comprises over 50 companies, many
of which were incorporated in Sarawak, Malaysia with the WTK Group’s head
office situated in the capital, Sibu, Sarawak. Some of the companies in the
WTK Group or originally established by WTK were incorporated in Singapore,
Papua New Guinea, the BVI and Liberia (together, the companies incorporated in
Liberia and the BVI are referred to as the “Offshore Companies”) including the
plaintiffs.

5 An organogram submitted by the plaintiffs identifying in summary form the
relevant parts of the corporate structure of these companies is attached as
Annex A to this judgment although I should note that this organogram was
disputed in part by the defendant, the main areas of contention being with
regard to (a) the directorship of Incredible Power and Rayley; and (b) whether
one of the named companies viz Elite Honour Sdn Bhd (“Elite Honour”) should be
included as one of the “Logging Companies” (ie, the Malaysian companies that
were in the logging business). So far as relevant, I deal with these points
below.

6 Although the plaintiffs are, as I have said, part of the WTK Group at least
in a loose sense, it is important to note that they were not included in the
audited financial statements of WTK Realty. However, as appears from Annex A,
there is no doubt that there were common shareholdings between the plaintiffs
and other companies within the WTK Group strictly so-called. Further, the
consolidated accounts of the WTK Group reflect the close interplay between the
finances of the plaintiffs and that of the logging companies which were at the
heart of the WTK Group. As submitted on behalf of the defendant, this is
evident from the document titled “WTK Organisation – Consolidated Accounts”,
which shows that the WTK Group’s intercompany account balances would not be
complete without the inclusion of the plaintiffs’ account balances, which are
required to balance the debits and credits of the various companies within the
WTK Group. Thus, it is the defendant’s case that the Offshore Companies
including the plaintiffs were, in effect, treated as a single economic entity.

7 Be all this as it may, it is common ground that the Offshore Companies
including the plaintiffs were in the business of buying timber from the
Malaysian companies in the WTK Group and selling the timber on to third
parties including buyers in India, China, Japan and Taiwan. To that extent,
the plaintiffs were, in effect, intermediaries. On any view, there was plainly
a very close connection between the plaintiffs and the other companies within
the WTK Group strictly so called.

8 WTK had three sons, WKY, Wong Kie Nai (“WKN”) and Wong Kie Chie (“WKC”),
(together the “Wong Brothers”). They joined WTK in his business in the late
1960s and 1970s. According to WKY, the three brothers were “close” and had a
“very good relationship”.

9 Following a stroke in 1993, WTK handed over responsibility for the overall
management and control of the WTK Group as well as the plaintiffs to WKN, WKY
and WKC, although I should emphasise that one of the important issues in this
case concerns the precise part played by each of the individuals in that
context.

10 For present purposes, it is sufficient to note that it is the plaintiffs’
case that following WTK’s stroke, it was WKN who handled the day-to-day
management of a number of the Malaysian companies in the WTK Group, including
Elite Honour, Ocarina Development Sdn Bhd (“Ocarina”), Sunrise Megaway Sdn Bhd
(“Sunrise Megaway”), Harvard Rank Sdn Bhd (“Harvard Rank”), Faedah Mulia Sdn
Bhd (“Faedah Mulia”) and WTK Management Services Sdn Bhd (“WTK Management”).
It is common ground that at all material times, WTK Management provided
administrative services, including marketing and accounting to the Malaysian
companies in the WTK Group. Two of the plaintiffs’ witnesses, Ms Janice Ting
Soon Eng (“Ms Ting”) and Ms Helen Loh Leh Fong (“Ms Loh”), were (and are)
employees of WTK Management. Ms Ting joined WTK Management in 1982 as the head
of the accounts department. Today, she is its Chief Financial Officer. Ms Loh
joined WTK Management in 1989 as an accountant. Today, she is its Financial
Controller. Ms Loh also handled the accounts of Elite Honour, Ocarina and
Sunrise Megaway.

11 The evidence of Ms Ting and Ms Loh is that they reported to and worked
closely with WKN from the time they joined WTK Management until his death in
March 2013. According to Ms Ting, WKN was “authoritative and domineering” and
expected his employees to do as they were told. To similar effect, the
evidence of Ms Loh was that WKN was a “strong character” who was “very quick
but firm with his instructions” and expected his instructions to be carried
out immediately.

12 In summary, it is the plaintiffs’ case that WKN was also in charge of the
day-to-day management, affairs and business of the Offshore Companies
including the plaintiffs; that from 1993 until his own death in March 2013, it
was WKN who directed the plaintiffs’ affairs, made all the decisions affecting
the plaintiffs and exercised complete control over the plaintiffs; that
although WKY was the eldest of the three brothers, WKN became, in effect, the
patriarch of the family; and that he had absolute control over and could do
what he liked with the plaintiffs and would brook no interference.

13 At the material times, the plaintiffs each had US$ and/or S$ bank accounts
with the Singapore branch of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
(“HSBC”). Lismore, Rayley, and Incredible Power each had bank accounts in US$
and S$, while Esben had one bank account in US$ (“plaintiffs’ accounts”). WKN,
WKY and WKC were the authorised signatories of these accounts. Any one out of
the three authorised signatories’ signatures could authorise payments from the
plaintiffs’ accounts.

14 On 11 March 2013, WKN passed away after a period of illness leaving a
widow, Kathryn Ma Wai Fong (“Mdm Ma”) and two children, Neil Wong Hou Lianq
(the defendant) and Mimi Wong. On the death of WKN, effective control of the
WTK Group and the plaintiffs passed to WKY and WKC.

Summary of the plaintiffs’ case

15 In summary, it is the plaintiffs’ case that following WKN’s death, WKY and
WKC discovered that over a period of some 11 years between January 2001 and
November 2012, some 50 separate payments had been made from the plaintiffs’
various bank accounts on the instructions of WKN to the defendant amounting in
total to US$20,278,565.41 and S$4,473,100.52 (the “50 Payments”) in
circumstances where (so say the plaintiffs) WKY and WKC were unaware of these
payments to the defendant, the defendant did not provide any consideration to
the plaintiffs for those payments, the plaintiffs did not receive any benefit
from the defendant for those payments and those payments were made to the
defendant even though they were not in the plaintiffs’ interests.

16 A table setting out the date of each payment together with other relevant
information is attached as Annex B to this judgment.

17 It is the plaintiffs’ case that the 50 Payments to the defendant were
discovered by WKY only after WKN’s death in circumstances which are described
in paras 119 to 139 of WKY’s first affidavit of evidence in chief (“AEIC”). In
summary:

(a) Shortly after WKN’s death in March 2013, WKY looked into the accounts and
financial affairs of the companies that WKN had managed.

(b) As part of that exercise, WKY told Ms Ting to ask Mr Richard Tiang (“Mr
Tiang”) (who was, according to WKY, the person responsible for carrying our
administrative services for the plaintiffs including arranging payments to be
made from the plaintiffs’ HSBC bank accounts) what the balances in the HSBC’s
bank accounts were. Mr Tiang then sent the bank statements to Ms Ting who then
showed them to WKY.

(c) The bank statements showed that there was less than US$2.2m and S$1.3m in
the plaintiffs’ HSBC bank accounts. According to WKY, he was surprised at
these balances because they were much lower than what he had thought they
would be.

(d) WKY then asked Ms Ting to check with Mr Tiang why there was so little
money left in the plaintiffs’ bank accounts. According to WKY, Ms Ting was
supposed to speak with Mr Tiang and get back to him but she did not do so.

(e) About a year later, in March 2014, WKY reminded Ms Ting to check with Mr
Tiang, which Ms Ting said she would do.

(f) A few days later, Ms Ting told WKY that she had spoken to Mr Tiang and
that he (Mr Tiang) had told her that the balances were low because (according
to Mr Tiang) over many years, WKN had given instructions for large sums of
monies to be remitted from the plaintiffs’ accounts to the defendant by way of
telegraphic transfers.

(g) Mr Tiang gave Ms Ting certain further documents (including telegraphic
transfer forms (“TT forms”)) from which she prepared a summary showing that
between January 2001 and November 2012, the 50 Payments totalling
US$20,278,565.41 and S$4,673,100.52 were remitted from the plaintiffs’
accounts to the defendant’s bank accounts with American Express Bank Ltd,
Singapore and Standard Chartered Bank Singapore.

(h) Subsequently, Mr Tiang informed Ms Ting that he had on instructions given
to him by WKN in April 2012, destroyed the documents of all the Offshore
Companies, including the plaintiffs’ documents but only much later, ie, in
September 2014.

(i) After some further considerable delay, on 21 April 2016, Incredible Power,
Rayley and Lismore demanded that the defendant repay the monies that had been
remitted to him from their bank accounts. In those letters, Incredible Power,
Rayley and Lismore identified the amounts and dates of the payments. At that
time, Esben had been struck off the register.

18 It is an important part of the plaintiffs’ case that they did not, at the
time, receive any satisfactory response from the defendant (or Mdm Ma) to
those demands nor any explanation that might justify the receipt by the
defendant of the 50 Payments. Indeed, it is the plaintiffs’ case that WKN and
Mdm Ma had taken steps to ensure that WKY and WKC did not uncover the
documents relating to the 50 Payments and that correspondence in May 2016
shows that Mdm Ma and the defendant were surprised that WKY and WKC had found
out about them.

19 Thereafter, after some yet further delay, the plaintiffs commenced the
present action by issuing a Writ of Summons dated 20 November 2017. The date
is important because, as appears further below, it is the defendant’s case
that the plaintiffs’ claims in respect of 49 of the 50 Payments are time-
barred.

20 In this action, the plaintiffs seek recovery of the 50 Payments from the
defendant together with interest and costs. As pleaded, that claim is advanced
on four main grounds viz (a) unjust enrichment; (b) dishonest assistance; (c)
knowing receipt; and (d) unlawful means conspiracy.

21 In support of its claims, the plaintiffs also pursue tracing remedies
against what they say are the defendant’s assets. Pursuant to the court’s
order, the defendant has given substantial discovery of documents in relation
to his assets and such tracing exercise; and the tracing claims have been the
subject of detailed consideration by experts in accountancy as referred to
below. Prior to the trial, the defendant made an application to adjourn the
determination of these tracing claims until after determination of liability.
This was strenuously opposed by the plaintiffs. In the event, following a
contested hearing, I acceded to the defendant’s application - but decided
that, insofar as may be necessary, I would deal at this stage with any
particular issues of principle with regard to methodology.

Summary of the defendant’s case

22 The defendant admits that he received all the 50 Payments. However, he
denies any wrongdoing either on his part or on the part of his father, WKN;
and he denies any liability to the plaintiffs.

23 Moreover, it is the defendant’s case that both WKY and WKC had actual
knowledge or at least ought to have had knowledge of most if not all of the 50
Payments when they were made; and that, in that context, the defendant relies
heavily upon the fact that a large number – some 25 – of the 50 TT forms
authorising the 50 Payments made by the plaintiffs to the defendant bear WKY’s
initials or signature either on its own or together with WKN’s signature.

24 In summary, it is the defendant’s case that these claims are all time-
barred by virtue of s 6 of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)
(“Limitation Act”); and/or are barred by the doctrine of laches and/or the
doctrine of acquiescence. Alternatively, it is the defendant’s case that the
plaintiffs have failed to satisfy the legal burden of proof; and that the
claims should be rejected for that reason. In particular, it was submitted on
behalf of the defendant that, on the plaintiffs’ own case, all of its
witnesses had absolutely no involvement in the plaintiffs’ business prior to
March 2013; and that they therefore had no knowledge whatsoever as to the
purpose of the 50 Payments.

25 In the further alternative, the defendant has raised a number of
substantive positive defences. However, it is important to note that, as
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, the defendant’s case has changed more
than once with regard to these positive defences.

26 Thus, as pleaded in the original Defence served on 26 March 2018, the
defendant admitted at para 18 that he:

…did not provide any consideration to the [p]laintiffs for the [50 Payments]
and/or the [p]laintiffs did not receive any benefit from the [d]efendant for
the [50 Payments]….The [d]efendant trusted WKN as his father and had no reason
to believe or suspect that the [50 Payments] may have been made dishonestly
(which, in any event, is not admitted). Whether the [50 Payments] were in the
best interests of the [p]laintiffs and whether there were business or other
reasons for the [50 Payments] are and/or ought to be within the knowledge of
the [p]laintiffs and their directors.

Further, in para 19 of the original Defence, the defendant positively averred
that he did “not know whether any consideration was provided to the
[p]laintiffs for the [50 Payments] by any other persons including WKN and if
the [p]laintiffs received any benefit from any other persons including WKN for
the [50 Payments].”

27 Some nine months after service of the original Defence and after new
lawyers (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) had been instructed, the defendant
changed his position with extensive deletions and additions to his pleading.
Thus, in Defence (Amendment No 1) dated 10 January 2019, paras 18 and 19 of
the original Defence as referred to above were deleted; and the defendant set
out in some detail and at considerable length a positive case with regard to
the payments in question. In particular, it was pleaded at para 4(d) that:

…The WTK Group was controlled by the Wong brothers. The Wong brothers treated
the various companies within the WTK Group as a single economic entity. There
was a general practice of offsetting the companies’ balances against one
another and utilising the funds of a company within the WTK Group which at the
material time had sufficient funds to pay for the debts of another company
within the WTK Group. As a result, inter-company debts developed between the
companies within the WTK Group.

Further, at para 4(e), it was pleaded:

The [50 Payments] were not wrongful as they were either: (i) transactions made
in the course of the running of the various businesses of the WTK Group and/or
in connection thereof; or (ii) gifts from WKN to the [d]efendant, his mother
and/or his sister.

28 Paragraphs 37 to 63 of Defence (Amendment No 1) then set out what were, in
effect, particulars of these alleged “transactions’’ and “gifts”. In broad
summary, it was the defendant’s case that the “transactions” consisted of
various payments made by the plaintiffs to him “on behalf of” certain
Malaysian companies pursuant to oral “agreements” involving him and his father
to settle the “debts” that those Malaysian companies owed the defendant’s
companies and the defendant; and that the “gifts” were made in the context of
a “close and loving relationship” which, until WKN passed away in 2013,
existed between WKN, Mdm Ma, the defendant and Mimi Wong. In particular, it
was pleaded:

(a) 22 payments totalling US$11,078,618.84 and S$2,479,852.43 were made in the
connection with “logging and transportation services provided by the
defendant’s company [ie, Golden Cash Harvest Sdn Bhd (“GCH”)] to the WTK
Group”.

(b) 15 payments totalling US$3,772,912.83 and S$1,325,544.42 were made in
connection with “management consultancy services provided by the defendant’s
company [ie, Demeter Resources Management Sdn Bhd, formerly known as Archer
Oscar Sdn Bhd (“DRM”)] to the WTK Group”.

(c) Three payments totalling US$442,729.17 and S$867,703.67 were made in
connection with “the provision of timber logs from the defendant’s company
[ie, WTK Reforestation Sdn Bhd (“WTK Reforestation”)] to the WTK Group”.

(d) Three payments of US$50,000, US$179,456 and US$263,852 were “directors’
fees and/or shareholder dividends for the defendant’s directorships and
shareholding within the WTK Group”.

(e) 11 payments totalling US$4,490,997 were gifts from WKN to the defendant,
Mdm Ma and/or Mimi Wong.

As already stated, these payments are all listed in Appendix B to this
judgment. By way of clarification, it is important to note that whereas, as I
have said, there were 50 payments in total, it is the defendant’s case that
four of these payments were in, in effect, split into two parts. Hence the
total number of the payments identified in sub-paragraphs (a)-(e) is 54.

29 As a result of the defendant’s pleading concerning the alleged
“transactions” in the Defence (Amendment No 1), the plaintiffs say that they
had to undertake a massive and expensive inquiry into the Malaysian companies’
documents. The plaintiffs say that that exercise showed no record of any such
“debts” to the defendant’s companies or the defendant. Thus, it was submitted
on behalf of the plaintiffs that that meant that the plaintiffs could not have
made the 39 payments to the defendant as pleaded in the amended Defence “on
behalf of” the Malaysian companies; that that new defence had been “trumped
up”; and that it was for this reason that having been caught out, and knowing
that he would not be able to defend his lie, the defendant decided not to
testify.

30 Thereafter, the plaintiffs say that the defendant changed his case again.
As advanced in the AEICs of his witnesses, that case is that the Malaysian
companies’ services were split into “onshore” and “offshore” components and
the payments to him were for the “offshore” payments that were not documented.
The nub of that case appeared at paras 90 to 91 of the AEIC of Mdm Ma. That
evidence was the focus of much attention during the trial and it is therefore
convenient to quote it in full:

90\. … From 2001, the structure of the contract fees changed from being paid
entirely onshore to being partly paid onshore (directly from Elite Honour) and
partly paid offshore (from the Offshore Companies). The arrangement from 2001
onwards was as follows:

(a) The logs produced by Elite Honour and GCH were sold to Harvard Rank, one
of the Logging Companies.

(b) Harvard Rank sold timber logs to the Offshore Companies who would then
sell them to end customers.

(c) GCH would be partly paid for its service by way of onshore payments in
Malaysia by Elite Honour and the remaining part of its dues will be paid by
way of offshore payments from the Offshore Companies which would make the
payments directly to [the defendant] (on Elite Honour’s behalf).

91\. The change in payment structure was not proposed by [the defendant] or
[Mdm Ma]; it was suggested by someone on the WTK Group side. I do not exactly
recall who it was but it is likely to have been WKN. I had no objections to
the change in payment structure as a shareholder and director of GCH and
agreed that the entire offshore amounts be paid to [the defendant]. It was the
then practice of the Logging Companies to pay a portion of the logging
expenses onshore through the Logging Companies themselves and the remainder
offshore through the Offshore Companies. By routing the log sales of the
Logging Companies through the Offshore Companies, the Offshore Companies ended
up holding the revenue received from the end buyers. The Offshore Companies
did not transmit the full sale price back to the Logging Companies; instead,
they retained some revenue and paid part of the logging fees and expenses
offshore; the remaining portion of such fees and expenses were paid onshore by
the Logging Companies. From the perspective of a logging contractor such as
GCH, the splitting of the logging fees and expenses into onshore and offshore
components resulted in its income (and consequently taxes payable) being
lowered….

31 It was the plaintiffs’ case that none of this had been pleaded. This gave
rise to considerable dispute between counsel; and a number of court hearings.
It is unnecessary to set this out in detail. For present purposes, it is
sufficient to note that the defendant applied to amend further his Defence on
successive occasions in the lead-up to trial; and, with very considerable and
increasing reluctance, I allowed three further amendments viz Defence
(Amendment No 2) dated 25 April 2020; Defence (Amendment No 3) dated 10 June
2020 and Defence (Amendment No 4) dated 8 July 2020, the last being only a few
days before the commencement of the trial.

32 For present purposes, the most important of these amendments was an
amendment to para 4(d) and, in particular, the introduction of a new para
4(d)(iv) of the Defence and new particulars thereunder which were again the
focus of close attention at the trial and which (as they stood as at the
beginning of the trial) were as follows:

4(d) The [p]laintiffs were part of the WTK Group which is headquartered in
Sibu (defined in paragraph 7(a) below). The WTK Group was controlled by the
Wong brothers. The Wong brothers treated the various companies within the WTK
Group as a single economic entity. There was a general practice of offsetting
the companies’ balances against one another and utilising the funds of a
company within the WTK Group which at the material time had sufficient funds
to pay for the debts of another company within the WTK Group which affected
the inter-company debt position as between the two affected companies. As a
result, inter-company debts developed between the companies within the WTK
Group.

Particulars

Pending discovery and/or interrogatories, the best particulars which the
[d]efendant is presently able to provide are as follows:

(i) The various companies within the WTK Group are set out at Annex B of this
Defence (Amendment No 3).

(ii) The Wong brothers treated these companies within the WTK Group as a
single economic entity from or around the time of their respective
incorporation, the dates of which are also set out in Annex B of this Defence
(Amendment No 3).

(iii) The Wong brothers treated the companies within the WTK Group as a single
economic entity for cashflow purposes. As pleaded above, the debts of one
group company were paid by another group company which had sufficient funds at
the time. The payment by the latter company would be recorded as a debt in the
books and/or records of both companies – in the latter’s books and/or records
as a debt owing by the former to it and in the former’s books and/or records
as a debt owing to the latter.

(iv) The [p]laintiffs sold timber logs which originated from the Malaysian
companies in the WTK Group which were in the logging business (“Logging
Companies”) to buyers overseas. The [p]laintiffs held a part of the proceeds
from the timber sales and distributed such proceeds to the shareholders of the
Logging Companies principally by way of cash dividends, from time to time.

Particulars

The best particulars which can presently be provided are as follows:

(1) The Logging Companies included Sunrise Megaway…; Ocarina …; Faedah Mulia…;
Jumbo Logging Sdn Bhd; Harvard Rank…; Harbour View Realty Sdn Bhd; Hung Ling
Sawmill; Systematic Logging Sdn Bhd; Tekun Enterprises, Salwong Sdn Bhd and
Syarikat Miri Sawmill.

(2) From 2001 to 2012, cash totalling around US$67.35 million and S$2.76
million were withdrawn by way of house cheques from the [p]laintiffs’ bank
accounts.

(3) From the mid-1980s up to 1988 and in one further instance in about 2000,
the [d]efendant’s mother distributed cash dividends to the shareholders of the
Logging Companies. The [d]efendant’s mother cannot recall the details of the
cash dividends of the cash dividends distributed [sic].

33 In broad terms, the purpose of the new para 4(d)(iv) was to allow the
defendant to advance a positive case (the “para 4(d)(iv) practice”) as
reflected in paras 90 to 91 of the AEIC of Mdm Ma quoted above.

34 In response, the plaintiffs served their Reply (Amendment No 2) which
joined issue with this new case and, further, raised a new important plea of
illegality. In summary, as set out in para 2B of the Reply (Amendment No 2)
dated 3 July 2020, it was the plaintiffs’ case that taking the defendant’s
case at its highest (which the plaintiffs denied) most of the payments (apart
from those which are said to be gifts from WKN, directors’ fees or shareholder
dividends) would have been made pursuant to an arrangement between WKN and the
defendant and/or the defendant’s companies “that was illegal and/or involved
illegal acts and/or a conspiracy to evade taxes under Malaysian law”; and that
the defendant “cannot and/or is precluded from and/or the [c]ourt will not
recognise, or allow him to rely on, such arrangement as a defence to the
[p]laintiffs’ causes of action”. I shall refer to the foregoing as the
“illegality issue”.

35 The plaintiffs also say that the defendant’s narrative on the other
payments has shifted. In his original Defence, the defendant did not
specifically mention that any of the 50 Payments were “gifts”. Then, in
Defence (Amendment No 1) he claimed that he reasonably and honestly believed
that some 11 payments were gifts from WKN and that they “formed part of WKN’s
entitlement of the assets held by the [p]laintiffs or were otherwise WKN’s own
funds which were routed through the [p]laintiffs” because WKN was a
“beneficial owner” of the plaintiffs. It was the plaintiffs’ case that there
were “serious problems” with this new case; and that, as a result, the
defendant advanced a new case viz that the plaintiffs held the timber sales
proceeds for the shareholders of the Logging Companies; and that it was the
“practice” of these companies to “route” the sale of their timber through the
plaintiffs which then collected the sale proceeds and distributed them in cash
to the shareholders of the Malaysian companies, including WKN. In summary, it
was the plaintiffs’ case that if the defendant’s new case is to be believed,
that would mean that this alleged “practice” involved black money; that, again
taking the defendant’s case at its highest, WKN had no right to the monies
that he allegedly gifted his son; that he (ie, WKN) would be entitled to that
money only if the Malaysian companies which were entitled to the sale proceeds
declared dividends. The plaintiffs argued that until that happened, WKN had no
business treating the monies as his own; and that, in any event, there is no
evidence that the logging companies had made profits from which dividends
could be declared. The plaintiffs say that, realising this, the defendant has
once again tried to change his narrative on the “gifts” (at least in part).
The defendant now claims, in the last amendment application (which I again
reluctantly allowed) that a further three payments, which he had previously
described were directors’ fees and/or shareholder dividends “could in fact be
gifts which were made by WKN”.

36 The plaintiffs say that the ease with which the defendant has changed his
case, including at a very late hour shortly before the commencement of the
trial, shows that he is just making things up as he goes along. In particular,
it was submitted by the plaintiffs in their Opening Statement: “[the
defendant] tries one fiction. When it falls flat on its face, [the defendant]
changes his story to overcome the flaws. This is not a game. But the
[d[efendant does not care.”

37 I have set out the foregoing at some length because it provides an
important overall view of the background to the trial and the issues which
arise with regard to the positive substantive defences raised by the
defendant.

38 The end result is that the defendant’s case as advanced at trial was, in
summary, as follows:

(a) The plaintiffs have failed to satisfy their own burden of proof to
establish any of the causes of action advanced by them against the defendant.

(b) In any event, the defendant denies any wrongdoing by his father, WKN, or
himself.

(c) The other directors of the plaintiffs, WKY and WKC, were or ought to have
been aware of the payments – or at least most of them.

(d) The payments were all made for legitimate purposes. In particular:

(i) 36 of the payments were made on behalf of the WTK Group for goods and/or
services which were provided by companies controlled by Mdm Ma and the
defendant (the “36 payments”). These 36 payments may be grouped into the
following categories of services viz (A) services provided by GCH; (B)
services provided by DRM; (C) supply of timber logs from WTK Reforestation.

(ii) Three of the payments comprised the defendant’s entitlement to directors’
fees and/or shareholders dividends; alternatively were gifts made by WKN.

(iii) 11 of the payments comprise WKN’s entitlement from the plaintiffs which
he in turn gifted to the defendant/his mother and/or his sister.

The Evidence

39 The following individuals provided AEICs and were cross-examined in the
course of the trial:

(a) On behalf of the plaintiffs:

(i) WKY: He was born in 1941. As he told the court at the beginning of his
oral evidence, he had certain health issues. In giving evidence, he appeared
to me somewhat frail and it was obvious that he had difficulty in remembering
certain matters although that is perhaps unsurprising given that some of the
relevant events stretch back almost 20 years.

(ii) Ms Ting: she joined WTK Management in 1982 as the head of the accounts
department and is now the Chief Financial Officer (see [10] above).

(iii) Ms Loh: she joined WTK Management in 1989. In 2007, she was promoted to
the position of Financial Controller of WTK Management, a position which she
still holds today (see [10] above).

(b) On behalf of the defendant:

(i) Mdm Ma: as noted above, she is the widow of WKN and the mother of the
defendant.

(ii) Chieng Muk Pang (“Mr Chieng”): from July 2000 to October 2015, he was
employed as a Chief Surveyor by GCH whose directors and shareholders are Mdm
Ma and the defendant.

(iii) Hii Siik Kiong (“Mr Hii”): he joined the WTK Group in 1990 as a logging
camp manager in Papua New Guinea. In about 1999, he joined GCH as Operational
General Manager reporting directly to the defendant. He continued in that role
until 2010 when he was promoted to General Manager, his current position,
again reporting directly to the defendant.

(iv) Ling Thien Kwong (“LTK”): he joined the WTK Group as a management trainee
in March 1999. In October 2003, he left the WTK Group and joined GCH as an
assistant accountant. In 2005, he was promoted to the role of Senior Accounts
Supervisor for the GCH group of companies which comprised a number of
businesses owned by the defendant and Mdm Ma including GCH, DRM and WTK
Reforestation. (Their shares in WTK Reforestation were sold to the WTK Group
in 2007).

(v) Ling Heu Chong (“Mr Ling”). From 2001 to 2014, he was employed as a Log
Pond Supervisor by Harvard Rank.

40 The plaintiffs also relied upon the evidence contained in two affidavits of
Mr Tiang dated 28 August 2018 and 11 October 2018. He was previously employed
by a company in Singapore, Double Ace Trading Co (Pte) Ltd (“Double Ace”)
which had offices at 3 Shenton Way # 20-08, Shenton House, Singapore 068805.
The directors and shareholders of Double Ace included WKN, WKY and WKC.
However, the precise organisational structure of Double Ace is unclear.
According to WKY, an individual called Ong Kim Siong was the “resident
director” but the plaintiffs’ operations were run administratively by Mr
Tiang: he was “working for looking, after [sic]” the four offshore companies,
ie, the plaintiffs. According to WKY, Mr Tiang was first employed by WTK as a
clerk; and “years later” was promoted by WKN to the position of “accounts
clerk”. He was, again according to WKY, responsible for carrying out
administrative services for the plaintiffs including arranging for payments to
be made from the plaintiffs’ HSBC accounts on the instructions of WTK or WKN.
It is not clear what other individuals (if any) were employed by Double Ace.
There was a suggestion that Double Ace did not have any employees other than
Mr Tiang. However, it is fair to say that WKY stated in para 65 of his AEIC
that WTK and WKN “used to work closely with Double Ace’s employees
particularly Mr Tiang”; and, as already noted, in his oral evidence WKY
referred to an individual called Ong Kim Siong as the “resident director”.
Notwithstanding, the number of other individuals who may have been employed by
Double Ace at any one time is unknown; and certainly no other individuals were
identified by name. Who these supposed employees were (if there were any) is
unknown.

41 In my judgment, there is no doubt that Mr Tiang was, during the relevant
period, a key individual acting directly on the instructions of WKN. In his
own words, he was, the “[p]laintiffs’ bookkeeper”.

42 However, it is important to note that Mr Tiang is a convicted criminal and,
as I understand, currently serving a substantial prison sentence. In February
2019, he pleaded guilty to and was convicted of some 15 criminal charges, with
a further 54 charges taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing,
of, inter alia, dishonest misappropriation of some S$46.2 million of the
plaintiffs’ monies over an extended period of time. Thus, he is a convicted
fraudster on a massive scale.

43 Mr Tiang was not called to give evidence. However, on the plaintiffs’
application, I allowed these two affidavits to be adduced in evidence pursuant
to s 32(1)(j)(i) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) on the basis that
Mr Tiang was unfit to give evidence because of his physical and medical
condition as a result of a stroke. My reasons for so doing are set out in a
separate ruling dated 8 June 2020 which I do not propose to repeat. For
present purposes, it is sufficient to note that (a) it was undisputed that Mr
Tiang was unfit to give evidence at the date of the trial; (b) I considered
the evidence in those affidavits potentially relevant; and (c) I rejected the
defendant’s submission that I should exclude such evidence as a matter of
discretion under s 32(3) of the Evidence Act, in particular, on grounds of low
probative value or unreliability. However, as recognised by s 32(5) of the
Evidence Act and as I emphasised in my ruling at the time, it remains to
consider what weight, if any, to give to such evidence. So far as relevant, I
deal with this further below.

44 Both parties also served expert reports on certain accounting issues viz
from Mr Andrew Heng (“Mr Heng”), a partner of Ferrier Hodgson MH Sdn Bhd
(appointed on behalf of the plaintiffs) and Mr Michael Peer, Head of Disputes
Advisory and a partner in PricewaterhouseCoopers South East Asia Consulting’s
Forensic Team (appointed on behalf of the defendant). Both these experts gave
evidence during the trial.

45 In addition, both parties submitted reports in the form of written
submissions or affidavits from experts on foreign law as follows:

(a) Malaysian law: On behalf of the plaintiffs, Mr Subbramaniam A/L Arjunan of
Shanker & Arjunan & Chua, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. On behalf of the defendant,
Mr Saravana Kumar Segaran of Rosli Dahlan Saravana Partnership, Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia. Both these experts gave oral evidence and were cross-examined during
the trial. Their evidence was concerned with the illegality issue.

(b) BVI law: on behalf of the plaintiffs, Mr Kenneth MacLean QC of One Essex
Court, London. On behalf of the defendant, Mr Shaun Raymond Folpp of Mourant
Ozannes, BVI.

(c) Liberian law: On behalf of the plaintiffs, Mr T Negbalee Warner of
Heritage Partners & Associates, Liberia. On behalf of the defendant, Benedict
F Sannoh of Sannoh & Partners, Liberia.

46 In broad terms, the submissions of the experts on BVI law and Liberian law
were concerned principally with the rights and duties of a director of a
company incorporated in the respective jurisdictions with regard to the
defendant’s time-bar defence. With the consent of the parties, it was agreed
that such submissions could be placed before the court in written form without
the makers themselves addressing the court orally and that counsel were at
liberty to make such submissions in relation thereto as might be appropriate.
So far as relevant, I deal with these submissions below – although I should
mention that it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the time-bar
defence raised by the defendant did not depend on either BVI law or Liberian
law but ultimately depended on the law of Singapore and, in particular, the
scope and effect of s 29 of the Limitation Act.

47 The evidence in this case has raised various difficult issues for a number
of reasons which it is convenient to note and so far as necessary address at
this stage. I deal with these difficulties under a number of heads as set out
below.

(i) Oral Evidence; absence of critical witnesses.

48 I have already identified the three witnesses who provided AEICs and were
called to give evidence on behalf of the plaintiffs viz WKY, Ms Ting and Ms
Loh. So far as relevant, I deal with their evidence below. However, at this
stage, it is important to note that, as I have said, WKY (who is a director of
the plaintiffs and, as I have said, is obviously the main driver behind the
present proceedings) is now almost 80 years old and suffering from health
issues and a failing memory. Moreover, his own evidence was that prior to
2013, he had no involvement in the management of the plaintiffs or even the
wider WTK Group; that he trusted WKN and did not press him for information (in
particular, information with regard to the TT forms which he accepted he had
signed) because he wanted “to maintain the good relationship with [WKN]”. To
that extent, his evidence was, in one sense, of limited assistance. Further,
the evidence of the other witnesses called on behalf of the plaintiffs (Ms
Ting and Ms Loh) was, in my view, equally of limited assistance in supporting
the plaintiffs’ case on the key issues.

49 Second, following the death of WTK, it was the plaintiffs’ case (which I
accept) that WKN effectively took control of the WTK Group and “ran the show”.
This continued to be the position until at least March 2011 when, due to
illness, he went to Australia for medical treatment. It is obvious that until
that time, he managed and controlled the plaintiffs and to some extent at
least continued to do so until his death some two years later. No doubt, WKN’s
evidence would have been most valuable and provided answers to key questions.
However, because of his death in March 2013, this was, of course, impossible.
The result is that the present trial was, in a sense, Hamlet without the
prince.

50 Unfortunately, the trial proceeded in the absence of at least three further
potentially crucial witnesses viz:

(a) Mr Tiang: as stated above, he was, in his own words, the “[p]laintiffs’
bookkeeper”. As such, his evidence would have been very valuable indeed.
However, as I have also already explained, he was unfit to give evidence
because of a stroke last year.

(b) WKC: he went to live in Australia during the 1980s. He appears to have
played little, if any part, in the plaintiffs’ business operations. To that
extent, his absence would seem of little, if any, relevance.

(c) The defendant himself.

51 The absence of the defendant was the subject of major attack by counsel on
behalf of the plaintiffs given, in particular, that it was undisputed that he
could, if he wished, have attended the trial and given evidence. Further, as
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, it is noteworthy that the defendant has
been intimately involved in this dispute and the conduct of the present
proceedings in the course of which he has filed no less than 30 affidavits
including affidavits in support of his first and second applications to amend
the Defence where he claimed to have personal knowledge of the (alleged) para
4(d)(iv) practice and the (alleged) agreements/arrangements. The defendant
also continued to file affidavits after Mdm Ma said in her AEIC of 21 January
2020 that the defendant would not be coming to give evidence. In fact, he
signed his latest affidavit even after the trial, ie, on 28 July 2020.

52 There is no suggestion that the defendant was unfit or otherwise unable to
attend the trial and give evidence. On the contrary, it is undisputed that his
non-attendance was the result of his own deliberate decision.

53 Various explanations have been offered for the defendant’s absence. But I
accept that, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, none of them
satisfactorily explains his absence.

54 First, Mdm Ma said in her AEIC that the defendant was not testifying
because the present action was “frivolous and baseless”. However, even if that
is her belief, I do not consider that this is an acceptable reason for the
defendant’s absence. As submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, a reason that
relates to the merits of this action is not an acceptable explanation (see
Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141 (“Sudha”) at
[21]); and, in any case, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, I accept
that Mdm Ma’s explanation makes little sense: if Mdm Ma or the defendant
believed that this action was “frivolous and baseless”, it seems difficult, if
not impossible, to understand why there was reason to call any witnesses at
all. But the defendant called six witnesses including, of course, Mdm Ma
herself.

55 Second, it was submitted in the defendant’s Opening Statement that his
witnesses were able to give the “necessary evidence on the true nature and
circumstances under which the [50] Payments were made”. In my judgment, that
submission overstates the position. I readily accept that the evidence of Mdm
Ma was potentially of assistance. So too was the evidence of Mr Hii, LTK and
Mr Ling, although, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, these witnesses
could say nothing about the alleged “gifts” and were not personally present
when the alleged “agreement[s]” and “arrangement[s] and/or understanding[s]”
relied upon by the defendant with regard to the other payments were entered
into. In any event, there can be no doubt that the evidence of the defendant
himself would have been very valuable with regard to the alleged “gifts” as
well as the alleged agreements, arrangements or understandings which are the
foundation of the defendant’s positive case with regard to the other payments
and also determining the true nature and circumstances under which the 50
Payments were made.

56 Third, Mdm Ma claimed during cross-examination that she had discussed the
“frivolous and baseless” allegations with the defendant and told him that she
would testify. On behalf of the plaintiffs, it was submitted that this makes
no sense because Mdm Ma was not in any position to give evidence on the
allegations against WKN and, as she herself admitted, she was not involved in
the management of the plaintiffs. So far as relevant, I deal with Mdm Ma’s
evidence below. In any event, I accept that her desire and attempt to respond
to allegations against WKN does not explain satisfactorily why the defendant
did not testify.

57 Finally, Mdm Ma said that the defendant did not testify because this action
is part of WKY’s plan to harass the defendant and “all the case is about
documentation [sic]”. Mdm Ma may well be right in suggesting that the present
action is part of WKY’s plan to harass the defendant, at least from her own
perspective and that of the defendant. (Once again, it is noteworthy, that
following the death of WKN, there have been numerous highly contentious and
acrimonious legal proceedings - in particular, in Malaysia and the BVI -
between or at least involving, on the one hand, WKY, and, on the other hand,
Mdm Ma and the defendant in relation to allegations of fraudulent conduct by
WKN during his lifetime.) However, be that as it may, the present case raises
serious allegations against the defendant; and the fact that she and the
defendant may perceive the present action to be part of WKY’s plan to harass
the defendant is, in my view, no or at least no proper justification for the
defendant’s decision not to give evidence. Further, the suggestion that the
case is about “documentation” is inconsistent with Mdm Ma’s own evidence that
the payments to the defendant were deliberately kept off the books.

58 In light of the above, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that
having regard to (a) the defendant’s absence at trial in circumstances where
(say the plaintiffs) he is the only person alive who knows why the payments
were made to him; (b) the absence of any credible explanation for the
defendant’s deliberate decision not to testify; and (c) the many shifts in his
defence, the court should draw a two-fold adverse inference against the
defendant viz:

(a) First, the court should infer that the defendant has been lying about the
reasons why he says he received the payments. Where a party who personally
knows the whole circumstances does not give evidence and submit to cross-
examination, his non-appearance as a witness would be the strongest possible
circumstance to discredit the truth of his case (citing SC Sarkar, Sarkar Law
of Evidence vol 3 (LexisNexis, 2016 Ed) (“Sarkar”) at p 2724; Tan Eck Hong v
Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd [2012] SGHC 240 at [37]).

(b) Second, the court should draw the inference that the 50 Payments were not
made for the reasons advanced in any versions of the Defence. The effect of an
adverse inference is to strengthen the evidence against the defendant, ie, to
increase the weight of the evidence given on such issue by the plaintiffs and
to show that the payments were not made in the course of plaintiffs’ business
or in its interests or for its benefit: see Wisniewski v Central Manchester
Health Authority [1998] PIQR 324 (“Wisniewski”) at 339.

59 In support of that submission, the plaintiffs further relied upon a number
of authorities including ARS v ART and another [2015] SGHC 78 at [137]-[141],
[147]; and Red Star Marine Consultants Pte Ltd v Personal Representatives of
the Estate of Satwant Kaur d/o Sardara Singh, deceased and another [2019] SGHC
144 at [75].

60 On behalf of the defendant, it was accepted that under s 116(g) of the
Evidence Act the court may in certain circumstances be entitled to draw
adverse inferences from the absence of a witness. However, in summary, it was
submitted on behalf of the defendant:

(a) Whether an adverse inference should be drawn will depend on all the
evidence adduced, and the circumstances of each case: there is “no fixed and
immutable rule of law” for the drawing of such an inference: Sudha ([54]
supra) at [19]-[20]; Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 (“Tribune”) at [50].

(b) The effect of an adverse inference is to “strengthen” the evidence adduced
on that issue by the other party or to “weaken” the evidence, if any, adduced
by the party who might reasonably have been expected to call the witness:
Sudha at [20(b)].

(c) However, an adverse inference is not invariably drawn whenever a party
fails to give evidence. If the reason for the witness’s absence or silence can
be explained to the satisfaction of the court, then no adverse inference may
be drawn: Sudha at [20(d)].

(d) Significantly, the defendant’s absence does not in any way diminish the
plaintiffs’ burden to establish primary facts establishing a prima facie case
on its claims: Cheong Ghim Fah and another v Murugian so Rangasamy [2004] 1
SLR(R) 628 (“Cheong”) at [38] . The drawing of an adverse inference cannot be
used as a mechanism to shore up glaring deficiencies in the opposite party's
case, which on its own is unable to meet up to the requisite burden of proof:
Tribune at [50].

I accept these submissions. In particular, the exposition of relevant
principles as set out in the judgment of VK Rajah JC (as he then was) in
Cheong at [38]-[44] is, in my view, very helpful and one which I readily
adopt.

61 Here, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that no adverse inference
should be drawn by reason of the absence of the defendant for the following
reasons:

(a) The plaintiffs have failed to make out even a prima facie case of any of
the four claims put forth by them. On this basis alone, the court should
refuse to exercise its discretion to draw an adverse inference against the
defendant: Tribune at [50]-[51].

(b) In any event, the adverse inferences suggested by the plaintiffs consists
of vague allegations that the defendant is not testifying because his evidence
would “be adverse to or undermine” various aspects of his defence. This is
inadequate since the plaintiffs must identify with specificity what inference
it invites the court to draw, and the precise manner and extent to which the
evidence not given would have been unfavourable to the defendant. The court
cannot simply speculate as to what the evidence may show: Sudha at [23];
Independent State of Papua New Guinea v PNG Sustainable Development Program
Ltd [2019] SGHC 68 (“PNG”) at [83].

62 As to these submissions, my observations and conclusions are as follows:

(a) There is no obligation on a defendant to give evidence. As stated by VK
Rajah JC in Cheong at [39], it is perfectly permissible for a party not to
call witnesses or adduce evidence on any material point in issue.

(b) However, as I have already concluded, there is, in my view, no
satisfactory explanation as to why the defendant has deliberately chosen not
to give evidence. In such circumstances, it seems to me that it is certainly
open for the court to draw adverse inferences against the defendant. Indeed,
in the present circumstances as I have already described, it seems to me that
this is a paradigm case for the court to draw appropriate adverse inferences
against the defendant.

(c) The adverse inferences which the plaintiffs have invited the court to draw
are not, in my view, “inadequate” or lacking in specificity.

(d) In deciding whether to draw an adverse inference, it is important to
exercise caution so as, in effect, not to reverse the burden of proof. As
appears from the citation by Rajah JC in Cheong at [42] to a passage in the
decision of the English Court of Appeal in Wisniewski ([58(b)] supra) at 340
(see also Sudha at [20]):

(3) There must, however, have been some evidence, however weak adduced by the
[party inviting the court to make the adverse inference] on the matter in
question before the court is entitled to draw the desired inference: in other
words, there must be a case to answer on that issue. [emphasis added]

(e) In light of the above, I propose to deal with the question as to what, if
any adverse inference(s) are to be drawn when considering the merits of the
plaintiffs’ various claims and, in particular, whether they have established a
“case to answer” and, even in such case, what if any adverse inferences might
properly be drawn.

(ii) Time of Relevant Events

63 Second, as already noted, the 50 Payments which are the subject of the
present proceedings cover an extended period of some 11 years stretching back
between 2001-2012 the earliest of which is almost 20 years ago. In these
circumstances, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that it is hardly
surprising that it was difficult, if not impossible, for him to recollect at
least initially when the plaintiffs’ claims were first advanced, the exact
true purpose of many of the payments which are the subject of these
proceedings; and that this explains the various iterations of his pleaded
Defence. I have some sympathy with that submission. Indeed, it is noteworthy
that in the course of cross-examination, WKY was himself unable to explain the
nature or purpose of a number of specific substantial payments that appear
from bank statements to have been paid out of the plaintiffs’ bank accounts to
him.

(iii) Plaintiffs’ documentary record

64 Third, I readily accept that the difficulties caused by the fact that
proceedings may involve events many years ago are sometimes solved or at least
alleviated by an examination of the relevant documentary record. Indeed, in
such cases, the contemporaneous documents are very often the most important
and most reliable source of evidence. However, there are, in the present case,
significant gaps in the available documents. Indeed, that is, in my view, a
gross understatement. That is so for two main reasons.

65 First, as I have said, the plaintiffs are offshore companies registered in
either the BVI or Liberia. The companies did not have any employees of their
own. They did not themselves keep or produce any financial documents or
statements. The plaintiffs’ position was that WTK Management did not provide
any marketing or accounting services to the plaintiffs. Rather, all
administrative services were provided by Double Ace. According to WKY, WTK
originally had a room to himself at Double Ace’s office where he would attend
to the affairs and business of the Offshore Companies including the
plaintiffs; and WKN also occupied a separate room in that office which WKC and
WKY would use when they visited. According to WKY, the services provided by
Double Ace included updating and maintaining the plaintiffs’ financial
records, liaising with the banks, and arranging for payments to be made from
the plaintiffs’ bank accounts in Singapore.

66 However, so far as Ms Ting was aware, the plaintiffs had no proper
accounting system. Her unchallenged evidence was that apart from certain
“intercompany ledgers” or “subledgers”, no trial balances were ever prepared;
as far as she was aware, there were no financial statements, no monthly
management accounts, no year-end accounts. Certainly, apart from various banks
statements and a limited number of what have been referred to as the “CAD
Documents” (as to which see further below), no proper financial statements or
other records have been produced by the plaintiffs.

67 The absence of any such documents represents a major lacuna in the evidence
before the court for which, it should be noted, the defendant is in no way to
blame. The foregoing reinforces the reason why the evidence of Mr Tiang would
certainly have been most valuable. However, as already noted above, he could
not be called as a witness at trial; and what he said in the two affidavits
which I did allow in evidence was of limited assistance with regard to the
main issues in this case – and on one specific point (as to which see below)
was highly controversial.

68 Second, it is undisputed that a very large number of the plaintiffs’
documents were deliberately destroyed by Mr Tiang. As set out in paras 24 and
25 of Mr Tiang’s affidavit dated 28 August 2018, his evidence is that WKN
instructed him “in or around April 2012” to remove all the documents and
records of the plaintiffs, including the documents and records relating to the
50 Payments from the plaintiffs’ Singapore office; that subsequently “in or
around May 2012”, WKN instructed him to destroy those documents; and that, in
accordance with those instructions, he (Mr Tiang) did indeed arrange for those
documents to be removed from the plaintiffs’ Singapore office in or around
April 2012 and then arranged for those documents to be destroyed albeit only
about some 29 months later “in or around September 2014”. That evidence of Mr
Tiang was supported in part by Ms Ting whose evidence was that Mr Tiang had
informed her at the end of 2014 that he (Mr Tiang) had destroyed the documents
on WKN’s instructions – although the fact that Mr Tiang may well have told Ms
Ting that he had destroyed the documents on WKN’s instructions does not, of
course, necessarily mean that he did destroy the documents on WKN’s
instructions.

69 As to the foregoing, it is undisputed that Mr Tiang probably did destroy a
very large number of the plaintiffs’ documents – perhaps some 100 boxes.
However, the account given by Mr Tiang as to the circumstances in which the
documents were destroyed was hotly disputed. In particular, Mdm Ma’s evidence
was that any destruction of the documents by Mr Tiang was more likely to have
been done at WKY’s or WKC’s behest; but this was entirely speculative and
specifically denied by WKY.

70 In any event, it was strenuously denied by counsel on behalf of the
defendant that WKN ever gave any instructions to carry out such removal and
destruction of the plaintiffs’ documents and records; and it was submitted on
behalf of the defendant that Mr Tiang’s evidence to that effect should be
rejected. In support of that latter submission, counsel on behalf of the
defendant made a number of points which I would summarise as follows:

(a) As already noted above, Mr Tiang is, on his own admission and plea of
guilty, a convicted fraudster on a massive scale.

(b) Given the conduct of Mr Tiang in dishonestly misappropriating the
plaintiffs’ funds over an extended period, Mr Tiang had his own personal
strong motive for destroying the documents and seeking to put the
responsibility for so doing on WKN who had, of course, passed away by that
time and could not challenge what Mr Tiang said.

(c) The evidence of Mr Tiang is both inherently unreliable and, on its face,
untrue in certain respects. As stated above, Mr Tiang’s evidence is that WKN
instructed him to destroy all the plaintiffs’ documents and records in around
May 2012; but that he did not do so immediately and only carried out such
instructions over 2 years later, ie, around September 2014. However, as
submitted on behalf of the defendant, there is no credible reason why Mr Tiang
would wait for a substantial period of about some 30 months after WKN”s
purported instructions to destroy the plaintiffs’ documents and records to
carry out those purported instructions; nor any credible reason as to why Mr
Tiang would suddenly decide to follow those purported instructions and destroy
the plaintiffs’ documents and records in September 2014, some 18 months after
WKN’s death in March 2013.

(d) Mr Tiang’s evidence is that he destroyed “all of the documents and records
of the plaintiffs” [emphasis added]. That is demonstrably false: according to
para 6(f) of the plaintiffs’ Reply, Mr Tiang had apparently overlooked
destroying “….a separate file containing copies of some of the [documents and
records relating to the 50 Payments] which [Mr Tiang] had kept separately.
That file … only came to the plaintiffs’ attention after WKN passed away.”
Thus, on the plaintiffs’ own case and contrary to what was stated by Mr Tiang
in his affidavit, Mr Tiang did not destroy “all” of the plaintiffs’ documents
and records.

(e) Further, in the course of a discovery application by the defendant against
the plaintiffs in these proceedings, it emerged that in August 2014 the
Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) had seized at least some of the
plaintiffs’ documents and records (ie, the “CAD Documents”) in connection with
the prosecution and subsequent conviction of Mr Tiang for dishonest
misappropriation of the plaintiffs’ monies; that Double Ace had requested the
return of the CAD Documents in May 2016; and that the CAD Documents had, in
fact, been returned to Double Ace shortly thereafter in June 2016. The
existence of these CAD documents is inconsistent with Mr Tiang’s evidence that
he destroyed “all” of the plaintiffs’ documents and records.

71 I accept those submissions. In particular, although I accept that Mr Tiang
probably did destroy a large number of the plaintiffs’ documents, I am unable
to conclude on the evidence whether this was done (a) on the instructions of
WKN, (b) on his own initiative for his own personal reasons or (c) on the
instructions of WKY or WKC. Be that as it may, it is, in my judgment,
absolutely clear that the CAD Documents could and should have been disclosed
by the plaintiffs in these proceedings as part of the ordinary disclosure
process. The fact that they were not originally disclosed and only came to be
disclosed following an application for specific disclosure by the defendant
represents a serious failure by the plaintiffs to comply with their disclosure
obligations. The explanation for this failure was given by WKY at para 12 in
his 10th affidavit dated 5 November 2019 in response to the defendant’s
application for specific disclosure viz that “[WKY] had forgotten about the
existence of the CAD [D]ocuments and was only reminded of their existence
after the [d]efendant’s application for disclosure was served.” I regard that
explanation as, at best, totally unsatisfactory if not disingenuous.

72 In passing, I should mention that it was an important part of the evidence
of the plaintiffs’ accountancy expert, Mr Heng, and indeed a major plank of
the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant’s case should be rejected because it
was largely unsupported by contemporaneous documents. I deal below with the
substance of the defendant’s case. However, at this stage, I would merely note
that the apparent dearth of relevant documents would seem to be due, at least
in part, to the matters stated above and, to that extent, not in any sense the
fault of the defendant. Specifically, this seems to be a result of: (a) the
fact that the plaintiffs did not have a proper accounting system and (b) the
destruction of a large number of the plaintiffs’ documents and records by the
plaintiffs’ own bookkeeper, Mr Tiang.

73 For the sake of completeness, I should mention that I have not forgotten
the fact that, as I have already stated, Mdm Ma arranged for the steel
cabinets in WKN’s room in WTK Management’s offices to be removed, and that
there is no longer any trace of these documents. What the documents were is
unknown. But on the basis that the plaintiffs’ business operations were
administered not by WTK Management in Sibu but by Double Ace from their office
in Singapore, it is perhaps doubtful that the steel cabinets removed by Mdm Ma
from WKN’s room in WTK Management’s offices would necessarily be relevant to
the plaintiffs’ business operations, although I accept that that is somewhat
speculative.

(iv) Status of the CAD Documents

74 Fourth, there was a major issue between the parties concerning the
evidential status of most of the CAD Documents. The issue was important
because the CAD Documents were heavily relied upon by the defendant. Indeed,
as appears below, they constituted a crucial part of the defendant’s case. The
plaintiffs advanced forceful submissions why the CAD Documents were
inadmissible in evidence as to the truth of their contents and could not be
relied upon by the defendant.

75 Given the importance of this issue, I directed further written submissions
following the trial. I deal below with these submissions. In so doing, I
should make plain that a limited number of the CAD Documents were obviously
admissible – for example, those signed or attested to in the course of the
trial by the plaintiffs’ own witnesses including WKY and Ms Loh. However,
there remained a hotly contested debate between the parties as to the
admissibility of the remainder of the CAD Documents as to the truth of their
contents.

76 As stated above, the CAD Documents were seized by the CAD from the offices
of Double Ace, ie, the plaintiffs’ agents in Singapore in August 2014 and
returned to them in June 2016. It was common ground that these documents were
“authentic”. However, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the
contents of these documents were, in effect, hearsay statements (including
manuscript writing) and thus inadmissible as to their truth unless the
defendant could establish (the burden being on him) that what was stated in
the documents was admissible as to the truth of their contents under one or
more of the exceptions in s 32 of the Evidence Act.

77 In this context, it was accepted by the defendant that under s 5 of the
Evidence Act, evidence may only be given of facts in issue or relevant facts;
that hearsay evidence is prima facie inadmissible as it is perceived as
irrelevant facts: Lee Chez Kee v Public Prosecutor [2008] 3 SLR(R) 447 at
[67]; that hearsay evidence will only be admitted where (a) it falls within
one or more of the heads of exception in s 32(1) of the Evidence Act; and (b)
the court determines that it should not exercise its discretion to exclude the
evidence under s 32(3) of the Evidence Act in the interests of justice: see
Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others and another appeal [2015]
2 SLR 686 (‘Gimpex’) at [95]; and that, even where hearsay evidence is
admitted, the court retains the ultimate discretion under s 32(5) of the
Evidence Act to assign the weight that it deems fit to all hearsay evidence
that is admitted.

78 It was accepted on behalf of the defendant that (save to the extent that
the statements contained in the documents were attested to by witnesses with
relevant knowledge as to the truth of their contents) the contents of the CAD
Documents were hearsay statements and prima facie inadmissible as to the truth
of their contents. However, on behalf of the defendant, it was submitted that
these the CAD Documents were admissible as to the truth of their contents
pursuant to s 32(1)(b) of the Evidence Act and/or s 32(1)(j) of the same Act:

32.—(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), statements of relevant facts made
by a person (whether orally, in a document or otherwise), are themselves
relevant facts in the following cases:

…

(b) when the statement was made by a person in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation and in particular when it consists of
—

(i) any entry or memorandum in books kept in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation or in the discharge of professional
duty;

…

(iv) a document constituting, or forming part of, the records (whether past or
present) of a trade, business, profession or other occupation that are
recorded, owned or kept by any person, body or organisation carrying out the
trade, business, profession or other occupation,

and includes a statement made in a document that is, or forms part of, a
record compiled by a person acting in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation based on information supplied by
other persons;

…

(j) when the statement is made by a person in respect of whom it is shown —

(i) is dead or unfit because of his bodily or mental function to attend as a
witness…

In support of the foregoing and insofar as might be necessary, it was
submitted on behalf of the defendant that Mr Tiang was the “maker, compiler
and/or maintainer of the CAD Documents”.

79 Further, with regard to the scope and effect of s 32(1)(b), the defendant
relied upon a number of texts and authorities including Gimpex at [91]-[92] in
particular where the Court of Appeal referred to the Consultation Paper issued
by the Ministry of Law in 2011; the statement by the Minister for Law K
Shanmugan where he explained that the parliamentary intent behind s 5 of the
Evidence (Amendment) Act 2012 (Act 4 of 2012), which expanded the scope of the
hearsay exceptions, was “to give the courts the discretion to sieve through
the evidence to see which part should be allowed … [as] there is an interest
of society in allowing relevant evidence, and that the judge is best placed to
decide on what is relevant”: Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report
(14 February 2012) vol 88 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law) p 1141. Further, the
defendant relied on a large number of other cases which, it was submitted,
consistently reflect the parliamentary intent behind the 2012 amendments: that
is, to “remove … technical limitations to the scope of the “business
statement” exception, and to allow a court the discretion to admit all
business records produced in the ordinary course of business which appear
prima facie authentic” [emphasis added]: Gimpex at [92].

80 The defendant’s reliance on s 32(1)(b) was disputed by plaintiffs on a
number of grounds which I would summarise as follows:

(a) The defendant has the burden of showing that he is entitled to invoke one
of the exceptions prescribed in s 32(1) of the Evidence Act.

(b) The rationale for the s 32(1)(b) exception is that statements
contemporaneously made in the ordinary course of routine business may be
presumed to have been made with a disinterested motive and may therefore be
taken to be generally true. In other words, what lends business records their
reliability is the element of regularity rather than the profit motive or
nature of the person carrying on the activity (relying on Bumi Geo Engineering
Pte Ltd v Civil Tech Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 1322 (“Bumi”) at [104]; Phipson on
Evidence (Hodge M Malek et al eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2017) at para
29-13).

(c) The plain and ordinary meaning of the words “in the ordinary course” is
matters that usually and regularly occur. Those words are then followed by the
words “trade, business, profession or other occupation”, which are of wide
scope. What is important is that that activity is a known and recognised
activity that is carried on regularly and in an organised fashion. According
to the editors of the Halsbury’s Law of Singapore vols 10 and 10(2)
(LexisNexis Singapore, 2020)(“Halsbury’s Law of Singapore”) at para 120.137:

Under [s 32(1)(b)], the ordinary course of business is intended. Therefore, if
a company ordinarily carries on the business of a hotel, the statements made
by the company in relation to a one-off sale of its used furniture would not
be made in the ordinary course of business and would not be a statement within
the section. But statements made in its books of the identity of persons who
had contracted inter praesentes for the occupation of a room and the location
and description of the room to be occupied, and statements contained in a
credit card voucher signed in respect of the occupation of the room, would be
statements within the section [emphasis added]

(d) The plaintiffs identified two questions. First, what is the relevant
party’s business ? Second, were the documents made in the course of that
business ?

(e) There is a fatal circularity which undermines the defendant’s reliance on
this exception. He is seeking to use the CAD Documents which he says were made
in the ordinary course of the plaintiffs’ business to prove that they were
made in the course of that business. (For convenience, I shall refer to this
as the “bootstraps argument”). That is not permissible. There must first be
proof, without reliance on the documents, of what the plaintiffs’ business
was. The defendant cannot use the inadmissible documents to show what the
plaintiffs’ practice and therefore business was so as to then admit the
documents. In short, the documents are not relevant and admissible under this
exception for the purpose of showing what the business was. The documents
become relevant and admissible only once there is proof of the ordinary course
of business. If the defendant is allowed to do what he is seeking to do, it
will make a nonsense of this exception.

(f) There is no evidence of the (alleged) para 4(d)(iv) practice or the
(alleged) agreements/arrangements. It thus cannot be said that the payments
were made in the course of the plaintiffs’ business, which in turn means that
the documents could not have been made in the course of that business.

(g) The cases relied upon provide no support to the defendant. In particular,
in none of them were the documents that were sought to be admitted used to
prove what the business was. There had also been no dispute in those cases
that the documents were admissible.

(h) Further, in order to bring s 32(1)(b) into play, the defendant must
identify the person who made the statements in the CAD Documents because that
section applies only “when the statement was made by a person in the ordinary
course of a trade, business, profession or other occupation”. If the person
who made the statement is not identified, it cannot conceivably be said that
he made the statement in the ordinary course of business. In each of
illustrations (b) to (d) to s 32(1), which list examples of admissible hearsay
statements, the maker is identified. The identity of the maker of the
statement and his motives are critical. If the person who made the statement
is not identified, there is no way to know if he made the statement in the
ordinary course of business and for what reason. To suggest otherwise is
inconsistent with the wording of s 32(1)(b) and would undermine the raison
d’etre for this exception.

(i) In support of the foregoing, the plaintiffs relied upon Hope v Hope [1893]
WN 20 as well as certain other parts of the speech referred to above by the
Minister of Law and the Consultation Paper.

(j) Here, there is simply no evidence to prove that Mr Tiang was the “maker,
compiler and/or maintainer of the CAD Documents.” Also, the premise of that
contention is flawed as it assumes that the CAD Documents were created in the
ordinary course of the plaintiffs’ business and therefore Mr Tiang must have
prepared them. It is also speculative as there is no evidence that Mr Tiang
made the CAD Documents, eg, handwriting evidence.

(k) The defendant’s reliance upon the evidence of WKY to suggest that the
maker, compiler and/or maintainer of the CAD Documents could only have been Mr
Tiang is misplaced and erroneous. Further, if the defendant wished to show
that the plaintiffs “owned” the CAD documents, then the defendant should have
called one of Double Ace’s employees which has not happened.

(l) The foregoing is fatal to the defendant’s applications under both s
32(1)(b) and s 32(1)(j).

(m) In any event, the CAD Documents should be excluded in the interests of
justice under s 32(3) of the Evidence Act.

81 As for these submissions, my observations and conclusions are as follows.

82 I readily accept that the statements in the CAD Documents are prima facie
inadmissible save to the extent that (a) the statements contained in the
documents were attested to by witnesses with relevant knowledge as to the
truth of their contents; and/or (b) they fall within one or both of the
exceptions relied upon by the defendant; and that the burden of establishing
the latter lies on the defendant.

83 The question as to whether the exception in s 32(1)(b) applies arises in
the present case in rather unusual circumstances. Thus, this is not a case
where (for example) a party (here, the defendant) is seeking to rely on that
provision to admit in evidence documents produced by that party itself or by
(say) an employee/agent of that party; or documents produced by some third
party. Rather, in this case, on the basis that I am right in my conclusion
that the CAD Documents are properly regarded as the plaintiffs’ documents and
records (as to which see below at [84]), it is the plaintiffs who are
themselves seeking to exclude evidence contained in their own documents and
records. Knowledge as to the actual “maker” of the statements lies entirely
with the plaintiffs. In my view, the suggestion that the defendant might have
called one of Double Ace’s unidentified employees (whoever they may be) to
give evidence with regard to the status of the CAD Documents (or specifically
their “maker”) is unrealistic if not disingenuous.

84 In considering whether the defendant can rely on the exception in s
32(1)(b) and at the risk of repetition, the starting point is to recognise
that the CAD Documents were all seized by the CAD from the offices of Double
Ace who were, in effect, the plaintiffs’ agents. As stated above, the evidence
is that the plaintiffs had no employees themselves; that all administrative
services were provided by Double Ace including updating and maintaining the
plaintiffs’ financial records, liaising with the banks, and arranging for
payments to be made from the plaintiffs’ bank accounts in Singapore; and that
it was Mr Tiang who was the plaintiffs’ bookkeeper and who “looked after” the
plaintiffs’ business. WKY’s evidence confirmed that the CAD Documents had been
kept in the Singapore office of Double Ace and were all “owned” by the
plaintiffs. It is fair to say (as counsel on behalf of the plaintiffs
emphasised), that WKY’s evidence was that he did not know exactly what
documents had been seized by the CAD because he did not open the “box”; and,
on this basis, it was submitted that, although WKY may have assumed or thought
that the plaintiffs “owned” the documents, it is not fair for the defendant to
rely on what WKY said because, on his own evidence, he did not look at them. I
do not accept that submission. Even accepting the fact that WKY may not have
opened the “box”, in light of WKY’s evidence and having regard to all the
circumstances, I am satisfied that the CAD Documents are properly regarded as
the plaintiffs’ documents and records.

85 Even so, if, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, s 32(1)(b) requires
the maker of the statement(s) sought to be admitted to be specifically
identified by name, I have considerable difficulty in accepting the submission
made on behalf of the defendant that Mr Tiang satisfies that requirement. In
that context, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that WKY’s evidence
was that Mr Tiang was the only employee at Double Ace looking after the
plaintiffs’ business, that therefore the “maker” of the CAD Documents can
readily be identified; and that such “maker” must and can only have been Mr
Tiang. I do not accept that submission. I have already touched on this topic
above. Although WKY certainly gave evidence that Mr Tiang looked after the
plaintiffs’ operations, I did not understand his evidence to be that Mr Tiang
was the only employee at Double Ace looking after the plaintiffs’ business.
Even on the basis of Mr Tiang’s own evidence that he was the plaintiffs’
bookkeeper, it does not necessarily follow that he was the “maker” of the
statements contained in the CAD Documents; and even if he was (as submitted on
behalf of the defendant) the “compiler” or “maintainer” of those documents,
that does not mean that the statements in those documents were “made” by him.

86 I have wavered with regard to the submission made on behalf of the
plaintiffs as to whether it is necessary for a party seeking to rely upon s
32(1)(b) to be able to identify the actual “maker” of the statement sought to
be adduced in evidence. In truth, this raises an important question of law as
to the scope and effect of that section as to which there appears to be no
clear authority. I see force in the arguments in favour of a positive answer.
However, it does not seem to me that the wording of the section necessarily
compels that conclusion; and I note that, as submitted on behalf of the
defendant, there are certainly some reported cases where it would seem that
the precise identity of the maker of the statement was unknown – although it
is fair to say that the point does not appear to have been specifically
argued. In the absence of clear statutory wording to the contrary (as I
consider the position to be here), my own view is that it is not a necessary
requirement to identify the specific name of the maker – provided, of course,
that the court is satisfied that the statement was made by “a” person “in the
ordinary course of a trade, business, profession or other occupation”. (The
position is, of course, otherwise with regard to s 32(1)(j) because, for that
sub-section to apply, it is necessary, of course, to show that the “maker” of
the statement is unfit etc.) That conclusion is, in my view, fortified by the
dicta in the various cases relied upon by the defendant and the speech made by
the Minister of Law with regard to the purpose of the legislation widening the
scope of the hearsay exceptions. To my mind, this conclusion is also more
conducive to the interests of justice: it avoids a situation where the court
is forced to shut its eyes to what may be potentially important evidence.

87 For these reasons, it is my conclusion that it is not necessary to identify
the particular individual who made the statements in the CAD Documents for the
purposes of s 32(1)(b) provided that the court is, as I have said, satisfied
that the statement was made by “a” person “in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation”. Of course, if such evidence is
admitted under s 32(1)(b), it does not necessarily follow that the court is
bound to accept such evidence. On the contrary, as noted above, s 32(3) of the
Evidence Act gives the court a discretion to exclude the evidence in the
interests of justice; and, as recognised by s 32(5) of the Evidence Act, what
weight (if any) to be given to such evidence is ultimately a matter for the
court. Be all this as it may, it seems to me that even if the CAD Documents
were not “made” by Mr Tiang, they are properly regarded as forming part of a
record of documents which were “compiled” by him in his capacity as the
plaintiffs’ bookkeeper who looked after the plaintiffs’ business.

88 That is still not the end of the road on this topic because it remains
necessary to consider whether the defendant has established that the CAD
Documents were made or “compiled” by “a” person “ in the ordinary course of a
trade, business” within the meaning of s 32(1)(b). In that context, it is
necessary to consider the plaintiffs’ submission that the defendant is, in
effect, seeking to rely on a “bootstraps argument” which is impermissible. In
principle, I readily accept that a party would not be entitled to rely on
documents which are otherwise inadmissible in order to prove the existence of
an ordinary course of business for the purpose of satisfying the requirements
of s 32(1)(b). However, having looked carefully at the CAD Documents, I am
satisfied that they were made in the ordinary course of the plaintiffs’
business. There is no doubt that the defendant seeks to rely on the CAD
Documents to support his case as to the particular nature of the specific
transactions carried out in the course of such business. Whether or not such
documents (if admissible) establish or support that case remains to be
considered in the light of the totality of the evidence. But, for present
purposes and whether or not they serve ultimately to prove the defendant’s
case as to the nature of the specific transactions undertaken by the
plaintiffs, it seems to me plain that the relevant requirement of s 32(1)(b)
is satisfied, ie, these documents were made in the ordinary course of the
plaintiffs’ business. In my view, the cases cited by the plaintiffs (ie,
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 3556 (suing on behalf of itself
and all subsidiary proprietors of Northstar @ AMK) v Orion-One Development Pte
Ltd (in liquidation) and another [2020] 3 SLR 373, Bumi ([80(a)] supra) and Re
K & R Fabrications (QLD) Pty Ltd (in liq) (1980) 32 ALR 183) are
distinguishable and of no assistance; and there is nothing in those cases nor
in the passage from Halsbury’s Law of Singapore which would justify any
different conclusion to the one just stated on the facts in the present case.

89 Moreover, it is the plaintiffs’ own case and own evidence that the
plaintiffs are “in the business of” trading in timber logs and that the
plaintiffs “would purchase timber from timber companies in the WTK Group in
Malaysia” which they would then sell to buyers overseas. As submitted on
behalf of the defendant, it is clear from the face of the CAD Documents that
they relate to the plaintiffs’ business of trading logs as they document the
plaintiffs’ transactions with the Malaysian logging companies and other
logging companies relating to the sale of logs.

90 I should also mention that, contrary to the plaintiffs’ submissions, there
is other evidence independent of the CAD Documents to support the specific
case advanced by the defendants with regard to the nature of the transactions
which lie at the heart of the defendant’s case in relation to the 36 payments
viz the evidence in Mdm Ma’s statement – in particular at paras 91 and 92 as
well as the evidence of the defendants’ other witnesses – in particular, Mr
Hii, LTK and Mr Ling, notwithstanding the fact that such evidence is (at least
in part) highly controversial and heavily criticised by the plaintiffs.

91 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that the CAD Documents are
admissible in evidence under s 32(1)(b) of the Evidence Act as to the truth of
their contents; but, with some reluctance, not otherwise under s 32(1)(j) of
the Evidence Act.

92 Further, it is my conclusion that this is not a case where I should
exercise my discretion to exclude the evidence contained in the CAD Documents
under s 32(3) of the Evidence Act. On the contrary, in my view, there are
compelling reasons why these documents should be admitted. In particular, as I
have said, these documents are, in my view, properly regarded as the
plaintiffs’ own documents. Although it is uncertain who was the actual “maker”
of these documents, there is no doubt that at the very least Mr Tiang, as the
plaintiffs’ bookkeeper, would have had responsibility for maintaining and
retaining these documents as part of the plaintiffs’ business records; and, at
the very least, it is the defendant’s case that they support an important part
of his case. To exclude such documents from the evidence in the case would be
to force the court to shut its eyes to potentially relevant evidence. Having
said that, I readily accept that the contents of the documents should be
considered with a close eye; and it will, of course, be necessary to consider
what weight should be given to such evidence.

Time-Bar/Laches

93 It was the defendant’s case that the plaintiffs’ claims were barred in
whole or in part under s 6 of the Limitation Act and/or by the doctrine of
laches and/or acquiescence. In particular, it was submitted on behalf of the
defendant as follows:

(a) Under s 6 of the Limitation Act, the four causes of action relied on by
the plaintiffs all have a limitation period of six years from the date of each
payment. For dishonest assistance and knowing receipt, see Panweld Trading Pte
Ltd v Yong Kheng Leong and others (Loh Yong Lim, third party) [2012] 2 SLR 672
(“Panweld HC”) at [16], affirmed in Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld
Trading Pte Ltd and another [2013] 1 SLR 173 at [83]. For conspiracy, see
Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd v CIMB Bank Bhd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 761 at [157]-[161]. For
unjust enrichment, see Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok
Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chi [2000] 3 SLR(R) 304 at [72]-[73].

(b) The plaintiffs bear the burden of proving on a balance of probabilities
that their pleaded causes of action fall within the limitation period: IPP
Financial Advisers Pte Ltd v Saimee bin Jumaat and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR
272 at [37]-[41].

(c) Here, the plaintiffs’ claims are all barred by virtue of s 6 of the
Limitation Act.

(i) The Writ of Summons in the present action was filed on 20 November 2017.

(ii) 49 of the 50 Payments took place between January 2001 and October 2011,
more than six years prior to the commencement of this action.

(iii) Accordingly, the plaintiffs’ claim in respect of these 49 payments are
barred under the Limitation Act.

94 In response, the plaintiffs submitted that the limitation period was
postponed in the circumstances of the present case by virtue of s 29(1) of the
Limitation Act which provides in relevant part as follows:

Postponement of limitation period in case of fraud or mistake

29.—(1) Where, in the case of any action for which a period of limitation is
prescribed by this Act —

(a) the action is based upon the fraud of the defendant or his agent or of any
person through whom he claims or his agent;

(b) the right of action is concealed by the fraud of any such person as
aforesaid; or

(c) …

the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has
discovered the fraud or the mistake, as the case may be, or could with
reasonable diligence have discovered it.

95 Thus, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that where s 29(1) of
the Limitation Act applies, the six-year limitation period in s 6(7) of the
Limitation Act will run from the date on which the plaintiffs discovered or
could with reasonable diligence have discovered the material facts: Fan Juan
Fen v Crocodile Holdings Pte Ltd [2005] SGHC 152 at [79]; Bank of America
National Trust and Savings Association v Herman Iskandar and another [1998] 1
SLR(R) 848 at [72]; that, in the circumstances of the present case, that date
was no earlier than April 2013; that the Writ was issued within six years of
that date; and that, accordingly, the plaintiffs’ claims are not time-barred.

96 In support of the foregoing, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs
in summary as follows:

(a) Section 29(1)(a) applies where the action is “based upon the fraud” of the
defendant or his agent ie, if their fraud is an element in that cause of
action: Lim Ah Leh v Heng Fock Lin [2018] SGHC 156 at [201(a)]. The words
“fraud” and “agent” in s 29(1) of the Limitation Act are not used in the
common law sense. They are used in the equitable sense to denote conduct by
the defendant or his agent such that it would be against conscience for him to
avail himself of the lapse of time: King v Victor Parsons & Co (A Firm) [1973]
1 WLR 29, cited in Fan Juan Fen v Crocodile Holdings Pte Ltd and another and
another suit [2005] SGHC 152 at [81] and Bank of America National Trust and
Savings Association v Herman Iskandar and another [1998] 1 SLR(R) 848 at [73].
Section 29(1)(a) of the Limitation Act applies in the present case because the
plaintiffs’ claims for unjust enrichment, dishonest assistance, knowing
receipt and conspiracy are based on the fraud of the defendant and WKN who was
the defendant’s agent.

(b) Section 29(1)(b) of the Limitation Act applies where the defendant or his
agent’s fraud “concealed” the plaintiff’s “right of action”. The words “right
of action” refer to the material facts which would form the basis of the
claim. Where a company makes a claim for breaches of a director’s duties to
the company for making payments from the company’s bank account for his own
expenses, the fact that payments were made is a material fact the concealment
of which would postpone the running of time until the payments were
discovered: see DM Divers Technics Pte Ltd v Tee Chin Hock [2004] 4 SLR(R) 424
(“DM Divers”) at [83] and [89].

(c) It is not necessary to show that the defendant (or his agent) took active
steps to conceal his wrongdoing or breach of contract. It is sufficient that
the defendant knowingly committed the wrongdoing and did not tell the
plaintiff anything about it. By saying nothing he keeps it secret and
therefore conceals the right of action by “fraud” within the meaning of s
29(1)(b) of the Limitation Act.

(d) Section 29(1)(b) of the Limitation Act also applies because WKN and the
defendant concealed the plaintiffs’ right of actions “by fraud”. The defendant
received the payments knowing full well that he was not entitled to them and
that his father had caused the plaintiffs to make the payments to the
defendant in breach of his (WKN’s) fiduciary duties to the plaintiffs.

(e) The period of limitation in this case did not start to run until April
2013 when the plaintiffs, through WKY, learnt of the low balances in the
plaintiffs’ accounts which ultimately led to the discovery of the payments to
the defendant in around March 2014.

97 In further support of the foregoing, the plaintiffs relied on the evidence
of WKY to the effect that he signed the TT forms because he trusted WKN and
believed that the payments were in the plaintiffs’ interests; that he did not
see the defendant’s name on any of the TT forms and that he signed a number of
those TT forms in blank; that all the books and records documenting the
payments, including the TT forms, HSBC bank statements and HSBC issuing
advices were to the best of his knowledge sent to and stored at the office of
Double Ace; and that such records were never made available to WKY or WKC.

98 In any event, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that WKY and WKC
could not with reasonable diligence have discovered the payments because they
were not put on inquiry about the payments to the defendant. In that context,
it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the concept of reasonable
diligence involves two considerations viz:

(a) whether the plaintiff was put on inquiry or had reasonable cause to take
the steps which would have led to the discovery of the relevant facts: Davies
v Sharples [2006] EWHC 362 (Ch) (“Davies”) at [59], where a plaintiff is put
on inquiry only when he encounters facts which arouse suspicion: DM Divers at
[89]; and

(b) whether having been put on inquiry the plaintiff acted sufficiently
diligently in taking the necessary steps to ascertain the existence of the
fraud or mistake: Davies at [59]. Here, the plaintiffs relied on the evidence
of WKY to the effect that until his death in March 2013, WKN was solely in
charge of the day-to-day management, affairs and business of the plaintiffs;
that WKY and WKC trusted WKN to act in the plaintiffs’ interests and did not
know of the payments to the defendant, until after WKN’s death.

99 In response, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that s 29(1)(a) of
the Limitation Act cannot apply because (a) the plaintiffs have not
established any fraud on the part of the defendant or his agent and the 50
Payments were not procured by any fraud on the defendant’s part; and/or (b) s
29(1)(b) of the Limitation Act cannot apply because the plaintiffs’ right of
action was not concealed by fraud.

100 Here, it was the defendant’s primary case that the plaintiffs were well
aware of the nature of the 50 Payments all along. In any event, on the
assumption that the plaintiffs could bring themselves within s 29(1)(a) or (b)
of the Limitation Act, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the
limitation period for the plaintiffs’ four causes of action started to run
once the alleged deception could have been discovered by the plaintiffs with
the exercise of reasonable diligence: Chua Teck Chew Robert v Goh Eng Wah
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 716 (“Chua Teck Chew”) at [27]; and that the plaintiffs bear
the burden of proving that they could not have discovered the fraud without
exceptional measures which they could not reasonably have been expected to
take: Lim Siew Bee v Lim Boh Chuan and another [2014] SGHC 41 (“Lim Siew Bee”)
at [131].

101 In support of the foregoing, it was further submitted on behalf of the
defendant in summary as follows:

(a) In the first place, the plaintiffs had actual knowledge of the 50 Payments
at or around the time they were made:

(i) WKY was a named director of Esben and Lismore, and a de facto and/or
shadow director of Incredible Power and Rayley. In the course of his
directorship of the plaintiffs, WKY had signed off on 25 out of 50 TT forms
which were used to effect the 50 Payments to the defendant. WKY has also
admitted to signing off on various documents which would and should have
alerted him to the context and necessity of the 50 Payments.

(ii) As directors are agents of the company, information acquired by a
director acting within the scope of his authority is attributable to the
company under the doctrine of agency (The “Dolphina” [2012] 1 SLR 992 at
[216]-[217]), WKY’s knowledge of the 50 Payments should be attributed to the
plaintiffs. The plaintiffs may thus be regarded as having had actual knowledge
of the 50 Payments at or around the time they were made.

(iii) Mr Tiang also had actual knowledge of the 50 Payments. As the
plaintiffs’ accounts clerk who was responsible for arranging for the payments
to be made from the plaintiffs’ on WKY’s or WKN’s instructions, and being the
donee of Powers of Attorney granted by Incredible Power and Rayley, Mr Tiang
was also an agent of the plaintiffs. Hence, Mr Tiang’s knowledge of the 50
Payments may also be attributed to the plaintiffs under the doctrine of
agency.

(iv) WKY’s claim that he did not know why these payments were made, and had
authorised the 50 Payments in the mistaken belief that the payments would be
made “in the interests of the [p]laintiffs”, is a plain lie. WKY is a
Chartered Certified Accountant by training, a former Senator of Malaysia who
has been conferred with the title of “Permanca” and Chairman of the Sarawak
Timber Association. His excuse – that he did not know what he was signing – is
highly unbelievable and ought to be rejected in its entirety.

(v) More importantly, as directors and bank signatories of the plaintiffs, WKY
and WKC owed fiduciary duties to the plaintiffs, which would have required
them to understand the nature of the 50 Payments made by the plaintiffs to the
defendant. They were not entitled to turn a blind eye to the affairs of the
plaintiffs by leaving these matters entirely in the hands of WKN as alleged,
and thereafter seek to abrogate themselves from any responsibility on the
basis that they had trusted WKN to act in the plaintiffs’ best interests:
citing Secretary of State for Trade and Industry v Swan Overview [2005] All
ER(D) 102 (Apr) at [217]. A board of directors must not permit one individual
to dominate them: see Re Westmid Packing Services Ltd, Secretary of State for
Trade and Industry v Griffiths and others [1998] 2 All ER 124. Even if a
director is not actively involved in the day to day management of a company he
must nonetheless monitor those activities and have an understanding of what is
going on, and has a continuing duty to acquire and maintain sufficient
knowledge and understanding of the company’s business: Australian Securities
and Investments Commission (ASIC) v Healey (2011) 196 FCR 291 and Re Barings
plc and others (No 5), Secretary of State for Trade and Industry v Baker and
others (No 5) [1999] 1 BCLC 433 (“Barings”).

(b) In the present case, the plaintiffs clearly could have discovered their
alleged right of action in respect of the 50 Payments with reasonable
diligence well before April 2013.

(c) What constitutes reasonable diligence will depend on all the circumstances
of the case. The meaning of reasonable diligence is not the doing of
everything possible, but the doing of that which, under ordinary circumstances
and with regard to expense and difficulty, could be reasonably required: Chua
Teck Chew at [29].

(d) Under BVI and Liberian law, companies are required to maintain books and
records of the company’s transactions. This obligation to ensure that books
and records are properly kept as well as the accuracy of the company’s records
and underlying documents falls on the directors of the company. To enable a
director to be informed about the company’s affairs, the director has the
right to inspect and access the company’s documents and records.

(e) More specifically, as directors of Esben and Incredible Power, WKY and WKC
had continuing duties under BVI law to review and understand the substance of
the documents which the company is obliged to maintain to enable them to
properly discharge their duties as directors: Barings at 489. In addition to
such continuing duty, WKY and WKC had a clear right to access and inspect the
plaintiffs’ documents and records relating to the 50 Payments, and to conduct
the necessary enquiries to ascertain the context and necessity of these
payments. These enquiries should have been regularly undertaken by WKY and WKC
in the discharge of their fiduciary duties to the plaintiffs: Bowview Overseas
Limited and anor v Aleman, Cordero, Galindo & Lee Trust (BVI) Limited
BVIHCV2017/0156 (“Bowview”) at [39].

(f) In addition, under Liberian law, as directors of Lismore and Rayley, WKY
and WKC had a responsibility of managing the business affairs of those
companies; and that, in so doing, they owed fiduciary duties to the respective
companies which would require them to:

(i) Act honestly and in good faith in the company’s best interests;

(ii) Exercise his powers for a proper purpose; and

(iii) Ensure that the affairs of the corporation are properly administered,
which includes: (A) the duty to ensure that complete and correct accounts and
financial statements are prepared and are accurate; (B) the duty to inspect
the records and documents of the company, and to be keep informed as to the
business and affairs of the company; and (C) the duty to inquire and ensure
that accounts and financial statements are prepared and submitted to the board
of directors where these documents have not been submitted.

(g) Here, it was common ground that WKY and WKC were directors of Esben and
Lismore. Although they were not formally appointed directors of the other
plaintiffs, nevertheless, they were, in effect, de facto directors or “shadow
directors” of those companies.

(h) With regard to Incredible Power:

(i) WKY and WKC were at all material times the authorised bank account
signatories to Incredible Power’s HSBC bank accounts. In the Mandate for
Accounts, WKY was stated to be a director of Incredible Power.

(ii) In their capacity as the authorised bank signatories to Incredible
Power’s HSBC bank accounts, WKY and WKC had actively participated in the
management of Incredible Power and in the conduct of its business, by
controlling and/or exercising command over the funds held in Incredible
Power’s HSBC bank accounts. Specifically:

(A) WKY signed seven TT forms authorising payments from Incredible Power to
the defendant, six jointly with WKN, and one TT form by himself.

(B) WKY endorsed the instruction dated 4 March 2014 to HSBC to close
Incredible Power’s HSBC bank account and to transfer the outstanding balances
to Faedah Mulia, another company within the WTK Group.

(C) WKY was one of the two signatories who endorsed two TT forms dated 30
March 2009 and 22 April 2009 each for the payment of HK$5 million to Mdm Ma
from Incredible Power.

(D) WKY was one of the signatories who endorsed Incredible Power’s letter
dated 1 April 2011 requesting the inclusion of the defendant as an authorised
signatory for Incredible Power’s HSBC bank accounts.

(E) WKY signed three of Incredible Power’s journal slips dated 6 October 2011,
10 November 2011 and 14 December 2011, which were stated to be to the “debit”
of a list of WTK Group Logging Companies and to the “credit” of Song Logging
Sdn Bhd, another Logging Company within the WTK Group which WKY himself had
admitted to managing from the 1970s. WKY signed off on these journal slips as
“Manager”.

(F) In 2012, WKY was the sole signatory of at least nine cheques, and WKC the
sole signatory of at least one cheque which were utilised by Mr Tiang to
misappropriate funds amounting to US$1,656,732 from Incredible Power. The
amounts under these cheques formed the subject of the 25th charge preferred
against Mr Tiang.

(G) In 2013 and 2014, WKY was the sole signatory of at least 19 cheques, and
WKC was the sole signatory of at least one cheque which was used by Mr Tiang
to misappropriate funds amounting to a total of US$ 2,274,096.02 and
S$1,007,397 from Incredible Power. The amounts under these cheques formed the
subject of the 26th and 27th charges levied against Mr Tiang.

(H) WKY and WKC (together with WKN prior to March / April 2011) were for all
intents and purposes the only individuals who were involved in running the
affairs of Incredible Power. There were no other individuals who fulfilled the
role of directors of Incredible Power. There is no evidence (and it is not the
plaintiffs’ case) that the de jure directors had any dealings or involvement
at all in the affairs of Incredible Power. It is equally clear that Mr Tiang
did not play the role of a director: he was only responsible for carrying out
“administrative services” for Incredible Power on “instructions” which he
received.

(I) Incredible Power was part of the WTK Group, which was run by the Wong
Brothers as a single economic entity for cashflow purposes. By virtue of WKY’s
and WKC’s involvement in the management and affairs of companies within the
WTK Group, they must also be regarded as individuals who were effectively in
control of Incredible Power.

(J) It is clear from the above that WKY and WKC undertook and performed
functions which could only be exercised by a director of Incredible Power,
and/or had exercised real influence in the corporate governance of Incredible
Power.

(K) Additionally, WKY and WKC were also the shareholders, and the ultimate
beneficial owners of Incredible Power. Legal title to the 100 issued shares in
Incredible Power was held by Swan Nominees Limited as nominee in equal
proportion for the benefit of WKN, WKY and WKC.

(i) With regard to Rayley:

(i) WKY and WKC were at all material times the authorised bank account
signatories to Rayley’s HSBC bank accounts.

(ii) In their capacity as the authorised bank signatories to Rayley’s HSBC
bank accounts, WKY and WKC had actively participated in the management of
Rayley and in the conduct of its business, by controlling and/or exercising
command over the funds held in Rayley’s bank accounts:

(A) WKY signed five TT forms jointly with WKN, authorising payments from
Rayley to the defendant.

(B) WKY and WKC had endorsed the instruction dated 26 April 2013 to HSBC to
close Rayley’s HSBC bank accounts and to transfer the outstanding balances to
Esben.

(C) WKY was one of the signatories who endorsed Rayley’s letter dated 1 April
2011 requesting the inclusion of the defendant as an additional authorised
signatory for Rayley’s HSBC bank accounts.

(D) In 2009, WKY was one of the signatories who signed a TT form which was
used by Mr Tiang to misappropriate funds amounting to US$113,882 from Rayley.
The amount under this TT form formed the subject of the 31st charge levied
against Mr Tiang.

(E) WKY and WKC (together with WKN before he left Sibu in March / April 2011
to seek medical treatment in Sydney) were for all intents and purposes the
only individuals who were involved in running the affairs of Rayley. There are
no other individuals who could be put forward as having fulfilled the role of
directors of Rayley. There is no evidence (and it is not the plaintiffs’ case)
that the de jure directors had any dealings or involvement at all in the
affairs of Rayley. It is equally clear that Mr Tiang did not play the role of
a director: he was the plaintiffs’ “bookkeeper” who was only responsible for
carrying out “administrative services” for Rayley on “instructions” which he
received.

(F) Rayley was part of the WTK Group, which was run by the Wong Brothers as a
single economic entity for cashflow purposes. By virtue of WKY’s and WKC’s
involvement in the management and affairs of companies within the WTK Group,
they must also be regarded as individuals who were effectively in control of
Rayley.

(j) For all these reasons, the plaintiffs clearly could with reasonable
diligence have discovered their alleged right of action in relation to the 49
payments prior to April 2013, and there is no basis for them to postpone the
limitation period.

102 Following the main hearing of the trial, the parties provided further
written submissions on the defendant’s time-bar defence including detailed
submissions on matters concerning both BVI law and Liberian law with regard to
the two main issues addressed by the foreign lawyers viz

(a) Whether a director of the plaintiffs (be it a named director, a de facto
director and/or a shadow director (if found to fall within the definition of
section 2 of the BVI Business Companies Act 2004)) is entitled and/or
obligated under BVI and Liberian law respectively, to inspect and/or access
the plaintiffs’ respective records and underlying documentation (including the
electronic records of the payments)?

(b) Whether a director of the Esben and Incredible Power, be it a named
director, a de facto director and/or shadow director (if found to fall within
the definition of section 2 of the BVI Companies Act 2004) is obliged to
prepare and/or ensure the accuracy of those plaintiffs’ accounts and financial
statements?

103 I do not propose to set out the parties’ respective submissions in detail
with regard to BVI law and Liberian law. For present purposes, it is, I
believe, sufficient to seek to summarise the plaintiffs’ position:

(a) There is no pleaded case of limitation so far as the plaintiffs’ case for
unjust enrichment is concerned.

(b) It is not open to the defendant to run the arguments under BVI law and/or
Liberian law summarised above because he has not pleaded these matters.

(c) Such arguments contradict the defendant’s pleaded case.

(d) In any event, such arguments are incorrect as a matter of BVI law and
Liberian law. In particular:

(i) Although WKY (and WKC) were directors of Esben and Lismore, they were not
directors of Incredible Power or Rayley. Nor were they de facto or “shadow
directors” because they did not undertake functions in relation to those
companies which could be discharged only by a company or otherwise direct the
de facto and/or de jure directors how to act in relation those companies. In
summary, neither WKY nor WKC exercised any real influence on the corporate
governance of those companies. To that extent, the submissions made by the
defendant’s foreign lawyers with regard to the rights or duties of WKY and WKC
as a matter of BVI law and Liberian law in respect of Incredible Power and
Rayley are inapplicable.

(ii) In any event, under ss 96 to 98 of the BVI Business Companies Act, the
obligation to prepare and maintain a company’s documents, underlying
documentation, financial statements and accounts is imposed on companies.

(iii) Although s 100 of the BVI Business Companies Act gives a director a
right to inspect and access the company’s documents and records, it does not
impose on directors any general obligation to review or understand the
company’s documents.

(iv) Similarly, although the Liberian Business Corporation Act provides that a
company must keep correct and complete books and records of accounts, there is
no obligation on directors to ensure that this is done. Nor is there any duty
on a director to inspect the company’s books and records.

(v) Under BVI law and Liberian law, it is well-established that a director is
entitled to entrust matters to another director of the company and is not
under a duty to check performance of the functions delegated to another
director. Further, it would be misleading to transpose statements of
principles to the very different case of a closely-held family company. In
this context, the authorities relied upon by the defendant are distinguishable
on the facts: none of the cases concerned the management and operation of
closely-held family companies.

(vi) The defendant’s foreign law experts’ arguments are based on the premise
that the offshore payments were made in the ordinary course of the plaintiffs’
business and so would have been reflected in the plaintiffs’ books and
records. But that premise is speculative and unproved.

(e) In any event, all these arguments are completely irrelevant to the issue
of limitation under Singapore law. Taking the defendant’s case at its highest
(which is denied), WKY and WKC have breached their duties under BVI and
Liberian law to allegedly maintain and inspect the plaintiffs’ books and
records, and to keep themselves informed about the company’s affairs. But that
does not assist the defendant. Whether the plaintiffs’ claims are time-barred
is a question of Singapore law (see Dynasty Line Ltd (in liquidation) v
Sukamto Sia and another and another appeal [2014] 3 SLR 277 at [51]) that will
turn on the meaning and effect of s 29(1) of the Limitation Act.

104 Here, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that they could not
with reasonable diligence have discovered the fraud prior to April 2013 for
reasons which I would summarise as follows:

(a) The defendant received the payments knowing that he was not entitled to
them and that his father (WKN) had caused the plaintiffs to make the payments
to the defendant in breach of his (WKN’s) fiduciary duties to the plaintiffs.
But neither the defendant nor his agent (WKN) told the plaintiffs about the 50
Payments. It was WKY’s uncontradicted evidence that WKN never told WKY about
the 50 Payments, and that WKN did not seek the approval of the plaintiffs’
shareholders and directors before authorising the 50 Payments.

(b) WKN and Mdm Ma took steps to ensure that WKY and WKC did not uncover the
documents relating to the payments, and as the 6 May 2016 letters show, they
were surprised that WKY and WKC had found out.

(c) WKY testified that WKN told him expressly not to “interfere” with the
plaintiffs’ accounts and so WKY did as he was told because he did not want to
upset WKN. It is completely understandable that WKY did as WKN, who was the
patriarch of the Wong family, told him. It would have been unthinkable in a
traditional Confucian Chinese family for WKY to ask questions when WKN was
still alive, was still the patriarch, had the power as the leader of the
family to marginalise people and was very much in touch with the business
(relying on Woon’s Corporation Law (Walter Woon gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2015) at
para 103). It was Ms Ting’s unchallenged evidence that WKN expected to be
obeyed.

(d) Further, Mr Tiang destroyed the plaintiffs’ documents on WKN’s
instructions. In June 2013, Mdm Ma removed the cabinets from WKN’s office.
There is no trace of those documents. So, plainly WKN and Mdm Ma took steps to
ensure that WKY did not discover the Payments to the defendant which
constitutes concealment by fraud within the meaning of s 29(1)(b).

(e) The defendant’s case that the 50 Payments were never concealed from the
plaintiffs because WKN asked WKY to sign some of the TT forms is flawed. The
premise of that contention is that the defendant’s name was on those TT forms.
But there is no evidence of that. On the contrary, it was WKY’s evidence that
he did not know of the payments to the defendant and he signed the TT forms
because he was told to and trusted WKN and believed that the 50 Payments were
in the plaintiffs’ interests. WKY did not ask WKN about the payments that the
TT forms were used to make because he trusted WKN and did not want to upset
WKN. He did not see the defendant’s name on any of the TT forms and had signed
a number of those TT forms in blank. It was his practice to sign the TT forms
in blank at WKN’s request which he left with Mr Tiang. Ms Loh corroborated
WKY’s evidence. Ms Loh said that WKY did not usually sign approvals for
payments and that on around 8 October 2011, she told WKY that WKN had asked
her to hand a statement for his signature and WKY signed it.

(f) During cross-examination, the defendant’s counsel, Mr Francis Xavier SC
accepted that WKY signed some TT forms in blank. That was the premise of Mr
Xavier’s question to WKY, ie, whether WKY remembered which TT forms were blank
and which were completed. WKY said that he could not remember. In fact, WKN
himself signed in blank, as is evident from Mr Tiang’s misappropriation
charges.

(g) There is no evidence to contradict WKY’s testimony. Mdm Ma does not know
whether WKY and WKC were involved in the plaintiffs’ affairs. Mr Hii conceded
that he never told WKY or WKC about the “offshore” payments. Mr Ling’s
evidence is that he approached Ms Loh or WKN (and not WKY) to arrange for the
payments to the defendant.

(h) The defendant cannot contend that Mr Tiang had actual knowledge of the 50
Payments to the defendant and so his knowledge may be attributed to the
plaintiffs under the doctrine of agency. The defendant has not pleaded this
point and so the plaintiffs have not had the opportunity to deal with it.

(i) There is no basis for the suggestion that WKY could with reasonable
diligence have discovered the 50 Payments if he had inspected the records of
the plaintiffs or Double Ace and that WKY had the opportunity to inspect the
records because he regularly went to the office; nor that that WKY could have
asked Ms Ting, Ms Loh and Mr Tiang about the 50 Payments. This is another
circularity. It assumes what needs to be proved. The premise of this
contention is that the records showing the Payments would have been in Double
Ace because they were made in the course of the plaintiffs’ business. But that
has not been proved.

(j) The defendant’s contention is also incorrect for the simple reason that
there is no evidence that WKY was put on inquiry about the 50 Payments to the
defendant. In particular, it was WKY’s evidence that he did not see the
defendant’s name on the TT forms that he signed and that if he had seen the
defendant’s name, he would have questioned the reason for the payment. There
is also no evidence that there was any reason for WKY to suspect WKN, the
patriarch of the Wong family. In any case, even if WKY had reason to suspect
the payments to the defendant, there is no evidence that WKC knew anything.
There is no suggestion anywhere that WKC knew anything of or was put on
inquiry about the payments to the defendant or their reasons.

(k) In the circumstances, the period of limitation in this case did not start
to run until April 2013 when the plaintiffs, through WKY, learnt of the low
balances in the plaintiffs’ accounts which ultimately led to the discovery of
the payments to the defendant in around March 2014.

105 As for these respective submissions concerning the defendant’s time-bar
defence, my observations and conclusions are as follows.

106 First, it is important to note that the underlying premise of s 29 of the
Limitation Act (ie, where s 29(1)(a) or (b) is satisfied, the commencement of
the limitation period will not be postponed in circumstances where the
plaintiffs could with reasonable diligence have discovered the fraud) might be
said to be somewhat anomalous – and perhaps even odd. After all, the object of
any fraud is to seek to deceive the innocent party and prevent its discovery,
and there is ample authority to the effect that if an innocent party is in
fact deceived by fraud, it generally matters not that such party may have been
a fool in trusting the knave. The underlying rationale in such circumstances
is that the fraudster has successfully achieved his intended evil purpose and
it is no defence that the innocent party could with reasonable diligence have
discovered the fraud. Be that as it may, it is manifest that, so far as
postponing the commencement of the limitation period, the purpose of s 29 is
to strike a balance in favour of finality and drawing a line such that where s
29(1)(a) or (b) is satisfied, the commencement of the limitation period will
only be postponed until the plaintiff has discovered or could with reasonable
diligence have discovered the fraud.

107 Second, the plaintiffs’ submission that the defendant’s time-bar defence
does not apply to the plaintiffs’ claim for unjust enrichment does not appear
to have been raised in the plaintiffs’ written Opening Statement but was
raised only at a late stage in the course of the trial. It rests on a close
reading of, in particular, paras 5, 82, and 90-97 of the Defence (Amendment No
4). I accept that the manner of pleading in the Defence is open to criticism
and is not entirely satisfactory. However, I am satisfied that on a fair
reading, the plea of time-bar potentially applies to all of the plaintiffs’
causes of action including unjust enrichment to the extent that the
requirements of s 29(1)(a) and/or s 29(1)(b) are satisfied. Certainly, my
understanding is that the parties proceeded on that basis until the pleading
point was raised, as I have said, by the plaintiffs at a late stage of the
trial.

108 Third, for the purpose of considering the defendant’s time-bar defence, I
proceed on an assumption in the plaintiffs’ favour that the requirements of s
29(1)(a) and/or s 29(1)(b) are satisfied, ie, that the action “is based upon
the fraud of the defendant or his agent…” and/or “the right of action is
concealed by the fraud of [the defendant or his agent]”. It is important to
emphasise that I make this assumption solely for that stated purpose, and, in
so doing, I recognise that, in one sense, I am putting the cart before the
horse. Thus, there was a debate in the course of the parties’ submissions as
to whether the plaintiffs’ claim for unjust enrichment was necessarily based
upon the fraud of the defendant or his agent within the meaning of s 29(1)(a);
and, of course, central to the other causes of action advanced by the
plaintiffs is the question whether there was any fraud at all by the defendant
let alone that the plaintiffs’ right of action was concealed by the fraud of
any such person within the meaning of s 29(1)(b). These are fundamental issues
in the case. However, as I have already stated, for the purpose of considering
the defendant’s time-bar defence, I make the assumption stated above. To the
extent that such assumption is wrong, it is plain that the plaintiffs cannot
rely on any postponement of the limitation period under s 29 of the Limitation
Act.

109 Fourth, on this basis, the central issues for the purpose of considering
this time-bar defence are (a) whether (and when) the plaintiffs discovered the
(alleged) fraud and (b) whether the plaintiffs could not with reasonable
diligence have discovered the fraud prior to April 2013. I phrase the latter
issue in this way because I accept that, in that context, the plaintiffs bear
the burden of proving that they could not with reasonable diligence have
discovered the fraud. As the authorities make plain, the question is not
whether the plaintiffs should have discovered the fraud but whether the
plaintiffs could with reasonable diligence have done so. In this regard, the
burden of proof is on the plaintiffs, who must establish that they could not
have discovered the fraud without exceptional measures which they could not
reasonably have been expected to take: see Lim Siew Bee ([100] supra) at
[131]. To this extent, the test is objective although, of course, what
measures the plaintiffs would reasonably be expected to take are very much
dependent on the facts of the case: Lim Siew Bee at [132].

110 Fifth, in considering whether the plaintiffs discovered the fraud or could
not with reasonable diligence have discovered the fraud prior to April 2013,
an important issue arises as to the identity of the individual(s) whose
knowledge or reasonable diligence is relevant. That issue was not explored in
any detail in the parties’ respective submissions. Plainly, WKN’s reasonable
diligence and knowledge are irrelevant because (on the stated assumption), he
was acting in fraud of the plaintiffs. So too, in my view, are Mr Tiang’s
knowledge and reasonable diligence irrelevant for that same reason. In
addition, I can see no proper basis for attributing his knowledge to that of
the plaintiffs. To that extent, I reject the defendant’s submission that Mr
Tiang’s knowledge or reasonable diligence should be imputed to the plaintiffs.
Both parties appear to have proceeded on the basis that, for the purposes of s
29 of the Limitation Act, the primary question was whether WKY could with
reasonable diligence have discovered the fraud; and I also proceed on that
basis. I put on one side WKC because, as I have stated, he moved to Australia
at an early stage and appears to have played no part in the plaintiffs’
business operations. Further, if WKY could not with reasonable diligence have
discovered the fraud, then I see no reason to suppose that WKC would have been
in any different position.

111 Sixth, I recognise some force in the plaintiffs’ submission that it is not
open to the defendant to run at least some of the arguments under BVI law
and/or Liberian law summarised above because he has not pleaded such
arguments; but the plaintiffs’ objection is not straightforward. As submitted
on behalf of the defendant, there is no requirement to prove foreign law as a
question of fact in Singapore International Commercial Court proceedings as
would have to be done in proceedings before the Singapore High Court (see
Report of the SICC Committee dated 29 November 2013; SICC Practice Directions
at para 110(1)); and as stipulated in O 110 r 25 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed), foreign law may be determined on the basis of
submissions. Nevertheless, that does not obviate the necessity to plead points
of foreign law at least succinctly. At the very least, such points of foreign
law should be properly identified or agreed.

112 Here, I accept that the defendant’s pleading was, at best confusing and,
at worst, internally inconsistent. However, whilst refraining from engaging in
a detailed analysis of the relevant procedural history, there is no doubt that
the pleadings did raise certain limited issues of BVI law and Liberian law.
Further, pursuant to O 110 r 25 of the Rules of Court (see also SICC Practice
Directions at para 110), the plaintiffs themselves made an application (viz
SIC/SUM 35/2020 (“SUM 35”)) for certain questions of BVI and Liberian law to
be determined by way of submissions instead of proof. By way of a letter dated
24 June 2020, the defendant’s solicitors had written to the court Registry to
indicate that the defendant had no objections to SUM 35, on the basis that, as
agreed by the parties, counsel for the plaintiffs and the defendant might also
deal with questions of foreign law in their Opening Statement and Closing
Submissions.

113 The problem in the present case is that the defendant’s foreign lawyers
strayed beyond the limited issues originally identified in the pleadings. That
was, to say the least, very unsatisfactory. In considering issues of foreign
law, it is, in my view, particularly important that the issues are properly
defined with specificity. However, I am satisfied that the plaintiffs’ foreign
lawyers were able to deal with the wider issues canvassed by the defendant’s
lawyers in their reply submissions; and, in such circumstances, I see no
prejudice to the plaintiffs in allowing submissions to be made on behalf of
the defendant with regard to BVI law and/or Liberian law as summarised above
based upon the opinions/submissions expressed by his foreign lawyers, Mr Folpp
and Mr Sannoh.

114 Seventh, as to the rights and duties of WKY and WKC with regard to the
plaintiffs’ business under BVI law and Liberian law and without intending any
discourtesy to the very detailed and helpful arguments on both sides, I would
summarise briefly my broad conclusions as follows:

(a) It is common ground that WKY and WKC were directors of Esben and Lismore
and, in that capacity, had a right to inspect and access the companies’
documents and records as a matter of BVI law and Liberian law.

(b) The position is less clear as to whether as directors of Esben and
Lismore, WKY and WKC had any personal duty to inspect and/or access those
plaintiffs’ respective records and underlying documentation (including the
electronic records of the payments) and/or to prepare and/or ensure the
accuracy of those plaintiffs’ accounts and financial statements and/or any
wider duty. On balance and borrowing the words of Jonathan Parker J in Barings
([101(a)(v)] supra) at 489, I am persuaded by the submissions of the
plaintiffs’ foreign lawyers that (whether under BVI law or Liberian law) there
is no rule of universal application which can be formulated as to such duty or
the entitlement of directors to delegate and to trust the delegates.

(c) On the evidence, I am not persuaded that WKY or WKC can properly be
regarded as de facto or “shadow” directors of either Incredible Power or
Rayley. As submitted on behalf of the defendant and summarised above, I
readily accept that they performed some activities on behalf of those
companies but there is little, if any, evidence to suggest that WKY or WKC
undertook functions in relation to those companies which could only be
discharged by a director or (more generally) exercised real influence in the
governance of those companies.

115 Eighth, in any event, I do not consider that the position of directors
(whether actual, de facto or shadow) under BVI law or Liberian law provides
much, if any assistance, on the crucial issue under s 29(1) of the Limitation
Act, ie, on the basis of the stated assumption that s 29(1)(a) and/or (b) are
triggered, have the plaintiffs established that WKY could not with reasonable
diligence have discovered the (alleged) fraud? In the circumstances of the
present case, it seems to me wholly unrealistic to suppose that the answer to
that question might depend on a detailed analysis of what rights or
obligations WKY or WKC might have under BVI law or Liberian law. At the end of
the day, it seems to me that, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, that
is ultimately a factual issue to be determined in the light of Singapore law
and the principles stated above. As to that issue, I readily accept the
defendant’s submission that the meaning of reasonable diligence is not the
doing of everything possible, but the doing of that which, under ordinary
circumstances and with regard to expense and difficulty, could be reasonably
required: Chua Teck Chew ([100] supra) at [29]; and that what constitutes
reasonable diligence will depend on all the circumstances of the case.

116 Here, the main thrust of the plaintiffs’ case was, as I have said, that
WKN was, in effect, the patriarch of the family; that WKY did as WKN told him;
that it would have been unthinkable in a traditional Chinese family for WKY to
ask questions; and that he (WKN) had absolute control over and could do what
he liked with the plaintiffs and would brook no interference. The foregoing
was certainly the submissions made on behalf of the plaintiffs but, in my
view, such submissions overstate the evidence. In so saying, I bear well in
mind the evidence of Ms Ting that WKN expected to be obeyed. That may well be
right so far as the employees of the WTK Group are concerned but, at the very
least, WKY was not an ordinary employee.

117 In my judgment, it is imperative to consider the evidence adduced by the
plaintiffs in order to determine whether, on the stated assumption, the
plaintiffs have discharged the burden on them that WKY could not with
reasonable diligence have discovered the (alleged) fraud.

118 As to such evidence, it is undisputed that WKY signed 25 of the TT forms
authorising the 50 Payments. As to these, WKY did not give any specific
evidence concerning his signing of any particular TT forms. Rather his
evidence was broad and very general. As appears from Annex B to this judgment,
four of these TT forms were signed by WKY alone – viz No 22 dated 30 October
2006 and three more in 2011 and 2012, ie, Nos 48, 49 and 50. Of the other 21
TT forms, WKY’s signature appears jointly with that of WKN.

119 In summary, WKY’s evidence as contained in his AEIC dated 3rd February
2020 was that he “left the management and the business of the Offshore
Companies including the [p]laintiffs, in WKN’s hands”; that he “trusted WKN to
act in the Offshore Companies’ interests”; that “[o]n some occasions, WKN came
to my office at the head office and asked me to sign TT [f]orms or cheques. I
recall that those TT [f]orms or cheques….were blank [ie] they had not been
completed and that WKN had signed on some of those TT [f]orms and cheques”;
that he “did as WKN asked”; that, following WKN’s instructions, WKY also
signed some TT forms placed before him by Mr Tiang when he visited the office
of Double Ace in Singapore some of which had been “completed” and with the
names of the beneficiaries filled in; that, in addition, he also signed and
left with Mr Tiang “blank TT [f]orms and cheques”; that he had done as Mr
Tiang asked, signing the “completed and bank TT [f]orms and cheques [as Mr
Tiang asked]”, believing these would be used to make payments in the
plaintiffs’ interests and to the plaintiffs’ suppliers and service providers;
that he could not “recall signing any cheques or TT [f]orms which bore [the
defendant’s] name”.

120 Similarly, WKY’s evidence in cross-examination was that if Mr Tiang or
another member of staff showed him a TT form to sign and said that WKN wanted
him (ie, WKY) to sign it, he would sign it; that in terms of the TT forms
which he signed during the entire period between 2001 and 2012, he never asked
about what the payments were for and had simply trusted WKN; that even when
WKY was being asked to sign completed TT Forms, he would not read the contents
“because [he] trusted [WKN]. … [Mr] Tiang asked [WKY] to sign. [He] just
signed. That is all”; and that he never asked WKN if he could see the bank
account statements or any of the plaintiffs’ financial documents. He testified
that he trusted his brother, WKN, throughout. Further, in cross-examination,
Ms Ting also confirmed that WKY trusted WKN and would sign documents “blindly”
once he saw the signature of the managing director of the relevant company’s
signature.

121 In cross-examination, WKY accepted that he could have asked Mr Tiang about
the reason for the 50 Payments; and that if he had raised questions about the
50 Payments, Mr Tiang would have been obliged to “explain to [him] why”
payment was being made to the defendant. Ms Ting also accepted that if WKY
ever asked a question, the staff of WTK Management would explain. In the light
of that evidence, I am satisfied that if WKY had ever asked Mr Tiang why he
was being asked to sign the TT forms and what any of the payments were for, he
would have been told that they were payments being made to the defendant.

122 It is important to note that in the course of cross-examination, WKY also
stated that he had not studied the plaintiffs’ bank account statements because
WKN did not allow him access to the financial records. He testified that
“[WKN] said before, he said don’t interfere with his - this offshore company
bank balances and so on. That is why [WKY did not] ask”. Further, he testified
that he did not ask to see the financial documents of any of the plaintiffs;
that he never inspected the books and records maintained by Mr Tiang in the
Singapore office “because [WKN] specifically told us don’t interfere with his
management of the offshore company..”; and that he never asked WKN what the
payments were for because he trusted WKN, and WKN would have been unhappy with
him if he had asked. This line of evidence was the subject of re-examination
when he repeated that “[WKN] doesn’t want us to interfere with his day-to-day
management. I don’t know the agenda behind this. … I still don’t know” and
that “[a]t the time when [WKN] … he took over all the companies in WTK [in
1993], at that time he say, “Don't touch.” Don't interfere with him you see?
And he would tell us what to do”. When WKY was asked further in re-examination
why he had come to the view that if he had questions, WKN would not have been
happy, his answer was “Usually he would – he will – … be angry. This is why I
don’t want to – I don’t want to quarrel with him.” When asked by the
plaintiffs’ counsel: “Angry with what?”, his answer was “If I ask about the
question.”

123 As to this important evidence of WKY, my observations and conclusions are
as follows:

(a) In considering generally the evidence of WKY, he was, as I have said,
almost 80 years old and, in my view, somewhat frail. As referred to above,
there is no doubt that the impression he sought to give was that he left
everything to WKN because he trusted him and, according to his oral evidence,
did not want to quarrel with him. However, WKY could not explain the basis of
his (ie, WKN’s) alleged concern or provide any reason as to why WKN would be
unhappy if he asked WKN questions. Moreover, it would, in my view, be a
mistake to think that WKY was, in any sense, an inexperienced or timid
individual. On the contrary, he was a Chartered Certified Accountant, the
former Senator of Malaysia who has been conferred the title “Permanca” and the
Chairman of the Sarawak Timber Association (see [101(a)(iv)] above). Having
seen and heard WKY give evidence, I am sure that he was very well able to make
appropriate enquiries if he wanted to do so.

(b) As I have said, there is an important issue as to whether the TT forms
signed by WKY were blank at the time when he signed them (either by himself or
together with WKN); or whether, at that time, the TT forms were completed at
least in part with defendant’s name and perhaps other details. As stated
above, it was WKY’s evidence that although some of the TT forms which he
signed were “completed” and already filled in with the names of the
beneficiaries, some were not; and that he could not recall signing any TT
forms with the defendant’s name on the forms. It is fair to say that this
supposed practice of WKY signing TT forms in blank was supported by the
evidence of Ms Loh; and I readily accept (as the defendant’s counsel also
accepted) that this probably happened from time to time. In passing, it is
perhaps worth noting one of the mysteries of this case viz if the payments to
the defendant were all part of a fraudulent scheme by WKN secretly to siphon
funds out of the plaintiffs for the benefit of the defendant against the
interests of his two brothers, WKY and WKC, it seems odd or at least curious
that WKN should have decided that these 25 TT forms should be ones signed by
WKY either alone or with WKN given, in particular, that WKN had authority to
sign the TT forms himself without the need for anyone’s else signature. On one
view, this might be said to tell against any fraud on the part of WKN although
I suppose that it could equally be suggested that this could have been part of
WKN’s attempt to cover his tracks.

(c) However, there is at least one document which indicates that, contrary to
his evidence, WKY was well aware of at least some payment being made to the
defendant personally. That document is a statement of account dated 31 August
2011 relating to Elite Honour, Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway showing a balance
due of RM2,000,705.87. Although it is not easy to match the currencies, it
seems likely that this payment constituted the two dollar payments Nos 48 and
49 totalling approximately US$680,000 dated 24 October 2011. The evidence of
Ms Loh was that this was a document originally prepared by Mr Ling concerning
payments that the defendant was requesting from the plaintiffs; that WKN (who
was, of course, in Australia at this time undergoing medical treatment) had
instructed her by telephone to obtain WKY’s approval to this payment by
getting him (WKY) to sign the document; and that the signed document should
then be sent to Mr Tiang. Following those instructions, the evidence of Ms Loh
was that she then wrote in manuscript at the bottom of the document “7/10/11
To Neil Wong’s Accounts”; that she then took the document to WKY (in the Sibu
Office) for his approval; that he (WKY) then signed the document himself
without asking any questions; that she then countersigned the document; and
that Ms Loh’s assistant then sent the completed document with WKY’s signature
and Ms Loh’s signature to Mr Tiang. Ms Loh was unable to say whether this
payment to the defendant’s account was processed. When shown this document in
cross-examination, WKY’s initial response was that although he had seen the
document at the time, he did not understand it; that he had simply signed the
document when it was brought to him by Ms Loh without asking any questions
because he trusted her; that he had not seen the words “To Neil Wong” when he
signed it and that: “Maybe later on they put it on. I don’t know.” That
suggestion that these words may have been added after WKY had signed the
document was, of course, in conflict with the evidence of Ms Loh (which I
accept) that she had already written those words, ie, “7/10/11 To Neil Wong’s
Accounts” on the document when she presented it to WKY for his approval and
signature. I am ready to accept that WKY may well have trusted Ms Loh; but I
do not accept that WKY did not understand the document nor that he had not
seen the words “7/10/11 To Neil Wong’s Accounts” which appear immediately
below his signature. On the contrary, I am satisfied that by signing this
document, he was well aware that he was giving his approval to the payment of
a substantial sum of money to the defendant personally. I readily accept that
the fact that WKY had approved and was aware of this particular payment to the
defendant does not, of course, prove of itself that he was also aware of the
other payments to the defendant. However, it is, in my view, important
because, although only a snippet, it is, at the very least, incontrovertible
contemporaneous documentary evidence which (together with the evidence of Ms
Loh) undermines the main thrust of WKY’s evidence that he was not aware of
payments being made directly to the defendant; and that if he had seen the
defendant’s name, he would have questioned the reason for the payment. At the
very least, it shows that he was perfectly happy to sign off on at least one
payment to the defendant without demur.

(d) In the event, I find it impossible to say, even on a balance of
probabilities, whether the particular 25 TT forms which WKY did sign and which
are the subject matter of the present action did or did not bear the
defendant’s name when they were signed by him; nor whether (apart from the
particular payments referred to in the previous sub-paragraph) WKY was or was
not actually aware of the payments to the defendant. I reach this somewhat
unsatisfactory conclusion partly because (i) even on the assumption that WKY
was not deliberately lying, it was quite obvious that his memory was failing;
(ii) I am not satisfied that his evidence was reliable having regard to my
conclusions as stated above and the further matters referred to below; and
(iii) there is no other independent evidence to corroborate WKY’s testimony.

(e) In evidence, WKY accepted that he was very interested - indeed keen - to
know about the plaintiffs’ business. He also accepted that he could have asked
Mr Tiang about the reason for the 50 Payments, and that if he had raised
questions about the 50 Payments, Mr Tiang would have been obliged to explain
why payment was being made to the defendant. Ms Ting also accepted that if WKY
had asked a question, the staff of WTK Management would have explained. In
these circumstances, it is difficult, if not impossible, to understand why WKY
did not ask any questions at all with regard to the TT forms which he signed
even if, as he said, he trusted WKN and even if, again as he said, they were
blank when he signed them; or why he did not bother to look at any bank
accounts or other records during the relevant period.

(f) As referenced above, I bear well in mind that in the course of cross-
examination and then re-examination, the evidence of WKY was that WKN had
positively told WKY not to interfere in the plaintiffs’ business; that WKN did
not allow him access to the plaintiffs’ records; that if WKY asked WKN, WKN
would “not be happy” with WKY; that WKN would “usually” (specifically when, or
how often, was unstated) be angry with him (WKY) if he (WKY) asked a question;
and that he (WKY) did not want to quarrel with WKN. However, I found this
evidence most unsatisfactory and difficult to accept. Previously, the main
reason given by WKY for simply doing what WKN told him to do was that he
trusted WKN. If the position had, in truth, been as stated in WKY’s cross-
examination and re-examination, it is surprising that there is nothing to this
effect in WKY’s first AEIC. Such a scenario is also difficult, if not
impossible to marry with the fact that, as WKY himself acknowledged, the three
brothers shared a “very good relationship” and were “close”.

(g) In summary, I am unable to say positively that WKY was aware of the 50
Payments to the defendant - other than Payment Nos 48 and 49 if and to the
extent that such payments were (as they seem to be) the ones approved by WKY
when he signed the statement of account dated 31 August 2011 as referred to
above. However, in light of the above and on the stated assumption (ie, that
the 50 Payments were made fraudulently), I am not persuaded that the
plaintiffs have discharged the burden on them to show that WKY could not with
reasonable diligence have discovered such fraud prior to March 2011 when WKN
fell seriously ill and travelled to Australia for medical treatment.

(h) In my judgment, that latter conclusion is even stronger when considering
events after WKN went to Australia in March 2011. As already noted, WKY
accepted in evidence that he was very interested - indeed keen - to know about
the plaintiffs’ business. On that basis and even accepting much of WKY’s
evidence, it beggars belief that WKY did not take up the reins or at least
avail himself of the opportunity of looking at the plaintiffs’ records
(including bank statements) after WKN fell ill and went to Australia for
medical treatment in 2011 and, perhaps even more so, after WKN subsequently
died in 2013. However, WKY denied that he took over from WKN after he (WKN)
left for Australia (with the exception of WTK Realty). On the contrary, his
evidence was that even when WKN became terminally ill and went to Australia in
March 2011, he did not even ask WKN about who was going to be looking after
the plaintiffs’ business; nor did he go and ask Mr Tiang. In my view, that is
particularly remarkable and difficult, if not impossible, to accept given that
WKN tendered his resignation as Chairman and Managing Director of WTK Realty
on 16 May 2011 and as CEO of WTK Holdings on 15 June 2011. In any event, once
WKN was in Australia, there could be no reason whatsoever for WKY not to
access and inspect any bank statements or other records he may have wished to
look at; and, given the absence of WKN and WKY’s expressed keenness to know
about the plaintiffs’ business, every reason to do so.

(i) What is clear is that WKY signed various documents, including various
Harvard Rank sales invoices from 2011 to 2012, back-to-back invoices which
were issued from logging companies to the plaintiffs, and from the plaintiffs
to the overseas buyers from 2010 to 2014, payment vouchers of Elite Honour
authorising payments to GCH, payment vouchers and cheques of Ocarina and
Sunrise Megaway authorising payments to DRM, and financial statements for
companies like Elite Honour, Ocarina, Faedah Mulia, WTK Management, Harvard
Rank, Song Logging and Salwong throughout the relevant period up to 2012. The
full details of these invoices, payment vouchers, cheques and financial
statements were identified in a helpful “aide-memoire” provided by counsel on
behalf of the defendant as part of his counsel’s final oral submissions at the
end of the trial. For the sake of brevity, I refrain from setting out the full
list in detail. As submitted on behalf of the defendant, WKY was an
experienced businessman and trained accountant. It would have been well within
his expertise to understand these documents. As submitted on behalf of the
plaintiffs, I accept that these documents do not refer to the 50 Payments to
the defendant. However, they show, at the very least, that WKY was directly
involved to some extent at least in the business operations of these relevant
companies; and, in my view, they support the view that, at the very least, WKY
could with reasonable diligence have accessed the plaintiffs’ bank statements
and other documents and, if had done so, discovered the 50 Payments to the
defendant.

(j) The evidence of Mdm Ma is that WKN “would tell [his subordinates] to speak
to WKY” on work matters from about late 2011. This is corroborated by Ms Ting,
who explained that she was instructed to “report to and take instructions from
WKY” in early 2011, when WKY was leaving Sibu for Sydney. When I asked WKY at
the end of his evidence why, after WKN went to Australia in March 2011, he did
not go to Mr Tiang and ask him what was going on, there was a long pause
before he eventually answered by saying that he was “…too busy in my
Malaysia[n] business. That is why I didn’t bother about Singapore. Singapore
already stopped trading already in 2011 I think. The Hong Kong bank doesn't
want to trade with us this unsuccessful logging operation. That is why he
[presumably, Mr Tiang] want[ed] to close all the accounts.” I am prepared to
assume that WKY may well have been busy with his Malaysian business; and it
may well be that “Singapore” (by which I understood him to mean the
plaintiffs’ business) stopped trading in 2011. However, we know that after WKN
had travelled to Australia for medical treatment in 2011, two payments (ie,
Nos 48 and 49 totalling approximately US$680,000) and a further payment (ie,
No 50 totalling in two tranches a further sum of RM 2m equivalent to
approximately US$673,000) were paid to the defendant pursuant to TT forms
signed by WKY in October 2011 and about a year later in November 2012. When
those TT forms were signed by WKY is unknown. However, as it seems to me, the
important point is that borrowing WKY’s words, he simply did not “bother”
about Singapore (where, of course, Double Ace’s office was situated) when,
during WKN’s absence in Australia, he could, if he had wanted, very easily
have inspected the plaintiffs’ bank accounts and other records. I also bear in
mind that (i) he was certainly a director and shareholder of Esben, Lismore
and Double Ace and (at least indirectly) a shareholder of Incredible Power and
Rayley; and (ii) he was, as I have already stated, a signatory to the bank
accounts and could, if had wished, obtained bank statements directly from HSBC
bank at any stage.

(k) In my judgment, WKY’s evidence becomes even more difficult to understand
after WKN died in March 2013. In truth, the possible failure to exercise
reasonable diligence after this date is not strictly relevant to the time-bar
defence because even if the limitation period commenced any time after WKN’s
death, the present action was commenced on 20 November 2017, ie, within six
years of WKN’s death. However, WKY’s inaction after WKN’s death is perhaps not
entirely irrelevant because, in my view, it reflects a remarkable indifference
to the plaintiffs’ business operations which WKY cannot justify simply on the
basis of his constant mantra that he left everything to WKN because he trusted
WKN; or because he did not want to quarrel with WKN. Thus, when asked at the
end of his evidence whether, after WKN’s death, he requested Mr Tiang to give
him the financial statements and documents, WKN’s response was that he did not
do so because Mr Tiang had already destroyed them. That was obviously
incorrect because the evidence is that Mr Tiang did not destroy the documents
until much later, ie, in September 2014, although in fairness to WKY, it may
be that he misunderstood the question put to him. In any event, WKY confirmed
in evidence that although he went to the Double Ace office in Singapore after
WKN’s death to see Mr Tiang, he did not ask Mr Tiang to produce the documents.
According to WKY, Mr Tiang simply told him: “[t]here were not much left in the
company. The money not much now [sic]”. Of course, we know now that Mr Tiang
had himself been stealing huge sums of money from the plaintiffs over a number
of years; and it may well be that Mr Tiang’s tactic was to seek to fob off any
enquiries that WKY might make. But, in my view, WKY’s inaction to exercise
reasonable diligence with regard to the plaintiffs’ business and to inspect
relevant bank statements and other financial records following the death of
WKN is a reflection of, and consistent with, his pattern of indifferent
behaviour over many years.

124 In expressing my observations and conclusions above, I have glossed over
one potentially important point raised by the plaintiffs which I should
address briefly. In summary, it was the plaintiffs’ submission that the
concept of reasonable diligence involves two considerations. The first is
whether the plaintiff was put on inquiry or had reasonable cause to take steps
which would have led to the discovery of the relevant fact (Davies ([98(a)]
supra) at [59]) where a plaintiff is put on inquiry only when he encounters
facts which arouse suspicion: DM Divers ([96(b)] supra) at [89]. The second is
whether having been put on inquiry the plaintiff acted sufficiently diligently
in taking the necessary steps to ascertain the existence of the fraud or
mistake: Davies at [59]. Here, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs
that there was no evidence to suggest that WKY was ever put on enquiry of any
possible fraud prior to April 2013 with the result, if I understand the
plaintiffs’ case correctly, that the time-bar defence must necessarily fail.

125 This point raises an important question of law as to the proper scope of s
29 of the Limitation Act. However, it was not explored in any detail in the
course of the parties’ submissions; and, in my view, the authorities cited do
not support the broad proposition inherent in what I understood to be the
plaintiffs’ submission viz that a plaintiff must be put on enquiry of a
possible fraud before there can be any question of the exercise of reasonable
diligence. As to that submission, I readily accept that, echoing the words of
Patten J in Davies at [59], the first consideration may well be to ask whether
the plaintiff was put on inquiry or had reasonable cause to take steps which
would have led to the discovery of the relevant fact although the latter begs
the question as to whether the words “reasonable cause” are intended to refer
– and to refer solely - to a suspicion of fraud. My tentative view is that
that cannot be so because any suspicion of fraud would necessarily fall within
the phrase “put on inquiry”. I also readily accept that (a) a plaintiff is put
on inquiry only when he encounters facts which arouse suspicion; and (b) if
the plaintiff is put on inquiry, the second consideration will be whether the
plaintiff has acted sufficiently diligently in relevant respect.

126 However, it is important to note that the wording of s 29 of the
Limitation Act does not, on its face, seem to require a plaintiff to be “put
on inquiry” or have his suspicions aroused. All it says is that, in the stated
circumstances, “…the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the
plaintiff has discovered the fraud or the mistake, as the case may be, or
could with reasonable diligence have discovered it”. In other words, it does
not seem to be a precondition of the operation of s 29 that the plaintiff must
be “put on inquiry” or have his suspicions aroused with regard to a possible
fraud; and, although that may well be what happens in many cases, no case was
cited to me to support any such precondition, and Davies does not quite go so
far. For these brief reasons and in the absence of any clear authority to the
contrary, I do not accept the plaintiffs’ submission that the time-bar defence
must necessarily fail if and to the extent that WKY was not put on inquiry of
a possible fraud prior to April 2013.

127 However, if I am wrong as to the scope of s 29 of the Limitation Act, it
seems to me that any precondition as urged by the plaintiffs would be
satisfied on the basis of WKY’s own evidence. As stated above, during cross-
examination and re-examination, WKY asserted that WKN had positively told him
not to interfere in the plaintiffs’ business, that he did not allow him access
to the plaintiffs’ records and that WKN would “usually” be angry with him
(WKY) if he (WKY) asked a question. Even accepting that WKN was regarded as
the patriarch of the family, it is difficult to understand what possible
legitimate explanation there may be for such conduct on the part of WKN given
that WKY was a major (33.3%) shareholder (directly or indirectly) of all the
plaintiffs, a named director of Esben and Lismore and, again on the basis of
WKY’s own evidence, the three brothers had a “very good relationship” and were
“close”. In my judgment, such conduct on the part of WKN would have been
sufficient to put WKY on inquiry and arouse at least some suspicion on the
part of WKY to satisfy any precondition that might exist for the purposes s 29
of the Limitation Act; and in such circumstances, I am not satisfied that the
assertion by WKY that he did not want to quarrel with WKN would constitute a
good reason for failing to exercise reasonable diligence to discover the
alleged fraud.

128 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that all of the plaintiffs’
claims are time-barred apart from the claim in respect of the last payment ie,
No 50 which consisted of two tranches each of US$336,527 both dated 29
November 2012. In such circumstances, it is unnecessary to consider the
further defences advanced on behalf of the defendant that the plaintiffs’
claims are barred by the doctrine of laches and/or acquiescence.

129 However, in case I am wrong on the time-bar issue, I will now deal with
the plaintiffs’ claims on the assumption that they are not time-barred as well
as the plaintiffs’ claim in respect of Payment No 50.

The plaintiffs’ claims against the defendant

130 It was the plaintiffs’ case that they were entitled to succeed against the
defendant on the basis of four main grounds viz unjust enrichment, dishonest
assistance, knowing receipt and unlawful means conspiracy.

(A) Unjust Enrichment

131 It was common ground between the parties that the elements of a claim for
unjust enrichment are (a) the defendant has benefited or been enriched; (b)
the enrichment was at the expense of the plaintiff; and (c) the enrichment was
unjust: Koh Sin Chong Freddie v Singapore Swimming Club [2015] 1 SLR 1240 at
[208]; Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate
of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 (“Anna Wee”) at [98].

132 Here, it is indisputable (and undisputed) that the defendant received all
50 Payments, ie, the defendant has benefited or been enriched, thus satisfying
the first element.

133 The second and third elements are less straightforward. On behalf of the
plaintiffs, it was submitted in summary as follows:

(a) The monies “belonged” to the plaintiffs.

(b) The defendant does not deny that the plaintiffs’ monies were used to make
39 of the 50 Payments.

(c) For the other 11 payments (ie, the alleged gifts), the law is that
companies cannot make gifts unless the directors can show that the gift was in
the interests of the company: Walter Woon on Company Law (Tan Cheng Han gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) (“Woon”) at para 8.20.

(d) In any event, (i) the suggestion that the remaining 11 payments were made
to the defendant using WKN’s monies has no evidentiary basis; and (ii) a
benefit is at the plaintiff’s expense if a defendant receives that benefit
immediately from the plaintiff or receives a benefit traceable from the
plaintiff’s assets: Zhou Weidong v Liew Kai Lung and others [2018] 3 SLR 1236
(“Zhou Weidong”) at [52]; Anna Wee at [112], [115]-[116].

(e) The defendant’ enrichment was unjust for the following reasons:

(i) A plaintiff company’s lack of consent to the transfer of its money is a
legally recognised unjust factor: AAHG, LLC v Hong Hin Kay Albert [2017] 3 SLR
636 at [74]; Compañia De Navegación Palomar, SA and others v Koutsos, Isabel
Brenda (“Compañia”) [2020] SGHC 59 at [127]-[129].

(ii) The plaintiffs did not consent to the payments to the defendant because
they were not authorised, ie, they were not in the plaintiffs’ interests. WKN
caused the plaintiffs to make the payments to the defendant which were not in
their interests.

(iii) A director’s duty to act in the interest of the company means that the
director may only consider the interests of his company when making a
decision. His overriding motive must be to advance the company’s interests: In
re W & M Roith Ltd [1967] 1 WLR 432. The test is both subjective and
objective. The subjective element of the test relates to whether the director
had exercised his discretion bona fide in what he considered was in the
interests of the company: Howard Smith Ltd v Ampol Petroleum Ltd and others
[1974] AC 821 at 832. But the subjective belief of the director cannot
determine the issue: the court has to assess whether an honest and intelligent
man in the position of the director, taking an objective view, could
reasonably have concluded that the transaction was in the interests of the
company: Charterbridge Corporation Ltd v Lloyds Bank Ltd and another [1970] Ch
62 at 74-75. Thus, where the transaction is not objectively in the company’s
interests, the court may infer that the director was not acting honestly.

(iv) A company is taken not to have consented to a payment if that payment was
made for a purpose other than which the company had authorised, and illegal
payments and gifts which are not in the interests of the company cannot on any
view be authorised: Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell and Stephen Watterson,
Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed,
2016) (“Goff & Jones”) at para 8-36; Great Eastern Railway v Turner (1872) LR
8 ChApp 149; Woon at para 8.20.

(v) The plaintiffs’ innocent directors (WKY and WKC) did not know of those
payments. A company is taken not to have consented to a payment if the
company’s innocent directors were not aware of that payment: Compañia
[129]-[130]; Aljunied-Hougang Town Council and another v Lim Swee Lian Sylvia
and others and another suit [2019] SGHC 241 (“AHTC”) at [469].

(vi) WKY said that he did not consent or authorise the payments to the
defendant and that WKN did not disclose the fact of the payments to WKY or
seek the approval of the plaintiffs’ shareholders and directors. Indeed, none
of the defendant’s witnesses suggested that WKN disclosed the fact of the
payments to the plaintiffs or WKY or WKC.

(vii) It is not correct for the defendant to say that the payments were
authorised by way of TT forms authorised by one or more of the plaintiffs’
directors. WKN’s authorisation is irrelevant. Where a company has been the
victim of wrongdoing by its director, then the wrongdoing or knowledge of the
director cannot be attributed to the company as a defence to a claim that the
company brings against the director: Bilta (UK) Ltd (in liquidation) and
others v Nazir and others (No 2) [2016] AC 1 at [7]; Ong Bee Chew v Ong Shu
Lin [2019] 3 SLR 132 at [169].

(viii) WKY did not authorise the payments. WKY said that he signed the TT
forms on WKN’s and Mr Tiang’s request believing that the TT forms would be
used to make payments to its suppliers of timber logs, that he signed some TT
forms in blank and he did not see the defendant’s name on any of those TT
forms. WKY discovered the payments to the defendant only after WKN passed
away.

(ix) Where a director authorises a payment (for example by signing a cheque)
in circumstances where the fraudulent nature of the transaction has been
concealed from him, the knowledge of the purpose of that payment is not
imputed to that director and the director is not taken to have participated in
that payment: Liquidator of the Caledonian Heritable Security Co (Limited) v
Curror's Trustee (1882) 9 R 1115 at 1131; Land Credit Company of Ireland v
Lord Fermoy (1870) LR 5 Ch App 763.

(x) Further, if as the defendant now claims, the payments were made to the
defendant consistently with the plaintiffs’ (alleged) “practice” of making
“onshore” and “offshore” payments, then the payments would be payments of
black money pursuant to an arrangement that involved illegal acts under
Malaysian law. It has been long established that a court will not allow a
party to base his defence upon wrongdoing.

(xi) Where a claim in unjust enrichment is established, the plaintiff is
entitled to restitutionary recovery of the benefits conferred on the defendant
(Ochroid Trading Ltd and another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import &
Export) and another [2018] 1 SLR 363 (“Ochroid”) at [139]).

(xii) Thus, the defendant should be ordered to pay the plaintiffs the
US$20,278,565.41 and S$4,673,100.52 that was paid to him.

134 As to these submissions, I readily accept the accuracy of the propositions
of law advanced by the plaintiffs as summarised above. The main difficulty in
the present case is how such propositions are to be applied in the
circumstances of the present case. In that context, I bear well in mind that
the plaintiff companies were not operated in the ordinary or usual way. In
particular, as already noted above, it appears that there were no board
meetings, no financial statements, no annual accounts and no declaration of
profit or dividends properly so called. For whatever reason, I accept that the
plaintiffs’ operations were run throughout by WKN with both WKY and WKC
leaving WKN to “run the show”; and that, in broad terms, WKY and WKC both did
what WKN told them to do and, in so doing, trusted WKN to act properly in the
interests of the plaintiff companies.

135 In that context, it is also important to note that it is admitted by the
defendant on the pleadings that WKN owed the plaintiffs various duties under
BVI and Liberian law viz:

(a) To act in the best interests of the plaintiffs;

(b) To exercise his powers for a proper purpose and in accordance with the BVI
Business Companies Act 2004 (in respect of Esben and Incredible Power) and the
Liberian Associations Law (in respect of Rayley and Lismore) and the
plaintiffs’ respective memoranda and articles of association;

(c) To act honestly to promote the interests and success of the plaintiffs for
the benefit of the plaintiffs;

(d) To act bona fide and in good faith in the interests of the plaintiffs in
the discharge of all his duties, powers, responsibilities, obligations and
functions assigned to or vested in or attached to or assumed by him as a
director (whether de jure, de facto and/or shadow) of the plaintiffs;

(e) To act for the proper purpose of the plaintiffs in relation to all of
their affairs;

(f) When exercising powers or performing duties as a director, to exercise the
care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director would exercise in the
same circumstances taking into account, but without limitation, the nature of
the company, the nature of the decision, and the position of the director and
the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him;

(g) To ensure that the affairs of the plaintiffs were properly administered
and that their assets and property were properly accounted for and were not
dissipated or exploited to the prejudice of the plaintiffs; and

(h) To disclose to the plaintiffs any of his breaches of any of the aforesaid
or other duties owed to the plaintiffs.

In my judgment, the foregoing is important because it eliminates any
suggestion that WKN had carte blanche to do whatever he liked with the
plaintiffs or to utilise or distribute the plaintiffs’ monies freely in such
manner as he might in his absolute discretion think fit.

136 I have already addressed in broad terms the significant evidential
difficulties in the present case as well as the important question as to what
adverse inferences are to be drawn in light of the fact that the defendant has
deliberately decided not to give evidence without any satisfactory reason for
so doing. Bearing all those matters in mind as well as the propositions of law
advanced by the plaintiffs which I have accepted, my observations and
conclusions with regard to the plaintiffs’ claims based on unjust enrichment
are as follows.

137 The starting point is that it is undisputed that WKN caused the plaintiffs
to make the 50 Payments to the defendant personally. The main questions which
then arise are (a) whether the payments were bona fide in the plaintiffs’
interests; and/or (b) whether the other directors/shareholders consented
thereto.

138 In answering these questions in the rather unusual circumstances of the
present case, it seems to me critical to consider where the legal and
evidential burdens lie. In that context, I was referred to a number of
authorities including Panweld HC ([93(a)] supra) ; Ho Kang Peng v Scintronix
Corp Ltd (formerly known as TTL Holdings Ltd) [2014] 3 SLR 329 (“Ho Kang
Peng”); Goh Chan Peng and others v Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and
another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 592 (“Goh Chan Peng”). In their written
submissions, the plaintiffs proffered a helpful analysis of these three cases
which I gratefully adopt:

(a) In Panweld HC, the plaintiff company sued one of its directors, the
defendant, for breaching his fiduciary duty to act in the interests of the
company by causing the company to make payments to his wife for 17 years as
“salary” when his wife was not an employee of the company. The defendant
director did not dispute that he owed the plaintiff company a fiduciary duty
to act in its interests and that he had caused the company to make the
payments to his wife (at [36]). However, the defendant director claimed that,
inter alia, the company had employed his wife as a marketing executive and she
had rendered services (at [15]). The court said that if it found that the
director’s wife was not an employee of the company in any meaningful sense of
the word, “it would follow” that the defendant had acted in breach of his
fiduciary duties in causing the company to pay his wife’s “salary” for 17
years (at [22]). On the facts, the court found that his wife was not an
employee of the company and so the defendant director had breached his
fiduciary duty to act in the interests of the company (at [37]).

(b) In Ho Kang Peng, the plaintiff company sued its director, the defendant,
for, inter alia, breaching his fiduciary duty to act in the interests of the
company by causing the company to make payments pursuant to a fictitious
consulting agreement under which no services were provided to the plaintiff
company. The plaintiff company argued that once it showed that the defendant
director had signed a sham agreement for non-existent services and made
payments thereunder without formal board authorisation, the burden shifted to
the defendant director to show that he acted in the interests of the company.
The defendant claimed that the agreement and the payments made under the
agreement were in the interests of the company because the purpose of that
agreement and the payments was to procure business for the company (at [13]
and [14]). The High Court found that the agreement was fictitious, and so it
was “incumbent” on the defendant director to show that the payments were made
for some alternative purpose which was in the company’s interests. Since the
defendant was unable to satisfy it of the factual basis of his defence, the
plaintiff company had made out its claim that the defendant breached his
duties to act in the company’s interests (at [11] and [12]). The Court of
Appeal dismissed the defendant director’s appeal against the High Court’s
decision. The Court of Appeal found that the payments were actually bribes and
that the defendant director had acted in breach of his duty to act in the
company’s interests (at [32]-[44]).

(c) In Goh Chan Peng, the plaintiff company sued the defendant director for
breaching his fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of the company by
causing the company to incur expenses which it argued were unjustified. The
expenses were for wine purchases, medical equipment, course fees that his
daughter attended, medical treatments for the defendant director, a camera
lens and fountain pens (at [76]). The defendant director did not dispute the
fact of the expenses or the sums. Instead, he argued, inter alia, that the
expenses were justified as “general corporate business expenses that have been
incurred in the course of Beyonics Group’s usual operations”, either as
legitimate company expenses or as legitimate employee benefits. The High Court
found that all these expenses were not relevant to the business of the company
and were entered into for the defendant director’s benefit and/or that of his
family members (Beyonics Technology Ltd and another v Goh Chan Peng and others
[2016] SGHC 120 at [165]-[175] (“Beyonics Technology”)). The Court of Appeal
affirmed the High Court’s decision save for one point (Goh Chan Peng at [94]).
In affirming the High Court’s decision, the Court of Appeal rejected the
defendant’s director’s contention that the High Court had erred in placing the
onus on the defendant director to show that the expenses were legitimate. The
Court of Appeal pointed out that the High Court considered the evidential
burden had shifted to the defendant because the expenses were not directly
relevant to the company’s business and that the defendant director had not
rebutted that evidence. He could not demonstrate how the expenses were
reasonably incidental to the carrying on of the company’s business and so the
High Court was justified in arriving at its decision save for one point. The
Court of Appeal accepted that the defendant director’s explanation for why the
fountain pens were purchased was reasonable, ie, they were for the benefit of
the company to employees and a sign of appreciation for directors. So, the
Court of Appeal reversed the High Court’s decision to order him to repay the
cost of the fountain pens (Goh Chan Peng at [80]-[84]).

139 In addition to these authorities, the plaintiffs’ counsel also relied upon
Ong Teck Soon (executor of the estate of Ong Kim Nang, deceased) v Ong Teck
Seng and another [2017] 4 SLR 819 (“Ong Teck Soon”) with specific reference to
the 11 (or 14) payments which the defendant asserted were “gifts”. One of the
questions before the High Court in that case was whether the legal burden was
on the first defendant to prove that the testator gave the first defendant two
watches as gifts, or on the plaintiff to prove otherwise (at [26]). There, the
plaintiff had pleaded that the first defendant took and retained the watches
“without legal basis”. The first defendant in that case did not deny that he
had the two watches and that they belonged to the testator before they came
into his possession (at [33]). The High Court said that in determining where
the legal burden lies, the pleadings are invariably the first port of call. It
is from the pleadings that the court may glean the material facts that each
party had asserted to establish its claim or defence. Sections 103 and 105 of
the Evidence Act place the burden of proving a fact on the party who asserts
the existence of any fact in issue or relevant fact, respectively (at [28]).
The High Court concluded that in the circumstances, because the testator had
passed on, the first defendant in that case was “better placed to lead
evidence about the circumstances of the alleged gifts to him” and hence the
legal burden was on the that defendant to prove his defence that the testator
gave him the watches as gifts (at [33]).

140 On this basis, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the legal
burden fell on the defendant to prove his case that the 11 (or 14) payments
were indeed gifts. As formulated, I do not accept that submission; or at
least, it is my view that such submission is too simplistic. As stated by the
learned Judge in Ong Teck Soon, I fully agree that in determining where the
legal burden lies, the pleadings are invariably the first port of call. Here,
it is a critical part of the plaintiffs’ pleaded case that the making of these
50 Payments was “unjust”. Consistent with all the authorities (including Ong
Teck Soon) and applying relevant principles to the facts in the present case,
it seems to me plain that in seeking to establish their case that the payments
were “unjust”, the legal burden rests firmly and throughout on the plaintiffs
to show that the 50 Payments were not bona fide in the interests of the
plaintiffs. Further, it seems to me equally plain that the plaintiffs have
prima facie satisfied that burden by showing that these payments were made to
the defendant into his personal bank accounts in circumstances where it is
undisputed that (a) the plaintiffs were in the business of buying timber from
companies in Malaysia which they sold overseas to third party buyers and (b)
the defendant did not personally himself supply timber or provide other
services personally himself in relation thereto.

141 In these circumstances and again consistent with the authorities referred
to above, it seems to me that the evidential burden shifts to the defendant to
provide a satisfactory explanation supported by evidence as to why the 50
Payments were not “unjust” and, in particular, why it would be wrong to
conclude that the Payments were not in the plaintiffs’ interest or otherwise
not illegitimate.

142 It is in this context that it becomes necessary to consider the positive
substantive defences advanced by the defendant, bearing in mind, in
particular, the provisions of ss 103 and 105 of the Evidence Act to the effect
that he who asserts must prove as well as s 108 of the Evidence Act that
“[w]hen any fact is especially within the knowledge of any person, the burden
of proving that fact is upon him”. To be clear, in expressing the foregoing, I
bear well in mind the judgment of Rajah JC in Cheong ([60(d)] supra) and the
importance of exercising caution so as, in effect, not to reverse the burden
of proof. However, for the avoidance of doubt, I repeat that the legal burden
of establishing that the 50 Payments were “unjust” and not in the plaintiffs’
interest rests firmly and throughout on the plaintiffs notwithstanding that
the evidential burden of providing a satisfactory explanation supported by
evidence as to why the 50 Payments were not “unjust” and, in particular, why
it would be wrong to conclude that the 50 Payments were not in the plaintiffs’
interest or otherwise not illegitimate has shifted to the defendant for the
brief reasons stated above.

143 Against that background, I turn to consider the defendant’s case. In
summary, this was that all 50 payments were made for legitimate purposes viz

(a) 36 of the payments were made on behalf of the WTK Group for goods and/or
services which were provided by companies controlled by the defendant and Mdm
Ma. These 36 payments may be grouped into the following categories of
services:

(i) Services provided by GCH to Elite Honour;

(ii) Services provided by DRM to Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway; and

(iii) Supply of timber logs from WTK Reforestation to Faedah Mulia;

(b) Three of the payments comprised the defendant’s entitlement to directors’
fees and/or shareholders dividends; alternatively were gifts to the defendant.

(c) 11 of the payments comprise WKN’s entitlement from the plaintiffs which he
in turn gifted to the defendant, Mdm Ma and/or his sister.

I consider each in turn although I propose to deal with them in reverse order.

The 11 alleged Gifts

144 The 11 payments which are said to be “gifts” are identified in Annex B and
summarised in the Table below:

S/N| Date of payment| Paid by| Amount - RM 1

##### Foot Note 1

× These amounts have been taken from the TT forms.  | Amount - US$| TT Form Signatory  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| 23 Jan 2001| Lismore| N/A| 75,000| WKN  
2| 26 Jan 2001| Lismore| N/A| 75,000| WKN  
6| 11 Feb 2003| Rayley| N/A| 110,026| WKN & WKY  
7| 29 Aug 2003| Incredible Power| N/A| 263,852| WKN & WKY  
8| 13 Jan 2004| Esben| N/A| 120,000| WKN & WKY  
9| 21 Jun 2004| Esben| 1,000,000| 263,852| WKN&WKY  
10| 2 Aug 2004| Esben| 1,000,000| 263,852| WKN & WKY  
11| 29 Oct 2004| Esben| 2,800,000| 736,997| WKN & WKY  
12| 5 Nov 2004| Incredible Power| 5,000,000| 1,319,260| WKN & WKY  
13| 13 Jan 2005| Rayley| 2,100,000| 552,631.57| WKN & WKY  
18| 23 Sept 2005| Incredible Power| 2,700,000| 710,526| WKN  
  
145 In summary, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that all these 11
payments were made from monies which belonged to WKN as directors’ fees and/or
a share of his shareholder dividends as a shareholder of the Logging
Companies. In support of that submission, it was asserted on behalf of the
defendant that the WTK Group had a practice of using the revenue collected by
the Offshore Companies to pay off the costs, fees and expenses associated with
the logging business, before distributing the balance to the shareholders of
the Logging Companies by way of cash; and that WKN held a majority stake in a
large number of the Logging Companies. Further, it was submitted on behalf of
the defendant that WKY was fully aware of these gifts from WKN to his family
and never raised any objections when WKN was alive; and as summarised above,
according to the TT forms referred to above, eight of those TT forms were
signed not only by WKN but also by WKY.

146 In theory, I readily accept that these 11 payments may well have been
legitimate on the basis submitted on behalf of the defendant as summarised
above. In principle, I see no difficulty with a director of a company gifting
his directors’ fees or a shareholder gifting his dividends to a third party;
and I would also be prepared to accept that given the unorthodox way in which
the plaintiff companies appear to be have been run without any financial
statements or proper accounting, such gifting might have been conducted in a
somewhat informal and haphazard fashion.

147 However, in order to get this defence off the ground, it seems to me that
the evidential burden lies on the defendant to adduce at least some evidence
to show that these were indeed legitimate gifts, and, in so doing, at least
shift the evidential burden back to the plaintiffs. In that context, I fully
recognise that these payments are all very old and that even in the ordinary
course, and forgetting the particular evidential difficulties in the present
case that I have already referred to earlier in this judgment, a court would
perhaps look with some sympathy on the absence of documents which might prove,
for example, that such payments were derived from fees or dividends to which
WKN was entitled in his own right and constitute a written contemporaneous
record of the making of the gift of such fees or dividends to the defendant or
Mdm Ma or the defendant’s sister. For these reasons, I would readily accept
that the evidential burden on the defendant to show that these were indeed
legitimate gifts or, at the very least, to shift the evidential burden back to
the plaintiffs, might be satisfied without too much difficulty.

148 However, the difficulty here is that there is simply no, or no sufficient,
evidence to support the defendant’s case that these 11 payments were gifts by
WKN derived from monies which WKN was entitled to receive as directors’ fees
or dividends. In particular, there is no information on the face of the TT
forms relating to these 11 payments to indicate their nature or purpose. It is
perhaps of interest to note that the last six payments show the equivalent
amount of the relevant payment in RM currency; and that such equivalent amount
in that currency is a round figure. However, it does not seem to me that this
provides any indication one way or another as to the nature or purpose of the
payment. Further, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs:

(a) It was Mr Heng’s uncontradicted evidence that there was no evidence to
show that the 11 payments were made using WKN’s entitlement or funds.

(b) Mdm Ma also accepted that she did not know whether the plaintiffs declared
dividends or paid dividends to WKN at any time. She claimed that the WTK Group
companies paid WKN a dividend through the plaintiffs. However, Mdm Ma could
not identify which company apparently declared dividends in favour of WKN. Mdm
Ma also accepted that she did not know if the Logging Companies declared
dividends or directors’ fees to WKN.

(c) Mdm Ma claimed that Salwong had declared dividends to WKN based on the CAD
Documents. But she had no personal knowledge of this. In any event, that was
in 2009. The gifts were much earlier. Also, Salwong was not a Logging Company.

149 As I have already noted, the TT forms in respect of eight of the 50
Payments which are said to have been “gifts” were signed not only by WKN but
also by WKY. This was heavily relied upon by the defendant in support of the
submission made on his behalf that WKY was aware that the payments were made
to the defendant. I have already dealt generally with this point earlier. For
reasons there stated and which I do not propose to repeat, I was unable to
reach a conclusion as to whether, at the time WKY signed the TT forms, the
forms were blank or not; or that WKY was in fact actually aware of the
payments to the defendant. In such circumstances, it does not seem to me that
the possibility that the defendant’s name may have been on the TT forms when
WKY signed them assists the defendant in discharging the evidential burden on
him.

150 Needless to say, what would or at least might have been of assistance is
the evidence of the defendant himself. However, as previously stated, he
deliberately decided not to give evidence; and, for reasons which I do not
propose to repeat, there is no satisfactory reason for the defendant so doing.
Indeed, in this context, I accept the plaintiffs’ submission that, insofar as
may be necessary, it is appropriate to draw an adverse inference that,
contrary to the defendant’s case, these 11 payments were not made as gifts
from monies which WKN entitled to receive by way of directors’ fees or as
shareholder dividends.

151 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that the defendant has failed
to discharge the evidential burden on him that these 11 payments were
legitimate; and that, but for the time-bar, the plaintiffs would have been
entitled to recover these payments from the defendant.

The three payments allegedly comprising the defendant’s entitlement to
directors’ fees and/or shareholder dividends or constituting “gifts” by WKN to
the defendant

152 These 3 payments are included in Annex B and (in chronological order) are
summarised below:

S/N| Date| Paid by| Amount - RM 2

##### Foot Note 2

× These amounts have been taken from the TT forms. | Amount – US$| TT form Signatory| Other Information on the TT form  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
3| 3 July 2002 | Esben| N/A| 50,000| WKN| DR Directors’ Fees Yearly 2001 US$50,000/2 (manuscript)  
16| 8 August 2005 | Lismore| 1,000,000| 263,852| WKN & WKY| (DR.JATI BAHAGIA SDN. BHD.) (typed)  
38| 28 July 2008 | Esben| N/A| 179,456| WKN| WTK TRADING (S$165,513.00)KAULULONG (S$ 70,000.00) S$241,369.00WTK SHARES ($ 5,856.00) (typed)  
  
153 As originally pleaded, it was the defendant’s case that these three
payments were made on behalf of certain Malaysian companies for directors’
fees or in respect of shareholder dividends. However, shortly before trial,
the defendant amended his Defence to plead in the alternative that these three
payments were (or may have been) gifts. To the extent that these payments
might have been gifts, my conclusion is the same as stated above with regard
to the first category of 11 payments for similar reasons which I do not
propose to repeat. It remains to consider the defendant’s case that these
three payments comprised the defendant’s entitlement to directors’ fees and/or
shareholder dividends.

154 In support of that case, the defendant relied principally on the evidence
of Mdm Ma which was, in broad terms, that the WTK Group had a practice of
paying fees, costs and expenses associated with the logging business through
the Offshore Companies including the plaintiffs. In particular, her evidence
was that this included directors’ fees and/or shareholder dividends; that the
Offshore Companies, including the plaintiffs, were regarded as part of the WTK
Group and the single economic entity; that the timber logs produced by the
Logging Companies in Malaysia were sold to overseas buyers through the
plaintiffs; that the plaintiffs would hold part of the proceeds received from
the timber sales for the Logging Companies; that the plaintiffs would make
payment of part of the fees and expenses associated with the logging business;
and that thereafter, the plaintiffs would distribute the remaining portion of
the sale proceeds held by them to the shareholders of the Logging Companies
principally by way of cash dividends from time to time.

155 As to this, I note that the evidence of the plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Heng,
was that the plaintiffs were not treated as part of the WTK Group, because
they were not included in the audited financial statements of WTK Realty. The
latter is certainly correct; but I accept the submission on behalf of the
defendant that the suggestion that the plaintiffs were not treated (at least
in a loose sense) as part of the WTK Group is simplistic for the reasons
stated earlier in this judgment.

(1) Payment of US$50,000

156 As to the first of these payments, it was the defendant’s case that this
sum of US$50,000 was paid to him “on behalf of” one or more Malaysian
companies in the WTK Group being directors’ fees for his directorships in
those companies. As pleaded, the defendant claims that he was a director of 11
Malaysian companies in the WTK Group but owing to the lapse of time, he is
unable to recall the company or companies whose directors’ fees were paid to
him. The evidence of the defendant’s expert, Mr Peer, was that based on the
“descriptions on the TT forms”, the payment “could be related to directors’
fees and/or shareholder dividends due to [the defendant] in the 11 companies”.
That comment is a reference to the manuscript notations on the face of the TT
form which state “DR Directors[’] Fees Yearly 2001 US$50,000/2”.

157 On behalf of the plaintiffs, it was submitted that this handwritten
notation was inadmissible for being hearsay. In particular, it was submitted
on behalf of the plaintiffs that there is no evidence as to who entered those
words, the reason they were entered and what they mean. As formulated, I do
not accept that the notation is inadmissible. It appears to be initialled by
WKN who is, of course, now dead. However, it is impossible to say and I do not
know whether the entirety of the manuscript notation was added before or
perhaps after WKN added his initials. Be all that as it may, I am prepared to
assume in the defendant’s favour that the notation is at least prima facie
evidence that this payment of US$50,000 was indeed made to the defendant for
directors’ fees in his capacity of a director of one or more companies.

158 The plaintiffs accept that the defendant was indeed a director of the 11
Malaysian companies as pleaded between 2001 and 2003. However, it was
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that Esben did not make, indeed could
not have made, this payment “on behalf of” the WTK Group companies for
directors’ fees owed to the defendant. In support of that submission, the
plaintiffs relied on the evidence of Mr Heng who examined the audited
financial statements of two of those 11 companies and concluded that there is
nothing in those documents which records the payment of any directors’ fees in
2001 to 2003. In addition, they rely on Mr Heng’s evidence to the effect that
even though the audited financial statements for the remaining nine companies
record the payment of directors’ fees in 2001 to 2003, the general ledgers of
eight of those companies show that they paid their directors, including the
defendant, those directors’ fees in full. Mr Heng has not seen the ledgers of
the last company, WTK Travel Service Sdn Bhd (“WTK Travel”), which have not
been disclosed. The defendant and Ms Ma control WTK Travel. Notwithstanding
the non-disclosure, the evidence of Mr Heng was that this payment dated 3 July
2002 payment could not have been for directors’ fees that WTK Travel allegedly
owed the defendant because the US$50,000 that Esben paid the defendant on 3
July 2002 amounted to RM 190,000 (based on the exchange rate applicable in
July 2002 of RM3.80 to US$1) which exceeds the sum of directors’ fees (RM
150,000) recorded in WTK Travel’s audited financial statements for 2001 to
2003.

159 Mr Heng’s testimony based on these documents is uncontradicted. It is also
noteworthy that the defendant’s witnesses have also avoided dealing with these
documents in their AEICs. Further, in light of the failure of the defendant to
give evidence himself, it is, in my view, appropriate to draw the adverse
inference that any evidence he might give would not support the explanation
advanced on his behalf in this respect.

160 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that the case advanced on
behalf of the defendant that this payment of US$50,000 was for legitimate
directors’ fees must be rejected; that the defendant has failed to satisfy the
evidential burden on him to explain satisfactorily the legitimacy of this
payment; and that, in the absence of the time-bar, the plaintiffs would be
entitled to recover this payment of US$50,000.

(2) Payment of US$263,852

161 The TT form dated 8 August 2005 instructs HSBC to make a payment of
US$263,852.00 from Lismore to the defendant. This TT form was signed by both
WKN and WKY. It also bears a typewritten annotation: “(DR.JATI BAHAGIA SDN.
BHD.)”. In summary, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that he was a
shareholder of the company, Jati Bahagia Sdn Bhd (“Jati Bahagia”) in August
2005; and that this payment would have been made by Lismore on behalf of Jati
Bahagia as shareholder dividends due from that company to the defendant.

162 Once again, there are major difficulties with regard to the evidence
concerning this payment. For the reasons stated above, the evidential burden
is on the defendant to establish (at least prima facie) that this payment was
made to him for the reasons stated in his Defence. I have already dealt
generally with the point that some of the TT forms were signed by WKY. For
reasons which I have already stated and which I do not repeat, I do not
consider that this assists the defendant.

163 The plaintiffs say that the words “(DR.JATI BAHAGIA SDN. BHD.)” are
inadmissible as hearsay in particular because there is no evidence as to who
wrote those words. I do not accept that submission. However, even if that is
wrong, there is no evidence as to when or why those words were entered or what
they mean. Nor do they state the purpose for which the payment was made. In
the absence of any other evidence, it does not seem to me appropriate to infer
or to guess what that purpose was still less to conclude even on a prima facie
basis that the payment was made by Lismore on behalf of Jati Bahagia as
shareholder dividends due from that company to the defendant.

164 It is fair to say that Mdm Ma claimed that the WTK Group companies paid
WKN a dividend through the plaintiffs but she could not identify which company
apparently paid dividends in favour of WKN. In my view, such evidence fell far
short of establishing the purpose of this payment even on a prima facie basis.

165 There is no other evidence, contemporary or otherwise, to support the
defendant’s pleaded case with regard to the purpose of this payment. In
particular, the plaintiffs have been unable to obtain any documents relating
to Jati Bahagia because it was struck off the Register of Companies on 8
November 2010. I am prepared to assume in the defendant’s favour that even in
the absence of such documents, he might have given evidence himself to
substantiate his pleaded case. But, as stated above, he did not give evidence;
and, in such circumstances, it is, in my view, appropriate to draw the adverse
inference that any evidence he might have given would not support the
explanation advanced on his behalf.

166 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that the defendant has failed
to satisfy the evidential burden on him to explain satisfactorily the
legitimacy of this payment; that the case advanced on his behalf that this
payment of US$263,852 was legitimate on the basis that it was or would have
been made by Lismore on behalf of Jati Bahagia as shareholder dividends due
from that company to the defendant must be rejected; and that, in the absence
of the time-bar, the plaintiffs would be entitled to recover this payment.

(3) Payment of US$179,456

167 The TT form dated 28 July 2008 authorises a payment of US$179,456 from
Esben to the defendant and was signed by WKN. It bears a typewritten
annotation:

WTK TRADING (S$165,513.00)

KAULULONG (S$ 70,000.00) S$241,369.00

WTK SHARES ($ 5,856.00)

168 As to this payment, it was the defendant’s case that he was a director and
shareholder of WTK Trading Sdn Bhd (“WTK Trading”) and Syarikat Kalulong Sdn
Bhd’s (“Syarikat Kalulong”) in July 2008; and that this payment of US$179,456
would have been made “on behalf of” those companies as directors’ fees and/or
shareholder dividends due to the defendant from those companies to him at the
material time.

169 However, as with the previous payment of US$263,852, there is no or no
sufficient evidence to support that case. Contrary to the plaintiffs’
submission, I am prepared to assume in the defendant’s favour that the
typewritten notation is admissible; notwithstanding, the notation does not of
itself prove even on a prima facie basis the defendant’s case. There is no
other evidence sufficient to support the defendant’s case. Again, in the
absence of evidence from the defendant it is, in my view, appropriate to draw
the adverse inference that any evidence he might have given would not support
the explanation advanced on his behalf.

170 Moreover, the evidence of the plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Heng, was that the
financial statements of WTK Trading show that it paid dividends in 2006 and
2007 (but not in 2008) and directors’ fees in 2006 to 2008; that, according to
WTK Trading’s ledgers, it paid its shareholders and directors, including the
defendant, those fees and dividends in full. Further, Mr Heng’s evidence was
that Syarikat Kalulong did not pay any dividends in 2006 to 2008 and that
while its audited financial statements show that it paid directors’ fees in
2006 to 2008, its ledgers show that it paid its directors, including the
defendant, those fees in full. I accept that evidence.

171 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that: (a) the defendant has
failed to satisfy the evidential burden on him to explain satisfactorily the
legitimacy of this payment; (b) such evidence as there is to the contrary; (c)
the case advanced on his behalf that this payment of US$179,456 was legitimate
on the basis that it was or would have been made by WTK Trading and Syarikat
Kalulong as directors’ fees and/or shareholder dividends due to the defendant
from those companies to him at the material time must be rejected; and (d) it
follows that in the absence of the time-bar, the plaintiffs would be entitled
to recover this payment.

The defendant’s case with regard to the other 36 payments

172 It is the defendant’s positive case that these 36 payments fall into three
broad categories as indicated in Annex B to this judgment:

(a) Payments made for log production, log transportation and road construction
services provided by GCH to Elite Honour, ie, Payment Nos 4, 5, 14, 15, 17,
19, 20, 21, 23, 24, 25, 26, 30, 35, 37, 39 (part), 40, 42, 45, 47 (part), 48,
50 (part);

(b) Payments comprising management consultancy services provided by DRM to
Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway, ie, Payment Nos 22, 27, 28, 31, 34, 36, 37, 39
(part), 41, 43, 44, 46, 47 (part), 49, 50 (part); and

(c) Payments in respect of the supply of timber logs from WTK Reforestation to
Faedah Mulia, ie, Payment Nos 29, 32, 33.

I propose to deal with each of these categories in turn.

(1) Payments made for log production, log transportation and road construction
services provided by GCH to Elite Honour

173 On behalf of the defendant, it is said that 22 of the payments (including
parts of three payments) fall within this category as identified in Annex B to
this judgment. Of these, 12 of the TT forms authorising such payments were
signed by both WKN and WKY; two were signed by WKY alone; and the remainder by
WKN alone.

174 In summary, it is the defendant’s case that all of these payments were
made direct to him for log production, log transportation and road
construction services provided by GCH to Elite Honour.

175 As to such payments, the defendant relied principally on the evidence of
Mr Hii, LTK and Mdm Ma which was, as summarised on behalf of the defendant, as
follows:

(a) GCH is engaged in the business of providing timber logging and ancillary
services. The company was incorporated on 27 May 1999 for the purpose of
carrying out logging operations for the Logging Companies within the WTK
Group. Since its incorporation, the defendant and Mdm Ma have been the
directors and ultimate beneficial owners of GCH.

(b) Elite Honour is a company which was incorporated in Malaysia on 15
December 1999. As part of the Logging Companies in the WTK Group, Elite Honour
was the main contractor involved in logging activities and transportation in
Sarawak in the area covered under Forest Timber Licence No. T/3343 (“T/3343”).

(c) By way of a written agreement dated 15 December 1999 (“Elite Honour
Agreement”), Elite Honour engaged GCH to provide log production, log
transportation and road construction services in T/3343. This agreement was
part of a wider commercial arrangement for the production and transportation
of logs in T/3343. T/3343 was held by a third party – Continuous Gain Sdn Bhd
(“Continuous Gain”), which had engaged Elite Honour as the main contractor for
the felling, extracting, harvesting and exhausting of all merchantable timber
logs from T/3343.

(d) The logs extracted from T/3343 were sold by Continuous Gain to Harvard
Rank.

(e) As the purchaser of the logs, Harvard Rank engaged Elite Honour to
transport the logs from the transit camp to the log pond.

(f) By way of the Elite Honour Agreement, Elite Honour subcontracted its (i)
log production and (ii) log transportation obligations owed to Continuous Gain
and Harvard Rank respectively to GCH.

(g) Under the Elite Honour Agreement, the contract fees payable by Elite
Honour to GCH for the work undertaken were pegged to the quantity of logs
produced and transported in Hoppus Tons (“HT”), and the length of the roads
constructed in miles. The contract prices were initially fixed as follows:

(i) Log production – RM 185/HT;

(ii) Log transportation – RM 125/HT; and

(iii) Road Construction – RM 100,000/Mile.

(h) In 2000, the full contract fees were paid entirely onshore in Malaysia by
Elite Honour to GCH. This changed in 2001, when the parties agreed to vary the
structure of the contract fees from being paid entirely onshore to one being
partly paid onshore (from Elite Honour to GCH) and partly paid offshore (from
the plaintiffs to GCH).

(i) However, from 2001 onwards, the arrangement between the parties was as
follows:

(i) The logs which were extracted by GCH from T/3343 would be sold to Harvard
Rank.

(ii) In accordance with the WTK Group’s usual practice of routing the sale of
timber logs through offshore companies, Harvard Rank sold the timber logs to
the plaintiffs, who then on-sold them to overseas buyers.

(iii) GCH would be paid for its services partly by way of onshore payments
made in Malaysia directly from Elite Honour. The remaining part of its dues
would be paid by way of offshore payments from the Offshore Companies, which
would make the payments directly to the defendant (on Elite Honour’s behalf).

(j) This arrangement meant that there were two components to the contract
price payable for GCH’s services, namely: (i) the component paid by Elite
Honour to GCH (“GCH Onshore Contract Price”); and (ii) the component paid by
the Offshore Companies to Neil (“GCH Offshore Contract Price”) (collectively,
“GCH Total Contract Price”).

(k) Following the change in the payment structure under the Elite Honour
Agreement, there were also several periodic revisions to the contract price
payable to GCH and the defendant in respect of the services which were
rendered by GCH to Elite Honour agreed between the parties:

(i) In the period between 2000 to 2011, there were 12 revisions to the payment
terms under the Elite Honour Agreement. The changes in the GCH Onshore
Contract price would be confirmed in writing by Elite Honour in its letters
which were issued to GCH. The revisions to the GCH Onshore Contract Price was
on occasion matched by a corresponding and inverse revision to the GCH
Offshore Contract Price. However, there were also other instances where Ms Loh
had, on behalf of Elite Honour, specifically instructed LTK to revise one
component of the GCH Total Contract Price without any corresponding change in
the other component.

(ii) The revisions to the GCH Offshore Contract Price were generally not
memorialised by Elite Honour in its letters to GCH. However, there were
occasions where Elite Honour had itself acknowledged in writing that there was
an offshore component which was payable in respect of GCH’s services in T/3343
as appears, for example, from Elite Honour’s letter to GCH dated 27 December
2002 recording the GCH Total Contract Price, which includes the GCH Offshore
Contract Price).

(iii) In order to keep track of the offshore payments which were due to the
defendant, the revisions to both components of the contract fees would be
recorded in a spreadsheet, together with the quantities of services rendered
by GCH to Elite Honour. Using the information recorded in the spreadsheet, LTK
would compute the fees which were payable to the defendant by the plaintiffs
(“GCH Offshore Contract Fees”). LTK would then periodically request for
payment of the outstanding offshore balance due to the defendant accordingly,
by sending a summary of the outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees on to Ms
Loh.

(iv) In requesting for payment of the outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees,
LTK would factor in any advance onshore payment that may have been made by
Elite Honour to GCH. This interplay between the onshore and offshore accounts
is evidenced by the documents disclosed by the plaintiffs themselves,
including the document titled "Elite Honour Sdn Bhd” which records the “total
offshore owing” (outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees), and computes the net
offshore fees owing to the defendant by deducting the onshore inter-company
balance owed by Elite Honour to GCH from the outstanding GCH Offshore Contract
Fees to arrive at the figure of RM 4,502,884.73. This sum was then confirmed
to be “due to [GCH], being the contract fee outstanding from Elite Honour” in
Elite Honour’s Letter of Undertaking dated 13 June 2005.

(l) The 22 payments falling within this category were made in connection with
the services rendered by GCH to Elite Honour under the Elite Honour Agreement.
Of these, 18 payments were clearly recorded in the GCH Spreadsheet as payments
made in satisfaction of the GCH Offshore Contract Fees and (as appears further
below) were authorised by the plaintiffs. As regards the remaining four
payments which were not recorded in the GCH Spreadsheet (Payment Nos 4, 5, 26
and 30), it is also clear from the documents disclosed by the plaintiffs that
these payments were made for the GCH Offshore Contract Fees owed to the
defendant: see for instance the handwritten note on Rayley’s letterhead
exhibited at “LTK-1, Tab 73” which authorised payments of sums to the
defendant which correspond exactly with the values of Payment Nos 4 and 5).

176 In support of the foregoing, the defendant’s counsel also relied on
numerous documents including many of those disclosed by the plaintiffs. For
the sake of brevity, I do not propose to set out all these documents, except
to note that they included a number of documents which were heavily relied
upon by the defendant and which, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant,
showed the following:

(a) A document setting out (i) a summary of annual contract fees payable to
GCH; (ii) the onshore amounts paid; (iii) the offshore amounts paid; and (iv)
outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees due to the defendant as of 30 May 2005
which was RM 4,502,884.73.

(b) A document titled "Elite Honour Sdn Bhd” which records that the
outstanding Offshore Contract Fees due to the defendant as of 9 March 2006 was
RM 5,350,068.61.

(c) A document titled “Golden Cash Harvest Sdn Bhd” which records that the
outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees due to the defendant as of 23 August
2006 was RM 7,017,002.54. The document also contains a handwritten note by WKN
authorising the sum of RM 3,500,000 to be paid to the defendant in
satisfaction of these outstanding fees.

(d) A document titled “Reconciliation” which sets out a summary of the total
outstanding sum of GCH Offshore Fees owed as at 1 September 2006 (ie, RM
5,517,00.22), as well as the sums which have been paid in respect of the GCH
Offshore Fees up to that date. The document also contains a handwritten note
by WKN indicating that the sum of RM 2,517,000.22 was to be paid to the
defendant for the outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees.

(e) A document titled “Summary” by which LTK had submitted a request for
offshore payment to Ms Loh. The document records, amongst other things, the
outstanding sums owed in relation to the services provided by GCH under the
Elite Honour Agreement. The document also contains handwritten notes setting
out various sums which were to be paid in respect of the outstanding offshore
fees.

(f) A handwritten note on Fax Transmission Form (Rayley Company Limited) which
records that the plaintiffs had authorised the payment of US$1,000,000 from
Rayley to the defendant for outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees.

(g) A memorandum from Ms Loh to WKN dated 23 June 2008 by which Ms Loh had
relayed to WKN the defendant’s request for, inter alia, payment of the
outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees. On its face, the document appears to
approve this request for payment by way of a handwritten note authorising
payment of RM 2,728.549.22 to the defendant, comprising of RM 1,561,880.22 for
the GCH Offshore Contract Fees, and RM 1,166,669 for the DRM Offshore Contract
Fees (as to which see further below).

(h) A document titled “Demeter Resources Management Sdn Bhd” which contains
handwritten instructions dated 27 October 2008, authorising, inter alia, the
payment of RM 1,137,582.22 to the defendant for the GCH Offshore Contract
Fees.

(i) A document titled “As At 31/03/2009” which sets out LTK’s handwritten
request to Ms Loh for offshore payment of, inter alia, the sum of RM
1,159,059.37 for the GCH Offshore Contract Fees. By way of a separate
handwritten note which reads “Approved by: [signature] 23/5/2009”, it appears
that this request for offshore payment was approved.

(j) A document titled “As at 31 Dec 2009” which records, among other things,
that the outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees due to the defendant as of 31
December 2009 was RM 1,593,441.92. By way of the handwritten note stating
“CONTRACT Fees owing to Neil Wong”, it appears that the payment of the
outstanding offshore balances to the defendant was approved.

(k) A handwritten note to Mr Tiang which sets out LTK’s request for payment of
the offshore balances owed to the defendant, including the sum of RM
1,644,174.10 for the GCH Offshore Contract Fees.

(l) A document titled “As at 31 Aug 2011” which records the outstanding
offshore fees due to the defendant as of 31 August 2011. This included the
outstanding GCH Offshore Contract Fees of RM 1,000,703.87. The document also
contains a handwritten note authorising payment of the outstanding offshore
fees to the defendant.

(m) A document titled “As at 31.10.2012” which sets out LTK’s request for,
inter alia, the sum of RM 2,481,652.28 in respect of the outstanding GCH
Offshore Contract Fees in or around November 2011 as at 31 October 2012. Ms
Loh made a written note on the document on 14 November 2012 proposing the
payment of RM 2,000,000. This was approved by WKN.

(n) A handwritten note on a Fax Transmission Form (Rayley Company Limited)
which appears to authorise instructions for the payment of the outstanding GCH
Offshore Contract Fees to the defendant.

(o) The TT form dated 22 May 2007 which bears the message “ELITE HONOUR SDN.
BHD.”. This would indicate that the payment was made in satisfaction of the
GCH Offshore Contract Fees.

(p) The TT form dated on or around 18 June 2007 which bears the message “ELITE
HONOUR”. This would indicate that the payment was made in satisfaction of the
GCH Offshore Contract Fees.

177 In light of the above, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that if
and to the extent that there was any evidential burden on him to explain the
legitimacy of these payments, such evidential burden had been satisfied. On
this basis, the defendant contends that the plaintiffs’ claim for “unjust
enrichment” must be rejected.

178 This was hotly disputed by the plaintiffs on various grounds as set out in
their post-hearing written submissions. For the sake of brevity, I do not
propose to set out those detailed submissions. For present purposes and at the
risk of repetition, I would summarise them as follows:

(a) This part of the defendant’s case rests on the alleged “practice” referred
to in para 91 of Mdm Ma’s AEIC and the belated amendment to para 4(d)(iv) of
the Defence. However, there is no or no sufficient evidence to support such
alleged practice. Indeed, it is manifest that the alleged practice is a “work
of fiction” which has been “trumped up” and that the defendant and Mdm Ma are
“making things up as they go along”. In support of the foregoing, the
plaintiffs’ counsel advanced a myriad of points including that: (i) neither
the defendant nor Mdm Ma made any mention of such practice – nor indeed any
practice - in their letters on 6 May 2016; (ii) the present alleged practice
has only emerged belatedly after the abandonment of the defendant’s original
pleaded case and following various iterations forming part of an “evolutionary
journey” leading to what is now said to have been the alleged practice; (iii)
the defendant’s case has constantly shifted and continued to shift (for
example with regard to the definition of “Logging Companies” even during the
trial); (iv) the attempt by Mdm Ma and counsel on behalf of the defendant to
rely on what have been referred to as the Salwong documents is without merit
because Salwong is not a Logging Company but an investment holding company;
(v) the defendant knew or must have known that his earlier defence was false;
and (vi) there is no credible explanation for why, if there was this alleged
“practice”, it was raised only in May 2020.

(b) The notion of the “practice” makes no sense. There is also no reason why
the plaintiffs would do illegally what they could do perfectly legally by
distributing their profits (in low tax jurisdictions) to the Wong brothers as
ultimate beneficial shareholders of the plaintiffs.

(c) The defendant is the only person who can explain the shifts in his defence
and the court should draw the adverse inference that if he had given evidence
it would have emerged that the “practice” was fictitious.

(d) More specifically, with regard to the allegation that the payments were
made “on behalf of” Elite Honour for logging and transportation services
rendered by GCH:

(i) There is no evidence – or at least no admissible or sufficient evidence –
of any agreement, arrangement or understanding to such effect. In particular,
there are no contemporaneous documents recording the alleged agreement between
WKN and the defendant to vary the terms of the Elite Honour agreement; and the
evidence of Mr Hii and Mdm Ma is of no assistance because they had no direct
knowledge themselves of any such agreement and/or their evidence is of no
probative value.

(ii) There is no evidence to show that GCH even did the work for the so-called
“off-shore payments”. The log production, log transportation and road
construction reports that the defendant’s witnesses referred to are not
probative of whether GCH did the work under the Elite Honour agreement between
2001 and 2012. In particular, the relevant reports and dispatch notes that
have been produced are inadmissible as to the truth of their contents (because
Mr Lau was never called by the defendant) and/or are incomplete. Further, they
are, in any event not probative of any work done: Mr Chieng accepted in
evidence that the road construction reports that he had produced and referred
to in his AEIC relate only to the “costings” for the proposed road
construction and that those reports were prepared before the road construction
was actually undertaken. Similarly, the spreadsheets and invoices relied upon
by the defendant are either inadmissible (in particular, because LTK had no
personal knowledge of the transactions behind the relevant entries),
incomplete or unreliable and thus of no probative value.

179 As to these submissions, my observations and conclusions are, in summary,
as follows:

(a) As submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, it is right that there are no
contemporaneous documents which record any “agreement” as alleged by the
defendant between WKN and the defendant to vary the terms of the Elite Honour
agreement; and that the documents said to support the alleged understanding or
practice as alleged by the defendant are incomplete. However, given (i) the
absence of proper financial documentation on the plaintiffs’ side which I have
already commented upon earlier in this judgment; and (ii) the fact that the
matters in issue cover an extended period between some 8 and almost 20 years
ago, I do not find this particularly surprising.

(b) At first blush, the failure of the defendant and Mdm Ma to respond openly
and constructively to the questions posed by the plaintiffs’ lawyers in the
correspondence in 2016 and to explain at an early stage the nature of the
alleged “practice” is, on one view, surprising. However, by that time, it is
obvious that there was already considerable suspicion and antagonism between,
on the one hand, WKY and, on the other hand, the defendant and Mdm Ma. In that
context, one can perhaps understand why the defendant and Mdm Ma were less
than forthcoming.

(c) It is right to say that none of the defendant’s witnesses could give
direct evidence of the alleged agreement which it is asserted was made between
WKN and the defendant. However, I found the evidence of, in particular, Mr Hii
and LTK with regard to the “practice” compelling. In my view, they were
plainly honest witnesses who were doing their best to explain the “practice”.
Their evidence was detailed and straightforward. It was consistent with and
supported by the contemporaneous documents as referred to above, although the
documentary record was incomplete and there existed, in certain respects, some
discrepancies. In particular, the evidence contained in paras 74 to 184 of
LTK’s AEIC provided clear and compelling evidence confirming that these 22
payments were made direct to the defendant for outstanding GCH Offshore
Contract Fees. I accept that evidence. Even disregarding entirely the evidence
of Mdm Ma, I am satisfied that there was a “practice” as summarised above and
that these 22 payments were made pursuant to such practice.

(d) I do not accept the plaintiffs’ submission that the alleged practice
necessarily makes no sense. At its simplest, the practice provided a means of
channelling money directly to the defendant. Whether or not there may have
been, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, easier and better ways of
achieving that aim is a matter of speculation. In the event, it matters not.
For whatever reason, that is the practice which, as I have concluded, was
adopted.

(e) In reaching the foregoing conclusion, I have borne well in mind the fact
that the defendant did not give evidence and that, as I have previously
concluded, there is no satisfactory explanation for his failure to do so. I
readily accept that the absence of the defendant in a case of this case is
highly unusual – and indeed startling. In these circumstances, I have
carefully considered whether, as the plaintiffs’ counsel strongly urged, I
should draw an appropriate adverse inference against the defendant in respect
of these payments (as I have done in relation the allegation that certain of
the other payments were “gifts”) and, if so, what such adverse inference
should be. In this context, it was the plaintiffs’ submission that the
appropriate adverse inference was that the alleged “practice” was “purely
fictitious”. I do not accept that submission. To do so would mean not only
ignoring but rejecting much of the evidence of Mr Hii, Mr Ling and, in
particular, LTK. In my view, there is no proper basis for so doing. On the
contrary, as I have said, I regard all those witnesses as honest; and in the
light of their evidence (in particular the evidence of LTK), I am satisfied
that there was a “practice” as summarised above and that these 22 payments
were made pursuant to such practice. For these reasons, it is my conclusion
that this is perhaps a most unusual case where, whatever adverse inference
might be drawn by reason of the fact that the defendant did not give evidence,
any such adverse inference is outweighed by the evidence that was adduced by
the other witnesses on behalf of the defendant in the course of the trial.

180 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that, even in the absence of
the time-bar, the plaintiffs would not be entitled to recover these 22
payments subject only to the issue of illegality which I consider below.

(2) Services provided by DRM to Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway

181 This category relates to some 15 payments made directly to the defendant
comprising what were said on behalf of the defendant to be management
consultancy services provided by DRM to Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway as listed
in Annex B to this judgment. Of these, three of the TT forms authorising such
payments were signed by WKY alone, two by WKN and WKY; and ten by WKN alone.

182 As to such payments, the defendant relied principally on the evidence of
Mr Hii, LTK and Mdm Ma which was, as summarised on behalf of the defendant, as
follows:

(a) DRM (formerly known as Archer Oscar Sdn Bhd) was incorporated on 21 July
2005 to provide management consultancy services in relation to sustainable
forest and logging operations to the WTK Group. The defendant and Mdm Ma are
directors and ultimate beneficial owners of DRM.

(b) Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway are WTK Group companies involved in logging
operations in the areas designated under Forest Timber Licence No T/3218
(“T/3218”) and Forest Timber Licence No T/3433 (“T/3433”) respectively.

(c) DRM entered into two agreements both dated 3 May 2007 (‘”DRM Agreements”)
viz an agreement between Ocarina and DRM for the provision of management
consultancy services in T/3218 (“DRM-Ocarina Agreement”); and an agreement
between Sunrise Megaway and DRM for the provision of management consultancy
services in T/3433 (“DRM-Sunrise Agreement”).

(d) Under the DRM Agreements, the scope of works to be provided by DRM
included reviewing and identifying key business risks and opportunities in
logging operations, advising and setting up sustainable forest management, and
the appointment of personnel to carry out logging works in the concession
area.

(e) It was agreed between the parties that the overall annual management fee
for services to be provided by DRM would be paid by way of onshore and
offshore payments as follows:

(i) In relation to the onshore fee: (1) Ocarina would pay DRM a monthly
management fee of RM 50,000; and (2) Sunrise would pay DRM a monthly
management fee of RM 130,000 (“DRM Onshore Contract Fees”). The onshore fees
were recorded in the DRM Agreements.

(ii) In relation to the offshore fee, there would be a flat fee of RM
2,000,000 for DRM’s management of T/3343 from July 2005 to June 2006 (prior to
the DRM Agreements), as well as an additional annual payment of RM 2,000,000
(“DRM Offshore Contract Fees”) for both the Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway
projects.

(f) The DRM Agreements recorded only the agreement as to the onshore fee. The
offshore fees were to be paid directly to the defendant and were not reflected
in the DRM Agreements.

(g) There were two revisions to the total contract price payable in respect of
the services which were rendered by DRM to Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway. LTK
describes these revisions in detail in his AEIC viz:

(i) By way of letters dated 5 December 2008, Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway
proposed to reduce the contract fees payable under the DRM Agreements by 10%
with effect from 5 December 2008 as follows:

(A) DRM-Ocarina Agreement: Management fee from RM 50,000 to RM 45,000 per
month;

(B) DRM-Sunrise Agreement: Management fee from RM 130,000 to RM 117,000 per
month.

(ii) DRM accepted this proposal for reduced fees to be implemented from 1
January 2009, and for the 10% reduction to also be applied to the DRM Offshore
Contract Fees, which would be reduced from RM 2,000,000 to RM 1,800,000 per
annum. This was confirmed by Ms Loh on behalf of Ocarina and Sunrise Megaway.

(h) Subsequently, by way of two letters dated 1 October 2010, Ocarina and
Sunrise Megaway proposed to reinstate the original contract fees payable under
the DRM Agreements by 10% with effect from October 2010 as follows:

(i) DRM-Ocarina Agreement: Management fee from RM 45,000 to RM 50,000 per
month; and

(ii) DRM Sunrise Agreement: Management fee from RM 117,000 to RM 130,000 per
month.

(i) DRM accepted this proposal for the increase in fees to be implemented from
October 2010, and for the increase to also be applied to the DRM Offshore
Contract Fees, which would be increased from RM 1,800,000 to RM 2,000,000 per
annum. Again, this was confirmed by Ms Loh on behalf of Ocarina and Sunrise
Megaway.

(j) In order to compute and keep track of the outstanding offshore balance
owed to the defendant, LTK recorded the applicable DRM Offshore Contract
Prices in a spreadsheet (“DRM Spreadsheet”) from September 2006 to June 2013,
as well as the payments which were made to the defendant in satisfaction of
the offshore fees (“DRM Offshore Contract Fees”). Based on the figures in the
DRM Spreadsheet, LTK would then request that Ms Loh arrange for the
outstanding balance of the DRM Offshore Contract Fees to be paid to the
defendant.

(k) Of the 15 payments falling within this category, 12 were recorded in the
DRM Spreadsheet as payments made in satisfaction of the DRM Offshore Contract
Fees. Although the other three payments were not recorded in the DRM
Spreadsheet (Payments Nos 27, 28 and 31), this was because Ms Loh had not
updated Mr Ling. In any event, it is plainly apparent from the documents
disclosed by the plaintiffs that these payments were also made for the
outstanding DRM Offshore Contract Fees owed to the defendant.

(l) In further support of the foregoing, the defendant relied upon various
contemporaneous documents including many disclosed by the plaintiffs
themselves as referred to in para 12 of the aide-memoire served by the
defendant’s counsel at the end of the trial. For the sake of brevity, I again
do not propose to set out all these documents but they included a number of
documents which were heavily relied upon by the defendant and which, it was
submitted on behalf of the defendant, showed the following:

(i) The TT form dated 30 October 2006 which bears the message “DR. SUNRISE
MEGAWAY” was said to be clear indication that the payment was made for the
purpose of satisfying the DRM Offshore Contract Fees owed to the defendant.

(ii) The memorandum from Ms Loh to WKN dated 23 June 2008 (which contained the
defendants’ request for payment of the outstanding DRM Offshore Contract Fees
of RM 1,166,669.00. This was approved by WKN by way of a handwritten note.

(iii) The document titled “Demeter Resources Management Sdn Bhd” which
contained handwritten instructions dated 27 October 2008, authorising the
payment of RM 833,335.00 to the defendant for the DRM Offshore Contract Fees.

(iv) The document titled “As At 31/03/2009” by which the plaintiffs had
approved the payment of RM 950,001.00 to the defendant for the DRM Offshore
Contract Fees.

(v) The document titled “As at 31 Dec 2009” by which the plaintiffs had
approved the payment of DRM Offshore Contract Fees amounting to RM 810,000 for
services provided under the DRM-Ocarina Agreement, and RM 540,000 for services
provided under the DRM-Sunrise Agreement.

(vi) The email from LTK to Ms Loh dated 14 October 2010 by which LTK had
forwarded the defendant’s request for payment of the outstanding offshore fees
to Ms Loh. By way of the handwritten notes on the printout of the email
thread, the plaintiffs had authorised the payment of US$150,000 to the
defendant in respect of the DRM Offshore Contract Fees.

(vii) The document titled “As at 31 Aug 2011” by which the plaintiffs had
approved the payment of RM 1,000,002 to the defendant for the DRM Offshore
Contract Fees.

(viii) The document titled “As at 31.10.2012” by which the plaintiffs had
approved the payment of RM 2,000,000 in satisfaction of the outstanding
offshore fees. Of this sum, US$336,526.65 was paid towards DRM Offshore
Contract Fees.

(ix) The document titled “Demeter Resources Management Sdn Bhd” contained
handwritten notes authorising payments to the defendant of (1) Ocarina: RM
533,336, (2) Sunrise Megaway: RM 1,993,336.00 or US$587,554.00; and (3)
Encorp: RM 266,664.00. These payments correspond exactly with the value of
Payment Nos 27, 28 and 31.

(x) The TT forms dated 22 May 2007 and 29 June 2007 relating to Payment Nos
27, 28 and 31.

183 As to the foregoing, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that,
contrary to the defendant’s pleaded case, there was no admissible evidence as
to any “agreement” between the Wong brothers still less any evidence as to
when and how any such agreement might have been reached; nor was there any
admissible evidence that there was any agreement between WKN, the defendant
and/or Mr Hii that the plaintiffs would “on behalf of” Ocarina and Sunrise
Megaway pay the defendant a “flat fee of RM2 million” and a “separate annual
payment of RM2 million”; nor are there any contemporaneous documents which
record the alleged “agreement(s)” between WKN and the defendant on the payment
terms for DRM’s services as pleaded in para 55 of the Defence (Amendment No 3)
and the defendant’s and/or Mr Hii's acceptance of Ocarina’s and Sunrise
Megaway's proposal for the variation of the payment terms for DRM’s services.
Further, the defendant chose not to testify, and Mr Hii’s account of what the
defendant may have told him does not assist the defendant.

184 As to these submissions, my observations and conclusions are as follows.

185 Once again, it is important to note that the defendant chose not to
testify; and that there is therefore no evidence from him with regard to any
“agreement(s)” as alleged in the Defence and summarised above.

186 I have already addressed the general question as to what, if any, adverse
inferences should be drawn against the defendant by reason of his failure to
give evidence; and I readily accept that there is a very strong argument that
an appropriate adverse inference should be drawn against the defendant with
regard to this present category of payments. However, whatever adverse
inference might be drawn is not necessarily determinative and, as previously
stated, has to be weighed against the rest of the evidence that was adduced in
the course of the trial. Here, there is, in my view, ample cogent evidence in
support of the defendant’s case as summarised above – in particular, the
evidence of Mr Hii at paras 83-118 of his AEIC and the evidence of LTK at
paras 185-264 of his AEIC. Contrary to the plaintiffs’ submission, I do not
consider that such evidence is unhelpful – still less that it can properly be
ignored. As I have said, I regarded both these individuals as honest and
straightforward; and their evidence is, in my view, compelling. In particular,
LTK gave detailed evidence (largely unchallenged) concerning the evolution of
the various agreements, the methodology concerning the payment of the DRM
Onshore Contract Fees and the DRM Offshore Contract Fees by reference to the
DRM Spreadsheet which he prepared as well as a detailed analysis of the 12
payments recorded in the DRM Spreadsheet and the three payments not recorded
in the DRM Spreadsheet. I accept that evidence. In my view, whatever adverse
inference might be drawn against the defendant is outweighed by this evidence
of Mr Hii and LTK.

187 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that, even in the absence of
the time-bar, the plaintiffs would not be entitled to recover these 15
payments subject only to the issue of illegality which I consider below.

(3) Supply of timber logs by WTK Reforestation to Faedah Mulia

188 The third category of payments concerns three payments which the
defendant’s counsel submitted related to the provision of timber logs by WTK
Reforestation to Faedah Mulia. As for these payments, the defendant relied
principally on the evidence of LTK and Mdm Ma which was, as summarised by the
defendant’s counsel as follows:

(a) WTK Reforestation is in the business of supplying timber logs. It was
incorporated in the early 2000s and held the exclusive right for the felling
and extraction of timber logs under Forest Timber Licence No T/4171
(“T/4171”). Up until about 2007 or 2008, the defendant and Mdm Ma were the
only directors and shareholders of WTK Reforestation, after which the company
was acquired by Faedah Mulia.

(b) Faedah Mulia is a WTK Group company which carries on the business of
extracting and selling timber logs.

(c) In late 2005 or early 2006, WTK Reforestation entered into an arrangement
with Faedah Mulia under which the latter was permitted to fell, extract and
sell the timber logs in T/4171. As part of this arrangement, Faedah Mulia
agreed to pay the defendant, through the plaintiffs, an offshore payment of RM
60/HT (“WTK Reforestation Offshore Fees”) for the log production in T/4171.

(d) On the defendant’s instructions, LTK computed the WTK Reforestation
Offshore Fees due to the defendant and liaised with WKN to arrange for
payment. The outstanding WTK Reforestation Offshore Fees, as well as the
payments which had been made in satisfaction of such fees were recorded in
spreadsheets (“WTK Reforestation Spreadsheets”), which were prepared and
maintained by LTK for the purpose of keeping track of the WTK Reforestation
Offshore Fees.

(e) Three of the 50 Payments constituted payments of the WTK Reforestation
Offshore Fees, ie, Payment Nos 29, 32 and 33.

189 In further support of the foregoing, the defendant’s counsel relied upon
the following documents which were in the plaintiffs’ possession, custody or
power prior to the commencement of these proceedings and disclosed in the
plaintiffs’ very first List of Documents viz

(a) An email dated 22 October 2007 containing a handwritten note by WKN
authorising the defendant’s request for payment of the outstanding WTK
Reforestation Offshore Fees.

(b) A spreadsheet which contains a handwritten note recording an outstanding
balance of RM 1,502,0005 due to the defendant for the WTK Reforestation
Offshore Fees, and that this figure was to be paid in two tranches of RM
500,000 and RM 1,002,005 in mid-June 2007.

(c) The TT forms dated 22 May 2007 and 22 June 2007 which bears the message
“WTK REFORESTATION SDN. BHD.”

190 On behalf of the plaintiffs, it was submitted that there was no admissible
evidence in support of the defendant’s pleaded case of any alleged
“arrangement and/or understanding” between Faedah Mulia and the plaintiffs on
the one hand and WTK Reforestation and the defendant on the other that the
plaintiffs would pay the defendant RM 60/HT of WTK Reforestation’s log
production to the defendant, “in return for the provision of timber logs” to
Faedah Mulia; nor that the payments that the plaintiffs made to the defendant
were “on behalf of” Faedah Mulia’s “debts” to WTK Reforestation.

191 Moreover, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that there were no
contemporaneous documents which recorded any such agreement or understanding.
In that context, the plaintiffs relied in particular on the evidence of their
expert, Mr Heng, to the effect that having examined Faedah Mulia’s and WTK
Reforestation’s audited financial statements and Faedah Mulia’s accounting
records including Faedah Mulia’s general and creditors’ ledgers, there is
nothing in those documents to suggest that Faedah Mulia owed WTK Reforestation
RM 60/HT of WTK Reforestation’s log production; and that there is also nothing
to show that WTK Reforestation ever asked Faedah Mulia to confirm the debt or
the delivery of the quantities or services that support the payment of that
sum.

192 As to these submissions, my observations and conclusions are similar to
those which I have expressed in relation to the previous category of payments.
In summary, I readily accept the plaintiffs’ submission that in the absence of
contemporaneous documents and since the defendant did not testify, there is no
direct evidence of the “agreement(s)” between WKN and the defendant as alleged
in the Defence and summarised above. At the risk of repetition, I also readily
accept that there is a very strong argument that an appropriate adverse
inference should be drawn against the defendant with regard to this present
category of payments. However, whatever adverse inference might be drawn is
not necessarily determinative and, as previously stated, has to be weighed
against the rest of the evidence that was adduced in the course of the trial.
Here, there is, in my view, ample cogent evidence in support of the
defendant’s case as to the practice adopted with regard to the supply of
timber logs by WTK Reforestation to Faedah Mulia – in particular, the evidence
of LTK at paras 265 to 286 of his AEIC. Again, contrary to the plaintiffs’
submission, I do not consider that such evidence does not assist – still less
that it can properly be ignored. As I have said, I regarded LTK as honest and
straightforward; and his evidence is, in my view, compelling. I accept that
evidence. In my view, whatever adverse inference might be drawn against the
defendant is outweighed by this evidence of LTK.

193 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that, even in the absence of
the time-bar, the plaintiffs would not be entitled to recover these three
payments subject only to the issue of illegality which I consider below.

194 So far, I have considered the plaintiffs claim as advanced on the basis of
unjust enrichment. In summary, I have concluded that but for the time-bar
defence, the plaintiff would be entitled to recover 14 out of the 50 Payments;
but that in any event and even apart from the time-bar, the plaintiffs would
not be entitled to recover the other 36 payments on the basis of unjust
enrichment. It remains to consider whether the plaintiffs are entitled to
recover any of the 50 Payments from the defendant even in the absence of the
time-bar defence on the basis of the other causes of action advanced by the
plaintiffs.

(B) Dishonest Assistance

195 For a defendant to be liable for dishonest assistance, the plaintiffs
submitted (and I accept) that the following four elements must be shown: viz
(a) a person owed a fiduciary duty to the plaintiff; (b) that person breached
his fiduciary duty; (c) the defendant rendered assistance towards the breach
of that fiduciary duty; and (d) that assistance was rendered dishonestly: Von
Roll Asia Pte Ltd v Goh Boon Gay and others [2018] 4 SLR 1053 at [105]; AHTC
([133(e)(v)] supra) at [450]-[451].

196 In my judgment, it is important to emphasise that the legal and evidential
burden of proof in respect of this cause of action and, in particular, the
four elements of such cause of action as referred to above, lies on the
plaintiffs. In that regard, the plaintiffs submitted that all four elements
have been satisfied.

197 As to that submission, I accept that WKN owed fiduciary duties to the
plaintiffs and that therefore, the first element is satisfied. However, I do
not accept that the plaintiffs have satisfied the legal and evidential burden
on them with regard to the other elements. In particular, I am not satisfied
on the evidence that the 50 Payments were not in the plaintiffs’ interests or
that the defendant assisted WKN’s breach of his fiduciary duties, still less
that he dishonestly assisted WKN in breaching WKN’s fiduciary duties to the
plaintiffs.

198 This conclusion may seem odd having regard to the fact that, but for the
time-bar defence, I would have upheld the plaintiffs’ claim in respect of at
least 14 of the 50 Payments on the basis of unjust enrichment. However, that
was because (a) the elements necessary to establish that cause of action are
very different from the elements to establish a claim for dishonest
assistance; and (b) it was my conclusion that the defendant had failed to
satisfy the evidential burden on him which I considered arose in the context
of a claim of unjust enrichment and the circumstances of the case.

199 In the present context, I bear well in mind the forceful submission made
by the plaintiffs’ counsel that this is to ignore the fact the defendant
deliberately decided not to give evidence and that I should therefore draw an
appropriate adverse inference against the defendant. However, as the
authorities show and as I have emphasised, it is important not to reverse the
burden of proof. Here, I am not satisfied that the plaintiffs have established
even a prima facie case of dishonesty against the defendant with regard to the
14 payments. In those circumstances, it would, in my view, be wrong in
principle to draw an adverse inference of dishonesty against the defendant
because he decided deliberately not to give evidence.

200 The position with regard to the other 36 payments is a fortiori. As to
these payments, I have positively held that the evidence adduced on the
defendant’s behalf is proof of a practice sufficient to defeat the claim for
unjust enrichment which would, in effect, outweigh or override any adverse
inference that I might draw against him. Such conclusion is inconsistent with
any dishonesty on the part of the defendant (apart from the issue of
illegality which I consider further below).

201 For these brief reasons and even in the absence of the time-bar, I would
reject the claims advanced by the plaintiffs on the basis of dishonest
assistance.

(C) Knowing Receipt

202 For a defendant to be liable for knowing receipt, the plaintiffs submitted
(and I accept) that the following elements must be shown viz (a) a person has
disposed of assets in breach of his fiduciary duty to the plaintiff; (b) the
defendant has beneficially received assets which are traceable as representing
the assets of the plaintiff; (c) the defendant knew that the assets he
received were traceable to a breach of fiduciary duty; and (d) the defendant’s
state of knowledge must be such as to make it unconscionable for him to retain
the benefit of the receipt: Parakou Shipping Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Liu
Cheng Chan and others [2017] SGHC 15 at [146] (“Parakou Shipping”);

203 Again, the legal and evidential burden of proving these elements rests on
the plaintiffs; and for reasons similar to those stated above with regard to
the plaintiffs’ claim for dishonest assistance, I do not accept that the
plaintiffs have established even a prima facie case against the defendant for
knowing receipt. It follows that even in the absence of the time-bar, I would
reject the claims advanced by the plaintiffs on the basis of knowing receipt.

(D) Conspiracy to Injure by Unlawful Means

204 For a defendant to be liable for conspiracy by unlawful means, the
plaintiffs submitted (and I accept) that the following elements must be shown
viz (a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts; (b)
the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to the
plaintiff by those acts (although such intention need not be predominant); (c)
the acts were unlawful; (d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the
agreement and (e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy:
Parakou Shipping at [161]; Beyonics Technology (HC) ([138(c)] supra) at [161].

205 Again, the legal and evidential burden of proving these elements rests on
the plaintiffs; and for reasons similar to those stated above with regard to
the plaintiffs’ claim for dishonest assistance, I do not accept that the
plaintiffs have established even a prima facie case against the defendant of
any conspiracy to injure by unlawful means. It follows that even in the
absence of the time-bar, I would reject the claims advanced by the plaintiffs
on the basis of knowing receipt.

Illegality

206 It was the plaintiffs’ case that with regard to the 36 payments, even if
the defendant can make out his case that such payments were made to him for
the reasons pleaded in the Defence, they do not afford him a defence because
such defence is premised on an arrangement that involved illegal acts under
Malaysian law which this court will not recognise (the “illegality issue”).
This is disputed by the defendant on a number of grounds as referred to below.

207 However, before addressing the illegality issue, it is important to note
how it fits in with the various claims advanced by the plaintiffs particularly
in light of the conclusions which I have already reached earlier in this
judgment. Thus:

(a) The illegality issue is not relevant to the 11 alleged “gifts” and the
three other payments said to have been gifts or directors’ fees or shareholder
dividends. Subject to the time-bar, I have concluded that the plaintiffs would
be entitled to recover such payments.

(b) Save for Payment No 50, the illegality issue does not arise for decision
with regard to the other 35 payments because, as I have concluded, the
plaintiffs’ claims in relation to these payments are time-barred.

(c) The result is that on the basis of my earlier conclusions, the illegality
issue is only relevant to the plaintiffs’ claims in respect of one single
payment ie, Payment No 50; although, it would be relevant to all of the 36
payments if I were wrong on the time-bar issue.

208 The plaintiffs’ case with regard to the illegality issue is as pleaded in
para 2B of the Reply (Amendment No 2). In summary, it is the plaintiffs’ case
that if the court accepts that the 36 payments were made pursuant to an
arrangement (the “split fee arrangement”) between WKN and the defendant and/or
the defendant’s companies, namely GCH, DRM and WTK Reforestation, that was
illegal and/or involved illegal acts and/or a conspiracy to evade taxes under
Malaysian law; and that, for that reason “the [d]efendant cannot and/or is
precluded from and/or the [c]ourt will not recognise, or allow him to rely on,
such arrangement as a defence to the [p]laintiffs’ causes of action”.

209 As further pleaded by way of particulars, the plaintiffs’ case is founded
on the court accepting the evidence of Mr Hii, LTK and Mdm Ma that (contrary
to the plaintiffs’ primary case) the Logging Companies routed their sales of
timber logs through the plaintiffs such that the plaintiffs ended up holding
the revenue received from the end buyers of the timber logs. The plaintiffs
pleaded that:

(a) instead of transmitting the full sale price back to the Logging Companies,
the plaintiffs “retained some revenue” and “paid part” of the logging fees and
expenses “offshore” and the Logging Companies paid the remaining portion of
those logging fees and expenses “onshore”;

(b) that they asserted that the “practice” of “splitting” of the logging fees
and expense into “onshore” and “offshore” components resulted in lower income
and consequently lower taxes payable “onshore”;

(c) that WKN proposed the “onshore-offshore” payment structure for the
services that the defendant’s companies provided to the Malaysian companies in
the WTK Group which Mdm Ma and the defendant agreed to and the “directors’
fees and/or dividends” for the defendant’s directorships and/or shareholdings
in the companies in the WTK Group;

(d) that in furtherance of and/or pursuant to such arrangement, the plaintiffs
made the payments in question to the defendant’s bank account in Singapore,
being “offshore” payments for the services that the defendant’s companies
provided to the Malaysian companies in the WTK Group and the defendant’s
“directors’ fees and/or dividends”; and

(e) that the “offshore fees” were “deliberately kept off the books of the
onshore companies”.

In broad terms, I accept that the foregoing is a fair summary of the evidence
of Mr Hii, LTK and Mdm Ma; and that, as I have concluded, the 36 payments in
question were made pursuant to such an arrangement or practice.

210 It is on this basis that the plaintiffs submitted that such arrangement or
practice was prohibited by and/or breached the laws in Malaysia in particular
ss 3, 75A, 78 to 82, 113, 114, 119(A), and 140 of the Income Tax Act 1967 (No
47 of 1967) (M’sia) (“ITA”). In particular, the plaintiffs relied upon s
114(1) of the ITA which provides that it is an offence for a person to
wilfully and with intent evade tax and to omit from a return any income which
should be included. The defendant’s Malaysian law expert, Mr Saravana Kumar
Segaran (“Mr Saravana”), also agreed that it is an offence under the ITA for a
party to intentionally evade tax. It was the plaintiffs’ Malaysian law expert,
Dr Subbramaniam’s unchallenged evidence that evasion of taxes occurs when the
board is not informed of all the facts relevant to an assessment. Mr Saravana
also accepted that the act of not declaring one’s income, whether corporate or
personal, is an infringement of Malaysian income tax law.

211 On behalf of the defendant, it was submitted that there was no illegality
per se; that the plaintiffs must establish beyond reasonable doubt that the
arrangement or practice was entered into for an illegal purpose; that, on the
evidence, no such illegal purpose had been established; and that, on the
contrary, the evidence was to the effect that the GCH Group entered into the
split fee arrangements with the WTK Group not to evade tax but because the
latter had proposed this in order to accommodate their existing practice.

212 It is right that the evidence of Mdm Ma was that it was likely to have
been WKN on behalf of the WTK Group who initially proposed that part of the
contract fees payable to GCH be paid offshore. I readily accept that this may
well have been the case. However, whether or not that was so in fact, is, in
my judgment, ultimately irrelevant to the question as to whether the
arrangement was entered into for an illegal purpose.

213 Here, the evidence of, in particular, Mdm Ma and LTK was that the
“offshore” component of the fees payable to the defendant was deliberately
kept off the books. Despite Mdm Ma’s protestations in evidence that she did
not know what were the tax implications of such arrangement, it is noteworthy
that she herself said in her AEIC that when GCH commenced an action against
Elite Honour in 2014, GCH did not sue for the “offshore” component in that
action because the defendant had “concerns over the potential tax implications
of the onshore-offshore payment structure”. Moreover, Mdm Ma had no
explanation for why the “offshore” component was deliberately kept off the
books. As submitted by the plaintiffs’ counsel, her silence betrays the fact
that she well knew that the object of that arrangement was to evade the
payment of taxes on the “offshore” component. If the “offshore” component was
recorded in the books of their companies, then the defendant’s and Mdm Ma’s
companies would have had to pay taxes on that income. That would have reduced
the profits and therefore the dividends which those companies could have paid
to the defendant and Mdm Ma. Mr Ling also accepted that if the “offshore”
component had been declared to the Malaysian tax authorities, then the
defendant’s and Mdm Ma’s companies would have had to pay taxes on that income.
The defendant’s and Mdm Ma’s companies paid taxes only on the “onshore”
component. Their companies did not declare the “offshore” component to the
Malaysian tax authorities (“the Board”). Mr Ling said that the defendant’s and
Mdm Ma’s companies’ tax agent would determine the annual tax payable based on
the companies’ audited financial statements, which were in turn prepared by
the companies’ auditors based on the companies’ books. So, the Board and the
auditors did not know of the “offshore” payments if and when the companies’
books were audited.

214 I do not accept the evidence of Mdm Ma that she did not know the tax
implications of the split fee arrangement. On the contrary, I am sure that the
defendant and Mdm Ma both fully understood all along the implications of what
was being done, ie, that the deliberate and intended purpose of the
arrangement was to evade tax in Malaysia. So far as may be relevant, it is
also my conclusion that an adverse inference can and should be drawn against
the defendant to that effect. (It is possible that his decision not to give
evidence was driven by a reluctance to being pressed with questions on this
topic and to the risk of having to admit in open court that this was the case;
but that is a matter of speculation.)

215 In support of the defendant’s case that the split fee arrangement had not
been entered into for an illegal purpose, the defendant’s counsel sought to
rely on the fact that he and his companies had made certain voluntary
disclosures to the Board in 2015; that by letters dated 1 and 5 April 2019,
the Board had accepted such disclosures and given notice that no audit or
investigations would be made in the future in respect of the years of
assessment for which disclosure was made; and that the defendant, Mdm Ma and
their companies had paid the required settlement amounts to the Board.

216 However, I do not consider that the foregoing assists the defendant. As
submitted by the plaintiffs’ counsel, the evidence concerning such purported
voluntary disclosure is, at best, most unsatisfactory and, in my judgment,
falls far short of establishing that the defendant, Mdm Ma and their companies
came clean to the Board on the “offshore” payments. (I put on one side the
question whether the exercise of “coming clean” would negate any initial
unlawful conduct for the purpose of the operation of the doctrine of
illegality.) The evidence of LTK was that he sent to the defendant or Mdm Ma
the spreadsheets which he claimed recorded the “offshore” component of the
fees payable to the defendant for the purposes of the defendant’s and Mdm Ma’s
“voluntary disclosure” to the Board. However, as submitted by the plaintiffs’
counsel, the unredacted letters between the Board, Mdm Ma, the defendant and
their companies show that the income declared to the Board for the purposes of
the voluntary disclosure programme is significantly lower than the alleged
“offshore” component recorded in those spreadsheets. This conclusion is
reinforced by the withholding of documents that the court ordered that the
defendant produce. The defendant has only disclosed the unredacted letters and
withheld other documents from the court. Notably, the defendant has not
disclosed any documents relating to WTK Reforestation. There was no
satisfactory explanation for this. In my judgment, this further reinforces the
adverse inference to be drawn against the defendant with regard to this issue
as stated above.

217 For all these reasons, I accept the plaintiffs’ submission that the
arrangement or practice which I have found was entered into and the 36
payments were made and performed with the deliberate intention by the
defendant of evading taxes in Malaysia; and that such conduct was unlawful
under the laws of Malaysia.

218 The question then arises as to whether such unlawful conduct has the
effect contended by the plaintiffs, ie, that “the [d]efendant cannot and/or is
precluded from and/or the [c]ourt will not recognise, or allow him to rely on,
such arrangement as a defence to the [p]laintiffs’ causes of action”.

219 In support of that case, the plaintiffs’ counsel relied upon what was
described as three broad principles viz (a) the so-called Foster v Driscoll
principle; (b) the so-called Ralli Bros principle; and (c) the principle that
a man cannot rely on or profit from his own wrong. I deal with each of these
so-called principles in turn.

The so-called Foster v Driscoll principle

220  The plaintiffs’ counsel submitted that the principle to be derived from
Foster v Driscoll [1929] 1 KB 470 is that where parties enter into an
agreement with the object of breaking the laws of a friendly country or to
procure someone else to break them or to assist in the doing of it, the court
will regard that agreement to be a breach of international comity, and
therefore, contrary to public policy and void. However, I do not accept that
the decision in Foster v Driscoll supports such a broad principle. At the very
least, the principle as formulated by the plaintiffs’ counsel needs some
qualification and that careful consideration is required when seeking to apply
any such principle to the very unusual facts of the present case.

221 In my view, the starting point is to recognise that the so-called Foster v
Driscoll principle is founded on public policy which is or can be (as has
often been stated) an “unruly horse”. No doubt, this is so because views may
differ as to what public policy should dictate as is apparent from the
judgments in Foster v Driscoll itself.

222 I readily accept the general principle which is founded on public policy
and international comity that the court will not enforce a contract if the
real object and intention of the parties is to violate the laws of a friendly
foreign state; and that such general principle was established in Foster v
Driscoll itself and elaborated, confirmed or followed and applied in a number
of cases including Regazzoni v K C Sethia (1944) Ltd [1958] AC
301(“Regazzoni”); the Court of Appeal decision in Peh Teck Quee v Bayerische
Landesbank Girozentrale [1999] 3 SLR(R) 842 (“Peh”) at [45] – [47]; and the
SICC decision in BCBC Singapore Pte Ltd and another v PT Bayan Resources TBK
and another [2016] 4 SLR 1 (“BCBC”) at [174] – [175].

223 However, it is important to note that these cases were generally concerned
as to whether the court would enforce the contracts in question and award
damages for their breach. The rationale for the principle is that if the court
were to enforce such contracts it would, by lending such assistance, be
helping the parties to breach the laws of a foreign country and this would be
contrary to the comity between nations: see the exposition of the scope and
rationale for the principle in Regazzoni v K C Sethia (1944) Ltd [1956] 2 QB
490 (“Regazzoni (EWCA)”) at pp 514 and 515 per Denning LJ (as he then was)
(the decision was upheld on appeal to the House of Lords); Peh at [47]; BCBC
at [175]; Dicey, Morris & Collins on the Conflict of Laws (Lord Collins of
Mapesbury gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2016) (“Dicey”) at para 32-191.

224 In contrast, the circumstances of the present case are quite different.
The court here is not concerned with a claim by the plaintiffs to enforce a
contract between the parties to the litigation. Rather, the plaintiffs seek to
rely upon the so-called Foster v Driscoll principle to undermine the defence
raised by the defendant against the plaintiffs’ claims. In my view, that
involves a considerable extension of the Foster v Driscoll principle; and
whether or not such extension is justified raises an important and difficult
question of law.

225 As to that question, the plaintiffs submitted that the issue of whether
the Foster v Driscoll principle applies in non-contractual cases does not
arise. In essence, they say that the illegality arises in the present case
taking the defendant’s case at its highest; and that therefore, the question
of illegality arises only if the court finds that the payments to the
defendant were made pursuant to agreements (or arrangements) between the
defendant and WKN. In that case, the plaintiffs submitted that the payments
would have been made to the defendant pursuant to agreements which were
contractual in nature; and that even if the court finds that the payments were
made to the defendant pursuant to an arrangement that was not contractual in
nature, the Foster v Driscoll applies even where there is no contract but only
a mere arrangement: citing Brooks Exim Pte Ltd v Bhagwandas Naraindas [1995] 1
SLR(R) 543 at [13]-[15].

226 In my view, that submission does not grapple with, still less meet
satisfactorily, the main question which arises in this context, ie, whether
the plaintiffs are entitled to rely on the Foster v Driscoll principle to
undermine the defence raised by the defendant in the particular circumstances
of the present case. For present purposes, I am prepared to assume in the
plaintiffs’ favour that it matters not whether the payments in question were
made pursuant to some informal arrangement rather than a binding agreement.
However, the fundamental question remains as to whether the Foster v Driscoll
applies at all in the circumstances of the present case.

227 In my view, there are very strong arguments for the view that the
plaintiffs cannot here rely on the Foster v Driscoll principle. These
arguments were the focus of detailed written submissions served by the
defendant’s counsel after the trial which I would summarise as follows:

(a) It is clear from the origins of the illegality doctrine that it was
formulated to prevent a party from founding a cause of action under a contract
based on an illegal act and not to defeat a defence brought against a claim.

(b) As the Singapore Court of Appeal and learned academics have observed, the
doctrine originates from Lord Mansfield CJ’s decision in Holman v Johnson
(1775) 1 Cowp 341 at 343 (“Holman”) where his Lordship explained the doctrine
as being:

founded in general principle of policy …. The principle of public policy is
this: ex dolo malo non oritur actio. No Court will lend its aid to a man who
founds his cause of action upon an immoral or an illegal act. If, from the
plaintiff’s own stating or otherwise, the cause of action appears to arise ex
turpi causa, or the transgression of a positive law of this country, there the
Court says he has no right to be assisted. It is upon that ground the court
goes; not for the sake of the defendant, but because they will not lend their
aid to such a plaintiff [emphasis added]

(Ochroid ([133(e)(xi)] supra) at [23]; Paul S Davies “The illegality defence -
two steps forward, one step back?” (2009) 3 Conv 182 at p 182 – 183).

(c) The Singapore courts have applied this rule in numerous cases and in the
context of considering whether to deny relief to a plaintiff that has claimed
under or is purporting to enforce a contract that is illegal or tainted with
illegality: see, for example, Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo and another [2014]
3 SLR 609 (“Ting Siew May”) at [51] citing the English Court of Appeal
decision in Alexander v Rayson [1936] 1 KB 169 at 182 that “where the
intention of both or one of the parties is that the object shall be used by
the purchaser or hirer for an unlawful purpose … any party to the agreement
who had the unlawful intention is precluded from suing upon it” [emphasis
added].

(d) Further, that the illegality doctrine applies to defeat claims and not
defences is consistent with the fundamental rationale for the doctrine. In the
landmark decision in English law (Patel v Mirza [2017] AC 467), the United
Kingdom Supreme Court surveyed the development of the doctrine in English law
and across the Commonwealth since Holman and distilled the “essential
rationale of the illegality doctrine [to be] that it would be contrary to the
public interest to enforce a claim if to do so would be harmful to the
integrity of the legal system” [emphasis added] per Lord Toulson at [120].

(e) The argument from rationale applies with greater force where there is a
foreign illegality which engages the public policy of the forum court. It is
clear from Regazzoni ([222] supra) and subsequent authorities that the rule in
Foster v Driscoll relates to the forum court “enforcing contracts or awarding
damages for their breach” contrary to the laws of a friendly foreign country
as doing so would be to assist the breach of contract and offend international
comity. As Denning LJ explained in Regazzoni (EWCA) ([223] supra) at p 515,
the English courts will not enforce the laws of another friendly country but
should take notice of such laws to the extent of refusing enforcement of any
agreement which was intended to be carried out by breaking the laws of that
country. Consistent with this principle, all the reported Singapore cases
applied the principle in Foster v Driscoll where the foreign illegality was
raised against the plaintiff in order to resist claims for damages for breach
of contract: see for example Peh ([222] supra) and BCBC.

(f) Further, where the doctrine of illegality was considered in relation to a
claim in unjust enrichment or in equity, the context was where the plaintiff
had brought an alternative claim in restitution or equity, in order to obtain
relief under a contract that was tainted by illegality. The issue was whether
the illegality would also affect the alternative claim brought in unjust
enrichment or equity: Ochroid at [42]–[51]. However, these principles do not
assist the plaintiffs because the defendant is not seeking to enforce a
contract or obtain any relief under a contract allegedly tainted by illegality
by making an alternative claim in unjust enrichment or equity.

228 Against what the defendant submitted were these established principles,
the plaintiffs relied in particular on the decision of the English High Court
in Barros Mattos Junior and others v MacDaniels Ltd and others [2005] 1 WLR
247 (“Barros”) where the plaintiff bank who was defrauded of monies sued the
defendant, who had received the monies from the fraudster and changed most of
it into Nigerian currency, in unjust enrichment. The defendant in that case
alleged that it had changed its position because it had transferred the monies
on the fraudster’s instructions to the payee without knowledge of the fraud.
The English High Court (Laddie J) held that the defendant was not entitled to
rely on the change of position defence because this was based on an illegal
act as the currency conversion was in breach of Nigerian foreign exchange
laws.

229 So far as I am aware, Barros is the only decided case in which a plea of
illegality has been upheld so as to defeat a defence raised by a defendant.
Indeed, I am not aware of any case where such a plea has even been raised by a
plaintiff against a defendant.

230 On behalf of the defendant, it was submitted that Barros is
distinguishable on its facts and, in any event, should not be followed. In
support of that latter submission, the defendant’s counsel drew my attention
to the fact that Barros has been widely criticised for its unprincipled
extension of the illegality doctrine to defeat defences, citing the following:

(a) Professor Andrew Tettenborn, a leading academic in the law of obligations,
has observed in Andrew Tettenborn, “Bank Fraud, Change of Position and
Illegality: The Case of the Innocent Money Launderer” [2005] LMCLQ 6 (“ LMCLQ
Article”) at p 8 that applying the illegality doctrine to defeat defences will
give rise to artificiality, arbitrariness and injustice because it allows the
plaintiff to establish his claim based on a false set of facts:

… in Barros the ex turpi causa maxim was applied in a novel way, ie, to shut
out a defence to an existing claim rather than to nullify a cause of action
that would otherwise exist. … the effect of ex turpi causa in the law of
obligations ought to be limited to the creation, or rather non-creation, of
rights to sue. There is, it is suggested, a substantial difference between
taking away a cause of action so as to give a defendant a possibly unjust
escape from liability, and artificially disabling a defence so as to allow a
claim to succeed on what is effectively a false basis (which was what Barros
effectively did). The former can just be said to promote public policy, albeit
in a rough and ready way. The latter is apt to lead to such wildly arbitrary
results [emphasis added].

(b) The authoritative text on restitution, Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust
Enrichment (Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Stephen Watterson eds) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) at para 27-53:

… The maxim invoked by Laddie J to justify this harsh result encapsulates a
rule that formerly debarred claims founded on evidence of illegality, and
there was no reason to think that it should have been extended to knock out
defences [emphasis from original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

(c) A key text on equity and trusts, David Hayton and Charles Mitchell, Hayton
and Marshall: Commentary and Cases on the Law of Trusts and Equitable Remedies
(Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2005) was equally critical of Barros at para 11-32:

On Laddie J’s reasoning, the defendants would have escaped liability if they
had paid the money away without converting it into naira first. Why should so
much have turned on a breach of the Nigerian foreign exchange laws that was
unconnected with the circumstances in which the claimant’s money had been
stolen and placed in the defendant’s hands?... It is by no means obvious that
the rule in [Tinsley v Milligan [1994] 1 AC 340 (“Tinsley”)] debarring Tinsley
founded on evidence of illegality should necessarily be extended to knock out
defences, even assuming that the rule for claims works well, something which
may be doubted [emphasis from original].

(d) The defendant argued that both Prof Tettenborn (see [230(a)] above) and
Professor Andrew Burrows in Andrew Burrows, The Law of Restitution, (OUP, 3rd
Ed, 2012) at pp 542 and 543 criticised Barros as misapplying the law. Barros
relied on Lord Goff’s comment in Lipkin Gorman [1991] 2 AC 548 at 580 that the
“defence of change of position should not be open to a wrongdoer”. However,
Barros had misinterpreted this comment as Lord Goff meant that the defence of
change of position did not apply when the claim was for a restitution for a
wrong committed by the defendant against the plaintiff. This was not intended
to impose a public policy rule to strike down defences involving an illegal
act.

231 In my judgment, these criticisms of Barros ([228] supra) in applying the
doctrine of illegality to defeat defences are cogent and compelling. The case
appears to stand in splendid isolation. As submitted by the defendant’s
counsel, the decision in Barros represents an unprincipled extension to the
Foster v Driscoll principle which will or may result in artificiality,
arbitrariness and injustice. By applying the doctrine of illegality to shut
out the defence of change of position in Barros, the plaintiff in that case
was allowed to make out its claim on the basis of a false set of facts – that
the defendant did not in fact change its position as a result of the
enrichment. This led to an artificial, arbitrary and unjust result as the
defendant was effectively treated as if it had been enriched by the funds
received when that was in fact not the case, and had to pay the plaintiff out
of its own pocket. Likewise, extending the doctrine of illegality to defeat
the defendant’s defence in this case will, in my view, result in
artificiality, arbitrariness and injustice.

232 Further, it was submitted by the defendant’s counsel that the doctrine of
illegality as applied in Barros is no longer consistent with English law and,
in any event, does not represent Singapore law. In that case, Laddie J held at
[27] and [28] that the doctrine of illegality is “indiscriminate” in requiring
that the court to take no notice of any illegal activity and “allows no room
for the exercise of any discretion by the court”. However, as submitted by the
defendants’ counsel, such approach is no longer English law: see Patel v Mirza
([227(d)] supra) [120]. It is also inconsistent with Singapore law to the
extent that for contracts that are entered into with the object of committing
an illegal act, the courts will apply the principle of proportionality to
decide whether to allow recovery under the contract: Ochroid ([133(e)(xi)]
supra) at [38]–[40]. In particular, in applying the principle of
proportionality, the court will consider a number of non-exhaustive factors in
the analysis, including (a) whether allowing the claim would undermine the
purpose of the prohibiting rule; (b) the nature and gravity of the illegality;
(c) the remoteness or centrality of the illegality to the contract; (d) the
object, intent, and conduct of the parties, and (e) the consequences of
denying the claim: Ochroid at [38]; Ting Siew May ([227(c)] supra) at [70]. As
Professor Tettenborn noted in the LMCLQ Article at pp 8 and 9, the illegality
doctrine should not be applied in a rigid fashion and to disproportionate
effect. It should instead be applied flexibility by taking into consideration
the degree of illegality and its interaction with the transaction concerned.

233 For all these reasons, it is my conclusion that the so-called Foster v
Driscoll principle does not assist the plaintiffs in the circumstances of the
present case.

The so-called Ralli Bros principle

234 In summary, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that they can
rely on the principle in Ralli Brothers v Compañia Naviera Sota y Aznar [1920]
2 KB 287 (“Ralli Bros”) to defeat the defence raised by the defendant with
regard to the 36 payments, the relevant principle being “…that a contract is
invalid where according to the terms of the contract the performance of the
contract would necessarily involve an act which would be illegal in the place
of performance, regardless of when the foreign law rendered that act
illegal…”. In particular, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that
the Ralli Bros principle is not an application of the doctrine of frustration
but rather an independent conflicts of law principle; and that it applies in
this case because the arrangement and/or agreements relied upon by the
defendant required the performance of acts that would be illegal in Malaysia.

235 In my judgment, this part of the plaintiffs’ case fails for a number of
reasons which I can summarise quite shortly. First, under Singapore law, the
Ralli Bros principle is regarded as one pertaining to the frustration of a
contract arising from some supervening illegality in the place of contractual
performance: see Ralli Bros itself in particular at 292; Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore vol 6(2) (LexisNexis Singapore, 2019) at 75.366; Peh ([222] supra)
at [44]; and cf: Ryder Industries Ltd (formerly Saitek Ltd) v Timely
Electronics Co Ltd [2015] HKCU 3109 per Lord Collins at [43] and Dicey at para
32-100. Here, there was no “supervening” illegality and no frustration.
Second, the uncontested evidence of the defendant’s Malaysian law expert, Mr
Saravana, is that the act of receiving offshore payments, or the entry into a
contract which provides for such payments is by itself not illegal. Rather,
the only potential illegal act is the wilful non-declaration of tax to the
Malaysian tax authorities with the intent to evade tax. Even on the assumption
that an arrangement which has the object of evading tax is illegal, the Ralli
Bros principle is not engaged and has no application in the circumstances of
the present case. Third, the effect of the Ralli Bros principle is to render
the relevant contract “invalid and unenforceable”. However, the defendant is
not seeking to enforce any contract nor (if there is any difference) any
arrangement.

236 For these brief reasons, I would reject the plaintiffs’ attempted reliance
on the Ralli Bros principle.

The principle that a man cannot rely on or profit from his own wrong

237 In summary, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that it has long
been established that a court will not allow a party to rely on wrongdoing in
his defence; that this a principle of public policy encapsulated in the Latin
phrase: ex dolo malo non oritur action; and that no court will lend its aid to
a man who founds his cause of action or defence upon an immoral or illegal
act. On this basis, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that allowing
the defendant to justify the retention of monies by reference to the split fee
arrangement would allow the defendant to profit from his own illegal acts
which is impermissible.

238 In broad terms, I readily accept the existence of the general principle
relied upon by the plaintiffs. However, in my view, it has no application in
the circumstances of the present case and cannot assist the plaintiffs. In one
sense, this part of the plaintiffs’ case is no more than a rehash of their
submissions based upon the Foster v Driscoll principle and, so far as
relevant, I would simply refer to my conclusions with regard thereto. Further,
in applying this principle, it is always important to identify the relevant
act or conduct which is said to constitute the relevant “wrong”. As I have
accepted, the relevant act or conduct was illegal under Malaysian law but it
was not a relevant “wrong” as between the plaintiffs and the defendant.

239 For these brief reasons, I reject the plaintiffs’ attempted reliance on
this principle.

Conclusion

240 For all these reasons, I would summarise my conclusions as follows:

(a) All of the plaintiffs’ claims are time-barred apart from the claim in
respect of Payment No 50 identified in Annex B.

(b) Esben’s claim in respect of Payment No 50 identified in Annex B fails.

(c) If I am wrong on the time-bar point, I would hold that the plaintiffs’
claims succeed in respect of the following 14 payments identified in Annex B
to this judgment viz Nos 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 16, 18 and 38.

(d) However, even if I am wrong on the time-bar point, I would hold that the
plaintiffs’ further claims in relation to the other 36 payments identified in
Annex B fail and must be rejected in any event.

241 In light of these conclusions, no question of tracing arises. It is
therefore unnecessary to address the parties’ submissions with regard to a
number of discrete issues of principle relating to the proper methodology of
any tracing exercise.

242 I reserve all questions of costs.

Henry Bernard Eder  
International Judge

Davinder Singh s/o Amar Singh SC, Pardeep Singh Khosa, Rajvinder Singh Chahal,
Avinash Iswar Selvarajah, Sumedha Madhusudhanan (Davinder Singh Chambers LLC)
for the plaintiffs;

Francis Xavier s/o Subramaniam Xavier Augustine SC, Jainil Bhandari, Chia Xin
Ran Alina, Chiang Yuan Bo, Kristin Ng Wei Ting and Riko Isaac (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the defendant.

* * *

Annex A

![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAA2AAAAIDCAIAAADt5+qzAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAVfxJREFUeF7t3c/rFMt+//Hvx2R/L/lJvCKiLgLZSxB14UL9A+SiZxNXgq5CEN0I4YIb5RCyUnBlNke5+AeoCwkqEgwhgWyyUBERFyE/bnbJRr+vc173vm+d6p7pnpme7uqp5yw+zGemuqvqUdXV767qmdn7+vXr/+OBAAIIIIAAAggggMBvBPZBgQACCCCAAAIIIIBAKkCASH9AAAEEEEAAAQQQ+JEAASIdAgEEEEAAAQQQQIAAkT6AAAIIIIAAAgggsFiAGUR6BwIIIIAAAggggAAziPQBBBBAAAEEEEAAAWYQ6QMIIIAAAggggAACPQVYYu4JRTIEEEAAAQQQQKAWAQLEWlqaeiKAAAIIIIAAAj0FCBB7QpEMAQQQQAABBBCoRYAAsZaWpp4IIIAAAggggEBPAQLEnlAkQwABBBBAAAEEahEgQKylpdeu59GjR/d+8zh37ly6n1evXsVbeqJ/492rV6+mb+l5um32lv5Nd/vo0aM0wfv37+Nd7STbVhllVXOB09ezcsYetOcsL791586dVq6UwqVqVjNquqSo2jYD8X5SwHRz5evyLMku20OWRRNcFfc++wt4n/GIPWgnEsuyiDIvycXt7m3Tvenf2Dw1jyyy1mm2b3Q2125Rg2o/rS1ufDexCxBNk+6wqeqKuDzuga28er21T0ZXT9/NDjrXfRH4ouxSsbTYqUz0rmiLKEZrGbzPZmcOtOzYdJnTF5sNHeVsbbjWxloy1Lgd067lV9IDzTmmJq1W6SaB32RxYdIhy3trjgYpxZIjq7Uw8WKzydK+kW6bZeH6Zg6tY04UPuuczYE3zSI9/NPXMxm/le4qypANINkhz7/jCBAgjuM811x8Cv/6w+Pdu3dPnz6N41bD7smTJ69cueJ3b9++rX+zM/HLly/9rp5o23QgOHLkSOzWZ5Q48128eFF787vav1KmQ7ySqSR+9+HDh/fu3Usz1ZCnd5VGrwf6iRMnopB6UVv538OHDztNZOfXr1+/3mwwFT7y1btnzpzR37t373oTFTKgnjx5EpsvKeqSPiENcXnPemgnbojO7JbsM8CtKuT09NApoMTaw9mzZ0Nee8hOEgGrNG/fvk0Lc+HChWhQvR4do+eBERR+0rpVdEUVI+tsi3KJfnX//v3lJbl06VIzgQujuuityF01babMeCNBbJV1yDiyXJdFAe4i8DS79ODy+Th6gkp+48aNZpTz4sULl/D169c9GyhN1noMRgIdmM34rE8uyxurdajR8aI9q6N6/9qDMNWHNSCkOVrAh6reTS9O3OHVTGqR2InQlJ3Hw7RptGE67KRZaEyIrhv+Ll6fIyvzCcBnz5416aIzZ8OmUsbx65qqUhGxLRpz+jSN03hIjGpGv1J93c+Vo9OEpIfNeAhTpO7V4l1yWdK/VKTcRIAAcRO9Hd/Wp/8YgxROpSd+Dbs6vD3G6aGgSqOAhs7m1bPe9YjcOpxptxo4NBxoQz20B/0bIZr2r39jiM/Ejx07pleeP38er3/33Xd6rpLob3N83KTBVPgYzpoBUOeem0VdtIlGSWk47PBjSVTUmW9rglOnTun1lU7/jpAi9lUYpChk7ZP9esXuuZVDtNbOlu3hwYMH7i0CXx61KMGw3WlJXVySQ4cO6a8D69Yrlp4acXApfXZE66h0AJpWTZ08opz0yOqZnZJ1HoO3bt3qv7dI2bOx0qFGY4t6qfbgMO7mzZv6G0NW7NnRmy8X9dedQWORnpw+fVovfvPNN/prJUfPysUDl6MxR95Kn0U8faq50pHl/VvYJcyycHTuAdBiix6u2ps3b+yz+Zija8K4eHO4qRK6M3vAUU3jQFNX9BkkLZ76ufbg41dvZReZfTBJM6wAAeKwnju1N4dEMc2W1s2H/eXLl9MXPQp4xFnv4W2z2RoPZD1nHXRuU5mvXbumTWIiZL3CNLfS6DbCwofPytkkx1BVWG8/PhX5rBOP48eP6/lKUeZ6uW9pK1XK80k+/XdWZNFVypaKpyulJSvj62Xq+qZHtK9b0iPFczw+3Jx+1bw6j8EsJO2z/1UbK/bp2FqYCu/UhxUvtg5okT6uKzwWHTx4MN76+PGjnqcXivo3QjTPC646PqxxZKlFXEiXMGsgx47q0npdzn1slWbwMSey9mF14MCBKMmnT5/8XBcni0JYs6TTjT0rQrJhBQgQh/Xcqb0tiYd8kKejZ4wCHkazhy++s4DSaWLo18DtbdPRJHKJYSXd8+PHj/VvBJQRtmpX6URIZ6vo/JHehNQ6CeppD6/2rnHmzoq6pEi6bl5jHqKzjmkCj8vnz5+PF5cLfP78WSk9pxWP/fv36/mHDx9WynpRYoVfi24x1CZp6zRvfurf2dKUcTXiWHz5KnM6ETVIfZfsROXxWd+N0tobe5YhPbi8nyw88r9pFjG77KPJl2f9H53HoCU9mdf/0b+xmkONAhFl5Ph++VysbyNRstbLs0VdXXpiXG+6a40jSy3i9RaH9VkDOX5V+f36kmlvd3hP1/UZc7RbH4ax2r6o+bw0vGhywYO85nFbb8bQW15z1+Voc663f4ch5SACBIiDMLKTdgENJR5TfFthOjo70vIdUXqk9+11asZQpTOoRv8YaHz17JktB6M9lwWzW8Ra5xiUSyz7Kt+eUwWLitpZx8ETBLjMdX2vf9Nq9hHoLFIa5PWc8Y19prfTNTNK70FcdNrQxFV0Np1dOpdlHSV7Cq1zlTkmojoRWhOk8XfaJ6PM2VWHDoeYr1UXWnRBsgg8svNtoysdXLo801aaUvLcj4+m/o/OY1BXldbueWw6687GWjLU6Mh1wO1IcdFDyF5bdwhb7MMtoohZsWA2fej1ZU+8+fIvm6LTgR/XWr7nsn8143bq9O6X5uYKsj19uN6NBNrQt4x71b5/8Ui5DQECxG2o7sg+l9wF4km+bLKwOa3oO8fNkZ1p0s9MxMW3pySzycLmtKKGqljZ8QneD69t+erf2Q27yuyRy+ePzrvWXKRFRV3SRRR6Nm8t2rxLGdznyEUX94tyaZ0sbE5+pEHe+Evk6Qc+Ouce0qk11brPTZnpRNSqzZHG3+nESVrmLKL1B5I8l7xodnMRuLNz9BAzTM3JQr3bOq2oCEPneGWqPbjp+z/6HIPZZ0c6d96nsZYMNdq/654tTaT5KlpVVK1X0hugs4JlM+jx7vI16+W163lkpTvxkaUpWI0S2d04sb7sKqvzZKvM/pCKR7A0uBxqzIkgWx170QRhtu60yKdzBrSz25BgcwECxM0Nd3YPOk94LaNZw9ZVufQqP93EV5zpJ+YWkTnay656fXbMAg4NfxHreG+esop5Mq+DLPpQ4SZtphP5SnMMzaIuOqP4bLHSPZdRkdazVzMjjdqev1npE4KtS/bpXNEmnpNs6yXLmFDx+uPyVWbRbXvpv0nRZ+1vEaAnDn37ndP4vrT0iPadD46P4+F/1UkWrS+n3+PjrdzT+h+DzSOodUrewUT/xuo/1KT1FYg7QLqUkV4Dp5e+aSy1SeuEW/NmmM4jyx880h7Sy2P963sTYzLVaZoztRrB3BPibo31xpys46n1I8iOK7T0mr/1DqJJDn8y7SlAgNgTqsZkPshjEPGcf4zjis80AMW7/oaC1nvAFdt5vazz7jF/6jD98gjfFdS6NhQrR96tR9X4tgt/OUXr+LhGW7ruEVStek93VlQVQGVTNWMdVoFsfHpAw7fOGencgFeFlhfbK0qxrOMTvz9+kT3crKt+UMBRe/r9giqzajH+TOEazdfcxNWJVTPPt3XOCi//WOggBdNO0i+G3PBu/WzW000f9/77jK6KZ5M9EXYsWl9OPynsiWTHlP2PQXfyVMwdPhbTTe2C9W+s/kNNmnWMS+l9hNqVl9qV0gsRLozLGR9zbr2veqWesMaR5XguWweIzy/H/RgOl1s7rXtCfAvBemNOVk3LZPcLGc2AwowVnlai9MtcdbWmxIumIVcSJvH6AunNPTxHoCmQjuPp12j5q6rSntcMztJXnNKLYh5HFmln97hkZ3FtG69EAWKTdJ8+O6areJ63SBfmWkPPrJre55JSxVJgmrtXcFqL6mTph4KbGukCUPNdN0oGmDVHdldfupOodSw6ZyNIq0B2x1K6/ybsosZ1rdOO0dw27R6tk3bp5tE02XcKugCt7fv3f//3zR7oYqSLs267jNrtki4ZZ9+DmJXHBchu8Vxe5qxvtLbFIvBmdi5wipOSpgVLmyZq7U7VLEN6OMRO3IsWHYNZmWMFINJnjWV/FyA7BNLGavaodKhJj7Ws20S+zdNn83s6mz22lSU76ptHwaKhLy1DemSle4ht0y4XqnbIto0WabajN0xhF405WaWaHT6aKZNMW9BvpYN561GQlmHRGMLrownsZYN+81DhFQQQQAABBBBAAIGqBFhirqq5qSwCCCCAAAIIINAtQIDYbUQKBBBAAAEEEECgKgECxKqam8oigAACCCCAAALdAgSI3UakQAABBBBAAAEEqhIgQKyquaksAggggAACCCDQLUCA2G1ECgQQQAABBBBAoCoBAsSqmpvKIoAAAggggAAC3QIEiN1GpEAAAQQQQAABBKoSIECsqrmpLAIIIIAAAggg0C1AgNhtRAoEEEAAAQQQQKAqAQLEqpqbyiKAAAIIIIAAAt0CBIjdRqRAAAEEEEAAAQSqEiBArKq5qSwCCCCAAAIIINAtQIDYbUQKBBBAAAEEEECgKgECxKqam8oigAACCCCAAALdAgSI3UakQAABBBBAAAEEqhIgQKyquaksAggggAACCCDQLUCA2G1ECgQQQAABBBBAoCoBAsSqmpvKIoAAAggggAAC3QIEiN1GpEAAAQQQQAABBKoSIECsqrmpLAIIIIAAAggg0C1AgNhtRAoEEEAAAQQQQKAqAQLEqpqbyiKAAAIIIIAAAt0CBIjdRqRAAAEEEEAAAQSqEiBArKq5qSwCCCCAAAIIINAtQIDYbUQKBBBAAAEEEECgKgECxKqam8oigAACCCCAAALdAgSI3UakQAABBBBAAAEEqhIgQKyquaksAggggAACCCDQLUCA2G1ECgQQQAABBBBAoCoBAsSqmpvKIoAAAggggAAC3QIEiN1GpEAAAQQQQAABBKoSIECsqrmpLAIIIIAAAggg0C1AgNhtRAoEEEAAAQQQQKAqAQLEqpqbyiKAAAIIIIAAAt0CBIjdRqRAAAEEEEAAAQSqEiBArKq5qSwCCCCAAAIIINAtQIDYbUQKBBBAAAEEEECgKgECxKqam8oigAACCCCAAALdAgSI3UakQAABBBBAAAEEqhIgQKyquaksAggggAACCCDQLUCA2G1ECgQQQAABBBBAoCoBAsSqmpvKIoAAAggggAAC3QIEiN1GpEAAAQQQQAABBKoSIECsqrmpLAIIIIAAAggg0C1AgNhtRAoEEEAAAQQQQKAqAQLEqpqbyiKAAAIIIIAAAt0CBIjdRqRAAAEEEEAAAQSqEiBArKq5qSwCCCCAAAIIINAtQIDYbUQKBBBAAAEEEECgKgECxKqam8oigAACCCCAAALdAgSI3UakQAABBBBAAAEEqhIgQKyquaksAggggAACCCDQLUCA2G1ECgQQQAABBBBAoCoBAsSqmpvKIoAAAggggAAC3QIEiN1GpEAAAQQQQAABBKoSIECsqrmpLAIIIIAAAggg0C1AgNhtRAoEEEAAAQQQQKAqAQLEqpqbyiKAAAIIIIAAAt0CBIjdRqRAAAEEEEAAAQSqEiBArKq5qSwCCCCAAAIIINAtQIDYbUQKBBBAAAEEEECgKgECxKqam8oigAACCCCAAALdAgSI3UakQAABBBBAAAEEqhIgQKyquaksAggggAACCCDQLUCA2G1ECgQQQAABBBBAoCoBAsSqmpvKIoAAAggggAAC3QIEiN1GpEAAAQQQQAABBKoSIECsqrmpLAIIIIAAAggg0C1AgNhtRAoEEEAAAQQQQKAqAQLEqpqbyiKAAAIIIIAAAt0CBIjdRqRAAAEEEEAAAQSqEiBArKq5qSwCCCCAAAIIINAtQIDYbUQKBBBAAAEEEECgKgECxKqam8oigAACCCCAAALdAgSI3UakQAABBBBAAAEEqhIgQKyquaksAggggAACCCDQLUCA2G1ECgQQQAABBBBAoCoBAsSqmpvKIoAAAggggAAC3QIEiN1GpEAAAQQQQAABBKoSIECsqrmpLAIIIIAAAggg0C1AgNhtRAoEEEAAAQQQQKAqAQLEqpqbyiKAAAIIIIAAAt0CBIjdRqRAAAEEEEAAAQSqEiBArKq5qSwCCCCAAAIIINAtQIDYbUQKBBBAAAEEEECgKoG9r1+/VlXhWVd2b29v1uWn8MMKbPvgpb8N215z39u2+9vcfSg/AjsmQIA4pwbVCZsxek4Nts2yjtAZRshim0Lse0iBWXcGLnWG7Arz3xen0Z5tSMDRE6qIZLMeo4sQ3KFCjNAZRshihxpkx6sy684w68LveMcavXp0hv7k3IPY34qUCCCAAAIIIIBAFQIEiFU0M5VEAAEEEEAAAQT6CxAg9rciJQIIIIAAAgggUIUAAWIVzUwlEUAAAQQQQACB/gIEiP2tSIkAAggggAACCFQhQIBYRTNTSQQQQAABBBBAoL8AAWJ/K1IigAACCCCAAAJVCBAgVtHMVBIBBBBAAAEEEOgvQIDY34qUCCCAAAIIIIBAFQIEiFU0M5VEAAEEEEAAAQT6CxAg9rciJQIIIIAAAgggUIUAAWIVzUwlEUAAAQQQQACB/gIEiP2tSIkAAggggAACCFQhQIBYRTNTSQQQQAABBBBAoL8AAWJ/K1IigAACCCCAAAJVCBAgVtHMVBIBBBBAAAEEEOgvQIDY34qUCCCAAAIIIIBAFQIEiFU0M5VEAAEEEEAAAQT6CxAg9rciJQIIIIAAAgggUIUAAWIVzUwlEUAAAQQQQACB/gIEiP2tSLktgatXr547dy72fufOnb29vffv3/sVPdG/r354pK/rLW2lV375y1/q76NHj9LyaZ96cVslZr8IIIAAAgjstAAB4k4370wq980337x9+zYK+/z58yNHjrx588avfP78WX9PnDiR1UYh4NOnT79+/frzn//89u3bFy9ejAQKJe/du/fu3buZAFDMUQWOHj2qi5DIUpcZeiX+1ZWGLy2y6xZfqPhKJtvEifUYtRpkVr3A5j3ZhL7S9kODZ/WuAPxagACRrjC9gII/BXMxZaiw79atWw8ePHDJXr9+ffbs2ayUOounIeD169cVU8YZWpsrZDx8+PD0daME5Qlcvnz5w4cPUS71Nz2P7vfx48dmf1MCdbArV648efLEG6rHplFmebWkRLsvMEhP9tWRrrT1UK8+efIkMeLud51+NSRA7OdEqi0L6JTsKUONTXp+4cIFn7b10ITipUuX0vyVRvOFL1++TENABZQKGfWWYkfNRypk3HKR2f1cBY4fP/7s2TOX3v3tzJkzjx8/jv52+vTprG6aYlGyu3fvxuv698aNGxFWztWCcs9ZYPOe7IucuOzRiKpLa11gz1mFsg8mQIA4GCU72kRAp+QXL15oD5ov9OlZJ2BfyCpSPHbsWOxcK866xn348GG26Kx/NcGjUFKxY8w+blIktt1VgXTG2v1NNznoOsT1VX87f/58WnfNTOuSI06ifktbqb+xrLyrnWQW9dq8J6vbaxoyrawurbOuPgsKCrkNAQLEbaiyz5UFdCnsyRgNWHruE7BO3npRS3vpTKGiQ72rKLA5eaMJHi2R6LTdvGFx5QKxwU4LxIy1+5s6jGesdU2S9TdNsWhmOr1HNmDU37RV9umonWajcsUJbNiT1bEPHjxYXK0oUBkCBIhltEP1pYgztM64Du902tbJW+vOWv5LeRT/6V4ZLws22XR2P3ToUPWcAHQI6PJD9xoqUfQ3z1h/+vQp7Vd6V+vISpZ+yj7dtdbjbt68CTcCUwkM1ZOnKj/5lixAgFhy69RVNp2hNVsTnw9QmKirW53FT506lUJcu3ZN/2oRRJOFLPDV1UWGq60vP3wDovfqGWvd55D1N93qqp6mSLH1Iym+1ZVPqwzXMuxpNYENe7I+oeJ7e+LBbbWrNcBOpyZA3OnmnVXldIbWOTv9fIAGL72iD6y01kNnbq39scA3q0YupbCesY4bXlUsnWj10WadHdMbXhU+KqXucNA9r5pKbP10p2545dMqpbRrfeXYsCdrvI0PbBlPizZ8g2x9/ai9xgSI9IRSBHSG1jnbNyD60fwwaVpWjYz++kNixFKacFblUPAXN7yq4OpOOlMqFmz9diRdpejeBt//mj386aj40P2sDCjsLghs0pM9BR53UOgCSSOqLod2wYU6bCxAgLgxITsYSEAnWt1cmH6+JPs8nROk528l0CvpFCNfcDNQa+z+bnT5ETcguraasV5yA6s+kqI7XFsnV9Kvv9l9OGpYmMCGPVljph7+lmz1cEWHixZtCqs3xdm6wJ7Or1vPhAwGEtABTHsNZDn73YzQGUbIYvbNUE0FZt0ZZl34arrYSBWlM/SHZgaxvxUpEUAAAQQQQACBKgQIEKtoZiqJAAIIIIAAAgj0FyBA7G9FSgQQQAABBBBAoAoBAsQqmplKIoAAAggggAAC/QUIEPtbkRIBBBBAAAEEEKhCgACximamkggggAACCCCAQH8BAsT+VqREAAEEEEAAAQSqECBArKKZqSQCCCCAAAIIINBfgACxvxUpEUAAAQQQQACBKgQIEKtoZiqJAAIIIIAAAgj0FyBA7G9FSgQQQAABBBBAoAoBAsQqmplKIoAAAggggAAC/QUIEPtbkRIBBBBAAAEEEKhCgACximbepUr+4he/2KXqUBcEEEAAAQQKFNj7+vVrgcWiSK0Ce3t7yCAQAts+eOlvdLZUYNv9bXva6snzLfywLLrA/uu//uth9zmvvdEZ+rcXh01/K1IWIbBv374vX74UURQKUYEAJ9QdaGQudXagEQesAlcLPTEJEHtCkawUAQLEUlqijnLQ3+po51pq+bu/+7v/93//9zu/8zu1VJh6biDAPYgb4LEpAggggAAC8xFggXU+bTV9SQkQp28DSoAAAggggMAIAgSIIyDvTBYEiDvTlFQEAQQQQACBZQIEiPSP/gIEiP2tSIkAAggggMCMBQgQZ9x4oxedAHF0cjJEAAEEEEBgCgECxCnU55onAeJcW45yI4AAAgggsJIAAeJKXJUnJkCsvANsVP07d+5ouNHj6NGj6Y78oh6PHj1qzUDpnUB7iATnzp3LdqVX0gQblZWNEUAAgSkErl696uFOA1rk/+rVqxgn379/3yyXXowEShwJ/KL2mb6SJlheRX1tE98COEUvmGWeBIizbLYSCq3g7/79+xpr9FDAFwOWnj98+FAvvnz58uLFi82xT6Pk5cuXleDdu3c3btzw0OZQUi+eOXPGQaFef/v27fXr10uoLGVAAAEE1hDQaKYx0OOkBjQPbnrl5MmTGgD14u3btzXoNfd85MgRDaFKoOFUiZ1Aw6zS68Vnz5555NQOr1y5cuLEiZ5lU3DJDw30tCIZASJ9YE2BCxcuaLzzxqdPn9aA5ed6UW/picesN2/eZBk8efLEYd/hw4c1CL5+/VrPP378qH/15NChQx8+fNCTWz881iwcmyGAAAIFCGis04jngigQfP78uYc+BXke8Y4fP65IsXkhrQQeQo8dO6a/DgeV7ODBg3qi6/BPnz7pia6xr1271r+iLDH3tyIlASJ9YAABjXrNi2CPaB7dWh8a7DQyanzUuxr1PEQqOlSM6OlDB5o8EEAAgR0Q0FW0rqWziugKWdfJDhZbH77GdrCoZLqW1hMNjwcOHPD04ZJtmzskQNyBjjReFTz1zQOB9QS0/OHOmm2uIU8vejWk9XH27Fkl0OgW7/oVbahX9Nzr1M2HBzgelQhEB8v6mDvYkj7m7pT1MfW3rLvqlbQT0t8q6VcjV1MjYQxukbUuj90bvZTc+nCCdDBMe7Wee526/+MnP/nJr371q/7pSVmzQH5er9mCuq8t4LN4c6jSWXz52VdncT2yfDVcOkx0EJAlIEBcu5lmt6F6QsSF6kjRE/TE1x4+xTbPr2nYF+fX6Ffa1t3Smy9nob/NrtsUW2CHiVnx3AkXXQ87ceuFkLtxRJlLrsbTHH/605/+93//d7FEFKwoAZaYfT3GYyMBrwU3bzfUh1Hi3sTWDC5duvT06dPsLd99qNUTLVt7cFz0aeiNCs3GxQtoWc0dQI9Tp05FV2m9jTWtzd0fHn5F0eSLFy/0RPds+eP2cT/Dt99+63M2DwRGEDh//rxyyT5xrAXi6KKLyqBA0Dcvpg/ffaiPrTi41L+tn4bOtmKJeYSG3pksCBB3pil3pCJx96FvRlSt4rabHakh1VhLQEFerBrHDtLbWBftVWGlgku9q3u2/LEqfyJK2967d4+Pya/VGmw0sUDcfeibEVUarbd8/vy5s1gEiJ1EJPitQFHzmRRmRgKaevFCsB6+tStWQ3xF67WP5sKHtooXlSBbg467D2MdMLsfkSW/GXWSQYrqhWY9snsYmrexZtm5W6a3KKT3IOp5n1U5+tsgjVjtTrJbIzxmuku7P/v+nOw2ifTeCSfO1qBj8xgemwdIq/kf/MEf/Md//Ee1zUHFVxLgHsSVuEj8I4E43UZ0GHGhz+hxAk5vJotFw2Z0qEEwgk4l4x5EOlwIuAs1bzdsvY01dVMvTTuV34q7D9OPRrVqEyDSCTcUiJnvtB+mn76KXq0BM65n4rqoGR2mt9iueg/iH/7hH/77v//7hjVi80oEvv9AKBOqCMxIQL8EwBe9zqi9Biyq7iDUXa3ZorDuT9X3sS8Zx3TTgr+UOP02EN25pRsYdDPigwcPdEej/21dbqa/DdiC7GpygT/+4z/+13/91z/6oz+avCQUoHwB7kEsv40oIQIIDCkQdx82v559yGzYFwLlCXAPYnltUm6JCBDLbRtKhkDlApod1PnMCLorX7OA/hyophLjR7o1fZje6uDE+jnH+O1HfVJey3bp9GF8eDn7evbKtal+DQIEiDW08lB1ZIl5KEn2M5IAS34jQZeRjQJBfX+Hy5IuE0fgqOjQ32ijeUHd4xVpFET69ixFh/FbZ/rXK86xJK1QUh9z1obxu5FZvelvZXQESjGMwP79+//pn/7pT/7kT4bZHXvZaQECxJ1u3l2sHCfsXWzVcutEfyu3bSjZ6gI/+9nP/vEf/1Fh4uqbskV1AiwxV9fkVBgBBBBAoE4BXfDwydQ6m36NWhMgroHGJggggAACCMxPgHsQ59dm05WYAHE6e3JGAAEEEEBgRAECxBGxZ58VAeLsm5AKIIAAAggg0EdAASLfI9sHijQSIECkGyCAAAIIIFCFADOIVTTzQJUkQBwIkt0ggAACCCBQtgABYtntU1bpCBDLag9KgwACCCCAwJYECBC3BLuTuyVA3MlmpVIIIIAAAgjkAgSI9In+AgSI/a1IiQACCCCAwIwF+B7EGTfe6EUnQBydnAwRQAABBBCYQoAZxCnU55onAeJcW45yI4AAAgggsJIAAeJKXJUnJkCsvANQfQQQQACBWgT4HsRaWnqIehIgDqHIPhBAAAEEEChegBnE4puooAISIBbUGBQFAQQQQACB7QkQIG7Pdvf2TIC4e21KjRBAAAEEEGgRIECkW/QXIEDsb0VKBBBAAAEEZixAgDjjxhu96ASIo5OTIQIIIIAAAlMI8D2IU6jPNU8CxLm2HOVGAAEEEEBgJQFmEFfiqjwxAWLlHYDqI4AAAgjUIkCAWEtLD1FPAsQhFNkHAggggAACxQsQIBbfRAUVkACxoMagKAgggAACCGxPgC/K3p7t7u2ZAHH32pQaIYAAAggg0CLADCLdor8AAWJ/K1IigAACCCAwYwECxBk33uhFJ0AcnZwMEUAAAQQQmEKAAHEK9bnmSYA415aj3AgggAACCKwkwPcgrsRVeWICxMo7ANVHAAEEEKhFgBnEWlp6iHoSIA6hyD4QQAABBBAoXoAAsfgmKqiABIgFNQZFQQABBBBAYHsCBIjbs929PRMg7l6bUiMEEEAAAQRaBPgeRLpFfwECxP5WpEQAAQQQQGDGAswgzrjxRi86AeLo5GSIAAIIIIDAFAIEiFOozzVPAsS5thzlRgABBBBAYCUBAsSVuCpPTIBYeQeg+ggggAACtQjwPYi1tPQQ9SRAHEKRfSCAAAIIIFC8ADOIxTdRQQUkQCyoMSgKAggggAAC2xMgQNye7e7tmQBx99qUGiGAAAIIINAiQIBIt+gvQIDY34qUCCCAAAIIzFiAAHHGjTd60QkQRycnQwQQQAABBKYQ4Iuyp1Cfa54EiHNtOcqNAAIIIIDASgLMIK7EVXliAsTKOwDVRwABBBCoRYAAsZaWHqKeBIhDKLIPBBBAAAEEihfgexCLb6KCCkiAWFBjUBQEEEAAAQS2J8AM4vZsd2/PBIi716bUCAEEEEAAgRYBAkS6RX8BAsT+VqREAAEEEEBgxgIEiDNuvNGLToA4OjkZIoAAAgggMIUAAeIU6nPNkwBxri1HuRFAAAEEEFhJgABxJa7KExMgVt4BqD4CCCCAQC0CfFF2LS09RD0JEIdQZB8IIIAAAggUL8DX3BTfRAUVkACxoMagKAgggAACCGxPgCXm7dnu3p4JEHevTakRAggggAACLQIEiHSL/gIEiP2tSIkAAggggMCMBQgQZ9x4oxedAHF0cjJEAAEEEEBgCgECxCnU55onAeJcW45yI4AAAgggsJIAAeJKXJUnJkCsvANQfQQQQACBWgQIEGtp6SHqSYA4hCL7QAABBBBAoHgBvgex+CYqqIAEiAU1BkVBAAEEEEBgewJ8D+L2bHdvzwSIu9em1AgBBBBAAIEWAZaY6Rb9BQgQ+1uREgEEEEAAgRkLECDOuPFGLzoB4ujkZIgAAnUI6GRcR0Wp5WwECBBn01QFFJQAsYBGoAgIIIAAAghsX4AAcfvGu5MDAeLutCU1QQABBBBAYIkAASLdo78AAWJ/K1IigAACCCAwYwECxBk33uhFJ0AcnZwMEUAAAQQQmEKAAHEK9bnmSYA415aj3AgggAACCKwkoO9B/PLly0qbkLhaAQLEapueiiOAAAII1CXADGJd7b1ZbQkQN/NjawQQQAABBGYiQIA4k4YqopgEiEU0A4VAAAEEENhVgV/84heFVI0AsZCGmEUx9r5+/TqLghZeyH/5l3/58OHDOIX81a9+NU5Ga+ey1RL+1V/91d/8zd+sXTZtuNXibVIwbfs///M/G+7hH/7hH/78z/98w50s37xkwMHL9m//9m9/+qd/up7nX/zFX/zd3/1duu3gxVuvYEu2KryEhRdv0fCiYv/0pz8dvLHW2OE///M/Hzp0aI0N2aRCAQLEYRr94sWL//u//zvMvrr2UshAs6SYWy3hf/7nf/7+7/9+F9Ky93/yk59ssvlWt92cbvMAurOCmxeyM4u1ExRVNkWHihHTuhRVvFbkwktYePFE2lrC3/u93/uv//qvtXv1sBuWbzhsfdnb2gIEiGvT/WhDPho2jCN72ViArrgx4WA7YDlvMMqZ74ijcuYNWGnxuQex0oan2ggggAACCCCAwCIBAkT6BgIIIIAAAggggMCPl0bxQAABBBBAAAEEEEAgFWAGkf6AAAIIbEWA74jYCis7RQCBUQQIEEdhJhMEEEAAAQQQQGA+AgSI82krSooAAggggAACCIwiQIA4CjOZIIAAAggggAAC8xEgQJxPW1FSBBBAAAEEEEBgFAECxFGYyQQBBBBAAAEEEJiPAAHifNqKkiKAAAIIIIAAAqMIECCOwkwmCCCAAAIIIIDAfAQIEOfTVpQUAQQQQAABBBAYRYAAcRRmMkEAAQQQQAABBOYjQIA4n7aipAgggAACCCCAwCgCBIijMJMJAggggAACCCAwHwECxPm0FSVFAAEEEEAAAQRGESBAHIWZTBBAAAEEEEAAgfkIECDOp60oKQIIIIAAAgggMIoAAeIozGSCAAIIIIAAAgjMR4AAcT5tRUkRQAABBBBAAIFRBAgQR2EmEwQQQAABBBBAYD4CBIjzaStKigACCCCAAAIIjCJAgDgKM5kggAACCCCAAALzESBAnE9bUVIEEEAAAQQQQGAUAQLEUZjJBAEEEEAAAQQQmI8AAeJ82oqSIoAAAggggAACowgQII7CTCYIIIAAAggggMB8BAgQ59NWlBQBBBBAAAEEEBhFgABxFGYyQQABBBBAAAEE5iNAgDiftqKkCCCAAAIIIIDAKAIEiKMwkwkCCCCAAAIIIDAfAQLE+bQVJUUAAQQQmKHAn/3Zn82w1BS5doG9r1+/1m4wRP337dv35cuXIfbEPhDYSICuuBEfG29NYG9vb2v7ZsfzEyD2KL/NCBCHaSPOysM4speNBeiKGxOyg60IKEAkJtiK7Ax3SmeYRaOxxDyLZqKQCCCAAAIIIIDAeAIEiONZkxMCCCCAAAIIIDALAQLEWTQThUQAAQQQQAABBMYTIEAcz5qcEEAAAQQQQACBWQgQIM6imSgkAggggAACCCAwngAB4njW5IQAAggggAACCMxCgABxFs1EIRFAAAEEEEAAgfEECBDHsyYnBBBAAAEEEEBgFgIEiLNoJgqJAAIIIIAAAgiMJ0CAOJ41OSGAAAIIIIAAArMQIECcRTNRSAQQQAABBBBAYDwBAsTxrMkJAQQQQAABBBCYhQAB4iyaiUIigAACCCCAAALjCRAgjmdNTggggAACCCCAwCwECBBn0UwUEgEEEEAAAQQQGE+AAHE8a3JCAAEEEEAAAQRmIUCAOItmopAIIIAAAggggMB4AgSI41mTEwIIIIAAAgggMAsBAsRZNBOFRAABBBBAAAEExhMgQBzPmpwQQAABBBBAAIFZCBAgzqKZKCQCCCCAAAIIIDCeAAHieNbkhAACCCCwksCjR4/2fvM4evToStuumvjOnTvK6v3797Ghct8wU+1zwz30r8W5c+euXr2apdcrer3PTtYuqiqobftkQZp5CRAgzqu9KC0CCCBQi8CrV68uXrz47t27rz88zpw5M0Kw1YyxauH+TT3FngXKtQlQXwsQINITEEAAAQRKFHj9+vXZs2cPHz7swt29e1fBosKX7ZVV2T19+lQTh0Nlcf369bdv3w61tzX2I7QnT5702XDyovYpJGnGFCBAHFObvBBAAAEE+gocPHhQ4VoaEWoe8cSJE1rQjGXTdAlVL3qtU8vEsTAdM4JegY3X06XktEAPHz7UtGVrETV/6c0jgnRJ9PDr2mek8f5j3dYpm3tQmngxXaj1erce6aRpZNRz1Vg7D5+eRVWxT548qQ2PHDniKgRamqlnGfXoX5K+rU66YgQIEItpCgqCAAIIIJAIXLhw4cqVK4pXHIvEO+fPn1fg6H+fPXsWU3R6UW/pRS1GK85TNPny5ct79+5FLKjnXq3WTOG3337biq1M9W5zoVmRkHbrfSqCjLBVmd68edP7VFD14MGDRftXSr97+/ZtbeLcHTW6VDdu3HDoqb967rV1ZeogzOGjU6rKa0xz9imq5mtVQWWk3PVcmQaag0UXW41i4UuXLikl3XYnBQgQd7JZqRQCCCCwCwJaIXVIpMrEdJoCF4ViCtE8Y6cQSs/10Itej1b8pDhPTz59+qS/nz9/toXCTT9RskUziHpX0VsaVuoVJVZ09c033+i5pjAVC3733XfelTLVK96nXo/nzf1HSs2MOqjybiNYVPEUQep1/dVz10WZKo1SpvOpUcGV2rh/UWO39+/fVzjrfxULikVPHJtaWH+125WKQeK5CBAgzqWlKCcCCCBQr4DDRMVVjk4UFOoOxTdv3pw+ffrUqVN6rsfly5cNFKuijrdWfSjIU3yWTiI6xNy/f793FbdFrrrn1vQxRerwyw8997ypF3z1UCimWC0SLwlwBylV7ERzmS5JrLx//PiRoHBY5DL3RoBYZrtQKgQQQKB2Ac0OZgupiksUnchFQeHz589fvHhx/PjxAwcO6Lkeeq63FDkputI6qQJKTUCuh6gNvSLszR0axkzksMGZi+pHfKBEEWq8qCcOSfU5Er+odxUir1e1VbdSVJqWRJvHDOiquyL9vAQIEOfVXpQWAQQQqEVAM4KatYpoTIvImkH0XYaaTlMApxsQNdunh55r1dXLu+lj0Y2GfQR1j13c6ejlYy8rp8vNffazJI13e+vWLadRQOxpSy/mxsdcfP9l+nGcQ4cObe8bf2KiVJmqCTSD6OKpAM7Ui8u+J1IRPPcgbtgNit2cALHYpqFgCCCAQNUCmjBTlKZZw1hsjbk0uSi0Ch09jxk1RV3x0RZNNGpzrT6v4ehPq8SGmttTPKqSaIcqVTMYXSMLbaLdKrSNDyx7ytOrya64P62iF/2WU+rF1i+viYVpJ1tvptO3ePpTzGoCYXpv2nl8HkhF8tKzJllTpfUQ2KpMgT3f/MtjQ4F9+/Z9+fJlw52wOQKbC9AVNzdkD9sQUDDB6WYbsHPcJ51hFq3GDOIsmolCIoAAAggggAAC4wkQII5nTU4IIIAAAggggMAsBAgQZ9FMFBIBBBBAAAEEEBhPgABxPGtyQgABBBBAAAEEZiFAgDiLZqKQCCCAAAIIIIDAeAIEiONZkxMCCCCAAAIIIDALAQLEWTQThUQAAQQQQAABBMYTIEAcz5qcEEAAAQQQQACBWQgQIM6imSgkAggggAACCCAwngAB4njW5IQAAggggAACCMxCgABxFs1EIRFAAAEEEEAAgfEECBDHsyYnBBBAAAEEEEBgFgIEiLNoJgqJAAIIIIAAAgiMJ0CAOJ41OSGAAAIIIIAAArMQIECcRTNRSAQQQAABBBBAYDyBva9fv46X2+7mtG/fvi9fvuxu/ajZbAToirNpqsoKure3V1mNqe4yAWKP8vsHAeIwbcRZeRhH9rKxAF1xY0J2sGsCik0JRwZpVCQHYZzLTlhinktLUU4EEEAAAQQQQGAkAQLEkaDJBgEEEEAAAQQQmIsAAeJcWopyIoAAAggggAACIwkQII4ETTYIIIAAAggggMBcBAgQ59JSlBMBBBBAAAEEEBhJgABxJGiyQQABBBBAAAEE5iJAgDiXlqKcCCCAAAIIIIDASAIEiCNBkw0CCCCAAAIIIDAXAQLEubQU5UQAAQQQQAABBEYSIEAcCZpsEEAAAQQWCRw9evTVq1fxrp7rRzv0OHfuXLqJkvn19+/fx+t+5erVq+kr6d7qYYexnrYeoaYEiCMgkwUCCCCAwEIBhTXv3r1L37506dLDhw/1+3hv37599OiR37pz545S6sXbt29HOKgn+lcvPnv2zEGhkl25cuXEiRO1icNYW4tvu74EiNsWZv8IIIAAAu0CCv40+afIJn1bcZ7ixQsXLujFy5cvP3jwwO/ev39fgaOenD9//unTp55E1N+DBw/qiXby6dMnPblx48a1a9eqEoexquYerbIEiKNRkxECCCCAQC6gWPDu3bvpq4rzjhw54lcU/GkS0c+V8sCBA3py+PBh/f38+bOff/z4UU+UTO96+tAJqnrAWFVzj1NZAsRxnMkFAQQQQCAX0DRhM5hzwBcPrz6nNx36Lc8XKrjUlKGmIc+cOaNl5QqnD4UAI4fWNgQIELehyj4RQAABBEYS0A2IeihS9PShcvXHVvTvSCXYiWxg3IlmHLISBIhDarIvBBBAAIENBXxPYTy83NycaPRyc/rw9KE+tuIPuOjf5rzjhmWb0eYwzqixyiwqAWKZ7UKpEEAAgUoFFPnFh5q13BwfYVGk6GVlh3379+9PgeLuQ9+MqLeU3vcp1vmAsc52H7DWBIgDYrIrBBBAAIFNBfwNNf52m/jksp7rLkN/ovnx48dnz57N5hTj7sP4OLOizCyI3LRks9oexlk1V5GF9W0HPDYU0P0uG+6BzREYRICuOAgjOxlTwPOFL1++jEz13CdMBYJpSeLTzdokfV23HurhV2L20d+PqIf2M2Z1pspr24z1SE7VgqXl+31YU2TgOrNC7du378uXLzMrNMXdRQG64i62KnXaSMBXTRvtgo1/EECyqo7AEnNVzU1lEUAAAQQQQACBbgECxG4jUiCAAAIIIIAAAlUJDDDxrjnnqsio7HKBSZZy6IR0y1SATkh/mFxg5E7IGDh5ixdVgEG63zAB4iBFKQp31cL85V/+5d/+7d+uutXupZ/qDpWp8i2wBfU7tv70YrWPqTrDVPlW29AlV3z8zjB+jiX7V162oToDAWLlHWng6g/VL1ct1lT5rlpO0o8gMFVnmCrfEUjJYlWB8TvD+DmuakL60QSG6gzcgzhak5ERAggggAACCCAwDwECxHm0E6VEAAEEEEAAAQRGEyBAHI2ajBBAAAEEEEAAgXkIECDOo50oJQIIIIAAAgggMJoAAeL31FevXtVNndlDnwaNZtCPe8a7/p14PdIX/a7247eUprnDc+fO6S3tVm/Fz8/rFb2uV2K3o7U9GU0lkHWAKEb2uruKH+48ety5c8ev6EnW2dJOpd+xTXtg2rvc39JHn347lVUl+bpZ/evDbiA/jxEj2kivZI0bI1X0jWjctEs0xyslWzSUBbvzcmdrjpPp/hf16iX5Ri5pV886vNOkWTcrlR5BKZ230s4zsfQIWo5WSfebsJrNThVjXZTKR0T6epxhI41fcd9Ij6a0aou6QfOk7FeaJZkQapKsCRB/y57+Eqi+uCe+K0Q9OH73U6n1g/FpU8WPJ+p3P+/duxfDutJkvyL65MmT2FA7jBP8JA1PpuULnDx50j8v+/Dhw6dPn2Yd5vnz567Cmzdvsroo5cWLF+OHaLUT/YJt2jOVPrq0dq5+m+58Sb8tH21nSqgWbK2LG1et5pFHjat+kjZuvKUm1iM7yWU/9to6lKm3ROzYLEOMk3qi/aeR6xL8JfnGVvFjyu7wsWdVQV008lV6Fc/XPB6NHSJHoPzixQvv89mzZ/obI3kcES7M9evXI+vlaDvTqYqtSNqp0qZXgdXQekVP9DcudA8fPqzW1IvRSfzk1q1bnXVsdgP1EPW99KR86dIl7efmzZude9vtBASI3e2rUSZ+IV7Dytu3b1u3OX78uF7/+PFj9x5/SHHjxo2eKUlWoYDPdocOHdLfCxcuZOczdcgYLuN0aCWNoepaCvLi/Hf37l39uyjgOHbsmLaKcLNC6mKr3LyGdOPqZKYu4WKrcdU34t+0LjqJup+sWsEHDx5ok84rWAde21j6cHUc3in2VRV0Uo84zyOwAwIfIK9fv46/saEKplO+ev5K1V8bbaVcSLxIwK3spvfj8ePH+qs+H8/9usY3dW9dOaihNVqqk6itWw+EPto6jpTMJ2V1OfUc5Vj5F8qKggCxT+f5frolXddo3caDlMPEno+eF98990ay3RPQgNV6nvbEiecONZimZ0G/6CvgeJw+fVrP07smds9q92qk1s/CLzfuqVOntlpZnxfv37+/PBd3J3et7T18/XP+/Pk0C3V4B74ebz98+KC/ushRxOCpILl9/vx5hOJtr+Ls2QLuhw7gsutYzxd+++23fuI0az88Janx1hOHG+5t7WIUtSEB4m+bQys1rffuuPNp0Elv/IrNYhNf2afXHBrC0ju90mUgr/r56qeoDkFhChFQR3LYp34VC2pRNocIOnd6miQ9SXsO+8CBA2lFDh48qH8/ffrUrJ0v0NOAckm/LQSnhmL4dKWTX1rZ1sZdpKEAzhMhaYLWe0+be4g1k+ZbMU7qiZKlC7VL2qVnvt6Dh8rLly/rr0dITeylO/e/eiudcFK/1YWTDw1F0s0rdh9K8Wgde1vRauhvhdQxbXo3cfRhXxWkrab5Qr2o06heVz/POsmiGi3qBp6S1LvK0UcfDwLE3/aB9B7EdB1ZvVBvOZ16TzaVGPfW+F6u9I6f7F6ubPY7rn7ohQi0Cuim1Ti7a+TKphLVuzR36CmlleatnZfvM9NDXVpdN+2cy/stjTWOgObMfA3ZGtYvKYPuJXDL+h7WbCIkvRdwvTmSGCd9j+OSuxXTQvbJV5V1yVUFlbxn6KnuqmJ4OlPRoW+Z0LWTZ5v2798fxchuPkvjieVo47R4zbnEVYdvno6m9+Wrg35fxPqVeEQf7t+Zl3QD31zR/7Jn55uMALFXE+s6VQOcrypiMMq21ClWHWvRHYrNbNKrn16FIFF9Ar7DzNM52ZKfZg3VFbUaonfTeevWycLmzJPP7hb1OZVHaQI+XaU3jy6ZCY7C+/MW7jNrL0ZH31hiogDLFzBDLYPEh1RU/jjfx2RhWpJ0WtEJfL2tnuybCHXtpKFYT3rOKg2CVlr/mVF5fNXhAqeXux70fPnaere023fJhPdKCL6c6LydbKV9zjoxAeIKzafLmmFnnvmQ1Ar6FSf1qS4D8DCqE3n2sXoPo44t4uFxNrvnWmOrzosDDq8VN9FWqh63GcTeY3qsMz/f5q/gco0bTx1+eYV38odj3HTeyB9rjftunUCvRDioI8LXP9mh0VmXTdA6d06CTgGv1Gk20T3Q68t64nllj4HZKnPnPkmwiQABYoeev10pFo69bNH64SbfvLLSkORP12/Sfmy7qwLpV3l5oMy6VnTCbJbIXwCRfi2Ov6fJsWD28DS2XuTzUmV2pGzhzI2rpdgI+/w1ctl3GKku8T0g2ceV+lTTnaHPCq9K0n+Wrk/Wi7qoboSIKvtACJmY/44DJI6IVSdQN0Fbr3ZslQrECdE90FcF8Q1EsYiXrTJjuD0BAsTf2qYfUonPo2jI0GVN3LavJ9niS9zyrM11rk0H9Oxm/9abda5du7a91mXPxQr45q14ND+qrNOzLh58a5TOwVnXcr0c2zUXiLWtOm3ci62zuLJb9AUQ7rFpzNGn3xYLu2MFi2XcqJcaV6fMGKz8BYGtjeub7tX0ae9Ke52ep/OL8ZY6QKz3NT3TcVLvpjfVLOnVS/LtbDLdjKuwOPJVehUv1o69pqwXIxyMIyI7NLJPJ7R+DXIrWmcJSTCUgIcj9UBd83jdI21EL5v0/E6uuK/UfS9K2KcbDFWdue9nb8lA0LNuot98Jz3zIlnhAlN1hqnyLbw56izeVJ1hqnzrbOXCaz1+Zxg/x8KboObiDdUZmEGsuRdRdwQQQAABBBBAoEWAAJFugQACCCCAAAIIIPAjAQJEOgQCCCCAAAIIIIAAASJ9AAEEEEAAAQQQQGCxADOI9A4EEEAAAQQQQAABZhDpAwgggAACCCCAAALMINIHEEAAAQQQQAABBHoKsMTcE4pkCCCAAAIIIIBALQIEiLW0NPVEAAEEEEAAAQR6ChAg9oQiGQIIIIAAAgggUIsAAWItLU09EUAAAQQQQACBngIEiD2hSIYAAggggAACCNQiQIBYS0tTTwQQQAABBBBAoKcAAWJPKJIhgAACCCCAAAK1CBAg1tLS1BMBBBBAAAEEEOgpQIDYE4pkCCCAAAIIIIBALQIEiLW0NPVEAAEEEEAAAQR6ChAg9oQiGQIIIIAAAgggUIsAAWItLU09EUAAAQQQQACBngIEiD2hSIYAAggggAACCNQiUGOA+P79+70fP65evRoNfu7cufTfWjoC9RxXgE44rje5tQjQCekWEwrQ/SbE75l1jQGiaV6+fPn1N49nz54NGBQq+Hz06FHPBiBZzQJ0wppbv5C60wkLaYg6i0H3K7nd6w0Q01ZRgHjv3j1d0OjFJ0+e3L17t+Q2o2w7KUAn3MlmnVel6ITzaq8dKy3dr7QGJUD8vkUOHz585MiRx48f63ksMfuJpgP1RK+n8+GvXr2KhtS7Xq/2HOTRo0f19+LFi55E1F+/69f9cGL9vXPnTrrbmHfUPvVWaX2F8mxVgE64VV523keATthHiTRbEqD7bQl27d0SIP6aLg3gQlMXNFqF1pyiXlEEefv2bf2rKfGTJ096utFBoVeqlVgR3tu3b/XKw4cPL1y4oDhSkeK7d+/0rvbvQDMeevH69etnzpxRYu9Wif2uctRbazcqG85UgE4404bbpWLTCXepNWdXF7pfUU1GgLisORS9+W3P7TloO3HiREw3amH60qVLTqPQUEFhurvvvvvu7NmzuirSizdv3nz69KnDSj1OnTrlJzoe9JZ3qzCxqM5BYUoQoBOW0AqVl4FOWHkHmLb6dL+p/AkQfy2v8O7gwYPLmyE++qxJwUh54MCBRVspHHR0qMf+/ftbk3l60nvOphin6hPkO5UAnXAqefINATohnWFCAbrfhPjNrAkQvzfRWrBivmPHji1vm/jUs1eHnfjTp0+LtlJ0GFOGnz9/XpRMh4T3rClGbj0s6vAYszB0wjG1yatVgE5Ix5hQgO43IX5r1gSI37NomfjKlSsx29eU8tqxozd/rMSLztrqwYMHTh+fbtECtF/55ptvYlk5XW5O959+J4427JzFLK0DUZ6hBOiEQ0myn7UF6IRr07Hh5gJ0v80NB95DOiu23nMVaL0Np9oqXSC2puK8KIzuGvS/8cRvpVv50yp+KJl3oid+RZvrX3/0RH/9roK/2CTezXYbxdCu0iymgloj36k6w1T5rkHU7E50wrUZWzecqjNMle/aeoyEa9N1bjh+Zxg/x06E5QnofhsCLtl8qM6wpzw2DDk1B7b5TjYsA5sXIjBVZ5gq30LYKUYqMFVnmCpfWr9AgfE7w/g5FshOkSwwVGdgiZkehQACCCCAAAIIIPAjAQJEOgQCCCCAAAIIIIAAASJ9AAEEEEAAAQQQQGCxADOI9A4EEEAAAQQQQAABZhDpAwgggAACCCCQCOhrCPXhhvjuXr2j727LXknB/I1v2qq54bCuS/av75uLH7DwL9+W8IjvvCuhMJuUYR4ziNERo6rqE2lv0HP/DEnWMO5YTtn8NWQlXvLF1LFPZ6qU6aGy5NjwQfXLX/4y/Y5D70T71IuLGiwrfJY4DhKVJPvBSu0zfcVF9YNv3t7k8GgdDemE6vx0wqH6lY/r7LHhzn3W1E7iSbRXs+FWyqt188ilc1drRxLZaJxlpNEvHeg0kKbjYRMhPYSdsjkya4eV/7SVTPQ9vvqKkiXfENzZ4ltNoDa6ePGivi7HX/iicWnCGHHtvr1Vog13Po8AUR1UXw0Yv1miltDXCj579iwqr55x+vTpzEIvnjx5Ul8oePfuXb+l7u4vuO7z0Ndc6zdOIuXz58+V6Zs3b/yKfxlFP6Cc7SoOqp///OfKWt03EqjY+u3m5pc/RQJ9TWh69aYKKkdt5QSqvv5tHqsa4IQTRVUBbty4Ed+QdP/+fWLEPs3dmYZOSCfs7CRrJ4iTnL9atYbQpHn9vLbe5cuXP3z4EJtrnNfzGEs/fvwY31abZpGNnHprwvBi7bpvaUOdKJefrdJ8dR4cP45U++pM9/Llyzgn6kSvMqfn0C3hdO5Wv6AbUUdn4pITzCNAlKDivxcvXpjy9evXGhH0JIInjQjHjx/PoPUL3/rq6fhNPL2rYSKN2JY3jDq9Ru3obcri1q1b8bspKkNz0MkOKmWtkC4GHW2ukHHJ1Zh+689DW4xuqqZ+gsWvqPrxm+VRcu/cP+hskOyoVoF1FJXcBWdUNjohnXCE7qoLxRgH1stOv/y06LtpNSil173r7T/bakl2WcotRRIa/GO+QGOgRmYNlY8fP3buurZvTh9kI6fPDho845wyiMxMdyIEnSjT2EsVSRemMqWYPFPMHVMwcQHg1TafSWNFuLkI5kn0dM+e1tUjToKppyZrdHpN52h0bk3jVC/lpctoqkLsU7vyW06TXhvEi3GdplJ5BTJKGDv3VL1no/RERdLzdDEwcowsYmGzmXVpHWY2AWI6BOiA178KnhSlOSrKOope9CpDFsVr5NUo0P8yUYk9ZehBR+NgDNwqg/aWNmfrQaX4zIOODgyNy2m02uwK6t8xZah8NcadP38+Bj490aRmupX6sXaeDvcOW9MY1CNyad1upuWhE9IJx++62anIZ1kNbnHi0fASaXx+XbLmm64Rp6vbcSWcxgE9KxvZeYexB70ehXTckEYS+ldRiF9P7yRLM42V9+UlSS/mNQYqHNRQqSHaW2nQ1kC6fOTUuxo2dQGfjeo9BXYpmRbHFOvoN8DS2EsNFwtTmnbRZEdrlXVS9jyOT8p+rnOZz0o+RXqyPL3jS8/9y2HKVFlHKKmzW6wdN7PTxHAWZaZpfJb3b5Wp5BG2egIlzolRKb3upTaljBd1bo1oQVupb2hDsTily6Zq6l/VTvG0XlSy9PyrtzRmOmVk4XIeOnRIL2qrQmY9Wxt0NgFiOgTogNe/Olt7CNCIkE2tqVHVtDGvltbcs9A9LxNjxsiDjvajju5tVQZN+MWeWw8qvaty6nBSx9KBEbOPS0YTVcRRrw6tU6dOuavpgNFDPS89Yt2PswVrrbMUe7/IDoyhdEI64QjdWANFrE40T0UugBpC44NOMBpedE71qWvJmbtZbM95xC+C+hfkszig/7V0tn8VxjfY+Cyo5zdv3kzT+LJWueuqOy6tnTLO+op6/eujqqwG7eXycTHv6QMdqr6Yd6SSjoqtI6d37gv4yu/J8UyY2i5dq00nGvT6oknouITWWUxBpGc3dC7z2VMTgTF/of6gBtKu1EBqX0fw6gxqLE/96ijwj9bqkXWePsegOoxjfTW99hMn36wzxG/hquM5nEjzVRXSjhdnfPWTiC5U+PT2hqxsusXLq516KAv9Gwlc5f379+uv71gr8DGbAFF26lty9GSe/o0hQM2jsTJw1aK+Smgd3dxdFl0AZS2k7u6DxIOOnqijq+vrxayftR5U3ptCUhVGmTZvWGx2CFXEvU2HlrujQkZdgani6Yq2dui18uaic4GdbJeKRCeM1qQTDtixNZ7EbFl6cbvkVKSzqQqgCEzbxvP+y8c6DceG3lyRk09XjpA0cK13H5XPfAcPHtRfh1x6vuTea8cNHh61rVJqkNcYqwDCayYetJdra2TWlJLSePrA5wvtR7dup4NkZ6fVqaHye3IclHuZPjXvM5sbl9A6Y+r8pVhf7ahzmbuEnkek7p6mhz9aEK/H5YF6svr2kkZXp2reieHztf8eOHDAmy/fT2ThYyfNN/aQFSOdem+9vTUdJH0gxBGxvBuX9u6cAkQHZzGZF0NAxFJpq3jmtvUjKRr1en5aJWLQGHQ8ben137QtFx1UTqOBuGcf1UGl6rh/+5hRyKgrsLTW3qcv/bM4WLmkn91xyhJu2i2t369dHjphSkcnXLsjZRt62ctRVHr52v9UtEZJlF121vdKmSIkv97/I31r5J5uogHWOXoiUw/PqUQY0bl/j8wxfaD0PlS9FNPZaSOBYuWVbkPqLNjsEly7dk1l1gxZenLRNYOaxkulzRs60zp6KldhlvqSHp4O9LlMf+NkFHNmDsLi9bjCUaS4ZGZOm3gCJVsMVCHVaZ1dfKp1+X6i8I5N03xjD1kj6gj1Gb/z9i2Vx9ctesSTGXWJOQWIHgJiMs9DQHb9oRfVcuofiu28xtEaHunE1vPTKuruOjbiKkG7VQ9WS2eDTutBtUY/cM/WQRUBqA4DVUFdPP0UTlz6Z3Gw0qQfrPGBl34Ueo0isUkqQCcMDTrh4IeG4zMNTXHa638qWqMwccr3qc7ziF5M1MOD5DiXlxpgnakfKsOqS2++mE8vpHWoathU+dN7gRZ12lTPtyHFLYxrwO7GJosmWZbPsGphVyvCPn/pLKnEscaq+WAvK+utWG5Ww8WycrrcrP3EzXmtK36+ZzTuWdQ+dU+CPyrgMCCWlWO5udkusXitcnpJ2vk6Zbrc3NqmKnDMYrZezKjusaycLjfPpYfMKUB0cKZHrNVqCFATRv/L0LW60ZwndxpfJvb5qKBi0OxDcLrC0Cvuhc3HkpnLnn1Ch5b2HwGoDgNfVLWuUGdxsG95jKtwbeWPcvdZ3e5ZvMqT0QmbHYBOOOBBEXctZ/tMT0WDZOfF3PSzI/4snT+VqYendrZ3T3MMU44b0o/XeC1SQ7QjA/3beQ+ikil9On0gSS2neB6rs9OmCRx59Dk7DNIQxe4kjmv1Cp1MY75Z57hsGiKtgsJxvesVM4fmMbWhHeqqw3dTqGniNj6d4DxprWgvPjqtM6xawYkXzVmqVJHG/Tb26bsjPC2tNIvO1zo/Zmmcr1/UHlrvslBYqQ6pBP5mEq/aqduotP4Uc4CohJGFniz/lKpuilv7rt9t9aL0um295yrZehuusZWGgOxaU7mrS8Wu9G7M/cYMsC+U9dcrYn54NccfnvJzr/JkD380Kc1Cm6RliM8uxYZKoE3SvJS1M4qHj5NWAd82mxZGNUor5UMi3dYTnLFJer9OprGG+UqbjNkZ0oKNmS+dUPJ0wuZxsV4nbA4g2rPDHT3xu/43zD1EuABpQzQTRMp4K00fO0/HKw9ffqTjXmSXnYqUReSS1iUtZGsCD1PxKZnWTCOIjFF3ycjpkmcDYzrwLum02RirnSjr7FxT+Ei4XvdbqVI7ljg7TZdQu6HO10N1hj0PRps8FEdvvpNNCjDItlpH1iX19i6Xm4XUtcJ694APUt8t7WSqzjBVvsMy0gkH8ZyqM0yV7yBoM9rJLEbO8TvD+DnOqM+0FlVi/hx9IRXR+O8P4G9enqE6w5yWmDdXW7IHrU2MGR1qPaXnx1a2Wmt2XpQAnbCo5qAwBQowchbYKBRpEAEtQA8SHQ5SGO9kgMm/oWLVAWvFrqYSmKozTJXvVM7ku0Rgqs4wVb50hgIFxu8M4+dYIDtF+nVgN9C6LjOI9CgEEEAAAQQQQACBHwkQINIhEEAAAQQQQAABBAgQ6QMIIIAAAgggULyAvlcu/fFDfdlh+hPM8cVM+uiS3ora6LtmtObuV7JN9EqJXyhTZEMwg1hks1AoBBBAAAEEqhfQ9xynP4Xi76eM7xrUj1a0/tidvqVIXxmT/mJy5T+xvV4/IkBcz42tEEAAAQQQQGC7Avrml/j9WP+Uor5x2r/gp0f2MxZ+0T+pkn6LnP7Vd3GP87NA2+UYd+8EiON6kxsCCCCAAAII9BPQN7/ED7f4pxT10zvxQ4iaUNQXGKd70vKxfpol5g79lrbShGJxv1PST2DCVASIE+KTNQIIIIAAAggsE9D835s3bzxf6K+S9kKzJhS1lJx+gbHWkfUjeP5x2uyhCUVt5d+W5NFTgACxJxTJEEAAAQQQQGBsAc3/6V5D5aoIz18lrZBR0eGnT5+03Byl0btaR9a/6adV0rLqtxb1M8pjl37O+REgzrn1KDsCCCCAAAI7LaBZQ80d+gZEV1Qho5abX7x4cerUqbTq+jVwrUcrUmz9SIp+qkSJ+bRK/85CgNjfipQIIIAAAgggMKqA15R9A6IzVsiojzbrQyfHjh2Loih8VEqtOOsXljWVqICyWcoHDx7waZX+jUeA2N+KlAgggAACCCAwtoCCP9+A6IwVCOqjzYoF0xsQo0wXLlzQR1JOnjzZLKU21Fu+hZFHpwABYicRCRBAAAEEEEBgMgHNHcYNiC6Evi770KFDiwqkj6To8yv6ruxmgvTrbyarz0wy3vv69euGReU3wjcE3KXNp+oMU+W7S223M3WZqjNMle/ONNwuVWT8zjB+jrvUXjtWl6E6AzOIO9YxqA4CCCCAAAIIILCpAAHipoJsjwACCCCAAAII7JgAAeKONSjVQQABBBBAAAEENhUgQNxUkO0RQAABBBBAAIEdEyBA3LEGpToIIIAAAggggMCmAgSImwqyPQIIIIAAAgggsGMCBIg71qBUBwEEEEAAAQQQ2FSAAHFTQbZHAAEEEEAAAQR2TIAAcccalOoggAACCCCAAAKbChAgbirI9ggggAACCCCAwI4JECDuWINSHQQQQAABBBBAYFOBYX6LedNSsP0OCWz+695rYLT+KPsa+2GT3RCgE+5GO866FiN3QsbAWfeWwQs/SPcbIEAcvGLsEAEEEEAAAQQQQGBCAZaYJ8QnawQQQAABBBBAoEQBAsQSW4UyIYAAAggggAACEwoQIE6IT9YIIIAAAggggECJAgSIJbYKZUIAAQQQQAABBCYUIECcEJ+sEUAAAQQQQACBEgUIEEtsFcqEAAIIIIAAAghMKECAOCE+WSOAAAIIIIAAAiUKECCW2CqUCQEEEEAAAQQQmFCAAHFCfLJGAAEEEEAAAQRKFCBALLFVKBMCCCCAAAIIIDChAAHihPhkjQACCCCAAAIIlChAgFhiq1AmBBBAAAEEEEBgQgECxAnxyRoBBBBAAAEEEChRgACxxFahTAgggAACCCCAwIQCBIgT4pM1AggggAACCCBQogABYomtQpkQQAABBBBAAIEJBQgQJ8QnawQQQAABBBBAoEQBAsQSW4UyIYAAAggggAACEwoQIE6IT9YIIIAAAggggECJAgSIJbYKZUIAAQQQQAABBCYUIECcEJ+sEUAAAQQQQACBEgUIEEtsFcqEAAIIIIAAAghMKECAOCE+WSOAAAIIIIAAAiUKECCW2CqUCQEEEEAAAQQQmFCAAHFCfLJGAAEEEEAAAQRKFCBALLFVKBMCCCCAAAIIIDChAAHihPhkjQACCCCAAAIIlChAgFhiq1AmBBBAAAEEEEBgQgECxAnxyRoBBBBAAAEEEChRgACxxFahTAgggAACCCCAwIQCBIgT4pM1AggggAACCCBQogABYomtQpkQQAABBBBAAIEJBQgQJ8QnawQQQAABBBBAoEQBAsQSW4UyIYAAAggggAACEwoQIE6IT9YIIIAAAggggECJAgSIJbYKZUIAAQQQQAABBCYUIECcEJ+sEUAAAQQQQACBEgUIEEtsFcqEAAIIIIAAAghMKECAOCE+WSOAAAIIIIAAAiUKECCW2CqUCQEEEEAAAQQQmFCAAHFCfLJGAAEEEEAAAQRKFCBALLFVKBMCCCCAAAIIIDChAAHihPhkjQACCCCAAAIIlChAgFhiq1AmBBBAAAEEEEBgQgECxAnxyRoBBBBAAAEEEChRgACxxFahTAgggAACCCCAwIQCBIgT4pM1AggggAACCCBQogABYomtQpkQQAABBBBAAIEJBQgQJ8QnawQQQAABBBBAoEQBAsQSW4UyIYAAAggggAACEwoQIE6IT9YIIIAAAggggECJAgSIJbYKZUIAAQQQQAABBCYUIECcEJ+sEUAAAQQQQACBEgUIEEtsFcqEAAIIIIAAAghMKECAOCE+WSOAAAIIIIAAAiUKECCW2CqUCQEEEEAAAQQQmFCAAHFCfLJGAAEEEEAAAQRKFCBALLFVKBMCCCCAAAIIIDChAAHihPhkjQACCCCAAAIIlChAgFhiq1AmBBBAAAEEEEBgQgECxAnxyRoBBBBAAAEEEChRgACxxFahTAgggAACCCCAwIQCBIgT4pM1AggggAACCCBQogABYomtQpkQQAABBBBAAIEJBf4/48yzgY55rckAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

* * *

Annex B

S/n| Date of Transfer| Paid by| Amount in RM 3

##### Foot Note 3

× Rounded to the nearest RM. |  Amount – US$/S$ 4

##### Foot Note 4

× Rounded to the nearest dollar. | TT Form Signatory| Defendant’s Case  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| 23 Jan 2001| Lismore| N/A| US$ 75,000| WKN| Gifts from WKN  
2| 26 Jan 2001| Lismore| N/A| US$ 75,000| WKN| Gifts from WKN  
3| 03 Jul 2002| Esben| N/A| US$ 50,000| WKN| Directors fee/dividends/gifts  
4| 23 Oct 2002| Incredible Power| N/A| US$ 350,000| WKN and WKY| Logging &
transportation services  
5| 23 Oct 2002| Rayley| N/A| US$ 350,000| WKN and WKY| Logging &
transportation services  
6| 11 Feb 2003| Rayley| N/A| US$ 110,026| WKN and WKY| Gifts from WKN  
7| 29 Aug 2003| Incredible Power| N/A| US$ 263,852| WKN and WKY | Gifts from WKN  
8| 13 Jan 2004| Esben| N/A| US$ 120,000| WKN and WKY | Gifts from WKN  
9| 21 Jun 2004| Esben| 1,000,000| US$ 263,852| WKN and WKY | Gifts from WKN  
10| 02 Aug 2004| Esben| 1,000,000| US$ 263,852| WKN and WKY | Gifts from WKN  
11| 29 Oct 2004| Esben| 2,800,000| US$ 736,997| WKN and WKY | Gifts from WKN  
12| 05 Nov 2004| Incredible Power| 5,000,000| US$ 1,319,260| WKN and WKY | Gifts from WKN  
13| 13 Jan 2005| Rayley| 2,100,000| US$ 552,632| WKN and WKY | Gifts from WKN  
14| 28 Apr 2005| Incredible Power| N/A| US$ 1,000,000| WKN and WKY | Logging & transportation services  
15| 22 Jul 2005| Incredible Power| 2,000,000| US$ 527,705| WKN and WKY|
Logging & transportation services  
16| 08 Aug 2005| Lismore| 1,000,000| US$ 263,852| WKN and WKY | Directors fee/dividends/gifts  
17| 29 Aug 2005| Incredible Power| 2,502,885| US$ 660,392| WKN and WKY|
Logging & transportation services  
18| 23 Sep 2005| Incredible Power| 2,700,000| US$ 710,526| WKN| Gifts from WKN  
19| 16 Mar 2006| Esben| 5,350,069| US$ 1,443,390| WKN and WKY | Logging & transportation services  
20| 31 Aug 2006| Esben| 3,500,000| US$ 951,225| WKN and WKY| Logging &
transportation services  
21| 05 Sep 2006| Esben| 2,517,000| US$ 684,153| WKN and WKY| Logging &
transportation services  
22| 30 Oct 2006| Esben| N/A| US$ 150,000| WKY| Management consultancy services  
23| 29 Jan 2007| Esben| N/A| US$ 493,193| WKN and WKY| Logging &
transportation services  
24| 29 Jan 2007| Esben| N/A| US$ 76,169| WKN and WKY| Logging & transportation
services  
25| 29 Jan 2007| Rayley| N/A| US$ 1,000,000| WKN and WKY| Logging &
transportation services  
26| 22 May 2007| Esben| 3,000,000| US$ 884,277| WKN| Logging & transportation
services  
27| 22 May 2007| Esben| 1,993,336| US$ 587,554| WKN| Management consultancy
services  
28| 22 May 2007| Esben| 533,336| US$ 157,205| WKN| Management consultancy
services  
29| 29 May 2007| Incredible Power| 500,000| US$ 147,379| WKN| Provision of
timber logs  
30| 20 Jun 2007| Esben| 375,382| US$ 110,648| WKN| Logging & transportation
services  
31| 20 Jun 2007| Esben| 266,664| US$ 78,601| WKN| Management consultancy
services  
32| 20 Jun 2007| Incredible Power| 1,002,005| US$ 295,350| WKN| Provision of
timber logs  
33| 30 Oct 2007| Lismore| 1,996,557| SG$ 867,704| WKN | Provision of timber logs  
34| 14 Nov 2007| Esben| N/A| US$ 500,000| WKN | Management consultancy services  
35| 26 Nov 2007| Incredible Power| 4,243,070| SG$ 1,825,581| WKN| Logging &
transportation services  
36| 26 Nov 2007| Incredible Power| 1,944,978| SG$ 836,827| WKN | Management consultancy services  
37| 27 Jun 2008| Rayley| N/A| SG$ 654,272| WKN and WKY| Logging &
transportation services  
37| 27 Jun 2008| Rayley| N/A| SG$ 488,718| WKN and WKY| Management consultancy
services  
38| 28 Jul 2008| Esben| N/A| US$ 179,456| WKN| Directors fee/dividends/gifts  
39| 30 Oct 2008| Lismore| 1,970,917.22| US$ 316,326| WKN | Logging & transportation services  
39| 30 Oct 2008| Lismore| US$ 231,724| WKN | Management consultancy services  
40| 26 May 2009| Esben| 1,159,059| US$ 341,609| WKN| Logging & transportation
services  
41| 27 May 2009| Esben| 950,001| US$ 279,993| WKN | Management consultancy services  
42| 10 Feb 2010| Esben| 1,593,442| US$ 465,646| WKN| Logging & transportation
services  
43| 10 Feb 2010| Esben| 540,000| US$ 157,802| WKN | Management consultancy services  
44| 10 Feb 2010| Lismore| 810,000| US$ 236,704| WKN | Management consultancy services  
45| 26 Jul 2010| Esben| N/A| US$ 200,000| WKN | Logging & transportation services  
46| 15 Oct 2010| Esben| N/A| US$ 150,000| WKN and WKY| Management consultancy
services  
47| 14 Apr 2011| Esben| N/A| US$ 546,984| WKN| Logging & transportation
services  
47| 14 Apr 2011| Esben| N/A| US$ 566,666| WKN| Management consultancy services  
48| 24 Oct 2011| Esben| 1,000,704| US$ 340,375|  WKY | Logging & transportation services  
49| 24 Oct 2011| Incredible Power| 1,000,002| US$ 340,137|  WKY | Management consultancy services  
50| 29 Nov 2012| Esben| 2,000,000| US$ 336,527| WKY | Logging & transportation services  
50| 29 Nov 2012| Esben| US$ 336,527| WKY | Management consultancy services  
  
**Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (delivered by Henry
Bernard Eder IJ):**

Outcome:__ The Singapore International Commercial Court dismisses the
plaintiffs’ claims in unjust enrichment, dishonest assistance, knowing receipt
and unlawful means conspiracy .

Background facts

1 Wong Kie Nai (“WKN”), Wong Kie Chie (“WKC”), and Wong Kie Yik (“WKY”) were
the sons of the founder of the WTK Group of companies. The plaintiffs’ case
was that WKN had handled the day to day management of a number of companies,
including the plaintiffs, until his death in March 2013. According to the
plaintiffs, following WKN’s death, WKY and WKC discovered that 50 separate
payments had been made from the plaintiffs’ various bank accounts to the
defendant on the instructions of WKN between January 2001 and November 2012
(“the 50 Payments”). These payments amounted in total to US$20,278,565.41 and
S$4,473,100.52. Notably, 25 of the 50 telegraphic transfer forms authorising
the 50 Payments bore WKY’s initials or signature, either on its own or
together with WKN’s signature.

2 The plaintiffs asserted that WKY and WKC were unaware of the 50 Payments to
the defendant, that the defendant did not provide any consideration to the
plaintiffs for those payments, that the plaintiffs did not receive any benefit
from the defendant for those payments, and that the payments had not been in
the plaintiffs’ interests. On 20 November 2017, the plaintiffs commenced the
present suit, bringing claims in (a) unjust enrichment; (b) dishonest
assistance; (c) knowing receipt; and (d) unlawful means conspiracy.

3 The defendant admitted that he had received all 50 payments, but denied any
wrongdoing either on his part or on the part of WKN, who was his father. He
thus denied any liability to the plaintiffs. Further, the defendant’s case was
that both WKY and WKC had actual knowledge, or ought to have known of most, if
not all, of the 50 Payments when they were made. The defendant’s position was
that the claims were time-barred and/or barred by the doctrine of laches
and/or the doctrine of acquiescence. Alternatively, the defendant’s case was
that the plaintiffs failed to satisfy the legal burden of proof, particularly
as, on the plaintiffs’ own case, all of its witnesses had absolutely no
involvement in the plaintiffs’ business prior to March 2013, and that they
therefore had no knowledge as to the purpose of the 50 Payments. The defendant
also claimed that the 50 Payments comprised of:

  1. 36 payments made on behalf of the WTK Group for goods and/or services which were provided by companies controlled by the defendant and his mother (“the 36 payments”);
  2. three payments were directors’ fees and/or shareholder dividends for the defendant’s directorships and shareholding within the WTK Group or in the alternative were gifts made by WKN (“the three payments”); and
  3. 11 payments which were gifts from WKN to the defendant, the defendant’s mother, or his sister (“the 11 payments”).

4 The defendant did not give evidence at trial despite there being no
suggestion that the defendant was unfit or otherwise unable to attend the
trial and give evidence. It was undisputed that his non-attendance was the
result of his own deliberate decision. The plaintiffs therefore argued that
the court should draw the adverse inference that the defendant had been lying
about the reasons for his receipt of the payments and that the 50 Payments
were not made for the reasons asserted by the defendant. The plaintiffs also
contended that, with regard to the 36 payments, even if the defendant could
make out on his case that such payments were made to him for the reasons he
asserted, these would not afford him a defence because such defence is
premised on an arrangement that involved illegal acts under Malaysian law,
which the court would not recognise.

**The Court’s decision**

5  _Time-bar_ : in determining whether the plaintiffs’ claims were time-barred
or if the limitation period had been postponed by virtue of s 29(1) of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) and on the assumption that there had
been a relevant fraud, the primary question was whether WKY could with
reasonable diligence have discovered the fraud (at **[108]** and **[110]**).
This was ultimately a factual issue to be determined in the light of Singapore
law and not any rights or obligations WKY or WKC might have had under BVI law
or Liberian law (at **[115]**). On the assumption that the 50 Payments were
made fraudulently, the plaintiffs had not discharged the burden on them to
show that WKY could not with reasonable diligence have discovered the alleged
fraud prior to March 2011. Even after March 2011, when WKN went to Australia,
WKY did not avail himself of the opportunity of looking at the plaintiffs’
records even though he claimed he was keen to know about the plaintiffs’
business. The evidence also showed that WKY was involved to some extent at
least in the business operations of the relevant companies and could with
reasonable diligence have accessed the plaintiffs’ bank statements and other
documents, and, if he had done so, discovered the 50 Payments to the defendant
(at **[123]**). In the absence of any clear authority to the contrary, the
plaintiffs’ submission that the time-bar defence must fail if and to the
extent that WKY was not put on inquiry of a possible fraud prior to April 2013
was not accepted (at **[126]**). In any event, WKN’s conduct would have been
sufficient to put WKY on inquiry and arouse at least some suspicion on the
part of WKY to satisfy any precondition that might exist for the purposes of s
29 of the Limitation Act (at **[127]**). As such, all of the plaintiffs’
claims were time-barred apart from the claim in respect of Payment No 50 (at
**[128]**).

6  _Unjust enrichment_ : it was undisputed that WKN caused the plaintiffs to
make the payments to the defendant personally. The main questions were (a)
whether the payments were _bona fide_ in the plaintiffs’ interests and/or (b)
whether the other directors/shareholders consented to them (at **[137]**). The
legal burden was on the plaintiffs to show that the payments were not _bona
fide_ in the interests of the plaintiffs, and, as they had done so on a _prima
facie_ standard, the evidential burden shifted to the defendant to provide a
satisfactory explanation as to why they were not “unjust”, in particular, why
it would be wrong to conclude that they were not in the plaintiffs’ interests
or otherwise illegitimate (at **[140]** and**[141]**).

  1. There was insufficient evidence to support the defendant’s case that the 11 payments were gifts by WKN derived from monies which WKN was entitled to receive as directors’ fees or dividends (at **[148]**). The fact WKY signed eight of the TT forms did not assist the defendant in discharging the evidential burden on him as the court was unable to reach a conclusion as to whether or not, when he signed the forms, they were blank, or if WKY was in fact aware of the payments to the defendant (at **[149]**). It was appropriate to draw an adverse inference that the 11 payments were not made as gifts from monies which WKN was entitled to receive by way of directors’ fees or as shareholder dividends (at **[150]**). But for the time-bar, the plaintiffs would have been entitled to recover these payments from the defendant (at **[151]**). 
  2. On the three payments, to the extent the defendant pleaded they might have been gifts, this had not been established (at **[153]**). On the defendant’s case that the three payments comprised his entitlement to directors’ fees and/or shareholder dividends, the defendant had not satisfied the evidential burden on him to explain satisfactorily the legitimacy of these payments, and, in the absence of the time-bar, the plaintiffs would have been entitled to recover these payments (at **[160], [166]** and **[171]**).
  3. In respect of the 36 payments, there was ample cogent evidence in support of the defendant’s case, which was compelling and outweighed any adverse inference that might be drawn against the defendant (at **[179],** **[186]** and **[192]**). Even in the absence of the time-bar, the plaintiffs would not be entitled to recover these payments subject only to the issue of illegality (at **[180]** , **[187]** and [**193]**).

7  _Dishonest assistance_ : The legal and evidential burden of proof in
respect of this cause of action lay on the plaintiffs (at **[196]**). WKN owed
fiduciary duties to the plaintiffs but the evidence did not show that the 50
Payments were not in the plaintiffs’ interests, that the defendant assisted
WKN’s breach of his fiduciary duties, still less that such assistance was
dishonest (at **[197]**).

8  _Knowing receipt_ : the legal and evidential burden of proving the elements
of knowing receipt rested on the plaintiffs. They had not established even a
_prima facie_ case against the defendant for knowing receipt, and, even in the
absence of the time-bar, the claims would have been rejected (at **[203]**).

9  _Conspiracy to injure by unlawful means_ : the legal and evidential burden
of proving the elements of an unlawful means conspiracy rested on the
plaintiffs. They had not established even a _prima facie_ case against the
defendant, and, even in the absence of the time-bar, the claims would have
been rejected (at **[205]**).

10  _Illegality_ : the illegality issue was relevant only to one payment, _ie_
, Payment No 50 (or, if not for the time-bar, to the 36 payments). The
plaintiffs’ case was that if the court accepted that the 36 payments had been
made pursuant to a split fee arrangement between WKN and the defendant and/or
the defendant’s companies, that was illegal and/or involved illegal acts
and/or a conspiracy to evade taxes under Malaysian law, and the defendant
could not rely on such an arrangement as a defence (at **[207]** and
**[208]**). The evidence showed that the defendant and his mother both fully
understood all along the implications of the arrangement, which was intended
to deliberately evade tax in Malaysia, an unlawful act (at **[214]** and
**[217]**). However, while the plaintiffs relied on principles they referred
to as the _Foster v Driscoll_ principle, the _Ralli Bros_ principle, and the
principle that a man cannot rely on or profit from his own doing, these did
not assist the plaintiffs in the present case (at **[233]** , **[236]** ,
**[238]** and **[239]**).

11 The plaintiffs’ claims were therefore dismissed in full.

_This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
grounds of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of
the Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the
corresponding paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision._

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Dec 2020 (09:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

