Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2020] SGHC 07

Suit No 310 of 2018  
(Summons No 4746 of 2019)

Between

| Sumifru Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Felix Santos Ishizuka  
---|---  
(2)| Multiport Maritime Corporation  
(3)| Multiport Maritime Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Mareva injunctions] — [Variation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sumifru Singapore Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Felix Santos Ishizuka and others

[2020] SGHC 07

  

High Court — Suit No 310 of 2018 (Summons No 4746 of 2019)  
Vincent Hoong J  
24 September, 29 November 2019

10 January 2020 Judgment reserved.

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 Mareva injunctions have been described as “nuclear weapons” of civil
litigation (Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar and another v Accent Delight
International Ltd and another and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 558 (“Bouvier,
Yves”) at [1]); while they do not act as security for a plaintiff’s claim,
they act to circumscribe a defendant’s right to deal with its own property. To
alleviate the hardship occasioned on defendants, such injunctions are often
paired with standard exceptions, which include a provision permitting the
defendant to deal or dispose with its assets in the ordinary and proper course
of its business (the “Ordinary Course exception”).

2 The defendants in the present case were subject to a Mareva injunction and
granted the Ordinary Course exception. However, after the defendants had made
significant withdrawals by relying on the Ordinary Course exception, the
plaintiff took out a summons to restrict their use of the exception. Andrew
Ang SJ granted the summons in part. Thereafter, the plaintiff alleged that new
facts had surfaced, which justify further variations to the Mareva injunction
to prevent the defendants from unscrupulously dissipating assets under the
premise of the Ordinary Course exception. The present summons was brought
before me, as the trial judge for the pending action, for my consideration.

Background facts

3 The plaintiff, Sumifru Singapore Pte Ltd, brought an action against the
defendants. In the main, it was asserted that the first defendant, Felix
Santos Ishizuka had, through the second and third defendants, which were
companies under his control, acquired secret profits or commissions in breach
of the first defendant’s implied duties of good faith and fidelity or
fiduciary duties which he owed to the plaintiff as its employee. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1).

Mareva injunction

4 Prior to the commencement of the trial of the action, the plaintiff applied
for, and Lai Siu Chiu SJ granted, a world-wide Mareva injunction against the
defendants, prohibiting them from disposing of, dealing with, or diminishing
the value of their assets which are in Singapore, up to the value of
US$3,180,029.48 (the “Mareva Injunction”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mareva Injunction (HC/SUM 1418/2018); HC/ORC 2015/2018.

The Mareva Injunction was subject to the standard exceptions, including
permission for the defendants to spend monies on legal expenses and on
dealings “in the ordinary and proper course of business” (ie, the Ordinary
Course exception). Pursuant to paragraph 4 of the Mareva Injunction, it was
stated that: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mareva Injunction (HC/SUM 1418/2018) p 4, paras (3) and (4).

This Order does not prohibit the Defendants from dealing with or disposing of
any of their assets in the ordinary and proper course of business. The
Defendants shall account to the Plaintiff every 4 weeks (every Monday) for the
amount of money spent in this regard.

5 Lai SJ further ordered that the defendants inform the plaintiff of “all
their assets whether in or outside Singapore, whether in their own name or not
and whether solely or jointly owned, giving the value, location and details of
all such assets”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mareva Injunction (HC/SUM 1418/2018) para (2).

6 Pursuant to Lai SJ’s order to disclose, on 22 May 2018, the first defendant
deposed, on the second defendant’s behalf, that the sole asset of the second
defendant was its Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”) Bank
Account (the “OCBC Account”), which had a “value” of US$3,733,903.08. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendants’ Bundle of Affidavits Vol 2 (“DBOA2”) Tab H, p 2, para 5.

Withdrawals and SUM 3820/2019

7 Thereafter, from 22 May 2018 to 23 August 2019, the defendants notified the
plaintiff that it would be making a range of withdrawals from the OCBC
Account, amounting to about US$2.9m: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

12th Affidavit of Angela Goh (“Angela 12”), para 9 and GSH-63.

S/N| Stated purpose| Amount (US$)  
---|---|---  
1| Rice trade and shipping services| 2,389,638.96  
2| Travel expenses| 93,776.95  
3| Salaries| 120,450.69  
4| Legal fees to Focus Law Asia LLC (“FLA”)| SG$324,119.92 (approx
US$235,460.16)  
5| Other expenses (Office renovation, annual corporate fees, etc)| 69,080.71  
| Total withdrawals from OCBC Account from 22 May to 23 August 2019|
2,954,831.97  
  
8 Alarmed by the substantial withdrawals, the plaintiff filed Summons No 3820
of 2019 (“SUM 3820/2019”), for the following orders: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See Summons No 3820 of 2019.

(a) A declaration that the withdrawals were made in breach of the Mareva
Injunction.

(b) In respect of the withdrawals:

(i) that the defendants make full disclosure, within five days, of all
documents and correspondence in connection with the withdrawals and the
business proceeds (if any) relating to the withdrawals; and

(ii) for the defendants to restore the assets dissipated by making payment
into the second defendant’s OCBC Account and all business proceeds (if any)
relating to the withdrawals made from the OCBC Account.

(c) That the Ordinary Course exception in the Mareva Injunction (see [4]
above) be amended such that it provided:

This Order does not prohibit the 1st and 3rd Defendants from dealing with or
disposing of any of their assets in the ordinary and proper course of
business. The 1st and 3rd Defendants shall account to the Plaintiff every 4
weeks (every Monday) for the amount of money spent in this regard.

In respect of the 2nd Defendant, prior to every intended withdrawal in the
ordinary and proper course of business, the 2nd Defendant shall provide the
Plaintiff's solicitors 3 clear working days' advance notice of the 2nd
Defendant's intention to make such withdrawal (including the bank account from
which such withdrawal is to be made), together with the reason(s) why such
withdrawal is in the ordinary and proper course of business and documents in
support thereof …. Provided the Plaintiff has not objected to such withdrawal
within 3 clear working days of receipt of the Notice, the 2nd Defendant may
make such withdrawal in the ordinary and proper course of business.

9 In essence, the plaintiff sought, by way of SUM 3820/2019, to police any
further withdrawals by the defendants from the OCBC Account, and to ensure
that any business proceeds relating to the withdrawals would be channelled
back to the OCBC Account.

10 In response, the first defendant filed an affidavit on behalf of the
defendants, asserting that the withdrawals were to make payments “in the
ordinary and proper course of business”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits Vol 1 (“DBOA1”) Tab A, p 4 para 9.

According to the first defendant, after the plaintiff stopped working with the
second defendant to provide shipping between the Philippines and the Middle
East in or around March 2018, he turned his attention to other shipping routes
for which the second defendant could provide a service. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DBOA1 Tab A, p 11 para 32.

This eventually led him to run a shipping service on the “BIMP route” (Brunei,
Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines), 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

9th Affidavit of Felix Santos Ishizuka, para 10.

which involved the delivery of cargo to the Philippines. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DBOA1 Tab A, p 10 para 29 and p 17 para 53.

To minimise any risk of losses from the BIMP route, and to allow the second
defendant to reap a profit from the route, the first defendant sought a
“backbone cargo” for the BIMP route. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DBOA1 Tab A, p 17, para 53.

Having conducted his research, the first defendant concluded that rice would
be the “backbone cargo”, as it is heavily consumed in the Philippines and as
the cheaper alternatives existed outside the Filipino market. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DBOA1 Tab A, p 18, para 56.

11 As a result, the first defendant and his colleague travelled around
Southeast Asia to identify suitable rice brokers and suppliers for the
Filipino market, and eventually decided on Xaris International Shipping &
Trading Limited (“Xaris”), a rice broker based in Labuan, Malaysia. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DBOA1 Tab A, p 19 paras 57 to 58.

Pursuant to their agreement with Xaris, the second defendant purchased 4,000
Metric Tonnes (“MT”) of rice from various suppliers, at the price of
US$1,418,500. Furthermore, a commission fee of US$50 per MT of rice was
payable to Xaris, as the broker of the rice. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DBOA1 Tab A, p 20 para 64, p 21 para 65.

12 In the circumstances, the defendants’ case in resisting the variations
sought in SUM 3820/2019 was that the second defendant had engaged in the rice
trade with the expectation that it would generate revenue, and further that it
would form the backbone cargo of its BIMP shipping service. These payments and
transfers were thus duly made in the proper and ordinary course of the second
defendant’s business. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DBOA1 Tab A, p 24 para 74.

13 After hearing parties, Ang SJ declined to make a declaration that the
withdrawals were made in breach of the Mareva Injunction. Nonetheless, he
ordered the defendants to make full disclosure, within five days, of all
documents and correspondence in connection with the withdrawals and business
proceeds relating to the withdrawals (“the Disclosure order”). The defendants
were further ordered to pay all business proceeds relating to the withdrawals
back to the OCBC Account (“the Repayment order”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

HC/ORC 5851/2019.

14 The Ordinary Course exception was also amended, albeit not to the extent
sought by the plaintiff. Under the new Ordinary Course exception, apart from
the first and third defendants being required to account to the plaintiff
every four weeks for the amount of money that they spent in the ordinary and
proper course of business, additional duties were imposed on the second
defendant (“the Notice obligation”):

… prior to every intended withdrawal in the ordinary and proper course of
business, the [second defendant] shall provide the [p]laintiff’s solicitors 3
clear working days’ advance notice of the [second defendant’s] intention to
make such withdrawal …, together with the reason(s) why such withdrawal is in
the ordinary and proper course of business and documents in support thereof
[(collectively, the “Notice”)].

15 Hence, while the second defendant was required to provide the Notice of its
future intended withdrawals, such withdrawals would not be contingent on the
plaintiff’s non-objection, contrary to the broader order which the plaintiff
had sought (see [8(c)] above). Instead, should the plaintiff wish to object to
future withdrawals by the second defendant, the former would have to apply to
court for an order to restrain any such withdrawals after the Notice was
given. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DBOA2 Tab D, p 6, para 13.

The present application

16 According to the plaintiff, since the making of the orders in SUM
3820/2019, new information has come to light. It appears that the defendants
had made various false statements and disclosures, in effect preventing the
plaintiff from policing the defendants’ compliance with the Mareva Injunction.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”), p 8, para 21.

17 As a result of the alleged new facts that have surfaced, the plaintiff
initiated the present application by way of Summons No 4746 of 2019 (“SUM
4746/2019”). The prayers sought in SUM 4746/2019 were subsequently amended
and, as at the hearing of the summons, the plaintiff seeks a variety of
orders, which include in the main:

(a) In relation to Ang SJ’s order, compliance with the order and a variation
of the Mareva Injunction to remove the Notice obligation inserted by Ang SJ
(see [14] above). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

All Other Summons (Amendment No 1) (HC/SUM 4746/2019) paras 1 and 2.

(b) Fuller disclosure orders in connection with the withdrawals 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

All Other Summons (Amendment No 1) (HC/SUM 4746/2019/2019) para 4.

and the details of assets owned by the second defendant, whether in Singapore
or outside. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

All Other Summons (Amendment No 1) (HC/SUM 4746/2019/2019) para 5.

(c) Leave to cross-examine the first defendant on the affidavits which he has
filed on behalf of the defendants in SUM 3820/2019 and the present SUM
4746/2019. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

All Other Summons (Amendment No 1) (HC/SUM 4746/2019/2019) para 6.

The issues

18 Given the limited scope of SUM 4746/2019, the issues that fall for my
consideration are whether the Mareva Injunction ought to be further varied,
and, if so, what the scope of such variation ought to be.

Whether the Mareva Injunction ought to be varied

Applicable principles

19 As a starting point, it is undisputed that the court has the power to vary
a Mareva injunction that has been granted: see Sea Trucks Offshore Ltd and
others v Roomans, Jacobus Johannes and others [2019] 3 SLR 836 at [55]; Abbey
Forwarding Limited v Hone & others [2010] EWHC 1532; Compagnie Noga
D'Importation et D'Exportation SA and another v Australian and New Zealand
Banking Group Ltd and others [2006] EWHC 602 (Comm) (“Noga”).

20 In Zakharov and others v White and others [2003] EWHC 2560 (Ch)
(“Zakharov”), Peter Smith J observed that, in determining whether a variation
of a Mareva injunction is warranted, the court has to balance two competing
interests (Zakharov at [48]):

The claimants have a legitimate interest in preserving the funds. Against
that, in respect of funds over which they have no proprietary claim, they have
no proprietary interest and they are not entitled to use a [Mareva injunction]
as a method of obtaining security and bettering their position vis-a-vis the
defendant and vis-a-vis any other creditors of the defendant.

21 Fundamentally, “[t]he essential test is whether it is in the interests of
justice to make the variation sought”, and “[b]ecause the court has already
been satisfied of a risk of dissipation[,] judges are entitled, on an
application to vary [a Mareva injunction], to have a healthy scepticism about
assertions made” by the defendant: Noga at [9].

22 A case that demonstrates the application of the above principles is
Thevarajah v Riordan and others [2015] EWHC 1949 (Ch) (“Thevarajah”). In
Thevarajah, the applicant-claimant sought, among others, a variation to the
“ordinary and proper course of business” exception in a Mareva injunction,
which it had obtained against the respondent-defendants. In gist, the
variation would restrict the disposal of real property by the defendants, and
require the defendants to provide specified information relating to any
proposed sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of their real property. Such
specified information included providing the identity of and the defendants’
relationship to the counter-party of any transaction of real property, as well
as the total purchase price and consideration to be received in such a
transaction.

23 The variation was granted by the judge, who considered that reasonable
doubts were raised about the transactions in relation to the defendants’ real
property. In relation to one property named “The Devonshire”, the defendants
had informed that the property was to be sold for £1m, and that all of the
sale proceeds of that property were to be paid to the Bank of Cyprus to reduce
their indebtedness to the bank. No details were however provided of the
prospective buyers, save to say that the sale would be an arm’s length
transaction and therefore in the ordinary course of business. However, one of
the defendants, Mr Riordan, had previously stated on affidavit that “The
Devonshire” was valued at about £1.8m, and another judge had found it to be
worth just under £1.325m. The proposed sale price was thus well below both
figures, thus generating suspicion that the transactions might be at an
undervalue and/or to a related party of the defendants.

24 Further doubts were raised concerning two other properties owned by the
defendants, namely “The Blarney Stone” and “The Jester”, for which no
particulars were provided. In relation to The Blarney Stone, the circumstances
of any possible transaction was opaque, and the actual balance due to the
chargees of the property were not disclosed.

25 Given the opaqueness of the defendants’ dealings with its real property,
which were subject to the Mareva injunction, the judge considered that the
variations sought in relation to the real property were “reasonably required
by the [claimant] for the policing of” the Mareva injunction (Thevarajah at
[45]). Particulars of any intended purchaser would be highly relevant to the
question of whether the purchaser was related to the defendants; if there were
a connection, this was likely to generate suspicion deserving of
investigation. Contrarily, if the purchaser was a reputable purchaser dealing
at arm’s length, any suspicion would be allayed. It was also appropriate for
the claimant to know how the defendants intended to distribute monies received
for the properties, for only by knowing that could the claimant be satisfied
that the proceeds were being properly accounted for.

The plaintiff’s submissions

26 At the outset, it bears emphasising that the present application is not an
appeal against the orders granted by Ang SJ, who considered the submissions of
the parties relating to the alleged opacity of the defendants’ withdrawals,
which related in main to the rice trade and shipping services which were
purportedly provided by the second defendant.

27 Hence, to ensure that the present summons is not utilised as a backdoor
appeal against Ang SJ’s decision (which has not been appealed against), only
points that were not raised before Ang SJ in SUM 3820/2019 ought to be
considered.

28 In this regard, the plaintiff submits that the defendants have breached
both the Disclosure order and the Repayment order made by Ang SJ. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS pp 11 to 17.

For one, it is alleged that the defendants misrepresented to Ang SJ that there
were no buyers at the time SUM 3820/2019 was heard. Pursuant to the Disclosure
order, evidence has now surfaced that there were in fact firm buyers of the
rice cargo by that time. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS pp 12 to 14, paras 10 to 11.

Furthermore, the defendants had earlier disclosed that there were no sale
proceeds for the rice cargo. However, it appears that they had received at
least some sale proceeds for the cargo. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PWS pp 14 to 15, paras 12 to 13.

Finally, the defendants have refused to disclose the location of the rice
cargo, save that the balance bags of rice are “stored in a warehouse in the
Davao region.” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DBOA2 Tab D, p 21, para 61.

Collectively, the plaintiff submits that the defendants’ evasive nature is
inexcusable and contrary to their duty to disclose.

29 Furthermore, the plaintiff points to the fact that the defendants have
failed to provide sufficient disclosure in respect of their business travel
expenses, which amount to US$93,776.95. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PWS p 17, paras 20 and 23.

For example, while flights and hotel stays in Japan and the USA were claimed
for, it is alleged that the second defendant has no business in those places.
To add to the suspicion, the flights and hotel stays to those locations, which
were purportedly “business expenses”, were made during the Christmas and New
Year holiday period. In fact, the defendants have not shown any revenue from
their purported “business” in Japan and the USA. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PWS p 18 para 24 and p 19 para 27(c).

30 Additionally, the plaintiff points to an intended withdrawal by the
defendants, which they notified the plaintiff of on 13 September 2019. The
intended withdrawal was for the sum of US$161,220. It was purportedly for
payment to Harbor Star Shipping Services (“Harbor Star”) for tugboat fees for
vessels chartered between 2016 and August 2017. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PWS p 19, para 28.

As the defendants had failed to provide the underlying invoices relating to
the Harbor Star claim, it is suggested that the defendants are not in fact
liable to pay Harbor Star. This is in particular, as Harbor Star had demanded
payment from the plaintiff for the very same invoices by sending a statement
of account to the plaintiff in September 2018. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PWS p 20, paras 29 to 30.

31 Finally, the plaintiff placed much emphasis on the fact that the second
defendant’s purported business, which relates to the importation of rice
cargo, is illegal in the Philippines. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PWS p 21, para 36.

In this respect, conflicting expert evidence was tendered by the plaintiff and
the defendants, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Affidavits of Silverio Benny Jubelag Tan (for the plaintiff) and Philip
Sigfrid A Fortun (for the defendants).

and the plaintiff took great pains to try to show that the defendants’ expert,
who contends that the second defendant’s business is not illegal under
Filipino law, ought to be rejected in favour of the evidence of their expert,
who takes an opposing view.

The defendants’ submissions

32 In response, the defendants submit that the second defendant has not been
wrongfully dissipating the business proceeds from the rice trade. In fact, to
date, proceeds amounting to US$92,166 (approximately S$125,873.87) have been
deposited back into the OCBC Account. A further sum of US$9,821.70, which the
second defendant had previously overpaid to one Wilhelmsen Service Malaysia
Sdn Bhd, has also been repaid into the OCBC Account. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions (“DSS”) pp 16 to 17, paras 37 to 39.

It is further stated in the submissions that the second defendant “will
continue” to repay business proceeds from the rice trade into the OCBC
Account. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DSS p 16, header B.

33 Furthermore, in accordance with the Disclosure order made by Ang SJ, the
defendants have provided a link including the relevant documentation
supporting the withdrawals. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DBOA2 Tab D, p 57.

Since Ang SJ’s order, the defendants have also given advance notice to the
plaintiff of any intention to withdraw from the OCBC Account, as well as the
purpose of such withdrawals. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DSS p 18, para 43.

34 As regards the plaintiff’s allegation that the defendants had concealed
and/or failed to disclose the business proceeds from the rice trade in the
hearing before Ang SJ, it submits that the second defendant only began selling
and releasing the rice cargo from 1 September 2019 onwards. Hence, when Ang SJ
heard SUM 3820/2019 on 23 August 2019, there was indeed no sale of the rice
cargo and no business proceeds. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DSS p 21, para 54.

The alleged reason for the delayed release of the rice cargo was that,
although the taxes for 1,500 MT of rice cargo had been paid for by August
2019, the taxes on the remaining 2,500 MT of rice cargo was only paid on or
around 28 August 2019. That was when one of the second defendant’s customers,
ANA Traders, agreed to assist the second defendant with its tax obligations
and thereafter purchase 35,000 of the released bags of rice. Therefore, until
28 August 2019, there was simply no way for the second defendant to sell the
4,000 MT of rice cargo. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DSS pp 21 to 22, paras 55 to 56.

In any event, since the second defendant began selling the rice cargo in
September 2019, it has duly provided the plaintiff with detailed breakdowns of
the dates and quantities of the rice cargo sold to customers, and such
voluntary disclosure by the defendants, it submits, is clear evidence of their
bona fides in carrying on the rice trade. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DSS p 22, para 57.

35 As for the business travel expenses, it asserts that they were incurred for
business development purposes, and not for the first defendant’s annual family
holidays, as insinuated by the plaintiff. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DSS p 30, para 79.

36 Turning to the Harbor Star payment, the defendants submit that the
appropriate recourse ought to be an application for an injunction against the
withdrawal. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DSS p 27, para 72.

Nonetheless, the intended withdrawal, while not supported by invoices, was
based on Harbor Star’s Statement of Account. They were outstanding because
they were fees incurred for the benefit of the plaintiff, when the plaintiff
had a working relationship with the defendants. It is therefore hypocritical
for the plaintiff to raise the Harbor Star matter as a basis to justify the
variation. This is in particular as plaintiff had itself directed Harbor Star
to seek payment from its contracting party, thereby causing Harbor Star to
seek payment from the defendants. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DSS pp 28 to 29, paras 73 to 76.

37 Finally, the defendants assert that the rice trade is legal under Filipino
law. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DSS p 7.

My decision

Illegality of the rice trade

38 In my judgment, the plaintiff’s argument that the defendants’ rice trade is
illegal is irrelevant to the present application, which involves a variation
of the Mareva Injunction. As observed in The “Nagasaki Spirit” [1993] 3 SLR(R)
878 at [16], “the sole purpose of the [Mareva] injunction is the prohibition
of dealings by the defendant in order to defeat a judgment against him”.
Hence, the requirement of showing a real risk of dissipation lies at the heart
of the court’s power to grant any Mareva injunction. Therefore, merely
demonstrating dishonesty on the part of the defendant is insufficient for the
grant of a Mareva injunction, unless such dishonesty had a real and material
bearing on the risk of dissipation of assets: Bouvier, Yves at [5] and [93].

39 In this case, all the court has before it is conflicting expert evidence
relating to the legality of the defendants’ commercial exploits, which have
not been tested under cross-examination. Even if this court were minded to
find that the second defendant’s rice trade is illegal on the back of the
conflicting expert evidence, this would not justify a variation of the Mareva
Injunction. Such illegality, in and of itself, simply does not go towards
showing a real risk of dissipation.

40 Furthermore, a finding of such illegality would not support the purpose of
the Mareva Injunction, which seeks to ensure that there remains a sufficient
pool of assets available for enforcement should the plaintiff obtain a
judgment against the defendants. A determination of the illegality of the rice
trade could stifle the repatriation of the proceeds from the rice trade,
thereby indirectly allowing the defendants to keep such proceeds out of the
jurisdiction, and possibly beyond the reach of the plaintiff. Therefore, I did
not find it appropriate to consider the issue of illegality that was so
fervently argued before me.

Harbor Star

41 I also make no findings as regards the intended withdrawal for the Harbor
Star invoices. The defendants evidently complied with the Notice obligation by
notifying the plaintiff that such withdrawals were to be made. As the
defendants submit, the proper application to be made to prevent such a
withdrawal is an application for an injunction, as Ang SJ had explicitly
declined to grant the plaintiff’s application for any future withdrawals to be
contingent on the plaintiff’s approval.

Business proceeds from the rice trade

42 Turning to the other grounds raised by the plaintiff, it appears to me that
the real complaint is that while significant sums of money have been
channelled for the defendants’ alleged business expenses, little has been
returned to the second defendant’s OCBC Account. These are however not new
arguments, as, before Ang SJ, the plaintiff had similarly raised doubts about
the transactions relating to the rice trade. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Minute Sheet (SUM 3820/2019) p 2, per Dedi.

While new grounds have allegedly surfaced since the hearing of SUM 3820/2019,
they relate in the main to alleged misrepresentations by the defendants. In
particular, the key allegation appears to be that the defendants had
wrongfully represented to Ang SJ that there were no business proceeds from the
rice cargo, when in fact there were such business proceeds. In direct
response, the first defendant has explained, on affidavit, that the rice cargo
was only sold from September 2019 onwards, after the taxes on the rice cargo
were paid. Thus, there was in fact no business proceeds from the rice trade
when SUM 3820/2019 was heard. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DBOA2 Tab E, p 10, para 33.

43 Nonetheless, it is noted that in an application to vary a Mareva
injunction, the court, having already been satisfied of a risk of dissipation
on the part of the defendants, ought to have a healthy scepticism about the
assertions made by the defendants (Noga at [9] and Steven Gee, Commercial
Injunctions (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2016) at para 21-051).

44 There is some merit to the plaintiff’s case that, in light of additional
disclosures made by the defendants after SUM 3820/2019, certain doubts arise
about the truthfulness of their disclosures. In his affidavit dated 2 October
2019, the first defendant alleged that the second defendant had agreed to
prices for some rice cargo with one Ken Ng “in or around late July 2019”,
although Ken Ng only collected the rice he purchased in September 2019, due to
the delays caused by the tax issues. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DBOA2 Tab D, p 14, para 43(a).

45 This may be contrasted with the first defendant’s affidavits prior to the
hearing before Ang SJ, where it was suggested that the second defendant had
not found buyers for all 4,000 MT of the rice cargo. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DBOA1 Tab B, p 13, para 38.

No mention was made of the purported agreement to sell rice cargo to Ken Ng,
which was apparently concluded by July 2019. Furthermore, there is some
suspicion of the genuineness of the rice trade, as the defendants have thus
far refused to disclose the precise location of the rice cargo, purportedly
because it fears that the plaintiff would use such information to sabotage the
second defendant’s rice trade. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DBOA2 Tab D, p 21, para 62.

46 However, balanced against the plaintiff’s allegations and the supposed
inconsistency in the defendants’ evidence in SUM 3820/2019 and the present
application, is the fact that the defendants had tendered bills of lading
supporting its claim that 4,000 MT of rice cargo had in fact been purchased
from three different suppliers. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DBOA2 Tab D, p 10, para 31; DBOA1 Tab C, pp 105 to 107.

Furthermore, the defendants have tendered a detailed breakdown and invoices of
the sale of their rice cargo, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DBOA2 Tab D, Tab 5 (p 63) and Tab 6 (p 67).

which support their allegation that PHP 54,006,750 (approx US$1,062,420.79) of
rice was sold by 2 October 2019 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DBOA2 Tab D, p 13 para 39.

and a further PHP 14,387,500 (approx US$283,030.90) of rice was sold by 6
November 2019. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DBOA2 Tab E, p 20 para 59.

47 Nonetheless, while it is alleged that, by 6 November 2019, PHP 30,012,884
(approx US$590,855.54) had been received and PHP 38,381,366 (approx
US$755,617.41) remained outstanding for collection, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DBOA2 Tab E, p 22.

only US$101,987.70 appears to have been repatriated back to the OCBC Account
by 28 November 2019. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Felix Santos Ishizuka’s 20th Affidavit (28 November 2019), p 5.

Even then, the transfer of the US$101,987.70 was only pending during the
hearing before me, as the OCBC Bank staff had requested for more information
from the defendants before processing the transfer. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Felix Santos Ishizuka’s 20th Affidavit (28 November 2019), p 6.

Crucially, it also appears convenient that, while the defendants’ case is that
the rice cargo had been sold since early September 2019, attempts to
repatriate the sale proceeds were only made around November 2019, about three
months after Ang SJ made the Repayment order. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Felix Santos Ishizuka’s 20th Affidavit (28 November 2019), pp 5 to 7.

The attempts at repatriation were also only brought to my attention by way of
an affidavit filed on 28 November 2019, a day before the substantive hearing
of the present summons, which was first heard by me some two months earlier,
on 24 September 2019. In my view, the belatedness and convenient timing of the
alleged repatriation throws the bona fides of the defendants in complying with
Ang SJ’s Repayment order into doubt.

48 The purported transfer of US$101,987.70 raises an additional concern, as,
in seeking to effect the transfer, the first defendant informed OCBC Bank that
there were “VARIOUS GOODS FROM FRESH PRODUCE TO DRY CARGO” and that “ORIGIN:
1. DAVAO, PHILIPPINES (BANANA/PINEAPPLE) 2. HOCHIMINH, VIETNAM (RICE CARGO) TO
NAME A FEW” [emphasis added]. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Felix Santos Ishizuka’s 20th Affidavit (28 November 2019), p 5.

In providing the information to the bank, the first defendant referred to
cargo apart from the rice cargo, suggesting that it has failed to make full
disclosure to the court, in spite of the Disclosure order.

49 In the circumstances, even if I were to accept that the second defendant is
indeed engaged in the rice trade, and that such had caused the significant
withdrawal from the OCBC Account, there appears to be limited (if any)
compliance with Ang SJ’s Repayment order. It expressly stipulates that the
defendants “shall pay all business proceeds relating to the Withdrawals into
the” [emphasis added] second defendant’s OCBC Account. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Order of Court (SUM 3820/2019), para 2.

Furthermore, doubts have arisen as to whether the defendants have adequately
complied with the Disclosure order.

Travel expenses

50 To add to the concern, while close to US$100,000 has allegedly been
withdrawn for business travels, there is no evidence showing the fruits of
such travels, nor is there evidence showing that such travels were for
business purposes. Indeed, all that the court has in support of such trips are
the bare assertions of the first defendant that they were incurred for the
first defendant to meet clients and brokers to pursue business opportunities,
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DBOA2 Tab E, p 18, para 54.

and that such trips have “certainly borne fruit for the company”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DBOA2 Tab E, p 19, para 56(b).

Yet, to-date, there is no evidence that the defendants have any business
presence in Japan or the USA.

51 Reviewing the evidence in totality, I am satisfied that this is an
appropriate case to make further orders to fortify the orders made by Ang SJ.
In view of the defendants’ conduct subsequent to the learned judge’s orders,
this is necessary to ensure that the defendants are restrained from evading
justice by disposing of assets otherwise than in the ordinary course of
business, with the result that if the plaintiff obtains judgment in the
action, such judgment may remain unsatisfied.

Variation order

52 In A J Bekhor & Co Ltd v Bilton [1981] 2 All ER 565, the English Court of
Appeal observed that a means of policing the Mareva injunction is to order the
cross-examination of the defendant on his affidavit (at 579). Alternatively,
the permission to allow the defendant to remove further money pursuant to the
Ordinary Course exception may be withdrawn unless and until the defendant has
made a full and proper disclosure of the matters which the court thought were
necessary to establish the true nature of the defendant’s assets, and that the
defendant has given a proper explanation of his conduct between the material
dates (at 579).

53 In my judgment, while the plaintiff has sought a multitude of variations,
which include the removal of a variation granted by Ang SJ, the fundamental
purpose of the plaintiff’s application in the present summons is to preserve,
and to increase to a satisfactory amount, the pool of assets available, to
avoid the prospect of a barren judgment. To achieve this, the appropriate
order to be made ought to be one which would prod the defendants to return the
business proceeds from the rice trade, and thereafter restrict unwarranted
withdrawals from the OCBC Account. In my view, the Disclosure and Repayment
orders made by Ang SJ go some way towards achieving these goals, and any
variation order that I grant ought therefore to supplement, rather than
overhaul, the orders made prior.

54 Therefore, instead of removing parts of Ang SJ’s order, I make the
following additional orders:

(a) That the defendants make full and frank disclosure of the amount of
business proceeds stemming from the rice trade that are available to be
repatriated to the OCBC Account within ten business days of the date of this
judgment.

(b) After the disclosures in (a) have been made, all of such business
proceeds, as well as additional business proceeds which are collected in
relation to the rice trade, are to be remitted to the OCBC Account within 15
business days from the date of this judgment or the date of the collection of
such proceeds (whichever is applicable). This shall be a continuing
obligation.

(c) Should the defendants fail to comply with the orders in (a) and (b) above
within the stipulated time periods therein, all further withdrawals pursuant
to the Ordinary Course exception of the Mareva Injunction, as amended by
paragraph 3 of Ang SJ’s order in SUM 3820/2019 (HC/ORC 5851/2019), are
prohibited unless and until the above order(s) are complied with.

Conclusion

55 For the above reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s application in part.

56 I will hear parties on costs at a later date.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge

Dedi Affandi bin Ahmad and Dharini Ravi (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
Plaintiff;  
Khoo Ching Shin Shem, Teo Hee Sheng, Christian and Yong Zhixin, Esther (Focus
Law Asia LLC) for the Defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

