Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 164

Criminal Case No 20 of 2019

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Miya Manik  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Complicity] — [Common intention]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Murder]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Miya Manik

[2020] SGHC 164

High Court — Criminal Case No 20 of 2019  
Valerie Thean J  
9, 10, 14–17, 21, 22 January, 25–27 February, 6 April, 18 June, 20 July 2020

11 August 2020

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 A field at Tuas South Avenue 1 (“Avenue 1”) was the site of contraband
cigarette sales where two rival syndicates sought to exert control. On 24
September 2016, Munshi Abdur Rahim (“Rahim”), was attacked by three men from
an opposing syndicate and died. Two of these three men, identified as “Aziz”
and “Mitho”, were not arrested. The third was the accused, Miya Manik
(“Manik”).

2 Manik was tried on a single charge with two alternatives, as follows:

That you, MIYA MANIK, on 24 September 2016, at or about 9.47pm, at the
vicinity of Tuas View Dormitory located at 70 Tuas South Avenue 1, Singapore,
did commit murder by causing the death of Munshi Abdur Rahim (“the deceased”),
to wit, by slashing the deceased’s left leg with a chopper, causing the
deceased to suffer, inter alia, a 16 x 4 cm deep oblique incised wound on the
proximal part of the lateral aspect of the left leg, with intention to cause
said bodily injury, which injury is sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death, and you have thereby committed an offence under s
300(c), punishable under s 302(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

Alternatively,

on 24 September 2016, at or about 9.47pm, at the vicinity of Tuas View
Dormitory located at 70 Tuas South Avenue 1, Singapore, together with two
unidentified males known as “Aziz” and “Mitho”, and in pursuance of the common
intention of you three, did commit murder by causing the death of Munshi Abdur
Rahim (“the deceased”), to wit, by slashing the deceased’s left leg with a
chopper, causing the deceased to suffer, inter alia, a 16 x 4 cm deep oblique
incised wound on the proximal part of the lateral aspect of the left leg,
which injury is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death,
knowing it likely that such injury would be caused, and you have thereby
committed an offence under s 300(c) read with s 34 and punishable under s
302(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

Facts

Background

3 There are many workers living in the dormitories around Avenue 1. The field
at Avenue 1 and various areas nearby were lucrative sites for contraband
cigarette sales. At the material time of this offence in the latter part of
2016, a syndicate controlled the sales of contraband cigarettes in four
different areas, including Avenue 1. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

PS16 at para 2.

The overall control of the syndicate was managed by one “Jahidul”.

4 Each of these four areas had a syndicate member in charge (“ICs”), as
follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PS16 at para 2.

(a) Avenue 1: Jahidul and one “Shopon”;

(b) Tuas South Avenue 4 (“Avenue 4”): Howlader Emon (“Emon”) and one
“Govindo”; 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 3, ln 15.

(c) Tuas South Avenue 6 (“Avenue 6”): Sohel Rana Abdul Kadir (“Sohel”) and
Ahmed Kayes (“Toton”); and

(d) Soon Lee: one “Ripon”.

5 The sale of cigarettes was managed in each area by its ICs independently.
Each area’s ICs would engage cigarette sellers and lookouts, and would also
determine the price at which the cigarettes were sold. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PS16 at paras 3–4.

At close of business each day, the sales proceeds would be handed over to the
ICs, who would pay the cigarette sellers, lookouts, and any necessary
“protection money”, and, where applicable, split the profits amongst
themselves. Profits were not shared between the different areas. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 4, ln 16–21.

Avenue 1, where the dispute arose, was the most profitable. The largest number
of workers lived in the dormitories in that area. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 4, ln 1–3.

6 In late August or early September 2016, Jahidul was slated to leave
Singapore. According to Toton, Jahidul initially intended to hand over Avenue
1 to one “Faraque”. Eventually, control of Avenue 1 was given to Shopon, who
was in turn to pay Faraque and two men working for him, one “Rabbi” and one
“Badsha”, a nightly sum. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PS16 at para 8.

Faraque, however, formed a breakaway faction (“the rival syndicate”) in order
to take control of the field at which the sales were conducted at Avenue 1. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

P186 at para 8.3: AB at p 258.

Rahim was a member of this rival syndicate. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 5, ln 1–2.

7 Manik reported to and assisted Shopon with cigarette sales at Avenue 1.
Other members of the syndicate, or persons friendly with members of the
syndicate, called by the Prosecution to give evidence, were the following:
Miah Mohammad Rasal (“Rasal”), 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 30, ln 28–29.

Ripon Hasan Shahidullah Bhuiyan (another “Ripon”, who was not the same Ripon
managing Soon Lee), 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 3, ln 17–19.

Goni Osman (“Goni”), 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 19, ln 27–28.

Toton, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PS16 at para 1; NE 16 January 2020 at p 3.

Emon, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 2, ln 13–15.

Ahamed Fahad (“Fahad”) 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 55, ln 20–25.

and Mamun. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 15 January 2020, p 2, ln 21–23.

Events of 24 September 2016

8 On 24 September 2016, at around 7pm, Goni and Manik went to a canteen at
Avenue 4 (“the Canteen”). Other members of the syndicate were present, and
various witnesses gave accounts of a meeting there. Throughout these events,
Manik was the only one wearing a cap. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 15, ln 6–17.

9 Subsequent to this meeting, a group of them started to make their way to the
field at Avenue 1. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 8, ln 4–15.

It was not disputed that among these were Rasal, Ripon, Goni, Aziz and Mitho,
the latter two being the “Aziz” and “Mitho” referred to in the charge. For
clarity, I should mention that some of the witnesses distinguished between a
“tall Mitho” and a “short Mitho”, and in this context, the Mitho named in the
charge was referenced as “tall Mitho”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See NE 15 January 2020 at p 21, ln 26–27 (Goni);

The identity of the “Mitho” named in the charge is not at issue in the present
case.

10 At Avenue 1, Fahad, Mamun, Toton, and Sohel arrived by taxi, stopping
inside the carpark of Tuas View Dormitory at Avenue 1. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PS 23, NE 25 February 2020 at p 8, ln 19–21; NE 16 January 2020 at p 7, ln 6.

Toton approached Rahim, a member of the rival syndicate, and asked Rahim why
he was selling cigarettes in the area. Manik, who knew Rahim from a previous
construction project, went to speak to Rahim and shook Rahim’s hand. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 8, ln 29 to p 9, ln 4.

Toton then suggested that they talk at Avenue 6 and the trio started moving in
that direction. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 10, ln 13 - 15

At this point, confusion erupted. The source of the confusion was not clear.
According to Ripon, Aziz first yelled “Let’s chop hard this son of a bitch”;
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 12 ln 10 – 12

Rasal, Goni, and Toton recounted that people started yelling “Police” or some
variation linked to an alert about police presence, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 39, ln 19–20 (Rasal); NE 15 January 2020 at p 26, ln
15–16 (Goni); NE 16 January 2020 at p 9, ln 29–30 (Toton).

while Fahad and Mamun simply testified that people started to shout and run
around. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 58, ln 14–15 (Fahad); NE 15 January 2020 at p 5, ln
6–8 (Mamun).

Rahim, at that juncture, fled. Manik, together with two others, ran after
Rahim. When Rahim fell to the ground, the three men attacked Rahim, who
thereafter managed to get up and run off. He called the police from a short
distance away, saying, “People chopped me with knife” 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

P183: AB at p 254.

but collapsed soon after. The police informed the Singapore Civil Defence
Force, which dispatched an ambulance crew. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PS27 at para 2: AB at p 163.

Rahim was observed to be lying flat on his back in a pool of blood, and most
of the bleeding was concentrated below the lower left leg. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PS27 at paras 3–4: AB at p 163.

While en route to the hospital, Rahim’s pulse and breathing were no longer
detected and Rahim was subsequently pronounced dead at Ng Teng Fong General
Hospital. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

P161: AB at p 59.

11 Meanwhile, Manik, Goni, Fahad, Mamun, Toton, and Sohel left the scene in
the same taxi that had brought the latter four to Avenue 1, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 24.

as Mamun and Sohel had stayed with the waiting taxi during the altercation.
Toton and Fahad 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 59, ln 24 – 25; NE 16 January 2020 at p 10 ln 30 - 31

were dropped off first, followed by Manik, Goni, Mamun and Sohel. Other than
Mamun, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 8, ln 10–12.

they then went to East Coast Park. There, Manik, Goni, Sohel, Fahad, Toton,
Rasal, Ripon and Emon met together. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 17, ln 6–14.

There was a discussion about what had happened at Avenue 1. After the
discussion, from there, instead of returning to their dormitories, Manik,
Rasal, Ripon, Goni, and Emon went to stay at a hotel in Geylang. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 8, ln 27–32; NE 15 January 2020 at p 30, ln 23–31.

Manik thereafter stayed with a friend until his arrest on 30 September 2016,
when Manik accompanied this friend to a construction site in Tampines. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

P186 at para 10.1: AB at p 261; P177: AB, pp 167–168; PS 28: AB at pp 165–166.

The Prosecution’s case

12 The Prosecution’s primary case (the “Primary Case”) was that Manik had
inflicted the injury on Rahim’s left leg (“the Fatal Injury”), with what the
charge specifies as a “chopper”. This chopper was described by witnesses as a
big knife, and is referred to in the same manner in these grounds of decision.
On the Prosecution’s case, on 24 September 2016, members of the syndicate met
at the Canteen, discussing the action to be taken at a meeting with the rival
syndicate later that evening. Choppers were distributed. Manik received one,
which he then brought along to the anticipated meeting with the rival
syndicate at Avenue 1. During the incident, Manik used that chopper to
intentionally inflict the Fatal Injury on Rahim. Knowing that Rahim was a
member of the rival syndicate, Manik wanted to send a message to the rival
syndicate not to interfere with their business. Manik then brought the chopper
he used back to the taxi. Various statements were attributed to Manik which
the Prosecution argued were “indicative of the fact in issue - whether the
accused had chopped an individual on the leg”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions at para 50.

13 The Prosecution’s alternative case (the “Alternative Case”) was that, if it
could not be proved beyond reasonable doubt which of the three assailants had
caused the Fatal Injury, it was sufficient to show that the Fatal Injury was
inflicted in furtherance of their common intention which arose, at the latest,
just prior to the incident when the three men gave chase to Rahim. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions at para 61

Manik’s case

14 Manik’s evidence was that, on the evening in question, at around 8pm, Goni
and he were returning to the Tuas View Dormitory from Goni’s hospital visit.
Shopon then called him and asked him to go to Avenue 1 to check whether there
was a police presence. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 6, ln 23–31.

He went to Avenue 1 together with Goni, Ripon, and Rasal. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 7, ln 1–10.

After checking once, he then went back to Avenue 1 again on Shopon’s
instructions and he reported that there was a police car there. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 7, ln 5–10.

Goni then recommended that they go to Avenue 4 to eat, which explained why he
was at the Canteen around 9pm. There were quite a few people in the Canteen
whom he knew. Emon, Aziz and Mitho were also at the Canteen, but as he did not
know them well, he did not pay attention to them. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 7, ln 19–27.

Shopon then called and asked him to go to Avenue 1 that evening to help sell
cigarettes. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 7, ln 19–22.

He left the Canteen with Ripon and Rasal, and walked to Avenue 1 together with
others who happened to be walking in the same direction, including Aziz,
Mitho, and Kamrul. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 8, ln 4–11.

At Avenue 1, they met Toton. Toton was getting down from the taxi, and Aziz
and Mitho went to talk to Toton. Manik denied that he was armed with a chopper
at this time. Rather, he claimed to have picked up a wooden stick from the
ground shortly before the meeting to protect himself. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 9, ln 22–25.

15 Manik testified that when he saw Rahim, he went and shook Rahim’s hand
because they were acquainted from a previous construction project. Toton asked
Rahim why he was there and selling cigarettes at “our area”, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 9, ln 1–4.

and suggested that the group move to Avenue 6 to talk. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 10, ln 13 - 15

On Manik’s account, Rahim was suddenly attacked from the back by two men, who
then fled. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 10 ln 31 – p 11 ln 3

His evidence was that he intended to run after Rahim’s assailants, whose
identities he contended were not known to him, in order to bring them back to
Toton. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 11, ln 10–12.

He saw a person fall in front of him, and he believed that to be one of the
unknown assailants. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 11, ln 30 to p 12, ln 2.

At the time of the attack, he was not aware that Rahim was the subject of the
attack. He saw one person start kicking and punching the person who fell.
Manik then used the wooden stick that he had picked up to hit that person, not
knowing that it was Rahim. A third assailant then came to attack that same
person. Manik claimed to have left the scene because he was scared when the
third assailant join the fracas and produced a knife. By Manik’s account, the
third assailant used the knife on the fallen man’s leg. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 13, ln 5 to 9.

Subsequently, he was told that the two other men with him were Aziz and Mitho,
which explained how he was able to identify them when he was questioned for
the purposes of his statement.

Legal context, disputed issues and decision

16 In order to prove a charge of murder under s 300(c) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”), the following are necessary (see Wang
Wenfeng v Public Prosecutor [2012] 4 SLR 590 (“Wang Wenfeng”) at [32], citing
Virsa Singh v State of Punjab AIR 1958 SC 465 (“Virsa Singh”)):

(a) death has been caused to a person by an act of the accused;

(b) that act resulting in bodily injury was done with the intention of causing
that bodily injury to the deceased (this is to be assessed subjectively); and

(c) that bodily injury inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death (this is to be assessed objectively).

17 In this case, the cause of death was established as acute haemorrhage due
to incised wounds to the left leg and back. The Fatal Injury was identified to
be an incised wound on the left leg. This wound transected the anterior
tibialis artery and would have caused significant haemorrhage “individually
sufficient to cause death in the ordinary course of nature”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB at p 69.

The most significant injury to the back, an incised wound on the left lower
thoracic region of the back, resulted in significant haemorrhage that
contributed to death. The other injuries were relatively superficial and did
not have a significant bearing on Rahim’s death. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AB at p 69.

There was no dispute on the cause of death, or that the Fatal Injury was in
the ordinary course of nature sufficient to cause death.

18 Manik’s defence joined issue with the first element, which required his
action to have caused the Fatal Injury and, thereby, death, and the second
element, which required an intention to cause that injury. He claimed that he
was armed with a wooden stick only, and therefore it was not possible for him
to have inflicted the Fatal Injury. The issues relevant to the Primary Case,
therefore, were (i) whether Manik had been armed with a chopper; (ii) whether
he inflicted the Fatal Injury; and (iii) whether he did so with the requisite
intention.

19 In the event that the Prosecution was unable to show that Manik inflicted
the Fatal Injury, on the Alternative Case, the Prosecution sought to show that
the Fatal Injury was inflicted by Aziz, Mitho or Manik, in furtherance of
their common intention, such that Manik was liable under s 300(c) read with s
34 of the Penal Code. The necessary elements for the use of s 34 of the Penal
Code are (see Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan and others v Public Prosecutor
[2010] 4 SLR 1119 (“Daniel Vijay”) at [91]): (a) the criminal act element, (b)
the common intention element, and (c) the participation element.

20 The first and third elements required by s 34 of the Penal Code were not in
dispute. The Fatal Injury was inflicted by one of the assailants during the
incident and Manik clearly participated in the criminal act in chasing Rahim
and attacking him together with the other two men. The dispute centred on the
second element, whether the three men shared the requisite common intention to
cause s 300(c) injury. In this judgment, I adopt the same definition as that
used in Daniel Vijay at [49]: a reference to common intention to cause s
300(c) injury is to common intention to inflict bodily injury sufficient in
the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

21 The main factual issues were therefore the following:

(a) Was Manik armed with a chopper?

(b) If so, did Manik inflict the Fatal Injury? If so, then if the injury was
intentionally inflicted, the Primary Case would be made out.

(c) If the Primary Case was not made out, did Mitho, Aziz and Manik share a
common intention to inflict s 300(c) injury? If so, the Alternative Case would
be made out.

(d) If neither (b) nor (c) were made out, could any inference be made
concerning the common intention of the three men sufficient to ground an
alternative charge?

22 I found that Manik was armed with a chopper, as was Aziz and Mitho. While
the person who inflicted the Fatal Injury did so intentionally, it was not
clear that Manik was the one who inflicted the Fatal Injury. Neither did the
facts lead to the inference that the three men shared a common intention to
inflict s 300(c) injury. I amended the charge against Manik to one under s 326
read with s 34 of the Penal Code, and convicted and sentenced him accordingly.
I explain each of these decisions in turn.

Was Manik armed with a chopper?

23 I considered the following in deciding whether Manik was armed with a
chopper: the injuries inflicted on Rahim; camera footage which showed Manik
wielding a reflective object; Goni’s evidence that Manik was given a chopper
prior to the incident; Goni and Mamun’s evidence that Manik was seen entering
the taxi after the attack with a chopper; Manik’s evidence in his statement
and on the stand; and testimony that Manik used the word “kop” in relation to
his participation.

Injuries sustained by Rahim

24 I deal first with the injuries sustained by Rahim. The Defence argued that
the existence of blunt-force injuries found on Rahim was consistent with
Manik’s claim that he attacked Rahim with a wooden stick. And further, because
the other two assailants were holding choppers, it followed that Manik must
have been the one holding the wooden stick.

25 The injuries were inconclusive. The autopsy report and supplementary report
from Dr Chan Shijia, a forensic pathologist attached to the Health Sciences
Authority, revealed the following non-incised injuries:

(a) On Rahim’s lower limbs, two abrasions on the left knee. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB 65

(b) On Rahim’s upper limbs, three bruises on the right arm and four abrasions
on the right forearm, right hand, left forearm, and left hand respectively. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB 64

(c) On Rahim’s head, a bruise between the eyebrows and an abrasion on the
right cheek, and on his abdomen, an abrasion on the right iliac fossa.

26 Dr Chan’s evidence was that the blunt-force injuries on Rahim were non-
specific and were equally consistent with being hit with a wooden stick or
from falling, kicking, or defensive action. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 23, ln 15–17.

The camera footage, which I detail in the next section, supported Dr Chan’s
explanation. Rahim fell and, while he was on the ground, that he was kicked by
Mitho and was struggling vigorously against the three assailants. It was not
possible to conclude from the existence of the bruises whether a wooden stick
was used during the assault.

Camera footage of the incident

27 I turn next to the footage obtained from a camera installed on the front
left of a bus parked near the scene of the attack (“the Bus Camera Footage”).
This camera pointed backwards. The bus driver, Sun Tao, gave evidence that the
incident fell within the camera’s field of vision because it took place to the
left of the bus. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PS24 at para 4.

In the Bus Camera Footage, which showed a mirror image of the incident, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 9 January 2020 at p 19, ln 4–8.

Rahim is first seen entering the frame and falling to the ground at
“21:47:06”. The person identified as Mitho first enters the scene at
“21:47:06”, and he proceeds to kick Rahim. Manik then enters the scene at
“21:47:08”. The person identified as Aziz enters the scene at “21:47:10”. Each
is seen holding objects with reflective surfaces at various times. Manik then
leaves followed by the others, while Rahim runs off in a different direction,
at “21:47:14”.

28 The Prosecution argued for two reasons that Manik was holding a chopper in
the Bus Camera Footage. First, the object that Manik was seen holding shared
the same profile as the object seen in Mitho’s hand. As it was not disputed
that Mitho had a chopper, this meant that Manik also had a chopper. However, I
was not satisfied that the inference could be drawn. Even if the profile of
the objects shared a superficial similarity, it was not clear on the evidence
that a wooden stick would not have the same profile. The Bus Camera Footage at
21:47:14 (see P192) was not clear given that only one thin rectangular strip
of light could be seen.

29 Second, the Prosecution submitted that the object seen could not be a
wooden stick as it would not reflect light in that manner. There was some
logical force to this argument. However, the rectangular strip relied on at
“21:47:14” was not as bright as the other flashes of white at other parts of
the Bus Camera Footage, where the weapons held by Aziz and Mitho were more
clearly seen. When the object was seen at “21:47:07” (see P192), the object
was not reflecting as much light, but shared the same dimensions. The Defence
made the valid point that it was not explained why the object in Manik’s hand
reflected light far fewer times than the objects in Aziz’s and Mitho’s hands.
In the absence, therefore, of any reconstruction or other evidence about how
different materials would look in those lighting conditions, specifically how
wood might look in the same light, and without any expert explanation for the
variance in the brightness of the object at different times, it was impossible
to conclude beyond a reasonable doubt that Manik held a chopper from the Bus
Camera Footage alone.

30 I turn then to the reasons why I held that Manik was armed with a chopper.

Witness sightings of Manik with a chopper

31 There were two principal witness sightings of Manik holding a chopper. The
first was at the distribution of choppers prior to the incident. It was not
disputed that whoever obtained choppers at the distribution then hid their
choppers in the waistband of their trousers. The second was at the taxi after
the incident, where witnesses saw Manik entering the waiting taxi with a
chopper following the attack.

Did Manik receive a chopper prior to the incident?

32 The Prosecution led evidence from Goni and Ripon that there was a
distribution of knives at the Canteen in preparation for a confrontation at
Avenue 1. Manik’s testimony was that he was not involved in any such
distribution.

33 While Ripon testified that there was a distribution of weapons, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 14.

he admitted under cross-examination that he did not personally see Manik
receive a chopper. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 45, ln 5–7.

Therefore, the primary evidence that Manik received a chopper at this
distribution came from Goni. Goni testified that at around 7pm on 24 September
2016, Manik and Goni went to the Canteen at Avenue 4. There, Toton, Emon,
Rasal, Ripon, Mitho and Aziz were present. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 21, ln 14–28.

They had a discussion concerning the problem at Avenue 1 which was caused by
Faraque (see [6] above) and the rival syndicate. After this discussion, a
“dark-skinned man” whom Goni did not recognise (identified as “Kamrul” by
Ripon 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 14, ln 16.

) distributed four choppers, giving one each to Goni, Aziz, Mitho, and Manik.
Goni testified to seeing each of them receive a chopper. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 22, ln 1–19.

That “dark-skinned man” also told everyone that they should carry a stick or
wooden weapon if need be. After this, Goni, Aziz, Mitho, Rasal, Ripon and
Manik walked towards Avenue 1 together with some others whom Goni did not
know. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 23, ln 1–10.

34 I turn to evaluate Goni’s testimony. Goni, too, received a chopper and had
no reason to falsely implicate Manik. By testifying that Manik also received a
chopper, he was not reducing his own involvement. Goni’s evidence about the
distribution at the canteen sits consistently with Ripon’s testimony that
there was such a distribution, which was not challenged by the Defence. There
was some discrepancy in that Ripon testified that the meeting occurred at a
computer room at Tech Park near Avenue 4, and the distribution of weapons at
the Canteen, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 4, ln 21–26, and at p 14, ln 3–9.

but nothing turns on this since Ripon acknowledged that the two venues were
close.

35 Other than Ripon, the other people identified at the meeting and who were
called as witnesses were Toton, Emon, and Rasal. Their account was
inconsistent with Goni’s, but these inconsistencies could be rationalised in
context. Whereas Goni testified that Emon and Toton were at the Canteen, Emon
and Toton claimed that they were not there but were only at Avenue 6. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 6 (Emon); NE 16 January 2020 at p 7 (Toton).

However, Rasal and Ripon both testified that Emon was there at Avenue 4 that
evening 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 34, ln 23–27 (Rasal); NE 14 January 2020 at p 4, ln
21–22 (Ripon).

while Ripon also testified that Toton was present. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 4, ln 21–22.

Emon and Toton were in fact leaders in the syndicate, and that evening, they
were the ones who had given the instructions to go to Avenue 1 to confront the
rival syndicate. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 34, ln 23–27 (Rasal); NE 14 January 2020 at p 5, ln
3–12 (Ripon).

It was therefore clear that Emon and Toton would have had every incentive to
distance themselves from the events that evening, and to testify that they
were not at Avenue 4. In this light, this apparent inconsistency between
Goni’s evidence, on the one hand, and Emon’s and Toton’s evidence, on the
other, did not cast any doubt on Goni’s credibility. As for Rasal, Goni had
testified that Rasal was at the meeting in the Canteen. Rasal, however,
claimed that he had met the group which was walking towards Avenue 1 on the
road at Avenue 4. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 33, ln 25–27.

Either could have been mistaken in this detail and this was not a material
discrepancy that undermined Goni’s evidence.

36 The Defence’s case that Goni was not a credible witness also concerned
Goni’s evidence about Manik entering the taxi with a chopper. Therefore, I
turn to that aspect of the evidence.

Manik entering taxi with chopper

37 Manik, after leaving the scene of the incident, ran to the waiting taxi.
Two witnesses saw Manik holding a chopper when he entered the taxi:

(a) Mamun testified that when Manik entered the taxi, he saw a “big knife kind
of thing” in Manik’s hand. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 5, ln 10–12.

He maintained under cross-examination that it was the person who was sitting
on the extreme right, next to the right door, who had the chopper, and that he
had not mistaken Manik for Goni. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 11, ln 1–7 and 23–28.

(b) Goni testified that he saw Manik hold a chopper when entering the taxi. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 27, ln 23–26.

Fahad also saw Manik holding a chopper in his hands during the taxi ride. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 59, ln 23–25.

However, as Manik also claimed that Goni’s chopper had been placed in his lap,
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 33, ln 16 – 17

Fahad’s evidence was not determinative of whether Manik had a chopper from the
very beginning of the taxi ride. The focus, therefore, was on Mamun’s and
Goni’s evidence.

38 The Defence submitted that the chopper that Manik was seen with in the taxi
was actually Goni’s. Goni was lying and Mamun was mistaken when they testified
that Manik had carried a chopper into the taxi. I turn now to assess the
strength of Goni’s and Mamun’s evidence.

39 The first issue relates to the order in which the various persons arrived
at and boarded the taxi and the order in which they sat. For the purposes of
this analysis, I discounted Sohel, who was seated in the front passenger seat.

(a) Fahad had testified that Mamun was already in the taxi, and that he
boarded next, followed by Toton, then Manik and Goni (although the order of
the last two was not clear). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 59, ln 4–20.

They then sat in the following order, from left to right (facing towards the
front of the taxi): Toton, Fahad, Mamun, Goni/Manik. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE 14 January 2020 at pp 69–70.

In cross-examination, Fahad appeared to be sure that Manik was sitting next to
Mamun, while Goni was sitting next to the door. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 72, ln 10–12.

(b) Mamun did not give clear evidence on the order of arrival, but testified
that they sat in the following order (again, from left to right): Toton, Goni,
Fahad, Mamun, and Manik. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 6, ln 9–19.

In particular, Mamun had testified that Goni had entered from the left. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 9, ln 30–31.

(c) Goni testified that, when he arrived, Fahad, Toton and Mamun were already
there. He then boarded the taxi and was followed by Manik. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 26, ln 30–32.

In his EIC, he testified that they were seated in the following order: Toton,
Fahad, Mamun, Goni/Manik. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 27, ln 5–18.

In cross-examination, he then testified that the order was actually Toton,
Fahad, Goni, Mamun, and Manik. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 38, ln 26–28.

(d) Toton testified that he was the last to get into the taxi 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE 16 January 2020 at p 10, ln 9–12.

and that he was seated on Fahad’s lap. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 16 January 2020 at p 10, ln 18–20.

(e) Manik testified that he was the first to board the taxi (after Mamun, who
was already there). 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 24, ln 19–23.

He claimed that they were seated in this order: Toton/Fahad, Manik,
Goni/Mamun. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 1, ln 28–30.

40 It was not surprising that there were some differences in the accounts
given by all of the witnesses, given that it must have been a chaotic evening,
and these details were being recalled more than three years after the fact. It
was also important to note that this was a situation of five grown men
squeezing into the backseat of a taxi which would normally only fit three. As
such, given the degree of confusion expected, the exact order could be
difficult to piece together. Despite these qualifications, however, the
evidence was consistent that Manik was on the right side of the taxi, in
particular, to the right of Mamun – Fahad, Mamun, and Goni maintained this,
and Toton did not give evidence on the overall order of seating. This lent
further credence to Mamun’s evidence that it was Manik who had the chopper
when he entered, since it was the person on his right that had the chopper.

41 Manik sought to rely on the taxi’s camera footage to show that he had been
seated in the middle. The footage, admitted in CD6, showed Toton and Fahad
alighting from the taxi first. A while later, the taxi is shown stopped by the
road. The first person to be seen walking on the left of the taxi is Manik. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE 26 February 2020 at pp 59–62.

The Defence argued that this was proof that Manik had been sitting in the
middle, to Mamun’s left and to the right of Toton and Fahad, such that when
Toton and Fahad alighted, he was seated next to the left door and was the
first to alight, presumably by the left door. The Prosecution noted, however,
that Goni and Mamun were not captured in the footage, and that just because
Manik was seen first did not mean that he was the first to alight from the
left. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 65, ln 21–23.

I agreed with the Prosecution that the footage did not go so far as to prove
that Manik was seated in the middle to Toton’s and Fahad’s right. In the
absence of evidence of where Goni and Mamun were relative to the taxi, it
could not be ruled out that Manik was seated on the right and was the first to
alight from the right door, then went behind the taxi and to the left before
walking in front of the taxi, or that Goni and Mamun had exited from the left
first and were standing out of the view of the camera. I did not find that
this aspect of the evidence cast doubt on Goni’s and Mamun’s testimonies
concerning what Manik was holding when he entered the taxi.

42 Manik criticised Goni’s testimony as to what he did with his own chopper.
In particular, Manik pointed to Goni’s testimony that he had rolled down a
taxi window and threw his chopper out of the taxi. In cross-examination, Goni
first claimed that he had wound down the right window, but then recanted and
stated that it was the left window. This was when he claimed that as Manik
entered the taxi, he was pushed to Mamun’s left. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 38, ln 16–28.

A few questions later, Goni then stated that he did not wind down a window and
that there had already been a gap in the window. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 39, ln 24–26.

43 The evidence, however, suggested that the windows were closed, that no one
wound down the windows, and no one was seen throwing anything out of the
window. The taxi driver, Chong Say Leong, testified that the windows were
closed when he left the carpark at Avenue 1, although he could not be sure if
the windows were opened at any time during the journey. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 17 January 2020 at p 7, ln 22–26.

Mamun testified that no one had unwound the window and thrown anything out. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 13, ln 14–30.

Toton did not see anyone throw anything out of the window either, and, as far
as he remembered, did not see anybody wind down the window on the left side
(where he was), which was closed. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE 16 January 2020 at p 15, ln 28 to p 16, ln 12.

44 These were valid criticisms about Goni’s evidence. Nevertheless, these
criticisms did not raise any suggestion that he was lying. First, the chaos
would have been confusing. The witnesses could not be expected to have paid
attention to everything that was happening. For example, the taxi driver’s
conditioned statement only made reference to a total of five passengers, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PS23 at para 7.

when it was the clear evidence of the other witnesses that there were six
passengers in total, with five in the backseat. Second, Goni had no reason to
lie. There was no suggestion that Goni was involved in Rahim’s attack. Goni
admitted from the beginning that he too had received a chopper during the
distribution at Avenue 4 prior to the incident. If he had wished to contrive
an account of how he threw away his chopper, easier circumventions were
available. Third, in any case, the Defence’s suggestion assumed that there was
only one chopper in the taxi. Their suggestion was that Goni had lied about
disposing of his chopper through the window, and that the only chopper seen in
the taxi – Goni’s chopper – was placed on Manik’s lap. This, however, ignored
the history that both Goni and Manik were given choppers together with Mitho
and Aziz at Avenue 4.

45 Mamun’s evidence was the most credible. He was apparently not involved in
the cigarette business 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE 15 January 2020, p 2, ln 31 – 32

or the fight that day and had no reason to lie. The Defence argued that Mamun
was mistaken as to the person entering from the right whom he saw holding the
chopper. It is not disputed that Mamun saw Manik for the first time in his
life when Manik entered the taxi. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 9, ln 9–10.

That was also the first time he had seen Goni. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 9, ln 7–8.

However, I was satisfied that Mamun had identified Manik as the person who was
carrying the chopper. First, as noted above, I have found that Manik had
entered the taxi from the right, and Mamun was clear that the person to his
right had the chopper. His account of where Goni was relative to him was also
consistent with Goni’s eventual testimony in cross-examination. Second, Mamun
also identified Manik as the person who was wearing a cap that day. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 15, ln 3–17.

Manik was the only one wearing a cap in the backseat of the taxi. Finally,
Mamun also identified Manik in court. In light of this, I found that Mamun’s
testimony could be accepted.

46 For the above reasons, I concluded that the evidence showed that Manik was
given a chopper by Kamrul at the distribution and that he had been carrying a
chopper when he boarded the taxi after the incident.

Manik’s testimony

47 My findings above were buttressed by Manik’s lack of credibility in giving
his account of that evening’s events.

48 Manik’s contention was that he was not involved in any meeting at the
Canteen. He ignored the group that had gathered there. He said he noticed that
there were quite a few people in the Canteen who used to live at the dormitory
at Avenue 4, such as Emon, Aziz and Mitho, but Manik testified that he “really
[didn’t] know them very well so [he] didn’t pay much attention to that”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 7, ln 19–27.

Rasal, Ripon and Goni were clear, on the other hand, that Manik was involved
in the meeting. Ripon testified that Manik was the person in charge of the
group after Emon and Toton. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 5, ln 9–10.

Video evidence established that Manik was at the head of the group that met at
Avenue 4 to resolve the issue at Avenue 1. Manik said it was a coincidence
that he was walking to Avenue 1 with Rasal and Ripon in order to sell
cigarettes and simply joined a larger group headed in the same direction. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 8, ln 1–11.

This was implausible. Further, Rasal and Ripon testified otherwise, admitting
that they knew about the dispute with the rival syndicate at Avenue 1 and were
walking with that group to Avenue 1 to address the dispute. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 37, ln 1–3 (Rasal); NE 14 January 29020 at p 5, ln 3–6
(Ripon).

49  Second, when Manik’s attention was brought to a frame at “21:47:14” of the
Bus Camera Footage which showed the reflective surface of a rectangular shape
near his body, Manik claimed that the object was not in his hand, but was on
the ground. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 22, ln 27–29.

This frame was reproduced in P192. Manik claimed that his hand was at his
waist, so the object could not have been in his hand as it was lower than
that, nearer to his knee. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 68, ln 3–18.

This was a lie. The footage clearly showed Manik’s hand movements, and the
object in question was in his hand at the time. More fundamentally, if the
object was on the ground, it would have been there throughout the footage.
While I had found above that the Bus Camera Footage did not prove that he was
holding a chopper, I also found that the present lie was motivated by a fear
of the truth that he was, in fact, holding a chopper. The denial that he was
holding the object that reflected some light – whether a wooden stick, chopper
or otherwise – was a blatant attempt to diminish his role in the incident.
This was a lie that corroborated the finding that he was holding a chopper.

50 Finally, his evidence about not carrying a knife into the taxi did not
withstand scrutiny. In his statement, Manik first claimed that, “it was Rasal
and Fahad who actually put their knives on [his] lap because there was no
space in the taxi.” 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

P186 at para 8.16: AB at p 260.

At trial, however, he changed his evidence that it was Goni who had put a
single knife in his lap. The first discrepancy was as to the number of knives.
The second discrepancy was as to the identity of the person who had put the
knife in his lap. Rasal was never in the taxi. Manik’s explanation that he was
confused and that he had mistaken Mamun for “Rasal” could not be believed
because, on his own account, he had met Rasal and Ripon earlier and had gone
to Avenue 1 together that evening. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 33, ln 19–21.

He clearly knew who Rasal was and there was no reason for him to mistake Mamun
for Rasal. This was especially so when he then sought to give detailed
evidence on the order of seating in the taxi. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 1, ln 25–30.

Further, he candidly explained at trial that he was contending at trial that
it was Goni who had put the chopper in his lap because he had heard Goni
testify to having a chopper in the taxi at trial. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 5, ln 15–19.

51 These three assertions – that he was not involved in any meeting at the
Canteen; that the object was not in his hand but on the floor; and the change
in his position on the knives in the taxi – were, in my judgment, deliberate
lies. His assertions have been proven to be false by independent evidence. All
related to material issues in relation to his carrying a chopper: that he had
a role in the syndicate and was involved in the chopper distribution; that he
was holding a chopper with a reflective surface at the scene; and that the
knife on his lap was his own and not Goni’s. The motive for these assertions
must have been a fear of the truth and could be used to corroborate the
Prosecution’s evidence that he was carrying a chopper during the attack: see R
v Lucas (Ruth) [1981] QB 720 at 724, approved by and applied to lies in court
by Public Prosecutor v Yeo Choon Poh [1993] 3 SLR(R) 302 at [29]–[33].

52 Therefore, I found that Manik had in fact received a chopper at Avenue 4
prior to the incident, that he used the chopper during the incident, and that
he brought that same chopper into the taxi after the incident.

“Kop”

53 In that context, I come to a final category of evidence relevant to the
chopper, in relation to the Bengali word “kop”. A variety of witnesses
testified that Manik had used the word “kop” at the discussion at East Coast
Park after the incident, in the context of describing what he had done at
Avenue 1 (which I discuss in detail at [66] below). The focus here is on the
word “kop” itself. The Prosecution argued that it meant “chopped”, consistent
with cutting or slashing with a chopper. Ripon, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 32, ln 31 to p 33, ln 4.

Fahad 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 62 ln 30 to p 63, ln 2.

, and Goni 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 33, ln 14–22.

gave similar evidence (although Ripon and Fahad acknowledged that the word
might have different meanings in different districts), as did Mohammad Zahurul
Hasan, a Bengali interpreter who had worked for 15 years for the Singapore
Police Force and helped with around 12 cases of violent crimes per year. He
testified that “kop” refers to the act of “chopping”, associated with “knives,
chopper or any kind of similar nature of weapons”, ie “sharp object[s]” 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE 22 January 2020 at p 3, ln 1–13.

and not with wooden sticks or poles. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 22 January 2020 at p 3, ln 18–20.

At the same time, the Defence argued that “kop” meant “hit” and could refer to
using a wooden stick. Rasal’s evidence was arguably consistent with the
Defence’s case, in that he testified that “kop” meant “hit”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 49, ln 1.

Manik, when giving his EIC, tendered an extract from a Bengali-English
dictionary to show the meaning of the word “kop” (to which the Prosecution did
not raise any objections). It appears that the court interpreter accepted that
“kopa” or “kop” were similar in meaning “depending on which part of
Bangladesh” the words were used in, and, with reference to the dictionary,
stated that the word “kop” or “kopa” was referring to the word “kopano”, 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 30, ln 7–22.

meaning “strike with a rammer; chop up; dig up; cut to pieces; strike
repeatedly with a weapon”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Exhibit D4.

54 In my view, the use of the word “kop” was not conclusive either way. This
was because if the object had been a stick, “kop” would appear to have meant
hit, and if it had been a chopper, it would have meant cut or slash. There was
no definitive evidence that the word could not be used and was never used in
the context of a stick. Because of this, the use of the term could not be
taken as proof of or support that Manik used a chopper on the night in
question. Hence, these various statements were not definitive of the issue of
what Manik was carrying. In the context of my prior finding that he had a
chopper, however, it would mean that a chopper was used to cut or slash. I
return to the statements in the context of later issues to which they were
relevant.

Did Manik inflict the Fatal Injury?

55 I turn to the crucial question of whether Manik had inflicted the Fatal
Injury.

Bus Camera Footage

56 The Prosecution relied heavily on the Bus Camera Footage in its
submissions. While the Bus Camera Footage did not show Manik inflicting the
Fatal Injury, the Prosecution submitted that the inference that he did so
could be drawn. The Prosecution relied upon the orientation of the Fatal
Injury, an incised wound on Rahim’s left leg which ran in the upper posterior
to lower anterior direction. In simpler terms, the wound ran from the top
right to the bottom left on Rahim’s left leg, when observed facing Rahim.

57 To facilitate analysis, I set out a summary description of the key
incidents captured in the Bus Camera Footage in the following table:

S/N| Time Stamp| Description  
---|---|---  
1\. | 21:47:06–21:47:07| Rahim enters the scene, falling. Mitho follows soon after. Mitho begins kicking Rahim.  
2\. | 21:47:08| Manik enters the scene. Mitho continues kicking Rahim. Mitho is standing at Rahim’s head.  
3\. | 21:47:09| Manik makes his first strike against Rahim while standing at Rahim’s feet.   
4\. | 21:47:10| Aziz enters the scene. He arrives at Rahim’s feet standing to Manik’s right. Manik is seen picking something up. Mitho hits Rahim, somewhere on his torso.  
5\. | 21:47:11| Aziz makes his first strike against Rahim.  
6\. | 21:47:12| Manik makes his second strike. Aziz also makes his second strike.  
7\. | 21:47:13| Manik makes his third strike. Aziz also makes his third strike. It is not clear what Mitho does. Rahim starts getting up. As he does so, facing away from Aziz and Manik, both Aziz and Manik are seen making strikes.  
8\. | 21:47:14| Rahim starts to leave. Manik starts to turn around to leave. Aziz is still trying to hit Rahim. When Manik has turned around and is leaving, the other two assailants also stop and then turn around to leave.  
9\. | 21:47:15–21:47:17| Rahim runs away while the three assailants run in the same direction from which they had come.  
  
58 Mitho was attacking Rahim’s upper body and head and was therefore not
responsible for the Fatal Injury. The Prosecution submitted that, as between
Manik and Aziz, the relative positions of each accused person and the
direction of their strikes meant that it was an irresistible inference that it
was Manik who inflicted the Fatal Injury.

59 In response, the Defence argued that the Bus Camera Footage did not show
that Manik inflicted the Fatal Injury. They pointed out that Rahim’s legs were
not in fact visible in the parts of the footage when Manik allegedly inflicted
that injury (from “21:49:09” to “21:47:11”). The Bus Camera Footage, they
argued, was recording in such low light and was of such a quality that the
silhouette of Rahim was completely indiscernible for a period, until around
“21:47:12”, which was just before he stood up and ran away at around
“21:47:13”.

60 In my judgment, it was not possible to discern from the Bus Camera Footage
that Manik was the one who had inflicted the Fatal Injury. First, as the
Defence rightly pointed out, the Bus Camera Footage was not of a very high
quality, which problem was compounded by the darkness of many of the scenes,
rendering it difficult to discern the positions of the various limbs. Further,
at some points, the view of Rahim’s legs was obstructed by the bodies of the
assailants. It was not clear from the Bus Camera Footage which particular
slash caused the Fatal Injury.

61 In final written submissions, the Prosecution further provided a number of
graphics which superimposed outlines of each person’s body onto screenshots
from the Bus Camera Footage. These figures were not, however, simple
observations but a series of extrapolations that made assumptions about how
the limbs were positioned and moved, and sought to present clear lines where
the Bus Camera Footage lacked definition. For example, the Prosecution’s
diagram for the scene at “21:47:11” showed a detailed outline of Rahim’s legs
when Aziz struck him. However, on a viewing of the Bus Camera Footage, Rahim’s
legs were not entirely discernible at that point. The Prosecution’s diagrams
were a plausible interpretation of the Bus Camera Footage, but as such, they
were a possibility and not a certainty. That being the case, the process for
making these extrapolations and the drawing of these diagrams should have been
tested as evidence in court, together with their various assumptions. These
diagrams were moreover not put to Manik during trial. While Manik was cross-
examined on certain scenes from the Bus Camera Footage, the graphics added
interpretations to those scenes and should have been put to Manik during
cross-examination. By leaving the diagrams to their final submissions, the
Prosecution had deprived Manik of the opportunity of giving a specific
response to the Prosecution’s interpretation of and assumptions made
concerning the footage. In my view, the rule in Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67
applied to this issue, as reaffirmed by the Court of Appeal in Sudha Natrajan
v The Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141 at [48] (approved in the criminal
context in Harven a/l Segar v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 771 at [66]):

[W]here a submission is going to be made about a witness or the evidence given
by the witness which is of such a nature and of such importance that it ought
fairly to have been put to the witness to give him the opportunity to meet
that submission, to counter it or to explain himself, then if it has not been
so put, the party concerned will not be allowed to make that submission.

62 Second, the Prosecution’s submissions on the directions of the strikes made
by each of the accused persons were also based on the Bus Camera Footage and,
therefore, suffered similar limitations. The Bus Camera Footage allowed the
court to observe some of the movements of the various assailants’ bodies and
their arms, but it was unclear how this would affect the orientations of the
wounds inflicted. Apart from broad movements of the bodies, the Bus Camera
Footage did not show the details of each body part, especially the full range
of movement of the arms and the weapons held in the accused persons’ hands.
Further, elements such as the strength of the strike, the length of the swing,
the angle at which the blade of the weapon contacted Rahim’s flesh, and the
relative orientation of Rahim’s body to the strike, especially how each of
these might affect the orientation of the wound inflicted, were not canvassed
in evidence. The only thing offered by the Prosecution was its opinion that
Manik’s strikes must have inflicted the Fatal Injury and that Aziz’ strikes
did not. Once again, the Prosecution relied on the diagrams to show how the
wounds were oriented. For the same reasons as above, I did not find it
appropriate to rely on this evidence. The various submissions on the angles of
the strikes and the wounds inflicted would have benefitted from expert
evidence and a reconstruction of the Prosecution’s hypothesis. In the absence
of such evidence, there was a risk of introducing speculation based on low-
quality footage.

63 Third, on a viewing of the Bus Camera Footage, I did not find it
sufficiently clear to conclude that it was only Manik who could have inflicted
the Fatal Injury. Aziz made two key strikes against Rahim.

(a) In relation to Aziz’s strike at “21:47:11”, that analysis was based on an
assumption of where Rahim’s legs were, the orientation of his legs, and the
length of the strike. The Prosecution’s submission was that Aziz’s swing
clearly went past Rahim’s legs. In my view, it was not so clear. There
appeared on the face of the Bus Camera Footage to be the possibility that
Rahim had in fact moved his body and legs in such a way that Aziz’s weapon
would have caused the Fatal Injury. Rahim’s knees could be seen moving up to
his body just before Aziz made his strike, and the subsequent frames lacked
definition and his legs could not be clearly seen. Further, the Prosecution’s
diagram sought to show Aziz’s weapon striking Rahim’s abdomen on the left
side, but no injuries on the left side of Rahim’s torso was observed by Dr
Chan in the autopsy. The only injury in that region was a small abrasion
measuring 0.4cm x 0.4cm on the right iliac fossa, that is, near the right hip.
117

##### Foot Note 117

×

P162 at p 3: AB at p 63.

This lent further credence to the possibility that Aziz had struck Rahim’s
legs instead. In my view, there was a reasonable doubt raised by the
possibility, on the Bus Camera Footage, that Aziz had struck Rahim’s legs and
inflicted the Fatal Injury.

(b) In relation to Aziz’s strike at “21:47:12”, the real possibility that
Aziz’s weapon had managed to strike Rahim’s left leg at an angle could not be
ruled out, since it was not clear that Rahim had managed to shield his left
leg completely by that point. Indeed, the Prosecution’s submissions were most
plausible only if one were considering a stationery target. Where, as here,
Rahim was struggling and moving, the inference sought by the Prosecution was
not so easy to draw and gaps were left in the Prosecution’s case.

64 It was certainly possible, on the Bus Camera Footage, that Manik was the
person responsible for the Fatal Injury; equally, Aziz could have been the
person responsible. Neither could be proved beyond reasonable doubt, although
it was clear that one of these two assailants must have inflicted the Fatal
Injury. In the absence of sufficient evidence, or where the only evidence
available required speculation and conjecture on the court’s part to support
the inferences sought by the Prosecution, a reasonable doubt could arise:
Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at [59].
This was the situation in the present case.

Statements heard by other witnesses

65 The Prosecution sought to prove two statements made by Manik to other
members of the syndicate, in an attempt to prove that Manik was the one who
had inflicted the Fatal Injury. Oral statements made by Manik to other persons
could conceivably be proved against Manik if they amounted to admissions: see
ss 17(1), 18(1) and 21 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). But in the
present case it was not clear if it could be reliably determined what
statements were actually made. First, in relation to a statement allegedly
made in the getaway taxi after the incident, Mamun claimed that Manik told
Toton that someone was chopped (“kop”). Toton, however, was unable to remember
if there was a discussion in the taxi. According to Goni, Manik said that Aziz
and Mitho had chopped (“kop”) somebody. Manik’s evidence was that he said
nothing in the taxi. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 26, ln 3–4.

I did not find that the Prosecution had proved that Manik had made any such
admission in the taxi, and in any case, these statements did not attribute the
Fatal Injury to Manik.

66 Second, the Prosecution sought to prove a statement that was attributed to
Manik when the witnesses were gathered around a table at East Coast Park. I
have already indicated above (at [54]) that the word “kop” was equivocal and
its meaning depended on the context. The following uses of the word “chopped”
for “kop” should be understood with this finding in mind, and on the basis
that I had found that Manik was armed with a chopper:

(a) According to Rasal, Manik said that he chopped somebody. He did not say
who he chopped, or what he chopped with. Rahim’s name was not mentioned. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 41, ln 22–24, 30–31.

(b) According to Ripon, Manik said that he gave two or three chops to Rahim.
One chop hit the ground and the knife was bent, and another hit Rahim’s leg
and this caused bleeding. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 17, ln 21–32.

(c) According to Goni, Manik said that he chopped somebody but this was not
very important. He did not say who he chopped or which leg he chopped. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 30, ln 9–17.

(d) According to Toton, Manik said, “Nothing to worry about. I just did a
small, regular kop” to Rahim. Manik did not say what he used. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE 16 January 2020 at p 11, ln 21–32.

67 Putting aside Manik’s contention as to what he said for the moment, these
statements were not consistent one with the other, and, more fundamentally,
there is no attribution of the Fatal Injury to Manik. Ripon was the only one
to testify that Manik made reference to hitting Rahim’s leg, but even then, it
was not clear if that was the Fatal Injury itself. In my judgment, it would be
unsafe to rely on this evidence to find that Manik had inflicted the Fatal
Injury.

Conclusion on attribution for the Fatal Injury

68 As such, I concluded that the Prosecution had not proved its case beyond
reasonable doubt that Manik was the one who inflicted the Fatal Injury on
Rahim.

69 I deal briefly with the Defence’s contention that even if Manik did inflict
the Fatal Injury, it was not intentionally inflicted. The Court of Appeal
explained this requirement in Public Prosecutor v Lim Poh Lye and another
[2005] 4 SLR(R) 582 at [22] as follows:

As stated in Virsa Singh, for an injury to fall within s 300(c), it must be
one which, in the normal course of nature, would cause death and must not be
an injury that was accidental or unintended, or that some other kind of injury
was intended. Whether a particular injury was accidental or unintended is a
question of fact which has to be determined by the court in the light of the
evidence adduced and taking into account all the surrounding circumstances of
the case. [emphasis added]

70 This contention is also important for my findings on the Prosecution’s
Alternative Case. In my view, the person who inflicted the Fatal Injury would
have done so intentionally, for the following reasons:

(a) Even if Rahim was moving his legs, the wound was a long and deep one that
must have been inflicted with sufficient force to cause fractures of the
surrounding bone. It was clear that it could not have been an unintentional
wound. The fact that Rahim was moving his legs does not give rise to a
reasonable doubt that the injury was not intentionally inflicted. The weapon
must have been swung at Rahim with force.

(b) The injury was inflicted in the context of an attack when Rahim was on the
floor and the assailants standing over him. There was nothing accidental about
the Fatal Injury.

(c) While Dr Chan’s evidence was that save for the Fatal Injury and a wound to
the back, all the other incised wounds were relatively superficial, there is
no objective evidence to even raise a doubt that whoever struck the Fatal
Injury in particular did not do so with intention.

The Alternative Case

71 Having found that the Prosecution had not proved that Manik inflicted the
Fatal Injury, I turn to the Alternative Case.

Necessity for common intention

72 As the Prosecution was unable to establish that Manik inflicted the Fatal
Injury, they required the mechanism of s 34 of the Penal Code to establish
Manik’s liability for the offence. To rely on s 34, the Prosecution had to
prove that the criminal act was done in furtherance of the common intention
shared by Aziz, Mitho and Manik and that Manik had participated in the
criminal act. In the present case, the requirements of criminal act and
participation were not disputed. The issue was whether the infliction of the
Fatal Injury was in furtherance of their common intention to cause s 300(c)
injury.

73  I deal first with the Defence contention that because Manik was, on the
Alternative Case, assumed to be a secondary offender, common intention could
not be established in the absence of establishing the intention of the primary
offender. The argument was that the Prosecution was required to first prove
that all three elements in Wang Wenfeng ([16] supra) were satisfied in respect
of the primary offender, before considering the issue whether constructive
liability could be imposed on secondary offenders, and in this case Mitho and
Aziz were not arrested and tried. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Defence’s Written Submissions at paras 71–75.

This argument assumed that s 34 could only operate if a “primary offender” who
was individually liable was identified and the elements of the offence first
proved against that “primary offender”. This was not so. Section 34 serves to
impose liability on offenders in accordance with their common intention once
they have participated in a particular criminal act, where the criminal act is
commonly intended. This mechanism may be used where the “criminal act” has
actors who assist in various parts of the act, or actors all performing the
same act. The present case involved multiple actors, each of whom could have
potentially been responsible for the criminal act. All are liable so long as
the common intention is proved.

74 The point is well illustrated by Public Prosecutor v Chia Kee Chen and
another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 249 (“Chia Kee Chen”). There, the victim had died
from the accumulation of blows inflicted by the two accused, Chia and Febri,
but it was “not possible to identify the mortal blow, let alone attribute it
to either Chia or Febri” [emphasis in original]: Chia Kee Chen at [87]. In
other words, it would not strictly have been possible to prove that either
Chia or Febri was guilty of the primary offence, since it could not be proved
which one had inflicted the s 300(c) injury. However, the Court of Appeal held
that this was not relevant in Chia Kee Chen at [89]:

It was thus clear that questions such as whether it was Chia or Febri who
struck the mortal blow, or whether Febri had struck more blows than Chia, were
ultimately irrelevant, if we were satisfied that Chia and Febri shared a
common intention to inflict the particular s 300(c) injuries on the Deceased
(these being the craniofacial injuries which were sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death) …

The Court of Appeal held that it was not necessary to identify who exactly had
caused the victim’s death, which meant that it was not necessary to find that
one of them was liable under s 300(c) of the Penal Code, since s 300(c) of the
Penal Code requires that the act of the accused caused death. Instead, given
the nature of s 34 of the Penal Code, exactly who satisfied the actus reus
requirements under s 300(c) of the Penal Code was not a necessary question to
resolve, as long as the criminal act was done in furtherance of the requisite
common intention. Similarly in the present case, it is the common intention to
inflict the particular s 300(c) injury that is crucial. It was not necessary
to ascertain who struck the Fatal Injury, so long as I was able to infer,
beyond reasonable doubt, that the requisite common intention was shared by the
participants.

Content of common intention required

75 I turn then to consider the content of the common intention required by the
charge. While s 34 of the Penal Code may play different roles depending on the
factual circumstance, there is no difference in the legal standard to be
applied to common intention across these different situations. In the context
of s 300(c) read with s 34 of the Penal Code, the requisite intention is the
common intention to inflict s 300(c) injury. The Prosecution argued that the
common intention only needed to be to inflict the injury, and the question of
whether it was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death was
to be determined objectively, similar to individual liability under the same
section.

76 Several reasons militate against such a reading. First, when the Court of
Appeal held that the common intention for s 300(c) read with s 34 of the Penal
Code was the common intention to inflict “s 300(c) injury”, it defined the
phrase as the entire concept of “bodily injury which was sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death”: Daniel Vijay ([19] supra) at [49].

77 Second, the Court of Appeal clearly distinguished between the elements of s
300(c) of the Penal Code as set out in Virsa Singh ([16] supra) and the
requirements for constructive liability under s 34 of the Penal Code, holding
that the former was inappropriate for constructive liability and requiring a
higher degree of intention for the latter: Daniel Vijay at [145]. Its object
in so doing was explained at [167]:

It must be remembered that a charge of murder founded on s 300(c) of the Penal
Code read with s 34 (ie, a charge against a secondary offender) is not the
same as a charge against the actual doer (ie, the primary offender), which
would be based on s 300(c) alone. In the latter case, it is not necessary to
consider whether the actual doer intended to cause the victim s 300(c) injury;
instead, it is only necessary to consider whether the actual doer subjectively
intended to inflict the injury which was in fact inflicted on the victim and,
if so, whether that injury which was in fact inflicted on the victim and, if
so, whether that injury was, on an objective assessment, sufficiently serious
to amount to s 300(c) injury. In contrast, in the former case (ie, where a
secondary offender is charged with murder under s 300(c) read with s 34),
because of the express words “in furtherance of the common intention of all”
in s 34, it is necessary to consider whether there was a common intention
among all the offenders to inflict s 300(c) injury on the victim (the
inflicting of such injury being the criminal act which gives rise to the
offence of s 300(c) murder). [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added
in bold italics]

The Prosecution’s position contradicted this specific holding by the Court of
Appeal, since their submissions effectively applied Virsa Singh again to s
300(c) read with s 34 of the Penal Code.

78 Third, the Court of Appeal also stated expressly that, in substance, the
common intention to cause s 300(c) injury is “the same as a common intention
to cause death by the infliction of the specific injury which was in fact
caused to the victim” [emphasis added]: Daniel Vijay at [146]. Hence, the
fatal nature of the injury had also to be commonly intended. In the same vein,
in Kho Jabing and another v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 634 (“Kho Jabing”)
at [32]–[35], V K Rajah JA referred to the “common intention to murder”.

79 The Prosecution argued in their oral response that the approach of the
Court of Appeal had shifted in Chia Kee Chen ([74] supra). I did not think so.
At [46], the Court of Appeal reiterated that Daniel Vijay required common
intention “specifically, a type of injury sufficient in the ordinary cause of
nature to cause death and not any other type of injury”. At [88], the Court of
Appeal referred to Daniel Vijay once more, identifying the common intention as
the intention to inflict “the particular s 300(c) injury or injuries”. Having
thus delineated “the particular s 300(c) injuries” the Court of Appeal then
used the frame at [89], adding for good measure “(these being the craniofacial
injuries which were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause
death)”.

80 Therefore, the Prosecution’s approach did not have support from the
authorities. The necessary common intention under s 300(c) read with s 34 of
the Penal Code is the common intention to inflict s 300(c) injury, not just a
common intention to inflict injury, such injury then objectively being
determined to be sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. I
turn, then, to the facts.

What happened at Avenue 1?

81 The Prosecution and Defence had significantly different versions of events
that took place after Manik shook Rahim’s hand. The following were the key
differences raised by Manik:

(a) Rahim first fled when two unknown assailants (see [15] above) attacked
Rahim from the back. Manik identified the unknown assailants as part of
Rahim’s syndicate group;

(b) Manik did not know that the victim of the incident was Rahim, but believed
that it was one of Rahim’s unknown assailants who had earlier attacked Rahim
from the back; 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 11, ln 28 – p 12 ln 2.

(c) he did not know who the other two assailants who attacked Rahim together
with him were at the time, and only found out that they were Aziz and Mitho
later (and even then, could not confirm that they were Aziz and Mitho); and

(d) he did not know that the other two assailants were using choppers at
first, but thought that they were using wooden sticks, and ran away after he
saw them using the choppers. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 45, ln 1–7.

82 I start with the first assertion concerning the trigger that caused the
group violence. The Prosecution witness who provided the most detailed account
of how the confusion started was Ripon. Ripon testified that Aziz took out a
knife and said, “Let’s chop hard this son of a bitch.” 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 12, ln 11.

Two of Rahim’s fellow syndicate members, Badsha and Rabbi then said, “Bring
chopper, we will chop them off.” 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 30, ln 23.

Aziz, Mitho, the other Mitho, Manik and Goni then ran after Rahim, but Ripon
and Toton ran to the other side. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 15, ln 18–31.

Other witnesses gave vague descriptions about someone shouting, “Police”,
causing everyone to dash around wildly. Manik’s version was not put to any
Prosecution witnesses, none of whom gave accounts consistent to his. In his
cross-examination of Ripon, defence counsel appeared to accept Ripon’s
account, using it to support his point that there was no plan to cause injury
using the choppers. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 29, ln 7–28.

While counsel made a vague reference to a prior statement of facts which
allegedly included the fact that Rahim was first attacked by unknown
assailants, counsel’s questions did not assert Manik’s version of events in
any meaningful manner. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 30, ln 2–9.

83 Manik’s second assertion was even harder to accept. Manik’s evidence was
that “the whole thing was a misunderstanding”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 42, ln 9 - 11

According to him, he had been under the impression that he was attacking one
of Rahim’s unknown assailants, and not Rahim. But Rahim was lying on the
ground facing upwards as Manik approached and Manik would have seen his face
when he attacked. When confronted with this, Manik claimed that he was
focusing on the foot, and did not notice who that person was. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 55, ln 9–11.

This was rather incredible.

84 Manik’s first and second assertions also contradicted the Bus Camera
Footage. On Manik’s account, Rahim was walking towards the taxi that was
parked near the bus bearing registration number YN934. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 46.

On the sketch plan (P160), 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB at p 55.

this meant walking away from “G”, where the incident occurred. At this point,
the two unknown assailants allegedly attacked Rahim from the back and then ran
in the direction of “G”. Rahim then gave chase, and fell down at around “G” or
“H”. Two problems arise on this account. First, the Bus Camera Footage did not
capture anybody running ahead of Rahim. The Bus Camera Footage had a full
field of vision covering the space between bus PA2494A and the row of buses on
the other side of the carpark. From as far before the incident as the Bus
Camera Footage went, starting at around “21:45:08”, just under two minutes
before the incident, no one was captured running ahead in the same direction
as Rahim. Secondly, the distance between where Rahim was allegedly first
attacked and where he fell down was a short distance, around 15m according to
Manik. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 46, ln 21–26.

It was entirely incredible that Manik managed to mistake Rahim, who was
running from where Manik was, for one of the unknown assailants in that short
distance, especially given that the Bus Camera Footage did not show other
people running ahead of Rahim or around Rahim. There was no “crowd” as Manik
alleged. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 46, ln 24

He clearly chased down Rahim, with no hesitation, no confusion, and with
nothing interfering with his line of sight.

85 I also rejected Manik’s claim that he did not know the identities of his
two fellow assailants at the time. At trial, Manik had attempted to resile
from his identifications of Aziz and Mitho in his statement (P186), claiming
that he was just basing it on what others had told him. In particular, he
claimed that an amendment to para 8.14 of his statement, which stated that
Aziz and Mitho were the first to slash Rahim’s back and was handwritten, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

AB at p 260.

was in fact not added by him. When the Prosecution pointed out that he had
signed for the amendment, he claimed that he only signed for the deletion of
“a”, not the addition of the whole sentence. However, this allegation was not
put to the statement recorder, DSP Alvin Phua Kin Jong, despite him being
questioned on para 8.14 of P186, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE 9 January 2020 at p 29, ln 10–12.

nor to the interpreter for the statement, Ms Syeda RRM Sajeda. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 1, ln 12–13.

Manik further claimed that he had couched his identifications with qualified
language like “probably” and “likely” but that these were not recorded. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 3–10.

Again, these allegations were not put to those who might have been able to
respond. The rule in Browne v Dunn applied here as these were allegations that
the witnesses should have, as a matter of fairness, been allowed to explain or
counter (see [61] above). The allegations that the statement recorder and/or
the interpreter either added a sentence or failed to take note of key words
like “probably” or “likely” were serious and of such a nature that they should
have been allowed to respond. In the absence of that cross-examination,
therefore, I found that Manik could not now suggest that the statement was
incorrectly recorded.

86 In fact, on Manik’s own evidence, he was acquainted with Aziz and Mitho and
saw them at the Canteen in Avenue 4 that night in question, although his
evidence was that he did not speak to them as he claimed that he did not know
them well. On his own account, they also happened to be in the group going
towards Avenue 1, and went up to talk to Toton when Toton exited the taxi. I
found Manik’s attempts to distance himself by claiming that he did not
recognise the other two persons to be incredible. It contradicted his
unqualified identification of the two other assailants in his statement. On
his evidence, he would have been attacking Rahim with two strangers, which was
incredible and inconsistent with the Bus Camera Footage.

87 As to his claim at trial that he did not know that the other two assailants
were using knives until Aziz started to attack Rahim, Manik could not be
believed. First, this claim was inconsistent with the previous account given
in his statement P186 at para 5.6, where he claimed that he had seen the
assailant carrying a knife when Rahim fell down. This followed his claim at
para 5.2 of his statement that Aziz and Mitho had “chopped Rahim when Rahim
was running away”, resulting in Rahim falling down. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

AB at pp 256–257.

His account at trial, however, pushed back the timing of when he realised that
there were knives involved to a later point, when Manik claimed to have seen a
knife in the third assailant’s, ie Aziz’s, hand before Aziz started to hit
Rahim: 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 12, ln 29 to p 13, ln 4.

The third person who came, I suddenly saw there was this shining thing in his
hand. Maybe it was a knife, I don’t know. It was shining. So when I saw this
shining thing, then I suddenly got scared that why there is knife in this
whole thing. So when I saw this shining thing, I---which I understood to be a
knife, then I---maybe the other persons were maybe they---it was Aziz or one
of them Mithu [sic]. But when I understood that there was like knife involved,
then I got scared and I left the place.

This account is inconsistent with his own statement in P186, since his
statement implied that he had already seen the knives when Aziz and Mitho
first attacked Rahim and caused him to fall. Further, his account at trial was
externally inconsistent with the clear evidence that Manik continued to hit
Rahim even after the third assailant arrived at Rahim. When confronted with
this, he could only say that it was dark and perhaps he could not see very
clearly, and reasserted that what he said was true. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 56, ln 1–6.

Finally, I disbelieved this account based on my finding above that Manik had
received a chopper alongside Aziz and Mitho at Avenue 4. In my judgment, Manik
knew that the other two assailants were going to use choppers when he attacked
Rahim.

88 I set out my findings on the relevant events. Manik was involved with his
syndicate that evening and was a part of the group that went to Avenue 1 for
the purpose of confronting the rival syndicate. He had attended the meeting at
Avenue 4, received instructions and a chopper, and walked with the group to
Avenue 1. As such, and consistent with the testimony of the other witnesses
and his own statement at paras 8.4–8.5, 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

AB at p 258.

he knew that they were intending to resolve the conflict over the sale of
contraband cigarettes at Avenue 1. At Avenue 1, Aziz and Mitho spoke with
Toton when he exited the taxi. Toton engaged with Rahim, and at around this
time, Manik went to shake Rahim’s hand. Toton suggested to Rahim to go to
Avenue 6 to talk, but in a subsequent confusion, Rahim fled, and was chased
down by Mitho, Manik, and Aziz, in that order. Manik knew that it was Rahim
that he was attacking. They attacked Rahim, each with a chopper, and after a
few seconds, Rahim managed to get up and run away, while the three assailants
left. The Fatal Injury was caused by one of the three. The crucial question
was whether the court could draw the inference that Manik shared the common
intention to cause s 300(c) injury to Rahim.

Was there the requisite common intention?

89 It was a matter of evidence whether the requisite common intention could be
inferred. As Sundaresh Menon CJ stated in Muhammad Khalis bin Ramlee v Public
Prosecutor [2018] 5 SLR 449 at [42]:

The law may require that the accused possess certain subjective states of mind
for the purposes of an offence, but that does not mean that the accused’s
intention and knowledge cannot be judged and inferred from his objective
conduct and all the surrounding circumstances. Barring a personal admission by
the accused, this will often be the only way to ascertain his state of mind.
[emphasis added]

In the specific context of common intention, it has often been noted that
(Daniel Vijay ([19] supra) at [97]):

[I]t is often difficult, if not impossible, for the Prosecution to procure
direct evidence that a common intention existed between all the offenders.
Thus, the existence (or otherwise) of such a common intention must frequently
be inferred from the offenders’ conduct and all the other relevant
circumstances of the case.

Was there any pre-arranged plan to cause s 300(c) injury?

90 I first considered the Prosecution’s case that there was a pre-conceived
plan to cause s 300(c) injury to Rahim. It is useful at this juncture to recap
the Prosecution’s case on common intention. The Prosecution argued that the
common intention to cause s 300(c) injury had arisen in advance of the
incident or that the common intention arose, at latest, when they gave chase
to Rahim. In terms of a plan to cause s 300(c) injury, the Prosecution
highlighted (i) that the three of them were aware that the syndicate planned
to fight with the rival syndicate; (ii) that the three had sufficient motive
to cause s 300(c) injury to Rahim, because they wanted to send a deterrent
message and to protect their income; and (iii) that the three of them had
armed themselves with choppers in advance of the incident, and choppers, by
their nature, were “apt to cause deep incised wounds, which are sufficient in
the ordinary course of nature to cause death”. The Prosecution further argued
that, in any case, the common intention arose at the latest when they chased
after Rahim, because (i) the three of them gave chase almost immediately when
Rahim ran away and they used weapons against Rahim when he fell to the ground;
(ii) all three used choppers, which showed an intention to cause s 300(c)
injury; and (iii) their attack on Rahim was ferocious.

91 Nevertheless, the evidence surrounding the discussion of the confrontation
and the distribution of weapons suggested that there was no plan to cause s
300(c) injury from the outset. Ripon testified that the instructions given
were that they would only fight back if the rival syndicate fought first.
There was no plan to kill anyone. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 20, ln 1–14.

Goni testified that at the meeting at Avenue 4, they discussed the problems
caused at Avenue 1, and that they intended to go and talk to solve the
problem. If talking did not work, however, then if the rival syndicate fought
them, they would fight back. It was in that context that they were armed at
the Canteen. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 22, ln 1 – 11

Toton also testified that there was no plan to kill or cause serious injury.
147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE 16 January 2020 at p 15, ln 11–16.

As Emon noted, it would not be in anyone’s interests to attack someone, and he
did not hear of any orders given to cause serious injury or to kill. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 12, ln 8–16.

Even if there was a conditional intention to attack the other side if they
were attacked, the plan to retaliate lacked specificity and the witnesses who
testified on this issue maintained that there was no intention to kill or
cause serious injury.

92 The catalyst for the incident was also unclear. The Defence did not object
to the evidence given by Ripon that Aziz sparked the incident when he took out
a knife and said, “Let’s chop hard this son of a bitch”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 12, ln 10–11.

However, Ripon’s testimony on cross-examination was that there was no plan for
Aziz to do what he did: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 29, ln 14–23.

Aziz was just “like that. He gets into fight [sic] everybody---before
everybody else.” 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 13, ln 17–19.

.

93 Notwithstanding the above, it was clear from the Prosecution evidence that
there was a plan of some sort. This was discussed at the meeting at the
Canteen, and weapons were distributed for that purpose. Counsel for the
Defence only challenged, in this context, that the plan was to kill.

94 It is in this context that I also considered Manik’s evidence which sought
to distance himself from various aspects of the plan for the day. I have
referred to three aspects in relation to his possession of a chopper (see
[48]–[51] above). At [85]–[87], I dealt with his attempt to distance himself
from Aziz and Mitho and his lie that he was unaware it was Rahim he attacked.
These were clearly motivated by a fear of guilt and an ineluctable inference
that he was a part of a plan to attack Rahim and injure him. The key question,
therefore, was whether there was any other evidence that the plan was to cause
s 300(c) injury.

Motive

95 The question of Manik’s motive, and, relatedly, his involvement in the
syndicate, was relevant. The Prosecution claimed that the syndicate had a
strong incentive to send a harsh message of deterrence to all those who might
challenge their business. In particular, they alleged that Manik was the
“second-in-charge of sales” at Avenue 1, that he was earning a profit that he
wanted to protect, and that he could have worked his way up the syndicate by
proving himself to the syndicate’s leaders. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions at para 1.

96 Manik’s own evidence was that he had been working for the syndicate for
only seven days, and that he was only helping to sell cigarettes. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 20, ln 22–23.

Prior to joining the syndicate, he was earning between $20 and $50 a day at
his regular job. He had joined the syndicate to supplement his income. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 37, ln 26–31.

He testified that he worked under Shopon who was in charge. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 38, ln 1–6.

When asked about how each group at the different locations earned money and
did not share the profits, he claimed that he did not know about how the money
was distributed in the syndicate. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 38, ln 10–16.

When the Prosecution suggested to him that he used a chopper to attack Rahim
because he wanted to impress his bosses, he responded that he was only earning
$10 to $15 per day from his involvement in the syndicate. As he was employed,
there was no incentive for him to hurt somebody just to advance in the
syndicate. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE 26 February 2020 at p 40, ln 19–24.

97 The evidence of the other witnesses was consistent with these claims.
Emon’s evidence was that Manik was only involved collecting money after sales
and passing the money to Shopon. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 4, ln 7–9.

He recalled that Manik had been working for the syndicate for less than a
month, and not very long in any case. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 11, ln 3–7.

Emon testified that he earned around $50 per day, as one of the persons in
charge of Avenue 4, 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 3, ln 24–25.

but did not know how much Shopon and Faraque made at Avenue 1 and how much
Manik received. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE 21 January 2020 at p 4, ln 13–15.

Toton stated that Manik worked at Avenue 1, but that he did not know what
Manik’s role was. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE 16 January 2020 at p 5, ln 4–9.

98 The most support that the Prosecution could derive from their witnesses was
from Ripon, who testified that on the evening of the incident, when Toton and
Emon left Avenue 4, Manik was left in charge of the group. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 5, ln 9–10.

But there was no evidence as to how or why Manik was put in charge, and what
responsibilities he was given, other than to bring the group to Avenue 1, nor
was there any evidence on Manik’s prospects in the syndicate.

99 The two Prosecution witnesses who were well placed to give evidence on this
were the leaders in the syndicate, Toton and Emon. But they did not provide
any details as to Manik’s position or ambitions in their testimony. Manik’s
direct superior Shopon, was not called as a witness. There was therefore no
evidence on which to contradict Manik’s claims that he was earning around $10
to $15 a day from the syndicate, and that he was working under Shopon selling
cigarettes. This was a significant point, as it ran counter to the
Prosecution’s hypothesis that Manik was willing to attack Rahim intending to
cause s 300(c) injury in order to protect a lucrative business and to advance
his personal standing in the syndicate. Manik’s case was that there was little
incentive for him to commit murder on behalf of the syndicate.

100 The Prosecution evidence did show that Manik would have an incentive to
impress Toton. In assessing the above evidence, I also took into account that
it would be natural for the Prosecution witnesses, given their involvement and
friendship with Manik, to be circumspect with the full truth. The contraband
cigarette business was seen by the syndicates as lucrative, and Manik would
have had a motive to prove himself to Toton and Shopon. The issue was whether
this motive led logically to an inference of the necessary intention. Even on
the Prosecution case, it was difficult to understand what Manik would have
achieved by sharing a common intention with Mitho and Aziz to cause an injury
that could in the ordinary cause of nature be sufficient to cause Rahim’s
death. His motive was to impress Toton and Shopon and be given greater
responsibility and share in the business. This motive would militate against a
motive to cause serious injury to Rahim, which would upend all such
aspirations. The greater scrutiny after such an event would detrimentally
affect the syndicate’s business and even his continued employment in
Singapore.

Surrounding circumstances

101 Additionally, the surrounding circumstances pointed away from a finding
that all three men held a common intention to cause s 300(c) injury. This
undermined both the Prosecution’s argument that there was a pre-arranged plan
to cause such injury and that the common intention arose on the spot just
before the offence was committed. First, the medical evidence militated
against a finding that the plan (either pre-arranged or emerging on the spot)
was to inflict s 300(c) injury. Dr Chan’s evidence was that the Fatal Injury
caused significant haemorrhage which was the cause of death. The remaining
injuries were the following:

(a) On Rahim’s lower limbs:

(i) A transverse incised wound measuring 2.7cm x 0.5cm (opposed length of
3cm), on the right thigh, which extended medially, superiorly and anteriorly
over a depth of 1.5cm, terminating within the soft tissue, pictured in P91.

(ii) An oblique incised wound measuring 5cm x 0.4cm (opposed length of 5cm) on
the right knee, terminating within the fat of the skin, pictured in P93.

(b) On Rahim’s upper limbs:

(i) A flaying injury with skin flap measuring 5cm x 2.5cm on the left arm, 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

P163 at para 2: AB at p 71.

with a very superficial (skin-deep) oblique incised wound 6.5cm long, pictured
in P101.

(ii) A transverse incised wound measuring 2cm long on the left thumb, pictured
in P97.

(iii) A curvilinear incised wound with skin flap measuring 3.5cm x 2.5cm on
the left index finger, with an underlying open fracture of the middle phalanx
and dislocation of the distal interphalangeal joint, pictured in P97 and P99.

(c) On Rahim’s back:

(i) An oblique incised wound measuring 5.5cm x 1.8cm (opposed length of 6cm)
on the left lower thoracic region of the back, which extended laterally and
inferiorly and terminated in the fat of the skin, pictured in P108.

(ii) An oblique incised wound measuring 10cm x 2cm (opposed length of 10cm) on
the left lower thoracic region of the back, extending anteriorly and
superiorly over a depth of 2cm, through the full thickness of skin and
incising the underlying left latissimus dorsi muscle, pictured at P108. Dr
Chan explained that this was the deepest injury aside from the Fatal Injury,
as it reached the muscle whereas the others were relatively superficial. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 9, ln 6–7.

(iii) An oblique superficial incised wound or abrasion measuring 13.5cm long
on the right mid thoracic region of the back.

(iv) An oblique incised wound measuring 6.5cm x 1.2cm (opposed length of 7cm)
on the right mid thoracic region of the back, extending directly anteriorly,
terminating in the fat of the skin.

102 There were ten knife wounds in total. The wounds should be considered in
the context of the strikes performed by each accused person. From the Bus
Camera Footage, it can be seen that Mitho (discounting the various kicks)
performed approximately two to three strikes, Manik performed three strikes,
and Aziz performed five strikes. A wound on Rahim’s back that reached the
muscle was described as a secondary cause of death as it contributed to the
haemorrhage, while the others were superficial or just skin-deep. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 9, ln 6–7.

Even this more serious back wound was judged by Dr Chan to be “relatively
superficial”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 7, ln 31.

The other upper-limb injuries were “superficial” as well, with the more
extensive injury being an incised wound with an underlying open fracture of
the left index finger. Of the three incised wounds on the lower limb, two of
them terminated in the soft tissue and fat respectively, which were relatively
shallow wounds. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 11, ln 11–15.

Dr Chan agreed with defence counsel on cross-examination when he framed most
of the injuries as “insignificant”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE 10 January 2020 at p 21, ln 1–2.

103 Second, the location of the wounds was pertinent. None of the incised
wounds were directed at what would typically be considered “vulnerable” parts
of the body, eg the head, the chest or the abdomen. Rather, the majority of
wounds were inflicted on Rahim’s limbs and back. The Bus Camera Footage did
not show any attempts to strike directly at particularly vulnerable parts of
Rahim’s body. The attack itself began with Mitho kicking Rahim a number of
times, contrary to the Prosecution’s suggestion that the assailants had
immediately started hacking at Rahim when he fell down.

104 The Prosecution sought to contend that it could well be that it was either
the assailants’ ineptitude or Rahim’s defensive responses that rendered the
injuries less serious than they otherwise would have been, and that the common
intention could be inferred from the fact that the three assailants had armed
themselves with choppers which were apt to cause “deep incised wounds, which
are sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death”. In my view,
such an inference could be drawn in a suitable case, but in the present case,
the injuries caused militated against such an inference. The lack of serious
injury other than the Fatal Injury raised a reasonable doubt that such was the
case.

105 Conversely, the apparent violence of the attack and the medical evidence
were at odds with each other. While the actions of the assailants captured on
the Bus Camera Footage showed large arm movements from the assailants wielding
choppers, the objective evidence of the injuries belied the apparent ferocity
of the attack. The Prosecution contended that the attack on Rahim was intended
to send a message. It was marking its territory and warding off any
competitors. This argument would detract from any intention to cause a fatal
injury, which would call the scene to the attention of the police and
enforcement authorities. It explains, rather, the incongruity between the
injuries caused and the nature of the attack. The assailants simply wished to
demonstrate their force without going so far as to inflict fatal wounds. In
this context, even if they were reckless as to whether a fatal injury would be
caused, this would be insufficient to show common intention to do so: see
Daniel Vijay ([19] supra) at [87]-[88].

106 A final indication was the timing of the exit of the three men, in the
light of their perceived knowledge at the time. The attack, while apparently
ferocious, relented after less than nine seconds (from “21:47:06” to
“21:47:15” on the Bus Camera Footage). Rahim managed to get up and run 27m
away. The assailants did not give chase. If their intent was to cause such
injury as would in the ordinary course of nature be sufficient to cause death,
they appeared unconcerned that they had not accomplished their objective.
Manik, in particular, left the scene about one second before Aziz and Mitho
did. He did so after seeing Rahim get up. Further, while Manik was running
away, he turned back and would have seen that Rahim had left.

107 Viewing the evidence as a whole, the Prosecution’s case that the men
shared the intention to cause s 300(c) injury was a possibility, but such a
possibility was insufficient to satisfy the burden of proof. Where there is a
reasonable inference that is more favourable to the accused, the court should
act in accordance with the presumption of innocence and prefer the favourable
inference. After an extensive examination of the authorities in Singapore and
in other jurisdictions, V K Rajah J (as he then was) summarised the law on the
drawing of inferences in criminal cases in Public Prosecutor v Chee Cheong Hin
Constance [2006] 2 SLR(R) 24 at [85]; approved by the Court of Appeal in Tan
Chor Jin v Public Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 306 at [34]:

In a criminal case, proof beyond any reasonable doubt is required. Grave
suspicion is no substitute for proof beyond reasonable doubt. In the same
vein, moral certainty cannot replace the requirement for explicit and certain
evidence. The various links in the interlocking chain of evidence must
establish a complete chain that rules out any reasonable likelihood of an
accused’s innocence. Guilt must be the only rational inference and conclusion
to be drawn from the complete chain of evidence. In assessing the
circumstances, the court should discount fanciful or speculative
possibilities. However, if more than one reasonable inference can be elicited
from the factual matrix, the inference most sympathetic to the accused ought
to be used. [emphasis added]

108 I therefore concluded that the Prosecution had not proven the common
intention to cause s 300(c) injury, and thus its Alternative Case, beyond
reasonable doubt.

Amendment of charge

What inference could be drawn about their common intention?

109 Notwithstanding that there was no common intention to cause s 300(c)
injury, the intention to cause grievous hurt to Rahim was clear and I turn to
explain this.

110 First, I considered whether there was evidence of a pre-arranged plan to
do something less than inflict s 300(c) injury. Manik’s conduct on that day
was completely in sync with some kind of plan. The Prosecution witnesses were
consistent throughout that Manik was a part of the plan to go to Avenue 1 to
confront the rival syndicate. He had been armed by syndicate members together
with Aziz, Mitho, and Goni. Ripon went so far as to testify that Manik had
been left in charge of that group after Toton and Emon had left Avenue 4. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 5, ln 9–10.

At Avenue 1 itself, Manik appeared to act without hesitation and was clearly
pursuing Rahim intentionally. The Bus Camera Footage shows clearly that all
three assailants were acting together. After the incident, Manik entered the
taxi and none of the other persons, including Toton, raised any concerns with
this. On Manik’s own account, Sohel had asked him into the taxi. Later, Manik
followed instructions to go to East Coast Park as well.

111 I mentioned previously the statement attributed to Manik by different
witnesses (see [66] above). While the statements were not consistent one with
the other, the gist of the evidence was that Manik admitted that he “chopped”
(“kop”) Rahim, even though it was unclear as to whether Manik had inflicted
the Fatal Injury. In this context, Manik’s evidence must be assessed, as it
was telling. He said that Sohel and Fahad were angry with him, so it was clear
that they had a plan, and he had not conformed to the plan or expectation. He
sought to reassure them with the following, and claimed to have said to Fahad
and Sohel: 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE 25 February 2020 at p 27, ln 16–19.

Why are you being angry with him? Why are you telling me? I didn’t do
anything. I just---you---I had---just had a small wooden stick and I hit him
with it. I didn’t do anything, why are you---just---it was a simple hit with a
wooden stick.

112 I doubted this was the statement that he made on that evening. It was not
put to Fahad or any of the other witnesses, although Fahad was called as a
witness and said that he did not hear anything. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 75, ln 32 to p 76, ln 1.

And the insertion of the “wooden stick” was to bolster his evidence about the
use of the word “kop”. But what was clear was the concession that he had made
some kind of statement in response to the consternation expressed. This was
similar to Toton’s recollection about Manik’s reassurance to him in respect of
Rahim. According to Toton, Manik said, “Nothing to worry about. I just did a
small, regular kop”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE 16 January 2020 at p 11, ln 21–32.

Therefore, I took this exchange as evidence that there was a plan to cause
hurt to a member of the rival syndicate, although not to kill. It followed
that the other members of the syndicate were upset that Manik had, on their
view of what had happened, gone further than what was intended. The injuries,
when considered together with the concern expressed by the other members of
the syndicate that there was a death, indicated a pre-arranged plan to hurt
Rahim.

113 In fairness to Manik, I considered if the pre-arranged plan may have been
the one which Ripon 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE 14 January 2020 at p 20, ln 1–14.

and Goni 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 22, ln 6–11.

testified to about the Canteen conversation, that the choppers were for their
own defence, only for use if attacked. This was ruled out by Mitho’s and
Manik’s immediate reaction to Aziz’s signal in the context of their meeting
earlier in the evening and Manik’s meeting with Toton at Avenue 1 prior to
Toton confronting Rahim. Furthermore, common intention may be formed on the
spot, just before the commission of the criminal act: see Shaiful Edham bin
Adam and another v Public Prosecutor [1999] 1 SLR(R) 442 at [60]. In my view,
the intention of the men were formed prior to Toton confronting Rahim but it
was clear that the intent of the three men were formed, at the very latest, as
they chased and caught up with Rahim. Rahim was not armed, and sought to run
away. If the plan of the three men was simply to intimidate him, it would have
been completed at that point. Instead they chased in concert after him. There
was no real need to use their choppers after they caught up with Rahim either.
Rahim had fallen to the ground and was unarmed. When they started to use their
choppers, their joint action in slashing Rahim around 10 times in total with
their choppers was sufficient to show common intention to cause hurt which
endangered his life. In this context and to this extent, I agree with the
Prosecution that an inference may be drawn from the fact that the men were
armed with choppers, which were associated with and apt to cause serious
injury, and did, in this case, cause fatal injury.

114 Therefore, I found that it was beyond reasonable doubt that “Aziz”,
“Mitho” and Manik shared a common intention to attack Rahim with their
choppers in order to cause grievous hurt.

Amended charge

115 Therefore, I considered that it was appropriate to alter the charge to one
under s 326 read with s 34 of the Penal Code, pursuant to the court’s power
under s 128 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). In
the present case, grievous hurt was caused as Rahim had died: the hurt caused
was death under s 320(aa) of the Penal Code. The accused persons used
choppers, which were instruments for cutting. In the context of grievous hurt,
the necessary common intention does not need to be to cause the particular
grievous hurt inflicted, but need only be to cause an injury within the
category of hurt as defined under s 320 of the Penal Code: Arumugam Selvaraj v
Public Prosecutor [2019] 5 SLR 881 at [10]. In my view, the common intention
to cause grievous hurt was satisfied given the use of the choppers, the nature
of the attack, and the injuries caused. The common intention was to inflict
hurt which endangered life. The criminal act, participation, and common
intention elements were satisfied.

116 The amended charge was read and explained to Manik on 18 June 2020: s
128(2) of the CPC. He confirmed that he was ready to be tried on the altered
charge: s 129 of the CPC. Mr Thuraisingam confirmed that he was not seeking to
adduce any new evidence or to recall any witness: s 131 of the CPC. I
proceeded immediately with trial as I was of the view that no prejudice would
be occasioned to either the Prosecution or the Defence (s 129(3) of the CPC).
Based on my findings above, I found Manik guilty of the altered charge and
convicted him accordingly.

Sentencing

117 Manik was accordingly convicted on a single charge under s 326 read with s
34 of the Penal Code. At Manik’s sentencing, with his consent, a second charge
of theft of a roll of copper wire together with another, while being employed
as a servant, under s 381 read with s 34 of the Penal Code, was taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

118 The Prosecution sought a sentence of at least 15 years’ imprisonment and
14 strokes of the cane. The Defence argued that a sentence of ten years’
imprisonment and ten strokes of the cane would be sufficient.

119 I start with the appropriate approach to take in sentencing under s 326 of
the Penal Code. I took reference from Menon CJ’s decision in Ng Soon Kim v
Public Prosecutor [2019] SGHC 247 (“Ng Soon Kim”) at [12] which dealt with s
324 of the Penal Code. Section 324 of the Penal Code stands in relation to s
323 of the Penal Code in a similar manner as s 326 stands in relation to s
325. Hence, I took the following approach: first, to consider the indicative
sentence if the charge had been under s 325 of the Penal Code, second, to
consider an uplift for the nature of the dangerous means used, and third, to
adjust the sentence according to the aggravating and mitigating factors.
Defence counsel used a 2-step approach in his submissions based on in Public
Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127 (“BDB”) by considering the appropriate
sentence with reference to BDB and applying an uplift for the weapon. Defence
agreed that this approach was similar to the Prosecution’s approach, as in any
case further aggravating or mitigating factors were relevant after the uplift
for the weapon used. The first step is to consider the sentence under s 325 of
the Penal Code. The approach stated by the Court of Appeal in BDB at [55] is
to first consider the seriousness of the injury and to arrive at an indicative
starting sentence and then apply adjustments for culpability and aggravating
and/or mitigating factors. The adjustment for aggravating and mitigating
factors is to be done under the third step under Ng Soon Kim, so the focus in
this step is to consider what the starting sentence would be under s 325 of
the Penal Code, having regard to the hurt caused.

120 Here, death was caused. The Court of Appeal in BDB noted that in such
cases, the starting point would be around eight years’ imprisonment, and 12 or
more strokes of the cane may be warranted: BDB at [76].

121 Second, I come to an uplift for the dangerous means used. These were
choppers. The assailants would have been aware of serious endangerment to life
arising. Choppers are amongst the most dangerous types of weapons. By the very
purpose of their invention, as the Prosecution pointed out, they are capable
of cutting through bone, muscle and arteries. An uplift of three years’
imprisonment was warranted.

122 The third step involved a consideration of the mitigating and aggravating
factors.

123 I dealt first with the mitigating factors raised by the Defence. The
Defence stated Manik was genuinely remorseful and had cooperated with
investigations. I did not find that this was entirely the case. Manik denied
having a chopper at the material time, which I found to be untrue. He also
raised various claims in his defence at trial that were inconsistent with his
recorded statement and attempted to distance himself from the attack. While I
did not hold these against him in sentencing, I did not find that the evidence
showed genuine remorse.

124 The Defence also argued that there was an inordinate delay in prosecuting
Manik’s case, noting that he had been arrested and held without bail since 30
September 2016, while his trial only commenced in January 2020. As explained
in Ang Peng Tiam v Singapore Medical Council [2017] 5 SLR 356 at [110],
however, that here is “no general proposition that any or all delays in
prosecution would merit a discount in sentencing”. In the present case there
has been no inordinate delay nor has there been any prejudice or injustice. It
was sufficient to backdate his sentence to his first date of remand.

125 At the sentencing hearing, Manik tendered a letter to the court on his
personal circumstances. He claimed to be the sole breadwinner and that he has
family members in Bangladesh who are dependent on him. As explained in Lai Oei
Miu Jenny v Public Prosecutor [1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 at [10], personal
circumstances and hardship like these are not in general mitigating, short of
any particularly exceptional personal circumstances, which I did not find in
this case.

126 I turn to the aggravating factors in this case, and in the present case, I
found quite a few. First, there was planning and premeditation. The group of
three was actually part of a larger group assembled to intimidate and to
outnumber the rival syndicate in the planned “discussion” with the rival
syndicate. Manik and the two other assailants also received their choppers
beforehand and brought them to the scene of the attack.

127 Second, a key aspect of this case was group violence, which carries a high
risk of uncontrollable consequences. As V K Rajah J (as he then was) noted in
Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [25(b)], group
offences are aggravating because they generally result in greater harm, the
victim is likely to be in greater fear, and group pressure to perpetuate such
offences may add to their persistency, and group dynamics necessarily imply
greater damage. Group offences involving syndicates also generated wider
societal harm, especially in areas where there is a high concentration of
residents in nearby areas. This was certainly the case here. This happened in
the vicinity of the Tuas dormitories, where a high number of workers reside.
As was observed by Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was) in Public Prosecutor v
Muhamad Hasik bin Sahar [2002] 1 SLR(R) 1069 at [39]: “Gang fights and running
street battles have absolutely no place in a civilised society.”

128 A third aspect was the profit incentive in the context of a syndicate. The
offence was committed as part of the contraband cigarette syndicate’s
confrontation with a rival syndicate. It arose from the need to maintain their
turf, and source of profits. This sort of territoriality was unacceptable,
particularly in light of the severe violence it was apt to produce. The need
for deterrence against the formation of syndicates, their attendant
territoriality, and whatever criminal means they use to assert that
territoriality was high.

129 Fourth, and coming to the specific incident, this attack was vicious and
terrifying. The victim was unarmed and on the floor. He was alone and
vulnerable, unable to defend himself effectively against his three assailants.

130 To account for these aggravating factors, I applied a further uplift of
four years’ imprisonment, bringing the total imprisonment term to 15 years. In
respect of the number of strokes of the cane, an uplift was also applied on
account of the weapon used and aggravating factors. Taking matters in the
round and having reference to Prosecution’s submissions, I added another 3
strokes of the cane. The sentence was accordingly 15 years’ imprisonment and
15 strokes of the cane.

131 In terms of sentencing precedents, the Prosecution highlighted that, the
most similar case that they had found, although no grounds of decision were
published, was the case of Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Faizal bin Md Jamal
HC/CC 4/2019, where the accused was charged under s 326 read with s 34 of the
Penal Code. In that case, the accused was a member of a secret society, and
had rallied together with other members to confront the two victims who had
affronted another member of the secret society. The accused himself was not
armed with a weapon, but another member, one Khalid, was. Khalid stabbed one
of the victims repeatedly and the accused also joined in by punching and
kicking. One victim died from the stab wounds, while the other suffered a
laceration and haematoma. The accused pleaded guilty to the charge for causing
hurt to the deceased victim. He was sentenced to eight years’ and six months’
imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane. I agreed with the Prosecution that
the present case is significantly more serious than Muhammad Faizal. Unlike
the accused in Muhammad Faizal, Manik did not plead guilty. Faizal was not
armed, Manik was armed with a chopper. All the members of the trio in the
present case were armed with choppers and planned the attack for the specific
purpose of advancing the profit aims of the syndicate. The differential, both
in the imprisonment and strokes of the cane, was appropriate in my view.

132 Another case relevant – and familiar in the earlier context of common
intention to cause s 300(c) injury – was that of Galing, the accomplice of Kho
Jabing in Kho Jabing ([78] supra). The two accomplices had attacked two men as
part of a robbery, one of whom subsequently died from head wounds inflicted by
Kho Jabing with a piece of wood. Galing had also assaulted the deceased with a
belt with an exposed metal buckle. After the attack, Galing took away the
deceased’s mobile phone. The Court of Appeal substituted his conviction for
murder with an offence of robbery with hurt committed in furtherance of a
common intention under s 394 read with s 34 of the Penal Code: Kho Jabing at
[38]. Galing was later sentenced in respect of this substituted offence to 18
years’ and 6 months’ imprisonment and 19 strokes of the cane. The grounds for
this decision were not reported, although the result was mentioned in Public
Prosecutor v Kho Jabing [2013] SGHC 251 at [5]. The particular offence was
different. The offence of robbery with hurt carries a higher maximum than
grievous hurt with dangerous weapons in terms of a term of years, whereas s
326 provides for the possibility of life imprisonment and s 394 does not. It
was nevertheless useful for comparison for reasons of overall fairness in its
context of a violent group attack in public for an underlying financial
reason. The present case could be said to have more serious elements of
syndicate participation, planning and pre-arranged weapons.

133 I also considered the case of Sinniah Pillay v Public Prosecutor [1991] 2
SLR(R) 704 (“Sinniah Pillay”). In that case, the accused and the co-accused
had conspired to cause grievous hurt to the victim. Pursuant to that
conspiracy, one or more of the accused persons had splashed acid on the
victim, causing several burns that resulted in his death. The accused was
sentenced to ten years’ imprisonment which, at the time, was the maximum term
of years that could be imposed under s 326 of the Penal Code. From the
evidence, it appears that the motive was revenge: Sinniah Pillay at [5], as
the accused felt wronged by the deceased in a prior dispute. The accused hired
the co-conspirators to attack the deceased for $5,000, of which $2,000 was
paid. The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal against sentence and refused to
backdate the sentence to the date of remand: Sinniah Pillay at [27]–[29].
Sinniah Pillay was helpful as an example of when the maximum term of years was
imposed for s 326 of the Penal Code. In my judgment, the present offence was
not less serious than the offence in Sinniah Pillay. Death was caused,
multiple people were involved, and there was an underlying dispute that the
accused persons in both cases sought to resolve by violence. The present case
was even more aggravated because of syndicate involvement. The sentence of 15
years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane was therefore appropriate.

Conclusion

134 I therefore sentenced Manik to 15 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of
the cane. The term of imprisonment was backdated to the date of his remand,
being 30 September 2016.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Kumaresan s/o Gohulabalan, Andre Chong Wei Min and Grace Chua Zhu Ern
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam and Chooi Jing Yen (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP)
for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

