Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 10

Civil Appeal No 227 of 2018

Between

HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited(as Trustee of Capitaland
Mall Trust)  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

The Chief Assessor  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Tribunal Appeal No 9 of 2018

In the matter of Order 55 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5)

And

In the matter of Section 35 of the Property Tax Act (Cap 254)

And

In the matter of the Valuation Review Board Appeal No 321 of 2010 and a
Decision delivered on 23 May 2018 ensuing therefrom

And

In the matter of Assessment of 68 Orchard Road #07-01 to #07-15, Singapore
238839, under the Property Tax Act (Cap 254)

Between

HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited(as Trustee of Capitaland
Mall Trust)  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

The Chief Assessor  
---  
  
… Respondent

ex Tempore judgment

[Revenue Law] — [Property tax] — [Annual value]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd (trustee of Capitaland Mall
Trust)

  
v

  

Chief Assessor

[2020] SGCA 10

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 227 of 2018  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
25 February 2020

25 February 2020

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
to affirm the Chief Assessor’s 2008 assessment of the annual value of the
subject property. The appellant is the trustee of CapitaLand Mall Trust, which
acquired the shopping mall known as “Plaza Singapura” in 2004. The subject
property (“the Property”) is the seventh floor of Plaza Singapura. It has been
leased to Golden Village Multiplex Pte Ltd (“GV”) since 1999, when it was
first leased as a “bare shell” with minimal finishes. GV spent over $7.8m on
fitting-out works that included the installation of air-conditioning, cinema
equipment and carpets, among other items. The final result was a fully
operational 1,733-seat cinema complex as well as an office space and retail
unit.

2 In 2008, the Chief Assessor determined the annual value of the Property to
be $3,292,000. The appellant challenged that valuation before the Valuation
Review Board (“the VRB”), the Judge and now challenges it before us. It argues
that the Property should have been assessed in its bare shell state without
GV’s fitting-out works. Although it raised four issues before the Judge, it
now concedes that the Judge was correct on the first three issues, and takes
issue with only her reasoning and finding on the fourth issue, which is
whether the VRB had erred in accepting the Chief Assessor’s determination of
annual value. Even then, the appellant has remodelled its arguments in the
present appeal.

3 The appellant advances two arguments. First, though it concedes that the
Judge was correct to find that some $7.37m worth of the fitting-out works
(“the Works”) are fixtures, the appellant argues that under the rebus sic
stantibus principle, the Works should nonetheless be excluded from assessment
as GV is obliged to remove them at the end of the lease. This argument was not
raised below and the appellant has applied for leave to argue this point
pursuant to O 57 r 9A(4)(b) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed).
The Chief Assessor objects to the appellant’s application because before the
Judge, the appellant had argued that the Works are chattels and conceded that
the fixtures are subject to tax.

4 We see no need to address this point in detail because even if we were to
grant leave, we are not persuaded by the appellant’s argument. Under s 6(1) of
the Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed), property tax is payable upon the
annual value of all houses, buildings, lands and tenements. The established
common law position is that fixtures are part of the land. If the appellant
concedes that the Works are fixtures, then they would be subject to
assessment, unless they fall within the statutory exception in s 2(2) that
need not concern us in the present case (see the Singapore High Court decision
of Chief Assessor v HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited
[2012] 3 SLR 933 at [25]).

5 The rebus sic stantibus or “things as they stand” principle of valuation is
a principle that the assessable entity should be valued according to its
physical nature and condition as well as its usage when the assessment is made
(see the decision of this court in Aspinden Holdings Ltd v Chief Assessor and
another [2006] 4 SLR(R) 521 at [32]). We are unable to agree with the
appellant’s characterisation of the Property “as it stands” as a bare shell
one. If the Works are fixtures, the court must consider the Property as it was
in 2008 – with the Works affixed – and not the hypothetical scenario where
those Works have been removed at the end of the tenancy, regardless of GV’s
obligation under the tenancy agreements. As counsel for the Chief Assessor
points out, the “attachment” that the appellant relies on is a contractual
clause. It does not bind third parties and it is not an encumbrance such as an
easement or zoning law that might have to be taken into account. In fact, the
clause in question, cl 2.46, is one of many “Tenant’s Covenants” contained in
cl 2 – reinstatement is a duty and not a right belonging to the tenant.

6 The appellant’s argument hinges at least in part on the fact that the Works
were installed by its tenant, GV, rather than itself. The identity of the
person who installed the fixtures may be relevant to the court’s determination
as to whether the Works are fixtures or chattels, and, in fact, the appellant
had raised this issue before the Judge below. However, once the Works are
found to be fixtures, the statutory tax regime does not differentiate between
landlord’s fixtures and tenant’s fixtures. Property tax attaches to the
property and not the person, although we note that there can be a separate
arrangement between landlord and tenant where the tenant agrees to pay the
landlord any increase in property tax over and above the property tax payable
based on the rent under the existing tenancy agreement (which is, in fact, the
case here).

7 As for the appellant’s reliance on the Singapore High Court decision of
Leivest International Pte Ltd v Top Ten Entertainment Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R)
888, this case concerned a landlord-tenant dispute. To determine the
appropriate rent the tenant should pay for a one-year extension of the lease,
the High Court held that the tenant should not have to pay additional rent for
the fixtures it had put in itself. While that is a principled approach to
determine the actual rent that same tenant should pay, annual value is an
assessment in respect of the hypothetical tenant.

8 In this particular situation, the landlord must surely have known that the
tenant would install many of the fixtures that were ultimately installed,
which included cinema seats and projection equipment. Whilst one cannot really
speculate on the precise reasons as to how the landlord arrived at the rent to
be charged, we would be surprised if it did not factor in the income that
would be generated by the use of the premises as a movie theatre (which, in
turn, would only be possible if the relevant fittings were installed). Clause
4 of Schedule II of the tenancy agreement signed on 7 November 2008
specifically provides for “Turnover Rent”, which is an additional fee payable
by GV calculated as a percentage of its box office revenue, although this
clause is only engaged if there is a minimum number of cinema patrons and it
appears that this minimum number was never met. Also, in this particular case
at least, the landlord is by no means a babe in the woods. And as we have
already noted, the tenancy agreements provide that the tenant is to pay the
landlord any increase in property tax if the annual value of the Property
increases.

9 And if, in fact, the Works are ultimately removed, we would assume that the
value of the Property for the purposes of property tax would be adjusted
correspondingly downwards if the Property is to be used for the same purpose.
However, in so far as they constitute part of the fixtures of the Property,
the Works are part of the “land” within the meaning of the Property Tax Act
and accordingly subject to be taken into account for the purposes of property
tax.

10 The appellant’s second ground of appeal is that the hypothetical tenant
would not ascribe any value to the Works and so the annual value of the
Property would be the same as the annual value of it in a bare shell state.
According to the appellant, the Judge had erred by confusing usability with
value. The fact that the Works may be usable by another tenant does not mean
that they would be valuable to the extent that the tenant would be willing to
pay a higher rent.

11 In our judgment, the appellant has overstated (or even exaggerated) the
difference between usability and value. The courts have treated the question
of “annual value” as a question of the rent that a hypothetical tenant can
reasonably be expected to pay, which is an objective inquiry (see the decision
of this court in HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited v Chief
Assessor [2013] 2 SLR 173 at [13]). However, the appellant’s proposed
interpretation takes annual value out of the sphere of the “hypothetical
tenant” and turns it into a question of each tenant’s personal preference
instead.

12 As counsel for the Chief Assessor has argued, and as the VRB and the Judge
both found, most of the Works are generic and fundamental to the use of the
premises as a movie theatre. The Works were only 9 years old as of 2008, not
so old that they were of no value and, in any event, one of the two
methodologies adopted by the Chief Assessor’s expert took into account
amortisation and maintenance costs, and the expert still concluded that the
Chief Assessor’s valuation was not excessive. Well over half of the Works also
consist of essential leasehold improvements. The appellant has not shown why
generic fittings such as air-conditioning and ventilation works might be found
to be usable but of no value to the hypothetical tenant. Usability and value
are considerations that interact with each other, and the ultimate result will
depend on the precise facts and circumstances of each case.

13 For the reasons set out above, we are not persuaded by either of the
appellant’s arguments and see no reason to disagree with the Judge’s decision.
We dismiss the appeal and having considered the respective costs schedules of
the parties, we award costs to the respondent in the sum of $35,000 (all-in).
There will be the usual consequential orders.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Ong Sim Ho, Keith Brendan Lam Xun-Yu and Gan Xin Ci Emma (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the appellant;  
Quek Hui Ling, Pang Mei Yu and Lau Sze Leng, Serene (Inland Revenue Authority
of Singapore) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

