Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 207

Suit No 437 of 2017  
(Registrar’s Appeal Nos 82 and 363 of 2019)

Between

| Lee Bee Eng (formerly trading as AFCO East Development)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Cheng William  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Parties] — [Joinder]

[Civil Procedure] — [Parties] — [Substitution]

[Civil Procedure] — [Rules of court]

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Bee Eng (formerly trading as AFCO East Development)

  

v

  

Cheng William

[2020] SGHC 207

High Court — Suit No 437 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal Nos 82 and 363 of 2019)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
8 April, 12 September, 8 October, 25 November 2019, 13 February 2020

1 October 2020

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 These appeals arise out of the decision of the assistant registrar (the
“AR”) to add Ms Lee Bee Eng (“Ms Lee”) as a plaintiff to Suit No 437 of 2017
(“Suit 437/2017”) pursuant to O 15 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“O 15 r 4”), and to strike out the original plaintiff and its
claims.

2 The matter had been adjourned a number of times, initially at the behest of
the defendant for him to apply to be legally aided, then on the application of
the plaintiff to file further evidence, and again at the defendant’s request
on account of recently appointed solicitors. The hearing was finally completed
on 25 November 2019 and I adjourned it to a later date to announce my
decision. On 13 February 2020, I set aside the AR’s decision and ordered a
substitution of the original plaintiff for Ms Lee pursuant to O 15 r 6 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“O 15 r 6”). In consequence, I
dismissed Registrar’s Appeal No 82 of 2019 (“RA 82/2019”) and allowed
Registrar’s Appeal No 363 of 2019 (“RA 363/2019”) in part.

Facts

The parties

3 Ms Lee is a director of AFCO East Development Pte Ltd 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lee Bee Eng’s affidavit for SUM 4360/2018 dated 20 September 2018 (“LBE-1”) at
para 1.

, a private limited company that undertakes general contracting work, and
“other specialised construction and related activities”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

LBE-1, Tab 13 at p 95.

AFCO East Development Pte Ltd (“AFCO”) was the original plaintiff in Suit
437/2017.

4 The defendant is Mr William Cheng.

Background to the dispute

5 On 15 May 2006, the plaintiff registered a sole proprietorship with the
Accounting and Regulatory Authority of Singapore under the name and style of
“AFCO East Development” (the “Sole Proprietorship”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

LBE-1 at para 6, Tab 12 at p 92.

6 In early 2012, the defendant approached the Sole Proprietorship to replace a
prior contractor who had been engaged to construct a single storey terrace
house at 210 Yio Chu Kang Road (the “Project”). The Sole Proprietorship
provided a quotation of $460,000 for the Project via a work order dated 23
April 2012 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LBE-1, Tab 4 at p 51.

, which was accompanied by a form of quotation (“Form of Quotation”) setting
out the contract period, the scope of works and a detailed breakdown of the
tender price. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Lee Siow Hua’s affidavit for SUM 4037/2018 dated 24 October 2018 (“LSH-1”),
Tab 18 at pp 200 to 230.

On 24 April 2012, the defendant issued a letter of award (the “Letter of
Award”) to the Sole Proprietorship 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

LBE-1 at para 14, Tab 5 at p 53.

and signed the Form of Quotation. On 6 May 2014, (i) AFCO was incorporated,
(ii) the Sole Proprietor’s business was allegedly “transferred to AFCO”, and
(iii) the Sole Proprietorship was terminated. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LBE-1 at para 23, Tab 12 at p 92; See also LSH-1 at para 21(b).

7 Disputes subsequently arose between the parties. From 23 April 2012 to 31
October 2016, five progress payment invoices totalling the contract sum of
$460,000 were issued to the defendant for works done for the Project. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Lee Bee Eng’s affidavit for RA 82/2019 (“LBE -2”) dated 25 September 2019 at
paras 11 to 33.

The defendant only paid $322,000 in satisfaction of the first three invoices
and part of the fourth invoice. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

LBE-2 at paras 29, 34, 36 to 37.

AFCO commenced Suit 437/2017 against the defendant on 12 May 2017, claiming
the outstanding progress payments totalling $138,000 (“the Progress
Payments”). It also claimed that the defendant had (i) failed to pay $193,280
for completed variation works (“the Variation Payments”); and (ii) wrongfully
called on a performance bond provided by the Sole Proprietorship in the
defendant’s favour. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 19, 25 to 26.

Procedural history

Suit 437/2017

8 In his defence filed on 18 January 2018, the defendant’s main argument was
that AFCO had no standing to bring the suit. The contract was between him and
the Sole Proprietorship 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

William Cheng’s affidavit for SUM 4037/2018 dated 31 August 2018 (“WC-1”) at
paras 5 to 10.

, not AFCO. This was evinced by the Letter of Award (which had been issued to
the Sole Proprietorship 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence at paras 2 to 4.

) and the Form of Quotation (which had been signed by the Sole
Proprietorship’s project manager).

SUM 4037 & SUM 4360

9 The defendant then filed Summons No 4037 of 2018 (“SUM 4037/2018”) on 31
August 2018 to (i) strike out AFCO’s claims; and (ii) seek security for costs.
In response, AFCO filed Summons No 4360 of 2018 (“SUM 4360/2018”) to have the
Sole Proprietor added as a plaintiff to Suit 437/2017.

10 Both summonses were heard before the AR. On 13 December 2018, the AR made
the following orders: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Minute Sheet, 13 December 2018, p 6.

(a) that the Sole Proprietor be added as a plaintiff pursuant to O 15 r 4 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Minute Sheet, 13 December 2018, p 3.

; and

(b) that AFCO (as a plaintiff) and its claims against the defendant be struck
out.

11 During a further hearing on 26 December 2018, the AR declined to grant the
defendant’s application for security for costs. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Minute Sheet, 26 December 2018 at pp 5 to 6.

The AR determined that the pre-requisite conditions under O 23 r 1 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) had not been
satisfied and that consequentially, there was no discretion to make such
orders.

RA 82/2019

12 On 7 March 2019, the defendant commenced RA 82/2019, appealing against the
AR’s decision to (i) add the Sole Proprietor as Ms Lee; and (ii) decline his
application for security for costs. Ms Lee did not appeal against the AR’s
decision.

13 RA 82/2019 was heard before me on 12 September, 8 October and 25 November
2019. On 12 September 2019, I dismissed the defendant’s appeal against the
AR’s decision not to grant security for costs. I observed that such orders are
usually made in situations involving foreign plaintiffs or companies. This was
not such a case. Considering all the circumstances, there was no reason to
order security for costs. The hearing on 8 October 2019 was adjourned upon the
defendant’s application and resumed on 25 November 2019. For reasons that
shall be explained later in this judgment at [21], Counsel for Ms Lee, Mr Sia
Dewei, Alvin (“Mr Sia”), orally sought leave to file an appeal out of time
against the AR’s decision, ie, to appeal against the AR’s decision to strike
out AFCO and its claims. I granted such leave and RA 363/2019 was subsequently
filed on 2 December 2019.

The defendant’s case

Issue 1: Did the AR make any procedural errors in substituting AFCO for Ms Lee
as the plaintiff in this suit?

14 Counsel for the defendant, Ms Goh Wei Wei (“Ms Goh”) raised two arguments.

15 Firstly, it was argued that O 15 r 4 was not the proper provision for
adding the Sole Proprietor as a plaintiff. The effective outcome of the AR’s
decision – to strike out AFCO’s claims and add the Sole Proprietor – was a
substitution of plaintiffs. This should have been more appropriately pursued
under O 15 r 6 which was a provision created to effect such corrective action.
O 15 r 4, on the other hand, was meant to consolidate plaintiffs. Here, AFCO
was hardly a plaintiff with proper standing, much less one that could expect
to be consolidated pursuant to O 15 r 4.

16 Secondly, Ms Goh argued that the AR did not have the power to add the Sole
Proprietor under O 15 r 6 as proceedings had already concluded. Citing the
Court of Appeal in Ernest Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compania De Navegación
Palomar, SA and others and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 894 (“Ernest
Ferdinand”), she argued that the power to order joinders only exists when
there remains something to be done in the matter. It followed that since AFCO
and its claims had been struck out, there was nothing more to be done in the
matter. Accordingly, the AR’s power of joinder no longer existed.

Issue 2: Should the AR have exercised its discretion to substitute AFCO for Ms
Lee as the plaintiff in this suit?

17 Ms Goh submitted that a court should not exercise its power of joinder
where the pleaded case is plainly unsustainable (Alliance Entertainment
Singapore Pte Ltd v Sim Kay Teck and another [2007] 2 SLR(R) 869 (“Alliance
Entertainment”)). Ms Goh argued that AFCO/Ms Lee’s case was plainly
unsustainable since Ms Lee was not entitled to the Progress Payments in the
first place. Ms Lee’s entitlement to the Progress Payments was subject to a
qualified person first evaluating and certifying the work done 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DSS at para 17. See also, Lee-2, Tab 2 at pp 17, 19.

. Having never obtained such a certification, Ms Lee could not have been
entitled to the Progress Payments.

18 Similarly, Ms Lee was not entitled to the Variation Payments. The defendant
contended that there were neither directions from him to carry out such works
nor was there an agreement that the defendant would make additional payment
for the same. In support of his contention, the defendant referred to (i) the
last page of the Form of Quotation (which states, “price is lump sum @ $460k —
any variation would be lower and not higher than the said sum of $460k”) 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

LSH-1, Tab 18 at p 230.

and (ii) AFCO/Ms Lee’s failure to produce any invoices for variation works 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DSS at para 21(a).

. Collectively these suggested that Ms Lee had no basis to claim for the
Variation Payments and that her pleaded case was therefore unsustainable.
Accordingly, the Court should not exercise its power of joinder.

Issue 3: Were Ms Lee’s claims time-barred?

19 With regard to Ms Lee’s claims for the Progress Payments, the defendant
submitted that the cause of action accrued when the contractual relationship
was created, ie, 24 April 2012, when the Letter of Award was signed. SUM
4360/2018 was subsequently commenced on 20 September 2018 — more than six
years after the accrual of the cause of action. It followed that Ms Lee was
barred from bringing any action by virtue of s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act
(Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”).

The plaintiff’s case

Issue 1: Did the AR make any procedural errors in substituting AFCO for Ms Lee
as the plaintiff in this suit?

20 As a preliminary point, Mr Sia did not dispute that the defendant’s
contract had been with the Sole Proprietorship rather than AFCO.

21 Mr Sia advanced two arguments. Firstly, he contended that Ms Goh’s
arguments about the applicability of O 15 r 6 (as opposed to O 15 r 4) were
excessively technical. Secondly, he submitted that the AR’s power of joinder
still subsisted since the AR made the order for the Sole Proprietor to be
added as a plaintiff before he struck out AFCO and its claims. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Minute Sheet, 13 December 2018, pp 3 to 4.

This meant that the proceedings had not yet concluded in the manner as
described by the Court in Ernest Ferdinand ([16] supra). At my invitation, Mr
Sia made an application to appeal the AR’s decision out of time, affording me
the discretion to reverse the striking out and to order a substitution
pursuant to O 15 r 6. With my leave, Mr Sia did so by way of RA 363/2019.

Issue 2: Should the AR have exercised its discretion to substitute AFCO for Ms
Lee as the plaintiff in this suit?

22 Mr Sia argued that Ms Lee’s case is not plainly unsustainable. While there
was an obligation to obtain QP certification for works done, this was
impossible because the defendant had frustrated attempts to obtain such
certification. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 27(b).

Ms Lee should not be precluded from pursuing the outstanding progress payments
due under the invoices. As for the variation works claim, Mr Sia referred to
the supporting invoices found in Ms Lee’s bundle of documents filed on 3 April
2019 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PWS at para 26.

and an affidavit dated 22 November 2018, stating that that the defendant had
retrospectively added the wording on the last page of the Form of Quotation.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Lee Siow Hua’s affidavit for Summons Nos 4354 and 4360 of 2018 dated 22
November 2018) at p 7.

Accordingly, Ms Lee was still entitled to the Variation Payments and her claim
was not plainly unsustainable.

Issue 3: Were Ms Lee’s claims time-barred?

23 With regard to the Progress Payments, Ms Lee’s position is that the cause
of action accrued on the date of the alleged breach: Management Corporation
Strata Title Plan No 3322 v Mer Vue Developments Pte Ltd and others (King Wan
Construction Pte Ltd and others, third parties) [2016] SGHC 28 at [28]). The
relevant dates, therefore, were the dates on which invoices for the Progress
Payments were issued (13 September 2012 and 31 October 2016 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

LBE-2 at paras 26, 29, Tab 4 at p 32; Tab 5 at p 40.

). While the 31 October 2016 invoice was issued within the six-year limitation
period (ie, after 20 September 2012), the 13 September 2012 invoice was not.
However, Ms Lee’s position is that partial payment was made for the 13
September 2012 invoice on 17 October 2012, this being the relevant date of
breach for the 13 September 2012 invoice. The outstanding $46,000 from this
invoice was therefore not time-barred.

24 With regard to the Variation Payments, I granted Ms Lee leave to file
further documents showing that the relevant invoices had been issued after 20
September 2012. These are set out below: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for RA 82/2019 for 8 October 2019 (“PWS”) at
para 26; See also, Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents dated 3 April 2019 at pp
40, 43 to 44, 48, 50, 53 and 56.

Invoice number| Date of issue  
---|---  
S1962| 20 February 2013  
S1958| 8 March 2013  
S1980| 17 March 2013  
S1983| 24 March 2013  
S1984| 19 April 2013  
S1985| 7 May 2013  
S2010| 7 September 2013  
  
All of these invoices were issued in 2013 and Ms Lee’s claim under them could
only have accrued after these dates. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS at para 30.

Accordingly, Ms Lee submits that the variation works claim is similarly not
time barred.

Issues on appeal

25 There are three issues in this appeal:

(a) Did the AR make any procedural errors in substituting AFCO for Ms Lee as
the plaintiff in this suit?

(b) Should the AR have exercised its discretion to substitute AFCO for Ms Lee
as the plaintiff in this suit?

(c) Were Ms Lee’s claims time-barred?

Decision

Issue 1: Did the AR make any procedural errors in substituting AFCO for Ms Lee
as the plaintiff in this suit?

26 I first consider whether the AR was correct in determining that the Sole
Proprietor is the rightful claimant in Suit 437/2017. In the hearing before
the AR, AFCO submitted that the Sole Proprietorship’s rights were equitably or
legally assigned to AFCO. AFCO relied on a document titled “Agreement for sale
of business” dated 1 May 2014 wherein the Sole Proprietorship agreed to sell
to one “Mdm Tan”, the managing director of AFCO, “all of the [Sole
Proprietorship’s rights under its contracts, licenses and agreements”. The AR
did not find evidence of any legal assignment to AFCO. The buyer under the
“Agreement for sale of business” was Mdm Tan and there was no evidence to show
a further assignment of contractual rights to AFCO. Moreover, the defendant
had not been given any express notice in writing of this purported assignment,
as required by s 4(8) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Minute Sheet, 13 December 2018, pp 5 to 6.

On this reasoning, the AR struck out AFCO and its claims.

27 I find that the AR correctly determined that AFCO was an improper party to
the proceedings and that the Sole Proprietor, representing the now terminated
Sole Proprietorship, should replace it. In fact, I find it both surprising and
self-contradictory that AFCO made submissions about a supposed legal
assignment when it was concurrently seeking to add the Sole Proprietor as a
plaintiff. Had there truly been a legal assignment, there would have been no
need to add the Sole Proprietor to “support” AFCO’s claims. It is telling that
Ms Lee has not revived arguments as to any legal or equitable assignment in
the proceedings before me.

28 The question turns to whether the AR incorrectly relied on O 15 r 4 to
effect a substitution of the parties. Indeed, SUM 4360/2018 was not commenced
simply to add the Sole Proprietor as a plaintiff. On closer examination, the
pith and substance of the application was to substitute AFCO for Ms Lee as the
plaintiff in this suit. The proper provision to achieve this was O 15 r 6.

29 At the outset, it should be made clear that O 15 r 4 and O 15 r 6 share a
common objective. Both provisions ultimately seek to ensure that “all
necessary parties [are] before the court such that all the issues can be
determined by the court”, “without the delay, inconvenience and expense of
multiple actions” (Singapore Civil Procedure 2020 vol I (Chua Lee Ming gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2020) (“Singapore Civil Procedure”) at paras 15/6/2
and 15/4/2). The difference lies in the circumstances under which each apply.

30 O 15 r 4 is facilitative. It streamlines litigation when “common
question[s] of law or fact” arise or when multiple suits concern the “same
transaction or series of transactions”. O 15 r 6 is remedial and reactive – it
responds to misjoinders or mistaken non-joinders. O 15 r 6 seeks to “save
rather than to destroy”: Singapore Civil Procedure at para 15/6/2. Here, there
was no “common question of law or fact” nor any relief claimed that “arise out
of the same transaction” between Ms Lee and AFCO. AFCO simply had no standing
to bring suit in a contract it was not privy to. But this was an entirely
curable mistake. The AR therefore sought to substitute AFCO for the proper
party – a remedial substitution rather than an administrative consolidation in
other words. As such, an appropriate provision to effect such a correction
should have been O 15 r 6 rather than O 15 r 4. I therefore set aside the AR’s
orders at [10(a)] and [10(b)].

31 I should also add that this same result could have been achieved by
invoking O 20 r 5(3) of the Rules of Court:

An amendment to correct the name of a party may be allowed under paragraph (2)
notwithstanding that it is alleged that the effect of the amendment will be to
substitute a new party if the Court is satisfied that the mistake sought to be
corrected was a genuine mistake and was not misleading or such as to cause any
reasonable doubt as to the identity of the person intending to sue or, as the
case may be, intended to be sued.

32 There are two limbs to this provision. First, the party seeking amendment
must have made a genuine mistake in naming the wrong party; and second, the
effect of the mistake must not have been to mislead the respondent or to cause
any reasonable doubt as to the identity of the party bringing the claim: Lim
Yong Swan v Lim Jee Tee [1992] 3 SLR(R) 940 (“Lim Yong Swan”). This approach
was applied in Thu Aung Zaw v Ku Swee Boon (trading as Norb Creative Studio)
[2018] 4 SLR 1260 (“Thu Aung Zaw”) where a party substitution was effected
under similar circumstances.

33 There, Norb Creative Studio (“Norb”), a sole proprietorship, sued Mr Thu
Aun Zaw (“Thu”) on a personal guarantee for an unpaid sum. Norb obtained
summary judgment but Thu failed to pay the judgment debt. Norb then took out
bankruptcy proceedings against Thu. Thu resisted this on the ground that Norb
was not the proper plaintiff. Ultimately, the learned Judge allowed Norb to
amend the name of the plaintiff in the summary judgment obtained against Thu:
Thu Aung Zaw at [31]–[34] ([32] supra).

34 The facts are analogous to the present case. Importantly, I find that Ms
Lee had made a genuine mistake in naming the wrong party and that, crucially,
Mr Cheng had been under no illusions as to who the actual plaintiff was. He
had, “in truth and in substance”, known that Ms Lee was bringing the claim,
even if there had been a “nominal defect in form” (Lim Yong Swan at [16]). As
such, I would have (if the parties had so submitted), allowed an amendment
pursuant to O 20 r 5 of the Rules of Court as well.

35 Additionally, I find that the AR’s power of joinder was not extinguished by
the AR’s order to strike out AFCO and its claims. Ms Goh’s argument assumes
that something must remain to be done between the original parties to the suit
for the power to subsist. If one party was struck out before a new one was
added, the suit was dead and nothing remained to be done. But her argument
turns on what the phrase “something remains to be done” means. I find that the
power of joinder extends to cover situations where something remains to be
done between an existing party and a new third party seeking to be added to
the action. This is so for three reasons.

36 First, the provision is to be read with a view towards saving and enabling
rather than destroying and disabling: Singapore Civil Procedure at para
15/6/2. The present application seeks to do exactly this. At its heart, a
party substitution was under way. Adding another party to the action was the
final step in the broader effort to substitute AFCO with Ms Lee as the proper
plaintiff. Until this was achieved, something remained to be done.
Specifically, a controversy remained to be determined between Ms Lee and Mr
William Cheng.

37 Second, such a reading is consistent with the interpretation of the other
parts of O 15 r 6. As the Court of Appeal in Ernest Ferdinand ([16] supra)
clarified, the existence of the power and its exercise are separate inquiries:
Ernest Ferdinand at [196] and [202]. That being said, the analysis applied in
the latter inquiry may very well inform the analysis adopted in the former.
Here, I note that the “just and convenient” limb under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii)
permits joinders where “there is as between the third party and any existing
party some question or issues having sufficient relation to the main dispute”
(emphasis added): Singapore Civil Procedure at para 15/6/2. In other words,
courts can take into account any “question or issue arising out of … any
relief or remedy claimed in the cause or matter” between third parties and
existing parties when evaluating whether to exercise its power of joinder. It
would be entirely consistent for courts to do the same when determining the
existence of such a power in the first place.

38 Finally, adopting Ms Goh’s argument would lead to an absurd result. Taking
her argument to its logical extension, the defendant would have had no cause
for complaint if the AR had simply added Ms Lee to the action before striking
out AFCO as a party. Indeed, this was exactly Mr Sia’s defence – the AR had
added Ms Lee to the action while AFCO was still a party to the proceedings.
The power of joinder therefore subsisted at the time of its exercise. Though
its simplicity is attractive, this series of arguments cannot be accepted. The
court’s power of joinder should not depend on whether striking out was done
before or after the party addition. The availability of this power should
abide by the provision’s core principle – to save rather than destroy.

39 Accordingly, I found that the power of joinder still subsisted at the time
of its exercise. And since Ms Lee has filed an appeal against the AR’s
decision to strike out AFCO and its claims, I was afforded the discretion to
reverse the striking out and to order a substitution pursuant to O 15 r 6.

Issue 2: Should the AR have exercised his discretion to substitute AFCO for Ms
Lee as the plaintiff in this suit?

40 I accept Ms Goh’s submissions on the law, namely that a court should not
exercise its power of joinder where the pleaded case is plainly unsustainable:
Alliance Entertainment ([17] supra).

41 However, I do not accept the defendant’s argument. At this preliminary
stage, Ms Lee’s case is not so hopeless that it fails to withstand basic
scrutiny. It has been pleaded that the Sole Proprietorship was unable to
obtain the necessary QP certification because of the defendant’s actions. This
raises a plausible defence in Ms Lee’s favour and Ms Lee should be given the
opportunity to raise evidence on this point at trial. Ms Lee has also
presented evidence of variation works invoices issued to the defendant,
suggesting that these works may have been carried out on the defendant’s
instructions. Ms Lee has also given evidence, by way of an affidavit dated 22
November 2018, that the defendant unilaterally added the wording on the last
page of the Form of Quotation (referred to at [22] above). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lee Siow Hua’s affidavit for Summons Nos 4354 and 4360 of 2018 dated 22
November 2018) at p 7.

This was allegedly to give the false impression that the parties had agreed
that the defendant would not be liable for the additional cost of variation
works. This sufficiently rebuts the defendant’s argument that the variation
works claim is “clearly fanciful”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DSS at para 21.

42 The present facts are also distinguishable from Alliance Entertainment. In
Alliance Entertainment, the plaintiff’s claims were entirely based on their
alleged status as statutory exclusive licensees. Having failed to establish
that they were indeed statutory exclusive licensees, the plaintiffs attempted
to add the copyright owners as co-plaintiffs in their suit. Unfortunately, the
copyright owners were not statutory exclusive licensees either. Their addition
as co-plaintiffs, therefore, could not entitle any of the parties to the
rights/remedies available to a statutory exclusive licensee. The case being so
fatally flawed, Menon JC (as he then was) dismissed it as being plainly
unsustainable.

43 This is quite different from the present case. It is clear that Ms Lee was
a party to the contract and was therefore entitled to the rights and remedies
afforded to her in her contract with the defendant. As such, the claim – as
drafted for the original plaintiffs to the suit (AFCO) – could be adopted by
Ms Lee without substantive changes. Unlike Alliance Entertainment, no
difficulty emerges in substituting one plaintiff for another because the
nature of the claimant’s rights and the substance of the claim, as originally
pleaded, remains unchanged.

44 In the circumstances, I find no reason why I should not exercise my
discretion under O 15 r 6 of the Rules to ensure that the proper parties are
before this Court. To decline to do so would be to frustrate the objectives of
the provision. I therefore order that AFCO cease to be a party to the
proceedings pursuant to O 15 r 6(2)(a). I further order that the Sole
Proprietorship should be added as a plaintiff pursuant to O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i).

Issue 3: Were Ms Lee’s claims time-barred?

45 To determine whether the claim is time-barred, two relevant dates must be
established: (i) the date on which action was commenced and (ii) the date on
which the cause of action accrued. SUM 4360/2018 was commenced on 20 September
2018. The parties agree that she brought her action on this date. The issue is
whether 20 September 2018 is more than six years from the “date[s] on which
the cause[es] of action accrued”: s 6(1) of the Limitation Act. The causes of
action accrued when payment became due. As such, the relevant dates here are
the dates on which invoices for the Progress Payments and the Variation
Payments were issued.

46 I find that the causes of action for both the Progress Payments and the
Variation Payments accrued well within the limitation period. The Variation
Payment invoices, which were all issued in 2013 (see [24] above), are well
within the six-year limitation period. As for the Progress Payment invoices, I
accept Mr Sia’s submissions that the material dates for the fourth and fifth
invoices are 17 October 2012 and 31 October 2016. On the evidence before me,
there is no justification for setting aside the AR’s decision because of Ms
Lee’s claims being time barred.

Conclusion

47 For the reasons above, I dismissed RA 82/2019 and granted an order in terms
of the first prayer in RA 363/2019. I ordered that AFCO be substituted as
plaintiff for the Sole Proprietor pursuant to O 15 r 6(2)(a) and r 6(2)(b)(i)
of the Rules of Court. I also ordered costs of both appeals in favour of Ms
Lee, fixed at $6,000.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

John Lim Kwang Meng, Sia Dewei, Alvin and Ng Kai Ling (LIMN Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff;  
Goh Wei Wei and Ling Jia Yu (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

