Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 116

Suit No 586 of 2019

(Registrar’s Appeal No 8 of 2020)

Between

| Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Lim Sor Choo  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Express terms]

[Banking] — [Lending and security]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd

  
v

  

Lim Sor Choo

  

[2020] SGHC 116

High Court — Suit No 586 of 2019 (Registrar’s Appeal No 8 of 2020)  
Dedar Singh Gill JC  
11 February 2020

4 June 2020

Dedar Singh Gill JC:

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the Assistant Registrar dated 23
December 2019 (“the Decision”) pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”). In the Decision, the Asst
Registrar held that the defendant was liable for US$131,512,173.91 under a
judgment entered in the plaintiff’s favour against the defendant’s husband
(“the Judgment Debt”) pursuant to the terms of a joint mortgage (“the
Mortgage”). The Judgment Debt arose out of a guarantee given by the
defendant’s husband to support a loan granted to two companies. I dismissed
the appeal. The defendant has appealed against my decision. I now set out my
grounds.

Facts

2 On 21 July 2011, the plaintiff (“the Bank”) issued an offer letter to the
defendant and her husband (“the Borrowers”) offering them a loan facility of
S$2.7m (“the Loan Facility”) for the purpose of purchasing a property (“the
Property”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 11.

On 23 July 2011, the Borrowers accepted the offer letter (“the Offer Letter”).
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 22.

The Offer Letter stated that the offer was “on the terms and conditions set
out … in our ‘Terms and Conditions Governing Mortgage Loans’”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 11.

3 Under cl 2 of the Offer Letter, the Borrowers were required to secure the
Loan Facility with a mortgage over the Property. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, pp 12-13.

To this end, the Borrowers executed the Mortgage on 26 September 2011 and
registered it three days later. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, pp 107-108.

The Mortgage was expressly subject to the terms set out in the Bank’s
“Memorandum of Mortgage” as then in force (“the Memorandum”) and Annex 1 of
the Mortgage (“Annex 1”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 108.

The Offer Letter, the Memorandum and Annex 1 are hereinafter collectively
referred to as “the Facility Documents”. In particular, cl 1.1 of Annex 1
states: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 111.

In consideration of the Mortgagee having at the request of the Mortgagor
agreed to make or continuing to make available to the Mortgagor general
banking facilities including but not limited to advances, revolving credit
facilities, loans, guarantee facilities and term facilities whether in
Singapore Dollars and/or in foreign currencies and such other general banking
and credit facilities or other accommodation, up to such amount or amounts as
the Mortgagee may from time to time agree by permitting the Mortgagor to
overdraw on the account or accounts current or to draw down or utilise any
facilities on any other account or accounts whatsoever whether current or
revolving or continuing or whether in instalments or otherwise which the
Mortgagor now has or may at any time hereafter have with the Mortgagee either
solely or jointly or jointly with any other person or persons in partnership
or otherwise (hereinafter called ‘the said Accounts’ which expression shall
wherever the context admits include any one or more of the accounts
hereinbefore mentioned) on such terms as may from time to time be fixed by the
Mortgagee in its absolute discretion, the Mortgagor hereby covenants with the
Mortgagee as follows:-

1\. To pay:-

1.1 To the Mortgagee on demand made to the Mortgagor all such sums of money
which are now or shall from time to time or at any time hereafter be owing or
remain unpaid to the Mortgagee by the Mortgagor either as principal or as
surety and either solely or jointly or jointly with any other person or
persons in partnership or otherwise whether on the said Accounts or otherwise
in any manner whatsoever or for all other liabilities whether certain or
contingent primary or collateral including (but without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing) the balance which at the date of such demand
shall be owing or remain unpaid to the Mortgagee by the Mortgagor on the said
Accounts or otherwise in any manner whatsoever whether in respect of moneys
advanced or paid to or for the use or accommodation of the Mortgagor either
solely or jointly or jointly with any other person or persons in partnership
or otherwise or in respect of cheques bills of exchange promissory notes or
other negotiable instruments signed drawn accepted or indorsed by or on behalf
of the Mortgagor either solely or jointly or jointly with any other person or
persons in partnership or otherwise or discounted paid or held by the
Mortgagee either at the request of the Mortgagor or in the course of business
or otherwise or in respect of letters of credit bills notes drafts trust
receipts guarantees indemnities or other documents or instruments signed by
the Mortgagor either solely or jointly or jointly with any other person or
persons in partnership or otherwise and held by the Mortgagee or in respect of
any other banking facilities whatsoever pursuant to the terms and conditions
of any offer facility or commitment letter(s) or agreement(s) in relation
thereto as revised varied amended supplemented or superceded [sic] from time
to time (hereinafter collectively referred to as ‘the Letter of Offer’);

4 Clauses 1.2, 1.3 and 2 provide as follows:

1\. To pay:-

…

1.2 To the Mortgagee interest on daily balances on or in respect of the
principal moneys hereinbefore covenanted to be paid or any part thereof as
shall from time to time be owing or remain unpaid until full payment at the
rate or rates and in the manner provided under the terms of any banking
facilities extended by the Mortgagee to the Mortgagor from time to time or at
such other rate or rates and with such periodic rests as may from time to time
be fixed by the Mortgagee; and

1.3 To the Mortgagee interest on any balance owing or remaining unpaid if and
when the said Accounts shall be closed or shall cease to be current at the
rate or rates and in the manner aforesaid or at such other rate or rates and
with such periodic rests as may from time to time be fixed by the Mortgagee
from the date of such demand being made or from the date such account intended
to be hereby secured shall be closed or shall cease to be current (as the case
may be) whichever is the earlier until full payment is received by the
Mortgagee both after as well as before judgment (if any) shall have been
obtained in respect thereof.

2\. That this Mortgage expressly authorises the Mortgagee to make further
advances or give credit in instalments or on a current, revolving or
continuing account or otherwise or any other credit or banking facilities or
accommodation whatsoever from time to time to the Mortgagor either solely or
jointly or jointly with any other person or persons in partnership or
otherwise and all moneys and liabilities owing to the Mortgagee from time to
time in connection therewith shall be secured by this Mortgage in addition to
the moneys and liabilities already outstanding or incurred as at the date
hereof.

5 Subsequently, by way of a letter of offer in writing dated 14 July 2017, the
plaintiff’s branch in Hong Kong offered banking facilities to Coastal Oil (HK)
Limited and Coastal Oil Singapore Pte Ltd (“the Companies”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Lim Sor Choo’s 1st affidavit dated 25 September 2019, p 6.

The Companies duly accepted the letter of offer and utilised the banking
facilities (“the Coastal Facilities”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lim Sor Choo’s 1st affidavit dated 25 September 2019, p 12.

By a guarantee in writing dated 19 February 2016, the defendant’s husband had
earlier furnished a guarantee in favour of the Hong Kong branch to pay the
sums owed by the Companies (“the Guarantee”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lim Sor Choo’s 1st affidavit dated 25 September 2019, p 6 and 17.

On 13 December 2018, Coastal Oil Singapore Pte Ltd was placed under
provisional liquidation. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Lim Sor Choo’s 1st affidavit dated 25 September 2019, p 19.

In a letter dated 19 December 2018, the Bank demanded that the defendant’s
husband make full payment of the sums due and owing by virtue of the
Guarantee. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Lim Sor Choo’s 1st affidavit dated 25 September 2019, p 22.

At a creditors’ meeting held on 28 December 2018, Coastal Oil Singapore Pte
Ltd appointed liquidators. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Lim Sor Choo’s 1st affidavit dated 25 September 2019, p 19.

6 On 14 January 2019, the Bank commenced Suit No 51 of 2019 in respect of sums
due and owing by the defendant’s husband. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Lim Sor Choo’s 1st affidavit dated 25 September 2019, p 10.

Since the defendant’s husband did not enter an appearance, the Bank obtained
default judgment against him on 8 February 2019 for the sum of
US$131,512,173.91 plus interests and costs. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Lim Sor Choo’s 1st affidavit dated 25 September 2019, p 23.

On 24 April 2019, the Bank issued to the Borrowers a notice of default. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 125.

On 17 June 2019, the Bank commenced this action against the defendant.

7 The defendant argued that she was not jointly and severally liable for the
Judgment Debt based on a proper construction of the Facility Documents. Given
that the issue of liability rested on the construction of the contractual
terms, both parties agreed (upon the plaintiff’s application) that the court
should determine the issue pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court without
a full trial. On 23 December 2019, the Asst Registrar delivered the Decision.

Decision below

8 In the Decision, the Asst Registrar made the following findings:

(a) first, on the proper construction of the Facility Documents, the defendant
is jointly and severally liable for all sums owing and which remain unpaid to
the Bank by a co-borrower;

(b) second, on the proper construction of the Facility Documents, the covenant
to pay under cl 1.1 of Annex 1 includes liabilities arising out of a judgment
debt that a co-borrower owes to the Bank; and

(c) third, on the proper construction of the Facility Documents, the defendant
is liable to pay the Bank’s costs on an indemnity basis.

9 The Asst Registrar noted that the defendant’s submissions were often
contradictory. It was not clear whether the defendant took the view that the
covenant covered moneys that the Bank loaned to:

(a) both the Borrowers under the housing loan;

(b) both the Borrowers jointly;

(c) either of the Borrowers; or

(d) either of the Borrowers, inclusive of sums owed to the Bank by way of
guarantee.

10 The Asst Registrar held that the case turned solely on the construction of
the Facility Documents and cl 1.1 of Annex 1 in particular. In this regard,
she made two observations:

(a) first, under cl 1.1, the defendant and her husband are liable for debts
owed by each or both of them to the plaintiff, independent of the housing loan
and to no limit; and

(b) second, under cl 1.1, such debts include the Judgment Debt in question.

11 She concluded that the language of cl 1.1 was clear. The Borrowers had to
pay “all such sums of money … [that are] owing and remain unpaid to the
Mortgagor either as principal or surety and either solely or jointly … whether
on the said Accounts or otherwise in any manner whatsoever or for all other
liabilities”. This included the Judgment Debt.

12 As alluded to at [8(c)] above, the Asst Registrar further held that the
defendant was liable to pay the plaintiff’s costs on an indemnity basis under
cl 15 of the Offer Letter (stating that “[the Borrowers] must at all times
keep us fully covered against any … costs … including costs … arising from
enforcing our rights against any security [the Borrowers] and the guarantor
provide”). The Asst Registrar also noted that the defendant did not, in the
proceedings, contest this issue.

The parties’ arguments

13 In the present appeal, the defendant argues that no reasonable person with
the knowledge available to the parties at the time of contracting would
understand cl 1.1 of Annex 1 to mean that the defendant agreed to be liable
for a judgment debt worth US$131,512,173.91 arising under a guarantee
independently provided by her husband in respect of companies that she had no
interest in. Clause 1.1 of Annex 1 should be interpreted purposively and
contextually, having regard to the entirety of Annex 1 and the Facility
Documents. In particular, the defendant makes the following arguments:

(a) The defendant accepts that cl 1.1 of Annex 1 covers the Borrowers’
liability whether as “principal” or “surety”, but argues that the term
“surety” must be read with the mortgagee’s covenant to extend facilities to
the mortgagor “solely or jointly or jointly with any other person or persons
in partnership or otherwise”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 29.

Given that the Bank extended the Coastal Facilities solely to the Companies
(who are third parties to the Facility Documents), the situation falls outside
the “surety” situation contemplated under cl 1.1 of Annex 1. If the parties
had intended for the defendant to be liable for such moneys guaranteed by her
husband under a different agreement, the Bank would have expressly identified
that scenario. Clauses 1.2 and 1.3 of Annex 1 (concerning the payment of
interest) are similarly confined to situations where the Bank extends the
Coastal Facilities to a mortgagor solely or jointly but not where facilities
are extended to a third party.

(b) Clause 1.1 of Annex 1 should not be construed literally and in a vacuum
and instead regard must be had to the context of the Facility Documents. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s submissions, paras 24-25, 33.

Specifically, cl 6 of Annex 1 provides that in the event of any inconsistency
between the terms and conditions in the Mortgage and those in the Offer
Letter, the terms and conditions in the Offer Letter prevail. Further, the
purpose of cl 1.1 of Annex 1 is a narrow one. Clauses 1.2 and 1.3 of Annex 1
do not apply to any other facility except to the Loan Facility extended to the
Mortgagors. Likewise, cl 2 of Annex 1, which operates to secure the Loan
Facility with the Mortgage, does not address a liability akin to the Judgment
Debt. The “in consideration” clause prior to cl 1 similarly emphasises that
the relevant subject matter in question is the Loan Facility and nothing more.
Moreover, cl 1(a) of the Offer Letter sets out the purpose of the Loan
Facility, which is to “finance [the] purchase of the Property for Investment
by the Mortgagor(s)”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 11.

Clause 2 of the Offer Letter also refers to the mortgage-security that the
Borrowers had to execute. Finally, cl 1.1 of the Memorandum provides for
repayment of the Mortgage, which again focuses on the Mortgage. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 50.

The Facility Documents had to guide the interpretation of cl 1.1 of Annex 1
because the court construes linked contracts consistently with one another:
Durham v BAI (Run Off) Ltd (in scheme of arrangement) [2012] ICR 574 at [69].

(c) During oral arguments, counsel for the defendant argued that the broad
expression “otherwise in any manner whatsoever” in cl 1.1 of Annex 1 is
qualified and explained by the subsequent phrase “whether certain or
contingent primary or collateral including … the balance which at the date of
such demand shall be owing or remain unpaid to the Mortgagee by the Mortgagor”
in cl 1.1 of Annex 1. These examples do not include a judgment debt or a
guarantee independently given by a co-mortgagor. The defendant relies on the
remark by Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury PSC in Arnold v Britton [2015] 2 WLR
1593 (“Arnold”) at [17] that “… the parties must have been specifically
focussing on the issue covered by the provision when agreeing the wording of
that provision”. If the Bank had intended to provide for the situation before
the court, the drafter would have directed the language to such a scenario.

(d) In addition, the defendant relies on decided cases in the UK to argue that
the court should construe an “all moneys” clause narrowly. For example, the
English Court of Appeal in Lloyds TSB v Shorney [2002] 1 FLR 81 (“Lloyds”)
refused to allow an expansive interpretation of an “all moneys” clause and
prevented the bank from bringing within the mortgage terms liabilities that
arose under guarantees given by the mortgagor subsequent to the executed
mortgage. The defendant also cites the judgment of Lord Millett in AIB Group
(UK) Ltd v Martin and another [2002] 1 WLR 94 (“AIB”) at [8] and [15], who
expressed the possibility of interpreting an “all moneys” clause in a manner
that avoided imposing “secondary liability as surety in addition to a primary
liability as principal debtor”.

(e) Finally, the defendant relies on several Australian decisions to argue
that “all moneys” clauses should be construed to exclude liabilities of a
character fundamentally different from those contemplated by the agreement. In
the Australian decision of Estoril Investments Pty Ltd v Westpac Banking
Corporation (1993) 6 BPR 13146 (“Estoril”) at 13151–13152, Young J articulated
several guidelines illustrating how courts often approach dragnet clauses, one
of which states that “[o]nly debts of the same type or character as the
original debt are secured by the mortgage”. The guideline was affirmed and
applied in Perpetual Trustee Company Ltd v Mariam Mohamad Moussa [2013] NSWSC
131 at [59] (holding that an “all moneys” clause does not extend to include
liability in restitution) and In the Matter of John Peter Piccolo, Dean
Royston McVeigh v National Australia Bank Limited [2000] FCA 187 at [85]
(accepting that an “all moneys” clause would not extend to secure tortious
liability). This approach is contended to be consistent with the Court of
Appeal’s approach in Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte
Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR
1187 (“Y.E.S.”) at [31], which provides that where the plain and unambiguous
meaning of the text leads to an absurd result, the court will have to
undertake careful analysis of the text and context to ascertain whether the
text is indeed plain and unambiguous. Here, the stark facts put the case into
such a category where the plain and unambiguous meaning of the text led to an
absurd result, in three ways. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 41.

First, the new liability arose as a result of a guarantee provided in support
of debts owed by third party companies with which the defendant had no
connection. Second, the obligation amounting to US$131,512,173.91 was
different in nature and scale to the S$2.7m property loan. Third, the rights
under the Guarantee merged into the Judgment Debt (the liability which the
Bank now relies on) and that is, on any view, a liability fundamentally
different from the property loan.

14 In response, the plaintiff argues that the language of the Facility
Documents is clear and that the court must give effect to what a document,
which the parties have contractually agreed to be bound by, expressly and
specifically states:

(a) Clause 1.1 of Annex 1 requires the Mortgagors to pay “on demand … all such
sums of money which are now or shall from time to time or at any time
hereafter be owing … to the Mortgagee … either as principal or as surety and
either solely or jointly or jointly with any other person or persons in
partnership or otherwise whether on the said Accounts or otherwise in any
manner whatsoever or for all other liabilities …” [emphasis added]. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 111.

Furthermore, cl 7 of Annex 1 provides that “[w]here two or more persons are
included in the expression ‘the Mortgagor’ all covenants stipulations and
provisions contained herein shall be deemed to be made by and to apply to and
be binding upon all such persons jointly and severally”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 112.

The Memorandum provides that the Borrowers would “hereby jointly and severally
covenant with the Bank … [t]o pay to the Bank all monies which are now or
shall from time to time or at any time be owing or remain unpaid to the Bank”.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 50.

Moreover, cl 9.26 of the Memorandum provides that “where two or more persons
are included in the expression ‘the Mortgagor’ or ‘the Borrower’ all covenants
stipulations and provisions herein contained shall be deemed to be made by and
to apply to and be binding upon all such persons jointly and severally”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 103.

(b) The defendant’s purposive and contextual approach cannot override the
plain wording of the contract. No canon of construction allows the court to
ignore the intention of the parties, effectively rewriting the terms of the
contract: Y.E.S. at [32]; Yap Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 (“Yap
Son On”) at [30]; Lucky Realty Co Pte Ltd v HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd
[2016] 1 SLR 1069 (“Lucky Realty”) at [3]. More specifically, this approach
was affirmed by the Singapore Court of Appeal in the context of an “all
moneys” clause: see Re Tararone Investments Pte Ltd [2001] 3 SLR(R) 61 (“Re
Tararone”) at [19].

(c) Courts in foreign jurisdictions have similarly affirmed a broad
construction of “all moneys” clauses. In particular, the House of Lords in AIB
did not hesitate to construe an “all moneys” clause such that one borrower’s
liability extended to debts incurred solely by the other party when both had
undertaken to be jointly and severally liable for each other’s debts.

Issue before the court

15 The only issue is whether, on a proper interpretation of the Facility
Documents, the language of cl 1.1 is broad enough to include the Judgment
Debt.

My decision

16 Having read the parties’ submissions and heard the oral arguments, I found
that the defendant was jointly and severally liable for the Judgment Debt
pursuant to cl 1.1 of Annex 1. I elaborate on my reasons below.

17 At the outset, the defendant’s reliance on a purposive and contextual
approach to interpreting the Facility Documents is misplaced. The following
principles set out by the Court of Appeal in Yap Son On are relevant:

(a) the text of the parties’ agreement is of first importance in ascertaining
the parties’ objective intentions (at [30]); and

(b) in ascertaining the meaning that the words of a contract would convey to a
reasonable person with the relevant background knowledge, the words used by
the parties occupy primacy of place (at [38]).

18 That the language of an agreement assumes central importance is an
incontrovertibly well-established principle: see Y.E.S. ([13(e)] supra) at
[32]; Lucky Realty ([14(b)] supra) at [3]. The defendant accepted in her own
submissions to the court that “[i]t is not for the Court to rewrite the
parties’ bargain” and “[i]f the language is unambiguous, the Court must apply
it”: Al Sanea v Saad Investments Co Ltd (in liquidation) [2012] EWCA Civ 313
at [31]. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s submissions, para 16.

More specifically, “all-obligations” or “dragnet” clauses such as cl 1.1 are
not exempt from the general principles of contractual interpretation, for it
has been observed in Burgess on Law of Loans and Borrowing (Struan Scott ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed, March 2016 release) (“Burgess”) at para 5.17
that “[i]n interpreting such clauses the usual starting point is that general
contract principles apply”. Accordingly, I cannot accept the defendant’s
approach that begins and ends with a purposive and contextual interpretation
of the agreement.

19 Rather, I arrive at my conclusion on the basis of the unambiguously clear
language of the Facility Documents. On a plain reading of cl 1.1 of Annex 1, I
find that the words “all such sums of money which are now … owing or remain
unpaid to the Mortgagee by the Mortgagor either as principal or as surety and
either solely or jointly … whether on the said Accounts or otherwise in any
manner whatsoever or for all other liabilities” encompass a range of
liabilities that includes the Judgment Debt. The fact that the defendant’s
husband entered into the Guarantee independently does not bring the situation
beyond cl 1.1 because cl 7 of Annex 1 makes clear that “[w]here two or more
persons are included in the expression ‘the Mortgagor’ all covenants
stipulations and provisions contained herein shall be deemed to be made by and
to apply to and be binding upon all such persons jointly and severally”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Chua Tiong Nam Martin’s 1st affidavit dated 29 August 2019, p 112.

There is no principle of interpretation warranting a departure from the
broadly-worded and wide-ranging language of Annex 1.

20 The defendant’s assertion that the broad language in cl 1.1 of Annex 1 is
qualified by the subsequent phrase “whether certain or contingent primary or
collateral including … the balance which at the date of such demand shall be
owing or remain unpaid to the Mortgagee by the Mortgagor” holds no water. This
attempt to narrow the scope of cl 1.1 neglects the words “all other
liabilities … including (but without prejudice to the generality of the
foregoing)”. The defendant also ignores the second half of cl 1.1, which
states that the Borrowers’ obligation to pay extends to “the balance … on the
said Accounts or otherwise in any manner whatsoever whether … in respect of …
guarantees … signed by the [Borrowers] … solely … or in respect of any other
banking facilities whatsoever” [emphasis added]. Since the Judgment Debt
stemmed from the Guarantee, it also falls squarely within the language of this
part of cl 1.1.

21 Contrary to the defendant’s submission, the “in consideration” clause in
Annex 1 does not only refer to the Loan Facility. The “in consideration”
clause states:

In consideration of the Mortgagee having at the request of the Mortgagor
agreed to make or continuing to make available to the Mortgagor general
banking facilities including but not limited to … guarantee facilities …
whether in Singapore Dollars and/or in foreign currencies … up to amount or
amounts as the Mortgagee may from time to time agree …, the Mortgagor hereby
covenants with the Mortgagee:

[emphasis added]

Plainly, the “in consideration” clause covers a broad spectrum of banking
facilities.

22 In addition, the defendant misconstrues Lord Neuberger’s observation in
Arnold ([13(c)] supra) at [17] in asserting that the language of the document
“must have been specifically focussing on the issue covered by the provision”.
The entirety of the passage is reproduced here:

17 First, the reliance placed in some cases on commercial common sense and
surrounding circumstances (eg in Chartbrook [2009] AC 1101, paras 16-26)
should not be invoked to undervalue the importance of the language of the
provision which is to be construed. The exercise of interpreting a provision
involves identifying what the parties meant through the eyes of a reasonable
reader, and, save perhaps in a very unusual case, that meaning is most
obviously to be gleaned from the language of the provision. Unlike commercial
common sense and the surrounding circumstances, the parties have control over
the language they use in a contract. And, again save perhaps in a very unusual
case, the parties must have been specifically focussing on the issue covered
by the provision when agreeing the wording of that provision.

[emphasis added]

Considering the passage in full, Lord Neuberger was not prescribing a novel
canon of interpretation but was instead underscoring the centrality of the
text and textual interpretation to the construction of contractual terms. This
is diametrically opposed to the defendant’s case. Indeed, the Singapore Court
of Appeal in Yap Son On ([14(b)] supra) at [38] affirmed Lord Neuberger’s
exposition in Arnold and emphasised, in similar terms, that “the words used by
the parties occupy primacy of place”.

23 In any event, the defendant’s proposition that the language of a document
“must have been specifically focussing on the issue covered by the provision”
is unsustainable. The defendant cannot reason backwards to argue that the
parties did not contemplate an occurrence and therefore conclude that the
contract did not cover that situation. It is for the court to examine the
language of the document to see whether the words have the versatility to
accommodate the circumstances. As observed in Burgess at para 5.16:

Most professionally drawn loan agreements define ‘borrowings’ in such a way as
to include not only the sums currently the subject of the agreement but also
future sums lent or in respect of which the borrower might become indebted to
the lender or, indeed, in respect of which the lender might find itself
guarantor of the borrower’s obligations. Such clauses are usually tied to some
security. An example would be:

‘The mortgagor hereby charges to the Bank its undertaking (including goodwill)
and all its assets whatsoever and wheresoever both present and future … with
the repayment to the Bank of all moneys now or hereafter to become owing or
payable to the Bank by the mortgagor in any circumstances or manner whatsoever
including but without limiting the foregoing either alone or in conjunction
with any person … or on any other account whatsoever including any moneys
which may be due and owing by the mortgagor to the Bank under or by virtue of
any instrument or guarantee executed by the mortgagor in favour of the Bank to
secure repayment of any advance made by the Bank to any person ALSO any moneys
which the Bank shall pay or become liable to pay for or on account of the
mortgagor either by direct advances or by reason of the Bank’s entering into
any guarantee for or on behalf of the mortgagor’.

24 Even assuming for the sake of argument that the defendant’s contextual and
purposive approach applies in the present case, the attempt to limit cl 1.1
with reference to cll 1.2 and 1.3 of Annex 1 (as set out at [4] above) does
not succeed. It is precisely because the words in cll 1.2 and 1.3 are
restrictive that one might argue that cl 1.1 was, in contrast, intended to be
broader than the other two clauses. Clauses 1.2 and 1.3 merely refer to
interest on any balance owing to the Bank out of any other facilities, but cl
1.1 is the only clause referring to “all such sums of money” and was thus
intended to cover a wide range of liabilities.

25 Finally, the authorities that the defendant relies on do not assist her
case. The Singapore Court of Appeal’s decision governing the construction of
an “all moneys” clause, Re Tararone ([14(b)] supra), does not cohere with the
defendant’s approach. In Re Tararone, the bank sought to enforce a charge over
money in a fixed deposit account maintained by Tararone, which was created to
secure the debt of Sogo. Specifically, the relevant clause provided that
Tararone would secure the overdraft facility “together with all monies and
liabilities which may be owing to [the bank] from time to time”: see Re
Tararone at [14]. When Sogo eventually experienced financial difficulties, the
bank indicated (without informing Tararone) that it would honour specific
cheques provided that the deductions did not exceed the security. Sogo then
drew 33 cheques and made a further three GIRO deductions. Subsequently, Sogo
and Tararone were placed under judicial management. The judicial managers of
Tararone resisted the bank’s application, and the sole issue was whether the
charge as properly construed secured Sogo’s liabilities in respect of the 33
cheques and three GIRO deductions. The High Court held that “all monies and
liabilities which may be owing to [the Bank] from time to time” under cl 1(c)
of the facility letter referred to “ancillary debts such as interests and
costs arising under the facility” but not “money or liability outside the
facility”: see Re Tararone Investments Pte Ltd [2001] 1 SLR(R) 352 at [2]. The
Court of Appeal helpfully summarised the High Court’s ruling at [12] of its
judgment:

12 The judge below held that the charge was only to secure the $18m overdraft
debt which Sogo owed to DBS at the time the charge was created and that the
phrase ‘all moneys and liabilities which may be owing to the Bank from time to
time’ appearing in the facility letter related to ancillary debts such as
interests and costs arising under the facility; it could not mean any money or
liability outside the facility. He was of the view that while the wording of
the charge seemed to be wide, the clauses therein must be read together to
determine the parties’ intention. Clause 4 referred to the termination
provision of the facility letter and the right of the chargor to withdraw such
amount from the FD as was commensurate with the sums repaid by Sogo in
accordance with the repayment schedule. Clause 6 referred to Tararone’s
obligation to keep the charge as a continuing security up to $18m and the
expression ‘continuing security’ ought not be given a wider meaning than was
plain in the context of the facility letter and the charge. He felt that it
could not have been the intention of the parties that the charge should secure
any further loans made by DBS to Sogo when the overdraft facility granted
under the letter of 4 March 1998 had been terminated.

26 The High Court’s ruling was reversed on appeal. In allowing the bank’s
claim to enforce these subsequent drawdowns, the Court of Appeal rejected
Tararone’s argument that the expression “all monies and liabilities” was
limited to the overdraft facility. The Court of Appeal held at [15]–[19]:

15 We would observe that, if that was the intended meaning, then the word
‘thereunder’ should appropriately have appeared after the phrase ‘may be
owing’. Indeed, if that was the intention, there would have been no necessity
to refer to ‘all monies and liabilities which may be owing to the bank from
time to time’. It would have sufficed to merely state ‘The above facility
shall be secured by …’

16 We shall now turn to consider the provisions in the charge. Under cl 1, the
charge was expressly stated to be in respect of ‘advances, loans credit and/or
other banking facilities or accommodation’ given to Sogo, all of which
facilities are collectively referred to as ‘the banking facilities’. Under
that clause, Tararone covenanted to pay to DBS, on demand, all sums of money
owing by Sogo in respect of those banking facilities. Clause 2 charged the FD
with the repayment of all moneys owing by Sogo to DBS. Tararone further
confirmed that the FD would be held by DBS as a continuing security for the
due payment of all of Sogo’s liabilities owing from time to time to DBS.
Clause 3 authorised DBS, without notice to Tararone, to appropriate all or any
part of the FD towards payment of all of Sogo’s liabilities to DBS. Finally,
cl 6 reaffirmed that notwithstanding the other provisions, the charge ‘shall
be and remain a continuing security for all moneys and liabilities from time
to time owing by Sogo to DBS in respect of the banking facilities’. In the
light of the terms of these clauses, there cannot be any doubt that this was
an ‘all money’ charge.

17 While it is true that the original reason for the creation of the charge
was the $18m overdraft facility which DBS had then granted to Sogo, and which
DBS were prepared to continue to extend to Sogo, the express terms of the
charge clearly go beyond that. Nowhere is it stated, nor can it be implied,
that the charge merely secures the payment of the overdraft facility. The
court ought to give effect to what the document expressly and specifically
stated.

18 In this connection reference may be made to Bank of India v Trans
Continental Commodity Merchants Ltd [1983] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 298 and Re Rudd & Son
Ltd [1986] 2 BCC 98, 955. Admittedly, in these two English cases, the charging
provisions were not identical to that of the present case and they also
specified ‘on any account whatsoever’ or ‘any other account’, which are not to
be found in our instant charge. However, in our opinion, these differences
notwithstanding, they do not render the charge here any less an ‘all-money’
charge. While the words ‘any other account’ do not appear in the present
charge, it must be borne in mind that cl 1 refers to ‘advances, loans, credit
and/or other banking facilities or accommodation’. It is a very wide clause.
If the intention was merely to secure that specific overdraft account, it
would have easily so stated. Furthermore, Tararone also covenanted to pay on
demand ‘all sums of moneys which now or thereafter from time to time and at
any time shall be owing’ in respect of the aforesaid banking facilities. This
is again inconsistent with any intention to only repay the debt in the
overdraft account.

19 In our judgment, the charge is truly a charge in respect of all moneys from
any account which are owed by Sogo to DBS. We would reiterate that, if the
overdraft account was all that the parties had in mind, they would have simply
referred to that and would not have widened the clause to cover any ‘advances,
loans, credit and/or other banking facilities’. Most of the clauses in the
charge may well be standard provisions (as cl 4 is clearly not) but there is
no canon of construction which allows the court to ignore the express words in
a document, or to rewrite the terms which the parties have agreed, unless a
plain construction of the words would lead to absurdity.

27 In my view, the reasoning in Re Tararone applies with equal force in the
present case. The clause here contains similarly broad language such as “all
such sums of money which are now or shall from time to time or at any time
hereafter be owing or remain unpaid”, “either as principal or as surety” and
“or otherwise in any manner whatsoever or for all other liabilities”.

28 Additionally, the leading UK decision in respect of “all moneys” clauses,
AIB ([13(d)] supra), supports the approach in Re Tararone. In AIB, Mr Martin
was a property developer doing business in his own capacity and in partnership
with Mr Gold. Mr Martin and the partnership borrowed money from the bank,
which was secured by mortgages provided by both men individually. Clause 1 of
the mortgage agreement provided that “[i]f the expression ‘the mortgagor’
includes more than one person it shall be construed as referring to all and/or
any one of those persons and the obligations of such persons hereunder shall
be joint and several”. Clause 2(1) stated as follows:

The Mortgagor hereby covenants with each of the Bank and the Company that it
will on demand pay or discharge to the Bank and the Company:–

(1) all sums of money which have been or are now or may hereafter at any time
or from time to time be advanced to the Mortgagor by the Bank or the Company
(as the case may be);

(2) all other indebtedness and/or liabilities whatsoever of the Mortgagor to
the Bank or the Company (as the case may be) present, future, actual and/or
contingent and whether on any banking or other account or otherwise in any
manner whatsoever including such indebtedness and/or liabilities due under the
terms hereof (whether alone or jointly with any other person and in whatever
style, name or form and whether as principal or surety);

…

29 When the partnership failed, the bank called in all the loans. The question
posed before the House of Lords was whether a co-mortgagor (Mr Gold) could be
jointly and severally liable for the debt owed to the bank by the other co-
mortgagor (Mr Martin) alone, pursuant to the “all moneys” clause at [28]
above. Jacob J answered the question affirmatively. The Court of Appeal agreed
with the judge. The House of Lords upheld the Court of Appeal’s decision
unanimously. As Lord Scott of Foscote noted, it was clear that both mortgagors
had covenanted to pay “all other indebtedness and/or liabilities whatsoever of
the mortgagor to the bank” (AIB at [41]), even if this left “Mr Gold under
obligations that he had not foreseen and had not intended at the time he
signed the mortgage” (AIB at [44]). In my view, the present case finds a
strong analogue in AIB, for cl 1.1 of Annex 1 is equally broad as the “all
moneys” clause in that decision.

30 The defendant in the present case attempted to reiterate Mr Gold’s argument
that the “all moneys” clause should be construed on a distributive basis such
that liabilities for the separate debts of the individuals are attributed to
the individuals who had originally incurred the debt. I find no basis to
accept this argument. While both the Court of Appeal and House of Lords
grappled with this submission, neither court accepted the argument. Lord
Rodger of Earlsferry held that the joint and several “all moneys” clause
precluded the notion that liability entailed mere payment of a pro rata share
of debts: AIB at [48]. Notwithstanding the sympathy that the law lords had for
Mr Gold’s plight, the House of Lords felt constrained to construe the words as
they stood in the absence of any rectification.

31 As alluded to by the defendant (see [13(d)] above), Lord Millett opined
that it was possible to construe cl 2(1) in a distributive manner to avoid
duplicative and secondary liability as a surety in addition to primary
liability as a debtor: AIB at [8] and [15]. When read together with the
interpretation clause, cl 2(1) provided that (AIB at [49]):

Mr Martin and Mr Gold and each of them hereby jointly and severally covenant
with … the bank … that they and each of them will on demand pay or discharge
to the bank … all sums of money … advanced to Mr Martin and Mr Gold or either
of them by the bank …

32 Two interpretations of this clause were considered in AIB ([13(d)] supra).
On one view, the provision imposed an obligation on both Mr Martin and Mr
Gold, jointly and severally, to repay all sums granted to them in partnership
and also to repay all sums loaned to them individually. On the other hand,
Lord Millett thought it was possible to interpret the clause such that
liability for the individual debts would be attributed only to the person who
incurred the debts. The law lord arrived at this view by virtue of the maxim
reddendo singular singulis, which permitted the separation of plurals into
their respective singular components. Lord Millett explained in AIB at
[15]–[18]:

15 … A distributive construction is commonly adopted when a plural subject is
followed by a plural predicate and the plurals are broken down into their
component singulars. An example from everyday speech would be to say: ‘A and B
took their children to school.’ Prima facie the word ‘their’ means ‘belonging
to both of them’. But this is not its only possible meaning, and if A and B
are not married it is obviously not its meaning. In that case the word ‘their’
means ‘of each of them’. But this means that A and B took their respective
children to school, not each other’s children. The children are distributed to
the relevant parent. And it goes further than that. Although the word ‘school’
is in the singular, it may conceal a plural. If necessary, the sentence means
that A and B took the children to their respective schools.

16 This is a well-established principle of construction. It often, and perhaps
usually, gives the words their most natural meaning. It parades under a Latin
name reddendo singula singulis. This simply means that, when plurals are
broken down, each singular component must be attributed to its respective
singular and not to every other possible singular. It is a broad and general
principle which departs from the literal and grammatical meaning and does not
depend upon minutiae of language.

17 In the present case the principle would operate in two ways. It would apply
the interpretation clause to clause 2(1) by attributing the obligation to
repay the moneys advanced to Mr Martin and Mr Gold jointly to their joint and
several covenant, thereby removing the unnecessary duplication resulting from
the attribution of the same obligation to their individual covenants. This
reading preserves the identity between the covenantor and the subject-matter
of the covenant, and makes no difference to the effect of the joint mortgage.
It is the most natural way to read the operative clause and ought not to be
controversial. Mr Martin and Mr Gold thereby jointly and severally covenant to
pay the joint debts and each of them separately covenants to pay the separate
debts.

18 Critically, however, a distributive application of the interpretation
clause would not stop there. It would also attribute the obligation to repay
the separate debts of ‘the mortgagor’, not to each member of the class, but to
the relevant member who owed them. This is a perfectly legitimate, and in my
opinion the more natural, way to apply the interpretation clause. It treats a
covenant by two or more persons (insofar as it means by each of them) to
discharge their debts (in so far as it means the debts of each of them) as a
covenant by each of them to discharge his own debts and not the debts of the
other or others. Put shortly, it treats the obligation of two or more persons
to pay their debts as an obligation to pay their respective debts.

33 Be that as it may, I am not persuaded to apply the foregoing analysis here
for two reasons. First, Lord Rodger cast doubt on the utility of the maxim at
[50], since it could not operate contrary to the intention of the parties to
divide or withdraw separate debts from joint and several liability. Second, in
any event, Lord Millett made the foregoing observation by way of obiter dicta
and ultimately did not dissent in AIB. Observing that the other law lords were
“unanimously of the opinion” that the distributive construction was not
legitimate, Lord Millett was “not prepared to dissent from that view”: see AIB
at [22].

34 That AIB concerned a partnership does not make it a different type of case
because the liabilities in a partnership are the respective liabilities of the
individual partners. The authors of Burgess note at para 2.54:

At English law a partnership has no legal personality separate from the
personalities of its individual (or corporate) members. The liabilities of the
partnership are directly the liabilities of the individual partners.

… The terms of a loan transaction or a guarantee/security entered into by the
partnership may provide that the partners’ obligations extend beyond the
partnership debt to encompass the purely personal obligations of a partner.
This was the position in AIB Group (UK) Ltd v Martin. …

35 The UK decision of Lloyds ([13(d)] supra) is distinguishable. Unlike the
present case, the facility documents in Lloyds at [3] contained a fixed
monetary cap on the mortgage and guarantee (“provided that the total amount
recoverable by the Bank from the Mortgagor under this Mortgage shall not
exceed the sum of One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds (£150,000)”).
Nevertheless, the bank permitted the husband to incur liabilities exceeding
the capped sum without the wife’s consent or knowledge. After her husband’s
default, the wife paid the bank the fixed monetary cap stipulated under the
guarantee and mortgage, conceding that she was liable for this sum. On these
facts, the court accepted that this was the extent of her liability and that
the wife had discharged her obligation.

36 The defendant relies on Estoril ([13(e)] supra) to argue that “[o]nly debts
of the same type or character as the original debt are secured by the
mortgage”: see Estoril at 13151. Estoril was cited in Re Tararone ([14(b)]
supra) at [30]–[31]:

30 Finally, we ought to mention that counsel for Tararone relied upon the
following passage of Young J in the Australian case Estoril Investments Pty
Ltd v Westpac Banking Corporation (1993) 6 BPR 13,146 to contend that, in
relation to the present charge, it should sensibly be read down to
circumscribe its application:

However, in my view it is valid to say in Australia that when one sees a
mortgage in wide words and, as I believe is the situation in the instant case,
one would get absurdities if one read the wide words literally, one should
pause to see whether the parties intended when they entered into the mortgage
that it should cover the circumstance which has now arisen.

31 We do not see how this passage assists Tararone when the crucial
qualification in that passage is ‘one would get absurdities if one read the
wide words literally’. The absurdities which counsel thought existed in the
present charge was the alleged contradiction between cl 1 and cl 4. We have
explained above the consistency between the two clauses. To give cl 1 of the
charge its plain meaning would not lead to any absurdity. It is a common
phenomenon for banks, in granting facilities, to require the execution of an
‘all money’ charge. It is also a common feature for banks to set a limit to
the facilities it would accord to the borrower, which facilities would be
secured by a charge.

37 There are two reasons why Estoril does not provide a lifeline to the
defendant’s case.

38 First, as alluded to in Re Tararone at [30]–[31], the guideline requiring
“debts of the same character” is only engaged on the condition that “one would
get absurdities if one read the wide words literally”: Estoril at 13154. The
court considers whether the debts are “of the same type or character” after it
is established that the language of the mortgage term would result in
absurdities. Here, no absurd result arises from the plain language of cl 1.1
of Annex 1. Where there is no such absurdity, the literal words apply even if
the language is broad. Since the defendant is unable to establish that one
would arrive at absurdities if one read the wide words in cl 1.1 of Annex 1
literally, I find no basis to consider whether the debt is of the “same type
or character”.

39 Second, as Young J repeatedly observed in Estoril at 13151–13152, the
operation of the guideline ultimately depends on the construction of each
mortgage:

In the United States of America, as can be seen from Nelson G and Whitman D,
Real Estate Finance Law (2nd ed, 1988), pp 899-902, there have been a series
of cases in which, what the Americans call ‘dragnet clauses’ have been read
down by the courts. The learned authors say at p 899 that in the absence of
such a method of construction, ‘A mortgagor might naively execute upon his
house a mortgage containing a dragnet clause and consequently find himself
locked in to that particular lender for the rest of his life.’ The learned
authors then say: ‘Dragnet clauses are generally upheld, but because their
apparent coverage is so broad, and because the mortgagor is often unaware of
their presence or implications, the courts tend to construe them narrowly
against the mortgagee.’ However, it must be emphasised that this is a question
of construction. …

…

Nelson and Whitman at pp 900-2 set out nine guidelines which illustrate how
courts often approach dragnet clauses provided that the language permits them
to do so. These can be summarised as follows:

…

(2) Only debts of the same type or character as the original debt are secured
by the mortgage.

…

… Generally it seems to me the guidelines set out in Nelson and Whitman are
applicable to Australian conditions though I emphasise once more that it all
depends on the construction of the individual mortgage.

[emphasis added]

On the facts, the court found in favour of the bank. In doing so, Young J held
at 13154 – 13155:

… It is not to be thought that merely because the business had changed and
expanded that the mortgages which were taken out to secure working capital
were not to operate as such security. But Mr Einfeld QC says that the debts
which are now being sought to be charged against Estoril are so far removed
from what was originally contemplated that the moneys are not within the wide
all moneys clause. With respect I disagree. Even though the parties may well
not have contemplated at the time of entering into the mortgages that there
would be a million dollars in legal costs which came about because Mr
Wimborne, the principal of Estoril, became involved with a Saudi Arabian
Prince, nonetheless the parties anticipated that there would be costs and
expenses including legal costs which could possibly arise in connection with
the banking and which might be added on to the principal sum.

Accordingly even though I am of the view that there is some such rule of
construction such as Mr Einfeld QC suggests, I do not believe that it gives
any comfort to Estoril in the present case. It is thus a situation where one
should direct one’s mind to the particular words used to see whether this
liability for costs and this liability for interest is properly able to be
brought within the words which the parties have used.

This is, in substance, no different from the approach that the Singapore
courts apply. As I reason at [19] above, a plain construction of the Facility
Documents indicates that the defendant is liable for the Judgment Debt.

40 Finally, I note that AIB ([13(d)] supra) has been cited with approval in
the Hong Kong decision of Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Ltd v Pak Kwan
Ho [2018] HKEC 580. That case is very similar to the present one. There, the
court held that a wife who was a co-mortgagor could not escape liabilities
incurred by her husband under an “all moneys” mortgage (at [26]):

26\. The use of ‘all monies’ clause has become a common banking practice. The
Legal Charge containing such a clause is the prevalent type of security
instrument adopted by most commercial banks in all ordinary transactions.
Under such a charge, a co-mortgagor is jointly and severally liable to the
lender for all his indebtedness as well as that of his co-mortgagor, unless a
limit has been set, whether jointly incurred or alone, and whether incurred at
or after the execution of the legal charge. Whether a co-mortgagor has
knowledge of the level of indebtedness of his co-mortgage before entering into
the ‘all monies’ mortgage is irrelevant. Nor is his knowledge of the co-
mortgagor incurring new liabilities thereafter. Such a construction has been
given effect by the highest court of England. I am unable to see how the 2nd
defendant can escape from such consequence by arguing that her husband’s
Personal Loans and Corporate Loans were non-existent at the time of execution
of the Legal Charge and were not within her contemplation. At the time she
signed the Legal Charge, none of those loans were in existence, and neither
were the Mortgage Loans. But on a fair reading of clause 1.01 as extended by
clause 1.03, the 2nd defendant is liable for all present and future
indebtedness incurred jointly by her and the 1st defendant or by either of
them alone. This may not be what she subjectively intended. The court is not
privy to the negotiation of the Legal Charge. It may not take into account the
subjective intention of the 2nd defendant. This is the typical case where the
ordinary meaning of the words makes sense in relation to the entire document
and the factual background, though the consequences may appear hard for the
defendants or either of them. Accordingly, the 2nd defendant is jointly liable
with the 1st defendant in respect of his Personal Loans and the Corporate
Loans of his companies.

Likewise, I see no compelling legal reason to depart from the approach in AIB.

41 Ultimately, it is not uncommon for banks to draft clauses in the widest
possible terms to mitigate the uncertainty of future circumstances. It goes
without saying that at the time of signing the contract, the Borrowers could
not have known that the defendant’s husband would subsequently incur a
liability upwards of US$131m. But neither did the Bank and, in the final
analysis, the Borrowers did sign the Facility Documents. Unfortunately for the
defendant, the established rules of contractual interpretation, which accord
paramount importance to the language used, leave no room for the courts to
rewrite the express terms of contracts presented before them. Even hard cases
and sophisticated arguments cannot avoid what a contract plainly provides.

Conclusion

42 For these reasons, I dismissed the defendant’s appeal with costs to the
plaintiff.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judicial Commissioner

Tan Kai Yun, Lorraine Koh Xin Yu and Rajan Menon Smitha (WongPartnership LLP)
for the plaintiff;

Yogarajah Yoga Sharmini and Kannan s/o Balakrishnan (Haridass Ho & Partners)
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 10 Dec 2020 (15:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

