Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 113

Criminal Appeal No 19 of 2020

Between

| Muhammad Anddy Faizul bin Mohd Eskah  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Ex Tempore judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual assault]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark Sentences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Muhammad Anddy Faizul bin Mohd Eskah

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGCA 113

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 19 of 2020  
Judith Prakash JA, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Quentin Loh J  
16 November 2020

16 November 2020

Judith Prakash JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The Appellant faced a total of 68 charges arising out of sexual offences
involving 19 victims. He pleaded guilty to and was convicted on nine charges,
with the remaining charges being taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing. The High Court Judge (“the Judge”) ordered three sentences to be
run consecutively, which resulted in an overall sentence of 22 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. This sentence was backdated to the
Appellant’s date of remand, which was 22 August 2017.

2 The three consecutive sentences stemmed from the 25th, 30th and 47th charges
against the Appellant. These charges involved:

(a) A count of aggravated statutory rape of victim number 5 punishable under s
375(1)(b) read with s 375(3)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
Penal Code”) (“the 25th charge”). The Appellant was sentenced to nine years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for this offence.

(b) A count of sexual assault by penile-oral penetration of victim number 6
punishable under s 376(1)(a) read with s 376(3) of the Penal Code (“the 30th
charge”). The Appellant was sentenced to six years’ imprisonment and four
strokes of the cane for this offence.

(c) A count of sexual assault by penile-anal penetration of victim number 11
punishable under s 376(1)(a) read with s 376(3) of the Penal Code (“the 47th
charge”). The Appellant was sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment and four
strokes of the cane for this offence.

3 The remaining charges similarly concerned offences of sexual assault, rape
and statutory rape. The Appellant was a youthful offender. At the time of the
earliest offence he was approaching 16 years of age and by the date of the
last offence he was aged 18 years.

4 The Appellant mounts two submissions in this appeal. First, he argues that
he was not given the opportunity to verify the Amended Statement of Facts
(“ASOF”) prior to his plea of guilt, and that there were a number of
inconsistencies and contradictory facts therein. Secondly, he argues that the
sentence imposed was manifestly excessive.

5 Having considered the parties’ written and oral submissions, we are
satisfied that the Appellant’s appeal has no merit.

6 The Appellant’s attempt to resile from his earlier plea of guilt appears to
stem from his dissatisfaction with the final sentence imposed by the Judge.
His assertion that there were procedural improprieties in the plead guilty
process is clearly unfounded.

7 We first note that the Appellant had legal representation at the hearing
below. A draft of the ASOF was shown to the Appellant in March 2020. The
appellant now says that he had issues with it which he mentioned to his
counsel but his counsel advised that it was too late to bring them up.
Subsequently, the ASOF was provided to the Appellant’s counsel on 2 June 2020.
The next day, on 3 June 2020, counsel for the Appellant confirmed that the
Appellant had no objections to the ASOF. The Appellant’s position now seems to
be that he did not see the ASOF before the hearing.

8 Be that as it may, the Appellant did have the opportunity to object to the
ASOF before he pleaded guilty. On the day of the hearing, 12 June 2020, the
Appellant’s interpreter was given a full hour to read the charges and the ASOF
to the Appellant before the commencement of proceedings at 10 am Subsequently,
the ASOF was read, again, to the Appellant during the formal High Court
proceedings. The Appellant was informed of the relevant facts pertaining to
each charge as well as the prescribed maximum sentence for the relevant
offences. It was only then that his plea of guilt was taken by the court. At
that time the Appellant did not raise any objection to anything written in the
ASOF. It bears emphasis that while the Appellant was provided with an
interpreter for the court proceedings, the evidence, which includes his
performance in the appeal today, shows that the Appellant has a good command
of both written and spoken English. At the time of the later offences the
Appellant was an ITE student and the various WhatsApp messages that the
Appellant exchanged with his intended victims displayed great familiarity with
English slang and shortforms. We are in no doubt that the Appellant fully
understood the ASOF then whatever he may say now.

9 Counsel for the appellant then went on to make a mitigation plea on behalf
of the Appellant. The mitigation plea was centred around a plea for leniency
in view of the Appellant’s youth and remorse for his actions. Crucially, the
Appellant’s counsel did not raise any concerns regarding inconsistencies or
inaccuracies in the ASOF during the mitigation plea. As the Prosecution noted,
the Appellant had ample opportunity to dispute any aspect of the charges and
the ASOF through his counsel, but simply chose not to do so. At all times, the
Appellant’s case below focused on his troubled past, his youth, and his
remorse, as well as the need for a lower sentence to account for these
mitigating factors.

10 The appellant’s appeal herein is strictly against sentence. Accordingly,
his quibbles with certain aspects of the ASOF, even if they merited attention
which in our view they do not, serve no purpose. Having pleaded guilty which
means no witnesses were called or evidence adduced, the Appellant cannot now
question the credibility of the prosecution’s evidence. At the trial, all
efforts were made to ensure that the Appellant understood the charges, the
possible punishments he faced and the facts that were asserted to support the
charges. In fact, the Appellant confirmed during the present proceedings that
he had understood the formal High Court proceedings. He did not contest the
charges then and he has not provided any basis now on which to contest them.
The appellant’s first contention cannot stand.

11 Turning to the appellant’s direct attack on the sentence as being
manifestly excessive, we find little reason to disagree with the Judge’s
ruling on the applicable sentences for each charge. They were in line with the
sentencing frameworks for rape and sexual assault by penetration as set out in
Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”) and Ng Kean Meng
Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) respectively. In
fact, the sentences imposed by the Judge for the 25th and 30th charges, which
respectively concern rape and sexual assault, were below the lowest end of the
sentencing frameworks in Pram Nair and Terence Ng. It was clear that the
Appellant’s mitigating factors and the totality principle had been given
sufficient consideration and resulted in these comparatively low sentences. We
have little doubt that had the Appellant been older, his sentence would have
been more severe.

12 The Judge also did not err in ordering three sentences to be run
consecutively. Where the overall criminality of the offender’s conduct cannot
be encompassed in two consecutive sentences, further consecutive sentences
ought to be considered. The offences that were committed were numerous,
grievous and had taken place over a period of three years. When the Appellant
was initially apprehended on 9 May 2016, he had already committed offences
against at least nine victims. After he was released on bail on 10 August
2016, he embarked on a fresh offending spree that involved ten new victims. He
did so in a cunning and calculated manner, and actively exploited the
vulnerabilities of his victims, all of whom were young, being between the ages
of 13 and 18. The three sentences that were directed to run consecutively
involved three different victims aged 13, 16 and 17 respectively. In total,
the nine charges that were proceeded with related to five different victims.
In view of the number of victims involved and the range and number of
offences, the imposition of three sentences to be run consecutively properly
reflected the Appellant’s culpability.

13 Given the severity of his actions, we do not accept that the sentences
imposed were manifestly excessive or inappropriate. Before we conclude the
present case, we wish to express our hope that the Appellant will endeavour to
take every opportunity afforded to him in prison to improve himself while
serving his term. As the Judge noted, the Appellant is still a young man who
has his entire life ahead of him – we encourage him to undertake a serious
effort to reflect on his actions so that he can become a useful and productive
member of society upon his release.

14 The appeal is dismissed.

Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

The Appellant in person;

Winston Man and Krystle Chiang  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Nov 2020 (10:06 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

