Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 117

Suit No 184 of 2018

Between

| CIMB Bank Berhad  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| World Fuel Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Banking] — [Lending and security]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CIMB Bank Bhd

  

v

  

World Fuel Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 117

High Court — Suit No 184 of 2018  
Dedar Singh Gill JC  
29, 30, 31 October, 1, 5 November 2019, 27 December 2019

9 June 2020 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill JC:

Introduction

1 In this action, CIMB Bank Berhad (“CIMB”) claims against World Fuel Services
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“WFS”) for sums under a deed of debenture dated 15 July
2016 (“the Debenture”). The Debenture assigned to CIMB rights under 11
invoices issued by Panoil Petroleum Pte Ltd (“Panoil”) (“the 11 Panoil
Invoices”) and 11 sales confirmations issued by Panoil (“the 11 Panoil Sales
Confirmations”). The 11 Panoil Sales Confirmations incorporated terms from a
document titled “Panoil’s Terms and Conditions For Sales of Marine Fuel”
(“Panoil’s Terms and Conditions”). The aforesaid invoices, sales confirmations
and terms and conditions are collectively referred to as “the Sales
Documents”. The Sales Documents related to 11 separate sales of marine fuel
oil by Panoil to WFS (“the Subject Transactions”).

Facts

Background

2 CIMB is the Singapore branch of a bank incorporated in Malaysia and is
licensed to provide banking services in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

KMMEVAEIC, para 3.

CIMB provided such services to Panoil. On 2 October 2017, Panoil was placed
under judicial management. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

LSJAEIC, para 14.

It has since been wound up. Panoil occupied a different position in the supply
chain for marine fuel oil from WFS. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

LCCAEIC, para 4.

Panoil was a physical supplier of marine fuel oil to vessels. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LCCAEIC, para 4.

WFS is a bunker trader with access to the supply of marine fuel oil from “oil
majors” and cargo traders.

3 CIMB’s banking services to Panoil were governed by a facility letter dated
29 June 2016 (“the Facility Letter”). The loan facility contained therein was
secured, inter alia, by an all monies limited debenture over all the goods
and/or the receivables and documents representing the goods financed by CIMB.
Under the Facility Letter, Panoil was obliged to execute such a debenture. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

KMMEVAEIC, paras 6 to 7.

On 15 July 2016, Panoil purportedly executed the Debenture in favour of CIMB.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

KMMEVAEIC, para 7; see KKMEV-3 for the copy of the Debenture.

In substance, the Debenture assigned certain rights to CIMB. CIMB relies on
those rights in this action against WFS.

4 In or around mid-August 2017, CIMB discovered that Panoil was in financial
trouble. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

KMMEVAEIC, para 21.

Based on news that Panoil’s bunker crafter operator’s license had been
revoked, CIMB realised that Panoil’s operations could suffer. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

KMMEVAEIC, para 27.

CIMB then issued WFS a notice of assignment on 29 August 2017 (“the Notice of
Assignment”) of its rights under the Debenture. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

KMMEVAEIC, para 28.

5 On 22 February 2018, CIMB sought to exercise its rights as the legal
assignee under the Debenture against WFS. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

KMMEVAEIC, para 34.

The witnesses

6 The following witnesses appeared for CIMB:

(a) Bay Gek Qwee (“Ms Bay”), an associate director for trade sales in CIMB. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1BAEIC; BGQAEIC, para 1.

Ms Bay testified that she had personally sent the Notice of Assignment to WFS.

(b) Lai Shing Joo (“Ms Lai”), a relationship manager in CIMB handling Panoil’s
affairs. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1BAEIC; LSJAEIC, paras 1 and 3.

Ms Lai described CIMB’s commercial relationship with Panoil and explained why
CIMB had not called Panoil’s former employees as witnesses in the present
proceedings.

(c) Khoo May May Evelyn Vanessa (“Ms Khoo”), a director of commercial banking
in CIMB. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2BAEIC; KMMEVAEIC, para 1.

Ms Khoo was the main witness for CIMB. She testified extensively on the
Subject Transactions and, more generally, on the commercial relationship
between CIMB and Panoil.

(d) Neo Tiau Gee (“Mr Neo”), the executive director of SDE International Pte
Ltd. He has more than 26 years of experience in the bunker industry. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1BAEIC; NTGAEIC, para 1.

Mr Neo was an expert witness on various matters relating to the bunkering
industry. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NTGAEIC, para 3.

He tendered an expert report (“Mr Neo’s Expert Report”).

7 The following witnesses appeared for WFS:

(a) Tan Chee Boon (“Mr Tan”), WFS’ supply manager. Mr Tan was personally
involved in WFS’ dealings with Panoil. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

TCBAEIC, para 1.

He testified that WFS had entered into a number of separate contracts with
Panoil that gave it certain rights of set-off against Panoil. He explained
that the sums due to Panoil under the Subject Transactions had been validly
set-off pursuant to various set-off notices.

(b) Adrienne Beth Bolan (“Ms Bolan”), the former senior Vice President and
Treasurer of WFS. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ABBAEIC, para 1.

Ms Bolan testified to the authenticity of a key document which WFS relies on
in this action. Ultimately, her evidence was not material to the proceedings
for the reasons explained at [82].

(c) Loh Chee Choon (“Mr Loh”), the Vice President (Asia Supply) of WFS. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

LCCAEIC, para 1.

Like Mr Tan, Mr Loh testified to the business dealings with Panoil and how the
sums owed to Panoil had been validly set off.

(d) Tay Liang Seng (“Mr Tay”), the financial controller of WFS. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

TLSAEIC, para 1.

Mr Tay gave evidence on the contracts that WFS had entered into with Panoil,
which granted it rights of set-off.

(e) Lee Boon Meng Francis (“Mr Lee”), the managing director of WFS. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

LBMFAEIC, para 1.

Mr Lee’s evidence was that he had personally signed three of the key documents
which WFS relies on to defend CIMB’s claims. Like Ms Bolan, his evidence was
ultimately not relevant to the proceedings.

The parties’ cases

CIMB’s case

8 CIMB claims that Panoil assigned to it certain rights under the Sales
Documents pursuant to the Debenture. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC (Amendment No.2), para 4.

These Sales Documents incorporated cl 8.2 of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions,
which provide that WFS was obliged to pay Panoil for each sales invoice “free
… of set-off”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC (Amendment No.2), para 6.

9 The details of the 11 Panoil Invoices are as follows: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOC (Amendment No.2), para 8.

Sales Confirmation Ref. No. | Invoice Date | Invoice No. | Invoice Amount (USD) | Late Payment Interest as at 19 Feb 2018 at 2% per month (USD)  
---|---|---|---|---  
SO-1706-0986 | 6 July 2017 | PS-B17/07-0016 | 381,602.89 | 50,625.98   
SO-1706-0964 | 9 July 2017| PS-B17/07-0025 | 395,953.61 | 51,737.94   
SO-1707-0996 | 10 July 2017| PS-B17/07-0028 | 396,532.50 | 51,813.58   
SO-1707-1027 (Amended Sales Confirmation) | 20 July 2017| PS-B17/07-0047 | 526,258.98 | 64,905.27   
SO-1707-1062 | 31 July 2017| PS-B17/07-0083 | 189,568.67 | 21,989.97   
SO-1707-1065 | 31 July 2017| PS-B17/07-0087 | 204,165.00 | 23,683.14   
SO-1707-1073 | 6 August 2017 | PS-B17/08-0004 | 304,351.57 | 34,087.38   
SO-1707-1080 | 7 August 2017 | PS-B17/08-0008 | 1,890,456.80 | 210,470.86   
SO-1708-1091| 10 August 2017| PS-B17/08-0017| 410,579.72| 44,890.05  
SO-1708-1102| 10 August 2017| PS-B17/08-0023| 90,013.13| 9,841.44  
SO-1707-1111| 12 August 2017| PS-B17-08-0030| 304,160.95| 32,849.38  
  
10 In total, CIMB claims US$5,093,643.82 and late payment interest of
US$596,894.99 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC (Amendment No.2), paras 12(1) and (2).

under the rights contained in the Sales Documents pursuant to the Debenture.

WFS’ case

11 WFS denies the authenticity of the Debenture. WFS also maintains that, as a
matter of contractual interpretation, the Debenture did not assign Panoil’s
rights under the Sales Documents to CIMB.

12 In addition, WFS does not admit that the Sales Documents governed the Sales
Transactions. Instead, WFS claims that each of the Subject Transactions was
covered by at least one of the following documents: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence (Amendment No.2), para 2.2.

(a) a contract of affreightment between WFS and Panoil dated 30 December 2016
(“the 2016 COA”);

(b) a contract of affreightment between WFS and Panoil dated 11 July 2017
(“the 2017 COA”);

(c) a Transportation Agreement M/T “OPHELIA” dated 1 January 2017 (“the 2017
TA”); and

(d) an agreement between WFS and Panoil on or around 20 August 2014, providing
for the mutual setting off of certain payable sums (“the 2014 Offset
Agreement”).

13 I refer to the first three documents collectively as the “Umbrella
Contracts”.

14 Essentially, WFS contends that the Subject Transactions were part of a
composite “buy-sell” relationship in which Panoil sold fuel oil to WFS before
Panoil bought the same quantity of oil from WFS. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence (Amendment No.2), para 2.6.

Thereafter, the oil would be delivered by Panoil to WFS’ vessels. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence (Amendment No.2), para 2.6.

This arrangement was governed by the Umbrella Contracts and/or the 2014 Offset
Agreement. Under these contracts, WFS had rights of set-off exercisable
against Panoil. Having exercised these rights against Panoil, WFS claims that
it no longer owes CIMB.

15 WFS also denies that cl 8.2 of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions had been
successfully incorporated into any of the Sales Documents and, in particular,
into the Sales Confirmations. Accordingly, WFS retained its rights of set-off.
WFS successfully exercised these rights of set-off against Panoil and is
therefore no longer liable to CIMB in respect of the Subject Transactions.
Finally, WFS submits that CIMB must prove “loss” in order to succeed in its
claims.

Issues to be determined

16 The following issues arise in this action:

(a) whether CIMB has proven the authenticity of the Debenture;

(b) have Panoil’s rights under the Sales Documents been assigned under the
Debenture;

(c) which documents governed the Subject Transactions;

(d) in any event, whether WFS was entitled to set-off the sums due under the
Subject Transactions before the Notice of Assignment; and

(e) whether CIMB is required to prove loss.

Is the Debenture authentic?

17 The Debenture contains two signatures purportedly belonging to Alvin Yong
Chee Ming (“Yong”), Panoil’s former managing director, and Lim Shi Zheng
(“Lim”), a director of Panoil. WFS insists that CIMB proves these signatures
belong to Yong and Lim.

18 CIMB’s treatment of the original Debenture in this suit is relevant in two
aspects.

19 First, the late disclosure of the original Debenture. CIMB disclosed a copy
of the Debenture to WFS by way of a letter from its solicitors on 14 February
2018. Similarly, it disclosed a copy of the Debenture in its list of documents
dated 28 September 2018. However, the original Debenture was only disclosed to
WFS on 24 October 2019, when CIMB’s solicitors wrote to WFS’ solicitors
informing them that the “original deed [was] available for [their]
inspection…” WFS inspected the original Debenture on 25 October 2019. Having
inspected the original Debenture, WFS filed a Notice of Non-Admission (“the
Notice”) as required by O 27 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed) (“ROC”). The trial commenced on 29 October 2019. No reason was put
forward for the late disclosure.

20 Second, although Ms Khoo referred to and exhibited a copy of the Debenture
in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the original Debenture was not admitted
through any of CIMB’s witnesses. Instead, the original Debenture was first
introduced at trial during the cross-examination of WFS’ witness, Mr Loh (see
below at [41]). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE, 1/11/2019, p 32.

21 At trial, CIMB did not call Yong and Lim as witnesses to testify to the
authenticity of the signatures. CIMB maintains that it cannot trust the
credibility of Yong and Lim’s evidence as they are presently being
investigated for wrongdoing against it, including for “double financing”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

LJSAEIC, paras 27 to 28.

CIMB also claims that the Commercial Affairs Department had asked it to assist
in investigations against Yong and Lim. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

LJSAEIC, paras 27 to 28.

22 Despite not calling Yong and Lim as witnesses, CIMB seeks to prove the
authenticity of the signatures by relying on s 75(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”).

23 Section 75(1) of the EA provides:

Comparison of signature, writing or seal with others admitted or proved

75.—(1) In order to ascertain whether a signature, writing or seal is that of
the person by whom it purports to have been written or made, any signature,
writing or seal, admitted or proved to the satisfaction of the court to have
been written or made by that person, may be compared by a witness or by the
court with the one which is to be proved, although that signature, writing or
seal has not been produced or proved for any other purpose.

24 CIMB submits that the signatures of Yong and Lim are clearly authentic upon
comparison with their signatures on other documents, the authenticity of which
WFS does not challenge. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PCS, para 40.

CIMB also points to the fact that it had produced the original Debenture for
inspection. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PRS, para 17.

Further, CIMB contends that WFS had not expressly pleaded that Yong and Lim’s
signatures were inauthentic. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PRS, para 14.

25 While WFS did not expressly plead that Yong and Lim’s signatures were
inauthentic, it did not admit, in Defence (Amendment No.2), to CIMB’s claims
that its banking facilities were secured by the Debenture, and that Panoil had
assigned, pursuant to the Debenture, all its rights, title, benefit, interest,
etc, under the Sales Documents. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defence (Amendment No.2), paras 3 and 4.

WFS also filed the Notice on 26 October 2019 which states that “[WFS] requires
[CIMB] to prove the authenticity of [the Debenture] at the trial of this
action” [emphasis added]. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Notice of Non-Admission of Documents dated 26 October 2019.

In my view, this placed CIMB on notice to prove the Debenture’s authenticity
at trial.

The law

26 The Court of Appeal in Jet Holding Ltd and others v Cooper Cameron
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other appeals [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 (“Jet
Holding (CA)”) established the following principles relating to the proof of
documents:

(a) A party is legally entitled to object to the authenticity of documents. It
is entitled to insist that the documents be admitted in accordance with the
proper rules of evidence (Jet Holding (CA) at [36]).

(b) The general principle is that the party wishing to admit documents into
evidence must comply with the provisions of the EA (Jet Holding (CA) at [48]).

(c) The relevant provisions on the admission of documents include ss 63 to 67
of the EA (Jet Holding (CA) at [37]).

(d) A party is generally deemed to admit authenticity unless he can bring
himself within O 27 r 4(2) of the ROC by showing that he had issued a notice
of non-admission within the requisite window of time (Jet Holding (CA) at
[73]).

27 In Jet Holding (CA), the court held that documents exhibited in a
supplemental affidavit of evidence-in-chief had not been properly admitted in
evidence because the plaintiff failed to adduce primary evidence of those
documents (ie, the originals). This is required under s 66 of the EA, which
provides that documents must be proved by primary evidence except where
permitted under s 67 of the EA. Primary evidence is defined in s 64 of the EA
as meaning “the document itself [is] produced for the inspection of the
court”. The plaintiff failed to show that any of the exceptions for adducing
secondary evidence (ie, non-original documents) under s 67 of the EA applied.

28 The EA was amended in 2012. One amendment was the addition of s 67A.
Section 67A of the EA provides that where a document is admissible under s
32(1), it may be proved by the “production of a copy of that document, or of
the material part of it, authenticated in a manner approved by the court”. In
other words, where a party satisfies one of the exceptions in s 32(1) of the
EA, it may rely on a “copy” of that document. Section 66 must now therefore be
read subject to s 67A. Notwithstanding the introduction of s 67A of the EA,
the general principles expressed by the court in Jet Holding (CA), in my view,
continue to be applicable. Although the present case does not centre on the
provisions dealt with in Jet Holdings (CA), viz, ss 66 and 67, the principles
articulated above at [26] are relevant to this dispute, which concerns ss
69(1) and 75(1) of the EA.

29 Even where primary evidence of a document is produced, its authenticity may
be in issue. In other words, a party may still insist on the other party
proving that the signature belongs to the person who is alleged to have signed
it, despite that party having produced the original document. This point is
made clear by the learned authors of Sudipto Sarkar & V R Manohar, Sarkar’s
Law of Evidence (Wadhwa & Co, 16th Ed, 2007) (“Sarkar”) at 1248:

… There still remains the most important question, viz, the genuineness of the
documents produced as evidence, ie, Is a document what it purports to be? The
production of a document purporting to have been signed or written by a
certain person is no evidence of its authorship. Hence the necessity of rules
relating to the authentication of documents, ie, proving their genuineness and
execution. Proof, therefore, has to be given of the handwriting, signature and
execution of a document. In Stamper v. Griffin, 1856, 20 Ga 312, 320 (Am)
Benning, J said: -

No writing can be received in evidence as a genuine writing until it has been
proved to be a genuine one, and none as a foregery [sic] until it has been
proved to be a forgery. A writing, of itself, is not evidence of the one thing
or the other. A writing, of itself, is evidence of nothing, and therefore is
not, unless accompanied by proof of some sort, admissible as evidence.

[emphasis added in italics]

30 In this regard, it is also apposite to cite the observations by the High
Court in Jet Holding and others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2005] 4
SLR(R) 417 (“Jet Holding (HC)”) that the mere production of the original
document is not sufficient to prove what it purports to be (at [146]):

The making, execution or existence of a document has, for instance, to be
proven by the evidence of the person who made it or one of the persons who
made it, or a person who was present when it was made. In Deutz Far East (Pte)
Ltd v Pacific Navigation Co Pte Ltd [1989] 2 SLR(R) 392, the original log book
was tendered to court for identification. The court held the log book
inadmissible as the person responsible for the logbook who was the master of
the vessel was not called as a witness to establish that the log book was the
vessel’s log, that the signatures in the log were his and that he kept the log
according to the statutory regulations. This decision demonstrates that a mere
tender of even the original document is not enough. Documents are not
ordinarily taken to prove themselves or accepted as what they purport to be.
There has to be an evidentiary basis for finding that a document is what it
purports to be.

[emphasis added]

31 These observations do not appear to have been disturbed on appeal in Jet
Holdings (CA).

32 Section 69 of the EA provides:

Proof of signature and handwriting of person alleged to have signed or written
document produced

69.–(1) If a document is alleged to be signed or to have been written wholly
or in part by any person, the signature or the handwriting of so much of the
document as is alleged to be in that person’s handwriting must be proved to be
in his handwriting.

33 According to Sarkar, s 67 of the Indian Evidence Act of 1872 (which is in
pari materia with s 69 of the EA) does not establish a new rule on what kind
of proof must be given to prove the authenticity of a signature. Instead, the
provision merely embodies what is the universal rule in all cases: he who
makes an allegation must prove it (Sarkar at 1249). The general principle is
that writing purporting to be of a certain authorship cannot be treated as
genuine. There must be some evidence of its genuineness or its execution (at
1250).

34 There are various ways to prove that a document is authentic and was signed
by the person who is alleged to have signed it. The following may be called as
a witness:

(a) the person who signed the document;

(b) the person who witnessed the document being signed;

(c) a person who is acquainted with the handwriting of the person who signed
the document (see s 49 of the EA); and

(d) a handwriting expert (see s 47 of the EA).

35 In addition, under s 75(1) of the EA, the disputed signature can be
compared by a witness or by the court with a signature already admitted or
proved. Section 75(1) of the EA is similar to s 73 of the Indian Evidence Act
of 1872. While s 75(1) of the EA expressly provides that the comparison can be
done by the court, s 73 of the Indian Evidence Act is silent on who can
undertake the comparison. However, the position under Indian law is clear that
the comparison can be undertaken by the court (Sarkar at 1307). Yet, Sarkar
points out that the comparison should not normally be done by the court:

Though, there has been no legal bar to the Judge using his own eyes to compare
the disputed writings with the admitted writings; as a matter of prudence,
extreme caution, and judicial sobriety, the Court should not normally take
upon itself the responsibility of comparing the disputed signatures with that
of the admitted signatures or handwritings and hesitate to base its findings
with regard to the identity of the handwritings solely on such comparison made
by itself. [emphasis added in italics]

36 Yeoh Wee Liat v Wong Lock Chee and another suit [2013] 4 SLR 508 (“Yeoh Wee
Liat”) 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DBOA, Tab 13.

concerned two suits to rectify the share register of a company called Next
Capital Pte Ltd (“NCPL”). In one suit, HRT Corporation (“HRT”), as plaintiff,
claimed that the defendant, Wong, had agreed for it to hold 33% of the total
shares in NCPL. The defendant alleged that this agreement was merely a non-
binding understanding which was displaced by a subsequent agreement under
which the plaintiff was entitled only to a 24.5% shareholding. To corroborate
the subsequent agreement, the defendant relied on a share transfer form
transferring only 24.5% of NPCL’s shares to the plaintiff. This form was
allegedly witnessed by HRT’s sole director, Phuah. HRT filed a notice of non-
admission in respect of the share transfer form. Citing s 69 of the EA,
Quentin Loh J held that “since HRT has challenged the authenticity of the
share transfer form, Wong had to produce the original and prove that the
signature thereon was in fact Phuah’s” [emphasis added]. Wong, however, failed
to produce the original share transfer form. Neither did he prove that the
signature belonged to Phuah. In the circumstances, the court found that HRT
could not be taken to be aware that it had only been allocated 24.5% of the
shares (Yeoh Wee Liat at [31]).

37 In Raman Subbalakshmi Krishan v Indian Overseas Bank [1994] SGHC 8, the
plaintiff was the bank’s customer, and had purportedly signed two letters of
authority. As the bank relied on these letters in its claim, the bank bore the
burden of proof. Three bank officers testified on its behalf. The bank also
called a senior scientific officer of the Department of Scientific Services.
The officer examined the signatures on various documents, and ultimately
concluded that the plaintiff had signed the letters. In other words, they were
authentic documents. Having regard to the expert evidence, the court found
that the plaintiff had signed the two letters of authority.

38 In Bank of India v Dr Pravinchand P Shah [1994] SGHC 276 (“Bank of India”),
the bank claimed against the defendant under a guarantee. The defendant argued
that the bank had failed to prove the guarantee as required under s 69 of the
EA as it did not lead evidence of his signature. The plaintiff provided
primary proof of the guarantee by producing it at the hearing. The defendant
had admitted in a letter on 1 September 1987 that he was a guarantor to the
bank but belatedly denied the existence of the guarantee on 9 September 1988.
The court observed that s 69 of the EA does not prescribe the mode of proving
the authenticity of a signature, and that the signature may be proved other
than by direct evidence. Having regard to the defendant’s conduct, the court
was satisfied that he had signed the guarantee.

39 In Chua Kim Eng Carol v The Great Eastern Life Assurance [1998] SGHC 403
(“Chua Kim Eng Carol”), the plaintiff claimed for wrongful termination. The
defendant had terminated an agency agreement with the plaintiff on the basis
that signatures on certain policy documents had been forged by the plaintiff.
Despite the defendant calling an expert witness to prove that the signatures
had been forged, and the plaintiff calling her own expert witness to prove
that the signatures were not forged, Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was) found
that the plaintiff had not breached the agency agreement by forging the
policyholders’ signatures. In doing so, the court made the following
observations:

(a) There is no requirement in law that the evidence of a handwriting expert
must be corroborated. However, it would not be safe, even on a balance of
probabilities, to conclude that the documents had been forged, especially
where more direct evidence was available (Chua Kim Eng Carol at [90]).

(b) The court should not compare signatures under s 75(1) of the EA especially
when more direct evidence is available (Chua Kim Eng Carol at [90]).

(c) It was crucial to call the policyholders to testify as to their
signatures, which was a matter so clearly within their knowledge (Chua Kim Eng
Carol at [91]).

(d) The defendant knew its burden at trial. However, the defendant had not
shown that it had approached the policyholders or that they had refused to
testify (Chua Kim Eng Carol at [91]).

(e) If the policyholders turned hostile, they could be impeached. If the
impeachment failed, then the defendant’s allegations would not be borne out by
the evidence (Chua Kim Eng Carol at [91]).

(f) An adverse inference ought to be drawn against the defendant under s
116(g) of the EA (Chua Kim Eng Carol at [91]).

Analysis

40 In this case, the burden rests on CIMB to prove the authenticity of the two
signatures. While it had produced the original Debenture, it failed to call
Yong and Lim as witnesses. In my judgment, CIMB cannot prove the signatures’
authenticity merely by producing the original Debenture. It must also adduce
sufficient evidence to prove that the relevant signatures contained in the
Debenture belong to Yong and Lim. As noted by the Court of Appeal in Jet
Holdings (CA) at [48], WFS has the right to insist on compliance with the EA
provisions. This includes s 69 of the EA.

41 I also did not find it appropriate to exercise my discretion under s 75 of
the EA to compare Yong and Lim’s signatures on the Debenture with their
signatures on other documents. I am of the view that such comparison,
ordinarily, requires expert evidence. Generally, the court is not equipped to
compare signatures to ascertain their authenticity. In addition, the exercise
of comparing signatures is not a matter for lay witnesses to perform, save
where they are especially acquainted with the signatures in dispute. On this
point, counsel for CIMB had asked Mr Tan during cross-examination to compare
Yong and Lim’s signatures on the original Debenture with their signatures on
other documents. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE, 1/11/2019, p 32.

However, Mr Tan is plainly not an expert on signatures. Nor is there any
evidence that he was someone especially acquainted with Yong and Lim’s
signatures. It was therefore inappropriate to allow counsel to embark on this
line of questioning. I did not allow counsel to pursue this line of
questioning.

42 Chua Kim Eng Carol makes apparent that even expert evidence may be
insufficient where more direct evidence is available (at [90]–[91]). In my
judgment, the present case similarly called for such direct evidence. In this
case, Yong and Lim’s evidence would constitute direct evidence. The question
of their signatures’ authenticity was something so clearly within their
knowledge. In this regard, CIMB’s explanation for failing to do so is wholly
unsatisfactory. While Yong and Lim may be subject of investigations for
wrongdoing against CIMB, this does not, by itself, mean that their evidence in
court would have been unreliable. For CIMB’s purposes, Yong and Lim would have
been required to testify on a single issue: did they sign the Debenture? This
issue did not give them much room to be untruthful. Either they had signed it
or they had not.

43 In the circumstances, CIMB took a calculated but ultimately ill-advised
risk not to call Yong and Lim. I also take heed of the fact that CIMB had in
HC/RA 306/2019, on 22 October 2019, asserted privilege in relation to
communications with Yong in the period around August 2017 to February 2018. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Minute Sheet for RA 306/2019.

While I did not accept its assertion of privilege, this claim shows that CIMB
was communicating with Yong from August 2017 to February 2018. Despite there
being some recent history of communication between CIMB and Yong, CIMB failed
to show that it had even approached Yong to testify as a witness. In addition,
I found the tardy manner in which CIMB had produced the Debenture for WFS’
inspection – one day before trial – troubling. Hence, in the absence of Yong
and Lim’s testimony, CIMB has failed to prove the authenticity of the
Debenture.

44 I note that there is some suggestion that the Debenture produced at trial
was only a draft. For example, cl 4(s)(III) of the Debenture provided as
follows: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Debenture dated 15 July 2016.

[W]ithout prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, [Panoil] shall:

[forthwith upon entry into a Purchase Agreement, Sale Agreement or upon
Issuance of a Letter of Credit or Letter of Indemnity or upon entry into a
Wash-Out Agreement, as the case may be]*

[at the Bank’s [ie, CIMB’s] request]*

* delete as applicable 

Give notice to the assignment created by this Deed to the seller under each
Purchase Agreement, to the issuer of each Letter of Credit and Letter of
Indemnity …

[emphasis added in italics]

45 Conspicuously, neither the phrase “forthwith upon entry into a Purchase
Agreement…” or “at the Bank’s request” has been deleted in accordance with the
terms of the Debenture. The last page of the Debenture states that “IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, [Panoil] has caused its Common Seal to be hereunto affixed”, with
Yong and Lim’s purported signatures appearing alongside an affixed seal. There
is a paragraph below these signatures which provides:

I, , an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of the Republic of
Singapore hereby certify that on the day of the Common Seal of was duly
affixed …

46 Notably, a lawyer’s name does not appear in this paragraph. Key details,
such as the date that the “Common Seal” had been affixed that ought to have
been filled, also appear blank.

47 I now deal with CIMB’s submission that the Debenture is admissible under s
32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA, which provides as follows:

32.–(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), statements of relevant facts made
by a person (whether orally, in a document or otherwise), are themselves
relevant facts in the following cases:

...

or is made in the course of trade, business, profession or other occupation;

(b) when the statement was made by a person in the ordinary course of trade,
business, profession or other occupation and in particular when it consists of
–

…

(iv) a document constituting, or forming part of, the records (whether past or
present) of a trade, business, profession or other occupation that are
recorded, owned or kept by any person, body or organisation carrying out the
trade, business, profession or other occupation

and includes a statement made in a document that is, or forms part of, a
record compiled by a person acting in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation based on information supplied by
other persons.

48 In my judgment, CIMB’s reliance on s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA is
misconceived. Although Jet Holding (HC) and Jet Holding (CA) were decided
before the 2012 amendments to the hearsay provisions, ie, s 32 of the EA, it
is relevant to cite the High Court’s observations (Jet Holding (HC) at [150])
on the distinction between the concepts of authenticity and admissibility:

Section 32(b) [ie, a predecessor provision to s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA] does
not assist JSL and JHL. First, there is a distinction in concepts between
authenticity of documents, relevance and the procedure for proving contents of
documents and admissibility under the exception to the hearsay rule. Second,
evidence of authenticity is lacking. Authentication of documents is to be
distinguished from and has to be resolved before relevance and admissibility
under the exception to the hearsay rule. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

49 The distinction between the concepts of authenticity and admissibility is
also referred to in Jet Holding (CA) (at [25]):

25 It is apposite to note, at this juncture, that even if the plaintiffs
succeeded in the present appeal on the issue relating to the authenticity of
the Documents, they had to surmount one further legal hurdle. Indeed, this
particular hurdle has already been mentioned above but bears repeating. The
plaintiffs had also to prove, to the satisfaction of the present court, that
the contents of the Documents were true. In particular, they had to surmount
the objection stemming from the rule against hearsay. [emphasis added in
italics]

50 More recently, it was observed in Super Group Ltd v Mysore Nagaraja Kartik
[2018] SGHC 192 (“Super Group Ltd”) that authenticity is a precondition to
admissibility. In Super Group Ltd, Vinodh Coomaraswamy J dealt with the issue
of whether certain emails, which the plaintiff relied on, were authentic. The
plaintiff sought to prove this by relying on both direct evidence of fact and
expert evidence (at [57]). In dealing with this issue, the court distinguished
between the concepts of authenticity and admissibility (at [53]):

Authenticity is a necessary condition of admissibility. It is true that formal
proof of authenticity is commonly dispensed with in civil cases. But that
should not be allowed to obscure the fundamental evidential point that, until
authenticity is established, admissibility has no meaning. Evidence which has
been fabricated is no evidence at all: it is incapable of proving anything
other than, perhaps, the very fact that it has been fabricated. [emphasis
added in italics]

51 In other words, a party must prove that a document is authentic before its
admission can be considered.

52 The Court of Appeal endorsed the following definition of hearsay evidence
(see Soon Peck Wah v Woon Che Chye [1997] 3 SLR(R) 430 and Orion-One
Development Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 3556 (suing on behalf of itself and all subsidiary proprietors of
Northstar @ AMK) and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 793 at [9]):

[T]he assertions of persons made out of court whether orally or in documentary
form or in the form of conduct tendered to prove the facts which they refer to
(ie facts in issue and relevant facts) …

53 Hence, a party seeking to admit documentary hearsay typically seeks to
prove the truth of the contents referred to in the document that it seeks to
admit. In this case, however, the fact-in-issue centres on the authenticity of
the Debenture, viz, whether the signatures on the Debenture did, in fact,
belong to Yong and Lim. The dispute does not concern the truth of the contents
of the Debenture. As I have mentioned above at [34], there are various ways
that CIMB could have proven the authenticity of the Debenture. Even if CIMB
decided to risk not calling Yong or Lim, whose evidence, as I pointed out
above at [42] would have constituted “direct evidence” on the authenticity of
the signatures, CIMB could have, at the very least, called an expert to
testify on this point. An expert’s evidence, if unrebutted by any contrary
testimony, could have provided a basis for accepting the original Debenture as
authentic. CIMB did not see it fit to call an expert.

54 If CIMB had successfully proven the authenticity of the Debenture, it would
have been necessary for me to consider the secondary issue of admissibility
under the s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA. Having failed to prove the Debenture’s
authenticity, the question of admissibility under the s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA
simply does not arise. CIMB cannot circumvent the need to prove the
authenticity of the Debenture by seeking to rely on s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA
to admit a document when its authenticity has not been admitted and has not
been proven.

55 As all of CIMB’s claims rest entirely on the Debenture being authentic, I
dismiss all its claims.

56 Nonetheless, for completeness, I proceed to consider the remaining merits
of CIMB’s claims.

What were the rights assigned to CIMB under the Debenture?

57 WFS claims that Panoil’s rights under the Sales Documents were not assigned
to CIMB under the Debenture. In this regard, WFS contends that Ms Khoo had
accepted that CIMB was relying only on cll 3.1(c) and 3.1(d) of the Debenture.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DWS, para 134.

It submits that, on a true construction of these clauses, the Debenture does
not assign Panoil’s rights under the Sales Documents. First, cl 3.1(c)
provides for the assignment of “all Receivables … relating to or arising from
any and all Goods and Relevant Agreements…” [emphasis added]. “Goods” and
“Relevant Agreements” are, however, restricted under cl 1 of the Debenture to
matters which did not cover the subject matter of the Sales Transactions.
Second, cl 3.1(d) assigns all “Contract Rights”, which WFS also argues did not
cover the subject matter of the Subject Transactions.

58 I find that Ms Khoo did not accept that CIMB was relying only on cll 3.1(c)
and 3.1(d) of the Debenture as the basis of the assignment of Panoil’s rights
under the Sales Documents. While Ms Khoo may have made such a concession
during cross-examination, she made it clear during re-examination that CIMB
was also relying on cl 3.1(e) of the Debenture. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE, 30/10/2019, pp 102–103.

Similarly, CIMB adopts this position in its written submissions and argues
that cl 3.1(e) is the operative provision assigning Panoil’s rights under the
Sales Documents. WFS further raises the objection that CIMB failed to plead cl
3.1(e) in its statement of claim.

59 At para 4 of CIMB’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No.2), CIMB pleaded as
follows: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.2), para 4.

… By the Debenture, [Panoil] inter alia assigned to [CIMB] all its right,
title, benefit and interest under the [Sales Contracts] issued by [Panoil] to
[WFS], and in all moneys payable by [WFS] to [Panoil] under the said Sales
Contracts.

60 In my view, it was not essential for CIMB to have pleaded the specific term
of the Debenture so long as its contractual effect is clear. There is support
for this proposition in the following extract from Prof Jeffrey Pinsler SC,
Principles of Civil Procedure (Academy Publishing, 2013) at para 15.020:

The rule is that “the effect of any document or the purport of any
conversation referred to in the pleading must, if material, be briefly stated,
and the precise words of the document or conversation shall not be stated,
except in so far as those words are themselves material”. Therefore, the
reference to the effect of the document or purport of the conversation should
be brief. The actual words contained in the document or conversation should
not be pleaded unless the words themselves have particular significance …

61 The language used in para 4 of CIMB’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No.2)
makes plain that CIMB is relying on all the clauses under the Debenture which
assigned to it Panoil’s rights, title, benefit and interest under the Sales
Documents. Ultimately, cl 3.1 is the main operative provision assigning
Panoil’s rights to CIMB. Naturally, it follows that CIMB is entitled to rely
on the various sub-clauses therein in its claim against WFS.

62 In any event, I find that WFS did not suffer any prejudice by CIMB’s
failure to expressly plead cl 3.1(e).

63 In Doka Formwork Pte Ltd v Grandbuild Construction Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC 248
(“Doka Formwork”), Andrew Ang SJ cited, at [57], the Court of Appeal’s
observation in V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy
Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR
1522 at [40] that the law permits a departure from the general rule of
pleadings where no irreparable prejudice would be caused to the other party or
where it would be clearly unjust for the court not to do so. In this regard,
the court has a “degree of discretion in allowing parties to rely on points
that were not expressly or specifically pleaded”. Hence, even though the
plaintiff had not pleaded the specific clauses under the contract which it was
relying on, the court found that the defendant was not irreparably prejudiced
by such failure as: (a) the contract itself was pleaded in the Statement of
Claim; (b) the plaintiff’s reliance on the specific contractual clauses became
clear when the affidavits of evidence-in-chief were filed; (c) the plaintiff
expressly referred to the contract clauses in its opening statement; and (d)
the defendant had full opportunity during trial and closing submissions to
question the plaintiff’s reliance on those contractual terms and make relevant
submissions (Doka Formwork at [58]).

64 Similarly, CIMB had, in its Statement of Claim (Amendment No.2), expressly
pleaded that it was relying on the Debenture. And even though Ms Khoo referred
only to cll 3.1(c) and 3.1(d) in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

KMMEVAEIC, para 8.

it was made clear during the trial that CIMB was also relying on cl 3.1(e). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 30/10/2019, p 107–111.

WFS also had the opportunity to make submissions on cl 3.1(e) after Ms Khoo
referred to it during re-examination but failed to do so. I do not see how WFS
suffered any prejudice from CIMB’s failure to expressly plead cl 3.1(e). Nor
did WFS make any submissions on why this was so.

65 Turning to the substantive issue, I find that the language of cl 3.1(e) is
sufficiently wide to include Panoil’s rights under the Sales Documents. Clause
3.1(e) of the Debenture provides as follows: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

2BAEIC, p 446.

… [Panoil] …

(e) assigns and charges to [CIMB] by way of first fixed security all present
and future contract rights, receivables, books and other debts and monetary
claims now or at any time hereafter due or owing to [Panoil], in consideration
of or against which [CIMB] has extended or may hereafter extend banking or
credit facilities or accommodation of any kind, together with the full benefit
of all guarantees and securities therefor and indemnities in respect thereof
and all Collateral Instructions, liens, reservations of title, rights of
tracing and other rights enabling [Panoil] to enforce such contract rights,
receivables, debts or claims …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

66 The language of cl 3.1(e) is contrasted with cll 3.1(c) and 3.1(d). Unlike
cll 3.1(c) and 3.1(d), cl 3.1(e) does not capitalise the terms “contract
rights”, “receivables” and “debts”. While the terms “Receivables”, “Goods” and
“Relevant Agreements” are specifically defined under cl 1 of the Debenture,
the terms “contract rights”, “receivables” and “debts”, which are not
capitalised, are not. By not capitalising these terms, the parties must have
intended to distinguish these terms from their capitalised equivalents under
cll 3.1(c) and 3.1(d). Hence, the “contract rights”, “receivables” and “debts”
under cl 3.1(e) are not restricted to their definitions under cl 1 of the
Debenture. These terms must therefore be given their plain and ordinary
meaning in accordance with the ordinary rules of contractual interpretation.
In my view, it is clear that the language of cl 3.1(e) is sufficiently wide to
include Panoil’s rights under the Sales Documents, these being present or
future “contract rights” that were due and owing to Panoil. Pursuant to the
Debenture, Panoil’s rights under the Sales Documents were therefore assigned
to CIMB.

Which documents governed the Subject Transactions?

Parties’ arguments

67 Both sides dispute the documents which governed the Subject Transactions.

68 CIMB submits that the documents which governed the Subject Transactions
were the 11 Panoil Sales Confirmations. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PWS, para 91.

In brief, CIMB’s case is that each of the 11 Panoil Sales Confirmations is an
independent and separate contract containing details such as the quantity,
price and delivery date. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PWS, para 95.

If the 11 Sales Confirmations governed the Subject Transactions, CIMB contends
that WFS will not be entitled to any rights of set-off, given that the 11
Sales Confirmations incorporate a clause excluding any right of set-off (see
above at [8]).

69 WFS contends that at least one of the Umbrella Contracts and/or the 2014
Offset Agreement governed each of the Subject Transactions. In support of its
case, WFS provides the following reasons:

(a) CIMB is a stranger to the contractual relationship between WFS and Panoil.
Thus, CIMB does not know the parties’ contractual intentions.

(b) According to WFS’ witnesses, the parties’ contractual intentions were for
the Umbrella Contracts and/or the 2014 Offset Agreement to govern the Subject
Transactions. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DWS, para 98.

(c) Panoil never suggested that the Umbrella Contracts did not govern the
Subject Transactions. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DWS, para 103.

(d) It is illogical for WFS and Panoil to negotiate and enter into the
Umbrella Contracts only for them not to apply. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DWS, para 104.

(e) The 2014 Offset Agreement refers to the right to set off “any sums payable
by any entity of Panoil to any entity of [WFS]” against “any amount payable
that any entity of [WFS] has to any entity of Panoil”. This right of set off
applies to all transactions between Panoil and WFS, including the Subject
Transactions. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DWS, para 107.

70 If the Umbrella Contracts and/or the 2014 Offset Agreement governed the
Subject Transactions, WFS submits that it is entitled to rights of set-off. In
this respect, WFS contends that it has already paid for the sums due for the
Subject Transactions as it had issued various “offset notices” to Panoil,
which constituted due payment.

Analysis

71 The relevant contractual principles are:

(a) The law applies an objective approach to questions of contractual
formation (R1 International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521 (“R1
International”) at [51]).

(b) The objective approach involves ascertaining the parties’ objective
intentions gleaned from the parties’ correspondence and conduct in the light
of the relevant background disclosed by the evidence (R1 International at
[51]).

(c) The relevant background includes the industry in which the parties are in,
the character of the document which contains the terms in question and the
course of dealings between the parties (RI International at [51]).

(d) In interpreting a contract, it is the parties’ objectively ascertained
intentions that are relevant, not their subjective intentions (Yap Son On v
Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 at [30]).

72 Next, I set out the undisputed facts relating to the Subject Transactions.
As CIMB was not an original party to these transactions, the account of the
various transactions was provided by WFS’ witness, Mr Loh. In this judgment, I
refer to each of the Subject Transactions as the 1st Sales Transaction, 2nd
Sales Transaction, etc.

73 The parties entered into the 1st Sales Transaction as follows. On 29 June
2017, WFS sent Panoil an order confirmation for the delivery of 1,300 Metric
Tons of marine fuel oil from between 5 to 6 July 2017. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

LLCAEIC, para 39.

That same day, Panoil issued a sales confirmation, SO-1706-0986, which stated,
inter alia, that the sale was “subjected to the standard terms and conditions
of Panoil which is updated from time to time”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

LLCAEIC, para 45.

On 6 July 2017, Panoil sent WFS an email, attaching a copy of Panoil’s bunker
delivery note. This served as confirmation that the fuel oil had been
delivered on 6 July 2017. Panoil also attached a copy of its sales invoice
(PS-B17/07-0016) in the email to WFS. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

LLCAEIC, para 46.

74 Generally, all of the Subject Transactions followed the same chronology
described above. First, WFS would issue Panoil an order confirmation.
Subsequently, Panoil would issue WFS a sales confirmation. Next, upon
delivery, Panoil would send WFS a bunker delivery note, which constituted
evidence of delivery. Panoil would also send WFS a copy of its sales invoice.

75 In each sales confirmation issued by Panoil to WFS, key details of the sale
are provided under the heading “[w]ith reference to our earlier conversation,
we are pleased to confirm the nomination with the following details”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

LCCAEIC, p 318.

These include, among other things, the identities of the buyer and seller,
delivery date, product specifications, quantity, and mode of payment. Further,
in each sales confirmation, under the heading “terms”, it is provided that
“sales [sic] is subjected to the standard terms and conditions of Panoil which
is updated from time to time”.

76 Applying the offer and acceptance analysis, WFS’ purchase confirmation is
the contractual “offer”, and Panoil’s sales confirmation is the contractual
acceptance.

77 An acceptance of an offer is the final and unqualified expression of assent
to the terms of an offer (Avra Commodities Pte Ltd v China Coal Solution
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 287 at [51]). In Pan-United Shipping Pte Ltd v
Cummins Sales and Services Singapore Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 198 at [83], Chan
Seng Onn J observed that in a classic “battle of the forms” scenario, the
“last shot” must be a counter-offer in order to destroy the original offer and
constitute the new terms on which an agreement is formed, citing Butler
Machine Tool Co Ltd v Ex-Cell-O Corporation (England) Ltd [1979] 1 WLR 401
(“Butler Machine”), the leading decision on “battle of the forms”. In Gay
Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332,
the Court of Appeal endorsed the analysis of the majority in Butler Machine
that the court would examine each “shot” which was “fired” by the respective
parties, and only find a concluded agreement when a final and unqualified
acceptance has been made (at [63]). In this regard, it has been observed by
Dyson LJ in Tekdata Interconnections Ltd v Amphenol Ltd [2010] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
357 (“Tekdata”) at [25] that while there is no general rule that applies in
all cases where there is a “battle of the forms”, where A makes an offer on
its conditions and B accepts that offer on its conditions and performance
follows without more, the correct analysis is that there is a contract on B’s
conditions.

78 In this case, it is common ground that the sales confirmation issued by
Panoil was the final document sent before delivery of each parcel of fuel oil
for each of the Subject Transactions. Applying Tekdata, each of the Subject
Transactions is a separate contract separately embodied under the 11 Panoil
Sales Confirmations and the terms contained therein.

79 The terms of the 11 Panoil Sales Confirmations also show that each sales
confirmation represents a separate contract for the sale of fuel oil. As
mentioned above at [75], each document provides the key details of each sale.
These constitute the essential terms of the contract necessary for contractual
formation.

80 In establishing which documents governed the Subject Transactions, I also
took the relevant commercial background into account (R1 International at
[51]). In this respect, I accept Mr Neo’s evidence that it was industry
practice to treat sales confirmations as embodying the contracts between the
parties. Mr Neo also testified that parties in the bunkering industry treat
the suppliers’ sales confirmation as the governing contract for an individual
sale transaction. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Neo’s Expert Report, para 39.

In this case, Panoil was both the supplier and the party issuing the sales
confirmation. The evidence does not suggest that the parties intended to
depart from this usual commercial practice. Moreover, the parties had a
consistent course of dealing in which all of the key terms were contained in
each of the 11 Sales Confirmations. In my view, this indicates that the
parties had intended the 11 Panoil Sales Confirmations to govern the Sales
Transactions.

Did the Umbrella Contracts and/or 2014 Offset Agreement govern the Subject
Transactions?

81 Specifically, WFS claims as follows: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defence (Amendment No.2), para 2.7.

(a) the 1st and 2nd Sales Transactions were governed by the 2017 TA;

(b) the 3rd Sales Transaction was governed by the 2016 COA; and

(c) the 4th to 11th Sales Transactions were governed by the 2017 COA.

82 Despite initially disputing the authenticity of the Umbrella Contracts and
the 2014 Offset Agreement, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

KMMEVAEIC, paras 39 to 41.

CIMB eventually accepted (belatedly) in its closing submissions that the
documents were authentic. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PWS, para 147.

On its part, WFS had called Ms Bolan, who testified by video-link, and Mr Lee
to give evidence on the existence and authenticity of the documents.

83 The circumstances surrounding WFS’ and Panoil’s entry into the Umbrella
Contracts and the 2014 Offset Agreement are not in dispute. However, parties
disagree on whether these contracts were intended by WFS and Panoil to govern
the Subject Transactions.

84 On 20 August 2014, WFS and Panoil entered into the 2014 Offset Agreement,
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

TCBAEIC, para 10.

which provided that “in consideration for entering into contracts for the
supply, service, distribution and/or purchase of fuel products and/or marine
lubricants by [WFS] with [Panoil] … any sums payable by [Panoil] to [WFS] may
be offset against any amount payable that [WFS] has to [Panoil]”.

85 On 30 December 2016, Panoil and WFS entered into the 2016 COA. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

TCBAEIC, para 12.

Similarly, the 2016 COA provided that WFS may “deduct or set off any amounts
owed to [it] by Panoil under [the 2016 COA] against any amounts payable by
[WFS] to [Panoil] under [2016 COA]”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

TCBAEIC, para 12.

86 On 1 January 2017, Panoil and WFS entered into the 2017 TA. The 2017 TA
also included a term providing WFS with the right to deduct or set off amounts
owed to it by Panoil. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

TCBAEIC, para 13.

87 Finally, on 11 July 2017, Panoil and WFS entered into another contract of
affreightment, ie, the 2017 COA. Clause 1 the 2017 COA provides that WFS shall
be entitled to “offset account payables as against its account receivables
vis-à-vis Panoil in accordance with the Credit Security Arrangement, and the
[2014 Offset Agreement]”, and such provisions as contained….” 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

TCBAEIC, para 15.

Analysis

88 I note that none of the key documents behind the Subject Transactions, viz,
the 11 Sales Confirmations, the Purchase Confirmations, and the invoices,
issued in relation to the Subject Transactions, expressly refers to the
Umbrella Contracts or the 2014 Offset Agreement. Presumptively, this suggests
that the Umbrella Contracts or the 2014 Offset Agreement were not intended by
the parties to cover the Subject Transactions. It is only reasonable to expect
some reference to the Umbrella Contracts or the 2014 Offset Agreement in at
least some of the documents relating to the Subject Transactions. There was,
however, none.

89 WFS submits that the “True Job Orders” (ie, the actual documents that
passed from WFS to Panoil) made references to the Umbrella Contracts. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS, para 101.

In this regard, Mr Loh’s affidavit-of-evidence in chief provides as follows:

(a) For PS-17/07-0016, the order confirmation used the letters “TC” indicating
that the order was made under “time charter” and accordingly governed by the
2017 TA. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

LCCAEIC, para 40.

(b) For PS-B17/07-0025, the order confirmation used the letters “TC”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

LCCAEIC, para 50.

The 2017 TA was applicable to this order. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

LCCAEIC, para 51.

(c) For PS-B17/07-0028, the order confirmation used the letters “TC”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

LCCAEIC, para 56.

However, as the Ophelia vessel was not available for use, Panoil used its
Jazeel vessel for delivery of the fuel oil, and therefore the 2016 COA
governed the sale.

(d) For PS-B17/07-0047, PS-B17/07-0083, PS-B17/08-0004, PS-B17/08-0008, and
PS-B17/08-0023, the order confirmations used the letters “COA”, indicating
that the 2017 COA governed the sale. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

LCCAEIC, para 64; LCCAEIC, para 70; LCCAEIC, para 82; LCCAEIC, para 88;
LCCAEIC, para 101.

90 Taking WFS’ case at its highest, it is clear that none of the order
confirmations expressly refers to any of the Umbrella Contracts. In my view,
the abbreviation “COA” is plainly insufficient to show that the 2017 COA
governed a particular transaction, even if I accept that “COA” refers to a
contract of affreightment. WFS also failed to call any witnesses from Panoil
to testify that “COA” refers to the 2017 COA. If the parties had intended for
a specific sales transaction to be governed by the 2017 COA, I would have
expected a reference to the “2017 COA” or something to the effect that “the
transaction is governed by the 2017 COA”. As for the reference to “TC”, Mr Tan
accepted that this was only a reference to a “time charter”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE, 31/10/2019, pp 106–107.

I do not see how the reference to a “time charter” necessarily means that the
Subject Transactions in question were governed by the 2016 COA or the 2017 TA.
In any event, given my finding above at [80] that the documents governing the
Subject Transactions were the 11 Sales Confirmations, any incorporation or
reference to the Umbrella Contracts must be contained in the 11 Sales
Confirmations. References to the Umbrella Contracts in other documents not
covering the Subject Transactions do not show that one of the Umbrella
Contracts governed the specific Subject Transactions, or that its terms have
been incorporated into the 11 Sales Confirmations.

91 I now consider each of WFS’ claims at [81] and examine the relevant clauses
under the Umbrella Contracts.

(1) 1st and 2nd Sales Transactions

92 Clauses 4 and 5 of the 2017 TA provide as follows: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

3BAEIC, p 1020; TCBAEIC, p 104.

4\. From time to time, WFS may elect, at its option, to sell Fuel Oil to
Panoil on a barge delivered basis, at a price per MT of the mid-point of the
daily AAFER00 Platts Bunkerwire Singapore 380CST Bunker Ex-Wharf Quotation on
the 20th day of the month prior to the month of delivery (the “Platts Price”),
to be laden and shipped on board the Vessel. In the event that there is no
published Platts Price on the 20th day of the month, the quoted price on the
next working day will apply. Upon the exercise of the aforegoing option(s)
from time to time, WFS shall on each occasion issue Panoil with a sale
confirmation in WFS’ standard format applicable from time to time (the “Sale
Confirmation”)

5\. On each occasion that WFS sells Fuel Oil to Panoil pursuant to this
Agreement, above, WFS shall simultaneously purchase a like same amount of Fuel
Oil on a barge delivered basis, at a price per MT of Platts Price + Freight
Premium. On each occasion that WFS purchases Fuel Oil in accordance with this
Agreement, WFS shall issue Panoil with a purchase confirmation in WFS’
standard format applicable from time to time (the “Purchase Confirmation”) …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

93 Clause 7 of the 2017 TA further provides that each time WFS exercises its
sale and purchase options under the agreement, it shall provide Panoil with
written notice of its sale and shipment requirements, as well as two other
documents, a sale confirmation and a purchase confirmation, within usual
office working hours. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

TCBAEIC, p 105.

94 Construing the above clauses, it is clear that: (a) WFS must first issue a
sales confirmation when it sells fuel oil to Panoil; and (b) WFS must then
issue a purchase confirmation to Panoil when it simultaneously purchases the
same amount of fuel oil from Panoil. In the present proceedings, it is common
ground that WFS did not produce any such “sales confirmations” as evidence.

(2) 3rd Sales Transaction

95 The material terms of the 2016 COA are as follows: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

TCBAEIC, pp 79–80.

6A1. On each occasion that WFS sends to Panoil a [j]ob [o]rder, it shall
simultaneously sell the like same volume of Bunker Fuel entered on the [j]ob
order to Panoil on [a barge] delivered basis, ……... On each occasion that a
[j]ob [o]rder is submitted such that Bunker Fuel is sold to Panoil, WFS shall
issue Panoil with a sale confirmation in WFS’ standard format applicable from
time to time (the “Sale Confirmation”).

6A2. On each occasion that WFS issues a [j]ob [o]rder and sells Bunker Fuel to
Panoil pursuant to this Agreement WFS shall simultaneously purchase a like
same amount of Bunker Fuel as is sold pursuant to Clause 6A1 above on a barge
delivered basis, at a price per MT of Platts Price + Freight. On each occasion
that WFS purchases Bunker Fuel in accordance with this Agreement, WFS shall
issue Panoil with a purchase confirmation in WFS’ standard format applicable
from time to time (the “Purchase Confirmation”.)

6A3. On each occasion that WFS exercises its sale and purchase options and
obligations pursuant to this Agreement, it shall promptly provide Panoil with
written notice of its sale and shipment requirements and such notification
shall be promptly followed up by the provision by WFS to Panoil of a Sale
Confirmation and a Purchase Confirmation within usual office working hours.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

96 Reading the above clauses, it is apparent that any transaction under the
2016 COA must involve the following documents: (a) a job order; (b) a sale
confirmation; and (c) a purchase confirmation. Both the sale confirmation and
purchase confirmation were required to be issued by WFS to Panoil.

97 Clause 2.1 of the 2016 COA provides that the contract shall apply to the
supply of barges pursuant to documents called job orders. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

TCBAEIC, p 77.

WFS is obliged to issue these job orders to Panoil. WFS, however, failed to
adduce any evidence of a job order that it had issued to Panoil in respect of
any of the Subject Transactions. In particular, Mr Tan accepted that no job
order, sale confirmation, or purchase confirmation had been issued. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE, 31/10/2019, pp 88–90.

(3) 4th to 11th Sales Transactions

98 The material terms of the 2017 COA are as follows: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

TCBAEIC, p 159.

7.6 On each occasion that [WFS] sends to Panoil a [j]ob [o]rder, it shall
simultaneously sell the like same volume of Bunker Fuel entered on the [j]ob
[o]rder to Panoil on a barge delivered basis … On each occasion that a [j]ob
[o]rder is submitted such that Bunker Fuel is sold to Panoil, [WFS] shall
issue Panoil with a sale confirmation, incorporating the GTC which Panoil
accepts to apply to each such sale, in [WFS’] standard format applicable from
to time to time (the “Sale Confirmation”.)

7.7 On each occasion that [WFS] issues a [j]ob [o]rder and sells Bunker Fuel
to Panoil pursuant to this Contract, [WFS] shall simultaneously purchase a
like same amount of Bunker Fuel as is sold pursuant to Clause 7.6, above on a
barge delivered basis, at a price per MT of Platts Price + Freight. On each
occasion that [WFS] purchases Bunker Fuel in accordance with this Contract,
[WFS] shall issue Panoil with a purchase confirmation in [WFS’] standard
format applicable from time to time … (the “Purchase Confirmation”.)

[emphasis added in italics]

99 Similarly, as under the 2016 COA, cll 7.6 and 7.7 of the 2017 COA
contemplate the following two steps:

(a) First, when a job order is submitted (ie, at the time the fuel oil is sold
to Panoil), WFS issues Panoil a sales confirmation;

(b) Second, when WFS simultaneously purchases the same amount of fuel oil from
Panoil, WFS issues Panoil a purchase confirmation in its standard format.

100 A transaction under 2017 COA would also involve the following documents:

(a) a job order;

(b) a sale confirmation; and

(c) a purchase confirmation.

101 WFS did not disclose any of the above documents in the present
proceedings.

102 Clauses 3.1, 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 of the 2017 COA provide as follows:

3.1 This Contract shall apply to the supply of the Barge(s) and the
performance of all barging and other related services by Panoil for [WFS]
pursuant to all [j]ob [o]rders.

4.1 [WFS] shall issue to Panoil a [j]ob [o]rder for each Job Delivery which
[WFS] requires Panoil to perform.

4.2 Panoil shall comply in all respects with each [j]ob [o]rder and shall
execute each [j]ob [o]rder expeditiously and in any case, within the timeline
specified by [WFS] for the [j]ob [o]rder. Time of delivery shall be of the
essence of this Contract and each [j]ob [o]rder.

4.3 Panoil undertakes to [WFS] not to perform any Job Delivery unless and
until a [j]ob [o]rder has been issued to it by [WFS] and [WFS] may refuse
payment in respect of any Job Delivery performed by Panoil which is not
supported by a [j]ob [o]rder.

[emphasis added in italics]

103 These clauses show that the job order is an important document
facilitating any transaction between WFS and Panoil. In this regard, Mr Tan
accepted that Panoil and WFS would need to comply with cll 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3
of the 2017 COA in order for the 2017 COA to apply to the specific transaction
in question. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE, 31/10/2019, p 79.

Findings on the Umbrella Contracts

104 In my judgment, WFS’ claim that one of the Umbrella Contracts governed
each of the Subject Transactions is without merit. This is for the following
reasons.

105 First, the transactions envisioned under the Umbrella Contracts do not
correspond with the Subject Transactions actually carried out by the parties:

(a) Under the 2017 TA, WFS was obliged to provide Panoil with a sale
confirmation and a purchase confirmation. However, there is no evidence that
such documents were ever issued in relation to the 1st and 2nd Sales
Transactions.

(b) Similarly, transactions under the 2016 COA involved job orders, sales
confirmations, and purchase confirmations, which were to be issued by WFS to
Panoil. Again, there is no evidence that these documents were ever issued to
Panoil in respect of the 3rd Sales Transaction.

(c) Likewise, transactions under the 2017 COA involved job orders, sales
confirmations, and purchase confirmations. There is no evidence that these
documents were issued by WFS to Panoil in respect of the 4th to 11th Sales
Transactions.

106 In contrast, in the case of the Subject Transactions, WFS would issue
Panoil an order confirmation. Then, Panoil would issue WFS a sales
confirmation (see above at [74]). In other words, the only documents which WFS
issued to Panoil for the Subject Transactions were order confirmations. Under
the Umbrella Contracts, WFS was to issue sales confirmations and purchase
confirmations. Further, save for the 2017 TA, the remaining Umbrella Contracts
contemplated the issuance of job orders. WFS, however, failed to produce any
of these documents contemplated under the Umbrella Contracts in these
proceedings. The lack of evidence makes clear that no such documents were ever
issued and no transactions were carried out pursuant to the Umbrella
Contracts.

107 Second, there is no objective evidence that any of the transactions
contemplated under the Umbrella Contracts had ever been carried out. The
substance of the Umbrella Contracts was that WFS would sell the same quantity
of fuel oil back to Panoil in a composite “buy-sell” transaction. There is no
evidence that such transactions had ever taken place. Put a different way,
there is no objective evidence that WFS had concurrently sold to Panoil the
same quantity of fuel which it had bought from Panoil under the Subject
Transactions. I do not accept Mr Tan’s assertions on affidavit, unsupported by
objective documentary evidence, that there had been such buy-sell transactions
with Panoil. In particular, I find it unbelievable that it was “generally not
possible to track each Panoil purchase of … fuel oil from WFS to [a]
particular sale from Panoil to WFS”. According to Mr Tan, on a monthly basis,
WFS ensured that the volume of fuel oil sold to and purchased from Panoil
tallied. In this respect, WFS entered into various contracts for the supply of
fuel oil to end-user vessels or vessel owners. WFS performed such contracts by
purchasing fuel oil from its suppliers, including Panoil. Panoil would then
purchase the fuel oil from WFS for delivery to WFS’ customers, ie, the end-
user vessels or vessel owners. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

TCBAEIC, para 19.

Under this arrangement, WFS would be required to monitor its net position with
Panoil under internal documents called “monthly reconciliations”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

TCBAEIC, para 21.

WFS closely monitored these statements such that the volume of fuel oil bought
and sold by WFS to Panoil tallied at the end of the month. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

TCBAEIC, para 22.

To show that there had been such “monthly reconciliations”, WFS produced
records of its “reconciliation statements”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

TCBAEIC; Exhibit TCB-10 and TCB 11.

In my view, these monthly “reconciliation statements” do not prove that there
had been composite “buy-sell” transactions in respect of the Subject
Transactions. At bottom, these “reconciliation statements” are internal
financial documents prepared by WFS. They do not evidence that there had been
“buy-sell” transactions under the Umbrella Contracts. WFS could have called
witnesses from Panoil or, alternatively, produced the relevant documents
contemplated under these contracts, viz, purchase confirmations or sales
confirmations or job orders, which it had issued to Panoil. If such
transactions had been carried out, it is probable that WFS would retain copies
of these documents. As I mentioned above at [105], WFS did not produce these
documents in these proceedings. In the circumstances, I find that there were
no composite “buy-sell” transactions in respect of the Subject Transactions.
It follows that the Subject Transactions are not governed by the Umbrella
Contracts.

108 Third, I find that WFS and Panoil did not act in a manner consistent with
the payment terms required under the Umbrella Contracts. Under the Umbrella
Contracts, each party was required to pay the other within 15 days of the
presentation of the sales invoice (for eg, cl 7.3 of the 2016 COA, cl 10 of
the 2017 TA and cl 8.4 of the 2017 COA). However, it is undisputed that WFS’
purchase confirmations in respect of the Subject Transactions all provided for
payment to be made within 30 days.

109 Fourth, the terms of the Umbrella Contracts themselves show that the
Subject Transactions were not governed by the Umbrella Contracts because they
do not mention the dates, prices, payment mode, or indeed any other details.

110 Finally, even though CIMB was, at the time, a third party to the Subject
Transactions between WFS and Panoil, I find this immaterial to the issue of
which documents governed the 11 Sales Transactions. It is a well-established
principle that contracts are appraised objectively. Applying this objective
analysis, it is plain from the terms of the Umbrella Contracts that the
Subject Transactions were not covered by these same documents.

111 Given the above, I find that the Subject Transactions were not governed by
the Umbrella Contracts.

Did the 2014 Offset Agreement govern the Subject Transactions?

112 WFS submits that the 2014 Offset Agreement includes all transactions
between WFS and Panoil. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DWS, para 107.

This is because the 2014 Offset Agreement refers to the right to set off “any
sums payable by any entity of Panoil to any entity of [WFS]” against “any
amount payable that any entity of [WFS] has to any entity of Panoil”. It is
not necessary for me to make a finding on whether the 2014 Offset Agreement
governed the Subject Transactions, given my finding below that any rights of
set-off arising from it would be superseded in any event by the rights under
the Sales Documents (see below at [125]–[130]).

Is WFS entitled to a right of set-off?

Clause 8.2 of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions

Parties’ arguments

113 CIMB submits that each of the 11 Panoil Sales Confirmations incorporates
cl 8.2 of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions. In this regard, CIMB argues that
“reasonable notice” of the term has been given, and that no set-off clauses
are common in the bunkering industry. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PWS, para 108.

114 WFS disputes that the 11 Panoil Sales Confirmations incorporate cl 8.2 on
several grounds: (a) Panoil’s Terms and Conditions are not proven; 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DWS, p 54.

(b) CIMB did not at any time believe that these terms governed the Subject
Transactions; 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DWS, para 163.

and (c) there is insufficient notice of the incorporation of cl 8.2 of
Panoil’s Terms and Conditions. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DWS, paras 171.

In this regard, it contends that there must be some reference to where the
applicable terms and conditions can be found. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DWS, para 175.

Furthermore, as cl 8.2 provides that the applicable standard terms and
conditions of Panoil may be updated from time to time, the specific version
applicable (at any given time) is unknown. Hence, there is insufficient
notice. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DWS, para 177.

Analysis

115 Clause 8.2 of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions provided as follows:

Payment for each delivery of marine fuel shall be in United States Dollars or
Singapore Dollars as specified in the invoice and such payment shall be made
by the Buyer free and clear of any deduction, set-off, counter claims,
whatsoever on cash in advance or by telegraphic transfer to Seller’s bank
after each delivery is completed as directed by Seller on the date shown on
the invoice.

116 Both parties accept that reasonable notice must be provided in order to
incorporate a set-off clause.

117 The relevant legal principles are uncontroversial.

118 In Wartsila Singapore Pte Ltd v Lau Yew Choong and another suit [2017] 5
SLR 718 (“Wartsila Singapore”), Belinda Ang Saw Ean J explained that one of
the methods of incorporating terms is by reasonable notice (at [122]). In The
Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy
Publishing, 2012), the learned authors explained at para 07.022 that
incorporation by reasonable notice is “by its very nature, heavily dependent
on the particular facts of the case concerned” and that actual notice is not
required for incorporation.

119 In Circle Freight International Ltd (T/A Mogul Air) v Medeast Gulf Experts
Ltd (T/A Gulf Export) [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Law Reports 427 (“Circle Freight”), the
plaintiff successfully incorporated an exclusion clause found in the standard
conditions of the Institute of Freight Forwarders. The clause provided that
“all business is transacted by the company under the current trading
conditions of the Institute of Freight Forwarders a copy of which is available
on request”. The English Court of Appeal held (at 433) that the clause was
validly incorporated:

[I]t is not necessary to the incorporation of trading terms into a contract
that they should be specifically set out provided that they are conditions in
common form or usual terms in the relevant business. It is sufficient if
adequate notice is given identifying and relying upon the conditions and they
are available on request. Other considerations apply if the conditions or any
of them are particularly onerous or unusual.

120 In my judgment, CIMB had provided reasonable notice of cl 8.2 of Panoil’s
Terms and Conditions under the 11 Sales Confirmations.

121 First, I accept Mr Neo’s evidence that clauses such as cl 8.2 of Panoil’s
Terms and Conditions are common or usual terms in the bunkering industry. WFS
does not deny this. Mr Loh himself conceded that the general terms and
conditions, which he had seen, contained such clauses excluding the right of
set-off. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE, 31/10/2019, 63:8–63:20.

After all, even WFS’ own general terms and conditions included a clause
excluding the right of set-off. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 31/10/2019, 63:21–64:15.

Given the common and usual nature of cl 8.2, it stands to reason that the
requirement of “reasonable notice” is more easily satisfied.

122 Second, in determining what constitutes “reasonable notice”, I have regard
to the fact that WFS is a sophisticated commercial party with a history of
business dealings with Panoil.

123 Third, upon examination of the clause that seeks to incorporate cl 8.2, I
find that reasonable notice was provided. Each of the 11 Sales Confirmations
is a brief document, and did not spell out the terms of the contract of sale
at length. Instead, as appears common with the bunkering practice, under the
heading “terms” (as in terms of the contract), it provided that “sales [sic]
is subjected to the standard terms and conditions of Panoil which is updated
from time to time” [emphasis added]. Evidently, this case should be
distinguished from cases where the incorporating clause is printed in small
and illegible print. The incorporating clause in each of the 11 Sales
Confirmations is prominent and easily seen. Another point to note is that,
other than the clause stipulating that the sale is subject to Panoil’s Terms
and Conditions, there are only a few contractual terms listed under the
heading “[a]dditional terms”. To any reasonable commercial party, it is
obvious that all of the main contractual terms will be found in Panoil’s Terms
and Conditions, given the bare bones nature of each sales confirmation.

124 Finally, it is clear that WFS had actual notice of Panoil’s Terms and
Conditions as the evidence shows that WFS possessed a copy of the same. In his
affidavit of evidence in chief, Mr Loh conceded that WFS had a copy of one
version of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions that WFS disclosed in its List of
Documents. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

LCCAEIC, para 122.

I also note that WFS does not deny that it had received this version of
Panoil’s Terms and Conditions from Panoil, but simply claims that it does not
accept this version of the terms as being in force at the material time. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

LCCAEIC, para 122.

While it is clear that there were different versions of Panoil’s Terms and
Conditions (the copy which CIMB possessed differed from WFS’ copy), both
versions presented to the court contained cl 8.2. It is also not WFS’ case
that the version of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions at the material time did not
contain cl 8.2. Given WFS’ possession of the version of Panoil’s Terms and
Conditions, I find that WFS likely obtained a copy of the document from
Panoil. Even if WFS did not have actual notice of Panoil’s Terms and
Conditions, it is, in any event, apparent that it had reasonable notice of
those terms. Furthermore, even though the incorporating clause does not
provide that Panoil’s Terms and Conditions were available on request, I do not
think it was necessary for parties to include such a term given their
commercial sophistication and history of business with each other.

Cl 8.2 supersedes any set-off right arising under each of the Umbrella
Contracts and the 2014 Offset Agreement

125 I have found that the Subject Transactions were governed by the 11 Sales
Confirmations at [80]. The 11 Sales Confirmations incorporate cl 8.2, which
does not allow any right of set-off. This extends to any rights of set-off
which may arise under the Umbrella Contracts and/or the 2014 Offset Agreement.

126 Hence, even if at least one of the Umbrella Contracts or 2014 Offset
Agreement covered each of the transactions between WFS and Panoil, the no set-
off right under cl 8.2 supersedes any rights of set-off under these contracts.

127 In Sintalow Hardware Pte Ltd v OSK Engineering Pte Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 372
(“Sintalow”), the parties signed a letter containing general terms and
conditions for the purchase of sanitary ware (“the Master Contract”). The
respondent later accepted three separate product quotations for the sanitary
ware (“the Products Agreements”). The Court of Appeal held that the Master
Contract merely prescribed general terms and conditions for the supply of the
sanitary ware, but did not require the respondent to buy or the appellant to
sell them. Instead, the sale and purchase of the products were governed by the
separate Products Agreements.

128 The court explained the applicable approach where there is inconsistency
between terms in different contractual documents:

(a) A well-drafted contract normally provides a hierarchy of precedence to
deal with inconsistencies between contractual terms or clauses, or general
terms and specific terms (Sintalow at [53]).

(b) However, if the contract does not expressly provide an order of precedence
between the different documents or specify that a certain class of documents
should prevail over others, “the more specific document ought to prevail over
a standard form document” [emphasis in original] (Sintalow at [53]).

(c) Where there is no order of precedence clause stipulating the hierarchy
between contractual documents, the terms of the sales contract, which
contained the specifically agreed clause, take precedence over a clause
incorporated by reference to the general terms and conditions (see Indian Oil
Corporation v Vanol Inc [1991] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 634) (Sintalow at [54]).

(d) The court should try to reconcile the terms to preserve the general terms.
Only where there is a clear and irreconcilable discrepancy is it necessary to
resort to the contractual order of precedence to resolve the inconsistency.
Even where there is no order of precedence clause, the principle is that the
general terms and conditions are superseded or varied by inconsistent specific
terms and conditions to the extent of their inconsistency (Sintalow at
[55]–[57]).

129 In this case, there is a clear inconsistency between the terms in the
Umbrella Contracts and the 2014 Offset Agreement, and the 11 Sales
Confirmations. The former contracts provide for rights of set-off, while the
latter contracts expressly exclude any rights of set-off.

130 Similar to the Products Agreements in Sintalow, the 11 Sales Confirmations
were the specific contractual documents which governed each of the Subject
Transactions. The 11 Sales Confirmations set out specific terms such as the
price, mode of payment, date of delivery, etc, which are not contained in the
Umbrella Contracts and the 2014 Offset Agreement. Likewise, the Umbrella
Contracts and the 2014 Offset Agreement, assuming that they governed the
Subject Transactions, are akin to the Master Contract in Sintalow, these being
documents lacking any of the specific details of each sales transaction. As
there is a clear and irreconcilable inconsistency between the terms in these
two sets of agreements, it is necessary to apply the principle that the terms
in the more specific contract should prevail over the terms in the less
specific contract. Hence, cl 8.2, which had been incorporated under the 11
Sales Confirmations, supersedes any rights of set-off under the Umbrella
Contracts and the 2014 Offset Agreement (even if they were applicable to the
Subject Transactions).

Relevance of the offset notices

131 Given that WFS has no rights of set-off pursuant to the Umbrella Contracts
and/or 2014 Offset Agreement, any offset notices issued by WFS have no legal
effect.

132 At trial, the evidence showed that WFS only began issuing these offset
notices after it became clear that Panoil was in financial trouble. There was
no indication that WFS had been issuing such offset notices at or around the
time of the Subject Transactions.

133 On or around 25 May 2017, Panoil stopped paying WFS’ debts in cash. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

LLCAEIC, para 16.

WFS became concerned. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

LLCAEIC, para 16.

At this stage, WFS issued its very first offset notice to Panoil. WFS
proceeded to issue a further 10 offset notices to Panoil. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

TCBAEIC, para 29.

In this regard, Mr Loh expressly acknowledged that WFS did not use to offset
payments to Panoil. Instead, each party would pay the other in full. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 1/11/2019, 26:21–27:12.

Likewise, Mr Tan confirmed that WFS never used set-offs until June 2017. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE, 31/10/2019, 117:7–117:20.

Mr Loh and Mr Tan’s evidence shows that Panoil and WFS never acted in
accordance with the Umbrella Contracts or the 2014 Offset Agreement. The
failure to issue offset notices at the time of the Subject Transaction also
supports my finding at [111] that the Umbrella Contracts were never intended
to govern the Subject Transactions.

Is an equitable right of set-off available to WFS?

134 WFS claims that it is entitled to equitable set-off. In support, it
submits that there is a close relationship or connection between certain
dealings between WFS and Panoil and the Subject Transactions. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DWS, para 226.

WFS points to its longstanding buy-sell relationship with Panoil since 2014,
and its issuance of a large volume of invoices to Panoil.

135 I have already found at [107] that there is insufficient evidence of
contemporaneous buy-sell transactions between Panoil and WFS in connection
with the Subject Transactions. These are the same transactions which WFS
relies on in support of its claim for equitable set-off. Accordingly, there is
insufficient evidence of any closely connected dealings between Panoil and
WFS.

136 Nonetheless, I proceed to consider whether WFS can exercise equitable
rights of set-off, assuming that these transactions exist.

137 The relevant law is clear. The right of equitable set-off applies where
there is a close relationship or connection between the dealings and the
transactions which give rise to the respective claims, such that it would
offend one’s sense of fairness or justice to allow one claim to be enforced
without regard to the other (BP Singapore Pte Ltd v Jurong Aromatics Corp Pte
Ltd (receivers and managers appointed) and others and another matter [2020] 1
SLR 627 at [49], citing Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in Abdul Salam
Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew Exporters) v Nomanbhoy & Sons
Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 at [26]). In Pacific Rim Investments Pte Ltd v Lam
Seng Tiong [1995] 2 SLR(R) 643 (“Pacific Rim”), the Court of Appeal held at
[35] that the exercise of an equitable set-off is permitted only if equitable
considerations support such an exercise and cited Lord Denning MR in the
English Court of Appeal decision in Federal Commerce & Navigation Co Ltd v
Molena Alpha Inc [1978] QB 927 (“The Nanfri”) at 974–975:

[I]t is not every cross-claim which can be deducted. It is only cross-claims
that arise out of the same transaction or are closely connected with it. And
it is only cross-claims which go directly to impeach the plaintiff’s demands,
that is, so closely connected with his demands that it would be manifestly
unjust to allow him to enforce payment without taking into account the cross-
claim.

138 The right to equitable set-off may be expressly excluded by contract
(Pacific Rim at [36]).

139 Recently, the Court of Appeal in Koh Lin Yee v Terrestrial Pte Ltd and
another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 497 (“Koh Lin Yee”) held that parties can agree to
contract out of an equitable right of set-off. In Koh Lin Yee, the relevant
clause was as follows (at [6]):

All payments to be made by [Allgo or Koh] under the [Loan Agreement] shall be
made without set-off, counterclaim or condition…

[emphasis in original removed]

140 Interpreting the above clause, the court held that the right of equitable
set-off was excluded (at [15]–[17]):

15\. … In accordance with the principle of the freedom of contract, it must be
understood that parties can agree to contract out of the right of set-off and,
if they intend to do so, clear words must be used. The defence of an equitable
set-off can thus, equally, be contractually excluded. …

16\. As explained in [Rory Derham, Derham on the Law of Set-Off (Oxford
University Press, 2010)] (at para 5.95), the general common law principle is
one based on commercial logic and common sense as well as on giving effect to
the agreement that the parties have signed; in the words of the learned
author:

It may be important for cash flow reasons that a party should receive payment
in full under a contract so that, if the other party has a cross-claim which
otherwise would give rise to an equitable set-off or a common law defence of
abatement, that other party should not be entitled to rely upon it as a
justification for tendering a reduced amount, but should be required to seek
his or her remedy in separate proceedings. …

17\. Looking at the words of cl 12.2, we did not see how they could be
interpreted to refer only to legal set-offs and not equitable ones. In our
view, cl 12.2 excluded all forms of set-off, with no distinction between the
two. Mr Asokan argued that for an equitable set-off to be expressly excluded
by the contract, the clause concerned had to state “without equitable set
off”. If this particular argument were correct, by parity of reasoning it
would mean that for a legal set-off to be excluded, the clause would have to
state “without legal set off” – an argument which we note Mr Asokan had not
attempted to make. On the contrary, Mr Asokan’s argument was, instead, based
on the assumption that the words “without set-off” in cl 12.2 meant “without
legal set-off”. In our view, this was a pedantic as well as artificial
argument that was wholly without merit, not least because it completely
ignored the crystal clear language (“without set-off”) utilised by the parties
which evinced their equally crystal clear intention, as seen in the entire
context of the agreement itself, to exclude all manner of set-offs, both legal
and equitable. Indeed, Mr Asokan was adding to the words “without set-off” in
cl 12.2 the word “legal” when the words “without set-off” were perfectly clear
in stating what the parties had intended.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

141 For convenience, I reproduce cl 8.2 of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions:

Payment for each delivery of marine fuel shall be in United States Dollars or
Singapore Dollars as specified in the invoice and such payment shall be made
by the Buyer free and clear of any deduction, set-off, counter claims,
whatsoever on cash in advance or by telegraphic transfer to Seller’s bank
after each delivery is completed as directed by Seller on the date shown on
the invoice.

142 Like the relevant clause in Koh Lin Yee, cl 8.2 expressly provides that
payment for each delivery of marine fuel shall be made “free of any deduction,
set-off, or counterclaim”. The language in cl 8.2 is sufficiently clear to
show the parties’ intention to exclude both legal and equitable rights of set-
off. Hence, WFS is precluded from relying on an equitable right of set-off.

Is CIMB required to prove loss?

143 WFS submits that CIMB’s action must fail because CIMB has not shown that
it has suffered loss. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DWS, para 230.

In this respect, WFS contends as follows:

(a) CIMB has filed a proof of debt in the liquidation proceedings involving
Panoil totalling US$4,234,596.00. CIMB, however, claims against Italmatic (the
identity of which is not relevant) and WFS for a total of US$7,524,864.69
(excluding interest), which exceeds the amount filed in the proof of debt
against Panoil. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DWS, para 234.

(b) CIMB fails to explain why it claims for its “losses” in the present
proceedings whilst not claiming, under the proof of debt, that the 11 Panoil
Invoices are unpaid. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DWS, para 235.

(c) There is no direct evidence that CIMB has suffered any loss. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DWS, para 238.

144 CIMB denies that proof of loss is relevant to the present proceedings. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PWS, p 32.

145 In my judgment, WFS’ submission cannot succeed. There is no need for CIMB
to establish that it has suffered “loss”, so long as it is entitled to
exercise the assigned rights under the Debenture without any corresponding
right of set-off by WFS. As I have found above at [113]–[142], WFS has no
rights of set-off under the Umbrella Contracts and, in any case, any rights of
set-off under the Umbrella Contracts (or the 2014 Offset Agreement) are
superseded by cl 8.2 of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions, which is incorporated
in each of the 11 Panoil Sales Confirmations. In any event, cl 10.4(d) of the
Debenture expressly provides that CIMB may recover in excess of what Panoil
has borrowed from it, except that such surplus “shall be paid to [Panoil] or
any other person entitled thereto”.

Conclusion

146 As CIMB did not prove the authenticity of the Debenture, I dismissed its
claims.

147 I will hear parties on costs.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judicial Commissioner

Chan Kia Pheng, Samuel Lee Jia Wei and Tan Jia Hui (LVM Law Chambers LLC) for
the plaintiff;  
Nair Suresh Sukumaran, Bryan Tan Tse Hsien and Bhatt Chantik Jayesh (PK Wong &
Nair LLC) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

