Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 69

District Court Appeal No 20 of 2019

Between

Munshi Rasal

… Appellant

And

Enlighten Furniture Decoration Co Pte Ltd

… Respondent

judgment

[Tort] – [Negligence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Munshi Rasal

  
v

  

Enlighten Furniture Decoration Co Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 69

High Court — District Court Appeal No 20 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
30 March 2020

6 April 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant is a 28-year-old worker from Bangladesh. He worked in the
respondent company as a manual worker whose job was to feed pieces of plywood
through a laminating machine. The plywood would be placed on a conveyor belt
roller and automatically moved along through a pair of connecting rollers.

2 As the plywood passes through the connecting rollers, laminate would be
glued on the plywood. Occasionally, some glue would be stuck on the connecting
rollers. According to the respondent, there is a standard procedure to remove
this glue. First, the entire machine will have to be stopped. Sandpaper would
be placed on the connecting roller and the machine will then be restarted.
There will be some dust from the grinding of the glue. An airgun will then be
used to blow away the dust. Finally, the machine is stopped again to have the
sandpaper removed. After that, it will be restarted and production continues.

3 There would usually be two workers tending to the machine. The appellant was
one of them. On 28 June 2015, he was instructed to clean the glue off the
connecting rollers. His co-worker, Ali Mohammad Shah, went to collect the
airgun, and it is during this time that the accident happened, in which the
appellant’s fingers were crushed by the connecting rollers of the machine.

4 The Workmen’s Compensation Board assessed the workmen’s compensation for the
appellant at $43,464.88, based on his salary of about $902 a month. The
appellant was not satisfied with the award and sued the respondent. His claim
was dismissed by the trial judge below and the appellant appealed against that
decision before me.

5 The appellant’s case was based on the negligence of the respondent employer
in not providing adequate supervision, training, and a safe system of work.
But his evidence regarding all the aspects relating to work safety protocol
and training fell apart when the trial judge found his evidence relating to
matters of fact to be unreliable. The record and evidence support the trial
judge’s findings.

6 The trial judge disbelieved the appellant’s testimony and pointed out
aspects that tended to render his evidence unreliable. Contrary to his claims,
the appellant was found to be one of the more experienced workers in relation
to the machine’s operation and maintenance. He also taught new workers how to
operate the machine. It appears that the appellant’s claim that he does not
know how to stop the machine is untrue because, as Mr Ramesh Appoo, counsel
for the respondent, pointed out, if the appellant had not pulled the emergency
cord to stop the machine, the connecting rollers would have drawn in and
crushed his entire hand, not just his fingers.

7 The trial judge below also evaluated the evidence of Ali Mohammad and
accepted that the machine had been switched off when he walked off to get the
airgun. It is thus an obvious inference that the machine must have been
switched on again by the appellant.

8 In my view, it is clear from the evidence that while Ali Mohammad was away,
the appellant had indeed switched on the machine himself, and then tried to
remove some dirt from the connecting rollers without stopping the machine. His
fingers were caught between the connecting rollers and he immediately pulled
the emergency cord to stop the machine before the rest of his hand was pulled
through the connecting rollers.

9 I do not find the appellant’s case that the respondent did not provide
adequate supervision to be of any merit. No more than two workers were
required to be on duty at the machine. There was no necessity to have a
supervisor stand watch over the two men placing plywood on the conveyor belt
roller. It would be an unreasonable demand given the nature of the safety risk
present in this case.

10 The machine’s connecting rollers may be dangerous only if it is running and
a worker places his hand between them. But unlike some other machines, there
was no need for any worker to put his hands anywhere near the connecting
rollers when it is running. When anything needs to be done to tend to the
connecting rollers, the machine has to be switched off; and in that state, the
machine and its connecting rollers pose no danger.

11 Furthermore, to have any protective fencing around the connecting rollers
in this machine makes no sense because when the connecting rollers are moving,
no one needs to be near them. When they are to be tended to, the machine has
to be switched off, and any protective fencing has to be removed. The
appellant has made no reasonable suggestion as to what was required to make
the operation of the machine safe such that his accident would not have
occurred. I am in full agreement with the court below that the accident arose
solely through the appellant’s own recklessness.

12 The appellant’s counsel, Mr Subbiah Pillai, submitted that it was wrong for
the court below to have relied on volenti non fit injuria when that was not
pleaded. Mr Appoo submitted in reply that it was in fact pleaded. “Volenti non
fit injuria” is a Latin phrase expressing the principle that where a person
has sustained injury in the course of an activity undertaken on his own
volition, he has no one else to blame. In cases where this principle is
invoked, the issues at trial usually concern the question of whether, on the
facts, this principle applies. Although the defence did not use the phrase
“volenti non fit injuria”, the facts that the appellant had caused the
accident by his own act had been pleaded in the respondent’s defence and that
was sufficient.

13 For the reasons above, the appeal is dismissed with costs to be taxed if
not agreed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Pillai Subbiah (Tan & Pillai) for appellant;

Appoo Ramesh (Just Law LLC) for respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

