Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCR 1

HC/S 1229 of 2016  
HC/SUM 5302 of 2019

Between

| Sun Electric Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Respondent

And

(1)| Sunseap Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Sunseap Energy Pte Ltd  
(3)| Sunseap Leasing Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants / Applicants

HC/S 190 of 2018  
HC/SUM 5303 of 2019

Between

| Sun Electric Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Respondent

And

(1)| Sunseap Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Sunseap Energy Pte Ltd  
(3)| Sunseap Leasing Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants / Applicants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Costs – Security]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sun Electric Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Sunseap Group Pte Ltd and others and another suit

[2020] SGHCR 1

High Court — Suit No 1229 of 2016 (Summons No 5302 of 2019) and Suit No 190 of
2018 (Summons No 5303 of 2019)  
Justin Yeo AR  
11 December 2019

22 January 2020 Judgment reserved.

Justin Yeo AR:

1 This judgment concerns two applications for security for costs under s 388
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). These applications are the latest
in a long line of interlocutory applications and appeals taken out in two
related patent suits, ie Suit No 1229 of 2016 (“Suit 1229”) and Suit No 190 of
2018 (“Suit 190”) (collectively, “the Suits”).

Background

2 Sun Electric Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) is the registered proprietor of two
Singapore patents relating to a method of determining power consumption (ie
Singapore Patent Application No 10201405341Y, “the 341 Patent”) and a method
of consolidating power injunction and consumption in a power grid system (ie
Singapore Patent Application No 10201406883U, “the 883 Patent”) (collectively,
“the Patents”).

3 The Plaintiff brought the Suits against Sunseap Group Pte Ltd, Sunseap
Energy Pte Ltd and Sunseap Leasing Pte Ltd (collectively, “the Defendants”),
alleging that the Defendants had infringed several system claims (in the 341
Patent) and process claims (in the 883 Patent). Suit 1229 was filed on 18
November 2016, while Suit 190 was filed on 22 February 2018. It is undisputed
that the Suits will be consolidated in due course. Presently, the Suits are
fixed to be heard at a 12-day trial commencing end-July 2020.

4 The Defendants’ account of the matters leading up to the taking out of the
present applications is outlined below. The Plaintiff has not generally taken
issue with the chronology of these events.

5 In late August 2019, the Defendants discovered that Sun Electric Power Pte
Ltd (“SEPPL”) had applied to be put under judicial management, by way of
Originating Summons No 1060 of 2019 (“OS 1060”). SEPPL is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Sun Electric (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“SESPL”), which is in turn a
99.9%-owned subsidiary of the Plaintiff. In the Defendants’ view, placing
SEPPL into judicial management would have a direct effect on the Plaintiff’s
financial viability. In particular, if SEPPL is wound up, the Sun Electric
Group may no longer be able to retail electricity to end-users. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (dated 9 December 2019), at paragraph 29.

6 In mid-September 2019, the Defendants became aware that an injunction was
being sought against the Plaintiff in a separate suit brought by the Plaintiff
and SEPPL against Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd (“Menrva”), ie Suit No 200 of 2016
(“Suit 200”). Upon inspection of the Suit 200 case file, the Defendants learnt
that Menrva had filed an ex parte application on 27 August 2019, seeking a
worldwide Mareva injunction against the Plaintiff, Dr Matthew Peloso (“Dr
Peloso”, the Plaintiff’s representative, sole director and chief executive
officer) and SEPPL. Menrva subsequently successfully joined a number of the
Plaintiff’s other related entities (ie, SESPL, Sun Electric Energy Assets Pte
Ltd (“SEEA”), a BVI entity known as Sun Electric Digital Stream Ltd (“SEDS”)
and Dr Peloso) in Suit 200. Menrva also obtained an order for disclosure of
those entities’ assets within and outside Singapore. Despite vigorous
resistance, the High Court granted the injunction on 16 September 2019.

7 The Defendants further discovered Dr Peloso’s affidavit filed in OS 1060, in
support of SEPPL being placed under judicial management. The affidavit
revealed that money had been withdrawn from SEPPL’s bank account, in breach of
an interim injunction ordered in a separate suit brought by RCMA Asia Pte Ltd
against SEPPL, ie, Suit No 191 of 2018 (“Suit 191”). Amongst other things,
more than $1.5m was withdrawn from SEPPL’s bank account in August 2018,
purportedly to enable SEPPL to pay the Plaintiff. Subsequently, another $1.5m
was withdrawn for the purposes of extending a loan to SEEAPL which “urgently
required [the money] for the completion of certain rooftop projects with
imminent deadlines”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (dated 20 August 2019) filed in OS 1060, at
paragraph 48(k).

Dr Peloso affirmed on affidavit that in view of the injunction in Suit 191,
the sums should not have been moved from SEPPL’s bank account. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (dated 20 August 2019) filed in OS 1060, at
paragraphs 48(h) and 48(k).

Committal proceedings have since been commenced against Dr Peloso in
Originating Summons No 1137 of 2019 for breaches of the injunction in Suit
191.

8 The Defendants also found out that the Plaintiff’s controlling majority
stake in SEEA would be sold as part of a “proposed investment”. This was of
particular concern to the Defendants because, other than SEPPL, SEEA was the
only entity in the Sun Electric Group licensed to generate and export
electricity to the national grid. Indeed, SEEA was the Sun Electric entity in
all but one of the agreements produced by the Plaintiff in the Suits.

9 On 4 October 2019, the Defendants requested for security for costs from the
Plaintiff. On 11 October 2019, the Plaintiff refused to provide security. The
Defendants therefore filed Summonses No 5302 of 2019 (“SUM 5302”) and 5303 of
2019 (“SUM 5303”) on 24 October 2019.

The applications

10 SUM 5302 and SUM 5303 are the Defendants’ applications for security for
costs in Suit 1229 and Suit 190 respectively. The Defendants have sought
security for costs of $600,000 (in Suit 1229) and $300,000 (in Suit 190), up
to the end of trial, including closing submissions. They have also sought a
stay until the security is provided, and for the Plaintiff’s claims to be
struck out without further order in the event that the Plaintiff fails to
provide security.

11 The applications are brought pursuant to s 388(1) of the Companies Act,
which provides as follows:

Where a corporation is plaintiff in any action or other legal proceeding the
court having jurisdiction in the matter may, if it appears by credible
testimony that there is reason to believe that the corporation will be unable
to pay the costs of the defendant if successful in his defence, require
sufficient security to be given for those costs and stay all proceedings until
the security is given.

12 In determining whether security for costs should be ordered under s 388(1)
of the Companies Act, the court applies a two-stage test (Creative Elegance
(M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng and anor [1999] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“Creative Elegance”)
at [13]). Plaintiff’s counsel Mr Chan Wenqiang (“Mr Chan”) and Defendants’
counsel Mr Nicholas Lauw (“Mr Lauw”) raised a multitude of arguments at each
stage. I set out here the arguments raised and my decision on each of the
stages.

First Stage

13 At the first stage, the court considers whether there is “credible
testimony” that there is “reason to believe” that the plaintiff company will
be unable to pay the defendant’s costs should the defendant be successful in
defending the trial (s 388(1) of the Companies Act; see also Creative Elegance
at [13]). The defendant bears the legal burden of proof (see, eg, StreetSine
Singapore Pte Ltd v Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers and ors
[2019] SGHCR 1 at [14]).

14 In considering whether there is “credible testimony” that there is “reason
to believe” that the plaintiff will be unable to pay the defendant’s costs,
the court will consider a range of factors. These include the plaintiff’s
sources of funds, cash position, financing and credit facilities, assets and
liabilities (Frantonios Marine Services Pte Ltd v Kay Swee Tuan [2008] 4
SLR(R) 224 (“Frantonios”) at [34]; see also Bilia AB v Te Pte Ltd and others
[1999] SGHC 96 at [14]). For the avoidance of doubt, the court will consider
neither non-legally binding offers nor possible sources of financial
assistance from interested third parties or based on goodwill (Frantonios at
[34]). Concessions made by the plaintiff (or its representatives) in relation
to the plaintiff’s financial situation are also relevant (see, eg, Elbow
Holdings Pte Ltd v Marina Bay Sands Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 219, where the court
took into consideration the plaintiff’s managing director’s concession that
the plaintiff was in a dire financial situation).

15 The assessment of a plaintiff’s ability to pay costs is prospective in
nature. The relevant consideration is whether the plaintiff will be able to
pay costs awarded against the plaintiff in the event that the defendant
succeeds in defending the action. If the plaintiff is demonstrably unable to
pay costs as at the time of the application for security, the onus will be on
the plaintiff to show that the position would be different at the future time
when an adverse costs order is made (Uni-continental Holdings Ltd v Eurobond
Adhesives Ltd [1996] FSR 834 (“Uni-continental Holdings”) at 837). The
plaintiff may attempt to show, for instance, that he has the benefit of a
contract that guarantees large forthcoming profits.

16 At the hearing, I expressed my preliminary view that – from the written
submissions, affidavits as well as Mr Lauw’s opening oral arguments – the
Plaintiff appeared to be in a tight financial situation. Despite these
indications and my invitation to be persuaded otherwise, Mr Chan was content
to rely on his written submissions and had no additional matters to raise for
the court’s consideration vis-à-vis the first stage. Having considered the
submissions and evidence proffered by both sides, I find that there is
“credible testimony” that there is “reason to believe” that the Plaintiff will
be unable to pay costs should the Defendant succeed in defending the
Plaintiff’s claims. This is for the following four reasons.

(a) First, the Plaintiff has no real assets. It is undisputed that the
Plaintiff is a shell company and does not do any actual business. The only
assets that the Plaintiff owns are the Patents. Should the Defendants succeed
in their counterclaims to invalidate the Patents, the Plaintiff does not
appear to have any other known assets of value to make good adverse cost
orders.

(b) Second, based on Dr Peloso’s evidence in Suit 200, the Plaintiff appears
to be in poor financial health. As affirmed by Dr Peloso on affidavit in Suit
200, he had stopped drawing a salary from the Sun Electric Group since January
2019, and had in fact been extending personal loans to the Plaintiff to cover
the Plaintiff’s payroll and business expenses. While the Plaintiff claims to
have a lifeline in the form of a proposed investment, Dr Peloso had explained
in Suit 200 that this investment might be scuppered by the grant of a
worldwide Mareva injunction. Dr Peloso further stated that the grant of a
Mareva injunction may have “disastrous consequences on the continued business
of the [Sun Electric Group] (and its survival as a going concern)”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (dated 2 September 2019) filed in Suit 200, at
paragraph 68.

Indeed, he went so far as to describe the Sun Electric Group as being “at a
cliff-edge”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (dated 2 September 2019) filed in Suit 200, at
paragraph 68.

As it transpired, the court granted the Mareva injunction (see [6] above).
There is therefore basis for Mr Lauw’s observation that the Plaintiff may have
“completely fallen off the cliff”.

(c) Third, the fact that Dr Peloso had to resort to breaching an injunction in
Suit 191 to secure funding for entities in the Sun Electric Group is further
cause for concern (see [7] above). While explanations are now being given as
to why the movement of funds was not in fact a breach of the injunction (on
which I need make no determination), it remains significant that Dr Peloso had
moved funds in a manner that – at least in his view at the material time – was
in breach of a court-ordered injunction. This reflects a measure of financial
difficulty on the part of the Sun Electric Group.

(d) Fourth, the Plaintiff has not satisfactorily demonstrated that it has any
existing or forthcoming sources of income. Dr Peloso claimed that the
Plaintiff receives licence fees from SEEA and SEPPL and has sub-licensing
rights to certain patents held by SEDS. He further claimed that the Sun
Electric Group derives revenue from contracts with JTC Corporation (generating
an estimated “yearly revenue of around S$850,000” 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (dated 8 November 2019) filed in SUM 5302 and
5303, at paragraph 19.

) and other entities, that there is a potential investor in the Sun Electric
Group, and that the Plaintiff has completed the milestones required for a
government grant of $520,000. However, there is a dearth of detail on the
alleged licensing agreements and how much income these will generate for the
Plaintiff. In relation to the purported “yearly revenue” of $850,000, on the
Defendants’ evidence, the high capital outlay of the project would “definitely
outstrip the amount of revenue received” for at least the first eight years of
the project. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Mr Phuan Ling Fong (dated 6 December 2019) filed in SUM 5302 and
5303, at paragraph 30.

In this regard, the Plaintiff did not disclose the costs incurred for the Sun
Electric Group’s projects, balance sheets or profit-and-lost statements, and
Mr Chan was unable to provide any substantive explanation as to why these
documents could not be produced. In addition, following the grant of the
Mareva injunction, there is uncertainty concerning the viability of the
potential investment (see [16(b)] above), and further concerns have also been
raised as to whether the capital-intensive projects can in fact be completed
without the investment. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (dated 8 November 2019) filed in SUM 5302 and
5303, at paragraph 23, and Affidavit of Mr Phuan Ling Fong (dated 6 December
2019) filed in SUM 5302 and 5303, at paragraph 32.

In relation to the government grant, there is insufficient information to
conclude whether the grant, if so provided to the Plaintiff, would be
sufficient in the light of the Plaintiff’s financial situation.

17 I therefore find that the condition in the first stage is satisfied.

Second Stage

18 Once the condition in the first stage is satisfied, the court’s discretion
is invoked and the court will decide whether it should exercise its discretion
to order security for costs against the plaintiff (Creative Elegance at [13]).
The court will generally order the furnishing of security unless there are
“special circumstances” to justify why it would be unjust to order security
(see Frantonios at [61]).

19 I focus here on the five arguments raised by Mr Chan against the grant of
security:

(a) first, there is substantial overlap between the claim, defence and
counterclaim (“the Overlap Argument”);

(b) second, there has been a substantial delay by the Defendants in applying
for security (“the Delay Argument”);

(c) third, the applications seek to oppress the Plaintiff and stifle the
Plaintiff’s claims (“the Oppression Argument”);

(d) fourth, there is insufficient evidence to support the quantum of security
claimed (“the Evidential Argument”); and

(e) fifth, the quantum of security claimed is unreasonable and exorbitant
(“the Quantum Argument”).

20 In the ensuing sections, I outline Mr Chan’s arguments followed by my
analysis and decision on the issues raised. In summary, I find no “special
circumstances” which persuade me against ordering security for costs. Indeed,
justice would be served by the ordering of security, albeit at a lower quantum
than that sought by the Defendants.

The Overlap Argument

21 Overlaps between the claim and the counterclaim (“Claim-Counterclaim
Overlap”) or between the defence and the counterclaim (“Defence-Counterclaim
Overlap”) are relevant factors for consideration in determining whether
security for costs should be ordered. Where the overlaps are substantial, they
weigh against the grant of security for costs. The relevant principles are
addressed in a pair of Court of Appeal decisions, namely SIC College of
Business and Technology Pte Ltd v Yeo Poh Siah and others [2016] 2 SLR 118
(“SIC College”) and Jurong Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd [2004] 2 SLR(R) 427
(“Jurong Town Corp”).

22 In SIC College, the Court of Appeal dealt with issues relating to the
Claim-Counterclaim Overlap. The Court of Appeal observed that it is “often
inappropriate to award security for costs where the claim and counterclaim are
co-extensive” (SIC College at [77]). This is because in such circumstances, a
plaintiff who fails to furnish security will be prevented from pursuing the
claim, while the defendant remains free to pursue the counterclaim
notwithstanding that the claim and counterclaim overlap entirely. The
plaintiff would find himself having to defend the counterclaim “in a somewhat
hobbled matter, … with one hand tied behind [its] back”, which is not “a just
or attractive way to oblige a party to conduct [its] litigation” (SIC College
at [82], quoting from B J Crabtree (Insulation) Ltd v GPT Communication
Systems Ltd (1990) 59 BLR 43 at 52-53). Furthermore, an “unfair result” may be
occasioned if the plaintiff has succeeded in defending against the co-
extensive counterclaim but remains unable to secure judgment on the claim (SIC
College at [84], citing Dumrul v Standard Chartered Bank [2010] CLC 661
(“Dumrul”) at [18]).

23 In relation to the Defence-Counterclaim Overlap, the relevant case
authority is Jurong Town Corp. Where the counterclaim is based entirely on the
defence, the costs incurred in defending the action “could be regarded as
costs necessary to prosecute the counterclaim”; in other words, no significant
additional costs would be incurred by the defendant, whether or not the
plaintiff’s claim is stayed (Jurong Town Corp at [19]). The granting of
security in such circumstances would, in fact, “amount to indirectly aiding
[the defendant] to pursue its counterclaim” (Jurong Town Corp at [19]). As
such, the existence and extent of overlaps between the defence and the
counterclaim are relevant considerations in determining whether to order
security.

Parties’ arguments

24 Mr Chan contended that the Suits involve both types of overlaps. In
relation to the Claim-Counterclaim Overlap, he highlighted two specific areas:

(a) First, in Suit 1229, there is a complete overlap between the infringement
claim and the groundless threats counterclaim. The groundless threats
counterclaim would necessitate litigating the validity of the Patents and the
infringement of the asserted claims; these issues would overlap entirely with
the infringement claim. Although there is no groundless threats counterclaim
in Suit 190, the parties have agreed that the Suits will be formally
consolidated. As such, a finding of infringement of the 883 Patent in Suit 190
will also go towards fulfilling certain defences raised in Suit 1229 (citing
Global Flood Defence Systems Ltd & Anor v Johan Van Den Noort Beheer BV & Ors
[2016] EWHC 1851 (Pat) at [36]).

(b) Second, there is substantial overlap in both Suits between the
infringement claims and the counterclaims for declarations of invalidity of
the Patents. The counterclaims for invalidity would necessitate the court’s
determination on the validity of the Patents, which is in turn a necessary
component of the Plaintiff’s infringement claim. Determining the validity of
the Patents will also have a direct impact on whether the asserted claims have
been infringed, given that both the determination of validity and infringement
involve the central issue of patent construction (citing McGhan Medical UK Ltd
v Nagor Ltd [2002] FSR 9 at [10]).

25 In relation to the Defence-Counterclaim Overlap, Mr Chan contended that the
Defendants’ counterclaims for declarations of invalidity overlapped entirely
with the defence of invalidity, while the counterclaim for groundless threats
in Suit 1229 was premised upon the defences of invalidity and non-
infringement. As such, on the authority of Jurong Town Corp, security for
costs should not be granted.

26 Mr Lauw acknowledged that the Suits involved both types of overlaps.
However, he contended that security should nonetheless be ordered, putting
forward three points:

(a) First, the existence of overlaps does not constitute a bar to the ordering
of security (citing Jane Rebecca Ong v Pricewaterhousecoopers and others
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 796 at [7]–[10] and [27]). Much depends on the nature and
extent of the overlaps. In the Suits, the counterclaims for declarations of
invalidity do not overlap entirely with the infringement claim, because even
if the issue of validity is resolved in the Plaintiff’s favour, the Plaintiff
must still prove the infringing acts. As for the groundless threats
counterclaim, this counterclaim is made only in Suit 1229. Therefore, the
overlap arising from the groundless threats counterclaim does not apply in
Suit 190.

(b) Second, in several patent decisions in the UK and Australia, the courts
did not concern themselves with the issue of overlap when deciding whether to
order security for costs (citing Platinum Controls Ltd v Aleris Recycling
(Swansea) Ltd (a decision of the Chancery Division dated 27 June 2012), Thomas
(Arthur Edward) Ltd v Barcrest Ltd and another [1995] RPC 138 (“Barcrest”),
Baygol Pty Ltd v Huntsman Chemical Co Australia Pty Ltd t/a RMAX [2004] FCA
1248 (“Baygol”) and Vitaly Evgenievich Pilkin v Sony Australia Ltd [2018] FCA
1018). This suggests that a different approach ought to apply in patent cases.
A possible reason is that in patent cases, counterclaims for revocation may be
“no more than the procedural consequence” of a successful defence (citing
Baygol at [28], which quoted Farmitalia Carlo Erba SrL v Delta West Pty Ltd
(1994) 28 IPR 336 at [341]). Given that in Singapore a defendant is only
permitted to challenge the validity of asserted claims (citing Sunseap Group v
Sun Electric Pte Ltd [2019] 1 SLR 645 (“Sunseap Group”)), the corresponding
revocation counterclaims ought to be regarded as defensive in nature and a
“procedural consequence” of the defence. In the circumstances, the existence
of overlaps in the Suits should not weigh against the grant of security.

(c) Third, having had sight of the Plaintiff’s submissions, the Defendants are
prepared to discontinue the counterclaims should the Plaintiff’s claims be
struck out due to an inability to furnish security. This will ensure that
there will be no injustice or unfairness arising from purported overlaps in
the claim, the defence and the counterclaim.

Analysis and Decision

27 I find that there are substantial overlaps in the claim, the defence and
the counterclaim, for the reasons highlighted by Mr Chan (see [24]–[25]
above). In particular, the groundless threats counterclaim overlaps entirely
with the infringement claim and the defence against infringement. In relation
to the counterclaims for revocation and declarations of invalidity, while
there is no complete overlap, there is certainly significant overlap with the
claims and defences raised in the Suits.

28 In relation to Mr Lauw’s attempt to distinguish patent and non-patent cases
in the context of the Overlap Argument (see [26(b)] above), I am unable to see
a principled reason for drawing such a distinction. I recognise that in patent
actions, it is common to find claims, defences and counterclaims that overlap
with each other. I also recognise that a counterclaim for revocation is often
a logical corollary of a defence of invalidity. As the Court of Appeal has
observed, “[c]ertainly, where a patent has been found to be invalid, the High
Court should exercise its power to remove it from the register” (Sunseap Group
at [67]). To this end, a counterclaim for revocation can indeed be seen as a
“procedural consequence” of a successful invalidity defence. However, the mere
fact that these overlaps may occur frequently in patent cases does not in
itself suggest that the weight given to such overlaps should differ. This is
particularly so because the concerns engendered by entire or substantial
overlaps (see [22] and [23] above) continue to apply regardless of whether the
case is a patent case. While Mr Lauw has cited two UK decisions and two
Australian decisions where security was ordered notwithstanding the overlaps,
none of those decisions expressly dealt with the concerns raised at [22] and
[23] above. This may have been for a variety of reasons, including the
possibility that arguments on overlap were not raised in court. It is
therefore not possible to conclude solely on the authority of these four cases
that the issue of overlap ceases to be a relevant consideration in patent
cases, or that overlaps should be accorded less weight where patent actions
are concerned.

29 The Defendants’ willingness to discontinue the counterclaims in the event
that the Plaintiff’s claims are struck out for failure to furnish security is,
however, a game changer in the context of the Overlap Argument. This would
entirely circumscribe the concerns raised at [22] and [23] above. In observing
that the existence of an overlap is an important factor weighing against the
ordering of security, the Court of Appeal in SIC College also observed that
the potential prejudice caused to a plaintiff “may be offset by the
possibility that there may be no continuing litigation at all” (SIC College at
[83]). In Dumrul, the UK High Court was prepared to order security if the
defendant would commit to withdrawing its counterclaim in the event that the
plaintiff failed to furnish the requisite security. Likewise, in Siva
Industries and Holdings Ltd v Foreguard Shipping I Singapore Pte Ltd [2017]
SGHCR 5, the court ordered security for costs on the condition that the
defendant provides a written undertaking to discontinue its counterclaim
should the plaintiff’s claim be struck out for failure to provide security.

30 Given Mr Lauw’s confirmation at the hearing that the Defendants are
prepared to provide such a written undertaking, the issue of overlap ceases to
be a factor weighing against the ordering of security for costs. I do,
however, observe that costs may have been saved had the Defendants made this
position clear from the outset. Ideally, such indications should be provided
at the time when the request for security is made. This would narrow the
issues in dispute or possibly obviate the need for an application altogether.

The Delay Argument

31 I next consider the Delay Argument. The delay in applying for security for
costs is a factor to be considered in determining whether the court should
exercise its discretion to order security. The Court of Appeal explained in
SIC College that the weight to be given to any such delay “may depend on the
reasons for the delay, the length of the delay, and, crucially, the prejudice
caused by the delay” (SIC College at [79]). The Court of Appeal further
observed that a good explanation for the delay is required where the defendant
was well aware of the plaintiff’s impecuniosity from an early stage of the
proceedings but applied for security only at a late stage, after the plaintiff
had expended much of its limited resources preparing for a trial (SIC College
at [79]).

32 Underlying this position is the court’s concern that the later an
application for security for costs is made, the greater the likelihood that it
will cause substantial disruption or distraction in the conduct of the
plaintiff’s case and, if the plaintiff is unable to provide security, the
greater the costs that would have been wasted (see, eg, Axent Holdings Pty Ltd
v Compusign Australia Pty Ltd (No 2) [2017] FCA 1102 (“Axent Holdings”) at
[62]). In addition, the later an application for security is made, the more a
plaintiff would have spent on the proceedings, and the smaller the opportunity
for the plaintiff to have a real choice between whether to furnish security
and proceed or not do so and give up (see, eg, Aleksander v Zsolt Adam and
Others [2015] EWHC 1582 (Ch) (“Aleksander”) at [36] and Optaglio Ltd v Tethal
and Another [2019] 1 Costs LR 41 (“Optaglio”) at [14]–[15]).

Parties’ arguments

33 Mr Chan contended that the Defendants’ delay in the Suits was substantial,
given that the requests for security were made almost three years after the
commencement of Suit 1229, and about one year eight months after the
commencement of Suit 190. He pointed out that such a delay was even more
egregious than in Jurong Town Corp (where the delay was almost seven months)
and SIC College (where the delay was more a year). He submitted that the
Plaintiff had already expended substantial time and resources in preparing for
the trial of the Suits, and that to order security at this stage would
severely prejudice the Plaintiff.

34 Mr Lauw argued that there was no delay on the part of the Defendants, given
that they had only recently discovered the Plaintiff’s financial difficulties
(see [5]–[7] above).

Analysis and Decision

35 I agree with Mr Chan that a substantial amount of time has lapsed since the
commencement of the Suits. However, in determining whether that period of
delay should weigh against the grant of security, it is important to consider
the time at which the Defendants became aware (or should reasonably have
become aware) of the matters justifying a grant of security.

36 The present case is not one in which the Defendants were aware from an
early stage of the Plaintiff’ financial difficulties. Based on the submissions
and material shown to me, the Defendants appear to have known of the
Plaintiff’s financial difficulties starting from late August 2019, and only
became aware of the serious issues in Suit 200 in mid-September 2019 (see
[5]–[7] above). They requested for security by early October 2019 and brought
these applications shortly thereafter. There is neither evidence nor argument
that the Defendants were aware of these circumstances earlier, or that they
should reasonably have become aware of them. In my view, the Defendants have
acted with due expedition once they discovered the developments that justified
a grant of security. As such, I find that there is no operative delay on the
Defendants’ part that should weigh against the ordering of security for costs.

The Oppression, Evidential and Quantum Arguments

37 I turn finally to the Oppression, Evidential and Quantum Arguments. As
these arguments overlapped significantly, I will consider them together.

Parties’ arguments

38 Mr Chan contended that the Defendants’ applications for security were used
as instruments of oppression to stifle the Plaintiff’s claims, for three
reasons:

(a) First, the timing of the applications was tactical and designed to
frustrate the Plaintiff’s preparation for trial. The applications, if granted,
would also make it impossible for the parties to meet the scheduled trial
dates commencing end-July 2020. The court ought to take this “tactical
explanation” into account, as it militates against the ordering of security
(Axent Holdings at [59]).

(b) Second, the requested quantum of $900,000 for both Suits was exorbitant
and intended to oppress the Plaintiff. Such a high quantum of security would
affect the Plaintiff’s operations, requiring a diversion of funds from the
Plaintiff’s capital-intensive projects. In this regard, Dr Peloso stated on
affidavit that the Plaintiff would not be able to provide $900,000 in security
and, if ordered to do so, would be forced to abandon its claims. Furthermore,
the Defendants’ initial request for security was in the sum of $400,000 for
both Suits; this has been increased to $900,000, which further demonstrates
the Defendants’ intention to oppress the Plaintiff.

(c) Third, the request for $900,000 in security was completely
unsubstantiated. The applications appear to be part of the Defendants’
strategy to bog the Plaintiff down in needless satellite litigation and to
delay the expeditious trial of the Suits.

39 The second and third points above overlapped with the Evidential Argument.
Mr Chan contended that the Defendants’ failure to adduce evidence to support
the request for $900,000 was, in itself, sufficient reason for dismissing the
applications for security. He cited two Hong Kong decisions in this regard:

(a) First, an unreported Hong Kong decision, Dr Pete Fashions Co Ltd v C & C
Textiles Corp [1996] HKCU 602 (“Dr Pete Fashions”) (cited in Singapore Civil
Procedure 2018 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2018) at
paragraph 23/3/36). In Dr Pete Fashions at [13], the court held that if the
defendant fails to place material before the court to enable the court to come
to a view on the quantum to be ordered as security, “no amount can be ordered
notwithstanding that a right for security has been established”.

(b) Second, a decision of the Hong Kong Court of First Instance, Hero Rich
International Ltd v Benefun International Holdings Ltd and others [2009] HKCFI
1045 (“Hero Rich”). In this case, the court held that defendant’s counsel
“must provide a realistic estimate of the time and costs likely to be incurred
in each stage of the proceedings which must bear some logical correlation to
the complexity of the case and the issues involved” (Hero Rich at [38]).

40 The Quantum Argument is closely related to the Oppression and Evidential
Arguments. Mr Chan contended that the quantum of security sought was
exorbitant, citing five points:

(a) First, the Defendants have conducted their defence in an “extravagant
manner”, inter alia by advancing a large number of prior art to challenge the
validity of the Patents (ie 22 pieces of prior art in Suit 1229 and 18 pieces
of prior art in Suit 190), and a large number of prior art combinations (ie
157 distinct combinations in total). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Dr Matthew Peloso (dated 8 November 2019) filed in SUM 5302 and
5303, at paragraphs 48 to 51.

The number of prior art and combinations cited is excessive when compared to
the invalidity challenges brought in other patent suits, such as: ASM
Technology Singapore Pte Ltd v Towa Corp [2018] 1 SLR 211 (three pieces of
prior art); Lee Tat Cheng v Maka GPS Technologies Pte Ltd [2018] 3 SLR 1334
(five pieces of prior art); Rohm and Haas Electronic Materials CMP Holdings,
Inc (formerly known as Rodel Holdings, Inc) v NexPlanar Corp and another
[2018] 5 SLR 180 (eight pieces of prior art and three combinations); and Dien
Ghin Electronic (S) Pte Ltd v Khek Tai Ting (trading as Soon Heng Digitax)
[2011] 3 SLR 227 (four pieces of prior art and two combinations).

(b) Second, the amount of security sought is excessive and unjustifiable when
compared to the Guidelines for Party-and-Party Costs Awards in the Supreme
Court of Singapore set out in Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions (“Costs Guidelines”). Based on Part III(A)(i) of the Costs
Guidelines, the estimated costs for a 12-day trial involving intellectual
property law would range from $204,000 to $306,000, which is far lower than
the $900,000 claimed.

(c) Third, the security sought is excessive and unjustifiable when compared to
taxation precedents in patent cases. Legal costs in the region of $600,000
have generally been allowed only in matters involving highly specialised
and/or novel points of law, with multiple factual and/or expert witnesses
(citing Trans Eurokars Pte Ltd v Koh Wee Meng [2015] SGHCR 6 (“Trans
Eurokars”) at [25] and Lin Jian Wei and anor v Lim Eng Hock Peter [2011] 3 SLR
1052). For example:

(i) In Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd v FE Global Electronics Pte Ltd and
others and other suits [2005] 3 SLR(R) 389 (“Trek Technology”), an 18-day
trial involving three consolidated actions, nine factual witnesses and three
expert witnesses was taxed (in Bill of Costs No 195 of 2006) at $668,000. Trek
Technology was believed to be the “longest and most intensive patent
litigation in Singapore”, involving complex subject matter, 40 pieces of prior
art and numerous novel issues of law (see Trans Eurokars at [25(a)]).

(ii) In Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd and
another (First Currency Choice Pte Ltd, third party) [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1021
(“Main-Line”), an 18-day trial involving 32 pieces of prior art, 14 factual
witnesses and two expert witnesses was taxed (in Bill of Costs No 34 of 2008)
at $600,000.

(d) Fourth, any security ordered should be confined to the Defendants’ future
costs (citing Optaglio at [24], where the UK High Court restricted the
security ordered to “costs that had yet to be incurred at the date when the
application was issued”).

(e) Fifth, given that Suit 190 has yet to proceed to formal discovery and the
Defendants have not disclosed the number of witnesses to be called at trial,
it is premature and speculative to grant any security up to the end of trial
for Suit 190. If security is to be ordered for Suit 190, it should be limited
to the completion of discovery.

41 Mr Lauw raised five main responses to the Oppression, Evidential and
Quantum Arguments:

(a) First, while the Defendants had initially requested a lower sum of
security, they had done so in the hope that the Plaintiff would agree as a
matter of compromise. The Defendants had specifically reserved their rights to
apply for a higher figure if the Plaintiff was not agreeable to the request.
Furthermore, there were material developments after the initial request was
made. In particular, the parties had occasion to attend before the trial Judge
in relation to registrars’ appeals. The Judge had cautioned Plaintiff’s
counsel to be “very mindful” that the Judge would be “open to considering
indemnity costs hereafter” should it transpire that the Plaintiff had chosen
to “proceed with the matter without being aware whether [it] can satisfy the
essential features in the patent claims”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript of hearing of HC/RA 290, 291, 292 and 293 of 2019 (16 October
2019), at p 18 lines 8–14.

The request for $900,000 was premised on the likelihood that indemnity costs
would be ordered.

(b) Second, security should be given for sums that the Defendants are out of
pocket for, and not just for sums to be incurred moving forward. For example,
in Procon (Great Britain) Ltd v Provincial Building Co Ltd and anor [1984] 1
WLR 557, the UK Court of Appeal held that the estimate of costs should be
based upon the amount for which the applicants were already out of pocket.

(c) Third, the Plaintiff cannot argue on the one hand that it has ongoing
streams of revenue from projects, investments and grants (see [16(d)] above),
while arguing on the other that the ordering of security would force the
Plaintiff to abandon its claims.

(d) Fourth, there is no established practice in Singapore to provide a
detailed breakdown of actual or estimated costs in relation to an application
for security for costs. While there are case authorities from Hong Kong (see
[39] above), these reflect the practice in a different jurisdiction.

(e) Fifth, the request for $600,000 in Suit 1229 is reasonable because there
will be much more work to be done in relation to the consolidation of the
Suits, the affidavits of evidence-in-chief, trial and closing submissions. In
relation to Suit 190, while some of the documents that may be relevant have
already been disclosed in Suit 1229, there is still further discovery to come.

42 After hearing arguments (and, in particular, the arguments at [39] and
[41(d)] above), I ordered that the Defendants provide a breakdown of costs for
the quantum of security claimed and subsequently permitted the Plaintiff one
round of response. Without such a breakdown, both the Plaintiff and the court
had very little basis to understand how the Defendants arrived the figure of
$600,000 (for Suit 1229) and $300,000 (for Suit 190). While Mr Lauw has argued
that there is no established practice in Singapore for an applicant to provide
a detailed breakdown of the quantum sought, I note from the cases cited to me
that an “estimated bill of costs” was furnished and considered in Frantonios
(see [70]). In any event, it would certainly be good practice for applicants
to provide a detailed breakdown, or at least some material to substantiate the
quantum sought. This practice would also be in line with the spirit of various
costs-related initiatives introduced in the Supreme Court, such as costs
scheduling for civil appeals, trials and originating summonses involving
cross-examination (see paragraph 99A of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions).

43 On 16 December 2019, Defendants’ counsel provided a breakdown of the
Defendants’ estimated costs, emphasising that these are “only to justify the
amount of security for costs sought against the Plaintiff in the Suits … [and]
are not intended to be a reflection of the actual costs incurred by the
Defendants in the Suits”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Letter from Defendants’ counsel (dated 16 December 2019), at paragraph 1.

The breakdown provided costs estimates on both the indemnity and standard
bases, and also included annexes summarising the work done at various stages
in the Suits (eg pleadings, interlocutory matters, pre-trial conferences,
discovery and interrogatories, etc). Based on these estimates, Defendants’
counsel submitted that the estimated costs in Suit 1229 ranged from $678,600
to $813,600 (on an indemnity basis) and from $484,600 to $569,600 (on a
standard basis). In relation to Suit 190, the ranges were from $320,400 to
$375,400 (on an indemnity basis) and from $247,400 to $277,400 (on a standard
basis).

44 For reasons explained at [49(a)] below, I am of the view that the quantum
for security should be assessed on the standard basis. I therefore set out
only the Defendants’ estimated costs on a standard basis.

(a) In relation to Suit 1229:

Description| Estimated costs  
---|---  
Work done in relation to pleadings (including numerous rounds of amendments,
excluding further and better particulars applications where costs have been
awarded)| $20,000  
Work done in respect of discovery (excluding specific discovery applications
where costs have been awarded)| $35,000  
Work done for HC/SUM 2488/2018 being the Defendants’ application for
bifurcation and consolidation (costs order: costs in the cause)| $6,000  
Work to be done in respect of affidavits of evidence in chief (assuming 2-4
factual witnesses and 1 expert witness)| $60,000 to $80,000  
Work to be done during trial (based on 60% of 12 days, as computed under the
Costs Guidelines with a daily tariff of $30,000)| $183,600  
Work to be done after trial (including closing submissions)| $60,000  
Work done or to be done in relation to other items, being correspondence
between parties and court, attendance at pre-trial conference| $15,000 to
$20,000  
Disbursements – General (excluding interlocutory applications where costs have
been awarded, including up to filing of closing submissions)| $15,000 to
$20,000  
Disbursements – Expert | $100,000 to $150,000  
Total estimated costs in Suit 1229| $484,600 to $569,600  
  
(b) In relation to Suit 190:

Description| Estimated costs  
---|---  
Work done in relation to pleadings (including numerous rounds of amendments,
excluding further and better particulars applications where costs have been
awarded)| $20,000  
Work to be done in respect of discovery | $20,000   
Work to be done in respect of affidavits of evidence in chief (assuming 2-4
factual witnesses and 1 expert witness)| $25,000 to $35,000  
Work to be done during trial (based on 40% of 12 days, as computed under the
Costs Guidelines with a daily tariff of $30,000)| $122,400  
Work to be done after trial (including closing submissions)| $15,000  
Work done or to be done in relation to other items, being correspondence
between parties and court, attendance at pre-trial conference| $15,000 to
$20,000  
Disbursements – General (excluding interlocutory applications where costs have
been awarded, including up to filing of closing submissions)| $10,000 to
$15,000  
Disbursements – Expert | $20,000 to $30,000  
Total estimated costs in Suit 190| $247,400 to $277,400  
  
45 Plaintiff’s counsel responded on 30 December 2019, contending that the
costs claimed were unreasonable and grossly inflated. In addition to
buttressing the points raised previously (see [38]–[40] above), the further
points raised were as follows:

(a) First, the Defendants were claiming the maximum of the range in the Costs
Guidelines for party-and-party costs for 12-day trials involving intellectual
property law (ie $306,000, based on the maximum “Daily Tariff” of $30,000 and
the computation mechanism provided in Part III(A)(i) of the Costs Guidelines),
with a 60:40 allocation between Suit 1229 and Suit 190. Given that the
Defendants have not adduced evidence to justify the maximum “Daily Tariff”,
the appropriate measure ought to be the lowest end of the scale, ie a “Daily
Tariff” of $20,000.

(b) Second, the figure as computed under Part III(A)(i) of the Costs
Guidelines ought to cover the entirety of costs for the Suits (citing Seraya
Energy Pte Ltd v Denka Advantech Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 100 (“Seraya”), where the
court relied on Part III(A)(i) of the Costs Guidelines as the starting point
to determine the standard costs to be awarded; the court increased the costs
awarded by a 2.5 factor in view of the complexity of arguments and the claim
amount). The sums claimed for work done in relation to aspects such as
pleadings and discovery are subsumed within the figure computed under Part
III(A)(i) of the Costs Guidelines, rather than separately claimed. To this
end, the Defendants’ addition of the figures found in Part III(A)(ii) of the
Costs Guidelines (relating to costs for matters settled before judgment) is
erroneous and intended to inflate the security claimed.

(c) Third, it is speculative for the Defendants to provide costs estimates on
the assumption that all 12 days of trial will be utilised. The Defendants have
yet to commit to the number of witnesses that they intend to call. Having
regard to the commonality of parties and pleaded infringements, similarity of
subject matter, and on the basis that each party will call two to four factual
witnesses and one expert witness, “only 6 days of trial at most will be
required for the entirety of the Suits”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Letter from Plaintiff’s counsel (dated 30 December 2019), at paragraph 17.

46 In the light of the above, Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the quantum
of security ordered should be premised on a standard basis for a 6-day trial,
with a “Daily Tariff” of $20,000. Based on the computation mechanism provided
in Part III(A)(i) of the Costs Guidelines, this amount would be about
$116,000. Assuming a 60:40 ratio between the Suits, this would be $69,600 for
Suit 1229 and $46,400 for Suit 190. Plaintiff’s counsel also proceed to
analyse the actual quantum of security to be awarded, which I have summarised
in the table below (omitting the detailed breakdown):

Description| Suit 1229| Suit 190  
---|---|---  
Section 1 Costs (Including $3,000 being awarded for HC/SUM 2488 in Suit 1229)|
$63,000 to $73,000| $36,000 to $45,000  
Section 3 Disbursements – General | $6,000 to $10,000| $4,000 to $6,500  
Section 3 Disbursements – Expert | $12,000 to $18,000| $8,000 to $12,000  
Total Costs| $81,000 to $101,000| $48,000 to $63,500  
  
47 Defendants’ counsel wrote to the court on 3 January 2020, contending that
Plaintiff’s counsel had made certain misleading and erroneous arguments:

(a) First, the interpretation at [45(b)] above went against the wording of the
Costs Guidelines. A “Daily Tariff” cannot be intended to incorporate costs
incurred before trial. Furthermore, if the figure computed under Part
III(A)(i) of the Costs Guidelines was truly intended to represent the entirety
of party-and-party costs for the whole suit, there would no longer be a need
for taxation of bills of costs.

(b) Second, there is no limit to the number of prior art and combinations that
a defendant can rely upon in patent litigation. This should not be a factor
indicating any extravagance on the part of the Defendants. Indeed, if the
patent in issue lacks novelty or inventiveness, one would expect that there
would be a larger number of relevant prior art and combinations. This is
precisely the situation in the present case, since the Defendants are
essentially being accused of infringing the Patents “by using an Excel
spreadsheet”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Letter from Defendants’ counsel (dated 3 January 2020), at paragraph 5(1).

(c) Third, the Plaintiff had never previously objected to both Suits being
fixed for 12 days of trial, and had never suggested that a 6-day trial would
be sufficient. The sudden halving of the number of trial days is “nothing but
a hollow and desperate attempt by the Plaintiff to reduce the amount of
security to be quantified by the Court”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Letter from Defendants’ counsel (dated 3 January 2020), at paragraph 6.

Analysis and Decision

48 Before turning to the facts at hand, I make five observations.

(a) First, the Costs Guidelines provide a general indication of the quantum
and methodology of party-and-party costs awards in the Supreme Court, taking
into account past awards made, internal practices and general feedback (see
Part I of the Costs Guidelines at paragraph 2). In the context of a security
for costs application, the Costs Guidelines provide an excellent guide for
estimating the likely quantum of “Section 1 costs” (ie costs for work done in
the matter, except for taxation of costs: see O 59 r 24(1)(a) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, Rev Ed 2014)). Of course, costs ultimately remain at the
discretion of the court (see paragraph 99B(2) of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions, and Part I of the Costs Guidelines at paragraph 3); as such,
departure from the guideline figures may be warranted where, for instance, the
matters at hand are particularly complex.

(b) Second, while I recognise that in Seraya the court was addressing a
situation where an offer to settle was made, the approach taken vis-à-vis Part
III(A)(i) of the Costs Guidelines appears to be of general application. The
figures computed under Part III(A)(i) of the Costs Guidelines ought to be
taken as a guide for assessing the entirety of party-and party costs for the
suit, save that the figures do not include (i) costs awarded for summonses or
on appeals therefrom, and (ii) costs which have been ordered to be in the
cause. To avoid doubt, in view of the structure of the Costs Guidelines, the
costs prescribed in Part III(A)(ii) should not be cumulatively added to the
costs in Part III(A)(i). Instead, as stated in a note in Part III(A)(i), the
interaction between Part III(A)(i) and Part III(A)(ii) occurs where the
figures calculated pursuant to Part III(A)(i) “are lower than those provided
for matters in respect of which settlement has been reached” (which is not the
situation in the present case).

(c) Third, in addition to the Costs Guidelines, it is useful to have regard to
precedent cases when determining the quantum of security to be awarded. Two
types of precedents are particularly relevant, ie, precedents on security for
costs and taxation precedents. In the present applications, two taxation
precedents were cited to me, ie, Trek Technology and Main-Line. These cases
pre-dated the issuance of the Costs Guidelines. However, they remain useful
comparators for consideration in these applications, given that they are
patent cases involving substantial numbers of prior art.

(d) Fourth, if a defendant is of the view that a higher quantum of security is
warranted in view of the particular complexity or novelty of the case at hand,
it is incumbent upon the defendant to justify this when seeking security for
costs. The mere fact that a case is a patent case does not mean, in and of
itself, that the case is particularly complicated or technical. As observed by
the UK High Court, it is a “popular misconception that patent actions are all
complicated” and that “all [patent] cases are complex and involve profound
technical issues” (Uni-continental Holdings at 841, per Laddie J). While the
number of prior art or combinations cited may be a factor for consideration,
these numbers may not be determinative one way or another. For example,
depending on the circumstances of the case, a large number of prior art or
combinations may indicate (i) the complexity of the case and the expert issues
involved, (ii) the lack of novelty or inventiveness of the patent in question,
(iii) a party’s intention to throw the proverbial kitchen sink, etc. As such,
proper justification and explanation must be provided if a defendant wishes to
rely on the number of prior art or combinations to justify a higher quantum of
costs.

(e) Fifth, in determining the quantum of security to be ordered, the court may
take into consideration Section 3 costs (ie disbursements made or likely to be
made in the suit) given that these are costs which can subsequently be claimed
in a bill of costs (see O 59 r 24(1)(c) of the Rules of Court). In the present
case, there was neither any dispute over whether Section 3 costs should be
taken into consideration, nor any dispute over whether there should be
disbursements for experts. Instead, both parties provided their estimates for
such disbursements. While it is not uncommon for disbursements to be
substantial particularly where experts are involved, it is incumbent on a
party seeking security for such disbursements to provide some basis for the
quantum sought.

49 I turn now to the facts of the present case. Having considered the various
issues and arguments raised, my views are as follows:

(a) First, it is not appropriate to assess the quantum of security on an
indemnity basis, solely on the basis of the matters raised at [41(a)] above.
The learned Judge had stated that he would be “open” to ordering indemnity
costs depending on how the litigation pans out; he did not make a conclusive
decision that he would be ordering indemnity costs in due course.

(b) Second, the Suits (which will be consolidated) should be approached
collectively as a 12-day intellectual property trial. In relation to the
“Daily Tariff”, I note that the Defendants have not expressly demonstrated
that the issues raised in the Suits are particularly complex. However, it is
apparent from perusal of the detailed annexes furnished by Defendants’ counsel
that there were numerous amendments to the pleadings and provision of further
and better particulars (not pursuant to court orders), that parties have
attended at 32 pre-trial conferences as at mid-November 2019 (of which 18 were
joint pre-trial conferences for both Suits), and that discovery in Suit 1229
has been voluminous (exceeding 10,000 pages) with more discovery to come in
Suit 190. As such, it would be reasonable to apply a “Daily Tariff” in the
middle of the range for intellectual property trials, ie $25,000. Had the
Defendants satisfactorily demonstrated that the Suits would be particularly
complex, the figure might well have been higher. Based on these indicators, as
well as a 60:40 division between Suit 1229 and Suit 190, the guideline Section
1 costs (excluding costs awarded for summonses or on appeals therefrom and
costs which have been ordered to be in the cause) are $153,000 for Suit 1229
and $102,000 for Suit 190.

(c) Third, it is not appropriate to limit the quantum of security to future
costs. In Optaglio, there was extreme lateness in the application for security
– the application was brought a mere four weeks before trial in a matter that
had commenced about six years ago. Also, the defendants’ lawyers in that case
had apparently become aware of the situation warranting an order for security
about two months before the application was actually made. In contrast, in the
present case, the Defendants had acted with due expedition (see [36] above).

(d) Fourth, I am prepared to order security for costs up to the end of trial
for both Suits, given that the Suits will be consolidated. While there may be
some overlaps in discovery and evidence, the guideline figure for a 12-day
intellectual property trial would still provide a reasonable estimate in the
light of [48(b)] above.

(e) Fifth, in relation to the Defendants’ application for bifurcation and
consolidation, ie Summons No 2488 of 2018 (“SUM 2488”), the trial Judge heard
the application and ordered that costs be in the cause. The Defendants and the
Plaintiff have estimated the costs of SUM 2488 to be $6,000 and $3,000
respectively. For the purposes of ordering security for costs, $5,000 would be
a reasonable estimate of costs for SUM 2488.

(f) Sixth, in relation to disbursements, the parties are not very far apart in
their estimates of reasonable general disbursements. However, they have very
different estimates of disbursements for experts (see [44] contra [46] above).
Having considered Defendants’ counsel’s detailed annexes and in particular the
numerous court attendances as well as voluminous discovery, I consider that
the lower ranges of the Defendants’ estimates are reasonable, if not
conservative. However, in relation to disbursements for experts, the
Defendants have not provided any explanation on the nature and extent of
expert evidence to be adduced, whether the experts are based in Singapore or
overseas, etc. As such, there is insufficient justification for claiming a
six-figure sum in total for both Suits. In the absence of proper
justification, I would rely on the upper ranges of the Plaintiff’s estimates
for experts’ disbursements.

50 In the light of the above, I order that security for Suit 1229 and Suit 190
be furnished in the sums of $191,000 and $124,000 respectively, totalling a
sum of $315,000 for the Suits. The breakdown is provided in the following
table.

Description| Suit 1229| Suit 190  
---|---|---  
Section 1 Costs  
Section 1 Costs (excluding costs awarded for summonses or appeals therefrom
and costs which have been ordered to be in the cause)* Based on 60:40 division
between  
Suit 1229 and Suit 190.| $153,000| $102,000  
SUM 2488 (costs in the cause)| $5,000| N.A.  
Section 3 Costs  
Disbursements – General (excluding applications where costs have been awarded,
up to filing of closing submissions)| $15,000| $10,000  
Disbursements – Expert | $18,000| $12,000  
Total security awarded| $191,000| $124,000  
  
Whether proceedings should be stayed pending provision of security

51 Mr Chan argued that in the event that security for costs is awarded, the
proceedings should not be stayed pending the provision of security. He
submitted that it would be in the interest of the parties that the timetable
for trial preparation should not be interrupted, pointing to Barcrest at [3.8]
as an example where the court did not order a stay. He submitted that given
that the trial of the Suits is fixed to commence late-July 2020, the parties
should still proceed to formally consolidate the Suits, conduct discovery in
Suit 190, and prepare affidavits of evidence in chief as well as expert
reports.

52 In Barcrest, the court had also observed that it was in the interest of all
parties that preparation of the case be left uninterrupted “provided that the
provision of security is handled expeditiously” (at [3.8]). In the present
case, given the various findings made throughout this judgment, it is
uncertain whether the Plaintiff will be able to provide security with
sufficient expedition. In the circumstances, I am minded to order a stay. I
will also order timelines to facilitate progress of this matter towards trial
should the Plaintiff be able and willing to provide security. In this regard,
I order that the Plaintiff furnish security within 21 days of this order. If
the Plaintiff is able to furnish security within the 21 days, the Suits should
still be able to proceed to trial as presently fixed. If, however, the
Plaintiff is unable to furnish security within the 21 days, the matter shall
remain stayed, with the Defendants having liberty to apply to strike out the
Plaintiff’s claims for failure to furnish security.

Whether an unless order should be made

53 The final substantive prayer sought in the applications is for the
Plaintiff’s claims in the Suits to be struck out without further order in the
event that the Plaintiff fails to furnish security.

54 It is well established that an unless order, particularly one resulting in
a striking out of a plaintiff’s claim without further order, will not be given
as a matter of course but as a last resort (see, eg, Mitora Pte Ltd v
Agritrade International (Pte) Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 1179 at [45]–[46]).
Specifically in the context of security for costs applications, the UK Court
of Appeal has observed that an order for large sums of security “should not be
made subject to the ‘unless’ sanction until a real opportunity has been given
to the claimant to find the money” (Radu v Houston and Another [2007] 5 Costs
LR 671 at [18]).

55 I therefore dismiss the Defendants’ prayer for an unless order.

Conclusion

56 In view of the foregoing, I make the following orders:

(a) The Plaintiff shall, within 21 days from the date of this judgment,
furnish security in the sum of $191,000 (in Suit 1229) and $124,000 (in Suit
190) as security for the Defendants’ costs up to the end of trial (including
closing submissions), on the condition that the Defendants provide an
undertaking in writing within 14 days from the date of this judgment to
discontinue their counterclaims against the Plaintiff if the Plaintiff’s
claims are struck out for failure to furnish security.

(b) The security shall be furnished by way of a banker’s guarantee issued by a
Singapore bank or by way of an undertaking in writing by the Plaintiff’s
solicitors.

(c) All further proceedings in the Suits shall be stayed until the Plaintiff
furnishes the requisite security, save for (i) the furnishing of security;
(ii) the bringing of an appeal against this judgment; and (iii) an application
for the Plaintiff’s claims to be struck out for failure to furnish security.

57 I will hear parties on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Chan Wenqiang, Mr Alvin Lim and Mr Alvin Tan  
(Ravindran Associates LLP) for the Plaintiff;  
Mr Nicholas Lauw and Ms Leow Jiamin  
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the Defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

