Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 71

Companies Winding Up No 34 of 2020

Between

BW Umuroa Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

Tamarind Resources Pte Ltd

… Defendant

judgment

[Companies] — [Winding up]

[Arbitration] — [Agreement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BW Umuroa Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Tamarind Resources Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 71

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 34 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
28 February, 6 March 2020

6 April 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is the plaintiff’s application to wind up the defendant on the basis of
an unsatisfied statutory demand arising from two unpaid invoices. The
plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company which is part of a group of
companies known as the “BW Group”. The group owns and charters shipping
vessels to oil and gas extraction companies. The defendant is a Singapore-
incorporated company engaged in the business of oil and gas extraction, and is
part of a group of companies known as the “Tamarind Group”.

2 On 16 September 2019, the defendant chartered a Floating and Production
Storage and Offloading vessel (“Vessel”) from the plaintiff under a charter
contract (“Bareboat Charter”). On the same day, a company related to the
plaintiff named BW Offshore Singapore Pte Ltd (“BWO Singapore”) entered into a
separate Operations and Maintenance Agreement (“O&M Agreement”) with a New
Zealand based company related to the defendant named Tamarind Taranaki Ltd
(“TTL”) for the maintenance of the Vessel. Neither BWO Singapore nor TTL are
parties to the present application, but their involvement will be explained in
the narrative below. According to the plaintiff, the Bareboat Charter and O&M
Agreement together were intended to replace an even earlier charter contract
(“Original FPSO Charter Contract”) for the Vessel between BWO Singapore and
TTL dated 18 November 2005.

3 On 30 September 2019, the plaintiff issued an invoice to the defendant under
the Bareboat Charter for US$819,375 in respect of the hire of the Vessel for
the period from 16 to 30 September 2019. On 31 October 2019, the plaintiff
issued another invoice for US$1,683,761 in respect of the hire for the month
of October 2019. These two sums comprise the alleged unpaid debt (“Alleged
Unpaid Debt”) of US$2,503,136 which forms the basis of the plaintiff’s present
winding up application. According to the plaintiff, the Bareboat Charter and
O&M Agreement were both subsequently terminated sometime between October and
November 2019.

4 On 27 December 2019, the plaintiff, through its solicitors, served a
statutory demand for the Alleged Unpaid Debt on the defendant. The defendant
did not apply to set aside the same, allegedly due to some miscommunication on
its end. Subsequent correspondence between the counsel for both sides failed
to yield any resolution, and nothing was done to satisfy the statutory demand.

5 On 29 January 2020, the plaintiff filed the present winding up application.
On 31 January 2020, the defendant issued a notice of arbitration against the
plaintiff pursuant to an arbitration clause in the Bareboat Charter,
apparently to obtain declarations that the plaintiff was not entitled to the
Alleged Unpaid Debt and was in breach of the Bareboat Charter. The defendant
concurrently applied before an emergency arbitrator for an injunction to
restrain the plaintiff from filing a winding up application. This application
was dismissed pursuant to an interim order issued by the emergency arbitrator
dated 13 February 2020.

6 In the present winding up application, counsel for the defendant, Mr Arvin
Lee, submitted, inter alia, that the application should be stayed, if not
dismissed, on the following grounds:

(a) First, the Alleged Unpaid Debt is disputed, and the dispute should be
referred to arbitration as agreed by the parties under the Bareboat Charter.
Further, where such an arbitration agreement exists, the law on the standard
of proof, which the defendant must meet to show that there is a dispute over
the debt which should be referred to arbitration, is in a state of flux.

(b) Second, the defendant has substantial cross-claims against the plaintiff,
which should also be referred to arbitration as agreed by the parties under
the Bareboat Charter.

(c) Third, the defendant is solvent.

7 The plaintiff, represented by Mr Sim Kwan Kiat, disputed all the above
grounds. Mr Sim submitted that the defendant should be wound up on the ground
set out in s 254(1)(e) read with s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) – namely, that the defendant is presumed insolvent and unable to
pay its debts on the basis of an unsatisfied statutory demand. Alternatively,
Mr Sim submitted that the defendant be given a maximum of seven days to make
full payment of the Alleged Unpaid Debt, or to secure or compound the same to
the satisfaction of the plaintiff.

8 Whether the winding up application should be stayed or dismissed is the main
issue before me, and is an issue that must obviously be determined by
Singapore law, regardless of whether the arbitration court might be applying
another law for the substantive dispute over the debt and cross-claim, if any.
In other words, Singapore law governs whether the defendant has rebutted any
presumption that it is unable to pay its debts, or met the requisite standard
of proof in showing that there is a “dispute” over the debt or that it has a
“cross-claim”, so as to justify a stay or dismissal of the present
application.

9 On the other hand, the “dispute” and “cross-claims” which form the
defendant’s case arise from one of the three agreements referred to in [2]
above (in particular, the Bareboat Charter). All three agreements contain a
clause stating that English law governs the agreement. No submissions were
made before me as to why these clauses would not be operative. That being the
case, the defendant has to show that it has raised a “dispute” over the debt
or a “cross-claim” under the relevant agreement, which has a sufficient basis
in English law to meet the requisite standard of proof under Singapore law for
staying or dismissing a winding up application. There is a fine but
appreciable difference between the law applicable to the agreements which form
the basis of the defendant’s dispute and cross-claims, and the law applicable
to the granting, staying or dismissal of a winding up application.

10 The defendant incorrectly claimed that there is a “dispute” over the debt
as well as “cross-claims” under the relevant agreements in Singapore law. In
respect of the “dispute” over the debt, Mr Lee acknowledged that the Bareboat
Charter is in fact governed by English law. He went on, however, to submit
that “English law [would still] reach the same result as to whether the debt
is ‘disputed’ ” for the purpose of granting a stay on winding up proceedings.
Mr Lee fails to appreciate the distinction mentioned in [9] above. For his
part, Mr Sim also appeared to assume that Singapore law applies to the
agreements when arguing that the defendant had not raised a proper “dispute”
or “cross-claim” under those agreements.

11 Although any “dispute” or “cross-claim” arising from the agreements is to
be governed by English law, no argument under English law was advanced to
substantiate any such “dispute” or “cross-claim”. As I mentioned, the main
question is whether to stay or dismiss the winding up application, which must
clearly be determined by Singapore law, and on which question I find that even
the lower standard of proof (as discussed later below) has not been met.

12 Even if I accept that Singapore law applies to the relevant agreements, the
defendant has not shown that either ground has sufficient basis in Singapore
law to meet the standard of proof (also under Singapore law) to obtain a stay
or dismissal.

13 Mr Lee’s first argument is that Singapore law on the standard of proof
applicable to raising a dispute over the debt in question is uncertain. It is
well-established that to obtain a stay or dismissal of a winding up
application, a debtor company may show that there is a substantial and bona
fide dispute over the debt. Generally, to determine that such a dispute
exists, the court must be satisfied that the debtor company has made out a
“triable issue”.

14 Where there is an arbitration agreement between the parties (as there is in
the present case), the High Court in VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) v Anan
Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 250 has held that the standard of proof
remains the same, notwithstanding the presence of the arbitration agreement.
On the other hand, in BDG v BDH [2016] 5 SLR 977 and BWF v BWG [2019] SGHC 81,
the Court there held that to obtain a stay or dismissal of the winding up
application, the debtor company need only meet a lower standard – namely, that
there is a “bona fide prima facie” case that a dispute exists, and it falls
within the scope of the arbitration agreement. If this standard is met, then
the dispute should be referred to arbitration as agreed by the parties.
According to Mr Lee, the latter two High Court decisions are currently on
conjoined appeals to the Court of Appeal regarding this very issue on the
applicable standard of proof. Mr Lee submitted that if this court does not
grant at least a stay on the present application, this court takes the risk
that it may reach a verdict per incuriam. Mr Sim has, however, stated that the
plaintiff is prepared to proceed on the basis that the lower standard of proof
is applicable, and it takes the position that the defendant cannot even
satisfy that. I do not think that the risk of deciding per incuriam is a
reason for not deciding this matter, and will proceed on the assumption that
the lower standard of proof applies, there being no prejudice to the
defendant.

15 In my view, the defendant has not even managed to raise a bona fide prima
facie dispute over the Alleged Unpaid Debt. The defendant has repeatedly and
vigorously emphasised that it is disputing the Alleged Unpaid Debt, and that
the dispute should be referred to arbitration. To this end, Mr Lee argued that
although an officer of the defendant had approved the two unpaid invoices in
an email dated 13 December 2019, the same officer retracted the said email on
the very same day. According to Mr Lee, it could thus not be said that the
defendant had unequivocally admitted to the Alleged Unpaid Debt. Mr Lee
further referred to two provisions in the Bareboat Charter. The first was
Article 12.4, which provides that if the defendant wished to dispute any
amount reflected in an invoice, it had to do so within 14 days of receipt,
failing which the invoice would be deemed accepted. The second was Article
12.1(d), which purports to exclude any right of set-off in respect of payments
owed by the defendant to the plaintiff. Mr Lee contended that (under Singapore
law) those provisions do not prevent the defendant from disputing the relevant
invoices now or raising a “set-off” defence, and their true construction ought
only to be decided through arbitration.

16 Putting aside my earlier point that the Bareboat Charter should be governed
by English law, even if I fully accept all of Mr Lee’s contentions above, none
of them had stated the basis on which the defendant is now disputing the
Alleged Unpaid Debt. Despite the fact that having to show a bona fide prima
facie dispute is a low standard of proof to meet, I do not think that the
defendant has done even that. As Mr Sim rightly pointed out, a bare allegation
that a dispute exists is insufficient. I do not find the defendant’s
submissions before the emergency arbitrator to be of any assistance either, as
they similarly do not tell me what the defendant’s basis for its dispute is.

17 Turning to Mr Lee’s second argument, he submitted that the defendant has
genuine and serious cross-claims based on substantial grounds against the
plaintiff, which exceeds the Alleged Unpaid Debt and should be referred to
arbitration. Mr Lee accepted that in respect of a cross-claim, the applicable
standard of proof requires the defendant to show that “there is a likelihood
that [the winding up application] may fail or that it is unlikely that a
winding-up order would be made” (see Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon
Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 268 (“Metalform”) at [77]). In Denmark Skibstekniske
Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation (formerly known as Knud E Hansen A/S) v
Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000 Theem Park
Investments Ltd) [2011] 4 SLR 997, Quentin Loh J made the observation (with
which I concur) that this is no different from the “triable issue” standard.

18 Although Mr Sim did not specifically submit on the applicable standard of
proof for a cross-claim, it was unnecessary for him to do so because Mr Lee’s
acceptance of the higher “triable issues” standard was already to the
plaintiff’s advantage. In my view, however, it is altogether very strange for
both parties to proceed on the basis that the higher “triable issue” standard
applies to the alleged cross-claim, but the lower standard (ie, that there is
a bona fide prima facie case) applies to a disputed debt. As far as the
applicable standard of proof is concerned, it is not obvious to me why any
distinction should be drawn between a cross-claim and a disputed debt insofar
as both are grounds for calling into question the locus standi of a creditor
to present a winding up application against a debtor company (see Metalform at
[68]).

19 In any event, I do not think that the defendant has met either standard of
proof in respect of its alleged cross-claims against the plaintiff. The cross-
claims are based on the defendant’s allegations that:

(a) the plaintiff and/or BWO Singapore had mismanaged machinery on the Vessel;
and

(b) the plaintiff had made unauthorised changes to the pipework on the Vessel
in order to divert oil.

20 Based on Mr Lee’s submissions (presumably based on Singapore law), it is
clear that these alleged cross-claims are all contractual in nature, and not
grounded in tort or some other basis independent of contract. Mr Lee referred,
inter alia, to two provisions in the Bareboat Charter between the plaintiff
and defendant. Article 8.9 states that the defendant bears the obligations
relating to the maintenance of the Vessel. Article 8.10 goes on to say that
the defendant shall enter into an agreement with BWO Singapore, under which
the latter would assume the former’s maintenance obligations in Article 8.9. I
repeat, for the avoidance of doubt, that it was eventually TTL (and not the
defendant) which entered into the O&M Agreement with BWO Singapore in respect
of maintenance of the Vessel.

21 The defendant alleged that because the plaintiff and/or BWO Singapore had
mismanaged machinery on the Vessel, BWO Singapore had thereby breached its
obligations regarding maintenance under the Original FPSO Charter Contract
(which was the only contract in force at the time). According to Mr Lee, BWO
Singapore’s breaches are “continuing breaches and carry over to the
[subsequently executed] Bareboat Charter” pursuant to Article 8.9 read with
8.10. He submitted that the liability of BWO Singapore for the said breaches
of the Original FPSO Charter Contract and the subsequent Bareboat Charter can
be attributed to the plaintiff, given the “inter-connected relationship”
between the plaintiff, defendant, BWO Singapore and TTL. Mr Lee accepted that
the basis for such attribution is “less clear than desired”, but he argued
that the matter should still be referred to arbitration.

22 Again, putting aside the fact that the relevant agreements should be
governed by English law, there are immense difficulties with the defendant’s
alleged cross-claims under Singapore law. As Mr Sim correctly pointed out, the
maintenance obligations which were allegedly breached are those of BWO
Singapore under the Original FPSO Charter Contract. The only parties to that
agreement were BWO Singapore and TTL, and not the plaintiff and defendant
themselves. It is unclear what Mr Lee means when he says that BWO Singapore’s
continuing breaches are “carried over” to the Bareboat Charter. The Bareboat
Charter was entered into between the plaintiff and defendant only, and does
not bind BWO Singapore. Even if there was a failure to maintain the Vessel
which is governed by the Bareboat Charter, it is clear that as between the
plaintiff and defendant, it would be the latter who owes the relevant
maintenance obligation under Article 8.9. Insofar as such a failure (if any)
is governed by the O&M Agreement instead, again, it is BWO Singapore and TTL
who are the parties to that agreement, and not the plaintiff and defendant. Mr
Lee’s argument that BWO Singapore’s continuing breaches “carry over” to the
Bareboat Charter is an attempt to cross an unbridgeable chasm.

23 It is therefore entirely unclear how the plaintiff itself owes any
obligation to maintain the Vessel, or how the defendant has locus standi to
sue it for any breach of the same, under the Original FPSO Charter Contract,
the Bareboat Charter or the O&M Agreement. As for the basis on which BWO
Singapore’s liability under the first and last of these agreements can be
attributed to the plaintiff, Mr Lee’s concession that it is “less clear than
desired” is an understatement – the defendant failed to establish any prima
facie basis at all, much less raise a triable issue. Indeed, the defendant’s
lack of particularisation in this respect suggests that its cross-claims are
not genuine or made bona fides. That being the case, it is unnecessary for me
to also decide whether there is a bona fide prima facie case that the
defendant’s alleged cross-claims fall within the arbitration clause in the
Bareboat Charter.

24 In light of the foregoing, it is presumed from the unsatisfied statutory
demand (served on the defendant on 27 December 2019) that the defendant is
unable to pay its debts. In this respect, Mr Lee’s third and final argument
was that the defendant is in fact solvent. According to Mr Lee, the
defendant’s management accounts show that it is “balance sheet” solvent, in
that its total assets exceed its total liabilities. Mr Sim argued that the
defendant fails to show that it is also “cash flow” solvent, and that in any
event, it is not “balance sheet” solvent because many of the defendant’s
assets do not have the value which the defendant ascribed to it, and other
major liabilities have also not been taken into account.

25 In my view, there is no real reason to engage in a detailed inquiry into
the defendant’s financial standing. The present winding up application is
based on an unsatisfied statutory demand for the Alleged Unpaid Debt. I find
that the defendant has not successfully raised the defence that there is a
dispute over the debt or that it has cross-claims against the plaintiff which
should be referred to arbitration. I agree with Mr Sim’s submission that if
the defendant is genuinely solvent as it claims, it should have satisfied the
statutory demand. It is no defence to a valid statutory demand for the
defendant to say that it is solvent, but that it refuses to pay, compound or
secure the debt. Since I rejected the other grounds put up by the defendant, I
was thus prepared to grant the application with a stay of execution for two
weeks for the defendant to pay, secure or compound the debt. However, the
plaintiff’s counsel informed the court on 2 April 2020 that it had received a
letter on 28 March 2020 from the newly-appointed receivers and managers of the
defendant, indicating that the defendant had been placed in receivership. This
makes it clear that the defendant is not solvent.

26 In the circumstances, I grant the first, second and third prayers of the
plaintiff’s application in the following terms:

(a) That a winding up order be made against the defendant;

(b) That Joshua James Taylor and Yit Chee Wah be appointed the joint and
several liquidators of the defendant;

(c) That the costs of the proceedings be taxed, if not agreed or fixed, and be
paid to the plaintiff out of the assets of the defendant; and

(d) Liberty to apply.

Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Sim Kwan Kiat and Ho Zi Wei (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Lee Wei Yuen Arvin (Wee Swee Teow LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

