Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 13

Criminal Appeal No 27 of 2019

Between

Ewe Pang Kooi  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Ex-tempore judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Property] — [Criminal breach of trust]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ewe Pang Kooi

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGCA 13

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 27 of 2019  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Steven Chong JA and Woo Bih Li J  
3 March 2020

3 March 2020

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal brought by the Appellant against his conviction on a total
of 50 charges under s 409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) and the
preceding version of s 409 in the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)
(collectively, “the Penal Code”), and also against the aggregate sentence of
imprisonment of 25 years and 10 months.

2 We first deal briefly with the appeal against conviction. Section 409 is the
aggravated form of the offence of criminal breach of trust (“CBT”) and it
applies, in material part, to one who is “entrusted with property … in the way
of his business as a banker, a merchant, a factor, a broker, an attorney or an
agent” and who commits CBT in respect of that property. The key words in
question are “entrusted … in the way of his business as … an agent”. The
Appellant contends that on a true construction of s 409 of the Penal Code and
in the light of the judgment of this court in Public Prosecutor v Lam Leng
Hung [2018] 1 SLR 659 (“Lam Leng Hung”), he was not an agent within the
meaning of that provision and ought instead to be convicted under the general
provision dealing with the offence of CBT. We are satisfied that the Appellant
is mistaken and that the Judge was correct to have convicted him of the
offences under s 409. In our judgement, the point is covered by what was held
by the Court of Appeal in Lam Leng Hung. There, the court was concerned with
the offence of CBT committed by accused persons in their capacity as
directors. The question was whether they could be regarded as “agents” for the
purposes of s 409.

3 After conducting an exhaustive analysis of the text and the context of the
provision and its historical roots, the Court of Appeal concluded that the
word “agent” in s 409 did not cover just any legal agent but was confined to
those who were in the business of being an agent. This was how the court put
it at [231]–[232]:

231 Third, the Indian Penal Code and the earlier UK Embezzlement Act
provisions were enacted at a time when professional agents, which included
factors, brokers and the like, were a recognised and distinct class of persons
who provided agency services to the public. Therefore, as the English cases on
the early Factors Acts as well as on the Embezzlement Act 1812 and the Larceny
Act 1827 indicate (see [239]–[246] below), it was readily understood at the
time that the ostensibly broad references to “agents” in these Acts had to be
construed purposively as referring to professional or mercantile agents who
provided commercial services to the community at large as part of the emerging
market economy of that era.

232 These points, both individually and taken together, support the textual
analysis of s 409 set out in the earlier part of our judgment. In other words,
the extraneous material confirms, pursuant to s 9A(2)(a) of the
[Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1999 Rev Ed)], that the meaning of s 409 is the
ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision, taking into account
its context in the CBT provisions of the Penal Code and the purpose or object
underlying the provision. The history also readily explains why the phrase “in
the way of his business” is employed in s 409 (viz, as a reference to
commercial activity), and reinforces the need for the term “agent” to be read
ejusdem generis. Finally, on the crucial issue of legislative purpose, the
historical material on s 409 and the related embezzlement provisions
unequivocally indicate that the provision was intended to capture not any
legal agent, but only professional agents, who played an important role in
commercial life by providing services to the public at large, and who were
entrusted with property in the way of their businesses.

[emphasis in original]

4 This then led the Court of Appeal to answer the first question it was posed
as follows at [288(a)]:

For the purposes of s 409 of the Penal Code, the expression “in the way of his
business as … an agent” refers only to a person who is a professional agent,
ie, one who professes to offer his agency services to the community at large
and from which he makes his living.

[emphasis in original]

5 In our judgment, the effect of the Court of Appeal’s decision in Lam Leng
Hung was not to ossify the classes of persons who could be captured by s 409
of the Penal Code to those who were in the business of mercantile agents in
the mid-1800s. Were that the case, it might well be said that the section
could not apply to liquidators or receivers and managers as the present
Appellant was at the material time. But the Court of Appeal’s decision was
directed at identifying the proper limits of the section and it did so by
emphasising that it would only apply to: (a) professional agents; (b) who
provide services to the public at large; and (c) who are entrusted with
property in the course of their businesses.

6 In our judgment, the position of the Appellant in his various capacities
comfortably brings him within that definition of a professional agent. He was
at the material time a certified public accountant and an approved liquidator.
He was managing partner of a firm of certified public accountants and a
director of a related company of management consultants. In these capacities
he practised as, among other things, a corporate insolvency practitioner and a
receiver and manager of assets and offered his services to the public at
large. Indeed, he made a living from this. The offences relate to acts he did
when he was appointed as a liquidator of a number of companies or as a
receiver of assets or as the manager of the bank accounts of a company. In
each of these capacities he was engaged as part of his business and was
entrusted with property and it was that very property that he misappropriated.
The Judge analysed these points at [44]–[62] of his judgment and we see
nothing objectionable in his analysis.

7 We therefore dismiss the appeal against conviction.

8 We turn to the appeal against sentence. The Appellant made a few key points
before us.

9 First, it was said that the Judge should not have ordered more than two
sentences to run consecutively because, it was said, this was not an
exceptional case. We disagree. Having regard to: (a) the amounts involved
(this came to more than $40 million over a period of ten years, and although
we recognise that some part of this was money the Appellant misappropriated
from one or more victims to conceal what he was misappropriating from others,
the nett amount was nonetheless in the region of $24 million which was
extremely substantial); (b) the number of charges and victims; and (c) the
prolonged period of offending, we think it was well within the sentencing
discretion of the Judge to order that three sentences run consecutively.

10 It was next suggested that the aggregate sentence should be adjusted
downwards because, in effect, it could amount to a life sentence given the
Appellant’s advanced age and this would be crushing. We do not accept this.
First, the Judge took into account the advanced age of the Appellant and
moderated the sentence as a result. In our judgment, while it is right that a
sentencing court should be mindful of the real effect of a sentence on an
offender of advanced age, as noted in Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R)
500 at [78], there are limits to this principle. Here, this was simply a
consequence of the period of time during which the Appellant was able to keep
his fraudulent activities concealed. As we pointed out in the course of the
arguments, it would be perverse to suggest that if he had successfully
continued with the fraud for another decade and been apprehended at the age of
70, the sentence should be further moderated on account of his remaining life
expectancy at that point.

11 Finally, it was suggested that the Judge should have drawn at least one of
the sentences from the version of the offence as it was prior to 2008. It was
noted that 22 of the 50 offences were committed when the 1985 version of the
offence-creating provision was in force, while the remaining offences were
committed under the 2008 version of the offence-creating provision. We decline
to make any adjustment on this ground because, as we pointed out to Mr Tan,
there were sentences for offences covered by the 1985 version that were more
severe than at least one of the three sentences the judge chose to run
consecutively.

12 In all the circumstances, the question for us was whether the aggregate
sentence was appropriate having regard to the overall criminality in this case
and in our judgement it was. The Judge applied his mind to the relevant
factors and arrived at a conclusion that was within his sentencing discretion
and we see no basis for appellate intervention in the circumstances.

13 We therefore dismiss the appeal against sentence as well.

Sundaresh Menon Steven Chong Woo Bih Li  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Harpreet Singh Nehal SC, Tan Zhengxian Jordan (Audent Chambers LLC)
(instructed) and Elan Krishna (Cavenagh Law LLP) for the appellant;

G Kannan, Hon Yi, Nicholas Khoo and Gerald Tan (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

