Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 232

Criminal Case No 44 of 2019

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Roshdi bin Abdullah Altway  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing]— [Statements] — [Voluntariness]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Roshdi bin Abdullah Altway

[2020] SGHC 232

High Court — Criminal Case No 44 of 2019  
Valerie Thean J  
17, 24 September 2019, 23–25, 30 June, 1–2 July, 17 August 2020

30 October 2020

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 Roshdi bin Abdullah Altway (“Roshdi”) claimed trial to a single charge of
possession of a controlled drug for the purpose of trafficking, under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the MDA”). I found Roshdi guilty and convicted him as charged. The death
penalty was mandatory in his circumstances and I sentenced him accordingly.
These are my grounds of decision.

Agreed facts

2 Roshdi is 61 years of age. On 14 September 2016, at about 6.15am, officers
from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) arrested Roshdi at the void deck of
Block 209B Compassvale Lane. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Agreed Facts at paras 2 – 3 (“SOAF”).

He was carrying a Nokia phone, a set of keys to unit #04-106 of Block 209B
Compassvale Lane (“the Compassvale Unit”), a stack of S$50 notes (later
ascertained to be a sum of S$4,000), and a blue plastic bag containing a stack
of money wrapped with paper (later ascertained to be a sum of S$14,000). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOAF at para 5.

3 At the time of his arrest, he complained of shortness of breath. An
ambulance was called and he was attended to by a paramedic. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOAF at para 4.

He was subsequently brought to the Compassvale Unit where he identified the
room he stayed in (“the Compassvale Room”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOAF at para 9.

4 Various exhibits were recovered from the Compassvale Room. The subject
matter of Roshdi’s charge (collectively, “the Drugs”) were found under the bed
and inside a cupboard in the bedroom, as follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOAF at paras 9 and 31.

(a) 128 packets of granular/powdery substance marked H1A;

(b) 13 straws of granular/powdery substance marked H2A;

(c) 2 packets of granular/powdery substance marked H5A;

(d) 84 straws of granular/powdery substance marked H5C;

(e) 137 packets of granular/powdery substance marked J1A; and

(f) 153 straws of granular/powdery substance marked J2A.

5 In addition, drug paraphernalia such as spoons, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOAF at paras 9(a)(v)(5) and 9(a)(iii)(2).

papers, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOAF at para 9(a)(v)(6).

empty packets, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOAF at para 9(a)(vii)(1).

empty straws 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOAF at para 9(a)(ii)(2).

and digital weighing scales were also seized. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOAF at paras 9(a)(viii) and 9(c)(i)(2)

The search ended at around 8.28am. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOAF at para 11.

6 Subsequently, the Drugs were analysed. The 2,201.22g of granular powdery
substance was found to contain not less than 78.77g of diamorphine. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOAF at para 32.

Spoons, various pieces of paper and three digital weighing scales were found
stained with diamorphine. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 113, 115, 117, 118 – HSA Lab Certificates for Exhibit
H5E, H8, K3, K4

The drug analysis and chain of custody of the diamorphine were not disputed in
this case. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOAF at para 20.

Charge and context

7 Roshdi was charged with possession of not less than 78.77g of diamorphine
for the purpose of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA:

That you, ROSHDI BIN ABDULLAH ALTWAY,

on 14 September 2016, at or about 6.40 a.m., at the bedroom beside the living
room of Blk 209B, Compassvale Lane, #04-106, Singapore, did traffic in a Class
'A' Controlled Drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) ("MDA"), to wit, by having in your possession for the
purpose of trafficking 267 packets and 250 straws containing 2201.22 grammes
of granular/powdery substance, which was analysed and found to contain not
less than 78.77 grammes of diamorphine, without authorisation under the MDA or
the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under Section 5(1)(a) read with Section 5(2) of the MDA and punishable under
Section 33(1) of the MDA, and further upon your conviction, you may
alternatively be liable to be punished under Section 33B of the MDA.

8 Sections 5(1)(a) and 5(2) of the MDA read as follows:

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

9 The term “traffic” is defined under s 2 of the MDA as follows:

“traffic” means —

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning

10 The elements of a charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA are as
follows (per Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters
[2014] 3 SLR 721 at [59]):

(a) possession of the controlled drug;

(b) knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug; and

(c) the possession was for the purpose of trafficking which was not
authorised.

Elements not disputed

11 The first two elements were admitted by Roshdi at trial. Roshdi
consistently acknowledged that he had possession of the Drugs. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 35 lines 12 – 20; 2 July 2020, p 47 lines 20 – 23; 2 July
2020, p 72 line 30 – p 73 line 1.

Roshdi admitted to having rented the Compassvale Room 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 30 lines 12 – 13.

and storing the Drugs there. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 31 lines 7 – 18.

He also stated that the owner of the Compassvale Unit who rented the
Compassvale Room to him did not know of the existence of the Drugs in the room
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 32 lines 2 – 3.

and would not have accessed the room without his permission. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 32 lines 6 – 7.

In respect of knowledge, Roshdi admitted to knowing the nature of the Drugs
that he had in his possession at trial as well. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 73 lines 2 – 7; 2 July 2020, p 46 line 25 – p 47 line 6.

12 The only issue in dispute at trial was the third element, that of
possession for the purposes of trafficking.

Possession for the purposes of trafficking

Prosecution’s case and Roshdi’s defence

13 The Prosecution relied primarily on Roshdi’s statements. Their case was
that there was sufficient evidence to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that
Roshdi was in possession of the Drugs for the purposes of trafficking. In the
alternative, Roshdi’s possession of at least 78.77g of diamorphine brought him
within the statutory presumption stated in s 17(c) of the MDA that his
possession of the Drugs were for the purposes of trafficking, and the onus was
on him to rebut this presumption on a balance of probabilities.

14 Roshdi’s defence was that he was in possession of the Drugs not for the
purposes of trafficking, but as a bailee for one ‘Aru’, intending to return
them all along. He relied principally on Ramesh a/l Perumal v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1003 (“Ramesh”), in particular,
that ‘a person who holds a quantity of drugs with no intention of parting with
them other than to return them to the person who originally deposited those
drugs with him does not come within the definition of possession of those
drugs “for the purpose of trafficking”’: Ramesh at [110]. In that regard,
Roshdi’s evidence was that he was only given the Drugs for safekeeping. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 19 lines 31 – 32.

He invited the court to amend the charge to one of simple possession under s
8(a) of the MDA. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 6 August 2020 (“DWS”) at para 45.

15 The main plank of the Prosecution’s case was Roshdi’s statements. I
therefore deal with their admissibility first.

Admissibility of the statements

16 In the course of investigations, nine statements were recorded: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOAF at para 40.

(a) on 14 September 2016, by Staff Sergeant Muhammad Fardlie Bin Ramlie (“SSgt
Fardlie”) at about 9.00am, pursuant to s 22 of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”);

(b) on 14 September 2016, by SSgt Fardlie at about 9.55am, pursuant to s 22 of
the CPC;

(c) on 14 September 2016, by SSgt Fardlie at about 12.55pm, pursuant to s 22
of the CPC;

(d) on 15 September 2016 by Assistant Superintendent Prashant Sukumaran (“ASP
Sukumaran”) at about 3.26am, pursuant to s 23 of the CPC;

(e) on 21 September 2016 by Staff Sergeant Ibrahim bin Juasa (“SSgt Ibrahim”)
at about 2.14pm, pursuant to s 22 of the CPC;

(f) on 23 September 2016 by SSgt Ibrahim at about 3.11pm, pursuant to s 22 of
the CPC;

(g) on 25 September 2016 by SSgt Ibrahim at about 9.30pm, pursuant to s 22 of
the CPC;

(h) on 26 September 2016, by SSgt Ibrahim at about 2.07pm, pursuant to s 22 of
the CPC; and

(i) on 27 September 2016, by SSgt Ibrahim at about 3.08pm, pursuant to s 22 of
the CPC.

17 The admissibility of these statements, save for the cautioned statement
recorded on 15 September 2016 by ASP Sukumaran, were challenged by the
defence. After an ancillary hearing, I held that the statements were
admissible. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 30 June 2020, p 61 lines 3 – 11.

The eight statements in dispute

18 Roshdi contended that the statements were inadmissible under s 258(3) of
the CPC:

Admissibility of accused’s statements

258.—(3) The court shall refuse to admit the statement of an accused or allow
it to be used in the manner referred to in subsection (1) if the making of the
statement appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, threat
or promise having reference to the charge against the accused, proceeding from
a person in authority and sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give the
accused grounds which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by
making the statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature in reference to the proceedings against him.

19 The test of voluntariness has an objective limb and a subjective limb,
which were stated in Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R)
619 as follows (at [53]):

The test of voluntariness is applied in a manner which is partly objective and
partly subjective. The objective limb is satisfied if there is a threat,
inducement or promise, and the subjective limb when the threat, inducement or
promise operates on the mind of the particular accused through hope of escape
or fear of punishment connected with the charge: Dato Mokhtar bin Hashim v PP
[1983] 2 MLJ 232 and Md Desa bin Hashim v PP [1995] 3 MLJ 350.

20 Roshdi contended that he made the first three statements arising from
inducement from SSgt Fardlie, and made the last five statements owing to
inducement from SSgt Ibrahim. I take each category in turn.

The Fardlie Statements

21 The first three statements were contemporaneous statements recorded on the
day of the arrest by SSgt Fardlie at 9.00am, 9.55am and 12.55am (collectively,
“the Fardlie Statements”). Roshdi contended that he had been induced to make
these statements when, prior to recording the first contemporaneous statement,
SSgt Fardlie had told Roshdi in Malay, “Sekarang Singapore ada undang undang
baru. Itu barang bukan kamu punya, kamu tidak akan de gantung, kamu jangan
takut.” 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 30 June 2020, p 50 lines 7 – 12.

Translated into English, this phrase means “Now Singapore has a new law. If
this thing is not yours, you will not be hanged. You don’t be afraid.” 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 36 lines 30 – 31.

Roshdi claimed that the impact of the inducement had been so great that he was
induced to make all three statements to SSgt Fardlie believing that “because
Singapore now has a new law, and as the drugs did not belong to him, he will
not hang and he need not worry.” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE 30 June 2020, p 50 lines 25 – 29.

Accordingly, Roshdi claimed that the contemporaneous statements had been made
involuntarily and that they were inadmissible in law.

22 SSgt Fardlie and Roshdi were alone at the time of these three
contemporaneous statements. The door was slightly ajar and no one else heard
the two men. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 24 June 2020, p 44 lines 9 – 16.

SSgt Fardlie denied saying those words. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE 24 June 2020, p 50 lines 1 – 7.

23 Even assuming the words were said, I doubt whether the objective limb of
the test would be satisfied. The words themselves did not make it reasonable
for supposing an advantage could be gained or an evil of a temporal nature
could be escaped: Ismail bin Abdul Rahman v Public Prosecutor [2004] 2 SLR(R)
74 at [37]. The statement did not suggest any particular preference or promise
upon any particular course of action, whether explicitly or implicitly.

24 More fundamentally, in my view, the subjective limb of the test was not
satisfied. First, there was no reason for Roshdi to have trusted SSgt Fardlie
or what he purportedly said. At the time of those alleged utterances, Roshdi
had known SSgt Fardlie for all of thirty minutes. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 72 line 29 – p 73 line 1.

The statement was extremely vague. Yet Roshdi did not question or clarify
about this supposed “new law” or how the law could have been changed in this
way. Instead, Roshdi’s evidence was that he accepted all that was conveyed to
him at face value. He had three opportunities at separate points of the
morning to clarify with Ssgt Fardlie, and did not.

25 Secondly, the evidence of the psychiatrist who examined him, Dr Jaydip
Sarkar, was that Roshdi had a suspicion of CNB officers, stemming from a 10
year imprisonment sentence involving the manslaughter of a CNB officer
involving self-defence, and a 12-year sentence for drug trafficking. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB 244 – 245, paras 10 and 20.

In light of Roshdi’s history and personal circumstances, the expectation was
that Roshdi would be sceptical and wary, not trusting and unquestioning.

26 Thirdly, Roshdi gave a cautioned statement to ASP Sukumaran on 15 September
2016. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 76 at line 24 – p 77 at line 3.

On that occasion, Roshdi was presented with a clearly framed charge stating
that Roshdi was liable to face the death sentence. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AB 324 – 1st Charge.

He would be aware of the gravity of the charge he was facing, and that charge
was a clear contradiction to what he had apparently been told earlier by SSgt
Fardlie. No protests were made and no clarifications were sought from ASP
Sukumaran. Instead, he gave a statement to ASP Sukumaran (to which I will
return) which was not disputed.

The Ibrahim Statements

27 The second category of objections pertained to the five statements recorded
by SSgt Ibrahim on 21, 23, 25, 26 and 27 September 2016 at 2.14pm, 3.11pm,
9.30pm, 2.07pm and 3.08pm respectively (collectively, the “Ibrahim
Statements”). A crucial difference between the Ibrahim Statements and the
Fardlie Statements (besides the specific statement/representation made) was
that the Ibrahim Statements were recorded after Roshdi had been formally
presented with a charge and had his cautioned statement recorded. In my view,
this interview with ASP Sukumaran would have fully informed Roshdi of the
seriousness of whatever statement he would later furnish.

28 For the Ibrahim Statements, Roshdi alleged that, before the first of the
statements was recorded, SSgt Ibrahim had told Roshdi in Malay, “Itu barang
bukan kamu punya, kamu jangan takut.” 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 24 June 2020, p 84 lines 24 – 25.

Translated into English, this means “[t]hose things are not yours, so you
don’t have to be afraid”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 42 line 27 – p 43 at line 3.

Roshdi claimed that SSgt Ibrahim’s words had “made [him] calm, so [he could]
say whatever he [wanted]”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 43 line 31.

29 Much like SSgt Fardlie, SSgt Ibrahim categorically denied having made any
statement of the sort attributed to him by Roshdi. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 24 June 2020, p 84 line 22 – p 85 line 7.

Mohammad Farhan Bin Sani, the translator who had been present at the scene at
the material time, did not recall SSgt Ibrahim saying those words either,
although he conceded it was four years ago and it could be possible that he
had forgotten. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 25 lines 1 – 5.

30 Here too, Roshdi’s evidence suggested that he had been inexplicably content
to rely on vague statements made by a person that he had no reason to trust.
SSgt Ibrahim, like SSgt Fardlie, was a CNB officer. SSgt Ibrahim, too, was
barely acquainted with Roshdi at the time that the inducement was allegedly
given. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 24 June 2020, p 63 lines 25 – 27.

Notwithstanding this, Roshdi did not raise any inquiries about what SSgt
Ibrahim had told him. His evidence was that, despite being explicitly informed
by SSgt Ibrahim about the possibility of a death sentence, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 80 lines 17 – 30; p 81 lines 1 – 29; p 82 lines 20 – 31.

he did not see any necessity to clarify about the status of his charge.
Moreover, Roshdi by this juncture would have had sight of the charges and been
aware of the possibility of a death sentence as well. This much was made clear
when he recorded his cautioned statement. Inexplicably, no clarification was
sought. In this case, the assertion, “[t]hose things are not yours, so you
don’t have to be afraid”, was even less of an inducement than that which was
allegedly made by SSgt Fardlie.

31 For these reasons, I held that the Prosecution had proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that no threat, inducement or promise had been relied upon by
Roshdi in giving both the Fardlie and the Ibrahim Statements.

Evidence contained in the statements

32 In his first contemporaneous statement, Roshdi identified the heroin
exhibits as such, and admitted that the drug exhibits in his possession in the
Room were for sale. At Answer 6 he provided the recorder with detailed prices
and weights of the drugs he sold: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

P299, 14 September 2016 at Answer 3, 5 and 6; P308 (Translations of P299, P300
& P301).

Q6: How did you sell?

A6: One packet of heroin is $70/-. If one set it is $700/-. Ice look at how
much they ask for. If 25g it is about $800/-. If 12.5g it is about $400/-.
Ganja also the same, depends at how much they want. $800/- for half a block.

33 He explained at Answer 10 that he worked for a person named Aru: “I only
pack and keep the thing. If someone wants I will send.”

34 Roshdi’s uncontested cautioned statement, recorded on 15 September 2016,
was not inconsistent with the contemporaneous statements, although it excluded
detail of any packing or delivering. He stated that the Drugs were owned by
“another person”. As admitted in cross-examination, he did not explain he was
only safekeeping the drugs, without more. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 60 lines 8 – 12

Instead, his statement sought only to excuse and reduce his role in the
trafficking operations: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB 327.

I am just a worker. I am not the boss. The one who owns the things is another
person. I am just a worker. I do this because I am not able to work outside…

35 Following this, in his long statements, Roshdi admitted that he had
received, repacked and delivered drugs on multiple occasions. In his second
long statement on 23 September 2016, he stated that he agreed to help Aru in a
job which involved receiving and storing drug consignments, repacking them and
distributing to customers, receiving $100 for every “head” of heroin. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

P303, 23 September 2016 at para 21

36 Roshdi’s third long statement on 25 September 2016 was similar, with
details regarding past transactions and deliveries of drugs from Aru’s
workers. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

P304, 25 September 2016 at paras 26-28 and 30.

He also described the collection of money from customers:

I would also sometimes receive cash from Aru’s customers. The amount varies
depending on the amount of drugs they ordered. If I receive instruction from
Aru to collect money from his customers, he will inform me the price per
packets [sic]. For example Aru will ask me to collect $70 to $80 per packet
for heroin, $300 to $800 per packet for ice depending on its weight and $50 to
$100 per packet for ganja also depending on its weight. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

P304, 25 September 2016 at para 29.

37 In his fifth long statement recorded on 27 September 2016, Roshdi
identified the Drugs as ‘heroin’ and stated that various heroin exhibits were
for sale at $70-80 a packet and identified the three digital weighing scales
as intended for use in weighing and packing products. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

P306, 27 September 2016, at paras 45 and 54.

He described the process of packing heroin into straws in great detail and
explained that he had intended to use the empty straws 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

SOAF at para 9(a)(ii)(2) – Exhibit “H2B”

found in his room to pack more straws of heroin. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

P306, 27 September 2016, at para 45

38 In respect of the drugs that formed the subject matter of his charge,
Roshdi identified the specific exhibits, H1A, H2A, H5A, H5C, J1A and J2A in
his fifth long statement as intended for sale. In addition, he explained the
price of the packets marked H1A and J1A, his method of packing the straws
marked H2A and, in relation to J2A, how he would put 36 straws of heroin
inside an empty cigarette box to ready them for sale. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

P306, 27 September 2016, at paras 45, 48 and 52.

Roshdi’s opposing version at trial

39 Roshdi’s version at trial that he was merely safekeeping the Drugs was
therefore diametrically opposed to what he described in his statements.
According to him, he agreed to safe-keep the Drugs because Aru had offered him
money and persuaded him to do so. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 20 lines 3 – 5.

Roshdi claimed that Aru would deliver the Drugs to him for safekeeping, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 20 lines 18 – 20.

and that they came pre-packed. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 21 lines 8 – 11; NEs 2 July 2020, p 23 lines 16 – 20.

If Aru’s customers wanted drugs, he would call Roshdi and either Aru or his
men would come to collect the Drugs. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 21 lines 14 – 25; NEs 2 July 2020, p 28 lines 12 – 15.

Roshdi stressed that he neither packed 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 23 lines 16 – 18; NEs 2 July 2020, p 28 line 31 – p 29 line
2.

nor sold any of the Drugs himself. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 28 lines 16 – 19; NEs 2 July 2020, p 28 line 31 – p 29 line
2.

As such, it was submitted that, similar to Ramesh ([14] supra), Roshdi had not
been in possession of the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DWS at paras 41 – 44.

40 Roshdi explained that the $18,000 he had on his person at the time of
arrest was for a delivery of anchovies that he was expecting from one ‘Ah
Tong’. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 66 line 29 – p 67 line 3.

He had a business trading in anchovies and cuttlefish. His business also
involved selling cigarettes for which customs duty was not paid (which Roshdi
referred to as “contraband cigarettes”). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 14 lines 24 and 32.

Five to six months prior to his arrest, he had rented the Compassvale Room and
used it to run his business. He rented the room because his wife disapproved
of his trading in contraband cigarettes. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 31 lines 26 – 31.

He and his wife lived elsewhere, in a one-room flat they jointly owned. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 30 lines 23 – 32.

Analysis

41 The explanations provided in Roshdi’s statements, which I have elaborated
upon at [32]-[38], were detailed, coherent, and consistent. From the first
statement that Roshdi gave to CNB, at the earliest opportunity to explain why
he had the Drugs in his possession, Roshdi provided a detailed breakdown of
the selling prices and weights of the drugs. There was simply no reason for
Roshdi to have had such knowledge of these prices, if his role was merely to
store the drugs. His long statements, taken after his cautioned statement,
were similarly clear. Pressed in cross-examination, Roshdi acknowledged that
the recorded statements were all “accurately recorded” and “the truth”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 62 lines 12 – 27 (for the Fardlie Statements); p 62 line 28
– p 63 line 3 and p 63 lines 23 – 29 (for the Ibrahim Statements); NEs 2 July
2020, p 45 lines 11 – 14.

In my view, the statements were an accurate reflection of Roshdi’s role and
participation in heroin trafficking.

42 The extrinsic evidence supported the narrative of the statements rather
than that advanced by Roshdi at trial. Evidence recovered in the Compassvale
Room on the day of the arrest suggested that Roshdi had been packing drugs in
the room. The seized spoons, various pieces of paper and three digital
weighing scales were stained with diamorphine. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB113 for H5E; AB 114 – HSA Lab Certificate for Exhibit H5F; AB 115 – HSA Lab
Certificate for Exhibit H8; AB 117 – HSA Lab Certificate for Exhibit K3, p
117; AB 118 – HSA Lab Certificate for Exhibit K4, p 118.

These were explained by Roshdi’s admissions in his fifth long statement that
the spoons had been used “as scoop [sic] to pack the heroin”, various pieces
of paper which Roshdi explained were “used as a mat to do my packing [of the
drugs]” and the weighing scales were “used for weighing drugs” and “packing
drugs.” 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

P306, 27 September 2016, at paras 49-50.

43 In contrast, Roshdi’s trial narrative of how he came to be persuaded by Aru
to safekeep the drugs did not withstand scrutiny. On his narrative, Aru was
returning to India and Roshdi was to safe-keep the Drugs for him while Aru was
in India, promising to return in two to three weeks. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 2 July 2020 p 29, lines 4-8, 11-13, 15.

But Roshdi shared few mutual acquaintances with Aru (“very little links”) 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 52 at lines 28 – 29.

and had only known Aru for about one to two weeks 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 52 at lines 7 – 14.

before agreeing to help him. It was difficult to believe that Roshdi would
have accepted such a large quantity of drugs and agreed to safekeep it for
someone who had, until recently, been a total stranger. On Aru’s part, it was
impossible to believe that Aru would entrust the Drugs to a relative stranger
like Roshdi for an extended period of time, when they had allegedly only met
on an “on-and-off basis”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 51 at lines 2 – 7.

This Drugs were a large quantity and would be worth a fair amount of money.

44 When asked to explain the discrepancies between the statements recorded and
his testimony on the stand, Roshdi’s explanation was incoherent:

(a) When asked why he had said that the Drugs were his in his recorded
statement, he answered that he did not want to implicate the other residents
of the Compassvale Unit. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 27 at lines 9 – 13.

This did not answer the question, because he could just as easily have adopted
the version he used at trial without implicating the other residents. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 49 at lines 14 – 32.

(b) When referred to his statement which specified that he packed the drugs
and asked why he had not mentioned prior to trial that he merely safe-kept the
Drugs for Aru, he said: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 28 at lines 6 – 11.

Arul [sic] did ask me to pack those things but I refused. So when they
arrested me, the things are already packed. That is --- that was why I say I
only pack. What I meant was I only safekeep the [Drugs].

This answer was internally inconsistent. If the drugs had come pre-packed as
he claimed, he would not have needed to pack the drugs; however his statement
said “I only pack”. Asked for an explanation, he only reiterated the
inconsistency.

(c) Roshdi was also asked to explain his inconsistent accounts regarding the
drug paraphernalia. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 61 at lines 29 – 30.

In his statements, he had consistently confirmed that he had not only used the
weighing scales, spoons and empty sachets to pack the drugs, but had asked for
them from Aru. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

P304, 25 September 2016, at paras 26 – 27; P306, 27 September 2016, at paras
50 and 54.

In trial however, he took the position that Aru had simply passed these
instruments (presumably pre-stained with diamorphine) to Roshdi on the day he
was returning to India. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 2 July 2020, p 61 lines 18 – 20.

Roshdi explained the discrepancy saying:

[what] I meant [by my earlier testimony in court] is this is the earlier
occasion he asked me to weigh them. I --- and I told him that I do not have
any weighing machine and I do not have plastic. Subsequently, then he would
--- he brought those things. Upon seeing there are too many, I decided --- I
told him that I do not wish to help him [pack].

This answer suggested that Roshdi had in fact agreed to help pack the drugs
but had backed out at the last minute upon seeing the quantity of drugs to be
packed. Not only was this explanation yet another version of events, it
contradicted both his statements to the police and his earlier testimony in
court. In other words, his answers compounded, rather than explained away the
inconsistencies which damaged his credibility as a witness.

45 Lastly, I considered two positions he took at trial which deviated from his
statements:

(a) He failed to give a lucid reason for the cash he had in hand. At his
professed price of $6 per kg, $18,000 would have yielded 3,000 kg of
anchovies. This explanation was also inconsistent with his first and fifth
long statements, where he stated that he had been expecting a contraband
cigarette delivery on that morning and the money was for that purpose. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

P302, 21 September 2016, at para 8; P306, 27 September 2016, para 56(r).

In respect of the $18,000 in cash, I pause to clarify that the Prosecution
appeared to accept that it could have been for the purpose of cigarettes as
set out by Roshdi in his statements and I approached the evidence on the same
basis. 202 cartons and 13 packets of contraband cigarettes were recovered from
the Compassvale Room at the time of Roshdi’s arrest. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB 267 para 10.

It was clear, in any event, as suggested by the Prosecution, that Roshdi’s
evidence at trial regarding the delivery of anchovies was a lie.

(b) While on the stand, Roshdi contended that he had not witnessed the search
in the Compassvale Room. Roshdi’s first long statement admitted that the
search was conducted in his presence. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

P302, 21 September, p 339 para 11.

This contention was made for the first time at the trial. No attempt had been
made to cross-examine witnesses whose evidence was to the contrary. For
example, SSgt Mohammad Nasran bin Mohd Janburi testified that Roshdi had been
seated looking into the room while the search was being conducted and
witnessed the search. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE for 23 June 2020, p 16 at lines 9 to 13.

These inconsistencies were part of a general pattern of evasiveness, with
Roshdi’s testimony adopting the narrative that best distanced him from his
statements at any given point on the stand. Added to this was Roshdi’s
admission that about “30%” of his statements to Dr Jaydip had been lies 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 86 at lines 1 – 17.

and that he would have lied in his recorded statements if he had not been
“induced” to make involuntary statements: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 62 at lines 20 – 24 (for the Fardlie Statements); p 63 at
lines 23 – 29 (for the Ibrahim Statements);

Q So are you saying that if Mr Fardlie did not say those words, you will lie
to the CNB and you will not speak the truth?

A Of course, I would lie. If I said the truth, then I would die.

Q So you would lie to Mr Fardlie?

A If he doesn’t uttered [sic] those words, I will lie. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 25 June 2020, p 62 at lines 20 – 24.

Roshdi’s professed willingness to lie, coupled with his illogical responses on
the stand, went to issues of general credibility and were consistent with my
finding that the statements, rather than his version on the stand, were
reliable.

46 I held, therefore, that the Prosecution had proven the element of
possession for the purposes of trafficking beyond reasonable doubt. In the
present case, although s 17(c) of the MDA was applicable, I considered that
there was sufficient evidence to prove the charge beyond a reasonable doubt.
In the alternative, if there was not, Roshdi had not rebutted the presumption
on the balance of probabilities.

47 Ramesh ([14] supra) did not assist Roshdi. Its premise is that a mere
bailee does not assist in the onward distribution of drugs for sale. The Court
of Appeal noted at [110] that the evil addressed by s 5 of the MDA was the
“supplying or distributing [of] addictive drugs to others”. The issue to be
determined was whether Roshdi had been in possession of the drugs with a view
to onward distribution to third party consumers. The case is inapplicable to
the case at hand. In the present case, Roshdi took delivery from Aru’s
workers, repacked heroin for onward sale, and also met customers to collect
money. His possession of the Drugs was with a view to furthering their passage
along the supply chain. In my judgment, he had been in possession of the Drugs
for the purpose of trafficking.

48 I would also add, for purposes of clarity, that, in the present case,
Roshdi’s version was that he stored the Drugs for Aru, for which Aru paid him
$200–$300. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DWS at para 22.

By his narrative, he was aware of the nature of what he stored, Aru’s business
of trafficking in heroin, and that he would be thereby aiding Aru by giving
temporary storage services at a fee. In Ramesh, at [115], the Court of Appeal
commented that, where a bailee assisted a primary drug trafficking offender to
safekeep drugs while knowing the latter’s intent to traffic in the drugs, the
offence of abetment by aiding under s 12 of the MDA would be relevant.
Therefore, even if I accepted Roshdi’s version of events, it would not have
been an appropriate case to amend the charge to one under s 8(a) of the MDA as
he suggested; rather, s 5(1)(a) read with s 12 of the MDA would have been the
appropriate amended charge. I rejected Roshdi’s version of events, however,
and therefore no necessity for amendment of the charge arose.

Conviction

49 I held that the Prosecution had proved the charge against Roshdi beyond
reasonable doubt and I convicted him accordingly.

Sentence

50 The alternative sentencing regime in s 33B of the MDA was only available,
where no question of unsoundness of mind was applicable, if I found that
Roshdi was a courier and a Certificate of Substantive Assistance was issued
under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA. In line with Zamri bin Mohd Tahir v Public
Prosecutor [2019] 1 SLR 724 at [15], I considered the accused’s acts in
relation to the particular consignment of drugs which formed the subject
matter of the charge against him. As explained at [37] – [38] above, Roshdi
had packed the Drugs and was not a courier. The Prosecution also informed that
no certificate had been issued for Roshdi.

51 Accordingly, the prescribed punishment under s 33(1) read with the Second
Schedule to the MDA applied. I pronounced the mandatory sentence of death on
Roshdi.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Mark Tay, Chan Yi Cheng and Shana Poon (Attorney General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Peter Keith Fernando (Leo Fernando LLC), Rajan Sanjiv Kumar and Lee May Ling
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Nov 2020 (06:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

