Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 190

Suit No 886 of 2018

Between

Hamid Marine Services & Engrg Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Foo Siew Wei  
---|---  
(2)| Foo Siew Ping  
(3)| Foo Tak Yi  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hamid Marine Services & Engrg Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Foo Siew Wei and others

[2020] SGHC 190

High Court — Suit No 886 of 2018  
Kannan Ramesh J  
9–12, 16 June, 7 July 2020

14 September 2020 Judgment reserved.

Kannan Ramesh J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Hamid Marine Services & Engrg Pte Ltd, is a company
incorporated in Singapore, and was part of a group of related companies
providing various services in the marine services industry (the “Mectrade
Group”). The present shareholders and officers of the plaintiff are Chen Hong
Hua (“CHH”) and her two children, Foo Su Mian (“FSM”) and Foo Yong Yee (“FYY”)
(collectively, the “Shareholders”). The first and second defendants, Foo Siew
Wei and Foo Siew Ping respectively, are sisters and former directors of the
plaintiff. The third defendant, Foo Tak Yi, is the father of the first and
second defendants. While the third defendant was not a director of the
plaintiff at all material times, he was involved in the day-to-day management
and operations of the plaintiff until late-2014. He was, and remains, involved
in the management and operations of the other companies in the Mectrade Group.

2 This suit arises out of the plaintiff’s claim that (a) the first and second
defendants breached their fiduciary duties to the plaintiff; and (b) the third
defendant wrongfully intervened in the affairs of the plaintiff despite not
being a director/officer of the plaintiff – that is, he “acted against the
company [in] assist[ing] the two directors in causing the damage to the
company”. To this end, the plaintiff has levelled numerous allegations against
the defendants including: (a) conflict of interest; (b) misappropriating
and/or failing to account for monies owed or belonging to the plaintiff; (c)
diversion of the plaintiff’s labour resources and business opportunities to
other companies in the Mectrade Group, and in so doing failing to conduct
transactions at arm’s length; (d) failing to keep proper accounts; (e) wrongly
including persons who were employees of other companies in the Mectrade Group
on the plaintiff’s payroll; and (f) deliberately destroying the plaintiff’s
business by wrongfully repatriating the plaintiff’s foreign worker workforce
and failing to hand over the plaintiff’s assets and documents, after the first
and second defendants were removed as directors.

3 The plaintiff claims to have suffered loss as a result of the aforementioned
actions. It argues that the defendants are jointly and severally liable for
(a) a total sum of $1,100,574.36; (b) the value of the plaintiff’s business;
(c) “special damages” (that have not been particularised); and (d) any other
damages assessed and payable by the defendants due to their respective
breaches. In addition, the plaintiff seeks a declaration that the first and
second defendants have breached their duties to the plaintiff, as well as an
order that the defendants deliver up all properties, contracts and financial
documents of the plaintiff which are in their possession and control. The suit
has not been bifurcated.

4 Having assessed the evidence and considered the submissions of the parties,
I dismiss the plaintiff’s claims in their entirety. I set out the reasons for
my decision below.

Background facts

The Mectrade Group

5 The Mectrade Group had its beginnings in the incorporation of Mectrade
Engineering (Pte) Ltd (“MEPL”) sometime around 1975. It is unclear whether
MEPL was set-up by CHH’s late husband, one Foo Sack You (“FSY”), the third
defendant, or both. However, it is agreed that FSY and the third defendant did
enter into business together. They grew their business as close friends. In
the years that followed, other companies were established and became part of
the Mectrade Group. The plaintiff was one such company and was incorporated in
1998. The Mectrade Group comprised several companies; the ownership of these
companies prior to FSY’s demise on 14 October 2011 was as follows:

(a) The plaintiff – the shares were held by FSY and the first defendant in the
ratio of 55:45 respectively.

(b) Mectrade Fabricators Pte Ltd (“MFPL”) – the shares were held by FSY and
the third defendant in the ratio of 50:50.

(c) MEPL – the shares were held by FSY and the third defendant in the ratio of
50:50.

(d) Sen-Hong Piping and Engineering Pte Ltd – the shares were held by FSY, one
Lee Hui, and the third defendant’s wife in the ratio of 55:22.5:22.5
respectively.

(e) Mec-Sin Precision Engineering Services, which was a sole-proprietorship
owned by FSY.

(f) Mec-Con Industries Pte Ltd (“Mec-Con”), which was wholly owned by the
defendants’ family.

6 The Mectrade Group functioned as a group for about 30 years. The companies
in the Mectrade Group, in particular the first four companies listed above,
operated primarily in the marine services industry. There was some overlap in
terms of the nature of the work undertaken by the companies (I elaborate on
this at [24] below). It is common ground that the companies in the Mectrade
Group “shared common resources”, and that there were inter-company
transactions and inter-company billings as a result.

7 A significant part of the business of the plaintiff involved work with Dyna-
Mac Engineering Services Pte Ltd (“Dyna-Mac”). Dyna-Mac is a registered
shipyard in Singapore at 45 Gul Road, Singapore 629350. As the operator of the
shipyard, Dyna-Mac’s business had some 40 to 50 resident contractors (“RC(s)”)
under it who were awarded various projects from time to time depending on the
nature of the skillsets and expertise that were needed. The plaintiff was one
such RC, and was a contractor of Dyna-Mac between 2007 and 2014. The plaintiff
undertook mainly structural works for Dyna-Mac such as steel fabrication.

8 In accordance with regulations issued by the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”),
Dyna-Mac was required to sponsor foreign workers employed by its RCs.
Sponsorship carried with it several obligations and responsibilities. One such
obligation was Dyna-Mac’s guarantee to the authorities that its RCs would
perform their obligations as employers. Accordingly, if the RCs defaulted, eg,
by failing to pay foreign worker levies, Dyna-Mac would be liable for the
same. Two consequences followed as a result. First, Dyna-Mac exercised control
over the number of foreign workers each RC employed for a given project. This
was negotiated with the relevant RC. Second, each RC and its foreign workers
were only allowed to work on projects for other shipyards if Dyna-Mac’s
permission was obtained.

9 The third defendant and the owner of Dyna-Mac had a good personal and
professional relationship. All the projects undertaken by the plaintiff for
Dyna-Mac were supervised by the third defendant. Dyna-Mac was generally
satisfied with the plaintiff’s work. Given the relationship that the third
defendant had with Dyna-Mac and the quality of its work, the plaintiff was
able to secure several projects between 2007 and 2014. The plaintiff’s work
for Dyna-Mac concluded around 2014. This broadly coincided with the removal of
the first and second defendants as directors of the plaintiff.

Foo Sack You’s passing and acrimonious events thereafter

10 Assisted by some of their family members, FSY and the third defendant
operated the Mectrade Group together. They were the patriarchs of their
respective families. FSY mainly managed the backroom. He worked in the office
and handled inter alia administrative and accounting matters. The third
defendant, on the other hand, was in charge of operations. He was on the
ground at the relevant shipyards. The first and second defendants worked in
the office and assisted FSY with the finance and accounting matters for the
Mectrade Group. The Shareholders were not involved in the running of the
business. While CHH was FSY’s personal assistant, she was rarely present in
the office. This was the arrangement until FSY passed away, suddenly, on 14
October 2011.

11 Up until FSY’s passing, FSY and the first defendant were the only two
registered directors of the plaintiff. The first defendant was brought into
the plaintiff’s business by FSY. Upon FSY’s passing, the second defendant was
appointed a director of the plaintiff. The first defendant invited the second
defendant to assume the role after consulting her and the third defendant. The
first defendant did not see it as “natural” for one of FSY’s family members to
succeed him as director because “they were actually not working in [the
plaintiff]”. I understand this to mean that the Shareholders were not involved
in or familiar with the business of the Mectrade Group generally, and the
plaintiff specifically.

12 After FSY’s passing, his shares in the Mectrade Group companies devolved to
the Shareholders. This happened in or around early 2012. It is the plaintiff’s
case that at or about that time, the defendants began freezing the
Shareholders out of the business of the plaintiff. The defendants, on the
other hand, describe CHH as having “[taken] up arms” against them. The ensuing
friction resulted in the commencement of several lawsuits. The disputes
culminated in a settlement agreement being entered into on or about 2 March
2016 between MEPL, MFPL, the first and third defendants, and CHH (the
“Settlement Agreement”). Under the Settlement Agreement, the first defendant’s
45% shareholding in the plaintiff was transferred to CHH. No payment was
provided for in the Settlement Agreement for the transfer of these shares.
Further, the Settlement Agreement provided for payment by the first and second
defendants to CHH of the sum of $1,600,000 for CHH’s shares in MEPL. This
payment was made and the shares transferred.

13 The Settlement Agreement did not put an end to litigation between the
parties. According to the defendants, CHH did not abide by her obligations
under the Settlement Agreement, compelling the defendants to commence HC/S
667/2017 against CHH in 2017 (“Suit 667”). In Suit 667, the defendants claimed
that CHH had not complied with the Settlement Agreement, and sought an order
that CHH specifically perform her obligations therein. In retaliation, the
Shareholders commenced the present action in the name of the plaintiff. Suit
667 was discontinued on 22 July 2019.

Removal of the first and second defendants as directors of the plaintiff

14 As a result of the breakdown in the relationship between the Shareholders
and the defendants, the first and second defendants were removed as directors
of the plaintiff. On 12 September 2014, two resolutions were passed by the
Shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) of the plaintiff in
the first and second defendants’ absence. It was resolved that the first and
second defendants be removed as directors. Notably, notice of the EGM, which
had purportedly been sent to the first and second defendants, was never
produced in this suit. When questioned, CHH simply stated that the notice “can
be found in another file”. This raised questions of whether the first and
second defendants had been properly removed as directors. That said, counsel
for the defendants confirmed at trial that the first and second defendants
were not challenging their removal as directors.

The parties’ cases

15 Given the sheer number of disparate allegations made against the defendants
(see [2] above), I will discuss the parties’ specific arguments as I address
each individual (group of) allegation(s) in my analysis below.

16 In broad terms, it is the plaintiff’s case that after FSY’s demise, the
Shareholders were shut out of the business of the plaintiff. The Shareholders
did not receive “a cent of dividend or salary” from the plaintiff since 14
October 2011, when FSY passed on. They were also never shown the plaintiff’s
accounts from 2011, even after the first and second defendants’ removal as
directors. They only received the accounts in 2018. When they were eventually
provided the accounts, the defendants’ alleged misconduct came to light,
including inter alia the diversion of the plaintiff’s labour workforce,
misappropriation of the plaintiff’s monies, and diversion of business
opportunities away from the plaintiff to other companies in the Mectrade
Group. Further, after discovering that they had been removed as directors of
the plaintiff, the defendants proceeded to destroy the hitherto viable
business of the plaintiff before handing it over in a shambolic state to the
Shareholders. The present suit was consequently commenced.

17 The defendants’ broad case is that the allegations of misconduct have been
made in a “scattergun” fashion, and none have any evidential basis.Counsel for
the plaintiff has incorrectly attempted to shift the legal burden of proof
onto the defendants to “show that they have in fact been honest”, when the
burden is on the plaintiff to prove its case. The defendants deny that they
ran the plaintiff’s business to the ground. There is accordingly no breach by
any of the defendants.

Witnesses at trial

18 In support of the parties’ cases, the following witnesses gave evidence:

(a) For the plaintiff:

(i) CHH;

(ii) Mr Teo Boon Hwee (“Mr Teo”), Chief Marketing Officer of Dyna-Mac, who
gave evidence under subpoena and did not provide an affidavit of evidence-in-
chief (“AEIC”) – instead, he gave oral evidence based on the parties’ lists of
questions; and

(iii) Mr Thio Khiaw Ping Kelvin (“Mr Thio”) of Ardent Corporate Recovery Pte
Ltd as an expert witness.

(b) For the defendants:

(i) the first, second and third defendants; and

(ii) Mr Abuthahir Abdul Gafoor (“Mr Abuthahir”) of AAG Corporate Advisory Pte
Ltd as an expert witness.

19 The expert witnesses, Mr Thio and Mr Abuthahir, tendered expert reports
stating their opinions on the defendants’ alleged breaches and the nature of
the plaintiff’s business. At the court’s direction, they also tendered a joint
expert report (“JER”) setting out the issues on which they had reached
consensus, and those that had to be ventilated at trial. The experts gave
their evidence concurrently by consent following the testimony of the factual
witnesses.

Issues

20 There are two main issues before me:

(a) First, whether the first and second defendants breached fiduciary duties
and/or committed breach of trust vis-à-vis the plaintiff; and

(b) Second, the nature of the cause of action against the third defendant, and
whether it has been made out.

The parties provided a detailed list of issues; to the extent that narrower
lines of inquiry might have been identified therein, they have been subsumed
in the two main issues above.

The claims against the first and second defendants

21 I first address the alleged breaches of fiduciary duty that occurred before
24 September 2014, ie, the date of the first and second defendants’ removal as
directors of the plaintiff, before addressing the events after. As for the
former, the plaintiff’s case hinges on establishing that the first and second
defendants engaged in the alleged misconduct. It is undisputed that the first
and second defendants owed fiduciary duties to the plaintiff up to the time of
their removal as directors, ie, 24 September 2014. As for the latter, a key
question is whether the first and second defendants owed fiduciary duties
after their removal. This is considered below (see [64]).

Alleged breaches of fiduciary duty before 24 September 2014

22 As mentioned, the plaintiff levelled numerous allegations against the first
and second defendants (see [2] above). Suffice to say, these allegations were
disjointed and disorganised. In its pleadings and at trial, the plaintiff
repeatedly used terms such as “failing to deal at arm’s length” without
describing with specificity which transactions/acts fell within the
allegation. The inadequacy of the pleadings was an observation I made at a
Judge Pre-Trial Conference on 18 May 2020 (the “PTC”). The plaintiff was
invited to amend its pleadings to clarify and particularise several aspects of
its claim. Despite taking up the invitation, the amended pleadings did not
address the shortcomings. The plaintiff’s pleadings clearly did not serve the
purpose for which they were intended. Accordingly, I had to parse the
pleadings and evidence as best as I could to understand what the plaintiff’s
claims actually were. This was obviously not satisfactory. In so far as the
events before 24 September 2014 were concerned, my understanding of the
plaintiff’s claims was as follows:

(a) that the first and second defendants were in conflict of interest in
dealing with the plaintiff and the other Mectrade Group companies;

(b) that the defendants (without specifying on multiple occasions which
defendant) misappropriated various sums owed or belonging to the plaintiff;

(c) that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by:

(i) mismanaging the plaintiff’s foreign worker workforce;

(ii) diverting the plaintiff’s business opportunities to other companies in
the Mectrade Group;

(iii) failing to keep proper accounts as directors of the plaintiff; and

(iv) wrongfully including on the plaintiff’s payroll employees of other
companies in the Mectrade Group.

These were, at least in my view, the claims that were discernible from the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), in particular paragraphs 6 and 49 to 51.
I address each (group of) allegation(s) in turn. To the extent that further
allegations have been levelled by the plaintiff’s witnesses in their AEICs
and/or oral evidence, it will be explained below why I do not address them in
this Judgment.

Conflict of interest

23 The plaintiff alleges that the first and second defendants were in conflict
of interest by virtue of concurrently holding directorships in the plaintiff
as well as the other companies in the Mectrade Group, including MEPL and MFPL.
At trial, counsel for the plaintiff repeatedly suggested to the first
defendant that the Mectrade Group was run as one entity, given that the
companies shared premises, had the same officers/directors, and were engaged
in overlapping fields of work. It was asserted that conducting the Mectrade
Group’s business in this manner placed the first and second defendants in a
position of conflict.

24 The allegation is unsustainable. It is common for individuals to hold
multiple directorships in companies within the same group without breaching
the no-conflict rule. The mere fact that a director holds multiple offices in
this manner does not, ipso facto, create a conflict of interest. There may be
cases where holding concurrent offices in two companies represents a conflict,
eg, when the two companies are direct competitors and/or acting in the
interest of one necessarily involves acting against the interest of the other.
That is not the case here. The plaintiff has not shown how acting in
MEPL/MFPL’s interest meant acting against the plaintiff’s interests. There are
two points to note. First, the third defendant had testified that the
businesses of the plaintiff, MEPL and MFLP did not overlap significantly –
whereas the plaintiff’s principal activity was shipbuilding, MEPL was a
manufacturer; MFPL did a mix of both shipbuilding and manufacturing. The third
defendant’s evidence was not challenged. That being the case, it cannot be
said that the companies in the Mectrade Group were direct competitors. The
very premise of the allegation does not exist. Second, due to the nature of
the RC structure in the industry (see [7] and [8] above), the plaintiff’s,
MEPL’s and MFPL’s projects were not easily transferable as between the
companies. The companies by and large were restricted to performing projects
at their respective shipyards. Accordingly, there was little possibility of
competition as between them.

25 However, were there specific occasions when the companies competed? I deal
with this below (see [42]–[53]). But before that, it worth noting that
significant portions of the plaintiff’s case on the defendants’ alleged
breaches rest heavily on Mr Thio’s expert evidence. Mr Thio is of course not a
witness of fact. Thus, in so far as there is no evidence supporting the facts
which Mr Thio relies on to form his opinion, there is an issue as to
admissibility of his opinion. Further, to the extent that Mr Thio has conceded
certain claims in the JER, the same will have to be rejected. These will be
highlighted in the course of this Judgment.

Misappropriating sums owed or belonging to the plaintiff

26 The next category of allegations is that the defendants misappropriated
and/or failed to account for sums owed or belonging to the plaintiff. Notably,
in many of these allegations, the plaintiff did not specify whether it was the
first, second or third defendant, or all three working in collusion, who had
misappropriated the relevant sums. This rendered the plaintiff’s claims
unclear and gave rise to questions over their veracity. The plaintiff must
surely assert against whom the allegations are made, particularly in light of
their gravity.

27 I note as a starting point that multiple unsubstantiated allegations have
been levelled against the defendants. I set out below some examples:

(a) In the first iteration of the Statement of Claim, it was alleged that the
defendants had opened a “secret” bank account. This was eventually deleted
when the Statement of Claim was amended on 9 October 2019 in Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 1). Yet, in CHH’s AEIC dated 9 March 2020 (ie, after the
aforementioned amendment to the pleadings), allegations to this effect were
still made, ie, that the first defendant had “taken away the plaintiff
company’s money and squirrelled it… into another bank account”. When
questioned, counsel for the plaintiff was unable to explain why CHH’s
assertion was made given the aforesaid amendment in the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1).

(b) In CHH’s AEIC, it was alleged on several occasions that the first
defendant “drew out money” from the plaintiff’s accounts for the purpose of
satisfying a judgment debt, but instead kept the money for herself. No
evidence was adduced of such malfeasance and the point was not pursued at
trial. Notably, this point was not pleaded.

(c) In the JER, Mr Thio alleged that he was unable to ascertain whether one Ng
Swee Guat had received salary of $6,691.50. This allegation, however, was not
pleaded. The suggestion was that this sum had been misappropriated by the
defendants, though it is difficult to see how a failure to ascertain whether
monies were received by the said Ng Swee Guat supports the conclusion that the
defendants misappropriated the same.

(d) As pointed out by the defendants in paragraph 60 of their written closing
submissions, other allegations of a similar character were made by the
plaintiff.

28 Accordingly, in so far as allegations have not been pleaded, I will not
address them in this Judgment. Further, as will be apparent from the analysis
below, virtually all of the plaintiff’s pleaded allegations of
misappropriation suffer from a paucity of evidence.

(1) Allegedly misappropriated sums relating to foreign workers

29 The plaintiff claims that the defendants misappropriated three specific
sums, which were to be used to make payments related to the plaintiff’s
foreign workers: the sums are $38,332.67, $32,386.50 and $12,740. I shall
address each in turn.

30 The plaintiff asserts that the defendants misappropriated the sum of
$38,332.67 “directly from Dyna-Mac” – this sum was supposed to be paid to the
MOM for foreign worker levy. The evidence demonstrates that the allegation is
untrue. The documents show that the MOM requested payment of foreign worker
levy in the sum of $38,332.67, which was in fact paid to the plaintiff by
Dyna-Mac via cheque. The Dyna-Mac payment voucher dated 16 December 2014
evidences this. The authenticity of the payment voucher was not challenged.

31 When referred to these documents, CHH admitted that she had, prior to the
trial, not been aware of their existence. She accepted that the cheque
appended to the said payment voucher was for the purpose of payment of foreign
worker levy. Yet, she continued to maintain that the defendants received the
sum of $38,332.67.

32 Next, a cheque for $32,386.50 had been issued to the first defendant by Mr
Teo. This sum was meant to be used to pay the foreign workers’ salaries. The
plaintiff alleges that this sum was misappropriated by the first defendant. I
disagree. The first defendant’s evidence is that she paid the plaintiff’s
foreign workers their salary using this sum. Consistent with this, Mr Teo
testified that he had disbursed the sum of $32,386.50 to the first defendant
for the purpose of payment of the foreign workers’ salaries. Critically, he
gave evidence that he believed the first defendant had in fact used the sum
for this very purpose. This was because Dyna-Mac did not subsequently receive
any complaints from the MOM regarding the issue of unpaid foreign worker
salaries. This evidence was not challenged.

33 The plaintiff alleges that the sum of $12,740, meant for the cost of return
air tickets for repatriating the plaintiff’s foreign workers, was
misappropriated by the defendants. The plaintiff’s payment voucher dated 17
December 2014 demonstrates that this sum had in fact been paid to the
plaintiff by Dyna-Mac via cheque. CHH’s answer when cross-examined on this
document was that “[n]ow I have seen this, but at that point in time, I did
not know”. Notwithstanding this, CHH continued to assert that the said sum had
not been paid to the plaintiff. This only serves to demonstrate the
unsustainability of the plaintiff’s claim.

(2) The remaining allegations of loss

34 Save for an allegation that relates to the sum of $77,638 that needs to be
examined further, the rest of the plaintiff’s allegations are not borne out by
the evidence. As regards this sum, the allegation is that payments totalling
$77,638 were made by the plaintiff without supporting documents. However, Mr
Abuthahir states that this sum has been accounted for in the plaintiff’s
salary records; he appends supporting documents to his report. The plaintiff
has not challenged Mr Abuthahir’s conclusion or the supporting documents he
relies on. Indeed, Mr Thio agrees that the evidence available is not
sufficient to make out the plaintiff’s claims. It must therefore follow that
the plaintiff has not made out its case on this sum.

35 As for the rest of the allegations, there is a dearth of evidence. It is
significant that in its written closing submissions, the plaintiff was not
able to point to any evidentiary basis for its claims. The allegations are as
follows:

(a) That the plaintiff suffered losses in the form of subcontract labour costs
equivalent to $270,909. No particulars were given in the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 2) or CHH’s AEIC. Mr Thio asserts that such costs were
unnecessary without offering a basis for his assertion.

(b) That the plaintiff suffered loss in the sum of $13,347, which were “paid
by Dyna-Mac [to the plaintiff] but not traced to bank statements”. Similarly,
no particulars whatsoever were provided.

(c) That the plaintiff suffered various miscellaneous losses enumerated at
paragraph 50 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), including:

(i) Assets and equipment worth $15,000;

(ii) Retainers/receivables worth $150,000;

(iii) Wrongful transfers from the plaintiff’s bank account amounting to
$500,000;

(iv) Income tax, GST and penalties amounting to $5,000;

(v) Costs and expenses incurred to retrieve bank statements amounting to
$1,500; and

(vi) Legal fees amounting to $3,500.

The plaintiff claims these sums as “special damages”. No particulars were
pleaded as regards each item. Nor was any supporting evidence adduced. It is
relevant that CHH admitted in cross-examination that she had in fact not
provided any particulars or explanations of these claims in her AEIC.

(d) That there were account receivables in the sum of $21,594.17 owed by Dyna-
Mac to the plaintiff that had not been paid to the latter. No particulars were
provided of this sum.

(e) That there was diversion of another sum of “receivable monies which were
owed by Dyna-Mac to [the plaintiff] for work already carried out”. No specific
value was indicated, and no particulars were provided.

(f) That the defendants failed to account for three cheques totalling
$9,699.19 – the first defendant’s unchallenged evidence is that these were
crossed cheques payable to the plaintiff. Mr Thio concedes in the JER that
this issue “has been resolved”.

36 I expressly reminded counsel for the plaintiff at trial that the plaintiff
had to prove all losses it claims to have suffered. Counsel for the plaintiff
acknowledged this and assured that it would be done. However, in written
closing submissions, the plaintiff continued to make unspecific and non-
particularised allegations, asserting that over and above the claims
enumerated in the preceding paragraphs, the defendants had misappropriated
various other unknown sums. In support of these submissions, counsel for the
plaintiff simply reproduced a seven-page long excerpt from the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Sim Poh Ping v Winsta Holding Pte Ltd [2020] SGCA 35
(“Winsta”). However, the excerpt cited describes the methodology for causation
in equitable compensation, and discusses the question of burden of proof on
the issue of liability. The Court of Appeal did not dispense with the need for
a plaintiff to prove its loss (see also Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd v
OP3 International Pte Ltd [2020] 3 SLR 1234 at [7]). The reproduced portion of
Winsta accordingly does not assist the plaintiff.

Mismanagement of the plaintiff’s labour resources

37 It is unclear what the plaintiff’s precise case is with regard to the
plaintiff’s labour resources. During cross-examination, CHH agreed that the
sole basis of the claim was that the plaintiff’s foreign workers were diverted
from its projects with Dyna-Mac to inter alia MEPL and MFPL’s projects. This
was consistent with counsel for the plaintiff’s position during the PTC on 18
May 2020. Yet, in her AEIC, CHH suggested that the claim was for loss of
earnings and profits due to the maintenance of a higher headcount of foreign
workers than that required to fulfil the plaintiff’s outstanding projects.
Counsel for the plaintiff also dedicated significant portions of the cross-
examination to investigating the over-employment of foreign workers. It must
be pointed out that this was not a claim that was pleaded.

38 It is important to remember that the two claims rest on mutually
inconsistent factual premises. The first proceeds on the basis that the
plaintiff has suffered a loss of profits because its foreign labour force was
diverted to projects of other companies in the Mectrade Group resulting in the
plaintiff not being able to complete ongoing projects and/or take on new
projects. The second proceeds on quite a different basis. The assumption here
is that the plaintiff had insufficient projects and was therefore carrying
unnecessary overheads in the form of excess foreign workers. As the factual
premises of both claims are different (and indeed at opposite ends of the
spectrum), the plaintiff has to decide which facts it wishes to advance.
However, for reasons unexplained, the plaintiff has pursued both claims. This
raises doubts as to their tenability.

(1) Downsizing the workforce

39 The plaintiff claims that the defendants’ failure to downsize its foreign
labour force caused it to incur greater costs and suffer a loss of earnings.
As mentioned, counsel for the plaintiff accepted during the PTC on 18 May 2020
that the plaintiff would not be pursuing the claim that there was over-
employment of foreign workers. Yet, during trial, many of the lines of
questioning were focused on the reasons why the plaintiff’s workforce was not
downsized. I raised to counsel the concession that he had made at the PTC and
the fact that the point had not been pleaded. Counsel acknowledged his
concession but continued to pursue the point in cross-examination.

40 In any event, this claim is without merit. Counsel for the plaintiff
repeatedly suggested to the defendants that the foreign workers could have
been terminated when they were no longer needed. Specifically, the first
defendant was cross-examined on why idle workers could not be released; it was
suggested to her that it was “obvious that [the plaintiff] had too many
workers”. She explained that the plaintiff needed to maintain a sizeable
workforce for the fulfilment of present and future projects, and that to
periodically increase and decrease the size of their workforce would incur
additional time, costs and the loss of opportunities. I accept the first
defendant’s explanation.

41 The first defendant’s testimony is consistent with the evidence of the
other witnesses. In particular, the evidence of Mr Teo of Dyna-Mac is
significant. He testified that Dyna-Mac might not issue enough work orders to
occupy all of an RC’s foreign workers. This was because work in the marine
industry, as described by Mr Teo, was “lumpy”, with ebbs and flows. This
inevitably meant that the workers would not be fully occupied all the time.
Unless there was a significant downturn, workers had to be retained, not
released, whenever there was a drop in projects. Otherwise, there would be
insufficient workers when there is an uptick in projects. Further, Dyna-Mac
might not award the relevant RC a project if the RC’s workforce was
insufficient. Mr Abuthahir made a similar point. He described the plaintiff’s
employment arrangement with Dyna-Mac as a “chicken-and-egg” situation. Dyna-
Mac would only sponsor workers for an RC if there was enough work; the RC
would thereafter have to keep its workforce “so that they [could] undertake
work in Dyna-Mac’s shipyard”. The RC could ill afford to terminate the
employments of the idle workers, for it would then be unable to fulfil future
projects when these became available in due course. The third defendant
testified similarly. He stated that once workers were sponsored by Dyna-Mac,
they would remain with the plaintiff until the expiry of the work permits.
Accordingly, he (the third defendant) would re-deploy these workers to other
Mectrade Group companies’ projects if the plaintiff had insufficient work from
Dyna-Mac for them, “so that [they] could still pay them their salaries”. The
argument by the plaintiff in this regard therefore demonstrates a lack of
understanding of the industry and the manner in which labour is managed by
industry players.

(2) Re-deploying idle workers

42 The plaintiff asserts that because the plaintiff’s foreign workers were re-
deployed to work for other companies in the Mectrade Group, the plaintiff’s
interests were “severely prejudiced”. The argument essentially is that the
plaintiff’s ongoing projects and its ability to secure new projects were
compromised as a result. This allegation folds into the broader allegation
that the transactions between the plaintiff and the other companies in the
Mectrade Group were not carried out at arm’s length. I do not accept the
plaintiff’s allegation for two cumulative reasons.

43 First, counsel for the plaintiff suggested that it was illegal and a breach
of the plaintiff’s obligation to Dyna-Mac to re-deploy the plaintiff’s foreign
workers (who were sponsored by Dyna-Mac) to work for other companies in the
Mectrade Group. Counsel relied on, inter alia, the first defendant’s AEIC
where she had stated that the plaintiff could not “deploy its foreign workers
to other shipyards to do work”. The point was, however, clarified on the stand
by both Mr Teo and the first defendant. Both gave evidence that workers could
be re-deployed subject to Dyna-Mac’s agreement. As there is no evidence that
Dyna-Mac did not give its consent for the re-deployment of the plaintiff’s
workers, I cannot accept the plaintiff’s suggestion that the re-deployment was
unauthorised and therefore a breach of its obligations to Dyna-Mac. It is in
fact pertinent that nothing in the record demonstrates that Dyna-Mac took
issue with the re-deployment of the plaintiff’s workers. As for the
plaintiff’s point on illegality, I take this as a reference to re-deployment
being in breach of manpower regulations. In this regard, I note that it is not
the plaintiff’s suggestion that Dyna-Mac’s consent was not sufficient to make
re-deployment permissible. That being the case, the illegality point is not
relevant.

44 Second, and more importantly, it seems the more pertinent question is
whether the re-deployment did in fact cause the plaintiff’s loss, even if
Dyna-Mac did not give its consent and there was illegality as alleged. I
accept the evidence of Mr Teo that the foreign workers, once employed for a
project for Dyna-Mac, would be captive to the project, ie, they cannot be re-
deployed until the project is completed or approval of Dyna-Mac is given.
However, there is no evidence that the foreign workers who were re-deployed
were engaged in ongoing projects at that time. These were underutilised
foreign workers. Their salaries and associated costs would have had to be paid
by the plaintiff regardless. This was confirmed by Mr Teo, who gave evidence
that the workers sponsored by Dyna-Mac were on the plaintiff’s payroll. If the
plaintiff was unable to pay the workers’ salaries, Dyna-Mac would make payment
and set off the payment against sums it owed to the plaintiff.

45 This being the case, it is evident that the re-deployment of workers was
actually in the plaintiff’s interest. This was a practice instituted by FSY –
the first and second defendants merely continued it after his passing. There
was a labour supply agreement between the plaintiff and MEPL/MFPL. The first
defendant testified that the plaintiff would be paid “labour supply” charges
when MEPL or MFPL used its workers. The plaintiff’s accounts support this.
They show that the plaintiff received substantial revenue from MEPL and MFPL
between 2005 and 2013. Mr Thio accepted this. Thus, the plaintiffs were paid
for the use of its workers pursuant to an arrangement that had been put in
place by FSY. There was no “free labour” being diverted to MEPL and MFPL.

46 Counsel for the plaintiff suggested to the first defendant that the
“revenue that [the plaintiff] gained from Mectrade doesn’t compensate [the
plaintiff] for [its number of] workers”. He further asserted that the revenue
from Dyna-Mac was insufficient to pay “the cost of hiring workers [of] about
[$60,000] a month”. It seems to me the argument misses the point. The question
is not whether there was sufficient revenue from Dyna-Mac and/or the other
companies in the Mectrade Group to warrant the number of foreign workers on
the plaintiff’s books. The number of workers employed by the plaintiff was
agreed with Dyna-Mac, and was largely set in stone. If there was a dip in the
number of projects from Dyna-Mac, a solution was needed to tide the plaintiff
over the short-term drop in revenue. FSY used re-deployment as the solution.
His practice was continued by the first and second defendants after his
passing. It is difficult to see how this could have caused the plaintiff loss,
or for that matter how it could be said that the first and second defendants
breached fiduciary duties as a result.

47 The plaintiff also questioned the “basis” of the hourly rates in the labour
supply agreements. In his expert report, Mr Thio asserted that the provenance
of these rates was “not clear”, the suggestion being that MEPL/MFPL were
underpaying for the labour supply. However, during cross-examination, Mr Thio
accepted that he was not expressing the opinion that the labour rates charged
by the plaintiff were “too low”, “not determined at arm’s length” or that the
hours billed were fictitious. He clarified that his point was that clearer
evidence of how the labour rates were charged, eg, time cards, would have been
preferable. However, Mr Thio conceded that (a) he had no evidence that the
labour rates were improperly set; (b) the rates that were used by the
defendants had been set by FSY; (c) the higher labour rates, against which
MEPL/MFPL’s labour supply rates were compared, were an imperfect basis of
comparison because labour rates could vary according to the specific type of
work undertaken by the workers; and (d) he did not look into the labour supply
agreements before 2011 which FSY had entered into. The burden is on the
plaintiff to show that the labour rates were improperly set and invoiced. It
seems self-evident from the above that the plaintiff has not discharged this
burden.

48 In connection with the issues concerning the plaintiff’s labour resources
that have just been discussed, counsel for the plaintiff suggested that the
projects that were taken up by MEPL/MFPL (in relation to which the plaintiff’s
workers were re-deployed) could have been allocated to the plaintiff instead;
the plaintiff could then have performed these projects by using the workers
who had been re-deployed. This is a different point on diversion of business
opportunities, which I now turn to.

Diversion of the plaintiff’s business opportunities

49 The substance of the allegation is that the defendants (a) diverted a Dyna-
Mac project worth in excess of $300,000 from the plaintiff to companies owned
by the defendants (ie, Mec-Con); and (b) turned away projects offered to the
plaintiff by entities such as GSI, ABB, Italmec, Oval and AHE. The plaintiff’s
claim is for loss of profits that it would have otherwise made. The allegation
suffers from a lack of particularisation and evidence at various levels.

50 First, there are no particulars of the projects that were allegedly
diverted away. This is compounded by an absence of any evidence in the AEICs
of (a) these projects being offered to the plaintiff; and (b) the defendants
diverting them away. Counsel for the plaintiff merely put to the first
defendant that the plaintiff had turned down project offers from entities such
as GSI, ABB, Italmec, Oval and AHE. This is clearly insufficient to discharge
the plaintiff’s burden. It is relevant in this regard that there is no
evidence that the plaintiff had any prior commercial relationship with GSI,
ABB, Italmec, Oval and AHE. It is difficult to fathom why these companies
would have offered projects to the plaintiff when they did not have a prior
business history with it.

51 The third defendant’s evidence in this regard is also relevant. He
testified that “there [weren’t] enough projects to go around because… Dyna-Mac
has other contractors… [and] the works from Dyna-Mac [were] actually on a
declining trend”. His evidence was not challenged. I see no reason not to
accept his evidence. This undermines the plaintiff’s assertion that there was
in fact a Dyna-Mac project worth $300,000 that was diverted away.

52 Second, while MEPL/MFPL did undertake projects using the plaintiff’s
workers, there is no evidence that these projects were offered to the
plaintiff. In this regard, the RC structure adopted by Dyna-Mac and other
companies in the industry is relevant (see [7] and [8] above). This structure
meant that companies such as the plaintiff were primarily restricted to
accepting and working on projects in their designated shipyard and could not
hop between different shipyards to undertake projects. Further, as stated
earlier (see [24] above), there is only a partial overlap between the
plaintiff’s and MFPL’s businesses, and no overlap at all between those of the
plaintiff and MEPL. Accordingly, and by necessary inference, projects that
were undertaken by other companies in the Mectrade Group were not
opportunities that were diverted away from the plaintiff. Mr Thio was
incorrect to “assume” that a project could be secured for “whichever company
within the [Mectrade Group]”. It is for the plaintiff to show that these were
projects that were capable of being offered and in fact were offered to the
plaintiff. Having failed to show this, the plaintiff cannot argue that these
projects were diverted, since diversion presupposes that the injured party was
deprived of an opportunity that it could have seized.

53 Third, there is no particularisation and evidence of the loss of profits
that was suffered in relation to each project. There is a complete absence of
information on the value of each contract and the expected profits that were
lost as a result. In the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), all that has
been pleaded is that the loss of profits that arose as a result of such
diversion is “to be assessed”. The AEICs and Mr Thio’s expert report
conspicuously fail to address the profits that were allegedly lost. As the
trial has not been bifurcated, the plaintiff has to prove its case on both
liability and quantum at trial. There is no evidence on the former as noted
earlier. Similarly, there is no evidence on the latter. The claim is therefore
unsustainable.

Failing to keep proper accounting and business records

54 The Shareholders did not have sight of the plaintiff’s accounting and
business records when they took control of the plaintiff in September 2014.
Subsequently, these records were disclosed in the defendants’ List of
Documents dated 24 December 2018, as well as on 17 and 19 July 2019 pursuant
to requests for specific discovery. Having reviewed the records, the plaintiff
claims that the first and second defendants have failed to keep proper records
in breach of their fiduciary duties on the basis that the records disclosed
are “inaccurate” and “exaggerated”. It is relevant that the specific
allegation here is not that the records were handed over late but that they
were not accurate. The allegation that the records were not timeously
disclosed is a separate one which I discuss below (see [71] onwards).

55 The plaintiff relies on the evidence of CHH that she was told by one
“Jackson”, an accountant purportedly employed by the plaintiff, that he had
“quarrelled with [the defendants] because they wanted him to do illegal
things”. This evidence is hearsay and inadmissible. Jackson was not called as
a witness. That apart, when questioned, CHH was not able to confirm whether
there was a person by the name of Jackson on the plaintiff’s payroll; in fact,
she could not even confirm that Jackson was the said accountant’s actual name.
Neither was any evidence adduced recording the existence of such a person, his
purported involvement in the company, or when the alleged conversation between
him and CHH had taken place. CHH simply asserted that such a person existed
and had all along worked for the plaintiff. Clearly, this is wholly
inadequate.

56 In any case, even if the first and second defendants failed to keep proper
accounting/business records as directors of the plaintiff, it has not been
shown that this caused the plaintiff loss.

57 I should add that I do not see why the records disclosed were not proper.
When cross-examining the first defendant, counsel for the plaintiff proceeded
on the basis that the records (in particular the table at page 1014 of the
first defendant’s AEIC) were accurate. For example, counsel for the plaintiff
used the numbers reflected in the records to make the point that the
plaintiff’s revenue from Dyna-Mac had been decreasing over the years (ie,
between 2011 and 2014). Further, it was not put to the first defendant that
the records were forged, inaccurate, or lacking in any material sense.

58 Accordingly, I reject the plaintiff’s claim.

Wrongfully including persons on the plaintiff’s payroll

(1) Chua Ek Kwang and Foo Sack Hoe

59 The plaintiff alleges that the defendants included one Mr Chua Ek Kwang and
one Mr Foo Sack Hoe on the plaintiff’s payroll when they were not the
plaintiff’s employees. The first defendant testified that Mr Chua Ek Kwang was
employed as a driver by the plaintiff, and Mr Foo Sack Hoe, who is the brother
of FSY, assisted the plaintiff in purchasing consumables for the site workers.
Her evidence was not challenged, and counsel for the plaintiff subsequently
stated that he was not pursuing the point. He conceded that he has “no
concrete claim for loss and damage” in this regard. This claim is therefore
untenable.

(2) The defendants’ family members

60 The plaintiff alleges that the defendants included two of their family
members – one Mr Foo Jian Yong (the brother of the first and second
defendants) and one Mr Lim Gee Tong (the first defendant’s husband) – on the
plaintiff’s payroll when they were not employees. I had pointed out to counsel
during the PTC on 18 May 2020 that a bare allegation of nepotism is
irrelevant. It had to be shown that these individuals were wrongfully included
on the payroll, and that this caused loss to the plaintiff. Counsel for the
plaintiff indicated then that the relevant evidence would be adduced from Mr
Thio. However, Mr Thio’s expert report makes no mention of Mr Foo Jian Yong
and Mr Lim Gee Tong.

61 There are two further points. First, the first defendant’s evidence that Mr
Lim Gee Tong had actively contributed to the plaintiff’s business was never
meaningfully challenged by the plaintiff. Apart from putting its case to the
first defendant, the plaintiff offered no evidence to challenge her testimony.
Second, apart from putting its case on Mr Foo Jian Yong to the first
defendant, the plaintiff did not explore the issue with the defendants at
trial. Accordingly, I do not accept the plaintiff’s claims that these persons
had been wrongfully included on its payroll.

Conclusion on events before 24 September 2014

62 In conclusion, none of the plaintiff’s claims against the first and second
defendants as regards events occurring prior to 24 September 2014 have been
made out.

Alleged breaches of fiduciary duty after 24 September 2014

63 As noted earlier, it is common ground that 24 September 2014 was when the
first and second defendants were removed as directors of the plaintiff. The
plaintiff alleges that after the first and second defendants became aware of
their removal, they set out to “destroy” the plaintiff’s business operations
and thereafter handed over an unviable business to CHH. The plaintiff claims
the value of its business, to be assessed. I do not find that the claim has
been made out.

64 Upon their removal as directors, the first and second defendants ceased
owing fiduciary duties to the plaintiff. This being the case, any improper
conduct on their part as alleged cannot be assessed with reference to a breach
of fiduciary duties. A claim in tort, for example in conspiracy, is a
possibility but that is not the pleaded case. The plaintiff’s pleadings are
restricted to breaches of fiduciary duties and/or breaches of trust parasitic
on the existence of such duties. There is accordingly no basis in law for the
plaintiff’s claims against the first and second defendants as regards events
after 24 September 2014.

65 Counsel for the plaintiff argues in written closing submissions that the
first and second defendants were de facto directors after the Shareholders
surreptitiously removed them from the plaintiff’s board. This has not been
pleaded. Nor was it explored and put to the first and second defendants in
cross-examination. It is a belated attempt to shore up a deficiency in the
plaintiff’s case. There is thus, strictly speaking, no need for me to address
the merits of this argument. For completeness, I will briefly explain why, in
any event, the plaintiff’s case is unsustainable on the facts.

Repatriating foreign workers

66 The plaintiff alleges that in arranging for the repatriation of the
plaintiff’s foreign workers, the first and second defendants drove the
plaintiff’s business into the ground. I do not accept the allegation.

67 First, the defendants had no choice but to repatriate the foreign workers.
They sought Dyna-Mac’s help for this. The plaintiff had not paid the foreign
worker levy for the months of September and October 2014. The third defendant
testified that when he contacted CHH regarding the foreign workers, she had
said that “she [had] nothing to do with this”. The first defendant
corroborated this. Their evidence in this regard was not challenged. On 1
December 2014, the MOM notified the plaintiff that the work permits of the
foreign workers had been revoked as the levy had not been paid. This meant
that the foreign workers had to be repatriated. It was the Shareholders’
responsibility to ensure that the plaintiff made payment of foreign worker
levy, as they had taken charge of the plaintiff. It was the Shareholders’
failure to do so that caused the repatriation of the workers. CHH’s response
to the third defendant as set out above exhibited nonchalance. In such
circumstances, it would be incorrect to attribute fault to the first and
second defendants.

68 It is relevant that the plaintiff also failed to make other payments
related to the foreign workers who were to be repatriated such as outstanding
salaries and the costs of air tickets. The defendants liaised directly with
Dyna-Mac to ensure the workers were paid their salaries and other outstanding
payments were settled. The first defendant testified that she did so because
it was “[her] responsibility to settle this project with Dyna-Mac”. The third
defendant similarly testified that “[he] had promised the workers that [he]
would send them back safely to be with their families… [he] recognise[d] [the
workers] to be a huge responsibility of [his]”. I accept their explanations.

69 Second, repatriation of the foreign workers was necessary as otherwise, the
plaintiff would continue to incur costs – such as workers’ salaries,
accommodation costs and foreign worker levies – in relation to them. This was
particularly relevant as the workflow from Dyna-Mac had slowed down
significantly. The defendants testified that the plaintiff barely had any work
from Dyna-Mac (or any other source) at this point in time (see [51] above).
Their evidence was not challenged and the documentary evidence corroborates
their testimony.

70 Accordingly, this claim must fail.

Failing to hand over the plaintiff’s assets and documents

71 The plaintiff alleges that the defendants crippled its business by failing
to hand over its assets. While it is accepted that some chattels were not
handed over, the plaintiff has not shown how this caused its business to
struggle.

72 In fact, the evidence suggests that the real reason why the plaintiff’s
business struggled was the unfamiliarity of the Shareholders with its
business. As observed earlier, prior to FSY’s passing, CHH served as his
personal assistant but was infrequently seen in the office (see [10] above).
The plaintiff’s business was essentially run by FSY and the third defendant
with the assistance of the first defendant. After FSY’s passing, the
plaintiff’s business continued to be managed by the first and third
defendants, this time with the assistance of the second defendant. There is
little evidence that the Shareholders made any effort to familiarise
themselves with the plaintiff’s business at any time prior to the removal of
the first and second defendants as directors on 24 September 2014. As an
illustration, when questioned, CHH acknowledged that she was not even aware
that the entry “BFWL” for $13,500 in the plaintiff’s bank account statements
for the period of 1 October to 31 October 2014 referred to foreign workers’
levy. CHH also acknowledged that she “[doesn’t] know Dyna-Mac at all”.

73 Thus, having decided to oust the defendants from the plaintiff’s business,
it seems inevitable that the Shareholders would struggle. In this regard, two
factors are relevant. First, the plaintiff’s primary customer was Dyna-Mac
whose relationship was with the third defendant. Removing the third defendant
would inevitably mean that projects from Dyna-Mac would dry up completely. Mr
Teo in fact testified that “after 2014, there was no contact person for [the
plaintiff]… [n]obody [contacted] us… [w]e [didn’t] know who to reach”. Second,
the plaintiff’s other source of revenue was the re-deployment of foreign
workers to other companies in the Mectrade Group. The continuation of that
arrangement was not something within the Shareholders’ control.

74 In this light, it is clear that the first and second defendants’ failure to
produce the plaintiff’s financial documents timeously was not what caused the
plaintiff’s business to fail. CHH claimed she asked for documents in 2012 but
received incomplete records. She also alleged that she “kept requesting [the
defendants] to provide the documents” through her lawyers, but the defendants
kept saying they were not ready. Many of the documents only surfaced in the
course of pre-trial discovery (see [54] above). Even so, the plaintiff has not
shown how being deprived of these documents had rendered its business
inoperable. While these financial documents would likely have been important
for audit and/or accounting purposes, I do not see how the failure to hand
them over would have precluded the Shareholders from conducting the business
of the plaintiff if they had been familiar with its business and knew what
they were doing. The evidence suggests that they were not.

75 As noted earlier, the first defendant admitted that she had failed to hand
over chattels belonging to the plaintiff. However, the failure to do so at
that stage was not a breach of fiduciary duties given that, as explained, the
first defendant did not owe such duties at that point. The cause of action is
in tort which has not been pleaded.

76 That said, the plaintiff has sought an order for delivery up of the
chattels that the defendants have retained. In light of the first defendant’s
concession that she retains possession of the plaintiff’s chattels, the
plaintiff would ordinarily have been entitled to an order for delivery up of
the same. However, a prayer for a delivery up of chattels must specifically
identify the items that are ordered to be delivered up. A claimant/plaintiff
must be able to identify with precision the items over which such an order is
sought. The plaintiff has not done so at present, and for this reason I am
unable to make the relevant order even though I am sympathetic to the
plaintiff’s position. I would, nevertheless, strongly encourage the first
defendant to deliver up the relevant assets in the interest of reaching
closure on this issue.

The claims against the third defendant

The cause of action

77 It has not been made clear, even at the conclusion of the trial, what the
cause of action against the third defendant is. The Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 2), even after two amendments, does not disclose a cause of
action: while expressly asserting that the third defendant was not an
officer/director of the plaintiff, it states in vague terms that he was in
“breach of duty”. What that duty specifically is has not been explained. The
relevant parts of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) read as follows:

Claim against 3rd Defendant

The 3rd Defendant’s wrongful intervention in the affairs of the Plaintiff

40 The 3rd Defendant was not a Director or officer of the Plaintiff and had no
authority to deal in the affairs of the Plaintiff or to represent and act on
behalf of the Plaintiff. However the 3rd Defendant wrongfully held himself out
as an officer of the Plaintiff to third parties and wrongfully dealt in the
affairs of the Plaintiff … The 3rd Defendant is therefore liable to the
Plaintiff for his wrongful intervention and conduct in dealing in the affairs
of the Plaintiff and for causing the Plaintiff to suffer loss and damages …

…

53 The Plaintiff therefore claims against the Defendants as follows:-

iii) A declaration that the 3rd Defendant is also jointly and/or severally
liable for

…

d) or such other sum as the Court thinks fit on the ground of his breach of
duty

[emphasis added]

78 What is the aforementioned duty? What does “wrongful intervention” mean?
When questioned during his opening remarks, counsel for the plaintiff stated
that the cause of action was that the third defendant “acted against the
company [in] assist[ing] the two directors in causing the damage to the
company”. This shed no light on what “duty” the third defendant might be said
to have breached. On the fourth day of trial, when questioned by the court as
to the “legal basis” for the allegation that the third defendant had a duty to
pay foreign worker levies, counsel for the plaintiff stated that such a duty
comes from “high principles”. What that meant as a matter of law was not
explained.

79 In written closing submissions, counsel for the plaintiff argued for the
first time that the third defendant fell within the meaning of “director”
under s 4(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”).
There are several problems with this. First, and most critically, this has not
been pleaded. The plaintiff in fact expressly stated that the third defendant
was not an officer or director of the plaintiff. In other words, up until
closing submissions, it has not been the plaintiff’s case that the third
defendant was a director of the plaintiff. Second, it was never put to the
third defendant that he was a director or a fiduciary of the plaintiff. Hence,
the third defendant did not have the opportunity to challenge the assertion.

80 The related notion of a shadow director is a different point. A shadow
director is a figure who controls the company from the shadows but is not
officially a director of the company. A shadow director could conceivably fall
within the meaning of “director” in s 4(1) of the Companies Act (see OUE Lippo
Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway Corp Ltd) and
another v Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and others [2020] SGHC 142 (“OUE Lippo”)
at [101]; Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others (Tung Yu-
Lien Margaret and others, third parties) [2010] SGHC 163 (“Raffles Town Club”)
at [47]). However, it is not apparent from the plaintiff’s written closing
submissions that it was invoking this specific doctrine. Further, it was
neither pleaded nor put to the third defendant that he was a shadow director
or an ad hoc fiduciary (ie, one who assumes fiduciary duties by virtue of
being able to affect his/her principal’s interests).

81 In any event, asserting that the third defendant was a shadow director
would contradict the plaintiff’s pleaded case. In paragraphs 40 and 53 of the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (reproduced above at [77]), the plaintiff
alleged that the third defendant had no authority to deal in the affairs of
the plaintiff. This is inconsistent with the third defendant being a shadow
director. In fact, during cross-examination, CHH played down the role of the
third defendant by repeatedly disagreeing that he was in charge of procuring
projects from Dyna-Mac. A director would clearly have authority to deal with
the affairs of the company (see for example Ong Heng Chuan v Ong Teck Chuan
and others [2020] SGHC 161 at [116]–[117]; OUE Lippo at [101]–[102]; Raffles
Town Club at [45]–[48]).

Conclusion on the claims against the third defendant

82 I therefore find that the claim against the third defendant has not been
made out. The claim suffers from a lack of clarity. I would note that, in any
case, my observations above with respect to the first and second defendants’
alleged breaches of duty (see [23]–[74] above) apply with equal force to the
third defendant. In other words, even if the third defendant did owe fiduciary
duties to the plaintiff, such duties were not breached, and in any event did
not occasion any loss to the plaintiff.

Conclusion

83 For these reasons, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claims against the defendants.
Parties are to tender their submissions on costs, limited to ten pages each,
within two weeks from the date of this Judgment.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge

Lai Swee Fung and Chia Cheok Sien (UniLegal LLC) for the plaintiff;

Choo Ching Yeow Collin and Lin Zhiyi Linus (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

