Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 178

Companies Winding Up No 57 of 2019

Between

| Kho Long Huat  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Jian Rong Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Winding up] — [Share buyout]

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgments and orders] — [Consent order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kho Long Huat

  
v

  

Jian Rong Engineering Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 178

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 57 of 2019  
Tan Siong Thye J  
10 December 2019, 6 April, 13 July 2020

26 August 2020

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Kho Long Huat (“Kho”), commenced Companies Winding Up No 57
of 2019 (“CWU 57/2019”) to wind up the defendant, Jian Rong Engineering Pte
Ltd (“the Company”). The Company’s business is to provide electrical works in
the building and construction industry. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Kho Long Huat, dated 29 March 2019, at para 6.2.

There are three shareholders in the Company. Kho is a 40% shareholder of the
Company while Wang Duan Gang (“Wang”) and Zhao Zhihua (“Zhao”) each holds 30%
of the Company’s shares. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Wang Duan Gang, dated 23 May 2019, at para 22; Affidavit of Zhao
Zhihua, dated 23 May 2019, at paras 14 and 17.

Currently, Wang and Zhao are the only two directors of the Company. Until 16
August 2018, Kho was the Managing Director of the Company. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Kho Long Huat, dated 29 March 2019, at para 1.

2 In the course of the winding-up proceedings, the parties agreed to a consent
order that ss 254(1)(f) and 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“Companies Act”) had been established to wind up the Company (“the
Consent Order”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

HC/ORC 8405/2019.

This paved the way for a further consent order to invoke the court’s power to
order a buyout of Kho’s shares by the remaining two shareholders/directors of
the Company, Wang and Zhao (“the Share Buyout”). However, the parties were
unable to agree on the terms of the Share Buyout and the Company took the
opportunity to renege on the agreement and sought to have the Consent Order
set aside.

3 On 13 July 2020, after hearing the parties’ submissions, I dismissed the
application to set aside the Consent Order. I further ordered the Share Buyout
on terms that I believed were fair and equitable. On 30 July 2020, the Company
filed a Notice of Appeal against my decision. I now set out the reasons for my
decision.

The facts

4 On 29 March 2019, Kho commenced CWU 57/2019 to wind up the Company. Kho
alleged that since the incorporation of the Company on 30 November 2011 he had
played an active role in running the Company and the Company was managed like
a quasi-partnership. Most of the projects secured by the Company were as a
result of Kho’s efforts. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Kho Long Huat, dated 29 March 2019, at paras 4.1 and 11.

The relationship between Kho and both Wang and Zhao turned sour in August
2018. Kho alleged that Wang and Zhao had, in breach of the Company’s Articles
of Association, excluded him from the management and control of the Company
when he was removed as the Managing Director. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Kho Long Huat, dated 29 March 2019, at para 22.

Thereafter, Kho further asserted that Wang and Zhao managed the Company in
their personal interest as they hollowed out the Company’s assets for their
personal gains. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Kho Long Huat, dated 29 March 2019, at paras 25–35.

The Company, through Wang and Zhao, generally disputed these allegations. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Wang Duan Gang, dated 23 May 2019, at para 4; Affidavit of Zhao
Zhihua, dated 23 May 2019, at para 6.

The Company further asserted that it was not just and equitable to wind up the
Company which was a viable business and was successfully run and managed.

5 On 10 December 2019, at the hearing of the winding-up application, the
parties agreed for the court to enter a consent judgment to the effect that
the grounds for winding up the Company pursuant to ss 254(1)(f) and 254(1)(i)
of the Companies Act had been established. The parties further agreed to the
court exercising its power to order a share buyout under s 254(2A) in lieu of
winding-up. The Consent Order stated as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

HC/ORC 8405/2019.

…

1\. By consent, the grounds for winding up the Defendant pursuant to sections
254(1)(f) and (i) of the Companies Act have been established.

2\. By consent, all expenditure of the Defendant save for (i) salaries; (ii)
utilities; and (iii) outstanding mortgage payments, for now, shall henceforth
be approved by the Plaintiff. If such approval is not granted within seven (7)
days then the liquidator or accountant will ascertain whether the expenditure
was for the benefit of the company, if not Wang Duan Gang and Zhao Zhihua will
bear the expenditure. For the avoidance of doubt, this shall include all
expenditure from the Defendant’s (i) bank accounts; (ii) safe deposit box; and
(iii) petty cash, amongst others. This arrangement shall remain in place until
the terms of any buy-out pursuant to section 254(2A) of the Companies Act are
ordered by the Court with liberty to apply for the arrangement to be extended
thereafter.

My decision

Power of the court to order share buyout

6 I shall first deal with the issue of whether the court could order a share
buyout pursuant to s 254(2A) of the Companies Act, instead of a winding-up.
Two statutory requirements must be fulfilled before a share buyout may be
ordered. First, the ground for winding-up pursuant to ss 254(1)(f) and/or
254(1)(i) must be proven. Secondly, the court must be of the opinion that it
is just and equitable to order a buyout pursuant to s 254(2A) of the Companies
Act. Sections 254(1)(f) and 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act read:

254.–(1) The Court may order the winding up if –

…

(f) the directors have acted in the affairs of the company in their own
interests rather than in the interests of the members as a whole, or in any
other manner whatever which appears to be unfair or unjust to other members;

…

(i) the Court is of opinion that it is just and equitable that the company be
wound up;

7 And s 254(2A) of the Companies Act reads:

(2A) On an application for winding up on the ground specified in subsection
(1)(f) or (i), instead of making an order for the winding up, the Court may if
it is of the opinion that it is just and equitable to do so, make an order for
the interests in shares of one or more members to be purchased by the company
or one or more other members on terms to the satisfaction of the Court.

8 In Ting Shwu Ping (administrator of the estate of Chng Koon Seng, deceased)
v Scanone Pte Ltd and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 95 (“Ting Shwu Ping”), the
Court of Appeal held at [42] and [79] that:

42 It is clear from the above that (a) s 254(2A) is not intended to be a
direct buy-out remedy; (b) in making an application under s 254(1)(f) or
254(1)(i), applicants are still applying for a winding up and not a buy-out
remedy; and (c) the court will still have to form the view that the
requirements for winding up are satisfied before affording any remedy at all.
…

…

79 … To our minds, the key question should be whether, although the court has
determined that the applicant is entitled to a winding-up remedy, it would in
all the circumstances of the company be more equitable to allow a buy-out.

9 It was clear from Ting Shwu Ping that the buyout remedy under s 254(2A) was
not a free-standing remedy; it depended on a finding that the grounds for
winding-up had been made out such that the applicant was entitled to a
winding-up. In this case, the parties had agreed that ss 254(1)(f) and
254(1)(i) had been established, and their agreement had been put into effect
via the Consent Order (ie, a court order). This was sufficient to amount to a
finding that the grounds for winding-up had been made out. Moreover, at the
hearing on 13 July 2020, the counsel for the Company informed the court that
if the court wanted to order a winding-up the Company could live with it. The
counsel for Kho responded that Kho could also live with a winding-up.
Therefore, since the grounds for winding-up had been made out, the court’s
power under s 254(2A) of the Companies Act had been invoked. This was not
disputed by the parties. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE, 10 December 2019, at p 1, lines 18–23.

10 Further, I was of the view that the circumstances suggested that it would
be more equitable to allow a buyout by Wang and Zhao of Kho’s shares in the
Company. One of the reasons for this was because Wang and Zhao had indicated
that the Company was successful and still a viable business. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE, 10 December 2019, at p 5, lines 23–25.

The parties were also agreeable to exploring the possibility of a Share
Buyout. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE, 10 December 2019, at p 1, lines 29–32.

The parties, therefore, were given time to engage in negotiations with a view
to reaching an amicable agreement on the terms of the Share Buyout. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Joint letter from Kelvin Chia Partnership and Clifford Law LLC to the court,
dated 26 May 2020 (“Joint Letter”), at para 4.

The terms of the Share Buyout that the parties were unable to resolve

11 By 26 May 2020, the parties managed to reach an agreement on several terms,
including that Wang and Zhao were to purchase Kho’s shares at a fair market
value to be determined by an independent valuer. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Joint Letter, Annex B.

However, seven issues remained outstanding. These were: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Joint Letter, Annex C.

(a) the approach that the independent valuer should take in valuing the
shares, including the basis of valuation and whether the retention sums for
the various projects undertaken by the Company should be taken into
consideration;

(b) whether the independent valuer should apply a discount for lack of control
and/or marketability in valuing the shares;

(c) whether the independent valuer should take into account any and all monies
owing to Kho by the Company in valuing the shares;

(d) what information and documents should be made available to the independent
valuer for the purpose of valuing the shares;

(e) who should bear the costs of the independent valuer;

(f) the timeline for completion of the Share Buyout and the consequences of
non-payment for the shares; and

(g) the scope of the confidentiality clause, if any, that would apply to the
final value of the shares, the independent valuer’s final valuation report
(“the Final Valuation Report”) as well as the working documents and
correspondence with the independent valuer.

12 Thereupon, I directed the parties to file written submissions on the above
issues and the matter was fixed for hearing before me on 13 July 2020. In the
written submissions filed on behalf of the Company, Wang and Zhao also sought
leave of the court for the Consent Order to be set aside on the basis of
mistake and/or inoperability. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, dated 8 July 2020 (“DWS”), at para 14.

The issues

13 The issues that arose for my determination were:

(a) whether the Consent Order should be set aside on the basis of mistake
and/or inoperability; and

(b) if the Consent Order was not set aside, the terms on which the Share
Buyout should be made in relation to the seven issues set out at
[11(a)]–[11(g)] above.

Whether the Consent Order should be set aside

14 The Company, directed by Wang and Zhao, submitted that the Consent Order
was reached based on an understanding that the terms of the Share Buyout would
be arrived at in good faith and consensually, with the parties making best
efforts to come to an agreement. It had not been intended that the valuation
should entail a re-litigation of the matters alleged in the parties’
affidavits or operate as a fault-apportioning exercise between the parties. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DWS, at paras 6 and 16.

In the oral submissions, the Company went so far as to suggest that it was
implicit in the Consent Order that parties were obligated to mediate.

15 The Company further submitted that contrary to this understanding, Kho had
sought to “weaponize” the Consent Order in a “hostile and uncompromising
manner”, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DWS, at para 25.

such that the valuation exercise would become a “proxy battle” for the
allegations made in the parties’ affidavits. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS, at para 22.

The Company pointed out that Kho had refused Wang and Zhao’s offer to mediate.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DWS, at para 17.

The Company also contended that if Kho’s proposed terms for the Share Buyout
were adopted, it would amount to an account of profits 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DWS, at para 19.

and allow Kho to benefit in a manner which he would not have been entitled to
had he obtained the winding-up he originally sought. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DWS, at para 22.

The Company submitted that as a result of the above circumstances, the
understanding underpinning the Consent Order no longer existed, rendering it
inoperative. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DWS, at para 17.

In the oral submissions, the Company also submitted that it would be more
practical for the Consent Order to be set aside, as a hostile buyout would
lead to more protracted litigation.

16 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I did not find that the grounds
for setting aside the Consent Order had been made out. Preliminarily, I noted
that practicality was irrelevant; the sole question was whether the Consent
Order had been agreed to by reason of a mistake or rendered inoperable. In
this regard, the Company’s arguments focused on inoperability rather than
mistake. They were premised on an alleged understanding on the part of Wang
and Zhao, which underpinned the Consent Order. However, the Company could not
point to any evidence of such an understanding on Wang and Zhao’s part. The
Company did not even file any affidavits in this respect. Neither was there
any evidence that such an understanding had been shared by Kho. The Consent
Order agreed upon by the parties, with the assistance of their respective
counsel, also did not suggest that there was such an understanding. In light
of this, the Company’s submission was nothing but a bare assertion unsupported
by any evidence.

17 In this respect, the Court of Appeal decision in Hoban Steven Maurice Dixon
and another v Scanlon Graeme John and others [2007] 2 SLR(R) 770 cited by the
Company was easily distinguishable. In that case, the trial judge had made a
consent order directing parties to appoint an independent expert to value the
shares that were the subject of the buyout. However, the independent expert
valued the shares as “nil”. On a construction of the consent order, the Court
of Appeal held at [32], [38]–[40] and [41] that the trial judge could not have
intended for the shareholder to “effectively give away its shares” as this
would have been inequitable and contrary to the trial judge’s use of the word
“purchase”. Therefore, it was envisaged that the shares would be sold and
purchased for value. Consequently, since the trial judge had declined to
exercise his discretion to adjust the valuation so that it remained at “nil”
value, the consent order could not be implemented and became inoperative (at
[42]). Although the Court of Appeal observed at [39] that “where a court order
is intended to substantially give effect to the parties’ intentions, it would
be relevant to consider these intentions”, the Court of Appeal also remarked
at [37] that since the parties’ submissions “represented largely their
subjective interpretation of the terms of the bargain, it [was] necessary for
[the] court to adopt the tried and tested approach of focusing on the
objective facts”. Looking at the objective facts in this case, there was
nothing in the Consent Order or even the circumstances surrounding the Consent
Order to suggest that the understanding alleged by the Company formed the
basis of the Consent Order.

18 That in itself disposes of the Company’s application. However, for
completeness, I also considered that even if such an understanding existed,
the parties’ conduct towards the Share Buyout and the valuation of the shares
was consistent with such an understanding. This was for two reasons. First,
the parties had in fact engaged in negotiations and managed to agree on some
aspects of the Share Buyout, despite Kho’s decision not to attempt mediation.
The fact that the parties could not agree on all of the terms of the Share
Buyout did not mean that Kho was acting in a hostile and uncompromising
manner.

19 Secondly, it was incorrect to suggest that the court’s determination of the
terms of the Share Buyout would amount to an exercise in fault-apportionment
or a re-litigation. My decision on the terms of the Share Buyout was based on
the Consent Order and what was just and equitable for the parties. Moreover,
even if the Share Buyout might eventually be more beneficial to Kho than a
winding-up, this did not mean that the Share Buyout was an exercise in fault-
apportionment or a re-litigation. It was misleading to compare the proposed
terms with what would have been obtained on a winding-up. In Ting Shwu Ping
([8] supra), the Court of Appeal at [79] observed that in determining whether
a buyout should be ordered, the court could compare the consequences for the
parties in the event of a winding-up as opposed to a buyout. As such, one of
the reasons why a share buyout might be ordered in the first place is because
it could potentially be more beneficial than a winding-up for all parties
involved.

20 I would like to state that it is fundamental that the sanctity of an
agreement must be adhered to and respected. It cannot be gainsaid that the
parties had entered into an agreement that the grounds for winding-up had been
established and that a Share Buyout should be ordered after much deliberation
with the assistance of their respective counsel. This agreement was formalised
into a consent judgment on terms that were to their satisfaction. Therefore,
it was incumbent on the Company to provide cogent grounds to set aside the
Consent Order. There were none in this case.

21 For the above reasons, I found that the Company had failed to prove either
mistake or inoperability in relation to the Consent Order. As Kho pointed out
in the oral submissions, the Company had agreed to the Consent Order on the
basis of legal advice. It could not now seek to renege on it. Accordingly, I
dismissed the Company’s application to set aside the Consent Order.

Terms of the Share Buyout

22 Having declined to set aside the Consent Order, I shall now set out the
reasons for my decision on the terms of the Share Buyout. In determining the
terms of the Share Buyout, I bore in mind the cardinal principle that the
terms of the Share Buyout must be just and equitable for the parties. In Liew
Kit Fah and others v Koh Keng Chew and others [2020] 1 SLR 275 (“Liew Kit
Fah”), the Court of Appeal at [42] observed that what is “fair, just and
equitable” must be decided on the facts of each case, based on the precise
circumstances leading up to the sale of the shares and the ensuing need for
valuation. I shall now address each of the seven issues in turn.

Approach to valuation

(1) Basis of valuation

23 Although the parties agreed that the shares were to be valued as of 14
August 2018, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Joint Letter, at Annex B, p 40, para 1.

the parties contended two substantially different bases of valuation. The
Company submitted that the independent valuer should value the shares on a
costs/assets basis. However, Kho submitted that the shares should be valued on
an earnings basis.

24 In CVC/Opportunity Equity Partners Ltd and another v Demarco Almeida [2002]
2 BCLC 108 at [37], Lord Millett set out three possible bases for the
valuation of minority shares:

There are essentially three possible bases on which a minority holding of
shares in an unquoted company can be valued. In descending order these are:
(i) as a rateable proportion of the total value of the company as a going
concern without any discount for the fact that the holding in question is a
minority holding; (ii) as before but with such a discount; and (iii) as a
rateable proportion of the net assets of the company at their break up or
liquidation value.

25 This passage has been cited by the Singapore High Court in Poh Fu Tek and
others v Lee Shung Guan and others [2018] 4 SLR 425 (“Poh Fu Tek”) at [36] and
Abhilash s/o Kunchian Krishnan v Yeo Hock Huat and another [2018] SGHC 107 at
[28]. As Vinodh Coomaraswamy J explained in Poh Fu Tek at [37], Lord Millett’s
first option describes the earnings basis of valuation, whereas Lord Millett’s
third option describes the assets basis of valuation. It was apparent that Kho
adopted Lord Millett’s first option, whereas the Company adopted Lord
Millett’s third option.

26 After considering the parties’ submissions, I found that the earnings basis
was the fairest way to value the shares. It is well-established that the
earnings basis is more appropriate where the company is a going concern. This
is because the earnings basis reflects the future earnings potential of the
company, whereas the assets basis does not (see Margaret Chew, Minority
Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) at para 4.286).
In Yeo Hung Khiang v Dickson Investment (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others [1999]
1 SLR(R) 773 (“Yeo Hung Khiang”), the Court of Appeal at [66] observed that:

In our view, both the capitalisation of FME [future maintainable earnings]
basis and NTA [net tangible asset] basis of valuations would arrive at a
valuation as at the given valuation date. The only difference was that
different basis of valuation may be suitable for different businesses and in
this case, the FME basis was clearly more appropriate in view of the fact that
the company was a profitable going concern. [emphasis added]

27 Similarly, Coomaraswamy J in Poh Fu Tek explained at [37] that:

… [The earnings] basis is usually appropriate where the company is a going
concern: CVC at [38]. … [The assets basis] is usually appropriate for valuing
a loss-making company or a company whose assets have a readily realisable
value independent of its business … [emphasis added]

28 I note that the cases cited above were decided in the context of share
buyouts pursuant to s 216(2)(d) of the Companies Act. Nevertheless, both ss
216(2)(d) and 254(2A) of the Companies Act pertain to court-ordered share
buyouts. There was no reason why the principles set out in respect of one
could not apply to the other, and vice versa. This was especially since the
court’s overarching consideration in both cases is to do what is just and
equitable as between the parties. I shall elaborate on this further at [43]
below.

29 Here, it was not disputed that the Company was a going concern. Indeed, one
of the reasons why I considered the Share Buyout more appropriate than a
winding-up was precisely because the Company was still viable notwithstanding
that the relationship between its shareholders had deteriorated (see Ting Shwu
Ping ([8] supra) at [79]). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE, 10 December 2019, at p 5, lines 23–25; p 7, lines 20–21.

Therefore, since the Company was a viable going concern, the earnings basis
was better-suited to approximate the value of the Company and obtain a
valuation that was fair as between the parties.

30 I shall briefly address the arguments raised by the Company. First, the
Company submitted that the earnings basis would put Kho in a better position
than in a winding-up, which was the outcome he had originally sought. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DWS, at paras 29(1), 30–32.

However, as I explained above at [19], one reason why a share buyout might be
preferred over a winding-up is precisely because it would be more beneficial
for all parties involved. In fact, the Share Buyout would also be more
beneficial for Wang and Zhao as it meant that the Company could continue its
business as a going concern, the profits of which would be enjoyed by Wang and
Zhao as the Company’s only two shareholders. Counsel for the Company also
submitted that the Company was being successfully run and managed by Wang and
Zhao. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions, dated 21 November 2019, at para 216.

31 Secondly, the Company submitted that the earnings approach was “imprecise
and inherently speculative”. As such, it would result in the valuation outcome
being “endlessly litigated”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DWS, at paras 29(2) and 33.

This was entirely unmeritorious. As seen from the cases cited above, the
earnings basis is an established basis of valuation and has been applied by
the courts in numerous cases. There was no reason to suggest that it could not
now be applied in this case.

32 Finally, the Company submitted that the earnings basis might not be
beneficial to Kho as it would have to include the decrease in earnings
occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DWS, at paras 29(3) and 34.

In my view, which basis of valuation was more beneficial to either party was
irrelevant; the question was which basis of valuation was fairer and more
equitable as between both parties. For the reasons I have given above, the
earnings approach was the fairer and more equitable basis of valuation.

(2) Retention sums

33 An issue also arose as to how the independent valuer should treat the
retention sums already vested in the Company but which had yet to be paid to
the Company. The background to this was that the Company operated as a
subcontractor in the construction industry. As such, a retention sum –
representing a percentage of the total value of the contract – would be
retained by the main contractor and withheld from the Company until the end of
the defects liability period. During the defects liability period, should the
Company fail to properly rectify any defects, the main contractor could deduct
the costs of making good the defects from the retention sum (see Chow Kok
Fong, Law and Practice of Construction Contracts (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed,
2018) (“Law and Practice of Construction Contracts”) at para 8.067). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, dated 6 July 2020 (“PWS”), at para 6(b);
Defendant’s Written Submissions, dated 16 January 2020, at paras 86–88.

34 Kho’s position was that such retention sums should be taken into account as
they formed part of the revenue from the Company’s projects and were the
fruits of Kho’s labour. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PWS, at para 6.

Kho contended that most of the Company’s projects were secured by him. In the
oral submissions, the Company submitted that appropriate discounts should be
applied to the retention sums to account for the uncertainty as to whether and
how much of the retention sums would eventually be paid out. Therefore, the
Company implicitly accepted that the retention sums should be taken into
account in the valuation of the shares.

35 Therefore, I held that the independent valuer should take into account the
retention sums already vested in the Company as at 14 August 2018. This was
fair because the general position in common law is that until such time when
the retention sum is actually applied towards disbursing the main contractor
for the rectification of defects, the property in the retention sum resides
with the Company (see Law and Practice of Construction Contracts at para
8.068; Nam Fang Electrical Co Pte Ltd v City Developments Ltd [1996] 3 SLR(R)
298). In other words, the Company was already entitled to the retention sums
although they had not yet been paid out. Therefore, it would be fair to take
into account such retention sums in the valuation of the shares. As far as the
valuation of these retention sums was concerned, including whether discounts
should be applied, I held that this was a matter for the independent valuer’s
discretion.

Discount for lack of control and/or marketability

36 I turn now to the second issue of whether the independent valuer should
apply a discount to the value of the shares for lack of control and/or
marketability. Unsurprisingly, Kho submitted that no discounts should be
applied, whereas the Company submitted the opposite.

37 The discounts for lack of control and/or marketability were defined by the
Court of Appeal in Liew Kit Fah ([22] supra) at [45]–[46] as such:

45 … [The discount for lack of control] refers to the one that applies as a
result of the minority status of the bloc of shares being sold, which
consequently do not confer on its holder any ability to exert control over the
management decisions of the company.

46 As to the discount for lack of marketability, we use this term, advisedly,
to refer to the difficulty of selling shares in a private company as a result
of the typical transfer restrictions that apply in this context. This
difficulty is independent of the status of the bloc of shares being sold, and
thus applies regardless whether the shares constitute a minority or majority
shareholding in the company concerned. …

[emphasis in original]

38 I shall first set out the principles governing the application of the
discounts for lack of control and/or marketability. In Liew Kit Fah, the Court
of Appeal at [29] and [48]–[49] considered that in determining whether the
discounts should apply, the key issue was whether the seller could be treated
as a “willing seller”:

29 As evident from the decision below as well as the parties’ submissions
before us, whether the relevant discounts ought to apply largely turns on the
question whether the respondents can be treated as willing sellers of their
shares …

…

48 Hence, in the context of a buyout of a minority shareholding pursuant to a
consent order where the seller is to be treated as akin to a willing seller,
the discount for lack of control should typically apply. See Thio Syn Kym (CA)
([33] supra) at [19], where this court referenced the rule that a free
election by the minority shareholder to sell its shares may, albeit not
necessarily, mandate applying a discount in contrast to a situation where
there is no choice on the part of the minority shareholder, which would
justify not applying discount. …

49 Conversely, cases in which the courts have declined to apply a minority
discount for lack of control are often cases where there has been a finding of
minority oppression. As we have observed above, if it is established that the
minority shareholder has unjustifiability been on the receiving end of
unfairly prejudicial conduct, the courts will almost invariably order a buyout
on terms that do not include a minority discount for lack of control. This is
to reflect the fact that it would not be ‘fair, just or equitable’ in these
circumstances for the minority shareholder to be bought out on terms that do
not allow him to realise the full value of his investment; that it would also
not be ‘fair, just or equitable’ for the oppressor to benefit from a buyout on
discounted terms is but the flip side of the same coin.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

39 Based on the Court of Appeal’s reasoning, whether the seller should be
treated as akin to a willing seller is closely-linked to whether it is fair
and equitable to apply the discount for lack of control. Where the seller is
akin to a willing seller, it would be fair, just and equitable to treat the
transaction as similar to a typical voluntary commercial sale where such a
discount is common and expected (see Liew Kit Fah at [47]). Conversely, where
the seller is not akin to a willing seller, such as in cases of oppression
under s 216 of the Companies Act, it would not be fair, just or equitable to
apply a discount for lack of control because the unwilling seller had been
deprived of the opportunity to sell on more beneficial terms, and it would
effectively allow the party at fault to benefit from his own wrongful
behaviour.

40 Similar considerations apply to the discount for lack of marketability. In
Poh Fu Tek ([25] supra) at [38], Coomaraswamy J observed that:

… [There is a] general rule that the court will not apply a discount for non-
marketability when making a share purchase order under s 216(2) of the Act …
The principle behind this rule is that an oppressed minority should not be
treated as having elected freely to sell his shares to a party external to the
company. Therefore, fixing the price for the minority’s shares pro rata
according to the value of all the shares in the company as a whole is the only
fair method of compensating him … After all, an order for a buy-out on terms
is an exercise of the coercive power of the court …

41 The next question then is what amounts to an unwilling seller. In this
respect, the Court of Appeal in Liew Kit Fah held at [34] that:

… [T]he relevant inquiry in the context of a consent order is whether the
party, who the court eventually decides will be the seller, is able to
establish any proven misconduct on the part of the other party in relation to
the affairs of the company, which misconduct makes it no longer tolerable for
the seller to continue on in business as a fellow shareholder. If so, a seller
under such circumstances can legitimately be classified as an unwilling
seller. Conversely, a court-ordered buyout of shares that is made in the
absence of a finding of minority oppression is not, in and of itself, a
sufficient basis for regarding the seller as an unwilling seller of shares. It
remains relevant to examine how the buyout issue came to be decided by the
court under such circumstances. [emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added
in bold italics]

42 Preliminarily, I dealt with the Company’s submission that “vastly different
considerations apply” to a share buyout pursuant to s 254(2A) of the Companies
Act as compared to that pursuant to s 216(2)(d) of the Companies Act. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DWS, at para 42.

The Company further submitted that the discount for lack of control and/or
marketability should only be applied where the grounds for oppression under s
216(1) of the Companies Act have been established. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DWS, at paras 43–44.

43 I did not agree with both of these submissions. First, Liew Kit Fah, a case
cited by the Company itself, involved a share buyout pursuant to a consent
order, rather than the court’s powers under s 216(2) of the Companies Act (see
Liew Kit Fah at [23]). Furthermore, while ss 216 and 254(2A) of the Companies
Act are worded differently, the court’s underlying concern in both cases is to
ensure a fair and equitable outcome. In Yeo Hung Khiang ([26] supra), a case
involving a share buyout pursuant to s 216(2)(d) of the Companies Act, the
Court of Appeal observed at [72] that the “role of the court was merely to
determine a price that is fair and just in the particular circumstances of the
case”. Therefore, the same valuation principles should apply regardless of
whether the case involves a share buyout under s 216(2)(d) or s 254(2A) of the
Companies Act. This was also sound as a matter of policy. As observed in the
Report of the Steering Committee for Review of the Companies Act (Consultation
Paper, June 2011) by the Ministry of Finance at para 135, it is common for
parties to pray for relief in the alternative under s 216 or s 254(1)(i) or
254(1)(f) of the Companies Act. The Steering Committee thus recommended that s
254(1)(i) be amended to allow a court to order a buyout where it was just and
equitable to do so. As the Steering Committee observed, the “mirroring of the
new buy-out remedy in both sections 254(1)(i) and 254(1)(f) would prevent the
parties from engaging in arbitrage between these two limbs”. This
recommendation was accepted by the Ministry of Finance (see Ministry of
Finance’s Responses to the Report of the Steering Committee for Review of the
Companies Act (3 October 2012) at para 49). The same principle applies as
between ss 216 and 254 of the Companies Act. Therefore, it would be preferable
for the valuation principles to be consistent in order to avoid undesirable
arbitrage occurring between the two avenues of court-ordered share buyouts.

44 In this regard, none of the authorities laid down the general proposition
that the applicability of the discounts is dependent on a finding of minority
oppression. Rather, as I have explained above, the courts have made clear that
the critical question is whether the seller should be treated as a willing or
unwilling seller. This is in line with the rationale underlying the
application of the discounts, which is to approximate the conditions of a
typical voluntary commercial sale. While the cases in which the courts have
not applied the discounts are often minority oppression cases, this was not
because of the finding of minority oppression per se. Rather, because of the
way in which the term “unwilling seller” has been defined (see [41] above), a
finding of minority oppression will often lead to the conclusion that there
has been some proven misconduct, thereby making the seller an unwilling one.
Indeed, although there was no finding of minority oppression in Liew Kit Fah,
the Court of Appeal did not stop there; it went further to analyse the issue
of the seller’s willingness. This shows that the court can still decline to
apply the discounts even if the case does not involve minority oppression
under s 216 of the Companies Act. The ultimate question is whether the seller
should be treated as a willing seller, such that it is fair and equitable to
apply the discounts for lack of control and/or marketability.

45 I turn now to this case. After considering the parties’ submissions and all
the circumstances, I held that Kho should not be treated as a willing seller
of his shares. Therefore, it was fair and equitable not to apply the discounts
for lack of control and/or marketability. The key distinction between this
case and Liew Kit Fah was the terms of the relevant consent orders. In Liew
Kit Fah, the consent order explicitly stated that the terms of the share
buyout were to be determined without admission of liability in respect of any
alleged acts of oppression (at [6]). As a result, the Court of Appeal found at
[39]–[40] that:

39 … By entering into the Consent Order and dispensing with the need for the
court to make any finding on the alleged oppressive acts, the respondents had,
in effect, agreed that they were no longer willing to remain as shareholders
with the majority. …

40 In any event, we do not think there is any real distinction between the
situation in Hoban (HC) or Abhilash (HC) where the minority agreed to settle
the oppression suit without any finding of oppression by agreeing to sell out
to the majority and the present case. In both situations, it could well be
said that the oppression action by the minority was commenced on the premise
of some alleged misconduct by the majority. However, once the minority agrees
to dispense with the issue of oppression but wishes nonetheless to proceed to
solely contest the issue as to who should buy out whom, the question of unfair
prejudice (which is essential for a court-ordered buyout under s 216(2)) would
be taken out of the equation. In our view, there is no real distinction
between these two situations. Both sellers should be regarded as willing
sellers for the purposes of deciding on the applicability of any relevant
discounts. In both situations, given their decision to dispense with any
finding of oppression, the eventual sellers had a choice to remain in the
company but elected to consent to the court deciding on the buyout issue.
Without such consent, the court would not have the jurisdiction to make any
buyout order in the first place. …

[emphasis added]

Therefore, the share buyout in Liew Kit Fah was ordered pursuant to the
consent order, and not the court’s power under s 216(2)(d) of the Companies
Act. This consent order represented the seller’s agreement to sell his shares.
Furthermore, since the consent order had been made without admission of
liability, there was no basis to suggest that the seller had suffered any
unfair prejudice or that there had been any misconduct on the part of the
buyer. Accordingly, the seller was taken to be a willing seller.

46 In contrast, the Consent Order in this case did not contain any such
express reservation. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PWS, at para 12.

To the contrary, the Consent Order made clear that the grounds for winding up
the Company pursuant to ss 254(1)(f) and 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act had
been established. Such grounds having been made out, the Share Buyout was
ordered pursuant to the parties’ agreement that the court exercises its power
under s 254(2A) of the Companies Act. The Consent Order merely formed the
basis for which the court’s power under s 254(2A) had been invoked (see [9]
above). In particular, s 254(1)(f) referred to the company’s directors having
acted in their own interests rather than in the interests of the members as a
whole in a manner which appears to be unfair or unjust to the other members.
This amounted to an admission of misconduct on the part of Wang and Zhao,
which made it no longer tolerable for Kho to continue on in business with them
as a shareholder of the Company, especially when Wang and Zhao were taking the
assets of the Company for their personal benefits. In these circumstances, it
was incorrect for the Company to characterise the Consent Order as merely “a
voluntary agreement between the parties for [Kho] to sell his shares to Wang
and Zhao”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DWS, at para 52.

Wang and Zhao could have sought a consent order on similar terms as in Liew
Kit Fah, or solely on the fault-neutral basis of s 254(1)(i), however, they
did not. Having agreed to the terms of the Consent Order, it lay ill in the
mouth of Wang and Zhao to claim that Kho was selling his shares as a willing
seller.

47 As the parties agreed that s 254(1)(f) of the Companies Act had been
satisfied, there had been misconduct by Wang and Zhao. This made it
intolerable for Kho to continue on as a shareholder of the Company. As such,
Kho should not be treated as akin to a willing seller and the discounts for
lack of control and/or marketability should not apply.

48 In any case, even if Kho was treated as a willing seller, I was of the view
that Wang and Zhao would obtain a collateral benefit from the Share Buyout
which justified valuing Kho’s shares without any discounts. This was explained
by the Court of Appeal in Liew Kit Fah at [50] as such:

… Having said that we recognise that in determining the application of the
discount for lack of control, there may well be situations that can justify
valuing the minority’s shares on a pro-rated basis even where the minority
shareholder is regarded as a willing seller …

(a) where the purchasing majority consolidates control of the company …

…

The common denominator of the three situations set out above is that the
purchaser of the shares would be enjoying some tangible or collateral benefit
from the purchase such as consolidation of control, business synergy or in
preventing a competitor from acquiring control. It is this collateral benefit
that provides the principled basis to explain why such a purchaser should not
enjoy a further benefit through the discounts. …

[emphasis in original]

49 In evaluating the consolidation of control, the court will consider the
number of shares as a percentage of the entire company’s shares. This is both
in relation to the shares being sold, as well as the shares currently being
held by the buyer prior to the share buyout. In Re Edwardian Group Ltd; Estera
Trust (Jersey) Ltd and another v Singh and others [2018] EWHC 1715 (Ch), cited
in Thio Syn Pyn v Thio Syn Kym Wendy and others and another appeal [2019] 1
SLR 1065 (“Thio Syn Pyn”) at [39], the English High Court observed at [639]
that “a 2% shareholding will be considerably more valuable to an existing
shareholder with 49% or 74% of a company’s shares than it will be to an
outside investor”.

50 In this case, treating Wang and Zhao as a collective bloc, the Share Buyout
would enable them to consolidate their control of the Company as their
shareholding would increase from 60% to 100%. This is a significant increase
in control as it would give them complete control over the Company. It would
enable them to pass special resolutions, thereby giving them the power to, for
instance, alter the Company’s constitution and reduce the Company’s share
capital (see Thio Syn Pyn at [38]; s 26(1) of the Companies Act; Art 42 of the
Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association). Even if one were to
consider the benefits accruing to Wang and Zhao individually, the Share Buyout
would allow each of them to increase their shareholding from 30% to 50%,
giving each of them the ability to pass ordinary resolutions. This in turn
meant that they could each, for instance, object to the issuance of shares,
issue preference shares, increase the Company’s share capital, increase or
decrease the number of directors and appoint or remove a director (see Arts 2,
3, 40(a), 67 and 69 of the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association).
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Affidavit of Kho Long Huat, dated 29 March 2019, at Tab 2, pp 35–49.

51 For the above reasons, I held that a discount for lack of control and/or
marketability should not apply. Kho was not a willing seller and therefore the
Share Buyout could not be treated as akin to a voluntary commercial
transaction. Moreover, even if Kho was treated as a willing seller, the Share
Buyout would provide collateral benefits to Wang and Zhao, either collectively
or individually, therefore justifying Kho’s shares being valued without any
discount. I should also mention that before Kho was unceremoniously ousted by
Wang and Zhao, he was the Managing Director of the Company who had control of
the Company which he alleged was managed in a quasi-partnership arrangement.
Thus, to impose a discount for lack of control and/or marketability under
these circumstances would not be fair and equitable.

Monies owed to Kho by the Company

52 The third issue was whether the valuation of the shares should take into
account the monies owing to Kho by the Company. These monies consisted of
Kho’s unpaid salary and a sum of $280,000. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, dated 22 November 2019, at para 44(c).

In the course of the oral submissions, it became apparent that Kho’s position
was that these monies should be taken into account in so far as they enhanced
the Company’s assets and thus indirectly enhanced the value of the Company’s
shares. Kho was not seeking a repayment of the monies from Wang and Zhao. Kho
further submitted that it should be left to the independent valuer precisely
how such monies would affect the valuation. The Company’s position was not
that far off from Kho’s; it submitted that this matter should be left to the
independent valuer’s discretion and there was no need for an order to be made
in this respect.

53 I, therefore, ordered that the monies owed to Kho by the Company should be
taken into account by the independent valuer in his valuation of the shares.
The monies were to be factored into the value of Kho’s shares, rather than as
an additional sum payable over and above the value of the shares.

Information and documents to be made available

54 The fourth issue was what documents should be made available to the
independent valuer for the purpose of valuing the shares. Kho proposed that
“all the information and documents [should be] provided and made available to
him including the financial statements and other financial/accounting records
of the Company”. In contrast, the Company proposed that all “necessary
documents and accounts (whether audited or unaudited) of the Company up to 14
August 2018 should be provided to the Valuer”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PWS, at p 11.

55 Kho submitted that documents dated after 14 August 2018 were required to
determine if the retention sums had been paid. Moreover, an “unduly
restrictive” provision would “compromise the ability of the [i]ndependent
[v]aluer to reach a fair valuation”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PWS, at para 14.

The Company submitted that using the audited accounts would be more cost-
effective. However, it indicated that it was not opposed to giving the
independent valuer access to “all necessary documents” without binding the
independent valuer’s discretion.

56 I saw no reason to restrict the independent valuer’s access to particular
documents. The independent valuer should have access to all relevant
information and documents in order to reach a fair and informed valuation of
the shares. As such, I ordered that the independent valuer was to have access
to all information and documents he thought necessary to determine the value
of the shares.

Costs of valuation

57 The fifth issue was who should bear the costs of the independent valuer.
Kho proposed for the costs to be paid by the Company. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PWS, at p 13.

The outflow of monies from the Company as a result of such payment would not
be taken into consideration by the independent valuer because this payment
would post-date the valuation date of 14 August 2018. As such, it would
ultimately be borne by Wang and Zhao, the Company’s two remaining shareholders
after the Share Buyout. On the other hand, the Company proposed that it should
bear the costs of the valuation first; following the completion of the
valuation process, Kho, Wang and Zhao would then reimburse the Company in
proportion to their shareholding. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DWS, at para 56.

58 I did not adopt either of the parties’ positions. Instead, I ordered that
the costs of the independent valuer were to be shared equally by Kho, Wang and
Zhao. Given that the Share Buyout was pursuant to the Consent Order agreed to
by all parties, and the Share Buyout provided some degree of benefit to all
parties, dividing the costs equally amongst Kho, Wang and Zhao was the most
fair and equitable method of apportioning costs.

Timeline for completion and consequences of non-payment

59 The sixth issue involved the timeline for completion of the Share Buyout
and the consequences of non-payment by Wang and Zhao for Kho’s shares. The
parties’ proposals in this regard were quite different.

60 On one hand, Kho proposed that Wang and Zhao be given seven days from the
release of the Final Valuation Report to inform Kho whether they were able to
complete the Share Buyout within one month. If so, they were to make full
payment to Kho within one month from the date they informed Kho that they were
able to complete the Share Buyout and Kho would execute the transfer of the
shares on the same day. Should Wang and Zhao inform Kho that they were unable
to complete the Share Buyout or should they eventually be unable to make
payment within one month, the Company was to be wound up. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PWS, at pp 14–15.

61 On the other hand, the Company proposed that instead of one month, Wang and
Zhao be given one and a half months to complete the Share Buyout. Furthermore,
the Company proposed that if Wang and Zhao were unable to complete the Share
Buyout within one and a half months, they should be permitted to make payment
via 12 equal monthly instalments, with the first instalment commencing one
month after the date that they had informed Kho of their ability to complete
the Share Buyout. Wang and Zhao should also be given a grace period of seven
working days to make the payment for each instalment. Not only that, Kho was
to execute the transfer of the shares to Wang and Zhao within seven working
days of the receipt of the first monthly instalment. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PWS, at p 15; DWS, at para 59.

The Company submitted that its proposal was more realistic and would avoid the
“overly drastic consequence” of a winding-up. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DWS, at paras 58 and 60.

62 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I held that Wang and Zhao were
to notify Kho within seven days of the release of the Final Valuation Report
whether they could complete the Share Buyout within two months. If so, they
were to make full payment within two months of the date of notification, and
Kho was to execute the transfer of the shares on the same day of the full
payment. If Wang and Zhao informed Kho that they could not complete the Share
Buyout within two months, or they were ultimately unable to make full payment
within two months, the Company would be wound up.

63 In coming to this decision, I considered that this was the best way to
facilitate a clean break between the parties, while giving Wang and Zhao
sufficient time to get their financial affairs in order. As pointed out by Kho
in the course of oral submissions, Wang and Zhao should have known since the
making of the Consent Order that the Share Buyout was a distinct eventuality.
Furthermore, the period of valuation would also give Wang and Zhao additional
time of a few months to obtain the money required for payment. Moreover, the
Company’s proposal was not even-handed. Not only would Kho bear the risk of
non-payment by Wang and Zhao, the lack of an interest provision meant that Kho
would also suffer loss in terms of the time value of money.

64 I also took my cue from other cases where the court had made similar
orders. For example, in Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another
[2010] 2 SLR 776, the Court of Appeal at [132] gave the respondent 14 days
from the receipt of the valuation report to decide whether to purchase the
appellant’s shares. If so, the purchase was to be completed within three
months of such decision. If not, then the appellant could wind up the company.

Confidentiality clause

65 The seventh and final issue was the scope of the confidentiality clause
that would apply to the final value of the shares, the Final Valuation Report
as well as the working documents and correspondence with the independent
valuer. The Company proposed a clause stating that the parties would not
reveal or use any information or document obtained other than for the purpose
of the valuation, and that the terms of the Final Valuation Order as well as
all working documents and correspondence with the independent valuer were to
be kept strictly confidential. Kho submitted that no confidentiality clause
was required, or that a standard confidentiality clause would suffice. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PWS, at p 18; DWS, at para 61.

66 In my view, the terms contained in the clause proposed by the Company were
much too broad. Any documents of the Company containing sensitive commercial
information would already be confidential and thereby protected. This was an
open court hearing and a matter of public record. Therefore, I held that no
confidentiality clause was required.

Summary of findings

67 In summary, I decided as follows:

(a) I did not set aside the Consent Order as the Company had failed to prove
the grounds of mistake and/or inoperability.

(b) Kho’s shares were to be valued on an earnings basis, and the independent
valuer was to take into account the retention sums vested in the Company as at
14 August 2018 even if they had not yet been paid out to the Company.

(c) No discount for lack of control and/or marketability was to apply to the
value of Kho’s shares.

(d) The independent valuer was to take into account any and all monies owing
to Kho by the Company in valuing the shares in so far as such sums enhanced
the value of the Company and thereby enhanced the value of Kho’s shares. These
sums were not to be payable by Wang and Zhao over and above the value of Kho’s
shares.

(e) The independent valuer shall have access to all information and documents
he thought necessary to determine the value of the shares.

(f) The costs of the independent valuer would be borne by Kho, Wang and Zhao
equally.

(g) Wang and Zhao would have seven days from the release of the Final
Valuation Report to notify Kho whether they could complete the Share Buyout
within two months. If so, they were to make full payment within two months of
the date of notification, and Kho was to execute the transfer of the shares on
the same day. If Wang and Zhao informed Kho that they could not complete the
Share Buyout within two months, or they were ultimately unable to make full
payment within two months, the Company would be wound up.

(h) No confidentiality clause was required.

Costs

68 At the end of the hearing, I ordered that Wang and Zhao were to personally
pay to Kho costs of $15,000 in addition to disbursements, as I had adopted
most of Kho’s proposals in relation to the terms of the Share Buyout.

69 I dealt first with the quantum. Appendix G to the Supreme Court Practice
Directions provides that for contentious originating summons before the High
Court without cross-examination and with Digital Transcription Service, party-
to-party costs should be $15,000 per day. I considered that prior to the half-
day hearing on 13 July 2020, there had been two other hearings on 6 April 2020
and 10 December 2019, which lasted one hour and two hours respectively. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PWS, at Annex 2, p 37.

Put together, this amounted to approximately one day’s worth of hearings.
Further, two hearings which had been fixed on 13 August 2019 and 25 November
2019 had been vacated on the day itself. This meant that Kho would have had
wasted time and costs spent preparing for these hearings. Thus, $15,000 in
addition to disbursements was appropriate.

70 Next, I also ordered that Wang and Zhao personally bear these costs as the
directors of the Company. The law on costs against non-parties is relatively
settled, most recently summarised by the Court of Appeal in SIC College of
Business and Technology Pte Ltd v Yeo Poh Siah and others [2016] 2 SLR 118
(“SIC College”), citing its previous decision in DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v
Consult Asia Pte Ltd and another appeal [2010] 3 SLR 542 (“DB Trustees”). In
SIC College at [89], [90] and [93], the Court of Appeal stated the following:

89 The leading Singapore authority on when non-party costs should be ordered
is this court’s decision in DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v Consult Asia Pte Ltd
[2010] 3 SLR 542 (“DB Trustees”), in which the following general principles
were summarised:

(a) A court is not precluded from awarding costs in favour of or against a
third party (at [23]).

(b) Such costs orders are exceptional in the sense that it is outside the
ordinary run of cases where parties pursue or defend claims for their own
benefit and at their own expense – the ultimate question is whether in all the
circumstances it is just to make the order (at [26]–[27]) …

(c) There are two factors, among the myriad of possibly relevant
considerations, that ought to almost always be present to make it just to
award costs against a non-party, even though they do not necessarily have to
be present (see generally at [29]–[36]):

(i) There must be a close connection between the non-party and the proceedings
– it is sufficient that the non-party either funds or controls legal
proceedings with the intention of ultimately deriving a benefit from them –
and whether there is a close connection depends on the facts of the case (at
[30] and [34]).

(ii) The non-party must have caused the incurring of the costs – it would not
be fair to order costs against the non-party if the litigant would have
incurred the costs regardless (at [35]).

90 Some clarification was provided by this court in Maryani Sadeli v Arjun
Permanand Samtani [2015] 1 SLR 496 (at [66]) where it was stated that the two
factors in DB Trustees are by no means conclusive and the award of costs is
ultimately a matter of discretion.

…

93 Whilst impropriety or bad faith on the directors’ or shareholders’ part in
causing the company to bring proceedings is an important factor in deciding
whether they should be made personally liable for costs, we should emphasise
that there is no strict requirement that such elements should be made out
before an order can be made. … The lodestar is always whether it is just to do
so in all the circumstances of the case concerned.

[emphasis in original]

71 In this case, I considered it just to order costs against Wang and Zhao
personally. Critically, although the proceedings began as a winding-up
application against the Company, the remedy ordered was the Share Buyout,
which operated as between Kho, Wang and Zhao. Most of the dispute revolved
around the terms of the Share Buyout, which would directly impact Wang and
Zhao as the potential purchasers of Kho’s shares. In effect, therefore, once
the Consent Order was made, the proceedings involved essentially only Kho,
Wang and Zhao.

72 The two factors set out by the Court of Appeal in DB Trustees and SIC
College were also fulfilled. There was clearly a close connection between the
proceedings and Wang and Zhao. They were the purchasers of the shares under
the Share Buyout. Moreover, as the Company’s directors, Wang and Zhao
controlled the proceedings with the intention of ultimately deriving a benefit
from them, namely, their acquisition of Kho’s shares on beneficial terms. By
the same reasoning, Wang and Zhao also caused the costs to be incurred. As
noted by the Court of Appeal in DB Trustees at [35]:

… Of course, this factor [of causation] may be established by the very same
facts which go toward the establishment of the first factor, ie, a close
connection between the non-party and the proceedings. …

73 Therefore, it was just in all the circumstances to order Wang and Zhao to
personally bear the costs of the action.

Conclusion

74 For the above reasons, I dismissed the Company’s application to set aside
the Consent Order and determined the terms of the Share Buyout as detailed
above. I also awarded costs of $15,000 in addition to disbursements to Kho,
which were to be personally borne by Wang and Zhao.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Calvin Liang (Essex Court Chambers Duxton (Singapore Group Practice))
(instructed), Thio Ying Ying, Khoo Shuzhen Jolyn and Kuan Ling Hui Amy (Kelvin
Chia Partnership) for the plaintiff;

Choo Zheng Xi and Wong Thai Yong (Peter Low & Choo LLC) (instructed), Choy
Wing Kin Montague (Clifford Law LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

