Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCF 2

Divorce (Transferred) No 1677 of 2016; Summons No 190 of 2019

Between

| VDZ  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| VEA  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgments and orders] — [Enforcement]

[Contempt of Court] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

[Family Law] — [Custody] — [Care and control]

[Family Law] — [Custody] — [Access]

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Insurance moneys]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VDZ

  

v

  

VEA

[2020] SGHCF 2

High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred) No 1677 of 2016; Summons
No 190 of 2019  
Debbie Ong J  
14, 19, 22 November 2018, 25 April, 8, 11, 25 July, 30 August, 19 September,
23, 29 October, 28 November 2019

10 January 2020

Debbie Ong J:

1 The plaintiff (“the Wife”) and the defendant (“the Husband”) were married on
6 June 1998. They have two children: a daughter who is now 15 years old (“the
Daughter”) and a son who is now 9 years old (“the Son”). The Wife commenced
divorce proceedings in April 2016, and the interim judgment of divorce was
granted on 2 October 2017.

2 I delivered my decisions on the children’s issues on 11 July 2019 and the
division of matrimonial assets (“MAs”) and maintenance on 30 August 2019. The
final judgment of divorce was granted on 30 September 2019, and neither party
has appealed against those decisions. There is instead now an appeal by the
Wife against my decision in Summons No 190 of 2019 (“SUM 190/2019”) on 23
October 2019 sentencing her to one week’s imprisonment for contempt of court.

3 These grounds of decision will address my decision in SUM 190/2019 and seek
also to provide some guidance in the area of high-conflict family disputes
involving children as well as certain aspects of the law on division of MAs
and maintenance.

Background

4 The Wife commenced divorce proceedings in April 2016 on the basis of the
Husband’s behaviour, which the Husband did not contest. The Husband filed a
counterclaim on the basis that the Wife had an adulterous relationship with
one “R”, who was the Wife’s colleague and friend. The Wife contested the
Husband’s counterclaim and the matter was heard over the course of a five-day
trial. The district judge (“DJ’) found that the Husband had failed to prove
that the Wife had committed adultery and dismissed his counterclaim. The
divorce was granted on the Wife’s claim.

5 Notwithstanding the DJ’s finding, R was a key figure in the proceedings. He
continued to appear at multiple hearings even after the Husband’s claim was
dismissed, as he said he had to assist the Wife, even though he was reminded
that he was not involved in the ancillary matters. It also emerged that he had
assisted the Wife in the preparation of her affidavits. The extent to which he
appeared to be involved in the family was deeply troubling.

6 In fact, the present state of affairs may to a large extent be traced back
to R’s role in the family. The parties’ initial separation appeared to be
relatively peaceable where both parties agreed on joint custody of the two
children, with care and control to the Wife and reasonable access to the
Husband. The Husband moved out of the matrimonial home in July 2016 but
continued to see the children regularly. By this time, R was already close to
the Wife and the children.

7 In October 2016, the Wife was diagnosed with breast cancer. R’s influence
over the Wife may have increased at this point because he claimed that he
could heal her (even though he had no medical training). He moved into the
family home with the Wife and children. The Husband raised objections about
R’s presence in the home as he was especially concerned about R’s close
relationship with the Daughter, who was then 12 years old; he applied to vary
the interim care and control order. On 4 September 2017, the DJ affirmed that
the Wife would continue to have care and control of the children, but ordered
that she “shall not allow any third party to reside in the matrimonial home
without the prior written consent of the [Husband] pending the outcome of the
ancillary matters hearing”.

8 The Wife then employed R as her “executive personal assistant”. She
initially paid him $8,500 a month, which increased in 2018 when she hired him
to “remove (her) tumours” and paid him $15,000 a month. This consisted of
payouts from her medical insurance. She even contributed to his Central
Provident Fund (“CPF”) account. She also claimed that she took loans from him
which she had to repay. This had an impact on the division of MAs and
maintenance (see [55] and [66] below).

9 Of importance is the fact that prior to late 2017, the Husband and children
shared a good relationship. Reports from counsellors from as late as August
2017 showed that the children equally enjoyed spending time with the Husband
and the Wife. While they wanted to live with the Wife, especially after her
diagnosis, they also wanted to spend time with the Husband.

10 In February 2018, the Wife wrote a letter to the court that included
graphic details about a “home mastectomy” that she claimed R had performed on
her. There were suggestions that the children were present at or at least
aware of these “operations”, which took place in the matrimonial home.
Photographs depicted large wounds on the Wife’s chest and pieces of what she
claimed were tumours that had been removed from her body. Concerned about the
safety of the children, the Husband applied for a personal protection order
(“PPO”) on behalf of the children against the Wife and for interim care and
control of the children. The Wife responded by filing her own application for
a PPO.

11 Both PPO applications were dismissed, but they appear to have contributed
significantly to the breakdown of the relationship between the Husband and the
children. The children have had minimal contact with the Husband since March
2018. R appeared at several of the scheduled handover sessions for the
Husband’s access. The children were resistant to spending time with the
Husband. On 27 June 2018, out of concern for the problematic handover
experiences, the DJ ordered that “R is not to stay with the children and is to
leave the premises once the [Husband] is sighted.”

Care and control and access

HCF/RAS 24/2018

12 The parties first appeared before me in Registrar’s Appeal (from the Family
Justice Courts) No 24 of 2018 (“HCF/RAS 24/2018”). This was the Wife’s appeal
against the DJ’s decision to award interim care and control to the Husband. In
the decision, the DJ was clearly troubled that the children were exposed to
the “home surgeries” and by the extent of R’s influence over them.

13 What was especially troubling was the extent to which the Wife and R
embroiled the children in the conflict. The DJ found that the Wife did not
appreciate the adverse effects of exposing the children to the ongoing
litigation. In fact, the Wife stated that she saw nothing wrong with the
children being aware of what was happening. From March 2018 onwards, after the
Husband’s application for interim care and control, both children filed
multiple affidavits that repeated the allegations the Wife made against the
Husband. They stated that they wanted the Wife to have sole custody, care and
control of them, and for the Husband to pay their maintenance in a lump sum so
that they would have no contact at all with him.

14 The contents of the children’s affidavits were greatly disturbing. They
echoed biblical references and phrases used by the Wife and R in their own
affidavits. They also repeated the Wife’s allegations against the Husband; for
example, they called their father a “Mega-evolved Sexual Fetishist womanising
pervert” and referred to him as part of the “Evil Trio”. This was in stark
contrast to their attitude towards the Husband a mere seven months before.

15 I set out a paragraph that appears at the start of both children’s first
affidavits:

This is not the first time we wrote to the Family Court. In our previous
letter to the judges, we know that Daddy’s lawyer [QW] said that Mummy forced
us to write those letters to support her. [QW] said that the letters were not
written by us. The thing is, we want to tell the Family Court Judges that
those letters were from us … So we decided that we tell the judges what we
really want. The words in here are from [us], but were make more clearly by
Uncle [R]. Obviously we cant express ourselves well, because we are children.
We tell Uncle [R] what to type and he makes it more clearly in writing. We
confirm that what was written in here is what we want in our heart.

[emphasis added]

The text and tone of the affidavits were clear evidence of the influence that
the Wife and R held over the children and the way they had enmeshed the
children in the proceedings. Given the clear admission that these affidavits
were drafted by R, they were wholly disregarded.

16 The DJ had expressed concerns about R’s influence over the children. The
Wife, through her counsel, told the court at the hearing for HCF/RAS 24/2018
that R was no longer involved with the family. The extent of her reliance and
trust in R made this assertion difficult to believe. I was not prepared to
accept that R was no longer involved in the family just because the Wife said
so to her counsel. I found that the DJ’s decision to award care and control to
the Husband was correct. The children enjoyed a loving relationship with their
father some months before, and should be allowed to rebuild their relationship
with their father. This did not seem possible unless they were removed from
the Wife, whom I believed continued to allow R to be a part of their lives. I
fixed a date and time for the handover of the children. I ordered the Wife to
have supervised access once a week and for the children to undergo therapy.

Difficulties with handover

17 The handover was to be carried out in court on 19 November 2018 at 10.30
am. The parties, the children, and counsellors were present in court that day,
but the handover took place only in the late afternoon after much difficulty
due to the children’s rather hostile resistance towards the Husband. On the
second day that the children were in the Husband’s care, they found their way
back to the Wife after the Husband dropped them off at a tuition centre.

18 Appointed social workers and counsellors from a Child Protection Specialist
Centre met with the children, the Husband and the Wife separately to provide
the interventions ordered for the family. Despite this, the Husband appeared
unable to protect the children from the negative influence of the Wife and R,
and the children were highly resistant to any interaction with him. I ordered
that the children be temporarily placed in the care and control of a
Children’s Home, Gracehaven, a neutral environment, for two months so that
interventions could be carried out to assist them. I specified that the court-
ordered interventions should continue while the children were in Gracehaven
and that the parties’ access to the children should be subject to
recommendations by the social workers, therapists and counsellors involved in
the interventions.

19 The children remained in Gracehaven for over a month until 2 January 2019,
which was the first day of the school term. When their classes ended for the
day, instead of returning to Gracehaven, they returned to the Wife’s home,
where they have remained since. Attempts to get the children to return to
Gracehaven were met with extreme resistance and also disrupted the children’s
school routines.

20 I was deeply concerned about the wellbeing of the children. While I was of
the view that the Wife’s influence over the children towards rejecting their
father was adverse to their welfare, I was also aware that repeatedly removing
them from her care was a highly distressing experience for them.

Social media posts

21 In June and July 2019, the Daughter posted on her social media accounts
allegations that the Husband had sexually abused her and her brother. These
were allegations that the Wife had included in her affidavits, and had already
been proven to be unfounded. The Daughter’s posts were made public and various
news outlets published reports about them. The children were interviewed by at
least one news outlet, with the Wife present. The Husband received threats
online and over the phone. It also emerged that the Wife had sent a letter of
complaint to the Husband’s employer.

22 It was extremely disappointing that the proceedings took a turn in this
direction. It is in the welfare of the children that they have healthy
relationships with both parents, but the Wife’s conduct made this endeavour
immensely difficult. Save for the one to two days after the November 2018
handover, the Husband had not had contact with the children for a long period
and certainly did not have access in the months before the social media posts.
Child Protection Services had already investigated the Daughter’s allegations.
Counsellors had also interviewed the children in November and December 2018
when it had sought to provide therapeutic interventions for them. There were
no concerns relating to abuse by the Husband; instead, there were indications
of coaching and parental alienation by the Wife. The Wife claimed that she was
supportive of the children’s relationship with the Husband, but it was not at
all borne out in the way she had conducted herself.

23 The divorce proceedings have been highly traumatic for the children. They
need stability in their care arrangements and the opportunity to rebuild their
relationship with their father. I also bore in mind that should the Wife’s
cancer condition severely worsen, the children should be able to rely on the
only other parent in their lives, the Husband (with whom they shared a close
relationship not long ago), to raise and care for them. Yet, the Wife had
relentlessly polarised them against the Husband to such an extent that any
repair of their relationship with their father was not practically feasible.

24 Having considered the evidence available before me, including the reports
by the counsellors, I found that the Wife had undermined the children’s
emotional and psychological wellbeing, and damaged their relationship with the
Husband through her acts of influencing them towards a highly negative view of
the Husband (and that is an understatement). She did so by, amongst other
things, informing them of the material in court proceedings and involving them
in their parents’ conflict in inappropriate ways, burdening them emotionally
with various issues including her own health issues and in general failing
entirely to cooperate with the Husband to enable the children to maintain the
healthy relationship that they previously enjoyed with their father. Further,
she had actively allowed R to manipulate the children against their father. If
the Wife is of the view that she is acting in her children’s welfare by
instigating and encouraging such behaviour, then she has not acquired the
necessary insight into the effects of her damaging behaviour on the children.

25 The Wife’s conduct made co-parenting practically impossible. The various
acts of the Wife and R constituted some of the reasons why the court had
earlier ordered interim care and control of the children to the Husband.
However, despite the previous orders and interventions from support services,
the children appeared insistent on being with the Wife and outwardly rejecting
of the Husband. The children were not at all supported by the Wife to have any
relationship with the Husband, and they appeared ready to run back to the Wife
despite the court orders. Such a state of affairs is highly distressing for
them. I was also of the view that as the Wife is in ill health, it is also not
in the children’s welfare to be isolated from her at this time.

26 Under these circumstances, while both parents continue to share joint
custody of the children, my final order on care and control was that the
children shall be in the Wife’s care and control while the Husband shall have
reasonable access whenever the children are ready and willing to meet him. I
also ordered that the Wife should support the access of the children to the
Husband, and should not persist in creating an environment that alienates the
children from their father. This is not limited to any express words that are
negative of the Husband. There are many ways, both verbal and non-verbal, as
well as active acts, that effectively result in alienating the children from
the Husband. In particular, she should not disclose material in court
proceedings to the children.

27 Although this was not an ideal situation for the Husband and children,
forcing access presently against the children’s wishes would not assist in
repairing the relationship. I ordered the Wife to send the Husband regular
updates of the children’s progress in school, such as copies of their school
report book records, after the mid-year assessments results are available, and
at the end of the year, after the end of the year assessment results are
available. Copies of all material in the school report books shall be provided
to the Husband so he is able to remain updated on the children’s lives, albeit
indirectly. He shall also have access to the children when they are ready to
be with him.

SUM 190/2019

28 Prior to my final order on care and control, the Husband filed Summons No
169 of 2019 for leave to commence committal proceedings against the Wife, on
the basis that she had breached court orders. I granted leave, and the Husband
filed SUM 190/2019 for an order of committal against the Wife.

29 SUM 190/2019 concerned the court orders dated 4 September 2017 and 27 June
2018. Order 4 of the order dated 4 September 2017 states:

(4) During the time the children are with the [Wife] or the [Husband], each
party will not make disparaging remarks about the other party to the children,
and will also endeavor [sic] to ensure that his or her family and friends do
not do so.

30 Order 3 of the order dated 27 June 2018 states:

(3) The parties, whether by themselves or their agents and/or nominees are
restrained from involving the children in the litigation between them
including verbal or written communication of the stage(s) of proceedings,
showing them copies of any legal or court documents and/or otherwise sharing
with them any correspondences, emails or any other communication pertaining to
these proceedings or discussing the same with the children in whatever form or
substance.  

31 As the Husband’s counsel highlighted, this was not the Husband’s first
application to commit the Wife for a breach of court orders. The Wife had also
been found liable for contempt of court in Summons No 3993 of 2018 where the
DJ found the Wife guilty of contempt for disobeying the handover orders. The
Wife was fined $3,000, which was converted into a costs order in favour of the
Husband on 4 April 2019. She has not made payment of this order to this day.

Whether there was a breach

32 In PT Sandipala Arthaputra v STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd [2018]
4 SLR 828 at [45], the High Court observed that an action for civil contempt
is directed at a party who is bound by an order of court but is said to have
breached the terms of that order. It is directed at securing compliance with
the said order as well as to specifically and generally deter contemptuous
behaviour and to protect and preserve the authority of the Singapore courts.

33 It is well-established that the applicable standard of proof to both
criminal and civil contempt is that of the criminal standard of proof beyond a
reasonable doubt: Moh Kah Hong v Zheng Zhuan Yao [2016] 3 SLR 1 at [85]. To
prove mens rea, it is only necessary to prove that the relevant conduct of the
party alleged to be in breach of the court order was intentional and that it
knew of all the facts which made such conduct a breach of the order.

34 As evidence of the breach, the Husband relied on the social media posts
made by the Daughter which contained material from the Wife’s affidavits and
other information relating to the court proceedings (see [21] above). He
highlighted the harm that the posts had caused him; this included being asked
for an interview by a newspaper reporter and receiving online threats.

35 At the hearing on 19 September 2019, the Wife was asked about the source of
the Daughter’s information:

Q: … Did you ask her where she obtained her information from?

A: She said she took it from the cupboard in the room.

…

Q: Now … knowing that there are two orders prohibiting you from sharing the
divorce information with the children and that you have been committed for
contempt in September last year for breaching these two orders, did you not
think it is incumbent upon you to keep these documents away from the children
or under lock and key?

A: When we renovate the house, there was no lock for that cupboard but the
cupboard is always closed.

36 The Wife claimed she had done all she could to keep the court documents
away from the children as she had closed the door to the room. However, she
also testified that she only locked the door after the Daughter’s second post
on 4 July 2019:

Q: Are you telling the Court this morning that the children still have access
to these documents then?

A: They don’t have because the---the room, the doors---the bedroom to the door
is locked.

Q: … earlier you said that you do not lock the door because the maid has to
clean---

A: Earlier on I did not lock it, but I---I realised that the children may have
a chance to slip into the room to look at the documents again so I decided to
lock it …

37 The Wife was also present during the news outlet’s interview with the
Daughter on her social media posts. Of concern is the Wife’s attitude towards
the children sharing publicly matters relating to the court proceedings:

Q: Do you agree that [the Daughter’s] complaints about the [the Husband] are
already before the Court in forms of the affidavit and the police reports?

A: Yes.

Q: So is it your position that pending the ancillary judgment, they are still
entitled to give an interview to share their “experiences”, as you call it?

A: They can share their experiences with anybody … Their purpose is just to
voice out their frustration, their hatred, their bitterness.

Q: Is it your position that there’s nothing wrong with this interview?

A: There is nothing wrong with the interview.

Q: Okay.

A: It’s just to create awareness.

38 On 16 July 2019, the Daughter went to a police station to make a report
titled “Statement of Confession” that stated:

We wish to state that the recent online postings … and newspaper interview on
our abused life experiences done solely by both of us. We are solely
responsible for all these sharing. We answer for our own actions. No one else
is involved.

39 The Daughter stated that she made the report on behalf of her brother and
herself. The report was clearly made to protect the Wife and the Wife herself
admitted that it was an attempt to absolve the Wife from any responsibility.

40 The Wife’s conduct and actions consistently show up her intention to cause
the children to reject their father. Such conduct included giving the children
information on the divorce and court proceedings, and supporting their
negative views of their father, including permitting the interview with a
local news reporter for them to share “their frustration, their hatred, their
bitterness” against their father.

41 The evidence in these committal proceedings clearly demonstrated the Wife’s
disregard and intentional breaches of the court’s orders not to disclose or
provide to the children information related to the court proceedings. The
Daughter’s posts were replete with details that she could not have obtained
herself, unless she had read the Wife’s affidavits. For example, the Daughter
referred to the Husband’s alleged girlfriends by name and made the same
accusations about his behaviour that the Wife made against the Husband, none
of which she would have known unless the Wife had informed her about these
proceedings. I did not find satisfactory the Wife’s explanation of how the
Daughter obtained the court documents without the Wife permitting her the
access.

42 I found that the Wife had allowed access to the documents and acted in
breach of the court order; in fact, the evidence on the whole suggested active
support from the Wife for the Daughter to use court materials and make
allegations against her father. She did so while well aware that the court
orders prohibited her from doing so. I had also found in my earlier decision
that I was not persuaded that R was not involved in the Wife’s and children’s
lives.

43 I found the Wife liable for contempt of court. Court orders such as those
involved in these committal proceedings, which were aimed at preventing
further damage to the children, must never be taken lightly. It is a
misperception for anyone to think that court orders relating to a parent’s
relationship with their child can be disobeyed by putting up a veil that the
children are independent beings over which the party has little control.

44 When the Wife initiated proceedings in 2016, the Daughter and Son were
twelve and six years old respectively. Unfortunately the children were not
shielded from the conflict. In fact, as the situation worsened, the Wife
actively influenced the children in an attempt to win the upper hand in the
proceedings. I affirm what the DJ said in her decision in the previous
committal proceedings, when she found the Wife liable for contempt of court:

… [T]he [W]ife is the parent and the adult in this matrix. She cannot sing the
same refrain that it was the children’s decision, it was the children’s choice
and it was the children who decided.

45 While children will have their own opinions and make their own decisions
especially as they mature, parents cannot disclaim all responsibility for
their actions. Parents are responsible for providing a safe and secure
environment for their children. They are responsible for setting limits on
what is unacceptable behaviour. In the present case, the Son is now nine years
old and the Daughter is in her teen years – they need parental guidance. As
the Wife has care and control of them, she must provide guidance and
protection, including taking specific steps to guard their access to
information that the court has prohibited her from giving the children. She
may, for example, keep documents in a securely locked cabinet, and she should
control their social media activities as responsible parents would. These are
for the protection, welfare and wellbeing of the children. The social media
posts, which included the Daughter’s identity and personal family
circumstances, have been exposed to the public. The Wife would do well to
think carefully on the implications and consequences of these posts and
actions on the children’s welfare and safety.

46 An important aspect of parental responsibility is facilitating the child’s
relationship with the other parent. This is especially important in the light
of the Wife’s ill-health – the children should be able to rely on the other
parent in their lives; the Wife should be cognisant of the importance of the
children’s relationship with the Husband. Unfortunately, by her actions and
R’s actions, the children have become more isolated from their father at a
critical time in their lives when their mother is ill and they are coping with
the family breakdown.

Appropriate sentence

47 On sentencing, the Husband’s counsel sought a one-month custodial sentence.
The Wife told the court that imprisonment would not be suitable for her as she
was undergoing treatment for breast cancer. When asked about her condition and
treatment, she told the Court that the treatment involved daily oral
medication, monthly injections and blood tests. She agreed that a shorter term
of imprisonment would render the reason less significant, and made it very
clear that she preferred imprisonment to a fine. Her view was that the moneys
can be better spent on her children. She still has not paid the costs order
that was the result of the previous committal application.

48 I found that the Wife deliberately breached court orders and intended the
adverse consequences on the Husband that followed the breaches. My order on
sentencing must uphold the goal of deterring contemptuous behaviour and to
protect and preserve the authority of the courts (see [32] and [43] above). I
also took into account her medical condition with her need for treatment, as
well as the nature of the orders breached.

49 I ordered that the Wife be sentenced to one week’s imprisonment, which was
to commence in seven days to give her sufficient time to make the necessary
arrangements for her medical issues. The sentence was due to commence on 30
October 2019. I also fixed costs at $3,000, to be taken out of the Wife’s
share of MAs.

Post-hearing matters

50 On 28 October 2019, the Wife appointed counsel who wrote in to the court to
request for further arguments. They produced a letter dated 25 October 2019
from Dr TW on the Wife’s medical condition that stated:

[The Wife] was diagnosed to have metastatic advanced Stage 4 breast cancer in
Sep 2018…

…

Clinically, there are still several palpable right chest wall nodules that
bleed when touched, and several ulcers on her right chest wall which
continually ooze haemoserous fluid. Because the cancer involves the lymph
nodes in the right axilla, she is unable to elevate the right arm fully. She
is not allowed to carry or lift more than 3kg with her right arm.

The right chest wall has been and must continue to be cleansed daily … Ulcers
can easily become infected in a moist environment, such as sweating due to
heat…

… A disruption in the chemotherapy regimen is discouraged as it can lead to
development of cancer cells that become resistant to the chemotherapy regimen.

51 This “report” was the first substantive evidence on the severity of the
Wife’s medical condition. Prior to the production of this doctor’s letter, she
had insisted that she was recovering well; initially, she claimed that R was
successfully healing her. In spite of my repeated requests that she provide
objective evidence of her health such as full medical reports, which would
have also been relevant to my decision on maintenance and the children’s
issues, the Wife failed to provide anything substantive. The closest to a
medical report she provided was a brief letter from the same Dr TW dated 21
March 2019 that stated:

… [The Wife] was diagnosed to have metastatic advanced breast cancer in Sep
2018…

…

Given her clinical condition and underlying disease, although she is unable to
return to work indefinitely, she is still able to look after her two children.

52 It seems to me that Dr TW’s letters were written for specific purposes. The
first note dated 21 March 2019 was tendered at a time when I was considering
issues of maintenance for the Wife and care and control of the children. The
second note dated 25 October 2019 was tendered after the Wife had been
sentenced to imprisonment.

53 Be that as it may, as this was the first time the Wife tendered evidence on
the severity of her medical condition, I granted a stay of execution on 29
October 2019 and adjourned the hearing to a date where both counsel could be
present. At the hearing before me on 28 November 2019, the Wife’s counsel
asked that the sentence be set aside or for the court to consider the Wife’s
health in light of the new evidence, presumably to change my order on one week
of imprisonment. However, it was brought to my attention that the Husband had
already extracted the order of court sentencing the Wife to one week’s
imprisonment (HCF/ORC 306/2019) and the Wife had filed a notice of appeal to
the Court of Appeal. I did not think it appropriate for me to reverse the
extracted order. The court is now functus officio and the matter is before the
Court of Appeal; any order made affecting that order will be null. I granted a
stay of execution of my order of one week’s imprisonment, pending the appeal.

Division of matrimonial assets

Matrimonial asset pool

54 I now address the issue of the division of the parties’ MAs. Although this
aspect of my decision has not been appealed against, I write these grounds to
provide some guidance particularly on the issue involving the medical
insurance payouts.

55 Having considered the evidence, I found the net value of the MA pool to be
$6,520,428.25. In so doing, I did not include insurance payouts amounting to
more than $435,000 that the Wife received for her medical condition. It was
common ground that all these moneys had been paid to R. The Husband asked that
all these moneys be ploughed back into the pool of MAs.

56 A question arose as to whether insurance payouts were MAs. In UMU v UMT and
another appeal [2019] 3 SLR 504, I emphasised that the definition of a MA in s
112(10) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Charter”) focuses
on two key features: first, it is an asset acquired by effort and not by gift
or inheritance, and second, it is an asset acquired during marriage or has a
connection to the efforts of the spouses during marriage. Assets with these
two characteristics have been described as “quintessential matrimonial
assets”: see Leong Wai Kum, Elements of Family Law in Singapore (LexisNexis,
3rd Ed, 2018) (“Elements of Family Law”) at para 16.041; TNC v TND [2016] 3
SLR 1172 at [40]; TND v TNC [2017] SGCA 34 at [9]. Assets which do not have
these characteristics may be “transformed” into matrimonial assets if they
were ordinarily used or enjoyed by parties, constituted the matrimonial home
or were substantially improved by the efforts of the parties during the
marriage: see s 112(10) of the Charter.

57 Thus, the purpose of the insurance payouts is of critical importance. In
this vein, the decision of the Court of Appeal in Saseedaran Nair s/o Krishnan
(now known as K Saseedaran Nair) v Nalini d/o K N Ramachandran [2012] 2 SLR
365 is helpful. The husband in that case took up the Home Protection Insurance
Scheme (“HPIS”) established pursuant to s 29 of the Central Provident Fund Act
(Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed). The HPIS provided that in the event of the husband’s
death or disability, his outstanding liability to repay the housing loan shall
be discharged by CPF. He was subsequently certified to be legally blind, and
pursuant to the HPIS, the CPF Board paid a sum of $172,740.30 to HDB to fully
discharge the outstanding mortgage loan on the matrimonial home. The issue
before the court was whether the HPIS payout was a matrimonial asset, and
whether it was for the sole benefit of the insured party (ie, the husband)
such that it should be deducted from the sale proceeds before determining the
net worth of the property.

58 The court noted that the husband was not solely entitled to the HPIS
payout, because HPIS is a mortgage-reducing policy that is specifically
targeted at protecting the family home – the purpose of HPIS is not to
compensate the insured for his capacity. Thus, it was an MA and the HPIS
payout should not be deducted from the sale proceeds before determining the
net worth of the matrimonial home. Indeed, the High Court in the same case
drew a distinction between the HPIS and an “ordinary” insurance policy (Nalini
d/o Ramachandran v Saseedaran Nair s/o Krishnan [2010] SGHC 98 at [22]):

… The mischief that the HPIS was intended to address was therefore not the
insured’s general financial concerns resulting from some future disability but
the prospect of the insured and his dependants losing their home should the
insured meet with some misfortune. A distinction must therefore be drawn
between the HPIS and an ordinary insurance policy where the payout is made to
the insured who has control over the use of the money …

[emphasis added]

59 The discussion above suggests that there is some room for the possibility
that the court might have reached a different conclusion if the husband in
that case had received insurance moneys which were meant to cover his expenses
relating to his disability.

60 In the present case, it appeared that the insurance payouts were meant to
cover the Wife’s medical expenses and other expenses relating to her treatment
for cancer. It may well be that some insurance payments are intended to
provide for income that one is unable to earn due to the illness, but as this
was not suggested by the Husband, I treated the sums as providing for her
medical expenses and issues related to her cancer condition. The Husband did
not submit otherwise. Thus, the payouts were not assets acquired as a result
of the efforts of the parties nor were they received in the form of income;
they were meant to cover the Wife’s specific medical needs. I therefore did
not consider them to be MAs for the purposes of division under s 112. However,
the payouts which she has received had an impact on her financial needs, and
was relevant in respect of her claim for maintenance.

Proportions of division

61 As to the proportions of division, as both parties worked during the
marriage, this was a dual-income marriage. I applied the structured approach
in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ v ANK”).

62 The documentary evidence which the parties tendered in respect of their
direct financial contributions were either incomplete or inconclusive. This
gap in evidence is not unusual, because parties in a functioning marriage do
not keep records of their transactions with a view to building a case should a
divorce occur. The court will make a rough and ready approximation of the
figures, having regard to the available evidence. I note that at the beginning
of the marriage, the Wife earned slightly more than the Husband (about $3,000
to $3,500). Nevertheless, the Husband’s income soon exceeded the Wife’s
income. Using a broad brush approach, I found that the ratio of parties’
direct financial contributions was 60:40 in the Husband’s favour.

63 As for indirect contributions, both parties submitted that the ratio should
be 80% in their favour. Having considered the evidence, I accepted that the
Husband likely contributed more to daily expenses and outgoings. As for non-
financial contributions, it is clear from the first specific issues report
that the both parents played an active part in the children’s lives, and that
the children were close to both parents. Nevertheless, I accepted that the
nature of the Wife’s work allowed her to play a slightly more active role. For
instance, she took a year off work from May 2010 to May 2011 to take care of
their Son when he was born; this was evident from her CPF statement showing
that save for the annual bonus in December 2010, she did not receive salary
payment from the Ministry of Education from September 2010 to May 2011.
Applying a broad-brush approach, I found that parties’ indirect contributions
were 60:40, in the Wife’s favour.

64 Applying the ANJ v ANK approach, the average ratio was 50:50. Each party
shall receive an equal share of the MAs.

Maintenance for the Wife

65 The Wife sought $4,800 for herself as monthly maintenance. Counsel for the
Wife confirmed at the first hearing that the Wife was not asking for medical
expenses, but only living expenses. The Husband submitted that the Wife should
not be entitled to maintenance as she was “capable of working as there is no
medical evidence stating otherwise”. After those submissions, the Wife
tendered a medical note which stated that she was unable to return to work
indefinitely (see [51] above).

66 There were two key considerations that arose because of the Wife’s medical
condition: her medical expenses and her income. While the Wife’s medical
expenses may be a practical and real expense for her, she had received about
half a million in insurance payouts that were not included in the MA pool. It
was her decision whether or not to apply them to conventional medical
treatment and expenses. In this particular situation, as she chose to pay R
for the “healing” he could provide, the Husband should not have to bear those
costs.

67 As to her income, the Wife was originally earning a salary of $7,485 a
month, close to the Husband’s salary of $8,655 a month. She had been on no-pay
leave since March 2017, and was on sick leave as of 13 February 2019. She had
given vague accounts of her medical condition. There was no full medical
report that detailed her cancer diagnosis and the present state of her
prognosis. At the last hearing, the Wife told the court that she was doing
fine and was taking a daily oral drug for treatment. I note that the Wife
received rental income of $3,400 per month from the Butterworth property. She
would also receive an equal share of the MAs (amounting to more than $3
million). Thus she should have sufficient moneys to cover her ordinary
expenses; she had been provided with the insurance payouts to cover her
medical expenses. I ordered no maintenance for the Wife.

Maintenance for the children

68 The Wife submitted that the Husband should pay maintenance of $2,500 for
the Daughter and $2,000 for the Son. The Husband offered to pay $1,713 for the
Daughter and $989 for the Son. According to the Wife, the Daughter’s personal
expenses amounted to $2,598 while the Son’s personal expenses amounted to
$1,116. The Wife submitted that the Husband should bear all of it because she
was not working.

69 The Husband has had no meaningful contact with his children since March
2018. He was willing to provide financial support and I commend his commitment
to the family. The amount of maintenance awarded is not dependent on the
access issue – both parents are responsible for maintaining the children. I
had ordered that there shall be no maintenance for the Wife; she would have to
provide for herself from the resources she has, and from income (whether
employment or investment income) she can obtain in future. Her medical
condition was not disputed, though to what extent that affected her ability to
work was not fully proven. In these circumstances, I considered it fair and
just to order the Husband to pay a monthly maintenance sum of $2,800 for both
children, which is a sum close to what he had offered to provide and was
reasonable for the children.

70 The Wife also sought backdated maintenance for the children from November
to December 2017 and July to December 2018. However, I noted that her initial
application for maintenance was dismissed on 24 August 2017. The decision to
backdate maintenance is within the discretion of the court: AMW v AMZ [2011] 3
SLR 955 at [13]. In the circumstances, I found it fair for the maintenance
order to take effect from the date of this decision.

Conclusion

71 It is unfortunate that the divorce proceedings developed in this manner.
The courts, counsellors and schools have done their best to help the children,
but ultimately it is the parents above all who must protect and promote their
children’s welfare. It is my hope that, in time, the children will appreciate
the importance of having both parents in their lives and that their
relationship with the Husband will be repaired. Children do grow up and with
newly gained maturity and understanding, they may be better placed to have a
good relationship with their father. They may then be able to see how their
father had tried to care for them, and remember the times when they enjoyed
spending time with their father. I encourage the Husband to be patient and
maintain a positive outlook.

Debbie Ong J  
Judge

The plaintiff in person;  
Luna Yap Whye Tzu (Luna Yap LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

