Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTs of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCF 23

Divorce (Transferred) No 146 of 2017

Between

VMO  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

VMP  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VMO

  
v

  

VMP

[2020] SGHCF 23

High Court Family Division — Divorce (Transferred) No 146 of 2017  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
15 January, 15 July 2020

31 December 2020 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“Husband”) and the defendant (“Wife”) (collectively “the
parties”) were married in Australia. Their marriage was solemnised on 26
January 2002 and registered on 4 February 2002. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Husband’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 11 October 2018 (“HAAM1”) at
para 4.

They have one son (“the Child”) who was born in 2010. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

HAAM1 at para 11.

The parties began living separately from 2012 onwards 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

HAAM1 at para 12.

and the Husband filed a writ of divorce on 13 January 2017. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

HAAM1 at para 14.

Interim Judgment (“IJ”) was granted on 23 February 2018. It brought to an end
a marriage of 16 years.

2 The parties have resolved a number of ancillary matters (“AM”) by consent,
including maintenance for the Wife and for the Child, as well as the custody,
care and control of the Child and access. These consent orders have been
recorded with the IJ and the consent order dated 8 October 2019 (FC/ORC
5208/2019). The only matter that remains for determination is the division of
the matrimonial assets.

Background facts

3 The Husband is 47 years old this year. He is an Australian citizen. He has
been working for various entities related to a firm, [X], for most of his
career. He became a partner in the Singapore firm of [X], [X] LLP, in 2007 and
continues to work there. [X] LLP performs accountancy as well as consulting
services.

4 The Wife is 45 years old this year, and is also an Australian citizen. She
is legally-trained, and is currently a full-time homemaker.

5 Soon after getting married in Australia in 2002, the parties moved to Tokyo,
Japan. The Husband was already working for [X] in Australia and moved to Tokyo
as part of an international placement as a senior manager in Tokyo. The Wife
worked as an associate at a bank there. After two years, they moved to
Singapore, where the Husband began working for [X] LLP. The Wife was offered a
position with the bank she had worked for in Japan, but she chose to work for
a law firm instead. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 10 October 2018 (“WAAM1”) at
para 45.

Subsequently, she left the law firm and began working for another bank. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

WAAM1 at para 48.

However, due to the working conditions and to assist their attempts at
conceiving a child, the Wife resigned from her job in 2008. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

WAAM1 at para 52.

In 2010, she tried to start a business, Company [Y], in 2010, selling bags,
but this business did not ultimately succeed and stopped trading in early
2016. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

WAAM1 at para 4.

Company [Y] was a loss-making business and the Wife did not receive income
from the business at any point. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

WAAM1 at para 5.

6 From 2004 to 2007, the parties lived in rented units. In 2007, they
purchased a property in Bukit Timah (“the Bukit Timah Property”) as their
matrimonial home, which was registered in the Wife’s name. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HAAM1 at para 10; WAAM1 at para 7.

Their Child was born in July 2010.

7 In 2012, the Wife discovered that the Husband had committed adultery and the
parties then separated. The Husband moved out of the Bukit Timah Property in
July 2012 and lived apart from the Wife and Child. It was not until 13 January
2017, however, that the Husband filed the writ of divorce, with IJ being
granted on 23 February 2018. As noted above, the parties consented to a number
of orders that were recorded with the IJ. I summarise the key consent orders
on maintenance as follows:

(a) The Husband is to pay the Wife a lump sum as maintenance for herself at
S$17,500.00 per month for the next five years, amounting to a total of
S$1,050,000.00.

(b) The Husband is to pay (i) a lump sum of S$180,000.00 as maintenance for
the Child; (ii) periodic payments of $3,000.00 per month from 2023 onwards
until the Child reaches 21 years of age or until he obtains an undergraduate
degree or equivalent, whichever is later, which shall be made in lump sum
payments of S$36,000.00 per year starting from 1 February 2023; and (iii)
direct payments to various third parties for expenses like school fees,
therapy and lessons.

Appointment of expert

8 Before turning to the substance of the dispute, I make some observations on
the evidence provided by way of a report by AAG Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd
(“AAG”). AAG was appointed as a joint expert to provide forensic investigation
of the parties’ finances for the purpose of the AM hearings. Although AAG’s
report was presented to court without an accompanying affidavit from AAG or
its representative, neither party has raised any issue about the admissibility
of the report. The report defined its “Scope of Works” as follows: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Jolyn Khoo’s 2nd Affidavit dated 11 December 2019 (“AAG Report”) at p 25.

1.1. The forensic expert will provide forensic accounting services to assess
and investigate whether the parties had dissipated matrimonial funds during
the course of the marriage up until the date of the Interim Judgment, i.e. 23
February 2018, or if the funds expended were ordinary business and living
expenses. The forensic expert will primarily review all the specified
documents and information relevant to the period from and including January
2012 and June 2018, i.e. the period of separation of parties between July 2012
and grant of Interim Judgement and the months surrounding that. This would
include exhaustively reviewing entries in the parties’ bank accounts and
credit card statements (as set out in the Information and Document Request
List at paragraph 1.2 below) to trace funds, with the $ threshold of each
entry to be reviewed to be $1,000 for ad hoc expenses, and $500 for recurring
expenses every quarter, i.e. S$500 per transaction occurring at least twice
within a span of 3 months.

1.2. The forensic expert will provide forensic accounting services to assess
and investigate the [Wife’s] business, [Company [Y]], including (a) all
injections of monies into the business, including but not limited to
matrimonial monies which were contributed by the parties towards the business,
whether directly or indirectly from the [Husband], (b) whether the [Wife]
dissipated or mismanaged monies in the business; (c) whether the [Wife]
appropriately applied the monies and resources available towards the business;
and (d) state at what point the business was not a going concern, if
applicable.

…

9 The Wife raised various complaints about AAG’s report. First, the Wife
alleged that AAG had failed to comply with the “Scope of Works” by failing to
make the inquiries that were relevant to its task, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Wife’s Written Submissions (“WWS”) at para 16.

specifically in failing to investigate or determine whether the Husband had
misused or misapplied matrimonial assets or whether the Husband’s expenditure
was reasonable. Second, AAG had failed to respond to the concerns that she had
raised through her counsel’s letters. AAG had purportedly failed to analyse
the Husband’s credit card expenditures and the nature of the expenses, and
omitted to trace all of the Husband’s earnings. Third, the Wife also claimed
that there were various errors and gaps in AAG’s approach to its task. Hence,
she submitted that the report should be “given little weight, if at all”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

WWS at para 21.

It bears noting that the Wife’s complaints do not appear to be directed at the
accuracy of the figures extracted and summarised by AAG.

10 I accept that the AAG report did not provide as much by way of analysis and
conclusions as the parties may have hoped. But in that regard, the report was
also largely neutral and did not aid either the Husband or the Wife
significantly. In any event, the role of experts in courts is not to decide
for the court. The questions of whether any of the grounds for drawing an
adverse inference or returning assets to the pool of matrimonial assets have
been made out in this case are for the court to answer. In the present case, I
rely on the AAG report only insofar as it communicated figures and facts
extracted from the bank and financial statements provided by the parties to
AAG. Neither party has raised concerns about the accuracy of these figures,
let alone showed that these figures were wrong. I therefore rely on the AAG
report as a useful summary of these facts for my consideration.

Division of matrimonial assets

11 I first consider the division of the parties’ matrimonial assets under s
112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”).

12 There are two methodologies of dividing matrimonial assets, as set out in
NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“NK”) at [31]–[33]: the global assessment
methodology and the classification methodology. The global assessment
methodology comprises four distinct steps: identification, valuation, division
and apportionment (of the matrimonial assets). On the other hand, the
classification methodology first divides the matrimonial assets into separate
classes before applying the four steps above in relation to each class of
assets. Both the Husband and the Wife accepted that the global assessment
methodology should apply in this case. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Husband’s Written Submissions (“HWS”) at para 8.

As I see no reason to apply the classification methodology, I will adopt the
global assessment methodology accordingly.

Dissipations and non-disclosure

13 A number of the arguments in this case relate to alleged dissipations,
unreasonably incurred expenses, and adverse inferences drawn on the basis of
non-disclosure. As these issues touch on a number of steps in the division
exercise and also concern a number of different assets, it is convenient for
me to deal with these concepts at the outset. The Court of Appeal has given
guidance on these issues in the recent decision of UZN v UZM [2020] SGCA 109
(“UZN”) which was handed down on 30 October 2020. I summarise the Court’s
guidance as follows:

(a) The court’s duty is “to ensure that the matrimonial pool reflects the full
extent of the material gains of the marital partnership”: UZN at [59].

(b) One means of doing so is to draw adverse inferences against a party who
has failed to make full and frank disclosure of assets. The drawing of an
adverse inference is based on the notion that “there is concealment of
matrimonial assets which should be included for a fair division under s 112 of
the Women’s Charter”: UZN at [61].

(c) Another conceptually different means of ensuring that the matrimonial pool
reflects the material gains of the marriage is to add the values of certain
assets into the pool on the basis that a party has expended substantial sums
when divorce proceedings are imminent: UZN at [62]. This is based on the dicta
in TNL v TNK and another appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609 (“TNL”) at
[24] (which the Court of Appeal referred to as the “TNL dicta”).

(d) Further distinct from either of these two approaches is the wrongful
dissipation provision in s 132(1) WC. It is distinct from the TNL dicta as the
latter does not require “culpability” – the expenditure may be for entirely
innocent reasons: UZN at [65]. It is distinct from adverse inference for non-
disclosure because the latter is concerned with disclosure, whereas wrongful
dissipation is concerned with the act of dissipation itself. The Court of
Appeal recognised the possibility of drawing adverse inferences based on
concealment of assets or wrongful dissipation, based on conduct even prior to
when divorce proceedings are imminent: UZN at [66]. However, this would
generally be difficult to justify – “it is difficult to believe that the
parties would have intended to withdraw assets for the purpose of concealing
or putting them out of reach of the other spouse during a time when their
marital relationship was still functioning”: UZN at [66]. Since this is a
matter of proof, the possibility remains open nevertheless, but the facts must
justify such an approach.

(e) These categories may overlap – one party may expend money in such a manner
as to satisfy the requirements of the TNL dicta and also amount to wrongful
dissipation, while also failing to disclose the movement of these assets,
thereby justifying an adverse inference. These categories are, however, also
conceptually distinct: see UZN at [68].

(f) In general, therefore, the position in relation to expenditure of assets
by one party can be summarised as follows (UZN at [70]):

… The court is not concerned with the justifiability of expenses stretching
indefinitely into the past, but rather with what assets there were at the
relevant time (usually, at the IJ date). As we explained at [22]–[24] above,
in respect of accounting for how a spouse’s income has been expended, their
expenses shed light on whether the earnings have in fact been used up, or have
instead been concealed. Restrictions on the parties’ disposal of large
quantities of matrimonial assets, meanwhile, generally only come to the fore
after divorce proceedings are imminent, as explained in the TNL dicta (see
[62]–[65] above). On the other hand, if a party appears to be spending
significant sums of money which the other spouse does not support (say, on
gambling activities) before divorce proceedings are imminent, the argument is
instead one of financial irresponsibility, which will impact the question of
the parties’ direct and indirect contributions to the marriage in applying the
ANJ structured approach (see [67] above). This argument would have no impact
on the identification or quantification of the matrimonial assets themselves.

14 With this guidance from the Court of Appeal, it is necessary to consider
the specific bases for each party’s contentions. As the parties did not have
the benefit of this guidance during the AM hearings or submissions, it may be
necessary to attempt a reconstruction of their cases according to the Court of
Appeal’s descriptions of these different ways of ensuring that the pool of
matrimonial assets accurately reflects what was earned and obtained during the
marriage. I deal with these issues as and when they arise in the following
discussion.

Identification and valuation of the matrimonial assets

Operative dates for identification and valuation

15 The operative date for the identification of the matrimonial assets was a
matter of some dispute between the parties. The Husband argued that this was
an appropriate case to use the date on which the parties had agreed that they
would be able to date other people outside of the marriage, ie, 23 September
2013, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

HWS at para 14.

which I will refer to as the “purported date of separation”.

16 Both parties acknowledged that the starting position is that the IJ date is
the starting point: ARY v ARX and another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 686 (“ARY”) at
[31]. In that case, the Court of Appeal held at [31]:

In our judgment, while the court retains the discretion to select the
appropriate operative date to determine the pool of matrimonial assets, there
is much to be said that, unless the particular circumstances or justice of the
case warrant it, the starting point or default position should be the date
that interim judgment is granted. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis
added in bold]

17 The Court of Appeal gave essentially three justifications for this starting
point. First, the IJ is what puts a substantial end to the marriage contract
such that the parties are taken no longer to intend to jointly accumulate
matrimonial assets: ARY at [32], citing AJR v AJS [2010] 4 SLR 617 at [4]. In
other words, the IJ “put[s] an end to the whole content of the marriage
contract, leaving only the shell, that is, the technical bond” (Fender v St
John-Mildmay [1936] 1 KB 111 at 115–117, cited in ARY at [32]). Second,
division could well occur at the same time as the IJ if all the relevant
material is before the court at the time: ARY at [33]. Third, adopting a
starting point of the IJ date allows the parties to arrange their financial
affairs and to know when they are treated as “having moved into a different
phase in their lives”: ARY at [34]. Relatedly, it would enable counsel to
better advise their clients.

18 In the Court of Appeal’s reasoning, the IJ date is not simply a starting
point from which the court should readily depart. The justifications stated
above suggest that the IJ date should generally be used as the operative date,
and the discretion to depart from that date is there to “ensure that justice
is done in every case”: ARY at [35]. The Court of Appeal emphasised that the
court should depart from the starting point only in “deserving cases”, where
there are “cogent reasons” to do so, and that the court should “exercise care
when it decides to depart from the starting point” and should provide reasons
when doing so: ARY at [34]–[36].

19 The authorities have also provided the following further guidance as to how
the court should assess an argument that the starting point of the IJ date
should be departed from:

(a) First, the court should pay attention to the relationship between the
parties after the purported date of separation. Continued involvement and
provision would suggest the existence of a “continuous (albeit clearly
attenuated) relationship” [emphasis in original] between the parties: Oh Choon
v Lee Siew Lin [2014] 1 SLR 629 (“Oh Choon”) at [14], cited by ARY at [39].
This relationship would then only be brought to an end with the IJ, and there
would be no reason to depart from the IJ date as a starting point.

(b) Second, the court should distinguish between exceptional features that
would warrant a departure from the starting point and “the ordinary factual
concomitants of a failed marriage”: ARY at [40].

(c) Third, the court should be mindful of the fact that using the IJ date
would enable the court to better account for any continuing contributions
(direct or indirect) made by the parties to the marriage: TEG v TEH and
another matter  [2015] SGHCF 8 (“TEG”) at [24].

(d) Finally, underlying many of these factors is a recognition that marriage
continues to be a legal union even if the relationship has disintegrated: ARY
at [40]; TQU v TQT [2020] SGCA 8 (“TQU”) at [38]. In this regard, the use of
the IJ date as the starting point is already a concession to the fact that, in
reality, at the time of the IJ only the “technical bond” of marriage remains
(see [17] above), while the actual bond of marriage is severed only upon final
judgment. It is therefore not appropriate to push the operative date back even
further than the IJ date simply on the basis that the relationship has fallen
apart while the legal union remains. Some other exceptional circumstance must
exist to justify using the date of separation as the operative date for
identification of the matrimonial assets.

20 Having identified these factors, I turn to the Husband’s argument in this
case. The Husband emphasised that he had moved out of the matrimonial home on
8 July 2012. By January 2013, he had moved into his own leased apartment. In
September 2013, the parties came to an agreement that they would be able to
date other people, and agreed in writing that they would wait for six months
before introducing new partners to the Child. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

HWS at para 15.

The parties then, in fact, dated other people – the Husband dated someone in
2014, and then in 2015, and has remained in the latter relationship to date.
Further, the Husband began crediting his salary into a separate account in
October 2015. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

HWS at para 16.

The Husband described the Wife’s conduct in that period as “retaliatory” and
that “there was nothing left to the marriage”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

HWS at para 17.

21 The Husband disagreed with the Wife’s claim that they continued to have
conjugal relations. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

HWS at para 18.

As for the occasional meals and trips, the Husband explained that he wished to
maintain “cordial relations” with the Wife and that, despite the marriage
being over, he wanted to take care of the Wife. Further, the Husband wished to
spend time with the Child, and so went on one trip overseas and also spent
time with the Wife and Child on festive and special occasions. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

HWS at para 18.

He attributed the delay in filing the writ of divorce to the Wife, since he
claimed to have been engaging in negotiations for an uncontested divorce for a
whole year “before he finally had no choice” but to file the writ in January
2017. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

HWS at para 19.

22 The Wife argued that the parties maintained a relationship even after the
purported date of separation. In particular, the Husband continued to express
his love for the Wife and his remorse for his adultery, they had gone to see
marriage counsellors, the Wife remained uneasy about the Husband seeing other
people romantically, the Husband continued to send gifts and they had meals
together, they occasionally engaged in conjugal relations, they vacationed
together and spent special occasions together, and the Husband continued to
support the Wife and Child financially, as well as supporting the Wife’s
application for a Dependent’s Pass. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

WWS at para 33.

She also argued that she continued to make indirect contributions to the
marriage after the Husband moved out of the matrimonial home. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

WWS at para 37.

23 Having considered the parties’ arguments, I am of the view that there is no
reason to depart from the IJ date as the operative date for identification.

24 It appears that the Husband and Wife were largely in agreement as to the
facts of how they conducted themselves after the Husband left the matrimonial
home in 2012 – the Husband did continue to provide for the Wife and Child,
they did spend time during holidays and special occasions together, and they
had meals together. The Husband also spent a few days a week with the Child
and some weekends. However, they disagreed about the significance of these
acts. In addition, they also disagreed over the facts concerning whether they
continued to have conjugal relations and their attitude towards each party
seeing other people romantically. Nevertheless, even if I assume these facts
in favour of the Husband (ie, that they did not continue to have conjugal
relations and they had agreed that they would be able to date other people), I
do not find that it is necessary to depart from the starting point in the
interests of justice.

25 First, the Husband clearly continued to support the Wife and Child even
after the purported date of separation: see Oh Choon ([19(a)] supra) at [12].

26 Second, the Husband was involved in their lives and continued to be a
presence. They spent time together as a family during special occasions, and
the Husband took care of the Child for a few days a week. Even if the
relationship between the Husband and Wife was no longer as close as it once
was, there existed some relationship between them.

27 Third, whatever their decisions in relation to dating other people, it did
not undermine the fact that they remained legally married and no attempts were
made to dissolve that legal union. It was a marriage, even if it was a
marriage between two people who had grown distant and who contemplated that
they might become romantically or sexually involved with other people. Taken
together with the facts that the Husband continued to provide and was present
for some of their family life, I find that there was an ongoing, if
attenuated, relationship: see Oh Choon at [12]. Indeed, even in a case as
extreme as TQU ([19(d)] supra) where the marriage had broken down in 2001, and
the Wife had already applied without success for divorce twice in 2001 and
2010 before the IJ was finally granted pursuant to a third application in
2016, the Court of Appeal did not consider it appropriate to depart from the
starting point: see TQU at [4] and [38].

28 Although it was suggested to me that TQU could be distinguished, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 15 July 2020 at pp 129–130.

I do not find the factors raised by the Husband’s counsel to be weighty. It
was first suggested that TQU could be distinguished because the wife in TQU
had returned to the family home after making the first divorce application:
see TQU at [8]. However, I find that the mere fact that the Husband never
returned to the matrimonial home in this case to be less important than the
fact that he continued to provide for the family and to spend time with the
Wife and Child. Counsel for the Husband then suggested that the fact that the
two divorce applications were dismissed in TQU meant either that the husband
had contested the divorce or that the court had found that there was no basis
for the divorce, whereas in this case, both parties clearly wanted to end the
relationship. Even assuming that this distinction between the cases exists, I
do not accept it as material. The mere fact that both parties “want[ed] out”
of the marriage, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 129, ln 18.

even if true, must be weighed against the fact that no steps were taken to end
the legal union and that they did continue to maintain some form of a family
life, no matter how limited, disjointed, and unhappy. There, as here, the
parties remained in a “legal albeit unhappy union” that was grounded in some
reality: see TQU at [38].

29 I clarify here that I do not understand the Court of Appeal in TQU at [38]
to mean that as long as the legal union is subsisting, there is no possibility
of departing from the starting point, and that it is irrelevant to consider
the factual union (in distinction to the legal union). There is nothing in the
Court of Appeal’s reasoning that suggests this absolute position, which would
also be contradictory to the position taken in ARY ([16] supra). First, there
are factors other than the breakdown of the factual union that may render it
appropriate to depart from the starting point. One such situation is where one
party “incurs a large amount of expenditure from having ‘indulged in certain
vices’ such that the matrimonial assets have been ‘unfairly or unjustly
depleted by the unacceptable actions of that party’”: ARY at [35]. The fact
that the legal union subsists would not prevent the court from departing from
the starting point where the facts justify it. Second, there may be instances
where the extent of the breakdown of the factual union justifies a departure
from the starting point. There are differing degrees of breakdown to which the
court must remain sensitive. There may be cases where the relationship between
parties has absolutely come to an end before the IJ, eg, where one party
disappears completely, such that anything done by the parties cannot be
attributed to the existence of a familial or matrimonial relationship. However
– and this is related to the point below – where the relationship has broken
down but there still remains a connection between the parties and some
semblance of family life, the existence of the legal union would suggest that
the marriage does subsist and the appropriate date for identification would
remain the IJ date, when that legal union is brought to a (tentative) end.
While the court retains the “flexibility to ensure that justice is done in
every case”: ARY at [35], what TQU does suggest is that the court should not
readily depart from the starting point. To do so would undermine the three
justifications identified by the Court of Appeal in ARY (summarised at [17]
above).

30 Fourth, the various facts emphasised by the Husband appear to me to be the
“ordinary factual concomitants of a failed marriage”: see ARY at [40]. That
one party moved out, grew distant, participated in family life in a limited
way, and began seeing other people romantically appears, unfortunately, to be
a reality in many relationships that have broken down. There is nothing so
exceptional in this case that would warrant a departure from the usual
starting point. Even the allegations that the Wife was smearing the Husband’s
reputation do not, in my view, constitute exceptional circumstances, since bad
blood and even enmity can certainly exist between parties in a marriage.
Finally, as the Wife continued to take care of the Child, I find that it is
more appropriate to take the operative date as the IJ date to better account
holistically for the contributions of the parties to the marriage: TEG
([19(c)] supra) at [24]. Therefore, having considered all of these factors, I
conclude that there is no reason to depart from the starting point, and find
that the operative date of identification should be the IJ date, ie, 23
February 2018.

31 Given what I have heard of the parties’ arguments, I find it necessary to
remind parties that the selection of the operative date of identification is
not intended, in most cases, to either reward or punish one or the other of
the parties to the marriage. The concern, rather, is to achieve fairness
between the parties. Further, the complexity of interpersonal relationships
means that the court should be slow to assume that certain decisions would or
would not have the effect of incentivising good conduct or disincentivising
bad conduct. Finally, I observe that it is realistic for the court to
acknowledge that relationships can both improve and disintegrate over time.
The court should be cautious of dividing the relationship with an artificially
clear line where one does not exist. Remaining with the IJ date as the
operative date of identification serves to avoid this risk as it centres the
exercise on a clearly identified juridical act that demarcates a break in the
parties’ relationship.

32 I turn then to consider the operative date for valuing the matrimonial
assets. The Husband argued that the “latest available date” should be used for
valuation, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

HWS at para 21.

but appeared to have agreed with the Wife that some of the assets should be
valued as of 23 February 2018, ie, the IJ date. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

HWS at para 23.

The Wife submitted that the court should value the assets as at the date of
the AM hearing, unless the parties have otherwise agreed in relation to
particular assets.

33 The default position is that the matrimonial assets should be valued at the
date of the first AM hearing, ie 15 January 2020: TDT v TDS and another appeal
and another matter [2016] 4 SLR 145 (“TDT”) at [50]. I see no reason in
principle to depart from this starting point. Where the parties have arrived
at agreed valuations at the earlier IJ date, however, or proposed a choice
between the purported date of separation and the IJ date, I choose not to
disturb their agreement and will use the agreed valuations at the IJ date. I
also note that because of how the parties have been content to run their
cases, the evidence of valuations was largely focused on valuation as of the
IJ date rather than as of the AM date. As such, given the state of evidence
and how the parties have chosen to advance their claims, it is necessary to
use the IJ date for many of the assets in this case.

34 Further, I observe that the date of valuation for assets like bank and
Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) accounts should be the IJ date. As the High
Court Family Division held, “the [matrimonial assets] are the moneys and not
the bank and CPF accounts themselves”: BUX v BUY [2019] SGHCF 4 at [4]. It
follows that the value of these accounts is in fact identical to the amount of
money identified to be present at the IJ date.

Exchange rates

35 The parties have agreed to utilise the exchange rate of US$1.00 = S$1.13
for the purposes of these AM proceedings, for the assets denominated in US
dollars. For assets denominated in Australian dollars, the exchange rate used
is A$1.00 = S$0.96. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 2, ln 28–31.

Where, however, the sums involve past figures, I simply take the parties’ own
calculation of the equivalent currencies for the purposes of valuation, in the
absence of any dispute.

Agreed assets with agreed valuations or for which the dispute over valuation
is solely over the operative date

36 There are a number of assets whose inclusion into the pool of matrimonial
assets is not disputed. Further, of those assets, the dispute over the
valuation of some of these assets turned only on which date was used as the
operative date for identification or valuation. For these assets, the parties
agreed to use either the purported date of separation or the IJ date. As
between the two, I find that the latter is more appropriate. Hence, these
valuations can be easily determined and I deal with them summarily in the
table below:

S/No| Description| Value  
---|---|---  
Joint Assets  
1\. | Standard Chartered Bank (“SCB”) Account No ending in 7331| S$93.97 29

##### Foot Note 29

× Joint Summary of Relevant Information (“JSRI”) at p 7.  
2\. | SCB Account No ending in 2998| S$134.15 30

##### Foot Note 30

× JSRI at p 7.  
3\. | DBS Account No ending in 2407 (“DBS 2407”)| N/A 31

##### Foot Note 31

× JSRI at p 8.  
4\. | DBS Account No ending in 2705 (“DBS 2705”)| N/A 32

##### Foot Note 32

× JSRI at p 9.  
5\. | HSBC Account No ending in 7496| N/A 33

##### Foot Note 33

× JSRI at p 9.  
Wife’s Assets  
6\. | Bukit Timah Property| Gross: S$3.2mNett: S$1,750,511.87 34

##### Foot Note 34

× Husband’s 6th Affidavit of Asset and Means dated 18 March 2020 (“HAAM6”) at
para 5; NE 15 July 2020 at p 7, ln 24.  (after deducting outstanding SCB
mortgage loans as of January 2020)  
7\. | Artwork at Bukit Timah Property| S$79,613.00 35

##### Foot Note 35

× NE 15 January 2020 at p 22, ln 1–4.  
8\. | DBS Account No ending in 9376 (“DBS 9376”)| S$61.35 36

##### Foot Note 36

× JSRI at p 13.  
9\. | DBS Account No ending in 6978 (“DBS 6978”)| S$714.67 37

##### Foot Note 37

× JSRI at p 13.  
10\. | DBS Account No ending in 7629 (“DBS 7629”)| S$20.19 38

##### Foot Note 38

× JSRI at p 15.  
11\. | POSB Account No ending in 2496| S$0.00 39

##### Foot Note 39

× JSRI at p 15.  
Husband’s Assets  
12\. | Audi Car| S$7,797.28 40

##### Foot Note 40

× JSRI at p 20.  
  
37 For completeness, I note that the parties are not disputing that the BMW
Car was sold in 2016 and therefore would not be a matrimonial asset as of the
IJ date. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

JSRI at p 19.

They have also agreed between themselves to exclude some personal effects like
jewellery. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

JSRI at pp 2, 19.

I do not include these in the table above or in the subsequent analysis.

Agreed asset with valuation disputed on other grounds

38 Of the assets agreed to be matrimonial assets, a dispute arose over the
valuation of the [X] LLP Capital Account. This was one of two accounts that
the Husband, as a partner of [X] LLP, maintained, the other being the [X] LLP
Current Account addressed later below. The [X] LLP Capital Account consisted
of the Husband’s capital contributions to the partnership. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See HAAM1 at p 345.

39 There were two aspects to the dispute. First, there was a dispute over the
operative date for valuation. As parties have agreed to use either the
purported date of separation or the IJ date, and as I have found that the
latter is more appropriate, I adopt the agreed gross value as of the IJ date,
being S$495,000.00. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

JSRI at p 18.

Second, there was a dispute over the net value of the [X] LLP Capital Account.
The Husband argued that he had to take out a loan (“the SCB Personal Loan”) of
S$95,000.00 in order to make a contribution to the [X] LLP Capital Account,
and the outstanding loan amount should be deducted from the gross value. Given
that this is a standalone loan rather than a loan secured on the Capital
Account, and it is disputed whether the Wife should share in the liability, I
prefer to deal with this below under the Husband’s disputed assets and
liabilities (see [98] below). For present purposes, I conclude that the value
of the [X] LLP Capital Account is S$495,000.00.

Disputed assets and liabilities

40 I turn to the remaining assets and liabilities. These are subject to
dispute over their inclusion in the matrimonial pool. I deal first with the
Wife’s assets and liabilities before turning to the Husband’s.

(1) Wife’s assets and liabilities

(A) Friends Provident International policy

41 The Friends Provident International (“FPI”) policy was a policy held in the
Wife’s name. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

HWS at para 84.

The Wife surrendered the policy in October 2017, and the evidence present
before the court shows that the Wife thereby incurred a surrender penalty of
US$16,800.53 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

WAAM1 at p 124.

and obtained the surrender value of US$38,807.10. The surrender value was
transferred to her account, DBS 7629. The Wife claimed that she needed to
surrender the policy because the Husband had restricted her access to funds.
First, she alleged, the Husband had transferred S$705,350.00 from the parties’
joint account to his CitiGold Account ending in 1015 (for which, see below at
[84]). Second, in early 2016, the Husband imposed a S$10,000.00 monthly credit
limit on the Wife’s Citibank supplementary Visa credit card (“the Citibank
Supplementary Card”). She had raised concerns about her expenses to the
Husband at around that time, for example, by way of an email dated 7 March
2016. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

WWS at para 44.

As a result of the Husband’s actions, she had to obtain a loan from her
parents to pay off various debts and expenses. In addition, she had to
surrender the FPI policy for herself and the Child’s expenses. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

WWS at para 45.

The surrender value has since been applied towards her and the Child’s
expenses.

42 The Husband argued that this sum should be returned to the pool of
matrimonial assets as the Wife should not have incurred the surrender penalty
at the time. Further, the surrender value should be returned to the pool as
well because it was spent on legal fees, which expense should not be borne by
the Husband. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 71, ln 4–12.

43 In my judgment, this is an appropriate case in which to return the
surrender penalty to the pool of matrimonial assets. In this case, the writ of
divorce was already filed in January 2017\. The surrender of the FPI policy
was in October 2017, after the filing of the writ. In this regard, the Court
of Appeal held in TNL ([13(c)] supra) at [24]:

… [T]he issue is how the court should deal with substantial sums expended by
one spouse during the period: (a) in which divorce proceedings are imminent;
or (b) after interim judgment but before the ancillaries are concluded. We are
of the view that if, during these periods, and whether by way of gift or
otherwise, one spouse expends a substantial sum, this sum must be returned to
the asset pool if the other spouse is considered to have at least a putative
interest in it and has not agreed, either expressly or impliedly, to the
expenditure either before it was incurred or at any subsequent time.
Furthermore, this remains the case regardless of whether: (a) the expenditure
was a deliberate attempt to dissipate matrimonial assets; or (b) the
expenditure was for the benefit of the children or other relatives. The spouse
who makes such a payment must be prepared to bear it personally and in full.
In the absence of consent, he or she cannot expect the other spouse to share
in it. What constitutes a substantial sum is, of course, a question of fact
and we do not propose to lay down a hard and fast rule in this regard, except
to emphasise that it is not intended to include daily, run-of-the-mill
expenses.

44 Although the FPI policy was in the Wife’s name, both the Husband and the
Wife were the lives assured under the policy. I also agree with the Husband
that there were other options available to the Wife, and that her unilateral
decision to surrender the FPI policy at that time resulted in a reduction of
the pool of matrimonial assets available for division. While I recognise that
the Wife may have felt that she needed to surrender the policy at that time, I
also note that the correspondence with the Husband concerning her expenses
which the Wife referred to was earlier in 2016. The Wife has not pointed to
any contemporaneous correspondence around the time of the surrender of the FPI
policy in which the issue of expenses was discussed. Further, as the Husband
has highlighted, even though the credit limit was reduced from S$40,000.00 to
S$10,000.00 in early 2016, the credit card statements show that the Wife did
not regularly reach beyond S$10,000.00. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 78, ln 6–14.

In all the circumstances, I do not think that the loss of US$16,800.53 was
reasonably incurred. Given that the surrender occurred after the filing of the
writ of divorce, I find that this sum should be returned to the pool of
matrimonial assets.

45 As for the balance of the surrender value, however, I disagree with the
Husband that it needs to be added into the pool of matrimonial assets. I do
not find that there is sufficient evidence to conclude that the surrender
value was not used for her expenses. The table referred to in the forensic
accountant’s report (at Appendix 7C) 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Jolyn Khoo’s 1st Affidavit dated 11 December 2019 at p 84.

is of limited utility as it does not show the balance of the account and the
other transactions. Finally, although the sum taken as a whole is significant,
it is more accurate to see this as one withdrawal that is then spent on
various purchases and payments. None of those purchases and payments has been
shown by the Husband to be substantial within the meaning of the TNL dicta.
Where, however, there is evidence of specific sums that should be added back
into the pool of matrimonial assets, I deal with these apart from the FPI
policy, since the payments could have come from other sources. I deal
specifically with the Husband’s contention concerning legal fees 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 71, ln 8–12.

below at [100]–[103].

46 Therefore, I choose to add S$18,984.60 (being US$16,800.53 at the agreed
exchange rate) into the pool of matrimonial assets. I will treat this sum as
an advance to the Wife in coming to the appropriate apportionment.

(B) Loan for Company [Y]

47 Various shareholder loans were given to the Wife’s business, Company [Y].
The Husband argued that of these loans, a sum of S$300,000.00 should be added
back into the pool of matrimonial assets. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

HWS at para 90.

In effect, he argued that Company [Y] ought to have been wound up earlier – if
the Wife had done so, they would have saved S$200,000.00 to S$300,000.00.
Since she did not, the sum should be returned to the pool of assets as a loss
that should not have been incurred. I note that while the Husband also raised
an allegation of a breach of the obligation to make full and frank disclosure,
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

HWS at para 93.

those allegations pertained to the Wife’s failure to provide information about
Company [Y]’s business before matrimonial proceedings were brought. His real
concern was with the expenditure of matrimonial assets for the sake of Company
[Y] without his consent. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

HWS at paras 95 and 98.

As the Court of Appeal has clarified in UZN ([13] supra) at [68], the concepts
of non-disclosure and dissipation are conceptually distinct. I deal with this
issue on the basis of whether the sums expended for Company [Y] should be
returned to the pool of matrimonial assets.

48 The last injections of money into Company [Y] occurred in 2016, and Company
[Y] has lain dormant since then. I note that the Husband had already commenced
negotiations with the Wife throughout 2016 to reach an agreement on an
uncontested divorce. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

HWS at para 19.

Further, in 2015, when the Wife disclosed the extent of the losses suffered by
Company [Y] to the Husband, the Husband asked the Wife to shut the business
down to avoid incurring further losses and debts. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

HAAM1 at para 68.

The Wife went on, however, to inject S$64,000.00 and S$22,000.00 into Company
[Y] in 2015 and 2016 respectively.

49 In my judgment, the amounts injected into Company [Y] in 2016 by the Wife
should be returned to the pool of matrimonial assets and treated as an advance
to the Wife out of her share of the pool. In 2016, the divorce proceedings
were imminent given the existing negotiations. This also came after the
Husband made clear that the decision to continue Company [Y]’s business was
her “solo” decision. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Husband’s 2nd Affidavit of Asset and Means dated 21 October 2019 (“HAAM2”) at
p 280.

Her business decisions in 2016 were therefore unilateral, and expended
resources that the Husband could claim a putative interest in. Given that
Company [Y] is now dormant, I prefer to treat the money as expended rather
than being the subject of a loan (which would be treated as an existing asset
held by the Wife against Company [Y]). This, in my view, is the only realistic
option.

50 However, I do not see a basis in principle for returning money expended
before 2016 into the pool of matrimonial assets. Although the parties were
separated, divorce proceedings were not yet imminent. That there was on-going
disagreement between the Husband and the Wife over Company [Y] is not, in and
of itself, sufficient to suggest that the funds put into the company should be
returned. Losses incurred by one party to the marriage are generally to be
borne by the couple. This follows from the fact that marriage is “in part an
economic union in which each spouse’s financial well-being is entwined with
the other”: ATT v ATS [2012] 2 SLR 859 (“ATT”) at [11]. There, the Court of
Appeal held at [11]–[12]:

11 … Just as gains are shared, so should the losses. It cannot be the case
that appreciating assets fall to be divided as part of the common pool whilst
depreciating assets or liabilities incurred in seeking to enhance the wealth
of the family are attributed entirely to the investing spouse. Adopting such a
stance would unfairly penalise the breadwinning party for every financial loss
incurred. …

12 … The passive spouse must take the good as well as the bad, unless that
spouse can show that the losses were not incurred bona fide or for some other
good reasons should not be treated as a loss of the family. …

51 This must be considered together with the recent pronouncement of the Court
of Appeal in UZN ([13] supra) at [70]:

… Restrictions on the parties’ disposal of large quantities of matrimonial
assets, meanwhile, generally only come to the fore after divorce proceedings
are imminent, as explained in the TNL dicta (see [62]–[65] above). On the
other hand, if a party appears to be spending significant sums of money which
the other spouse does not support (say, on gambling activities) before divorce
proceedings are imminent, the argument is instead one of financial
irresponsibility, which will impact the question of the parties’ direct and
indirect contributions to the marriage in applying the ANJ structured approach
(see [67] above). This argument would have no impact on the identification or
quantification of the matrimonial assets themselves. [emphasis in original in
italics; emphasis added in bold]

52 In other words, losses incurred by one spouse should generally be borne by
both parties to the marriage. Losses, however, can take different forms in
different cases, and what form the loss takes in a particular case may affect
how it is treated. In the present case, the dispute is over sums expended in a
loss-making enterprise, which the Husband wants to be returned to the pool of
matrimonial assets. This is not a case where there is a debt and the question
is who should bear it and in what proportions. Where the issue is whether sums
of money should be returned to the pool of matrimonial assets, the court is
guided by the authorities at two levels: (a) whether there is a reason to
depart from the usual principle that the family should bear the loss together:
see ATT; and (b) if so, whether the sum of money should be returned to the
pool of matrimonial assets: see UZN. According to UZN, it is only if the
divorce proceedings are imminent that sums of money should be returned to the
pool of matrimonial assets. Otherwise, if (a) is answered in the affirmative
but divorce proceedings are not imminent, the court deals with the issue in
terms of contributions rather than identification of assets.

53 Hence, in this case, given my finding that the divorce proceedings were
imminent in 2016, I choose only to return the sum injected into Company [Y]’s
business by the Wife in 2016, ie, S$22,000.00, to the pool of matrimonial
assets.

(C) Credit card debts

54 The Wife urged the court to deduct liabilities that she had incurred from
the pool of matrimonial assets. These were a credit card debt for her HSBC
Credit Card No ending in 3723 (“HSBC Card 3723”) and a personal loan in SCB
CreditOne Account No ending in 4318 (“SCB Account 4318”), with debts of
S$27,894.16 and S$34,365.08 as of the IJ date respectively. The Husband argued
that the Wife should be made to bear these liabilities herself. In substance,
his argument was that the Wife should not have incurred these liabilities,
and, as such, these liabilities should not be deducted from the pool of
matrimonial assets.

55 In my view, the principles to apply to such an argument are the same as
those found in TNL ([13(c)] supra) at [24]. A decision not to allow
liabilities to be deducted from the matrimonial assets is, in substance, the
same as a decision to return sums expended into the pool of matrimonial
assets. The only difference is whether the expenses were paid for up-front
with cash, or whether credit was used for the purchases.

56 In relation to HSBC Card 3723, the transactions worth more than S$1,000.00
were helpfully extracted in the report by AAG. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Jolyn Khoo’s Affidavit dated 11 December 2019 at p 88.

In my view, there was nothing so exceptional in any of these transactions such
that the amounts should be borne by the Wife herself. Although there was
expenditure for luxury goods and apparel, as well as travel, around 2016 and
2017, I do not find that any of these are “substantial” in the manner referred
to in the TNL dicta, especially given the lifestyle to which the Husband and
Wife were accustomed to. I therefore find that it is appropriate to include
this liability in the pool of matrimonial assets, as this sum would otherwise
have had to been paid by cash. In relation to SCB Account 4318, I take the
same approach as the Husband’s arguments in relation to this account were
largely the same. I also include this liability in the pool of matrimonial
assets. Therefore, I account for these two liabilities in arriving at the
value of the pool of matrimonial assets.

(D) Loan from family

57 The Wife’s parents had provided money to her by way of various bank
transfers through the years. The Wife argued that these were loans that she
had to repay, and asked for these sums to be deducted from the pool of
matrimonial assets. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

WWS at para 79.

The Husband argued instead that these were gifts that did not have to be
repaid, and asked that these sums not be deducted from the pool. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

HWS at para 107.

58 These sums were provided before the IJ date. I summarise the transfers made
by the Wife’s parents to her as follows:

S/N| Date| Receiving Account| Amount  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | 23 November 2015| DBS 9376| S$30,264.00 62

##### Foot Note 62

× Wife’s 4th Affidavit (Discovery) dated 6 August 2019 (“WA4”) at p 378.  
2\. | 8 January 2016| DBS 9376| S$19,578.78 63

##### Foot Note 63

× WA4 at p 379.  
3\. | 1 February 2016| DBS 9376| S$39,848.00 64

##### Foot Note 64

× WA4 at p 380.  
4\. | 29 March 2016| DBS 9376| S$20,434.00 65

##### Foot Note 65

× WA4 at p 381.  
5\. | 14 September 2016| DBS 9376| S$30,300.00 66

##### Foot Note 66

× WA4 at p 382.  
6\. | 6 February 2017| DBS 9376| S$31,980.00 67

##### Foot Note 67

× WA4 at p 383.  
7\. | 20 March 2017| DBS 9376| S$10,666.00 68

##### Foot Note 68

× WA4 at p 384.  
Sub-total| S$183,070.78  
8\. | 22 May 2017| DBS 6978| A$40,000.00 69

##### Foot Note 69

× WA4 at p 385.  
9\. | 14 July 2017| DBS 6978| A$20,000.00 70

##### Foot Note 70

× WA4 at p 386.  
10\. | 4 October 2017| DBS 6978| A$10,000.00 71

##### Foot Note 71

× WA4 at p 387.  
11\. | 24 November 2017| DBS 6978| A$15,000.00 72

##### Foot Note 72

× WA4 at p 388.  
Sub-total| A$85,000.00 (~S$88,400.00)  
Total| S$271,470.78  
  
59 As this alleged loan involves non-parties, I first consider the appropriate
approach to take. The Husband urged the court to disregard the alleged loan on
the basis that the Wife’s parents are strangers to the matrimonial
proceedings, citing UTL v UTM [2019] SGHCF 10 (“UTL”) at [53]. In that case,
the husband had alleged that the wife had borrowed money from his mother, and
that the loans were still outstanding and should be deducted from the pool of
matrimonial assets. The wife’s main contention was that any money taken from
the husband’s mother had already been repaid: UTL at [52]. The dispute,
therefore, was whether the wife still owed money to the husband’s mother,
which was an issue primarily to be determined between the wife and the
husband’s mother, not between the wife and the husband. The High Court Family
Division was therefore the view that the alleged loan should not be dealt with
in the matrimonial proceedings, and declined to deduct the loan amount from
the pool of matrimonial assets: UTL at [53]. It bears noting that in UTL, the
argument does not appear to have been that the loans were to be considered as
matrimonial liabilities, but that the outstanding sums should be deducted from
the pool as some kind of set-off. Such an argument clearly could not be
sustained if the alleged creditor was not a party to the proceedings. In my
view, UTL can be distinguished given the particular nature of the argument run
by the husband in that case. In the present instance, the Wife argued instead
that the loans from her parents were in the nature of debts incurred for her
expenses, and that the debts should be borne by both parties.

60 I take reference from the jurisprudence surrounding non-party claims to
interests in matrimonial properties, usually by way of a resulting trust: see
UDA v UDB and another [2018] 1 SLR 1015 (“UDA”). In those cases, where the
property is in the name of one of the parties and no order is sought by or
against the non-party, ie, where the non-party is a “‘shadowy’ figure in the
wings”, the position is that the court is entitled to make an order under s
112 WC in relation to that property because that order would only bind the
parties to the matrimonial proceedings: UDA at [58]. The difference between
those category of cases and the present dispute is that the interests in the
former are proprietary interests, whereas in the present dispute, I am
concerned with a personal obligation allegedly owed by the Wife. However, in
the final analysis, the principles to be applied are similar, since the key
question is whether the court in hearing matrimonial proceedings should make
any orders that may affect a non-party’s interests (whether proprietary or
personal). It follows that the court continues to be able to make findings in
relation to assets or obligations involved in the matrimonial proceedings even
if it might touch on a non-party’s interests, but with the concomitant risk
that one or the other party may be prejudiced if the non-party subsequently
disputes the conclusion: UDA at [57]–[58].

61 I therefore proceed to consider if the transfers should be treated as gifts
or as loans, rather than to disregard the issue entirely. In my judgment,
there is insufficient evidence to show that the transfers were intended as
loans. The Wife has referred to two letters from the Wife’s mother, one dated
15 May 2019 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

WA4 at p 377.

and one dated 19 November 2019. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Wife’s 7th Affidavit dated 4 December 2019 (“WA7”) at p 104.

She has also pointed to a WhatsApp conversation with her mother dated 6
February 2017 in which she thanked her mother for “lending [her] the money”.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Wife’s 6th Affidavit dated 21 November 2019 (“WA6”) at p 33.

In my view, the evidence was not sufficiently clear to show that all of the
sums transferred were intended as loans. First, the only relatively
contemporaneous evidence was dated 6 February 2017. However, the message in
that instance did not discuss any details of the loan arrangement, and in the
context, it is possible that the word “lending” was used loosely. In any
event, that message only pertained to one out of 11 transfers. Even if it is
accepted that this sum was a loan, this did not indicate that the rest of the
transfers were also loans. Second, the other evidence concerning the details
of the loan arrangement are not contemporaneous and can only be found in the
letters in May and November 2019. It is also worth noting that the 15 May 2019
letter did not contain any details as to the loan arrangement, which details
are suddenly present in the 19 November 2019 letter. This did not inspire
confidence that there was a loan arrangement from the outset.

62 Therefore, I do not deduct the alleged loan amount from the pool of
matrimonial assets. Further, while gifts are not to be treated as matrimonial
assets under s 112(10) WC, there is no evidence that the sums in the various
accounts were derived from these sums transferred by the Wife’s parents.

(2) Husband’s assets and liabilities

(A) Airline Miles

63 The Wife claimed that the “miles” that the Husband had earned in the
frequent flyer program (“Airline Miles”) were matrimonial assets that should
be divided. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

WWS at para 111.

Based on a document disclosed by the Husband, he had 177,851 Airline Miles as
of 19 June 2019. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Husband’s Affidavit (Discovery Supplementary) dated 5 November 2019 at p 624.

The Husband argued that he did not have access to the exact number of miles as
of the IJ date and that there was no evidence as to when they were
accumulated. His position was that they should be disregarded as the Wife
already had enjoyed the benefit of the miles redeemed at an earlier period. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 19, ln 17–18.

Both parties appeared to proceed on the assumption that Airline Miles amounted
to assets that could be divided.

64 Assuming for present purposes that Airline Miles can be divided as
matrimonial assets under s 112 WC, I am of the view that it is not appropriate
to do so in this case. Neither party has presented any satisfactory way to
value the Airline Miles, given that these are, effectively, concessions given
by the airline company to reward loyalty. The parties have not provided the
contracts between the Husband and the airline company to show how these
Airline Miles operate. While in specie division was also mooted by the
parties, no evidence has been put before me about whether such Airline Miles
can be transferred or assigned to give effect to an order for in specie
division. As neither party has provided sufficient basis for valuation or
division, and there is no indication that their value would be significant in
the context of the entire pool of matrimonial assets, I decline to include the
Airline Miles into the pool of matrimonial assets.

65 I note here that I leave open the question whether Airline Miles can be
treated as matrimonial assets until it can be considered with full arguments
from counsel. I observe that the power of the court in these proceedings is
governed by s 112 WC. Under s 112(1) WC, this is the power to “order the
division between the parties of any matrimonial asset” or the sale of such
asset and division of the proceeds of sale. As a preliminary point, it must be
shown that what the parties intend for the court to divide is an asset within
the meaning of s 112(1) WC. The only decision which appears to have dealt with
the question of Airline Miles is TLY v TLZ [2016] SGFC 35, a decision of the
Family Court, to which the Wife referred. At [14], the learned District Judge
considered Airline Miles as matrimonial assets to be divided. I note though
that no reasons were provided for why they were included.

66 The Court of Appeal has observed in Chan Teck Hock David v Leong Mei Chuan
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 76 (“Chan Teck Hock”) at [17] that:

… [T]he term “matrimonial asset” has been given a very wide meaning by the
legislature to include any asset of any nature, subject only to the specific
exception [ie, in s 112(10)(b) WC, concerning gifts and inheritance]. …

While the term is broad, it still must refer to an “asset”. It is not entirely
clear to me that points in a loyalty programme, even though governed by
contract, which secure concessions and discounts towards purchases when used,
can be treated as assets. There is also the question of how the term “assets”,
as it is used in s 112(10) WC, relates to “property”. A decision on this point
may have implications for whether other things (to use a neutral term) like
points in a loyalty programme or virtual objects like items in video games
(which may have a real-world monetary value) may or may not fall within the
scope of matrimonial assets. However, as this is not necessary in this case
given my conclusion above, I do not come to a decision on this question.

(B) [X] LLP Current Account

67 As noted above, the Husband, as a partner of [X] LLP, maintained two
accounts with [X] LLP, a Capital Account and a Current Account. The dispute in
relation to the [X] LLP Current Account is whether the sum recorded in the
Current Account as the Husband’s profit share is a matrimonial asset to be
divided. The Wife’s argument was that the balance of the Current Account
represents the undisbursed amounts to which the Husband remains entitled, and
is therefore a matrimonial asset that can be divided. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

WWS at para 47.

In particular, she sought a division of the balance of the Current Account as
of 30 June 2017, valued at S$588,192.00. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

WWS at para 46.

The Husband disagreed and claimed that the Current Account was a merely
notional account (in his words, “a mere statement”) and that it did not
represent any assets. When the Current Account was in credit, these amounts
would have been paid to the Husband as earnings or drawings, and when the
Current Account was in debit, that sum represents over-drawings by the Husband
which would have to be repaid or set-off. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

HWS at para 32.

Hence, since the amounts have been disbursed, accounting for the Current
Account in addition to the Husband’s other assets would be double counting. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

HWS at para 33.

68 To support his argument, the Husband tendered a letter from [X] LLP dated 9
July 2020 which sets out the working definition of “Current Account” as
follows: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Exhibit H2; see correspondence from Husband dated 21 July 2020.

Current Account – a notional account which is personal to each Singapore
Shareholder and maintained and administered by the Firm in respect of such
Singapore Shareholder. It is a record of the net profits allocated to such
Singapore Shareholder (ie his earnings) and drawings made by such Singapore
Shareholder. The drawings are made in accordance with prevailing practice
(which is currently paid as 1/12th each month in the following financial
year). For the avoidance of doubt, the Singapore Shareholder is not entitled
to draw out any of the allocated net profits, except in accordance with the
prevailing practice.

69 Insofar as the Wife was claiming the balance of the Current Account as of
30 June 2017, I agree with the Husband that this claim must fail entirely. The
balance of the Current Account as of that date was clearly all withdrawn by 23
February 2018, ie, the IJ date. Those sums would be accounted for in
identifying the assets as of 23 February 2018, and there is no basis for
further adding the balance as of 30 June 2017 into the pool of matrimonial
assets. This would constitute double counting.

70 The more accurate submission on the evidence would be that the balance of
the Current Account as of 30 June 2018 (or at least a part thereof), which has
not yet been disbursed to the Husband as of the IJ date, should be included in
the pool of matrimonial assets. I proceed to consider whether that balance
should treated as matrimonial assets. I deal with this issue in two parts.
First, I determine the significance of the balance of the Current Account.
Second, in that light, I consider what part of that should be treated as a
matrimonial asset to be divided.

71 In my view, the balance of the Current Account as of 30 June 2018
represents the Husband’s entitlement to be paid that sum in the following year
by way of drawings from the Current Account.

72 First, this can be seen from the various Current Account statements
tendered by the Husband. I summarise these statements from Financial Year
(“FY”) 2013 to FY 2018. Based on these statements, the FYs are taken as 1 July
of one year to 30 June of the following year, hence, eg, FY 2018 is from 1
July 2017 to 30 June 2018. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

HAAM1 at pp 346–351.

Years| Opening balance (S$)| Total drawings (S$)| Balance before FY profit
(S$)| Profit share for FY (S$)| Balance after FY profit and adjustments (S$)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
2012-2013 (FY 2013)| 317,089| 684,835| -367,746| 754,232| 370,028  
2013-2014 (FY 2014)| 370,028| 772,383| -402,355| 902,231| 478,699  
2014-2015 (FY 2015)| 478,699| 897,340| -418,641| 1,045,119| 607,961  
2015-2016 (FY 2016)| 607,961| 1,068,709| -460,748| 1,134,682| 642,063  
2016-2017 (FY 2017)| 642,063| 1,162,028| -519,965| 1,117,837| 588,192  
2017-2018 (FY 2018) 85

##### Foot Note 85

× Husband’s 5th Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 10 January 2020 (“HAAM5”) at p 28. | 588,192| 1,121,149| -532,957| 1,279,262| 711,895  
  
73 I make a few observations about these statements. First, at the end of each
FY, the balance is carried over as the opening balance of the next FY. Second,
the drawings from the current account are taken out of that opening balance,
but always exceed that opening balance, leading to a debit in the balance
prior to the addition of the profit for that FY. Third, the profit share for
that FY (after various adjustments, for example, for tax) is added to that
balance, resulting in the closing balance for the FY, and the cycle continues
again to the following FY. In effect, what happens in each FY is that the
profit share for that FY is “split” between making up for the deficit after
the drawings in that FY and then being drawn down in the following FY, before
being depleted and then running the Current Account into a deficit again.

74 Taking FY 2018 for illustration, the opening balance was S$588,192.00. The
drawings from the Current Account for 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 totalled
S$1,121,149.00, leaving a deficit of S$532,957.00. When the profit share for
FY 2018 was added (and other adjustments made), that brought the Current
Account into credit again, and the balance as of 30 June 2018 (including
profit share and adjustments) was S$711,895.00. Based on the practice shown in
the statements, that sum would then be drawn down from 1 July 2018 onwards.
The total profit share for FY 2018 (after adjustments) was therefore split
between (a) paying down the deficit of S$532,957.00; and (b) a balance of
S$711,895.00 which is drawn down from 1 July 2018 onwards.

75 Furthermore, the profit share stated is the profit share for that FY,
meaning that it is the share of profits generated from 1 July of the prior
calendar year to 30 June of the present calendar year. In other words, it was
a profit already earned in that FY which was then disbursed in the following
year after making up for any deficit in the Current Account. This is in
contrast to a “salary”, strictly speaking – the Husband as a partner appears,
on the evidence, to share in the partnership’s profit, which can only be
determined retrospectively after the profit has been earned.

76 Second, this is consistent with the letter from [X] LLP tendered by the
Husband. The fact that it is a “notional” account does not mean that there is
no real entitlement to the money. “Notional” merely means that there is no
direct correspondence to any particular money in any given bank account. It is
an account kept independently of any particular asset, but which records a
real entitlement to money. The letter also states that it records the
allocation of net profits – these profits have already been earned in that FY
and are then shared among the partners. The balance is then drawn down monthly
in the following FY (ie, the prevailing practice), and the profits cannot be
accessed in any way other than through this prevailing practice. In other
words, the net profit is to be drawn down by the partner in the following FY.
This is consistent with my description of the Current Account above.

77 It follows that the balance as of 30 June 2018 represents the Husband’s
entitlement to the profits of the partnership as of that date. In other words,
this is money that he had already earned because it was generated in that FY.
It is not a prospective prediction of future profits, or simply an expression
of future income. I therefore do not accept the Husband’s claim that these
sums are simply “income” to be earned in the future.

78 I turn then to the second step in this analysis, which is to consider what
part of the Current Account should be treated as matrimonial assets. I draw an
analogy to the treatment of stock options by the Court of Appeal in Chan Teck
Hock ([66] supra). In that case, the Court held that unvested stock options,
ie, “a contract to grant an option upon fulfilment of a condition”, were
choses in action that could be treated as matrimonial assets under s 112(10)
WC. In the present case, the entitlement to the profit share is even more
clearly an asset, as it exists as a right that the Husband has to that share
as a partner. In Chan Teck Hock, while one category of stock options had
already vested as of the date of the decree nisi (ie, the IJ date), there were
some that had not yet vested in the husband as of that date. Similarly, in the
present case, the profit share for FY 2018 had not yet “vested” in the Husband
as it was only included in the Current Account at the end of FY 2018, whereas
the IJ date was in February 2018. The question in both Chan Teck Hock and the
present case is how to deal with the “unvested” entitlement. The Court of
Appeal in Chan Teck Hock took the following approach (at [37]):

We would hasten to add that even as between the second and third categories of
stock options, there is a need to differentiate between them. Whereas, in
respect of the second category stock options, they were already vested (ie
already earned), the same is not so in respect of the third category stock
options. The husband had to continue rendering services to Dell beyond the
date of the decree nisi to acquire the options. So in respect of these third
category stock options, they were given not just for services rendered prior
to the decree nisi but also for services to be rendered post the decree.
Otherwise there would have been no necessity to postdate the vesting of
options. In this regard, we would adopt the “time rule” advocated in Hug ([19]
supra) by the Court of Appeal of California. The effect of that rule is to
treat only that portion of the stock options as matrimonial assets as is
obtained by multiplying the stock options in question by the fraction obtained
between the period in months between the commencement of the husband’s
employment with Dell and the date of the decree nisi as the numerator and the
period in months between his commencement of the employment with Dell and the
date when the stock option was exercisable by him as the denominator. Only
that portion of the third category stock options as so computed would be
reckoned as matrimonial assets. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

79 In my view, a similar approach can be taken to the Husband’s share in the
FY 2018 profit. It would be inappropriate for the whole of that share to be
treated as matrimonial assets as what the Husband earned for his work after
February 2018 (ie, the month of the IJ date) would not be correctly identified
as matrimonial assets based on the operative date of identification. At the
same time, it is not possible to identify, on the evidence, how exactly the
profit share was earned that year. Therefore, I choose to make a broad
estimation in terms of months – assuming a constant earning of the profit
share throughout the year, I identify only that part of the profit share that
can be attributed to work done before February 2018 as matrimonial assets.
Further, as there were various adjustments made to the profit share before it
was added to the Current Account, I use the sum of S$1,244,852.00, being the
net profit share indicated in the relevant statement which already
incorporates those adjustments, . 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

HAAM5 at p 28.

80 I first determine what portion of the net FY 2018 profit share can be
attributed (approximately) to work done between July 2017 and February 2018
(including February 2018 itself as the IJ date was towards the end of that
month). The portion of the FY 2018 profit share that can be attributed to work
done prior to the IJ date would be ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAA0AAAAbCAYAAACnZAX6AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAABXSURBVDhP7dDrCgAQDIDRvf9LTxNaG1tbIuUrP1xOBDDRSwgA1Jhl3hRGK0DtQxagLiIPUP6JSTlEzwmPhkN91Kqof6WMfzNvzNSGMV8i2Rkk91yk1xELI2L8PMbN8LAAAAAASUVORK5CYII=),
as seven months of work was done before the IJ date. Multiplying that by the
FY 2018 profit share, S$1,244,852.00, gives S$726,163.67.

81 I then deduct from that sum the amount that has already been paid out in
2017–2018 up to the IJ date. This would leave the amount of the profit share
that is a matrimonial asset and has not yet been paid out and accounted for in
the other assets as of the IJ date. For this, I consider the drawings in FY
2018 in detail, as tabulated: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

HAAM5 at p 28.

S/N| Month| Drawing (S$)  
---|---|---  
1\. | July 2017| 76,678.00  
2\. | August 2017| 76,678.00  
3\. | September 2017| 76,678.00  
4\. | October 2017| 106,846.00  
5\. | November 2017| 102,846.00  
6\. | December 2017| 97,346.00  
7\. | January 2018| 97,346.00  
8\. | February 2018| 97,346.00  
9\. | March 2018| 97,346.00  
10\. | April 2018| 97,346.00  
11\. | May 2018| 97,346.00  
12\. | June 2018| 97,346.00  
Total| 1,121,149.00  
  
The opening balance as of 1 July 2017 was S$588,192.00. Up to and including
the January 2018 drawing, the Husband had withdrawn a total of S$634,418.00.
That left a deficit of S$46,226.00 (being S$634,418.00 − S$588,192.00). This
sum, together with all the subsequent drawings, would have been paid out of
the Husband’s share of the FY 2018 profit. Specifically, as of the IJ date,
the sum of S$143,572.00 (being the sums of the remainders for January and
February 2018, S$46,226.00 + S$97,346.00) would already have been paid out.
The Husband’s share of the FY 2018 profits earned up to February 2018 that
remain to be paid out would therefore be S$582,591.67 (being S$726,163.67 −
S$143,572.00).

82 I therefore add the sum of S$582,591.67 to the pool of matrimonial assets,
being the Husband’s share of the FY 2018 profits that have not yet been paid
out and which can, on the approach I have taken, be approximately attributed
to his work up to the IJ date.

(C) [X] Services LLP Current and Capital Accounts

83 The Wife had initially contended that the Husband had two other current and
capital accounts with another partnership of which he was partner, [X]
Services LLP. However, the Wife subsequently withdrew this contention and no
longer pursued it before me. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

See Exhibit W1 dated 15 January 2020; NE 15 July 2020 at p 13, ln 1–11.

I therefore do not need to say anything more about this. It also follows that
the Wife’s submission that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
Husband for failing to disclose these accounts was no longer pursued.

(D) CitiGold Account No ending in 1015

84 The Husband had opened a CitiGold Account No ending in 1015 (“CitiGold
1015”) in March 2014. The dispute over whether this account should be included
in the pool of matrimonial assets turned entirely on the operative date of
identification. As I have held that the operative date is the IJ date,
CitiGold 1015 is clearly a part of the pool of matrimonial assets. As this is
a bank account, I also value it at the IJ date. The balance as of 23 February
2018 was S$27,974.95, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

HAAM1 at p 163.

which I take to be the value of this account.

(E) Jaguar Car/Volkswagen Car

85 The Husband had owned the Jaguar Car which he purchased on 28 September
2016. This car was later sold in January 2019 when the Husband purchased the
Volkswagen Car. The Husband argued that neither of these were matrimonial
assets as they were purchased after the purported date of separation. The Wife
argued that the Jaguar Car was an asset as it was purchased before the IJ date
and was owned by the Husband as of the IJ date, and the Volkswagen Car was an
asset as well as it was purchased with funds from the pool of matrimonial
assets, even if it had been purchased after the IJ date.

86 I agree with the Wife that the Jaguar Car should be included in the pool of
matrimonial assets. It was purchased before the IJ date and was owned by the
Husband as of the IJ date. It was agreed by the parties that the gross value
of the Jaguar Car as of the IJ date was S$186,000.00, and the Wife identified
S$108,173.32 as being due under the car loan which was used to finance the
purchase of the Jaguar Car as of 21 January 2019. Deducting the outstanding
loan amount from the gross value gives S$77,826.68 and I value the Jaguar Car
accordingly as it is the valuation supported by the best evidence and the
parties’ agreement even if it is not the AM date (see [33] above). 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

JSRI at p 38; NE 15 July 2020 at p 41, ln 16–17.

87 The Volkwagen Car, however, is not a matrimonial asset. It was purchased
after the IJ date. Although it would likely have been funded by what were
matrimonial assets, to include it in the pool would double count the value of
the Jaguar Car that was converted into sale proceeds, as well as any cash used
that would have been found in the bank accounts valued as of the IJ date.
Therefore, I could not accept Wife’s argument that it should be added because
the Husband would have used matrimonial assets to purchase the car.

(F) Various shares

88 The Husband owned shares in three companies: Company [A], Company [B], and
Company [C].

89 The Husband had purchased 100,000 shares in Company [A] on 3 November 2016
for S$100,000.00. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

JSRI at p 40.

The parties’ dispute over the inclusion of these shares was based entirely on
the operative date of identification. Since I have found that the IJ date is
the operative date, it follows that these shares are matrimonial assets to be
divided. As for the valuation of the shares, the Husband has tendered evidence
to show that, as of May 2019, Company [A] was planning on selling its
intellectual property, with no funds left over for the shareholders of the
company. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

HAAM2 at p 124.

Counsel for the Wife conceded before me that the shares in Company [A] were
“actually worth nothing”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 48, ln 26–27.

I am satisfied that the shares in Company [A] should be valued at S$0.00.

90 The Wife’s argument, however, is that the sums used to purchase the 100,000
shares in Company [A] should be returned to the pool of matrimonial assets as
it constituted an expenditure under TNL ([13(c)] supra). The Wife
characterised this as a “gamble” that the Husband took on his own accord
without consulting with the Wife. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 48, ln 8–9.

I do not accept that argument. As counsel for the Wife candidly accepted, if
the investment had turned a profit, the Wife would naturally have sought a
share of the profits. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 48, ln 11–14.

This was not simply an expenditure, but an investment – the Husband expected a
return on his investment, and any increase in the value of the shares would be
shared between the Husband and the Wife. Taking reference from ATT ([50]
supra) at [11]–[12], I choose not to add back the sum expended for these
shares into the pool of matrimonial assets. I clarify that this decision is
fact-specific, and, in an appropriate case, the court may choose to add back
in the sums spent on a purported investment when the divorce proceedings are
imminent.

91 The Husband had purchased 1,777 shares in Company [B] on 22 December 2016.
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

HAAM1 at p 276.

Similar to the shares in Company [A], since I have found that the operative
date for inclusion is the IJ date, it follows that these shares are
matrimonial assets. The parties have agreed on a valuation of S$100,000.00 for
these shares, being the sum invested into that company. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

HAAM2 at para 31.

I therefore value the 1,777 shares in Company [B] at S$100,000.00.

92 As for the shares in Company [C], these were purchased in September 2018,
after the IJ date. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

JSRI at p 41.

Therefore, I do not treat these as matrimonial assets.

(G) SCB BonusSaver Account

93 The Husband had a SCB BonusSaver Account No ending in 2554 (“SCB 2554”).
The account was opened in November 2017. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

HAAM1 at p 227.

Given that this was before the IJ date, I find that this account is a
matrimonial asset.

94 As this is a bank account, the operative date of valuation is also the IJ
date. Here, however, there is the added complication that some sums in SCB
2554 were, purportedly, used to pay for the Wife’s maintenance. The parties
had agreed (which agreement was recorded as a consent order in the IJ) that
the Husband would pay to the Wife a total of S$1,050,000.00 as maintenance
(being a lump sum of S$17,500.00 per month for five years). 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

IJ at para 3.a.

In addition, the Husband was to pay lump sum maintenance for the Child. The
total amounts were to be paid to the Wife in instalments – relevant for our
purposes is the sum of S$330,000.00 to be paid by 26 February 2018, just a few
days after the IJ date. Further, the Husband alleged that he had to take out a
loan from SCB to finance this first instalment of the lump sum maintenance.

95 The parties have agreed to take the sum of S$330,000.00 which was paid out
to the Wife as the starting point for the value of SCB 2554. They have then
deducted the loan amount of S$244,801.00, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

HAAM1 at p 235.

leaving S$85,199.00 which the Husband admits came from his income. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

HWS at para 61.

Although the Husband had initially raised the argument that the Wife would
already have received the benefit of the sum by way of maintenance, before me,
counsel for the Husband agreed with the Wife’s counsel that the only issue was
the operative date of identification. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 50, ln 3–11.

If the court was with the Wife that the operative date was the IJ date, then
the sum of S$85,199.00 should be included in the pool of assets. Given the
parties’ agreement on this approach, and given my finding that the operative
date was the IJ date, it follows that SCB 2554 valued at S$85,199.00 is a
matrimonial asset to be divided.

(H) Artworks

96 Apart from the artwork in the Wife’s possession, the Husband also had some
pieces of artwork in his possession. Again, a significant issue here was the
operative date of identification – the Husband argued that of the artwork in
his possession, he only had S$840.00 worth of that artwork as of the purported
date of separation. As I have found that the operative date of identification
is the IJ date, however, I cannot accept that submission. Further, there is no
evidence that any of the artwork was purchased after the IJ date. As such, I
accept the Wife’s contention that the Husband had S$77,763.00 worth of artwork
in his possession that constitute matrimonial assets, as being the valuation
of these assets best supported by the evidence. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

WWS at para 102.

(I) SCB Personal Loan

97 As I have noted above at [39], the Husband contended that a loan he had
taken from SCB for S$95,000.00 should be deducted from the pool of matrimonial
assets as that money had been used in relation to the [X] LLP Capital Account.
In effect, it was a transfer into the Capital Account and if the Wife claimed
the value of that account, she also had to recognise the loan. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 109.

The Wife’s contention was, in effect, that the Husband had a variety of ways
to finance the payment into the Capital Account, and as it was not appropriate
for him to have incurred the loan, the Wife should not have to share in that
burden. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 111, ln 26–29.

98 Given that the loan from SCB was used to top up the Capital Account, I find
that the outstanding loan amount should be deducted from the pool of
matrimonial assets. As counsel for the Husband noted, the loan simply meant
that there was a deferred payment of the sum into the Capital Account. If the
whole of the value of the Capital Account is to be added to the pool, it would
only be just for the loan which was used to finance part of the Capital
Account to be deducted from the pool. The Husband identified the outstanding
loan amount as of the IJ date as S$69,896.25. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

JSRI at p 47.

I therefore deduct this outstanding sum from the pool of matrimonial assets.

Alleged dissipations and adverse inferences

99 I turn to the various arguments concerning dissipation and adverse
inferences in the light of the clarifications made by the Court of Appeal in
UZN ([13] supra). While adverse inferences can be considered more generally
and not just under the heading of identification and valuation of matrimonial
assets, I deal with these contentions together here for convenience.

(1) Legal costs

100 I deal first with the issue of legal costs for the divorce up to the IJ
date. As the Court of Appeal summarised in UZN at [45], the courts have
generally taken the approach that such costs “should be settled by the parties
out of their own share of the matrimonial assets after division, and not taken
out of the matrimonial pool”. In this case, the Husband has contended that he
should not be made to share in the Wife’s legal costs. I agree, but also note
that the same should then be applied to the Husband. The basis for this seems
to be the TNL dicta.

101 I estimate that the Wife has paid out the following in legal costs, based
on the summary of transactions provided by AAG:

S/N| Date| Amount (S$)  
---|---|---  
1\. | 22 January 2016| 16,050.00  
2\. | 19 September 2016| 20,154.76  
3\. | 19 September 2016| 1,146.67  
4\. | 23 November 2016| 1,648.66  
5\. | 7 February 2017| 4,320.35  
6\. | 7 February 2017| 13,000.00  
7\. | 9 February 2017| 1,327.66  
8\. | 3 July 2017| 4,000.00  
9\. | 11 July 2017| 20,000.00  
10\. | 18 July 2017| 5,369.27  
11\. | 1 November 2017| 31,129.62  
12\. | 1 November 2017| 7,841.86  
Total| 125,988.85  
  
102 I do the same for the Husband:

S/N| Date| Amount (S$)  
---|---|---  
1\. | 28 March 2016| 10,000.00  
2\. | 22 August 2016| 5,863.48  
3\. | 22 August 2016| 10,000.00  
4\. | 20 April 2017| 6,300.02  
5\. | 11 May 2017| 6,300.02  
6\. | 29 July 2017| 7,531.83  
7\. | 29 July 2017| 10,000.00  
8\. | 29 July 2017| 10,000.00  
9\. | 22 February 2018| 10,000.00  
Total| 75,995.35  
  
103 I add these sums of S$125,988.85 (for the Wife) and S$75,995.35 (for the
Husband) back into the pool of matrimonial assets using a separate line item
from the specific assets, since these appear to have been paid from different
accounts at various times.

(2) Sums allegedly dissipated by the Wife

104 The Husband alleged that the Wife had dissipated a total of S$234,995.92,
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 101, ln 6.

which she withdrew from the Husband’s earnings. These withdrawals were
allegedly done in the following manner:

(a) a number of cheque withdrawals drawn on the parties’ joint DBS account
(ie, DBS 2407) after 2012; 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

HWS at para 100.

(b) a number of large cash withdrawals between 2012 and 2018 of S$2,000.00 or
more per withdrawal from her own bank accounts. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

HWS at para 101.

105 There are a few clarifications that must first be made before I address
the substance of the issue. First, as the Court of Appeal stated in UZN ([13]
supra), the court is not concerned with assessing the reasonableness or
otherwise of expenses throughout the marriage. It is generally only when
divorce proceedings are imminent that “[r]estrictions on the parties’ disposal
of large quantities of matrimonial assets … come to the fore”: UZN at [70]. In
this case, the Husband’s complaints about the Wife’s expenses from 2012
onwards would mostly fall before the period when divorce proceedings were
imminent. However, here, there was the added factor that the parties had
separated in 2012, and even if divorce proceedings were not imminent, the
facts may justify the inference that there was wrongful dissipation (as
opposed to dissipation that could be returned pursuant to the TNL dicta).
Further, there were allusions to non-disclosure as well as dissipation in the
Husband’s submissions. Since the submissions were not made with the benefit of
the Court of Appeal’s guidance in UZN, I consider it fair to consider the
contentions from the perspectives of all the categories articulated by the
Court of Appeal. Hence, in the following, I consider wrongful dissipation,
non-disclosure for the majority of the alleged withdrawals, and also the TNL
dicta.

106 I begin with wrongful dissipation. Although divorce proceedings were not
imminent between 2012 and 2015, as negotiations for the divorce began only in
2016 and the writ was filed on 13 January 2017, this was also not a case where
the alleged dissipation occurred when the marriage was fully functioning. The
parties had already separated in 2012 after the Husband’s adultery, and they
were living a large part of their lives separately. While it may be hard to
believe that sums of money withdrawn by one party early in the marriage was
for the purpose of concealment or putting the assets out of the reach of the
other party (UZN at [67]), this is less so in the present case given the state
of the relationship.

107 However, despite these circumstances, I am not convinced that there was
wrongful dissipation of the sum of S$234,995.92. First, in relation to the
cheques, the Husband’s claim was that the Wife had sole possession of the
cheque book and it was the Wife withdrawing the sums in question. I do not
find that this has been sufficiently established on the evidence. The Wife has
shown an example of a cheque signed by the Husband as well. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Wife’s 8th Affidavit dated 20 January 2020 (“WA8”) at p 49.

Second, also in relation to the cheques, I note that this was a joint account
– the Husband would have had access to these statements, but he did not follow
up with the Wife at the time. This suggests that either the Husband would also
have known about the purpose of the cheque withdrawals, or that he accepted
these payments without confronting the Wife, or that these claims were
afterthoughts. Third, the Husband’s general arguments on these withdrawals
were essentially that the Wife had failed to explain why these withdrawals
were made. However, the Wife had given explanations for most of them – the
issue was only that the Husband refused to accept these explanations in the
absence of documentary evidence. The problem with this was that many of the
explanations given by the Wife were that the monies were used for general
expenses. It would be unreasonable to expect the Wife to have kept receipts
and documentary records of such expenditure over a six-year period from 2012
to 2018. Finally, I do not see any basis to suggest that the Wife was
concealing these assets or putting them beyond the Husband’s reach. There was
little reason for the Wife to have needed money from her parents (see [58]
above) or incurred debts (see [54] above) if she had already siphoned
significant sums of money out of these accounts. Unless that was an elaborate
scheme to hide the fact that she was doing so (of which there is again no
evidence), this suggests that she was spending rather than siphoning money. I
do not find that there was any wrongful dissipation in the sense of transfers
to conceal or put assets beyond the Husband’s reach. I also am unable to see
how the evidence shows that she intended to deplete the pool of matrimonial
assets.

108 I turn then to the issue of adverse inferences. In this regard, there is a
link between wrongful dissipation and adverse inferences, where the assets
allegedly hidden and not disclosed are also allegedly the proceeds of wrongful
dissipation. In order to draw an adverse inference, a necessary condition is
that there is a “substratum of evidence that establishes a prima facie case
against the person against whom the inference is to be drawn”: UZN at [18],
citing BPC v BPB and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 608 (“BPC”) at [60].
Specifically, there must be a prima facie case of concealment: AZZ v BAA
[2016] SGHC 44 at [107]. Where the assets purportedly concealed are the
proceeds of dissipation by withdrawals from other assets, a logical first step
must be that there must have been such dissipation. Where there is no evidence
of that dissipation (as opposed to mere expenditure), it becomes harder to
show that there was non-disclosure of those assets, as there is a question
even as to whether those assets exist. This is a different situation from
where there are clearly assets that should be present, but are not, eg, where
the income of one party is substantially higher than the assets present at the
time of the AM hearing. In this case, given that there is no evidence of such
dissipation, I am not able to find that there is a prima facie case that the
Wife has concealed such assets.

109 I turn finally to the TNL dicta. In this case, there were withdrawals from
2015 onwards, which would be when divorce proceedings were imminent. In order
for the TNL dicta to apply, however, it must be shown that the sums expended
were substantial. Considering the sums highlighted by the Husband, and taking
only those sums expended after the second half of 2015 (as a rough cut-off
date for when the divorce proceedings could be considered to be imminent,
given that negotiations surrounding the divorce occurred in 2016) but before
the IJ date (as the balance of the accounts as of the IJ date would already
account for these sums), the withdrawal sums range from S$2,400.00 (on 15
December 2017 from DBS 7629) to S$21,000.00 (on 19 February 2018 from DBS
6978). The largest sum of S$21,000.00 appears, however, to be a composite sum
in that it was used for the repayment of credit card loans, which would have
been expenses incurred in discrete parts – it would be more appropriate to
look at the individual expenses charged to the credit card rather than the use
of cash to repay part of the debt. In view of the parties’ lifestyle, I do not
think that any of these sums can be considered substantial for the purposes of
the TNL dicta. Further, while they may be substantial if taken together, there
is no indication that these withdrawals were done pursuant to any overarching
plan and that they can be treated as being one withdrawal. In the absence of
such evidence, they should be taken as separate withdrawals, each of which are
not substantial enough for the purposes of the TNL dicta.

110 Therefore, for these reasons, I do not accept the Husband’s arguments and
choose not to add back in any of the S$234,995.92 to the pool of matrimonial
assets, whether on the basis of wrongful dissipation, adverse inferences drawn
for non-disclosure, or the TNL dicta.

(3) Sums spent on the Husband’s extra-marital relationships

111 I turn to the Wife’s argument that sums allegedly expended by the Husband
on his extra-marital relationships should be returned to the pool of
matrimonial assets. In advancing this argument, the Wife alluded to wrongful
dissipation, the TNL dicta, and adverse inferences based on non-disclosure.
The substance of the Wife’s argument, however, is that these were monies
expended by the Husband when they should not have been, and that this reduced
the pool of matrimonial assets available for division. There was no argument
that there were, in reality, assets that the Husband had failed to disclose or
which he had put out of the Wife’s reach. I therefore focus on wrongful
dissipation and the TNL dicta.

112 I begin with the facts. It is not disputed that the Husband had a number
of extra-marital relationships. It cannot also be seriously disputed that the
Husband had spent money on those relationships. As the Husband admitted in his
affidavit, for example, he shared in expenses for meals and drinks, as well as
travel expenses, with one of his partners. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

WWS at para 69; HAAM1 at para 50.

However, the extent of that expenditure is not entirely clear. The Wife
pointed to at least S$88,961.25 spent on hotel and air travel between 2014 and
2018 (part of which, she claimed, would have been used for the Husband’s
relationships) and also argued that the absence of any other quantified
expenses was due to the Husband’s failure to disclose all those expenses. At
the hearing before me, counsel for the Wife clarified that the claim was for
half of that sum to be returned to the pool of matrimonial assets. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 56, ln 18–19.

113 With respect to wrongful dissipation, the Court of Appeal in UZN ([13]
supra) at [68] identified the principle that the wrongful dissipation had to
be “carried out with the intention of depleting the matrimonial pool”. The
mere fact that the Husband had used these assets during the subsistence of the
marriage for his extra-marital relationships does not, in and of itself,
suggest any intention to deplete the matrimonial pool. Based on the evidence,
I am unable to conclude that the Husband had intended to deplete the
matrimonial assets by this expenditure.

114 With respect to the TNL dicta, the issue that the Wife faced was that the
sums expended were not quantified. The Wife has not shown that the sums
expended were “substantial”. It is not every expense, even if made without
consent, that would qualify to be returned to the pool of matrimonial assets.
The burden lies with the Wife to point to any particular expenditure or
transaction which she claims ought to be returned to the pool of matrimonial
assets. It is also not clear that the Husband had spent anything more than he
would otherwise have spent on himself, since he apparently shared in the
expenses with his partners rather than just paid for his partners’ expenses as
well. In my view, the TNL dicta cannot be relied upon in this case to return
unquantified expenditure over a number of years into the pool of matrimonial
assets.

115 I acknowledge that it seems unfair, on the face of things, that the
Husband should not be made to bear the expenses that he had made for his
romantic partners on his own. However, on closer inspection, this is not so.
The court is not ultimately concerned with examining each expenditure made by
the parties and determining if the expense is justified. Neither is it
ultimately concerned with punishing one or the other party for their actions
during the marriage. What the court is concerned with is ensuring that its
division of the matrimonial assets is just and equitable, which requires that
it identifies the matrimonial assets with as much accuracy as possible as of
the operative date of identification. Assets that have been hidden can be
dealt with by way of adverse inferences and wrongful dissipation. Assets that
should be a part of the pool of matrimonial assets but were taken out when
divorce proceedings were imminent can also be added back in, but the court
will only do so for substantial sums that can be identified. As these sums
would have been spent, returning them to the pool has a negative impact on the
party against whom that finding is made. Even in such an emotive context, it
is important that both parties are treated fairly. Further, allowing such
claims for small sums spent on numerous occasions would risk turning AM
proceedings into “an acrimonious excavation of the past”: UZN at [73]. There
is also no indication that these sums would have a significant impact on the
final division of matrimonial assets. However, in the appropriate case, money
spent on extra-marital relationships may be returned to the pool of
matrimonial assets. This is, in the end, an extremely fact-sensitive question
and requires close attention to the extent and nature of the purported
dissipation.

116 For these reasons, I do not return any of the sums allegedly spent by the
Husband on his extra-marital relationships to the pool of matrimonial assets.

(4) Adverse inference against the Husband

117 The Wife’s second argument concerns material non-disclosure of savings
that were missing from the Husband’s disclosure of assets (“the Missing
Savings”). She claimed that the Husband had hidden these assets and failed to
provide full and frank disclosure in these proceedings. I first consider
whether the conditions for drawing an adverse inference have been satisfied in
this case. If so, I then consider how the adverse inference should be given
effect to in this case.

118 In order to draw an adverse inference against the Husband, there must be a
substratum of evidence that establishes a prima facie case of concealment
against the Husband, and that person must have had particular access to the
information he is said to be hiding: BPC ([108] supra) at [60]. The central
issue here is whether such a prima facie case can be made out.

119 The Wife’s argument can be summarised as follows. The Husband had
responded to an interrogatory asking him to “confirm that [he] has saved the
balance amounts of his income for the period of 1 Jan 2012 to 23 Feb 2018
after deducting tax and his monthly expenses”. The Husband replied that he had
saved that balance amount. On that basis, the Wife claimed that the Husband
had S$1,449,621.68 in Missing Savings. First, she identified the total income
generated as S$4,954,101.00 between 1 July 2012 and 30 June 2017 as set out in
[X] LLP’s letter dated 8 October 2018. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

WWS at para 89.1.

Second, she identified the total tax liabilities for Years of Assessment 2013
to 2018 as S$913,679.62. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

WWS at para 89.2.

Third, based on the Husband’s own claim, his monthly expenses were
S$43,180.00, including the Child’s expenses of S$5,875.00. This gave a total
of S$2,590,800.00 between 1 January 2012 and 23 February 2018. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

WWS at para 89.3.

Fourth, deducting the total tax liabilities and the monthly expenses from the
total income, the Wife arrived at the sum of S$1,449,621.68. She argued that
this sum was not recorded in any of the Husband’s disclosed bank accounts. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

WWS at para 90.

For convenience, I refer to this as the “Primary Calculation”.

120 In addition, the Wife had also provided calculations based on a different
methodology to support the same submission, albeit with a different quantum of
Missing Savings alleged (the “Alternative Calculation”). Instead of relying on
the Husband’s declaration of his expenses, this calculation focused on the
expenses that were evidenced by various documents provided during the
discovery process. Here, the calculated expenses from January 2012 to February
2018 were found to be S$3,195,393.02. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See Exhibit W3.

Deducting this sum and the tax liability from the total income in that period,
the Wife arrived at the sum of S$845,028.36 as the Missing Savings.

121 The Husband argued the following in response. First, while the methodology
proposed by the Wife was sound as “a matter of logic”, it sets a dangerous
precedent as it suggests that litigants would have to account for every
expenditure over the course of the marriage. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 58, ln 2–8.

Second, the Wife’s calculations were incorrect as it omitted certain
purchases. On a related point, the calculations also omitted to include big-
ticket purchases. Once these are accounted for, there are no longer any
“missing” savings and, hence, no prima facie case has been made out against
the Husband that would justify an adverse inference for non-disclosure.

122 As between the Wife’s Primary and Alternative Calculation, I find it
difficult to accept them as “alternative” submissions as counsel for the Wife
suggested. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 56, ln 25–26.

Rather, it appears to me that the Alternative Calculation were simply more
precise and more accurate in that they were based on actual expenditure rather
than the broad estimate of monthly expenses found in the Husband’s affidavit
evidence. Such estimates, even if grounded on evidence and a history of
expenditure, are not intended to provide a basis for calculating the actual
expenses incurred during any given period. Further, such estimates may not
account for one-off, occasional or irregular purchases. Neither would the
estimate appear to account for the Wife’s expenses which were paid out of the
same accounts. Hence, where there is more specific and precise evidence of
expenditure, that should be followed. Further, there is no indication that the
expenses included in the Alternative Calculation led to concealed assets as
compared to the Primary Calculation – in other words, the Wife appeared to
accept that the difference between the Primary and Alternative Calculation was
due to real expenditure rather than concealment. Since the Wife herself has
put forward the Alternative Calculation as being justified by the evidence, I
assess the Wife’s contention against the Husband on the basis of the
Alternative Calculation.

123 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I do not find that the Wife
has shown that there is a substratum of evidence that gives rise to a prima
facie case of concealment against the Husband. In principle, the approach
taken by the Wife appears to be logically sound. As the Court of Appeal
observed in UZN ([13] supra) at [24], where the parties approached the issue
in a similar manner:

In general, using a broad-brush approach, a party’s income over the years of
marriage is usually reflected in the value of her assets in the pool (whether
immovable property, shares or cash balances in bank accounts), after living
expenses are taken into account. Most cases thus do not take on the approach
that the present case did – totalling the income in question and examining if
the use of the income has been accounted for. The present case concerns a
spouse who earned a substantial income during the marriage over a good number
of years and yet has negligible assets at the time of divorce. In such a
situation, there ought to be some explanation for this discrepancy. Was it
because the family had a disproportionately high standard of living and the
spouse was not a prudent saver or investor? Was it due to a major financial
crisis that caused great losses? Was the spouse in a habit of giving massive
donations to various causes? [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

124 The Court of Appeal then made an observation that addresses the concern
raised by counsel for the Husband that such an approach would needlessly
complicate the approach of the courts to the division of matrimonial assets
(UZN at [25]):

We would caution that such a detailed analysis of the parties’ earnings and
expenditure for the purposes of determining the extent of the matrimonial
assets should not be taken as a matter of course. This would not be in keeping
with the principles we have reiterated at [20]–[21] above. Instead, such an
approach may be used in cases where there is already good reason to suspect,
upon a preliminary overview, that there is a mismatch between a party’s assets
and their means. [emphasis added]

The present case is a similar one, where the disclosed cash balance in the
Husband’s own account and the joint accounts was minimal compared to the
Husband’s income of over S$4m from 2012 to 2018. This gives a good reason to
inquire further into the parties’ expenses. However, in this case, the
evidence does not support the Wife’s contention that the discrepancy should be
attributed to the existence of assets which have not been disclosed.

125 I note that the Alternative Calculation does not appear to be complete.
There were a number of expenses that were not accounted for in the Alternative
Calculation. For example, counsel for the Husband contended that the Husband
had paid S$131,908.44 for the Jaguar Car using a credit card. However, that
sum was not reflected in the Alternative Calculation, as counsel for the Wife
accepted. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE 15 July 2020 at p 66, ln 3–5.

The Husband tabulated such purchases which were not included in the Wife’s
Alternative Calculation in the period from 2012 to 2018 as follows: 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

See H4.

S/N| Item| Time of Payment| Mode| Amount (S$)  
---|---|---|---|---  
1\. | Child’s school fees| 2012 to 2018| Transfer from CitiGold 1015| 98,695.00  
2\. | Payment of HSBC loan| 26 June 2014| Transfer from CitiGold 1015| 88,756.62  
3\. | Citibank loan| June 2014 to June 2015| Transfer from CitiGold 1015| 28,500.00  
4\. | Art purchase| 18 October 2014| Amex Credit Card| 11,577.89  
5\. | Legal fees| 28 March 2016| Transfer from CitiGold 1015| 10,000.00  
6\. | Art purchase| 28 May 2016| Citibank credit card| 15,301.09  
7\. | Legal fees| 22 August 2016| Transfer from Citigold 1015| 15,863.48  
8\. | Jaguar Car| 12 September 2016| Amex Credit Card| 20,000.00  
9\. | Jaguar Car| 20 September 2016| Amex Credit Card| 111,908.44  
10\. | Company [A] shares| 17 November 2016| Transfer from Citigold 1015| 100,000.00  
11\. | [X] LLP Capital Account contribution| 23 November 2016| Transfer from Citigold 1015| 32,000.00  
12\. | Company [B] shares| 5 December 2016| Transfer from Citigold 1015| 100,000.00  
Total| 632,602.52  
  
In submissions, the Wife did not contest the accuracy of these figures. Most
of these payments were not captured in the Wife’s calculations as she had
focused on the credit card payments and had not accounted for transfers out of
the Husband’s bank accounts, specifically CitiGold 1015. I observe that I have
considered legal fees in the above analysis – this is because the issue here
is not the quantification of what should be added into the pool to give effect
to the adverse inference (which was the issue in UZN that the observations at
[45] were directed towards), but whether there is a prima facie case of
concealment in the first place. Money used for legal fees would not amount to
concealed assets, as they would have been transferred to pay the lawyers. It
is therefore relevant as evidence of what monies the Husband should be
expected to have in his accounts for division.

126 In addition to the payments made by the Husband that were not reflected in
the Alternative Calculation, the Wife’s own withdrawals were not included in
the calculations. The Husband had deposited his income into DBS 2705 and DBS
2407, which were joint accounts operated by both the Husband and the Wife,
until October 2015. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AAG Report at paras 3.3.2, 3.3.5 and 3.3.9.

Even though the Husband’s income was later deposited in other accounts, there
is nothing to suggest that the Wife had any significant income entering DBS
2705 and DBS 2407 during the material period. The amounts withdrawn from the
DBS 2705 and DBS 2407 joint accounts would naturally result in a reduction in
the overall balance of cash. It is therefore necessary to also account for
these withdrawals and transfers in this analysis. The following withdrawals
were identified: 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

H4.

S/N| Description| Time| Amount (S$)  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | Cheque withdrawals from DBS 2407| 2013–2014| 35,095.92  
2\. | Cash transfers from DBS 2705 to Wife’s DBS 9376| November 2013–December 2015 | 112,000.00  
3\. | Cash transfers from DBS 2407 to Wife’s DBS 9376| November 2013–December 2015| 16,000.00  
4\. | Payments for Wife’s HSBC Card 3723| 2015| 2,975.35  
Total| 166,071.27  
  
It bears noting here that these sums extracted from the bank statements by AAG
were only for transactions with a value of S$1,000.00 and above, or S$500.00
if appearing twice within three months. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

AAG Report at para 2.1.4.

127 Taking these withdrawals together, it appears that the Alternative
Calculation under-calculated the expenses of the parties in the period from
2012 to 2018 by S$798,673.79 (being S$632,602.52 + S$166,071.27). Including
this sum into the Wife’s calculations, the difference between the income and
expenditure is only S$46,354.57 (being S$845,028.36 − S$798,673.79). Given
that the Wife’s approach is just an approximation of income and expenditure
over six years, I do not find that the sum of around S$46,000.00 would warrant
a finding that there is a prima facie case of concealment based on this
analysis. Indeed, there would have been multiple transactions from Citibank
1015, for example, that would not have met the threshold for inclusion in the
AAG Report, but which were entirely left out of the Alternative Calculation.
As such, I find that the requirements for drawing an adverse inference have
not been met in this case.

Conclusion on the pool of matrimonial assets

128 I summarise the pool of matrimonial assets in the following table:

S/No| Description| Value (S$)  
---|---|---  
Joint Assets  
1\. | SCB Account No ending in 7331| 93.97  
2\. | SCB Account No ending in 2998| 134.15  
3\. | DBS 2407| N/A  
4\. | DBS 2705| N/A  
5\. | HSBC Account No ending in 7496| N/A  
Sub-total (A)| 228.12  
Wife’s Assets  
6\. | Bukit Timah Property| 1,750,511.87  
7\. | Artwork at Bukit Timah Property| 79,613.00  
8\. | DBS 9376| 61.35  
9\. | DBS 6978| 714.67  
10\. | DBS 7629| 20.19  
11\. | POSB Account No ending in 2496s| 0.00  
12\. | FPI policy| 18,984.60  
13\. | Sums injected into Company [Y]| 22,000.00  
14\. | Liability: HSBC Card 3723| (27,894.16)  
15\. | Liability: SCB Account 4318| (34,365.08)  
16\. | Legal costs returned to the pool| 125,988.85  
Sub-total (B)| 1,935,635.29  
Husband’s Assets  
17\. | Audi Car| 7,797.28  
18\. | [X] LLP Capital Account | 495,000.00  
19\. | [X] LLP Current Account| 582,591.67  
20\. | CitiGold 1015| 27,974.95  
21\. | Jaguar Car| 77,826.68  
22\. | Company [A] shares| 0.00  
23\. | Company [B] shares| 100,000.00  
24\. | SCB 2554| 85,199.00  
25\. | Artwork in Husband’s possession| 77,763.00  
26\. | Liability: SCB personal loan| (69,896.25)  
27\. | Legal costs returned to the pool| 75,995.35  
Sub-total (C)| 1,460,251.68  
Total| 3,396,115.09  
  
Division of the pool of matrimonial assets

129 Having identified and valued the pool of matrimonial assets, I turn to the
division of these assets. The parties agreed that the structured approach
described in ANJ v ANK [2015] 3 SLR 1043 (“ANJ”) would apply. Under this
approach, the court first arrives at “a ratio that represents each party’s
direct contributions relative to that of the other party, having regard to the
amount of financial contribution each party has made towards the acquisition
or improvement of the matrimonial assets”: ANJ at [22]. Next, the court
considers the parties’ indirect contributions and ascribes a second ratio
which represents the contributions of each party to the family’s well-being
relative to the other. The court then derives an average percentage
contribution for each party, at which point further adjustments may be made to
account for other considerations: see ANJ at [27].

Direct contributions

(1) Parties’ incomes

130 Given the state of the evidence and the fact that both parties were
earning money at some point during the marriage, their respective incomes take
on a very important role in the determination of their direct contributions. I
first set out my findings on their respective incomes during the course of the
marriage.

131 I begin with the parties’ income while they were in Japan from 2002 to
2004, shortly after they were married. I make the following points:

(a) The Husband commenced work in Japan in February 2002. His contract stated
that his base salary plus bonus was to be A$101,852.00 per annum, before tax.
In the absence of any other evidence, I take the Husband’s net income to be
the net compensation stated in the “International Assignment Compensation
Notice”, ie, A$9,737.33 per month. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Husband’s 4th Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 4 December 2019 (“HAAM4”) at
p 168.

However, as the Wife does not have evidence of how much tax she paid, I find
that a fair comparison would require me to use the Husband’s monthly salary
without deducting tax, ie, A$12,688.41, which I accept is equal to S$12,037.91
per month in the absence of other evidence. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

HAAM4 at para 15.

(b) Contrary to the Husband’s claim, I do not see any evidence that he was
given an A$10,000.00 monthly rental allowance during this period. As the
contract states, housing was dealt with by way of a “housing differential”
which was made out of any housing allowance and a deduction reflecting the
housing costs in their home country of Australia. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

HAAM4 at p 164.

In the “International Assignment Compensation Notice”, the housing
differential was negative, meaning that the housing costs in the home country
were taken to be higher than the housing costs in Japan. No allowance was
stated to be provided.

(c) Based on her contract, the Wife commenced work in September 2002 in Japan.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

WAAM1 at p 148

It is therefore inappropriate to take her whole year’s salary. Parties have
adopted the figure of S$11,760.00 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

WAAM1 at para 33; HWS at para 121.

as the equivalent of her salary which was paid in Japanese Yen.

The same issues with the Husband’s calculation of his income arise in relation
to the years 2003 and 2004. As for the Wife’s income, the Husband accepted
that there was an increase in her salary after 2002.

132 The parties’ respective incomes after 2004, when they moved to Singapore,
do not appear to be in dispute. While part of the Wife’s income in 2005, when
she began working at a bank, was not disclosed at first, counsel for the Wife
managed to secure documents to show the Wife’s income that year after the AM
hearing, for which I granted leave to be put before the court. I adopt that
figure but pro-rate it according to the number of months left after April
2005. I do not include the housing allowance, as it only pertained to her
employment with the law firm, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See Correspondence dated 29 July 2020 at p 2.

which ended in April 2005. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

WAAM1 at para 48.

However, based on the new information, I added the sum of S$58,800.00 (being
S$4,200.00 × 14 months from March 2004 to April 2005) to the income for March
2004 to April 2005 when the Wife was working for the law firm. Although the
rental allowance could only be used for the rental, it should be treated as
income as it freed up both parties to use that equivalent sum for other
things. Finally, for these purposes, for the sake of consistency, I use the
parties’ pre-tax income for this assessment.

133 I therefore summarise the figures as follows: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See HWS at para 121.

S/N| Period| Husband’s income (S$)| Wife’s income (S$)  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | 2002| 120,379.10| 35,280.00  
2\. | 2003| 144,454.92| 187,053.00  
3\. | January–February 2004| 24,075.82| 31,175.50  
4\. | March 2004–April 2005 | 91,078.37| 177,303.00  
5\. | Remainder of 2005| 91,078.37| 101,553.65  
6\. | 2006| 114,627.00| 315,000.00  
7\. | 2007| 94,019.00| 315,000.00  
8\. | 2008| 354,911.00| N/A  
9\. | 2009| 448,690.00| N/A  
10\. | 2010| 569,018.00| N/A  
11\. | 2011| 639,656.00| N/A  
12\. | 2012| 557,327.00| N/A  
13\. | 2013| 670,388.00| N/A  
14\. | 2014| 792,690.00| N/A  
15\. | 2015| 897,921.00| N/A  
16\. | 2016| 1,294,287.00| N/A  
17\. | 2017| 942,139.00| N/A  
18\. | 2018| 1,054,833.00| N/A  
  
(2) The Bukit Timah Property

134 The Bukit Timah Property was purchased by the parties in 2007 for around
S$1,820,000.00. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

HAAM1 at para 53.

They had taken out a loan of S$1.53m from HSBC, which was re-financed in 2014.
Together with any renovations to the property, these are the contributions to
the value of the Bukit Timah Property: 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

HWS at para 116.

S/N| Description| Amount (S$)  
---|---|---  
1\. | Joint account| 141,347.00  
2\. | Joint line of credit| 30,000.00  
3\. | Joint provident policy| 29,000.00  
4\. | Australian bank account (“ING Account”)| 190,000.00  
5\. | Wife’s bonus| 150,000.00  
6\. | Loan repayments (as of IJ date)| 553,500.00  
  
135 While the Husband included a sum for renovations in his calculations of
the contributions to the Bukit Timah Property in his submissions, I note that
in his earlier affidavit for the AM hearings, the Husband had stated that the
renovation sum was funded from the joint account, joint line of credit, and
joint provident policy referred to above. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

HAAM1 at para 53.

This seems to be correct, since the S$190,000.00 and S$150,000.00 from the ING
Account and the Wife’s bonus were more than adequate to cover the cash portion
of the purchase price, given that the loan amount was S$1,530,000.00. I
therefore do not count the renovations as a separate item.

136 In my view, the first three items should be apportioned between the
parties in the ratio of their respective incomes up to but not including 2007.
However, as the Husband conceded, they did not have substantial savings after
their time in Japan. He acknowledged that it would only be realistic to
calculate their contributions based on their income after they had moved to
Singapore. I accept this concession by the Husband. This would provide a
broad-brush estimate of their direct financial contribution in the form of
these three items. Based on the figures above at [133], the total income of
the parties from March 2004 to 2006 was S$890,640.10, with the Husband earning
S$296,783.74 and the Wife earning S$593,856.36. Hence, I find that 33.32% of
the value of the first three items should be attributed to the Husband, and
66.68% should be attributed to the Wife.

137 As for the payment from the ING Account, I accept the Husband’s contention
that the whole of the S$190,000.00 is to be attributed to him. The ING Account
was in his sole name, and he was paid partly in Australian dollars. The Wife
has not provided any evidence that her income in Japan was also transferred to
Australia. Further, her employment in Japan was unrelated to Australia, so
there was no reason to assume that the income would have been deposited in or
transferred to an Australian bank account. In the absence of evidence from the
Wife, I am not prepared to find that she had contributed to the S$190,000.00
used towards the purchase of the Bukit Timah Property.

138 As for the loan repayments, the Husband divided the repayments into two
periods, one when the Wife was still working, and the second when the Wife had
stopped earning an income. I accept that this division makes sense. For the
second period, it is clear that all the direct contributions came from the
Husband. For the first period, the Husband proposed a ratio of 32:68 in favour
of the Wife. Having regard to my findings on the parties’ respective incomes
at [133] above, and using the total income from the beginning of the marriage
to 2008 (when the Wife stopped working) as the basis, I find that the ratio
should be 36.9:63.1 instead.

139 I summarise the direct financial contributions to the Bukit Timah Property
as follows:

S/N| Description| Amount (S$)| Ratio (H:W)| Husband’s Contribution (S$)|
Wife’s Contribution (S$)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1\. | Joint account| 141,347.00| 33:32:66.68| 47.096.82| 94,250.18  
2\. | Joint line of credit| 30,000.00| 9,996.00| 20,004.00  
3\. | Joint provident policy| 29,000.00| 9,662.80| 19,337.20  
4\. | Australian bank account (“ING Account”)| 190,000.00| 100:0| 190,000.00| 0.00  
5\. | Wife’s bonus| 150,000.00| 0:100| 0.00| 150,000.00  
6\. | Loan repayments (up to mid-2008)| 49,500.00| 36.9:63.1| 18,265.50| 31,234.50  
7\. | Loan repayments (up to IJ date)| 504,000.00| 100:0| 504,000.00| 0.00  
Respective Totals| 779,021.12| 314,825.88  
Aggregate Total| 1,093,847.00  
Ratio (percentage)| 71.22%| 28.78%  
  
140 Taking the net value of the Bukit Timah Property, S$1,750,511.87, and
applying the ratios identified, I find that the Husband has contributed
S$1,246,714.55 and the Wife S$503,797.32 to the present net value of the Bukit
Timah Property which has been included in the pool of matrimonial assets.

(3) Artwork

141 The Wife argued that the direct financial contributions to the artwork in
the Bukit Timah Property, with a value of S$79,613.00, should be found to be
in the ratio of 20:80 in favour of her. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

WWS at para 126.

The Husband was willing to have the direct financial contributions determined
on the basis of the artwork in each party’s possession. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

JSRI at p 52; NE 15 July 2020 at p 151, ln 21–23.

I find that the Husband’s proposal to be a suitable solution, as each party
kept the artwork that they wished to in their own possession. I therefore
treat the value of the artwork in the respective party’s possession as that
party’s direct financial contribution to the pool of matrimonial assets.

(4) [X] LLP Capital Account

142 The last dispute over direct contributions concerns the Husband’s [X] LLP
Capital Account. The Wife argued that the ratio of contributions for this
asset should be 20:80 in her favour, 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

WWS at para 129.

as the Husband had become a partner in mid-2007 and required money for an
initial equity contribution. Further, the loan that was taken out for the
remaining contributions was funded by the parties’ savings. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

WWS at para 130.

143 The Husband argued that the only amount that was paid into the Capital
Account was S$200,000.00, which was raised by way of a loan taken out in 2007.
The Husband conceded that part of the loan was paid back while the Wife was
still working, and that some part of that repayment could be attributed to the
Wife. However, nothing more than that could be treated as the Wife’s direct
contribution.

144 I agree with the Husband. He has given evidence that the Capital Account
began with S$200,000.00 in 2007 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

HAAM1 at para 25.

and that this sum was financed by way of a loan. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

See HA (Discovery Supplement) at p 370.

As that loan was taken in 2007, it was around the same time that the Wife
stopped working. However, while the Husband assumed that the only payments
made were for around S$350.00 per month, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

HWS at para 133.

I note that the statement of account exhibited by the Husband shows that that
was likely the interest due rather than any capital repayment. In the absence
of further evidence, I take as a rough gauge of the repayment the sum of
S$12,000.00 which was repaid in 2013, apparently the only capital repayment
that year. This rough estimate even appears to be on the lower side, since at
the end of 2012, there was a balance of S$96,000.00 remaining to be repaid,
meaning that S$104,000.00 had been repaid between 2007 and 2012. Hence, of
that S$12,000.00 repaid between 2007 and 2008, I take the same ratio of income
as above (ie, 36.9:63.1; see [138] above) and find that the Wife had
contributed S$7,572.00. The remainder of the amounts in the [X] LLP Capital
Account, S$487,428.00, would have been contributed by the Husband.

(5) Other assets

145 The Husband also submitted that the whole of the sum injected into Company
[Y] should be attributed to him. I find that this made sense given that the
sum was spent in 2016, long after the Wife had ceased working. I therefore
attribute the S$22,000.00 that is returned to the pool of assets as the
Husband’s contribution.

146 As for the FPI policy, the Husband applied the ratio of income between the
parties. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

HWS at para 136.

Although I differ from the Husband on the precise ratio, this approach seems
sensible to me since the asset was jointly purchased. I apply the ratio of
36.9:63.1 based on the parties’ income up until 2008 when the Wife ceased
working. As I have returned S$18,984.60 to the pool of matrimonial assets, I
divide this sum in the ratio of 36.9:63.1 in favour of the Wife, giving
S$7,005.32 and S$11,979.28 in direct contributions.

147 As for the remaining assets, in the absence of submissions by the parties,
I am content to attribute the value of each of the assets in the Husband’s and
Wife’s names to the respective parties as direct financial contributions. As
for the joint bank accounts as well as the sums returned for legal costs
incurred up to the IJ date, I am satisfied that they should be attributed to
the Husband as he was the only one earning an income in recent years.

(6) Summary of direct contributions

148 I now summarise the direct financial contributions as follows:

S/No| Description| Husband’s Contribution(S$)| Wife’s Contribution(S$)  
---|---|---|---  
Joint Assets  
1\. | SCB Account No ending in 7331| 93.97| 0.00  
2\. | SCB Account No ending in 2998| 134.15| 0.00  
3\. | DBS 2407| N/A| 0.00  
4\. | DBS 2705| N/A| 0.00  
5\. | HSBC Account No ending in 7496| N/A| 0.00  
Sub-total (A)| 228.12| 0.00  
Wife’s Assets  
6\. | Bukit Timah Property| 1,246,714.55| 503,797.32  
7\. | Artwork at Bukit Timah Property| 0.00| 79,613.00  
8\. | DBS 9376| 0.00| 61.35  
9\. | DBS 6978| 0.00| 714.67  
10\. | DBS 7629| 0.00| 20.19  
11\. | POSB Account No ending in 2496s| 0.00| 0.00  
12\. | FPI policy| 7,005.32| 11,979.28  
13\. | Sums injected into Company [Y]| 22,000.00| 0.00  
14\. | Liability: HSBC Card 3723| N/A| (27,894.16)  
15\. | Liability: SCB Account 4318| N/A| (34,365.08)  
16\. | Legal costs returned| 125,988.85| 0.00  
Sub-total (B)| 1,401,708.72| 533,926.57  
Husband’s Assets  
17\. | Audi Car| 7,797.28| 0.00  
18\. | [X] LLP Capital Account | 487,428.00| 7,572.00  
19\. | [X] LLP Current Account| 582,591.67| 0.00  
20\. | CitiGold 1015| 27,974.95| 0.00  
21\. | Jaguar Car| 77,826.68| 0.00  
22\. | Company [A] shares| 0.00| 0.00  
23\. | Company [B] shares| 100,000.00| 0.00  
24\. | SCB 2554| 85,199.00| 0.00  
25\. | Artwork in Husband’s possession| 77,763.00| 0.00  
26\. | Liability: SCB personal loan| (69,896.25)| 0.00  
27\. | Legal costs returned| 75,995.35| 0.00  
Sub-total (C)| 1,452,679.68| 7,572.00  
Total| 2,854,616.52| 541,498.57  
Ratio (%)| 84.06| 15.94  
  
Indirect contributions

149 I turn to the indirect contributions. The Husband argued that the ratio of
indirect contributions should be 60:40 in his favour. The Wife claimed that
the ratio was 20:80 in her favour. I deal with the various arguments under
different headings for ease of analysis.

(1) Financial indirect contributions

150 I begin by considering the financial indirect contributions. It is clear
that the Husband had, over the course of the marriage, earned more money than
the Wife did. However, the Wife also earned a significant income for some
years during the marriage. Both of them would have contributed to the expenses
and payments in the course of the marriage, although the Husband would have
done so to a greater extent. But as the Court of Appeal cautioned in TNL
([13(c)] supra) at [47], the court should not assign a ratio for the indirect
financial contributions as a separate element from the non-financial
contributions. I only seek to take this into account in the broad-brush
approach to identifying the parties’ respective indirect contributions to the
marriage.

(2) Mutual care and support

151 The Husband claimed that he had “shouldered” most of the household’s needs
in the first six years of their marriage, as the Wife’s various jobs were very
demanding. He had taken the lead in arranging their move from Japan to
Singapore. The decisions that they made to move were all made jointly. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

HWS at para 149.

His participation in triathlons was also a joint decision.

152 The Wife argued that she was a “trailing spouse” who followed the Husband
to support him in his career and his interest in triathlons. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

WWS at para 134.

The decision to move to Tokyo in 2002 was for the Husband’s benefit – she had
to give up a position in a top-tier law firm in Australia to do so. When the
Husband began facing difficulties at work, she then looked for and obtained a
job in Japan. She would support the Husband’s interests in triathlons using
her free time. When the opportunity came to move to Singapore, the Husband
felt that he would be in a better position there to make partner at [X] LLP.
Despite her preference to remain in Japan, she decided to follow the Husband
to Singapore, which required her to find a new job. When she began working in
Singapore in 2004, she continued to bear the brunt of managing the household,
while the Husband pursued his own interests in triathlons. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

WWS at paras 134–135.

153 It is clear to me that the Wife was the one who had moved positions more
often than the Husband. The Husband had moved to Japan and then to Singapore
with jobs in view, while the Wife looked for work after each move. Although
this did not conclusively prove either way that the Wife was just following
the Husband or that these were mutual decisions to move, I took into account
that the transitions would have been harder for the Wife as she had to take
the risk of not finding work and had to re-acclimatise herself to new
workplaces regularly. By contrast, the Husband was working within the umbrella
of [X] firms, allowing his career to progress smoothly between transitions.
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

WAAM1 at para 43.

However, I am not able to characterise these as “sacrifices” of the Wife’s
career as, by all accounts, she was successful at her work and obtained ever-
increasing salaries from position to position.

154 Further, I am of the view that their respective support of each other
would have been fairly limited in the years since 2012. While the marriage was
still subsisting, they had an acrimonious relationship and it was unlikely
that they would have given each other mutual support in that time. The period
for which the Wife could be said to have supported the Husband in his
endeavours, and vice versa would have been limited to the period from 2002 to
2012.

155 Finally, I also consider that the Wife did not appear to have any interest
or pursuit that corresponded with the Husband’s interest in triathlons. This
activity, which took up significant time and required travel, is therefore
another area in which the Wife supported the Husband’s pursuits.

(3) The Child

156 The Child was conceived in October 2009. The Wife had given up her work as
it was affecting her ability to conceive. The Wife pointed out that the
pregnancy was “fraught with complications” and she had to be hospitalised on a
number of occasions. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

WWS at para 136.

Despite these complications, the Husband continued to train for a competition
in 2010. After the Child was born, she dedicated herself to raising the Child
and managing the household. She alleged that the Husband’s extra-marital
relationships had a detrimental effect on the Child. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

WWS at para 137.4.

She was the Child’s primary caregiver, was an active parent, and provided the
structure and stability that the Child needed, while the Husband was engaged
in his affairs and pursued his own interests in triathlons.

157 The Husband claimed instead that his continued involvement in triathlons
was a mutual decision. Further, he did accompany the Wife to as many medical
appointments as he could. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

HWS at para 151.

The Husband argued that he was an involved father, and that both he and the
Wife were co-parents. Before separation, the Husband ensured that he left work
early to spend time with the Child and took care of him on the weekends when
the Wife was busy. After the separation, the Husband continued to adjust his
work schedule to spend time with the Child from Friday evenings to Monday
mornings. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

HWS at para 152.

The Husband had never let his extra-marital relationships affect the Child’s
life. Further, the parties always had the assistance of a full-time helper,
and the Child attended childcare in the morning since he was two years old.
153

##### Foot Note 153

×

HWS at para 154.

158 In my view, it is clear that the Wife bore the majority of the burden of
caring for the Child. Even if there was a full-time helper and the Child was
sent to childcare, she was clearly the Child’s primary caregiver. I
acknowledge that the Husband was an involved father, based on the evidence,
but also took into account the fact that he had a number of other pursuits,
and by moving out of the house from 2012 onwards, left the Wife primarily in
charge of the Child.

(4) Parties’ conduct

159 Both parties raised aspects of the other’s conduct in an attempt to
downplay that party’s contributions to the marriage. I do not wish to deal
with each of these allegations in detail. It suffices for me to note that
insofar as there are allegations that affect specific circumstances in the
marriage, these can be adequately accounted for in relation to those specific
facts. More generally, mere misconduct is not sufficient to warrant an
adjustment of the division. The Court of Appeal summarised the approach in
Chan Tin Sun v Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2 SLR 195 at [22]–[25]:

22 … Put simply, the court is not precluded by the [WC]from considering the
conduct of the parties in exercising its power to order the division.

23 However, it is not the case that the conduct of parties should always be
taken into account in determining what would be a just and equitable division
of the matrimonial assets. As this court observed in NK v NL (at [12]):

In light of our current ‘no fault’ basis of divorce law, it would serve no
purpose to dwell on the question of who did what, save where there might be a
direct impact on the legal issues proper … The salutary objectives sought to
be achieved by the ancillary orders of division of matrimonial assets … remain
paramount in guiding our review of the Judge’s ancillary orders. [emphasis
added]

This court further observed thus (at [28]):

… [I]t is essential that the courts resist the temptation to lapse into a
minute scrutiny of the conduct and efforts of both spouses … It would be
counterproductive to try and particularise each party’s respective
contribution … [emphasis added].

24 The question of when a spouse’s misconduct could be taken into
consideration came before this court in AQS v AQR [2012] SGCA 3 …

25 The aforementioned cases emphasise and reiterate the point that the hearing
of the ancillaries is not intended to be another forum for parties to dredge
up accusations and allegations relating to each other’s conduct. The court is
not equipped to scrutinise the conduct of the parties to assign blame, nor
should it be so in light of the no-fault basis of divorce embodied within the
Act. In the premises, the court only ought to have regard to conduct that is
both extreme (ie, manifestly serious) and undisputed in exercising its powers
under s 112(1) of the [WC].

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

While these remarks are relevant for the division exercise as a whole, I state
them here because of how the parties’ submissions dealt with these issues. As
none of the allegations, in my view, deal with extreme and undisputed
misconduct, I do not deal with them further.

(5) Conclusion on indirect contributions

160 The Wife cited the cases of Twiss, Christopher James Hans v Twiss, Yvonne
Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 (“Twiss”) and ARY ([16] supra) to support her
submissions of a ratio of 80:20 in her favour. In Twiss, the Court of Appeal
found (at [20]) that the husband’s and wife’s contributions were roughly equal
in the first decade of marriage, but that in the second decade, the wife
contributed significantly more than the husband, who was absent from the
family for substantial lengths of time. The court therefore found that the
ratio was 75:25 in the wife’s favour. In ARY, the court emphasised (at
[61]–[62]) that the wife had given up her career for the children and the
husband, the wife moved to Asia with the husband, and the wife was an active
participant in the children’s activities, finding that the ratio was 70:30 in
the wife’s favour. While comparisons with cases are sometimes difficult given
the fact-specific nature of the inquiry, these are helpful guides in the
exercise of the court’s discretion.

161 The Husband’s submission that the ratio should be 70:30 in his favour was
not justifiable. That would suggest that he was not just the financial
provider for the family, but also took on a greater role with the Child than
the Wife did (see BUX v BUY [2019] SGHCF 4 which the Husband cited). Neither
of the two other High Court authorities cited by the Husband (ie, THL v THM
[2015] SGHCF 11 and UGG v UGH (M.W.) [2017] SGHCF 25) justified shifting the
ratio of indirect contributions in the Husband’s favour in this case.

162 In my judgment, taking a broad-brush approach, a ratio of 60:40 in favour
of the Wife is appropriate. In contrast to Twiss, the Husband here continued
to be a physical presence in the Child’s life even after separation. The
present case was similar to ARY, but I also give credit for the Husband’s
significant involvement in the Child’s life even after the separation. This
was a marriage of 16 years (from 2002 to 2018). However, in reality, for six
of those years from 2012 to 2018, the parties were living separately even
though the marriage was subsisting. The Husband had earned a significant sum
of money throughout the marriage, although the Wife earned more than the
Husband in the first six years or so. The parties had moved multiple times,
with the Husband remaining with [X] LLP throughout, while the Wife had to seek
out different jobs. The Husband had a significant interest outside of work as
well, which the Wife also shared in the costs of. The Wife chose to give up
her work so that she could conceive. She suffered through a complicated
pregnancy and, after the Child was born, was the primary caregiver for the
Child. In these circumstances, a ratio of 60:40 in favour of the Wife is fair.

Average percentage contributions and adjustments

163 I summarise the ratios identified above as follows:

Contributions| Husband (%)| Wife (%)  
---|---|---  
Direct| 84.06| 15.94  
Indirect| 40.00| 60.00  
Average (unadjusted)| 62.03| 37.97  
  
164 The Husband argued that a further adjustment was needed to account for the
money that the Wife had received during the course of the marriage, and to
account for the lump sum of S$1.05m that she would receive as maintenance. He
pointed to s 112(2)(b) and (g) WC, which read:

112.—…

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

…

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

…

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business …

165 The Husband referred to ANX v ANY [2015] 1 SLR 728 (“ANX”) at [74]–[76]
where the High Court had considered the sums received by the wife from the
husband as well as the assets she would receive under a Deed of Separation to
reject the Wife’s submission that she should be awarded 50% of the assets that
remained to be divided. The High Court then awarded the wife 8% of the
remaining assets, which it found was just in light of the amount obtained from
the sale of a property that was granted to her under the Deed of Separation
and the financial benefit she received during the marriage.

166 In my view, there are no grounds for modifying the division of assets
based on what the Wife had received during the marriage. The mere fact that
the Wife did not work from 2008 onwards is not sufficient, in and of itself,
to require an adjustment – her lack of contribution of income from 2008
onwards would be accounted for in terms of direct and indirect contributions.
The fact that the Husband had supported Company [Y] financially is also not
ultimately persuasive – that should be treated as an investment, for which the
Husband would naturally have sought a share of the gains if the company had
been profitable. This is a loss that both parties bear. As for the subsequent
withdrawals from the joint accounts, that was part and parcel of married life,
and I do not see any basis for suggesting that the expenditure was grossly
excessive when considered against their lifestyle and standard of living.

167 As for the maintenance of S$1.05m, I do not think that it is ultimately
appropriate to take this into account. This case is different from the usual
run of cases where division of assets and maintenance are both in issue and
awaiting the court’s determination. In the usual case, the court first
considers division and then supplements that with a maintenance order if
necessary: TNL ([13(c)] supra) at [63]. In the present case, the parties have
agreed on a maintenance sum as well as a mode of payment and registered this
in a consent order. The question is whether the agreed maintenance sum should
be accounted for when arriving at a just and equitable division of matrimonial
assets.

168 I first distinguish the present case from ANX. In that case, the High
Court was faced with a deed of separation that already divided some of the
matrimonial assets, but which did not touch on the remaining assets. There was
no issue of taking into account the maintenance sum in the division exercise.

169 Next, I consider this from first principles. The guiding principle behind
the grant of maintenance is that of financial preservation: Foo Ah Yan v Chiam
Heng Chow [2012] 2 SLR 506 (“Foo Ah Yan”) at [12]. In that sense, it is
forward-looking – it “requires the wife to be maintained at a standard which
is, to a reasonable extent, commensurate with the standard of living she had
enjoyed during the marriage”: Foo Ah Yan at [13]. The division of matrimonial
assets, however, is a backward-looking exercise, in the sense that it seeks to
divide what has been accumulated in the marriage, ie, “the material gains of
the marital partnership” (UZN ([13] supra) at [59]. There is some amount of
interaction between the two matters: the backward-looking decision on division
may affect the forward-looking decision on maintenance where the court decides
that what is given to the wife as part of division is sufficient for her
financial preservation going forward. That makes sense, since if the goal is
financial preservation, the court should consider what needs to be done to
ensure that goal is met, and if financial preservation is met by the result of
the division, there is no need for a further order to be made. This logic,
however, does not apply the other way. The fact that the parties have agreed
on a sum for financial preservation does not affect the determination of what
share of the fruits of the marriage the wife should be entitled to. The sum
received as part of an agreed maintenance does not satisfy the requirement
that the matrimonial assets that have been accumulated should be divided in a
just and equitable manner. Money received in division may be relevant to
maintenance because the latter is concerned only with the financial position
of the wife after the divorce, but money received in maintenance is not the
same as a divided pool of matrimonial assets since the emphasis in the
division exercise is a determination of a just and equitable share of what has
been gained through the economic union of marriage. This is so even though a
lump sum maintenance payment may be agreed between parties, because that
payment is, in principle, a question of financial preservation going forward.
Further, the agreed maintenance was to be paid after the IJ date, that is,
after the point at which the pool of matrimonial assets was to be determined.
Therefore, I choose not to account for the agreed sum of S$1.05m payable as
maintenance to the Wife in this division of matrimonial assets.

170 I do not see any reason to adjust the relative weight between the direct
and indirect contributions in this case. Neither party submitted for such an
adjustment either. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE 15 July 2020 at pp 196–197.

Even including the period of separation, this was a marriage of around 16
years, which is of moderate length. It cannot be said that the Wife has raised
the Child to adulthood. The other factors identified by the Court of Appeal in
ANJ ([129] supra) at [27] do not appear to apply.

171 I round the numbers to the nearest integers, and arrive at 62% and 38% for
the Husband and Wife respectively. The division of the matrimonial assets is
therefore as follows:

(a) For the Husband, S$2,105,591.36 (being 62% of S$3,396,115.09).

(b) For the Wife, S$1,290,573.73 (being 38% of S$3,396,115.09).

Apportionment

172 I turn now to the apportionment of the assets. As the Bukit Timah Property
raises different concerns and is a significant asset, I deal with it
separately from the other assets.

173 In relation to the Bukit Timah Property, the asset is to be divided
between the Husband and Wife in the ratio of 62:38. The Husband submitted that
the Bukit Timah Property should be sold, or, in the alternative, the Wife is
to purchase the Husband’s share. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

HWS at para 178.

He does not appear to want to purchase the Bukit Timah Property. The Wife has
indicated that she would like to keep the Bukit Timah Property. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE 15 January 2020 at p 3, ln 27.

174 The remaining assets in the pool are valued at S$1,645,603.22 (being
S$3,396,115.09 − S$1,750,511.87). Of these, the Husband and Wife are entitled
to S$1,020,274.00 and S$625,329.22 respectively (being 62% and 38%
respectively of the value of the remaining assets). I deduct the sums that are
treated as advances from the Wife’s and Husband’s shares. Those sums are
S$18,984.60 (see [46] above), S$22,000.00 (see [53] above), and S$125,988.85
(see [103] above) for the Wife, and S$75,995.35 (see [103] above) for the
Husband. This leaves the Husband’s and Wife’s entitlements as S$944,278.65
(being S$1,020,274.00 − S$75,995.35) and S$458,355.77 (being S$625,329.22 −
S$18,984.60 − S$22,000.00 − S$125,988.85) respectively. I also deduct those
sums from their respective assets to gain an accurate picture of what assets
are available for apportionment. This gives the Husband’s and Wife’s assets
(other than the Bukit Timah Property) remaining as S$1,385,223.67 (being
S$1,460,251.68 − $75,995.35) and S$18,149.97 (S$1,935,635.29 − S$1,750,511.87
− S$18,984.60 − S$22,000.00 − S$125,998.85) respectively.

175 The difference between the Wife’s assets and her entitlement upon division
is therefore S$440,205.80 (being S$458,355.77 − S$18,149.97). The Husband is
to pay this sum to the Wife as part of the apportionment of assets.

176 To give effect to this division, I order as follows:

(a) In relation to the Bukit Timah Property:

(i) Within three months of the date of this judgment, the Wife is to decide if
she wishes to keep the Bukit Timah Property and to communicate this to the
Husband.

(ii) If the Wife wishes to keep the Bukit Timah Property, she is to obtain an
updated valuation of the market value of the said property within six months
of the date of judgment. The property is to be valued as of this judgment. The
net equity of the property is to be determined by deducting the outstanding
mortgage sum due as of the date of this judgment from the valuation of the
property. The Wife is then to pay 62% of the net equity to the Husband, not
later than nine months after the date of this judgment. The Wife is to bear
all the expenses of the valuation and transfer. In keeping with TIC v TID
[2019] 1 SLR 180, the Wife is also to reimburse the Husband for any mortgage
payments (including repayment of capital and payments of interest and any
redemption sums) made between the date of this judgment and the date of
payment of the required sum to the Husband, by paying to the Husband a sum
equivalent to the said mortgage payments.

(iii) If the Wife does not wish to keep the Bukit Timah Property, the Bukit
Timah Property is to be sold by the parties within 12 months of the date of
this judgment. The net sales proceeds are to be apportioned in the ratio of
62:38 to the Husband and Wife respectively. As the Bukit Timah Property is in
the Wife’s name, the Wife is to transfer the Husband’s share of the sale
proceeds to the Husband within one month of the completion of the sale of the
Bukit Timah Property, or to make the necessary arrangements for the Husband to
receive his share by that time.

(b) As for the remaining assets:

(i) The Husband is to transfer a sum of S$440,205.80 within three months of
the date of this judgment. This is without prejudice to any agreement the
parties may come to as to the use of this sum in a set-off against what the
Wife must pay to the Husband in the event she wishes to retain the Bukit Timah
Property. If such an agreement is forthcoming, the timeline for payment will
be subject to that agreement.

(ii) The parties are to close all joint accounts within three months of the
date of this judgment, except insofar as necessary to give effect to any
agreement or other order of court. The Husband is entitled to keep the balance
of any joint accounts.

Costs

177 If parties are unable to agree on costs, they are to file and exchange
written submissions on costs, limited to ten pages (but excluding exhibits,
list of disbursements, and case authorities), within three weeks of this
judgment.

Conclusion

178 In conclusion, I divide the matrimonial assets between the Husband and
Wife in the ratio of 62:38, to be given effect to in the manner described at
[176] above. The parties are to have liberty to apply within three months of
this judgment if further directions are required to give effect to the orders
above.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Sim Bock Eng, Chan Yu Xin and Khoo Kiah Min Jolyn (WongPartnership LLP) for
the plaintiff;

Khoo Boo Teck Randolph, Tricia Ho, Shawn Teo Kai Jie and

Liu Chenghan Aloysius (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Jan 2021 (17:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

