Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 240

Suit No 814 of 2019  
(Summons No 3727 of 2020)

Between

Reputation Administration Service Pte Ltd

… Applicant

And

Spamhaus Technology Ltd

… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Reputation Administration Service Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Spamhaus Technology Ltd

[2020] SGHC 240

High Court — Suit No 814 of 2019 (Summons No 3727 of 2020)  
Choo Han Teck J  
26 October, 1 November 2020

3 November 2020

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an application for leave to appeal against the decision in
Registrar’s Appeal No 145 of 2020 (“RA 145”), which arises from Suit 814 of
2019 (“the Suit”).

2 The Suit is a claim commenced by the respondent, Spamhaus Technology Ltd
(“ST”), against the applicant, Reputation Administration Service Pte Ltd
(“RAS”). In the Suit, ST alleges that RAS is in arrears of commissions which
are payable to ST under a contract (“the Contract”).

3 On 3 June 2020, RAS took out Summons 2181 of 2020 (“SUM 2181”) to stay the
Suit under O 12 r 7 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”),
on the basis that the Contract contained the following exclusive jurisdiction
clause (“the EJC”):

This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by the laws of England and Wales,
and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England
and Wales in relation to the Agreement and any dispute or claim that arises
out of or in connection with this Agreement.

4 The Assistant Registrar (“AR”) applied the principles in Vinmar Overseas
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v PTT International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271
(“Vinmar”), which he summarised as follows:

(a) The applicant bears the burden of demonstrating that there is a “good
arguable case” that an EJC governs the dispute. To establish a “good arguable
case”, the applicant needs to have “the better of the argument, on the
evidence before the court, that the [jurisdiction] agreement exists and
applies to the dispute” (Vinmar at [41] and [45]).

(b) If the EJC applies, the next question is whether there is strong cause to
refuse a stay of proceedings (Vinmar at [69]).

5 The AR dismissed SUM 2181 as he was unable to conclude that there was a good
arguable case that the EJC governed the Suit. This was because RAS had
“hedg[ed] its position” as to whether the EJC applied. In particular, RAS’
sole director, Mr Goel Adesh Kumar, had stated on affidavit that the EJC would
be an applicable term of the Contract “if indeed such an agreement [was] found
to be established at law”. Mr Goel had also questioned whether ST was a party
to the Contract (and, consequently, whether it had locus standi to bring the
claim).

6 In RA 145, RAS appealed the AR’s decision. After hearing the parties, I
agreed with the AR’s reasoning and dismissed RAS’ appeal on the basis that RAS
had not discharged its burden of showing that the EJC applied. RAS then filed
this application for leave to appeal against my decision.

7 The principles regarding leave to appeal are well-settled. There are at
least three grounds on which RAS can obtain leave to appeal (see Lee Kuan Yew
v Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 at [15] and [16]):

(a) There is a prima facie case of error.

(b) The appeal involves a question of general principle decided for the first
time.

(c) The appeal involves a question of importance upon which further argument
and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.

8 Counsel for RAS, Mr Kyle Yew, contended that my decision in RA 145 involved
a prima facie case of error as I did not consider and apply the decision in
the High Court case of PT Selecta Bestama v Sin Huat Huat Marine
Transportation Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 729 (“PT Selecta”).

9 In PT Selecta, Steven Chong J (as he then was) held (at [40] and [41]) that
the applicability of an EJC would differ depending on which of the following
two categories the case fell within:

(a) If the parties are in dispute as to the existence or validity of the
agreement containing the EJC (eg, due to fraud or misrepresentation), the
dispute would still be determined in accordance with the EJC as if the
contract was valid (“Category 1”).

(b) By contrast, if there was clearly no concluded contract at all, such as
where the parties were ad idem that there was no contract, or where the other
party was defrauded into thinking the contract was of a wholly different
nature giving rise to the plea of non est factum, the EJC would no longer be
applicable (“Category 2”).

10 Mr Yew argued that the present case falls within Category 1 above and that
RAS ought to be able to rely on the EJC notwithstanding that it also intends
to challenge the validity of the Contract in the Suit. By contrast, counsel
for ST, Mr Han Wah Teng, argued that the present case falls within Category 2
above and that the EJC ought not to apply.

11 Having considered the parties’ arguments in detail, I am of the view that
there may be some ambiguity as to whether the present case falls into Category
1 or Category 2 of PT Selecta. On one hand, this is not a case where there is
“clearly no concluded contract at all”. It should be noted that on ST’s own
case, the Contract exists and is binding on the parties. On the other hand,
this is not a case where RAS is disputing the existence or validity of the
agreement on the basis that contract is not validly constituted, eg due to
fraud or misrepresentation. Instead, RAS is disputing whether ST is a party to
the Contract. This appears to be a situation that was not expressly considered
in PT Selecta.

12 In the premises, I am of the view that an appeal of RA 145 would involve a
question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a higher
tribunal (in this case, the Court of Appeal) would be to the public advantage.
I therefore grant leave to appeal, with costs to be reserved.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Kyle Yew Chang Mao and Vanathi Eliora Ray (Joseph Lopez LLP) for the
applicant;  
Han Wah Teng (CTLC Law Corporation) for respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 Nov 2020 (09:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

