Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 34

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9055 of 2019

Between

Loon Wai Yang  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Goods and Services Tax Act (Cap 117A,
2005 Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Loon Wai Yang

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGHC 34

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9055 of 2019  
Chua Lee Ming J  
13 January 2020

18 February 2020

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 Mr Loon Wai Yang (“the Appellant”) was convicted by a Magistrate’s Court on
five charges for offences under s 62(1)(b) read with s 74(1) of the Goods and
Services Tax Act (Cap 117A, 2005 Rev Ed) (“GSTA” or “the Act”) relating to
false goods and services tax (“GST”) returns submitted by a company known as
Web Weaver Fusion Pte Ltd (“the Company”) between May 2006 and April 2008. The
District Judge (“DJ”) sentenced the Appellant to a total of eight weeks’
imprisonment. Pursuant to s 62(1)(i) of the GSTA, the Appellant was also
ordered to pay a penalty of $433,090.56 (ie, three times the amount of GST
overstated).

2 The Appellant appealed against both his conviction and sentence. I allowed
his appeal in respect of the first to fourth charges, set aside his
convictions and sentences, and acquitted him. However, I dismissed his appeal
in respect of the fifth charge.

Background

3 At all material times,

(a) the Appellant held 50% of the shares in the Company while his parents each
held 25%; and

(b) the Company was in the business of data communication services and
development of other software.

4 The Company was registered under the GSTA in 2002 and consequently became a
“taxable person” under the GSTA.

5 As a taxable person under the GSTA,

(a) the Company was required to charge and collect GST on the taxable supplies
of goods and services it made or rendered. The GST charged and collected is
referred to in the GSTA as “output tax”. The Company was required to account
for and pay the output tax to the Comptroller of GST (“the Comptroller”);

(b) the Company could claim from the Comptroller any GST incurred on the
supply of goods or services to it for business purposes. Such GST is referred
to in the GSTA as “input tax”; and

(c) the Company was required to submit a GST return in Form 5 (“the GST F5
return”) to the Comptroller at the end of each prescribed accounting period.
The Company elected to file its GST F5 returns on a quarterly basis.

6 The GST F5 return reports the output tax charged and the input tax incurred
for each accounting period. Where the output tax exceeds the input tax, the
taxable person pays the excess amount to the Comptroller. Where the output tax
is less than the input tax, the taxable person claims a refund of the
difference from the Comptroller.

7 In November 2007, the Company was randomly selected by the Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) for an audit of its GST returns. The IRAS
conducted an audit on the Company’s GST F5 returns for the quarters ended 30
June 2006 to 30 September 2007. Subsequently, the audit extended to the
returns for the quarters ended 31 December 2007 and 31 March 2008.

8 The IRAS found that the Company had made false entries in its GST F5 returns
for the following five quarters:

(a) the first quarter of 2006 (“2006 Q1”);

(b) the first quarter of 2007 (“2007 Q1”);

(c) the second quarter of 2007 (“2007 Q2”);

(d) the third quarter of 2007 (“2007 Q3”); and

(e) the first quarter of 2008 (“2008 Q1”).

9 In essence, the Company had either under-reported the output tax collected
by it or over-reported the input tax incurred by it. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”), vol 2, pp 18 – 22.

Some of the invoices, purporting to support the input tax allegedly incurred
by the Company, were fictitious.

10 The IRAS’ investigations showed that the Company had overclaimed a total
amount of $144,363.52 as GST refunds: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA, vol 2, p 14, table 6.

| Amount of GST refund claimed in GST F5 return(A)| Net amount (refundable) or
payable, after investigations(B)| Amount of GST refund (overclaimed) (C) = (A)
– (B)  
---|---|---|---  
2006 Q1| ($3,104.20)| $238.55| ($3,342.75)  
2007 Q1| ($29,570.00)| $137.83| ($29,707.83)  
2007 Q2| ($36,010.00)| $473.20| ($36,483.20)  
2007 Q3| ($35,150.71)| ($1,573.62)| ($33,577.09)  
2008 Q1| ($42,062.02)| ($809.37)| ($41,252.65)  
TOTAL| ($145,896.93)| ($1,533.41)| ($144,363.52)  
  
11 The GST F5 returns for the five quarters set out above formed the subject
matter of the five charges against the Appellant.

Liability under the GSTA

12 For present purposes, the primary offence is found in s 62(1)(b) of the
GSTA, which provides as follows:

62.––(1) Any person who wilfully with intent to evade or to assist any other
person to evade tax ––

…

(b) makes any false statement or entry in any return, claim or application
made under this Act;

…

shall be guilty of an offence …

13 Section 62(2) of the GSTA provides a rebuttable presumption as to intent
and reads as follows:

Whenever in any proceedings under this section it is proved that any false
statement or entry is made in any return, claim or application furnished under
this Act by or on behalf of any person or in any books of account or other
records maintained by or on behalf of any person, that person shall be
presumed, until the contrary is proved, to have made that false statement or
entry with intent to evade tax.

14 Section 74(1) of the GSTA is a deeming provision, which reads as follows:

74.––(1) Where an offence under this Act has been committed by a company,
firm, society or other body of persons, any person who at the time of the
commission of the offence was a director, manager, secretary or other similar
officer or a partner of the company, firm, society or other body of persons or
was purporting to act in that capacity shall be deemed to be guilty of that
offence unless he proves that ––

(a) the offence was committed without his consent or connivance; and

(b) he exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the offence
as he ought to have exercised, having regard to the nature of his functions in
that capacity and to all the circumstances.

15 The effect of s 74(1) is that an individual’s liability for an offence
committed by an organisation is limited to cases where there is consent,
connivance or a failure to exercise the requisite diligence. However, s 74(1)
presumes such consent, connivance or a failure to exercise the requisite
diligence and shifts the burden to the individual to prove otherwise on a
balance of probabilities.

16 The Company had committed an offence under s 62(1)(b) with respect to each
of the five GST F5 returns set out in [10] above. In this connection, by
virtue of s 62(2), the Company was presumed to have made the false entries in
each of the GST F5 returns with the intent to evade tax.

17 The charges against the Appellant were based on the allegation that as a
manager of the Company, the Appellant was deemed, under s 74(1), to be guilty
of the offences committed by the Company. Each of the charges 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA, vol 1, pp 7 – 11.

against the Appellant alleged that he,

… being a manager, in [his] capacity as Vice-President of [the Company] when
[the Company] did wilfully with intent to evade tax, made a false entry in the
[GST return of the Company] … and [he had] thereby committed an offence under
section 62(1)(b) of the [GSTA], read with section 74(1) of the same, and
punishable under section 62(1)(i) and (ii) of the same.

Appeals against conviction

18 The DJ’s Grounds of Decision are reported as Public Prosecutor v Loon Wai
Yang [2019] SGMC 39 (“the GD”).

19 The Appellant did not dispute that he was a “manager” for the purposes of s
74(1) of the GSTA. His defence was that the offences were committed without
his consent or connivance and that he had exercised the requisite diligence.

The first to fourth charges

20 The first to fourth charges against the Appellant related to the Company’s
GST F5 returns for 2006 Q1 and 2007 Q1, Q2 and Q3.

21 The Appellant did not prepare these GST F5 returns; they were prepared by
his adopted sister, Ms Loon Cheng Yee (“LCY”). The Appellant’s mother was the
declarant in all four returns. The Appellant was merely named as the “Contact
Person” in the return for 2006 Q1; his mother was named as the “Contact
Person” in the other three returns.

22 The Appellant resigned as a director of the Company on 1 August 2005, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA, vol 1, p 911.

due to some disagreements with his mother (who was a co-director) and LCY over
how the Company should be managed. He remained in the Company and continued to
do business development, mainly outside the country.

23 LCY joined the Company in July 2003 and was appointed as the chief
technical officer. She was responsible for financial administration and
control, including GST reporting. She took charge of the finance function in
the Company from its former finance manager in December 2005. LCY handled the
Company’s accounts and GST filings from 2005 until September 2007 when she
left the Company.

24 Ms Tan Mei Ling (“Tan”), 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PW6.

a Senior Tax Investigator with the IRAS, conducted the investigations into the
Company’s GST F5 returns. Tan confirmed that based on her investigations, the
Appellant was not in charge of the accounting department, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA, vol 1, p 218:21 – 23.

and apart from being an authorised signatory to the Company’s bank account, he
was not in charge of the finance department. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA, vol 1, p 218:24 – 219:18.

Tan also confirmed that her investigations did not reveal that the Appellant
had anything to do with the submissions of the GST F5 returns for 2006 Q1 and
2007 Q1–Q3 or that he had seen the returns that were submitted to IRAS. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA, vol 1, p 219:19 – 26.

25 The Appellant submitted that there was no consent or connivance because he
was not involved in the filing of the GST F5 returns.

26 “Consent” and “connivance” require an awareness of what is going on;
however, whereas “consent” requires a more explicit agreement for the illegal
conduct to take place, the agreement in “connivance” is tacit, not actively
encouraging what happens but letting it continue and saying nothing about it:
Abdul Ghani bin Tahir v Public Prosecutor [2017] 4 SLR 1153 (“Abdul Ghani”) at
[99].

27 The DJ applied the definitions in Abdul Ghani and found that the Appellant
had proven on a balance of probabilities that he had not consented to or
connived in the commission of the offences by the Company. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

GD at [40].

There was no evidence that the Appellant was aware of the false entries in the
GST F5 returns. The Prosecution argued that the Appellant would have been
alerted to the fact that the GST refunds had been wrongly credited into the
Company’s bank account because he had access to the Company’s bank account and
the credited GST refunds far exceeded the account balances in the Company’s
bank account at the relevant time. However, Tan’s investigations did not show
that the Appellant was aware of the circumstances leading to the deposit of
the GST refunds. The DJ rejected the Prosecution’s argument and declined to
infer that the Appellant would have been in a position to know whether the
Company qualified for the GST refunds that had been credited into the
Company’s account.

28 As for the requirement to exercise the requisite diligence, the Appellant
referred to the following and submitted that he had exercised all such
diligence possible in the circumstances:

(a) The Appellant had resigned as a director due to disagreements with his
mother and LCY over the management of the Company. He was not in charge of
finance or filing the GST F5 returns in question.

(b) LCY, who was 12 years older than the Appellant and had considerable
experience working in the finance industry, had taken over the finance
function since December 2005.

(c) The Appellant’s role in the Company was that of a marketing and business
development manager. Financial administration, including GST reporting, was
under LCY’s charge. He was therefore not required to concern himself with the
Company’s GST reporting. In this regard, the Appellant also referred to his
difficult relationship with LCY.

(d) Tan’s investigations showed that the Appellant was not in charge of the
accounting department or the finance department. There was no evidence
indicating that the Appellant’s role in the Company included any oversight
over LCY’s work.

(e) There was no reason for the Appellant to be put on notice that anything
was amiss.

29 The Appellant also relied on Pillay v Public Prosecutor [1965] 1 MLJ 35
(“Pillay”). That case concerned ss 16A(1)(c) and 18(2) of Malaysia’s Employees
Provident Fund Ordinance (“the Ordinance”) which, when read together, imposed
liability on, among others, a manager of a company for non-payment of
contributions by the company to its employees. The language used in s 18(2) of
the Ordinance is similar to that found in s 74(1) GSTA. The Malaysian Court
noted that the manager (who was the appellant in that case) was concerned only
with sales and was not responsible for the payment of employees’ salaries. The
Court thus held that “ … there could be no failure on the part of the
appellant in showing any diligence in the doing of what he was not expected to
concern himself”.

30 The DJ rejected the Appellant’s submission. First, the DJ concluded that it
was implausible that, as a member of the senior management of a small family-
run company, the Appellant had no involvement or responsibility in the filing
of the GST F5 returns. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [43].

In the DJ’s view, it was hardly conceivable that there was such a clear
demarcation of roles that the Appellant was completely uninvolved in the
process of filing the GST F5 returns.

31 I disagreed with the DJ’s conclusion. The question was whether the
Appellant had exercised all such diligence to prevent the commission of the
offences as he ought to have exercised. It was clear from s 74(1)(b) GSTA that
all the circumstances of the case, including the nature of the Appellant’s
functions in the Company, had to be considered in answering this question.

32 In my view, the DJ erred in finding that there was no demarcation of roles
simply because the Company was a small family-run company. The mere fact that
the Company was a small family-run company did not in and of itself mean that
there was therefore no demarcation of roles. All the circumstances had to be
considered.

33 In my view, the evidence established that it was more probable than not
that the Appellant was not involved in, and had no oversight over, the
preparation or filing of the GST F5 returns in question. I noted that the
Appellant was part of the senior management of the Company and had been the
declarant for several GST F5 returns filed between 2002 and 2005. However,
that did not change the fact that he ceased to be involved in the GST filings
after he had resigned as director in 2005 and that LCY took over the finance
function and handled the Company’s accounts and GST filings. As the
Appellant’s role in the Company did not require him to be responsible for the
filing of the GST F5 returns, he could not be expected to exercise any
supervision over LCY’s preparation and filing of the GST F5 returns. In this
regard, I agreed with Pillay. It could not be said that the Appellant had
failed to show the requisite diligence when the preparation and filing of the
GST F5 returns were not matters that he was expected to concern himself with.

34 Second, the DJ concluded that the Appellant had not been entirely truthful
about his role in the filing of the GST F5 returns because of some
inconsistencies between his testimony in court and the statements recorded
from him. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at [44].

The inconsistencies related to whether (a) his role was to make purchases for
the Company or only to make recommendations for such purchases, and (b) he had
verified the figures prepared by LCY for some earlier GST F5 returns in which
he was the declarant. In my view, the inconsistencies were not material to the
question of whether the Appellant’s functions in the Company meant that he had
failed to exercise such diligence as he ought to have exercised. The evidence
was clear that, on a balance of probabilities, the Appellant’s functions in
the Company did not include oversight of LCY’s work and did not require him to
concern himself with LCY’s work. Further, the evidence did not show that the
Appellant had any reason to suspect that there was something wrong with the
GST F5 returns in question. In this regard, I noted as well that the DJ
declined to infer that the Appellant was in a position to know whether the
Company qualified for the GST refunds that were being credited to the
Company’s account. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD at [39].

35 In my view, there was no evidential basis for the DJ’s conclusion that the
Appellant had some involvement in the filing of the GST F5 returns such that
he could and ought to have done something more to prevent the commission of
the offences in the first to fourth charges. On the contrary, the evidence
showed that the Appellant had proved, on a balance of probabilities, that he
had satisfied the requirement to exercise the requisite diligence in s
74(1)(b) GSTA.

36 In the circumstances, I set aside the convictions and acquitted the
Appellant on the first to fourth charges.

The fifth charge

37 The fifth charge related to the GST F5 return for 2008 Q1, which the
Appellant had prepared. Clearly, he could not rebut the presumption against
him under s 74(1) GSTA since he could not prove that the offence had been
committed without his consent.

38 The Appellant sought to rely on s 79 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“PC”) instead. The version of s 79 that was in force at the time of the
offence stated as follows:

79. Nothing is an offence which is done by any person who is justified by law, or who by reason of a mistake of fact and not by reason of a mistake of law in good faith believes himself to be justified by law, in doing it.

39 The Company claimed, in its GST F5 return for 2008 Q1, that it had paid an
input tax of $42,062.02 (see [10] above). The amount of input tax claimed was
based on the Company’s reported purchases amounting to $643,014.02. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

GD at [21].

However, the IRAS’ investigations revealed that the Company had made purchases
amounting to only $12,371.65, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD at [21].

which meant that the Company had only paid an input tax of $809.37.

40 The Appellant claimed that the amounts in the GST F5 return were honest
mistakes made without any intention of evading or assisting the Company to
evade tax. He argued that since the IRAS was already investigating the Company
at the time when the GST F5 return was submitted, he would not have
deliberately attempted to commit the same offence. The Appellant claimed that
the mistakes were borne out of a genuine lack of understanding of the
requirements for submitting GST claims. In addition, the Appellant contended
that he had wrongly assumed that he could rely on the IRAS to regularise the
Company’s tax filings and correct any errors in the GST F5 return.

41 The DJ rejected the Appellant’s claim that the false entries in the GST F5
return for 2008 Q1 were honest mistakes. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD at [50].

He found the Appellant’s claim to ignorance unconvincing as the Appellant had
registered the Company under the GSTA and had previously been the declarant
for several GST F5 returns filed between 2002 and 2005. Further, the DJ found
that the disparity between the value of purchases claimed by the Company
($643,014.12) and the value verified by the IRAS ($12,371.65) was too large to
be attributable to a mistake.

42 I agreed with the DJ. It was unbelievable that the Appellant could have
made such a huge mistake as to the value of purchases made by the Company.

43 In any event, even if there had been a mistake, s 79 PC required the
Appellant to have believed in good faith that the claims made in the GST F5
return were correct. In this regard, s 52 PC provides as follows:

52. Nothing is said to be done or believed in good faith which is done or believed without due care and attention.

44 To avail himself of the s 79 defence, the Appellant therefore had to prove
on a balance of probabilities that he had exercised due care and attention in
making the claims in the GST F5 return (see Tan Khee Wan Iris v Public
Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 723 at [17], [19]).

45 The DJ found that the Appellant had failed to exercise the requisite
diligence. I agreed with the DJ. Clearly, the Appellant had acted without due
care and attention. He did not seek help from a professional when preparing
the GST F5 return. As the DJ put it, it was not open to the Appellant “simply
to file a GST F5 return willy-nilly, expecting IRAS to correct any mistakes”.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

GD at [50].

46 In my view, the conviction on the fifth charge was sound. Accordingly, I
dismissed the appeal against the conviction.

Appeals against sentence

47 The offence under s 62(1) GSTA is punishable with a fine not exceeding
$10,000, imprisonment for a term not exceeding seven years, or both. In
addition, the offender must pay a penalty of three times the amount of tax
which has or would have been undercharged in consequence of the offence or
which would have been undercharged if the offence had not been detected.

48 As I had set aside the convictions on the first to fourth charges, it
followed that the sentences imposed, and penalties ordered, by the DJ in
respect of these four charges could no longer stand.

49 As for the fifth charge, the DJ had sentenced the Appellant to three weeks’
imprisonment. As the amount of GST refund had been overstated by $41,252.65
(see [10] above), the DJ ordered the Appellant to pay a penalty of $123,757.95
(ie, three times the amount overstated) to the Comptroller.

50 Before me, the Appellant accepted (in my view, correctly) that the sentence
of three weeks’ imprisonment in respect of the fifth charge was not manifestly
excessive. As for the penalty ordered in relation to the fifth charge, that
was as provided for by s 62(1)(i) GSTA. I therefore dismissed the appeal
against sentence in respect of the fifth charge.

Conclusion

51 I allowed the Appellant’s appeal against conviction in respect of the first
to fourth charges and acquitted him accordingly. It followed that the
sentences imposed, and penalties ordered, in respect of these charges could no
longer stand.

52 However, I dismissed the appeals against conviction and sentence in respect
of the fifth charge.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Abraham S Vergis and Loo Yinglin Bestlyn (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the
Appellant;  
Jordon Li (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

