Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 13

Suit No 790 of 2018

Between

Min Hawk Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

SCB Building Construction Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Building and Construction Law] — [Sub-contracts] — [‘pay when paid’
provisions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Min Hawk Pte Ltd

  
v

  

SCB Building Construction Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 13

High Court — Suit No 790 of 2018  
Chan Seng Onn J  
14–15 August 2019; 24 October 2019

20 January 2020 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This is a dispute between a contractor and its sub-contractor on the
interpretation of payment terms under a two-tranche payment agreement between
both parties (“the Agreement”).

Facts

2 The plaintiff, Min Hawk Pte Ltd, was engaged by the defendant, SCB Building
Construction Pte Ltd, to design, supply and install aluminium and glazing
works in respect of a construction project (“the Project”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 3; Defence at para 3; Mr Gan King Ann’s
(“Mr Gan’s”) AEIC at para 6.

Big Box Pte Ltd (“Big Box”) is the owner of the Project, with the defendant
being the main contractor and the plaintiff being the sub-contractor of the
Project. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 7.

3 The witnesses involved in the trial are as follows:

(a) Mr Gao Xiang, a contract manager for the plaintiff (“Mr Gao”);

(b) Ms Fang Wenfeng, a quantity surveyor for the plaintiff (“Ms Fang”); and

(c) Mr Gan King Ann, a deputy executive director of the defendant (“Mr Gan”).

Payment issue between Big Box and the defendant

4 It is helpful to first lay out the background facts as regards the ongoing
payment issue between the defendant and Big Box which resulted in the present
dispute between the plaintiff and the defendant.

5 An agreement dated 27 March 2017 was reached between the defendant and Big
Box for the resolution of all payment issues relating to the Project. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 16.

The said agreement was subsequently breached as Big Box did not repay the
defendant the sum of $4,707,688.45 owed to the defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Gao Xiang’s (“Mr Gao’s”) AEIC at para 5; Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 17.

On 18 August 2017, the defendant took out a court application under High Court
Originating Summons No 947 of 2017 (“OS 947/2017”) to enforce the terms of the
said agreement. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 18.

On 25 January 2018, the court granted the application in terms pursuant to
High Court Order of Court 720 of 2017 (“ORC 720/2017”) and Big Box was ordered
to pay the defendant the sum of $4,707,688.45. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 19 and p 55.

6 On 25 July 2017, OCBC issued a letter of demand to Big Box referencing a
loan facility agreement, demanding the payment of an outstanding amount of
$111,305,749.96 by 5pm on 14 August 2017, reserving its rights to appoint a
receiver and manager if payment was not received by that date. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at p 97, para 10.

On 27 September 2017, OCBC appointed Ms Ee Meng Yen Angela and Mr Aaron Loh
Cheng Lee as joint and several receivers and managers of all assets and
properties of Big Box, pursuant to the loan facility agreement made by Big Box
with OCBC. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at p 97 at para 11; Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DBOD”) Vol
1 at p 33.

7 On 17 April 2018, the defendant enforced the order by way of a winding up
application in High Court Companies Winding Up No 72 of 2018 (“CWU 72/2018”).
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 21

The hearing of CWU 72/2018 was fixed on 11 May 2018 and subsequently adjourned
to 29 June 2018. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 22.

On 19 April 2018, the solicitors acting for the receivers and managers
appointed by OCBC for Big Box informed the defendant that they would provide
relevant updates in relation to the proposed sale of the building of Big Box.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 24.

8 TT International Limited (“TTI”), a creditor and contributory holding 51% of
shareholdings in Big Box, proposed to adjourn the defendant’s winding-up
application in CWU 72/2018 until the sale of the Big Box building had been
completed in order to facilitate the search for a buyer. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 26.

The defendant acceded to TTI’s request for the adjournment in order to pave
the way for the completion of sale of the Big Box building. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 31.

With the defendant’s consent, on 28 June 2018, TTI’s solicitors made a request
to the High Court to adjourn the hearing of CWU 72/2018 fixed on 29 June 2018.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 32.

The request was allowed. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 32.

9 Despite the defendant’s enquiries on the status of the sale of Big Box from
December 2018 to April 2019, there were no further updates provided to the
defendant by the solicitors of the receivers and managers of Big Box. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Gan’s AEIC at para 34.

The Agreement

10 It is undisputed that the plaintiff had completed the works that the
defendant had sub-contracted to it. On 27 September 2017, the parties entered
into the Agreement concerning payment of an outstanding amount of $486,641.56
owed by the defendant to the plaintiff. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at paras 4–6;

Pursuant to the Agreement, payment for the amount owed was to be made in two
tranches as follows: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DBOD Vol 1 at pp 30–32.

1\. [The defendant] shall pay [the plaintiff] the SUM (comprising the amount
of S$486,641.56 inclusive of GST in the following manner:-

1.1. First tranche of payment in the sum of $200,000.00 by 30 September 2017;;
[sic] and

1.2 Second tranche of payment in the sum of $286,641.56 by 31 January 2018,
which payment is subject to and/or conditional upon [the defendant’s] full
resolution of all outstanding issues with Big Box Pte Ltd (“Big Box”), the
employer for the Project, in relation to the work done by [the defendant] and
to payment payable by Big Box to [the defendant] in connection with the said
work.

2\. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, and
subject to clause 1.2 above, in the event that [the defendant] could not fully
resolve with Big Box payment and/or other issues relating to the Project by
31st December 2017, the Parties shall review the terms and conditions set out
herein and where necessary to extend the payment timeline and/or amend any of
the said terms and conditions. Such revision and/or amendment, upon the
Parties' agreement to the same, shall be binding on the Parties.

[emphasis added in italics, emphasis in original in bold]

11 The Agreement was drafted by the defendant, and signed by both Mr Gao (on
behalf of the plaintiff) and Mr Gan (on behalf of the defendant), after the
terms of the Agreement were read out in English and explained in Mandarin by
Mr Gan to Mr Gao. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 5.

The plaintiff was aware of and had contemplated the defendant’s payment issue
with Big Box, (ie, that Big Box had still owed the defendant money) before
signing the Agreement. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 10.

The defendant agreed to the two tranches of payment as the defendant was
having difficulties making payment at the time and the parties had a long
working relationship. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 9.

12 It is undisputed that the first tranche of payment of $200,000.00 has been
satisfied (“first tranche payment”). The parties are in contention over the
payment date of the second tranche of payment of $286,641.56 (“second tranche
payment”) based on cl 1.2 of the Agreement. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 2; Defendant’s Closing
Submissions (“DCS”) at para 32.

The parties are also in dispute as to whether the parties had discharged their
obligations to review the terms of the Agreement in accordance with cl 2 of
the Agreement. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at para 2; DCS at para 33.

Phone Call 1 and 19 December 2017 Email

13 On 19 December 2017 at about 12.00pm, Mr Gan called Ms Fang (“Phone Call
1”) to (i) update her on the developments of OS 947/2017 (ie, the defendant’s
legal action to pursue payment from Big Box); and (ii) extend the second
tranche payment date to 30 June 2018. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 36.

Over the phone, Ms Fang informed Mr Gan that the plaintiff did not agree to
the defendant’s proposal and told Mr Gan that her “superiors had the final say
with regards to their proposal”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ms Fang’s AEIC at paras 28–29.

14 At 12.50pm, the defendant sent an email dated 19 December 2017 (“19
December 2017 Email”) to the plaintiff: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DBOD Vol 1 at p 74.

As per our tele-conversation a while ago, please be informed that our legal
action to pursuing payment [sic] from Big Box under case OS 947 had been again
postpone to be hear [sic] on 19 Feb 2018, while we have appeal [sic] to the
court for an earlier date which still pending from court’s reply [sic]. The
date specified under clauses 1.2 of our Payment Agreement dated 27 September
2017 (the ‘Agreement’) will not be able to be achieve [sic]. Pursuant to
clauses 2 [sic] of the Agreement, we hereby propose to tentatively extend the
payment date to 30th June 2018 subject and/or conditional upon [the
defendant’s] full resolution of all outstanding payment payable by Big Box Pte
Ltd.

…

15 Thereafter, Ms Fang read the email and checked with her boss on the same
day, who affirmed her decision to reject the proposal to extend the payment
date to 30 June 2018. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at pp 62 and 92.

16 It is Mr Gan’s testimony that the phone conversation took place
approximately 50 minutes before the 19 December 2017 Email was sent. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 36.

On the contrary, it is Ms Fang’s initial testimony that the said phone
conversation occurred after the email had been sent, although she could not
recall the exact date of the phone conversation. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 60.

However, Ms Fang later changed her testimony, noting that Mr Gan did tell her
about the contents of the email and “maybe” sent her an email recording the
parties’ discussion over Phone Call 1 after Phone Call 1 had taken place. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 90.

On the balance of probabilities, I reject Ms Fang’s initial testimony on the
timing of the phone conversation. The words “[a]s per our tele-conversation a
while ago” in the 19 December 2017 Email squarely contradicts her averment
that the phone conversation took place after the email. It is more likely than
not that Mr Gan’s version of events is accurate (ie, the 19 December 2017
Email was sent after the Phone Call 1 and records the contents of the parties’
discussion in Phone Call 1).

17 Based on the above sequence of events, Ms Fang had essentially verbally
rejected the defendant’s proposal for the time extension over Phone Call 1
before reading the 19 December 2017 Email and obtaining the confirmation from
her boss. Thereafter, she retrospectively went to her boss to inform him about
the defendant’s proposal for a time extension, who then affirmed her decision.
Thereafter, the plaintiff did not reply to the 19 December 2017 Email and did
not make further communications to the defendant in relation to the 19
December 2017 Email until 12 March 2018 (see below at [23]). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 37.

18 Ms Fang was also of the understanding that Mr Gao would not have answered
the email as Ms Fang was the one who had to attend to the 19 December 2017
Email for the plaintiff. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 104.

Ms Fang testified that all she had done was to tell the defendant that the
plaintiff did not agree to an extended deadline of 30 June 2018. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 125.

In essence, the plaintiff had communicated a plain rejection of the
defendant’s proposal contained within the 19 December 2017 Email to extend the
second tranche payment deadline to 30 June 2018 and provided no alternative
dates or counter-proposals. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ms Fang’s AEIC at paras 28–29; Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 63.

In the absence of a counter-proposal, the plaintiff had essentially insisted
that the deadline of 31 January 2018 should still apply. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 63.

Phone Call 2

19 Ms Fang testified that she had called the defendant over the phone for
payment some time in February 2018 (“Phone Call 2”) and Mr Gan had informed
her over the phone that according to the contract terms of the Agreement, if
the defendant did not receive payment from Big Box, the defendant would be
unable to pay the plaintiff. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 67.

The purported second offer by the defendant is essentially a “pay when paid”
arrangement, whereby the defendant would only pay the plaintiff when Big Box
paid the defendant. I note that Ms Fang did not adduce any call logs
evidencing this particular call in February 2018. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 70.

Ms Fang also made no reference to Phone Call 2 in February 2018 in her AEIC
and had only first mentioned about Phone Call 2 at trial. Her explanation for
not providing information about Phone Call 2 in her AEIC was that “there was
no record [of the phone call]”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 77.

This explanation is unsatisfactory, given the crucial nature of the purported
offer by the defendant in Phone Call 2.

20 On the other hand, Mr Gan denied having received Phone Call 2 and proposing
the “pay when paid” arrangement in February 2018 to Ms Fang. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at pp 71 and 78.

Mr Gan testified that it would have been impossible for the defendant to have
proposed such an arrangement. Prior to the signing of the Agreement, the
defendant had previously proposed a “pay when paid” arrangement to Ms Fang for
the full sum of $486,641.56 (ie, the total sum of first tranche payment and
second tranche payment) and Ms Fang had rejected such a proposal. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 71.

This resulted in the parties’ negotiation towards a two-tranche payment
arrangement that was enumerated in the Agreement. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 71.

As such, Mr Gan’s understanding was that the plaintiff would not have accepted
the “pay when paid” arrangement, whether for the full or second tranche of
payments and Mr Gan could not have therefore proposed such an arrangement
after the Agreement. I also note that Ms Fang had previously rejected Mr Gan’s
proposal to extend the second tranche payment deadline to 30 June 2018 in
Phone Call 1. It would be illogical for the defendant to still have made an
offer (ie, a “pay when paid” arrangement) in Phone Call 2, which was worse
than the one proposed in the 19 December 2017 Email to Ms Fang which had
already been rejected by the plaintiff.

21 On the balance of probabilities, I find that the “pay when paid
arrangement” was not communicated via Phone Call 2 by Mr Gan to Ms Fang in
February 2018.

Correspondence from 12 March 2018 onwards

22 After the 19 December 2017 Email, there was no further correspondence
between the parties until 12 March 2018, which was after the deadline for the
second tranche payment of 31 January 2018 had lapsed.

23 On 12 March 2018 before 3.27pm, Ms Fang’s attempted to contact Mr Gan via a
phone call to request for the second tranche payment. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ms Fang’s AEIC at para 30; Bundle of Documents (“BOD”) at p 5.

Mr Gan did not pick up the call. At 3.27pm, Mr Gan messaged Ms Fang that he
was “busy at the moment” and asked her to “please call [him] later”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ms Fang’s AEIC at para 30; BOD at p 5.

Thereafter, Ms Fang replied to ask Mr Gan to “please call [her] back”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ms Fang’s AEIC at para 30; BOD at p 5.

24 On 13 March 2018 at 4.38am, Mr Gan sent a message to Ms Fang, informing her
that he was overseas and asking her to call him back on the following
Thursday. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

BOD at p 5. Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 37.

No further calls were made by both parties until 26 March 2018. On 26 March
2018, Ms Fang sent a message to the defendant, asking the defendant to provide
a deadline for the outstanding payment and that her boss was pressuring her to
chase the defendant for payment. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

BOD at p 5.

She also informed the defendant that if there was no further response from the
defendant, her boss might “choose to hire a lawyer”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

BOD at p 5; Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 67.

25 On 21 May 2018, the plaintiff’s solicitor sent a letter of demand to the
defendant for the payment of the second tranche payment amount, noting that if
the defendant did not make payment by 28 May 2018, they would commence legal
action against the defendant. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 16.

26 On 31 May 2018, the defendant replied to the plaintiff’s solicitor, stating
that the second tranche payment was not due for payment pursuant to cl 1.2 of
the Agreement and that the defendant would keep the plaintiff updated on the
development of Big Box’s liquidation proceedings. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 17.

27 On 1 June 2018, the plaintiff’s solicitors informed the defendant in a
letter that the second tranche payment was due under the Agreement and that
the plaintiff’s entitlement to payment was not contingent on the defendant’s
recovery of their due payments from Big Box. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 18.

The plaintiff’s solicitor also stated in the letter that the plaintiff had
“not been kept appraised of the matter regarding [Big Box]”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 18.

The plaintiff also noted that the defendant had filed CWU 72/2018 against Big
Box on 17 April 2018 and that the defendant had failed to initiate a review
with the plaintiff pursuant to cl 2 of the Agreement which had set a deadline
of 31 December 2017. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 18.

The plaintiff stated that they were “prepared to hear what [the defendant’s]
proposal [was] and review the [Agreement]” and asked to meet the defendant on
8 June 2018 for a meeting with their solicitors present. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 18.

28 On 8 June 2018, the plaintiff sent another reminder letter to the
defendant, stating that as the plaintiff did not hear from the defendant in
respect of their letter dated 1 June 2018, the plaintiff assumed that the
defendant had no interest in resolving the matter and was instructed to demand
that the second tranche payment be paid immediately. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 19.

29 On 12 June 2018, the defendant replied in a letter to the plaintiff,
disagreeing with the assertions made by the plaintiff in its letter dated 1
June 2018 on the defendant’s failure to keep the plaintiff informed, given
that the defendant had sent the 19 December 2017 Email updating the progress
of the defendant’s legal proceedings and receiving no further response from
the plaintiff. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 20.

The defendant also stated that the second tranche payment was not due in
accordance with the Agreement and proposed for an extension of the deadline of
the second tranche payment to 31 December 2018. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 20.

The defendant also proposed to meet the plaintiff on 14 June 2018 or 27 June
2018 at the defendant’s office. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 20.

30 On 13 June 2018, the plaintiff wrote a letter to the defendant, rejecting
the latter’s proposal for the deadline of the second tranche payment to be
extended till 31 December 2018. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 22.

31 Parties agreed to meet on 27 June 2018 with their solicitors present, where
the plaintiff’s lawyer requested the defendant to provide documentary proof of
the defendant’s financial situation with Big Box 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 126.

However, the plaintiff’s lawyers did not receive any such documentation. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 126.

32 On 10 July 2018, the plaintiff wrote to the defendant, stating that unless
the defendant provided evidence that it was able to make payment and provide a
definite deadline or schedule of payment, the plaintiff would assume that the
defendant would be in breach of the Agreement and would proceed with a claim
against the defendant. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 25.

33 On 11 July 2018, the defendant wrote a letter to the plaintiff’s
solicitors, informing that the plaintiff had breached cl 2 of the Agreement by
failing, refusing and/or neglecting to review the terms of the Agreement and
to extend the payment timeline as the defendant required the plaintiff, by way
of the 19 December 2017 Email, to review the terms of the Agreement. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 26.

The defendant explained that by virtue of cl 2 of the Agreement, the second
tranche payment by 31 January 2018 is subject to and conditional upon the
defendant’s full resolution of all outstanding issues with Big Box and as the
defendant had informed the plaintiff via the 19 December 2017 Email, their
resolution with Big Box was pending and the defendant wanted to exercise its
contractual right by requiring the payment timeline to be extended to 30 June
2018. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at pp 26-27.

The defendant also stated that the plaintiff had no contractual right to
presently demand that the second tranche payment to be paid by 31 January
2018, when such payment was conditional on the resolution of issues with Big
Box. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 27.

The defendant then demanded the plaintiff to comply with cl 2 of the Agreement
to review the term on the payment timeline and to extend the timeline to 31
December 2018, in order to use the extended timeline to resolve the
outstanding issue with Big Box. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 27.

34 On 18 July 2018, the plaintiff rejected the defendant’s proposal for the
deadline of the second tranche payment to be extended to 31 December 2018,
noting that the review under cl 2 of the Agreement would be subject to the
plaintiff’s agreement and the review mechanism did not absolve the defendant
of its liability to make payment. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 28.

The plaintiff also noted that the defendant had not provided sufficient
information on the winding up application against Big Box and evidence that
there would be surplus from the sale of the building (of Big Box) after
satisfying the claims made by the secured creditors. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at pp 28-29.

The plaintiff also enquired if the defendant would accept service of process
in the plaintiff’s claim if the defendant failed to make payment of the
claimed amount by 31 July 2018, which would be six months since 31 January
2018 (ie, the original deadline stipulated in the Agreement). 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 29.

35 On 31 July 2018, the defendant replied that the plaintiff had been apprised
of the reasons for an extension of timeline by way of the 19 December 2017
Email and explained that the defendant failed to see how it could further
apprise the plaintiff of the prospect of full resolution of all outstanding
payment issues with Big Box (including the surplus of the sale of the
building), when the legal proceedings against Big Box were still ongoing. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mr Gao’s AEIC at p 32.

My decision

Issues

36 Parties are essentially in dispute over the following issues, which I will
address in turn:

(a) The parties’ obligations under cll 1.2 and 2 of the Agreement and their
respective breaches of these obligations; and

(b) When the second tranche payment is due and the date from which the
interest for the second tranche payment should start accruing.

Obligations under cl 1.2 of the Agreement

37 Clause 1.2 of the Agreement requires the defendant to pay the plaintiff the
second tranche payment by 31 January 2018, only subject to and conditional
upon the defendant’s full resolution of all outstanding issues with Big Box,
in relation to two aspects:

(a) The work done by the defendant; and

(b) The payment payable by Big Box to the defendant in connection with the
said work.

This means that the defendant would only be obliged to make payment of the
second tranche payment to the plaintiff by 31 January 2018 if Big Box and the
defendant fully resolved the payment payable by Big Box to the defendant. I
now turn to analyse the meaning of the condition precedent in cl 1.2: the full
resolution of all outstanding issues with Big Box in relation to the payment
payable by Big Box to the defendant.

Full resolution of all outstanding issues in relation to payment payable (cl
1.2)

38 The plaintiff argues that the outstanding issues in relation to the payment
payable by Big Box to the defendant would be fully resolved once the amount
payable is determined. Such a determination was made pursuant to ORC 720/2017
on 25 January 2018 where the court determined the judgment sum. As such, the
plaintiff submits that the defendant’s obligation under cl 1.2 was operative
on 25 January 2018. The second tranche payment was due by 31 January 2018
because the outstanding issues with Big Box in relation to payment payable by
Big Box had been fully resolved by 25 January 2018 when the judgment sum
pursuant to ORC 720/2017 was ordered.

39 On the contrary, the defendant takes the position that the full resolution
of all outstanding issues with Big Box in relation to “payment payable” must
include the full enforcement of the judgment debt owed by Big Box to the
defendant. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 75.

This would require the liquidator of Big Box to ascertain the final accounts
of the sale of the Big Box building, pay off its secured creditors and notify
the defendant of the final amount (if any) that the defendant would be
receiving from the proceeds of the sale of the building. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 88.

40 I agree with the defendant’s position that there was no full resolution of
all outstanding issues with Big Box in relation to the payment payable to the
defendant by 25 January 2018 when the judgment sum was ordered to be paid by
Big Box to the defendant pursuant to ORC 720/2017. The words “full resolution”
and “all outstanding issues” presupposes that the determination of the amount
payable to the defendant by Big Box must be final. As Mr Gan rightly
explained, the judgment sum ordered on 25 January 2018 was only a “milestone”
for the full resolution of the judgment debt. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 90.

On 25 January 2018, there was only a court determination as to how much the
defendant was entitled to before the enforcement of the judgment sum. The
enforcement of the judgment sum would take into account the success of the
winding up application, the sale of the Big Box building and the payment of
the secured creditors which affects the final determination of the amount of
payment payable by Big Box to the defendant. I find that the judgment sum
ordered under ORC 720/2017 is merely an intermediate determination of the
payment payable by Big Box to the defendant. Mr Gan further clarified that the
full resolution of outstanding issues in relation to the payment payable by
Big Box did not require Big Box to actually have to pay the defendant a
certain sum of money at the end of the winding up proceedings. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 91.

The defendant might well have received nil payment after the sale of the Big
Box building and the payment of the secured creditors if there was nothing
left for distribution to the unsecured creditors. To my mind, only at that
stage can it be said that there was a full resolution of all outstanding
issues with Big Box in relation to the amount of payment payable by Big Box to
the defendant as a condition precedent required by cl 1.2 of the Agreement.

41 In any case, by 31 January 2018, the plaintiff had already breached its
obligation under cl 2 which requires both parties to review the payment date
in the event that the defendant could not fully resolve with Big Box payment
and other issues relating to the Project by 31 December 2017. Even ORC
720/2017 in which Big Box was ordered to pay the defendant the amount of
$4,707,688.45 had not been made yet as at 31 December 2017. Clearly, the
payment and other issues relating to the Project had not been fully resolved
by 31 December 2017. The 31 January 2018 payment date under cl 1.2 would not
have been binding on the defendant since the plaintiff had breached its
obligation to review the terms of the Agreement under cl 2 of the Agreement by
rejecting the defendant’s initial request to review on 19 December 2017. This
will be further elaborated below at [51].

42 For the above reasons, I reject the plaintiff’s averment that the defendant
is in breach of cl 1.2 and that the defendant was obliged to pay the second
tranche payment by 31 January 2018.

Obligations under cl 2 of the Agreement

43 Clause 2 of the Agreement states that in the event that the defendant could
not fully resolve with Big Box payment and/or other issues relating to the
Project by 31 December 2017, both parties “shall review the terms and
conditions set out” in the Agreement and where necessary, extend the payment
timeline and/or amend any of the said terms and conditions. The word “shall”
in cl 2 of the Agreement implies a mandatory obligation on both parties to
review the terms and conditions of the Agreement. The words “where necessary”
imply that cl 2 does not compel either party to extend the payment timeline or
amend any of terms and conditions, but only imposes upon the parties the
obligation to review. I will now turn to examine the substance of this
obligation to review.

Breach of obligation to review

44 On 19 December 2017, Mr Gan made Phone Call 1 and updated the plaintiff by
way of the 19 December 2017 Email on the status of the legal action pursuing
payment from Big Box under OS 947/2017, which was adjourned to 19 February
2018. The defendant initiated a request for a review by making an initial
proposal of extending the payment date to 30 June 2018, subject to the
defendant’s full resolution of all outstanding payment payable by Big Box. The
words used were “we hereby propose” and “pursuant to [cl 2] of the Agreement”
(see above at [13]), which clearly indicates the defendant’s intention to
initiate a review of the terms and conditions (ie, the payment date of 31
January 2018 for the second tranche payment) under cl 2 of the Agreement.

45 At that juncture, both parties’ obligations to “review” under cl 2 had
crystallised as the defendant had not fully resolved payment relating to the
Project with Big Box: by 19 December 2017, the defendant had only taken out a
court application under OS 947/2017 (on 18 August 2017) to enforce the terms
of its agreement with Big Box (see above at [5]), and the hearing date which
had been postponed to 19 February 2018 was brought forward to 25 January 2018
on 16 January 2018. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Registrar’s Notice dated 16 January 2018 for HC/OS 947/2017.

The condition precedent for the adherence to such a payment date had not been
satisfied. As such, the defendant was not bound by the payment date of 31
January 2018 as enumerated in cl 1.2.

46 The defendant’s 19 December 2017 Email was of particular significance.
First, the defendant updated the plaintiff on the defendant’s progress on its
legal suit under OS 947/2017, providing justification for its inability to
satisfy the payment date of 31 January 2018 under cl 1.2 of the Agreement.
Second, the defendant made a proposal to tentatively extend the payment date
to 30 June 2018, subject to the defendant’s full resolution of outstanding
payments by Big Box.

47 Mr Gao initially testified that the 19 December 2017 Email was a mere
“request to change the payment date”, but subsequently accepted that it was a
“request to review” by virtue of the words “hereby propose to tentatively
extend”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at pp 13-15.

Ms Fang also initially testified that the 19 December Email was “a mere
notification”, rather than a “request to review” the terms and conditions of
the payment agreement. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 54.

However, this is contradicted by her own AEIC, where she had described the 19
December 2017 Email as a “proposal”, which is more analogous to a request for
review than a mere notification. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 55.

Ms Fang eventually conceded that the said email was a request by the defendant
to extend the payment time to 30 June 2018. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 55.

I find that by way of Phone Call 1 and the 19 December 2017 Email, the
defendant had initiated an early request for a review of the terms of the
Agreement under cl 1.2 of the Agreement because it was already clear by this
time that due to the postponement of the hearing of OS 947/2017 to 19 February
2018, the payment and other issues relating to the Project would not be fully
resolved by 31 December 2017.

48 The plaintiff submits that by rejecting the defendant’s proposal, it had
implicitly requested for the payment of the second tranche payment to be made
on 31 January 2018, satisfied the condition pursuant to cl 2 of the Agreement
preventing the plaintiff from demanding payment before 31 January 2018, and
accordingly fulfilled its obligation to review the Agreement. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS at paras 46–48.

49 To my mind, this cannot suffice to discharge an obligation to “review”
contemplated under cl 2 of the Agreement. The plaintiff demonstrated bad faith
through a plain rejection of the defendant’s proposal and did not genuinely
engage its obligation to review the payment date term under cl 2 of the
Agreement. As found above at [18], Ms Fang had merely communicated a plain
rejection of (a) the defendant’s proposal to extend the payment date to 30
June 2018; and (b) the defendant’s request to review the Agreement terms,
without providing a counter-proposal such as alternative dates or a suggestion
of a meeting to properly review the term set out in cl 1.2 concerning the
payment date for the second tranche payment.

50 Further, Mr Gao sought to excuse the plaintiff’s failure to reply to the
defendant’s proposal by alleging that he did not read the 19 December 2017
email because it was sent to his “old email address”. Mr Gao testified that he
did not look at the emails sent to that “old email address” everyday but only
saw it a few weeks later. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 24.

In my view, this defence raised at trial is unsatisfactory. The fact of the
matter is that Mr Gao had received emails from the defendant previously sent
to that same email address and provided no other proof that he had notified
the plaintiff not to email him on that “old email address”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at pp 40–41.

Mr Gao also admitted to assuming that Ms Fang would respond and did not
personally ask Ms Fang to respond to the 19 December 2017 Email. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 23.

In any case, Ms Fang testified that she had read the 19 December 2017 Email
after rejecting the defendant’s proposal in Phone Call 1. Yet the plaintiff
still took no further action to communicate to the defendant about its request
to review the terms of the Agreement before 31 January 2018. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 62.

As I believed the testimony of Mr Gan that Phone Call 2 did not exist (see
above at [21]), the next communication between the parties occurred on 12
March 2018, when Ms Fang attempted to contact Mr Gan via a phone call. This
was after the payment date of 31 January 2018 specified in cl 1.2 of the
Agreement had already lapsed.

51 It is apposite to note at this juncture that the plaintiff was under no
obligation whatsoever to extend the payment date for the defendant, as the
obligation to extend the payment timeline is only “where necessary” (see cl 2
of the Agreement). What the plaintiff failed to do was to discharge its
obligation to review the terms and conditions set out in the Agreement in good
faith, by demonstrating either a genuine interest to better understand the
circumstances (eg, proposing a meeting for a review before 31 January 2018) or
a counter-proposal for alternative dates (eg, a date earlier than 30 June 2018
as proposed in the 19 December 2017 Email). I find that the contractual duty
to review is one whereby both parties should review the terms and conditions
together and would minimally require the plaintiff to respond to the
defendant’s initial request for a review in the 19 December 2017 Email.
Instead, Ms Fang had merely rejected the defendant’s request over Phone Call 1
to initiate a review before reading the 19 December 2017 Email and after
reading and checking with her boss, made no further communications to the
defendant in relation to the 19 December 2017 Email until 12 March 2018.
Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff was the first party to breach its
obligation to review under cl 2 of the Agreement.

52 I also find that the defendant had not breached its duty to review under cl
2 of the Agreement when it did not provide supporting documents to prove to
the plaintiff that it needed to extend the deadline for payment. First, the 19
December 2017 Email had updated the plaintiff on the status of the legal
proceedings between the defendant and Big Box (ie, OS 947/2017). Second, the
plaintiff also did not ask for supporting documents relating to OS 947/2017
and the winding up application in CWU 72/2018 until the plaintiff’s lawyers
requested for such documentary proof on the 27 June 2018 meeting between the
plaintiff and the defendant (see above at [31]). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript 15 August 2019 at p 98.

This was six months after the defendant had initiated a request for a review
by way of the 19 December 2017 Email.

53 Finally, the fact that the defendant made Phone Call 1 and sent the 19
December 2017 Email to the plaintiff puts paid to the plaintiff’s pleaded case
that the plaintiff “did not receive any payment on 31 January 2018 nor did the
[defendant] notify the [plaintiff] of the delay nor requested for a review”.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

SOC at para 8.

Payment date for second tranche payment

54 The defendant accepts that the second tranche payment has to be paid to the
plaintiff. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 111.

The anterior question to be answered is when the second tranche payment was
due, which determines when the interest for the second tranche payment should
start accruing from.

55 The parties did not agree to a variation of the Agreement in accordance to
cl 2 and the defendant had not fully resolved its outstanding issues with Big
Box as required by cl 1.2 of the Agreement by 31 January 2018. As such, the
payment date would be set at large since the Agreement is silent on the
extension of the payment date in the absence of a signed written agreement as
required under cl 6 of the Agreement: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

BOD at p 2.

No variation to this Agreement (including any amendment, supplementation,
addition and/or deletion, however effected) shall be valid and/or enforceable
unless made in writing and signed by the Parties.

56 Where a contract does not specify the time for performance by a party that
has undertaken to carry out such performance, an obligation to perform within
a reasonable time is implied by law: Max Master Holdings Ltd v Taufik Surya
Dharma [2016] SGHC 147 at [98]; Naughty G Pte Ltd v Fortune Marketing Pte Ltd
[2018] 5 SLR 1208 at [148]. In the absence of an extension of time clause in
the Agreement, the time to complete the contractual obligation will be set at
large and the defendant has to pay the plaintiff within a reasonable time,
which is a question of fact: Fongson Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Kensteel
Engineering Pte Ltd [2011] SGHC 82 at [25].

57 Having holistically assessed the facts before me, I find that the second
tranche payment was due on 28 May 2018. This date is derived from the fact
that on 21 May 2018, the plaintiff issued a letter of demand requiring the
defendant to make payment by 28 May 2018, failing which the plaintiff would
commence legal action against the defendant (see above at [25]). Reasonable
time had been given to the defendant to make payment of the second tranche.
The parties’ earlier correspondence on 12, 13 and 26 March 2018 evidenced no
counter-proposals by the plaintiff to provide a reasonable alternative payment
date for the defendant for the second tranche payment, in relation to the
defendant’s proposal in the 19 December 2017 Email. The letter of demand dated
21 May 2018 was the first time the plaintiff had communicated a reasonable
alternative payment date (ie, 28 May 2018) for the defendant to make the
second tranche payment after rejecting the defendant’s proposal for an
extension of the payment date to 30 June 2018 over Phone Call 1. I also took
into consideration the fact that by 28 May 2018, the defendant had already
started enforcement proceedings of the judgment sum order by way of the
winding application in CWU 72/2018 on 17 April 2018 (see above at [7]).

Conclusion

58 For the foregoing reasons, I hold that the defendant is liable to make
payment to the plaintiff for the sum of $286,641.56, with interest of 5.33%
per annum accruing as of 28 May 2018.

59 Since the defendant already accepts that the second tranche payment has to
be paid to the plaintiff at some point of time, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript 14 August 2019 at p 111.

the dispute is essentially over when the interest on the judgment sum should
commence. If I were to take the extreme positions of both parties (ie, the
plaintiff’s position that the interest should commence on 31 January 2018, and
the defendant’s position that the interest should commence on the date of
judgment), the difference in the interest to be paid by the defendant at 5.33%
per annum on the sum of $286,641.56 for the difference of about two years,
given the court’s timeframe for disposal of cases, would be in the region of
about $30,000. I find it very difficult to comprehend why the parties would
want to spend so much time and money to litigate the matter in the High Court
essentially over a very small sum.

60 I will hear parties on costs, if not agreed.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Ng Hweelon and Tay Ming Xun (Veritas Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Kris Chew Yee Fong and Su Hongling (Zenith Law Corporation) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

