Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 168

Criminal Case No 47 of 2019

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Azlin binte Arujunah  
---|---  
(2)| Ridzuan bin Mega Abdul Rahman  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Complicity] — [Common intention]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Murder]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Hurt]

[Criminal Law] — [Special exceptions] — [Diminished responsibility]

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Children and Young Persons Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Azlin bte Arujunah and another

[2020] SGHC 168

High Court — Criminal Case No 47 of 2019  
Valerie Thean J  
12–15, 18–20, 26–29 November 2019, 20 January, 3 April, 19 June, 13 July 2020

13 August 2020

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 Azlin binte Arujunah (“Azlin”) and Ridzuan bin Mega Abdul Rahman (“Ridzuan”)
were jointly tried on multiple charges for various acts of abuse from July
2016 to October 2016 against their five-year-old son (“the Child”). In respect
of a series of four scalding incidents which resulted in the Child’s death on
23 October 2016, they were charged with murder under s 300(c) read with s 34
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). After trial, I
amended these murder charges and convicted Azlin and Ridzuan on newly framed
charges based on the scalding incidents. I also convicted Azlin and Ridzuan on
the charges for the acts of abuse, save for one on which they were acquitted.
Azlin was sentenced to 27 years’ imprisonment and 12 months’ imprisonment in
lieu of caning, while Ridzuan was sentenced to 27 years’ imprisonment and 24
strokes of the cane. I now furnish the grounds for my decision.

Background

2 At the time of the offences, the accused persons, then 24 years of age, were
the parents of six children. Azlin and Ridzuan lived together with four of
their children at the material time: their oldest son, who was turning seven
years old at the time, the Child, who was their second son, and two younger
daughters, who were three and two years old respectively. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”) at paras 3–4.

3 The Child had lived with a friend of Azlin’s, [Z], since March 2011, when he
was a few months old. In time, [Z] sought to make childcare and schooling
arrangements for the Child near her home, but was unable to secure the
parents’ consent. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”), p 361 at [31]

As a result, the Child was returned to Azlin and Ridzuan in May 2015. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PS40 at paras 29–33: AB at p 362 at [33].

[Z] and her family also sought to see the Child from time to time, but were
denied access after January 2016. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PS40 at paras 34–36: AB, p362 at [34] – [36]

4 The offences in this case came to light when the Child was admitted to the
Emergency Department at KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital (“KK Hospital”) on
22 October 2016 at around 7.57pm. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ASOF at para 10.

He received emergency intensive care, but was pronounced dead on 23 October
2016 at 9.13am. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

P168 at p 3: AB at p 113. See also ASOF at para 16.

Subsequent investigation revealed a series of offences from July to 22 October
2016. At trial, the Prosecution proceeded on six charges against Azlin, and
nine charges against Ridzuan. The charges against Azlin were as follows:

(a) one charge under s 300(c) read with s 34 and punishable under s 302(2) of
the Penal Code, for incidents spanning 15 to 22 October 2016 (as amended on
the second day of trial and marked “C1A”);

(b) two charges under s 5(1) punishable under s 5(5)(b) of the Children and
Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2010 Rev Ed) (“CYPA”) for incidents in August 2016
(marked “C2” and “C3”);

(c) one charge under s 324 read with s 109 of the Penal Code for an incident
in end August to early September 2016 (marked “C4”) corresponding to Ridzuan’s
charge for the same act below marked D4; and

(d) two charges under s 5(1) punishable under s 5(5)(b) of the CYPA read with
s 34 of the Penal Code for incidents in October 2016 (marked “C5” and “C6”)
and corresponding to Ridzuan’s charges marked D7 and D9 respectively.

5 Ridzuan was tried on the following charges:

(a) one charge under s 300(c) read with s 34 of the Penal Code for incidents
spanning 15–22 October 2016 (as amended on the second day of trial and marked
“D1A”);

(b) three charges under s 5(1) punishable under s 5(5)(b) of the CYPA for
incidents in July 2016 and October 2016 (marked “D2”, “D3”, and “D6”);

(c) three charges under s 324 of the Penal Code for incidents in end-August to
early September, early October, and 18–19 October 2016 (marked “D4”, “D5”, and
“D8”); and

(d) two charges under s 5(1) punishable under s 5(5)(b) of the CYPA read with
s 34 of the Penal Code for incidents in October 2016 (marked “D7” and “D9”).

6 In these grounds of decision, I refer to charges C1A and D1A as “the Murder
Charges”. The other charges are referred to as “the Abuse Charges”.

Joint trial of Abuse and Murder Charges

7 Prosecution initially informed parties that they would stand down the Abuse
Charges until after the trial of the Murder Charges. On 19 September 2019,
however, they notified defence counsel of their decision to try all the
charges together. Counsel for Ridzuan did not object. Counsel for Azlin
objected, on the basis that the joinder would be prejudicial to Azlin’s
defence; alternatively, counsel requested for a vacation of the first tranche
of trial dates fixed for 15–17 and 22–25 October 2019. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See Letter to Court dated 26 September 2019.

At the subsequent pre-trial conference on 7 October 2019, I vacated the
October trial dates but allowed the joinder of the charges at a single trial.
The trial then convened on the allocated dates in November 2019, with
subsequent dates added in 2020.

8 The objection to the joining of the charges was renewed by counsel for Azlin
in closing submissions and I deal with the objections here. It was not
disputed that the grounds for joining of those offences under s 133 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) were satisfied. Azlin
objected to the trial of these offences together on the basis that the she
would be prejudiced or embarrassed in her defence as the evidence amounted to
similar fact evidence and argued for the need for separate trials by virtue of
s 146 of the CPC.

9 In Lee Kwang Peng v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [1997] 2 SLR(R) 569
(“Lee Kwang Peng”) at [57], Yong Pung How CJ noted that whether a judge should
order a joinder is governed by wholly different considerations from the
question whether similar fact evidence should be admitted. A judge, as the
trier of fact and in contrast to a jury, is endowed with the judicial ability
to preserve and apply the rule against similar facts and may treat the
evidence of different incidents separately. Whether a joinder is appropriate
in such a case as the present is governed by what is now s 133 of the CPC
(previously, s 169: see Lee Kwang Peng at [58]). There is no dispute that s
133 of the CPC was satisfied in this case. On this point, the Abuse Charges
were relevant in setting the context for the Murder Charges, and the offences
“form or are a part of a series of offences of the same or a similar
character”.

10 The question then, was whether the joint trial of the offences would
prejudice the accused or embarrass her in her defence such that the court
should exercise its powers under s 146 of the CPC to order a separate trial:
see Lee Kwang Peng at [59]. The concept of “similar fact evidence” was not
relevant in the present case as it protects against the potential prejudice
caused by proof of acts of past misconduct in relation to the proof of other
offences. In the present case, however, the actus of each of these offences
arose from her own admissions in her undisputed statements. The facts of these
past offences were independently relevant and therefore distinguished from
similar fact evidence: see Lee Kwang Peng at [36]. As is made clear by
Illustrations (i), (o) and (p) in s 14 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed) (“Evidence Act”), evidence of habit or general disposition are not
relevant but facts illuminating intent are. The state of mind of Azlin over
the time period in question and the context in which the offence was committed
were relevant under s 14 of the Evidence Act. Because the incidents of the
Abuse Charges formed part of a series in the lead up to the Murder Charges,
they cast light on the intention and knowledge of Azlin and Ridzuan which, as
these grounds explain, were crucial to the determination of their case and
sentencing. The evidence was admissible in law; joint trial was appropriate,
and did not cause any prejudice.

11 Counsel for Azlin raised a further argument in closing submissions that was
not raised prior to trial. This is that Azlin would have testified in her
defence for the Abuse Charges, but chose not to because of the Murder Charge.
To the contrary, Azlin did not dispute three of the Abuse Charges, and the
source for the evidence for the remaining charges was her own statements,
which she had conceded were voluntary. In my view, the facts well show that
Azlin was not prejudiced by her election not to give evidence on any of the
charges.

12 I start, then, with the Abuse Charges, which inform the context for the
Murder Charges.

The Abuse Charges

July and August CYPA charges

13 The series of offences commenced in July, with CYPA offences committed by
Ridzuan against the Child.

14 Section 5(1) of the CYPA reads:

A person shall be guilty of an offence if, being a person who has the custody,
charge or care of a child or young person, he ill-treats the child or young
person or causes, procures or knowingly permits the child or young person to
be ill-treated by any other person.

15 Section 5(2) of the CYPA provides a list that defines the scope of “ill-
treats” under the CYPA. For the present case, the relevant provisions are s
5(2)(a) and s 5(2)(b) of the CYPA, which provide:

For the purposes of this Act, a person ill-treats a child or young person if
that person, being a person who has the custody, charge or care of the child
or young person —

(a) subjects the child or young person to physical or sexual abuse;

(b) wilfully or unreasonably does, or causes the child or young person to do,
any act which endangers or is likely to endanger the safety of the child or
young person or which causes or is likely to cause the child or young person
—--

(i) any unnecessary physical pain, suffering or injury;

(ii) any emotional injury; or

(iii) any injury to his health or development …

16 It was not disputed that the Child was a child in the “custody, charge or
care” of the Azlin and Ridzuan.

Ridzuan’s offences in July 2016

17 In July 2016, the Prosecution alleged that Ridzuan had used pliers to pinch
the Child twice. These charges, D2 and D3, were similar. D2 read as follows:

That you, RIDZUAN BIN MEGA ABDUL RAHMAN, … sometime in July 2016, at [xxx],
Singapore, being a person who has care of a child, namely, [the Child] (male,
5 years old), did ill-treat the said child, to wit, by using a pair of pliers
to pinch his buttocks [D3 reads, “the back of his thighs”], and you have
thereby committed an offence under s 5(1) and punishable under s 5(5)(b) of
the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed).

18 The Prosecution’s case was based on Ridzuan’s statements which were
admitted by consent. In his statement recorded on 27 October 2016 (marked
P201), Ridzuan admitted to this first incident in July 2016, as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

P201 at para 61: AB at p 321.

In addition to that, I had used a palm sized, red coloured handle pliers with
sharp point tips to pinch [the Child]. The first time I did that was in July
2016, on an afternoon. I cannot remember why I had used the pliers on [the
Child] but I remembered pinching [the Child’s] buttocks a few times with the
pliers until the skin turned blue-black and had bruises. [The Child] was
wearing his shorts when I did that. After pinching him, I pulled down his
shorts and saw that there were many bruises. As such, I stopped and continued
to use the pliers to threaten him. After that, I helped [the Child] to apply
‘Gamat’ medicated oil so that his wound would heal faster.

[emphasis added]

19 Ridzuan also gave an account of the second incident in July 2016 in the
same statement: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

P201 at para 62: AB at p 321.

A few days after I first used the pliers to pinch [the Child’s] buttocks, also
on an afternoon, [the Child] made me angry again. This time, I also used the
pliers to pinch on [the Child’s] back of his thighs (sic ) until it bruised. I
chose that area as the buttock was bruised a few days ago and I did not want
to pinch the same area again. [The Child] was wearing bermudas at that point
in time. After pinching him, I saw that his back of thigh area had multiple
bruising and again, I applied ‘Gamat’ medicated oil to treat that bruise.

20 Ridzuan did not dispute that these incidents occurred, nor did he deny that
these were incidents of ill-treatment. I found that these charges, as admitted
in his statement, amounted to ill-treatment under s 5(2)(a) of the CYPA and I
convicted Ridzuan of charges D2 and D3.

Azlin’s offences in August 2016

21 Azlin followed up Ridzuan’s abuse with two offences in August. Charge C2
read:

That you, AZLIN BINTE ARUJUNAH, … sometime in August 2016, at [xxx],
Singapore, being a person who has care of a child, namely, [the Child] (male,
5 years old), did ill-treat the said child, to wit, by hitting him on his
body, back and legs with a broom, and you have thereby committed an offence
under s 5(1) and punishable under s 5(5)(b) of the Children and Young Persons
Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed).

22 Azlin’s account was that sometime in August 2016, Azlin and Ridzuan
returned to their residence with the other children. The Child had been left
in the house. Azlin saw that there were biscuits on the kitchen floor, and she
asked the Child how they were scattered. Azlin believed that it was the Child
who had toppled the container which held the biscuits, so when the Child
denied doing it and blamed the cat instead, Azlin took a broom from inside the
kitchen and, in her words: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

P207 at para 1.38: AB at p 499.

started hitting [the Child] on his body, his back and both his legs. I hit his
back with the broom as he tried to avoid getting hit. There were marks on his
stomach. I hit him quite hard on his legs and he started limping after that.
After hitting him, I remembered putting medicated oil on his legs as he was
limping. I realised that his knee cap was a little bit misaligned and he felt
pain when I tried to massage his left knee cap.

23 On Azlin’s admission, I found the offence under s 5(1) of the CYPA proven
beyond reasonable doubt and convicted Azlin on C2.

24 Charge C3 read as follows:

That you, AZLIN BINTE ARUJUNAH, … sometime in August 2016, at [xxx],
Singapore, being a person who has care of a child, namely, [the Child[ (male,
5 years old), did ill-treat the said child, to wit, by pushing him on the left
shoulder, causing him to fall sideways, and you have thereby committed an
offence under s 5(1) and punishable under s 5(5)(b) of the Children and Young
Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed).

25 The charge was preferred on the basis of Azlin’s admission that she had
pushed the Child after he had made her angry. She stated: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

P207 at para 1.39: AB at p 500.

[I]n the month of August 2016 sometime in the evening, I was so angry at [the
Child]. I cannot remember why I was so angry at him. We were inside the room
and like I said, I was angry at [the Child] for something that I pushed [the
Child] on his left shoulder using my right hand. [The Child] fell sideways due
to the impact and [the Child’s] left side of the head hit the edge of the
pillar inside the room. After the push, I saw [the Child’s] head bleeding.

26 I was satisfied that Azlin had pushed the Child in the manner described.
This push was sufficiently forceful to cause the Child to fall sideways and to
hit his head, which, beyond doubt, constituted physical abuse. Therefore, I
convicted Azlin of C3.

Alleged incident in end August to early September 2016

27 Charges C4 and D4 alleged that Ridzuan burned the Child’s right palm with a
heated metal spoon sometime between end August and early September 2016, and
that Azlin abetted this offence by instigation. I acquitted Azlin and Ridzuan
of these charges.

28 I deal first with Ridzuan’s charge under s 324 of the Penal Code:

That you, RIDZUAN BIN MEGA ABDUL RAHMAN, … sometime between end August 2016
and early September 2016, at [xxx], Singapore, did voluntarily cause hurt by
means of heated substance to [the Child] (male, 5 years old), to wit, by using
a heated metal spoon to burn the right palm of [the Child], causing a blister
on his palm, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under s 324
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

29 Ridzuan’s defence was that there was no such incident at the end of August
or early September. His cautioned statements (P179 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB at p 254.

and P180 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB at p 259.

) specify two incidents where he used a heated spoon on the Child. These were
in October 2016, and the subject of D5 and D8. The medical evidence was also
inconclusive as to the timing of the burns found on the Child’s right palm
given the scalding from the later incidents. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 40, ln 20–25.

30 The case against Ridzuan (in relation to D4) rested solely on Azlin’s
statement. In my view, Azlin’s statement did not amount to a “confession” for
the purposes of s 285(5) of the CPC and therefore could not be used: see [32]
below. Even putting that aside, I was of the view that it would not, in any
event, be safe to convict Ridzuan on this charge purely on the basis of
Azlin’s statement. There were multiple incidents, and she could easily have
been confused about the timing of each occurrence. More fundamentally, I
considered Ridzuan’s omission to mention an end-August incident to be
exculpatory. This was because his statements had been largely truthful, and
his convictions on the Abuse Charges rested on the inculpatory parts of his
statements. An accused’s statements have to considered in their whole context:
see Chan Kin Choi v Public Prosecutor [1991] 1 SLR(R) 111 at [34]. There was
therefore a reasonable doubt as to whether there had indeed been a heated
metal spoon incident at the end of August and it was unsafe to convict Ridzuan
of this charge.

31 Azlin’s charge (“C4”) was for instigation of the above offence, and read as
follows:

That you, AZLIN BINTE ARUJUNAH, … sometime between end August 2016 and early
September 2016, at [xxx], Singapore, did abet by instigating one Ridzuan Bin
Mega Abdul Rahman to commit an offence of voluntarily causing hurt by means of
heated substance against [the Child] (male, 5 years old), to wit, by using a
heated metal spoon to burn the right palm of [the Child], causing a blister on
his palm, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under s 324
read with s 109 of the Penal code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

32 I acquitted Azlin on this charge for the following reasons. First, what was
alleged to be her instigation was framed in P207 as a request to Ridzuan to
discipline the Child: “… I just could not control [the Child]. I just told
Ridzuan and told Ridzuan to deal with [the Child]”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

P207 at para 1.40: AB at p 500.

There was no “‘active suggestion, support, stimulation or encouragement’ of
the primary offence”: Chan Heng Kong and another v Public Prosecutor [2012]
SGCA 18 at [34]. In this context, Ridzuan’s understanding of what Azlin
intended by her request to “deal with” the Child did not involve the specifics
of a heated spoon. In his statement, he stated: “She knew that I would shout
and hit [the Child] and that was the reason why my wife had asked me to deal
with [the Child]. She thinks that [the Child] would be scared”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

P202 at para 25.1: AB at p 473.

Second, an abettor must intend the person abetted to perform the act abetted,
with knowledge of the circumstances constituting the offence: Balakrishnan S
and another v Public Prosecutor [2005] 4 SLR(R) 249 at [64]. There was no
evidence that she asked Ridzuan to use a heated spoon or even envisaged that
he would do so. This would have been the first time a heated spoon had been
used as a form of abuse. Her statement was ambivalent. At highest, it only
suggested indifference (“When Ridzuan was doing all this, I did not care as I
just wanted him to deal with [the Child]” 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

P207 at para 1.40: AB at p 500.

). The statement, looked at as a whole, could not be said to lead to an
inference that she committed the offence and therefore could not amount to a
confession: see also Anandagoda v R [1962] MLJ 298 at 291, quoted in Public
Prosecutor v Tan Aik Heng [1995] 1 SLR(R) 710 at [26]. Neither could the
cautioned statement in P197, where Azlin “admit[ted] to the mistake [she]
made” in relation to C4. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

P197: AB at p 459.

This admission was consistent with her prior evidence that incidents with a
heated spoon had taken place, but it was not an admission of legal sufficiency
with respect to all the elements of the offence with which she was charged.

First half of October 2016

33 In October, there was an escalation of violence. Ridzuan was charged for
causing hurt to the Child using a heated metal spoon. D5 read:

That you, RIDZUAN BIN MEGA ABDUL RAHMAN, … sometime in early October 2016, at
[xxx], Singapore, did voluntarily cause hurt by means of heated substance to
[the Child] (male, 5 years old), to wit, by using a heated metal spoon to burn
the right palm of [the Child], causing a blister on his palm, and you have
thereby committed an offence punishable under s 324 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed).

34 Ridzuan admitted to this incident in his statements: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

P201 at para 58: AB at p 320.

Yes, I had used a heated spoon to discipline [the Child]. The first occasion
was early October, where [the Child] had stolen some milk powder, and I had
gotten angry. I then went to the kitchen, took a metal spoon, heated the spoon
over the fire on the stove, and using that heated spoon to burn [the Child’s]
right inner palm once. After I removed the spoon, I saw that there was a
blister the shape of the metal spoon.

The hurt was inflicted voluntarily, using the heated spoon as a heated
substance. No defence was raised. The charge under s 324 of the Penal Code was
made out, and I convicted Ridzuan of D5 accordingly.

35 Ridzuan also admitted that he flicked ashes from a lit cigarette onto the
Child’s arm as a threat, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

P201 at para 60: AB, at p 321; P183: AB at p 274.

and that he had used the hanger to hit the Child on his palms. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

P200 at paras 33–34: AB at p 313

The two acts, taken together, were sufficient to constitute ill-treatment
under s 5(1) of the CYPA. I convicted Ridzuan of D6, which read:

That you, RIDZUAN BIN MEGA ABDUL RAHMAN, … sometime in October 2016, at [xxx],
Singapore, being a person who has care of a child, namely, the Child (male, 5
years old), did ill-treat the said child, to wit, by flicking ashes from a
lighted cigarette on [the Child’s] arm and using a hanger to hit him on the
palm, and you have thereby committed an offence under s 5(1) and punishable
under s 5(5)(b) of the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed).

After 15 October 2016

36 Three of the Abuse Charges took place at around the time when the scalding
incidents, which grounded the Murder Charges, started. The first, involving
injury with a heated spoon, was in the same period as the second scaling
incident, which was between 17 and 19 October 2016.

37 Charge D8 read as follows:

That you, RIDZUAN BIN MEGA ABDUL RAHMAN, … – sometime between 18 October 2016
to 19 October 2016, at [xxx], Singapore, did voluntarily cause hurt by means
of heated substance to [the Child] (male, 5 years old), to wit, by using a
heated metal spoon to burn the palm of [the Child], causing a blister on his
palm, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under s 324 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

38 Ridzuan admitted to this incident in his statements: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

P201 at para 59: AB at p 320.

On 18 or 19 October 2016, [the Child] was watching a children’s show where the
characters ate milk powder and [the Child] also had the urge to do so. As
such, he stole milk powder to eat. When I found out, I took another metal
spoon, heated the spoon over the fire on the stove, and used that heated spoon
to burn [the Child’s] right inner palm once, at the same spot where I had used
a heated spoon to burn him earlier in October 2016.

Ridzuan clearly had voluntarily caused hurt to the Child using the heated
substance. I therefore convicted Ridzuan of D8.

39 Next followed injuries to the Child’s head. This was also identified by
Ridzuan to have occurred around the time of the second scalding incident,
sometime around 18–19 October 2016. The Prosecution alleged that Azlin pushed
the Child’s head against a wall, and thereafter Ridzuan punched the Child on
the face, causing a laceration and comminuted fractures of his nasal bone, and
that these acts were done in furtherance of the common intention of them both.
As C5 and D7 mirrored each other, I set out D7 for reference:

That you, RIDZUAN BIN MEGA ABDUL RAHMAN, … sometime in October 2016, at [xxx],
Singapore, together with Azlin Binte Arujunah, being persons who have care of
a child, namely, [the Child] (male, 5 years old), did ill-treat the said
child, in the furtherance of the common intention of you both, to wit, by
pushing his head against the wall and punching him on his face, causing a
laceration on his head and comminuted fractures of his nasal bone, and you
have thereby committed an offence under s 5(1) and punishable under s 5(5)(b)
of the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) read with s 34 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

40 The Prosecution’s primary source of evidence for this incident is Ridzuan’s
account, as follows: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

P200 at paras 41–42: AB at p 315.

I remembered it was about 4 to 5 plus p.m., when both of us got angry at [the
Child] as he refused to answer my wife when he was asked something. My wife
had also used some hot water to threaten [the Child] and told him to speak.
However, [the Child] refused to. My wife did not splash the hot water at him
as he was near the internet cable. After that, my wife put the hot water aside
and pushed [the Child]. As a result of the push, [the Child’s] head hit the
wall and some blood flowed from his head. My wife will usually push [the
Child] around when she gets angry. I was also angry at that time as [the
Child] refuses [sic] to answer a simple question. I then clenched my fist and
punched [the Child] on his nose area. I remembered that it was a very hard
punch. After I punched him using my right fist, [the Child’s] nose started to
bleed profusely.

41 Azlin contended in her statement P208 recorded on 29 October 2016 that this
incident did not occur in October 2016, and that the only time she had pushed
the Child and caused him to hit his head was in August 2016 (see [24]–[26]
above). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

P208 at para 5.1: AB at p 508.

She also elaborated, implying she was not present at the time of the offence:

6.1 I cannot remember when but I saw that [the Child] was having two missing
front teeth [sic ] and that his nose was flat. I asked Ridzuan what happened
and he told me that he punched [the Child] on his nose.

42 Azlin did however admit to pushing the Child against the wall in October in
her cautioned statement P196 recorded on 27 April 2018: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

P196: AB at p 454.

I regret what I have done. I promise I won’t do it again.

43 I had to consider which version of events to accept, and whether Azlin
could be convicted on the basis of Ridzuan’s statement. Section 258(5) of the
CPC permitted such use of Ridzuan’s statement as Azlin and Ridzuan were
charged for the same incident under s 34 of the Penal Code and were tried
jointly for the same offence, and Ridzuan’s statement amounted to a
confession.

44 I preferred Ridzuan’s version of events over Azlin’s. Azlin’s answers in
P208 appeared to indicate that she was not aware of when the October head
injury incident happened. However, it was clear that the injuries arising from
that incident were serious ones. Dr Chan had observed lacerations on the upper
lip, comminuted fractures of the nasal bone, and fractures of the alveolar
process of the maxilla. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

P169: AB at p 54.

Azlin herself noted that the Child’s nose was flat and he was missing two
front teeth. In the light of such obvious injury, her assertion, “I cannot
remember when”, could not be believed, especially given her ability to
remember when the other incidents occurred, and appeared to be an attempt to
distance herself from a serious incident. This would be consistent with her
change of mind in April 2018 when she admitted to pushing the Child’s head
against the wall in October. Coming to Ridzuan’s statement in this context, as
mentioned at [30] above, Ridzuan’s account in his statements appeared to be
largely truthful. He was clear, from the outset, that he was responsible for
the various acts of abuse that he was charged with, and cooperated with
investigations from the first approach of the police. His account of the
incident in his statement was consistent with Dr Chan’s medical evidence.
Ridzuan also had no motive to falsely implicate Azlin; no such motives were
alleged or proved (see Norasharee bin Gous v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 820 at [59], citing Khoo Kwoon Hain v
Public Prosecutor [1995] 2 SLR(R) 591). I therefore accepted as proven beyond
reasonable doubt that Azlin had pushed the Child, causing him to hit his head
against the wall, and that Ridzuan had punched the Child on the face. The
physical injuries thus caused amounted to ill-treatment under s 5(1) of the
CYPA. I noted, however, as counsel for Azlin pointed out, the words “pushing
his head against the wall” in the charge suggested that Azlin had pushed the
Child’s head against the wall, rather than simply having pushed the Child
causing him to hit his head. I agreed that the charges conveyed a false
impression and amended the charges C5 and D7 accordingly to read “by pushing
him, causing his head to hit the wall” instead of “pushing his head against
the wall”. The amended charges (marked C5A and D7A respectively) were read to
the accused persons on 19 June 2020. Defence counsel confirmed that no further
evidence was required. Azlin claimed trial to the charge while Ridzuan pleaded
guilty.

45 I turn to the issue of common intention. Azlin and Ridzuan were present at
the same time and disciplined the Child together. The common intention could
be inferred from the following:

(a) This act occurred in the context of an escalation in acts of violence
against the Child. Both had used physical force against the Child by 15
October 2016. They were both present at the scene at this incident, and
clearly acting in concert towards a common objective.

(b) Regarding Azlin’s push which started the incident, Ridzuan’s statement
revealed that he knew Azlin was likely to push the Child. He was angry as well
and wanted an answer to the question. He not only acquiesced in Azlin’s act
while participating in disciplining the Child, but then escalated it further
by punching the Child.

(c) Ridzuan’s punch was in furtherance of their common intention. Azlin
acquiescence supported this inference. There is no evidence that she tried to
distance herself or to stop Ridzuan while the discipline was on-going. The
inference is buttressed by the fact that Ridzuan’s act was directed at the
same goal that Azlin had, namely to get the Child to answer the question.

46 Therefore, I found the elements of s 5(1) of the CYPA read with s 34 of the
Penal Code satisfied. I convicted Azlin and Ridzuan of C5A and D7A (as
amended), respectively.

47 The final Abuse Charge took place between 21 and 22 October 2016, the
period in which the third and fourth scalding incidents took place. Azlin and
Ridzuan put the Child in a cat cage. Charges C6 and D9 mirrored each other. I
set out D9 here for reference:

That you, RIDZUAN BIN MEGA ABDUL RAHMAN, … sometime between 21 October 2016
and 22 October 2016, at [xxx], Singapore, together with Azlin Binte Arujunah,
being persons who have the care of a child, namely, [the Child] (male, 5 years
old), did ill-treat the said child, in the furtherance of the common intention
of you both, to wit, by confining the said child in a cage, and you have
thereby committed an offence under s 5(1) and punishable under s 5(5)(b) of
the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev Ed) read with s 34 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

48 Azlin and Ridzuan explained in their statements that they kept the Child
locked in the cage so that he would not get into any more trouble and so they
would not have to cause any more hurt to the Child. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

P201 at para 74: AB at p 325.

Azlin admitted that “at the rate [they had been] hitting him, [they] were
scared something bad was going to happen”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

P208 at para 16.1: AB at p 512.

The Child readily complied with their request. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

P207 at para 1.48: AB at p 502.

He was locked in the cat cage, which was secured with a leash or twine, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

P200 at para 43: AB at p 315; P207 at para 1.48: AB at p 502.

and he was let out to be fed. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

P207 at para 1.48: AB at p 502.

The Child was in the cage from around 7pm to around 10pm on 21 October 2016,
and from around 4am to 12pm on 22 October 2016. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

P201 at para 74: AB at p 325.

By this time, the Child was in a sickly state. Azlin knew that the Child was
having a fever. While he was inside the cage, the Child complained that he was
cold. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

P207 at para 1.49: AB at p 502.

Azlin noted in her statements that she saw the skin peeling off the Child’s
face, hands, back, thighs, and the back of his legs. The colour of his skin
was red and white, and she could see “whitish flesh”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

P207 at para 1.46: AB at p 502.

Ridzuan admitted that he saw blood stains in the cat cage. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

P201 at para 63: AB at p 322.

49 The cat cage measured 0.91m (L) x 0.58m (W) x 0.70m (H). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

P53: AB at p 140.

The Child was 1.05m in height at the material time. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

P169: AB at p 51.

The cat cage was not large enough for the Child to stand or lie stretched out,
except maybe diagonally. Dr Chan was given the opportunity to inspect the cage
and she commented that it was possible that the lacerations on the Child’s
face and scalp “might have been a result of being confined in a cage.” She had
observed that the cage had a few areas where the ends of the metal bars were
sharper, running along the cage and not protruding out. Injury could result if
someone confined inside moved around. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 42, ln 1–7.

Given Ridzuan’s admission that there were blood stains in the cat cage, the
size of the cage, and Dr Chan’s observations, I found that it was beyond
reasonable doubt that the Child would have suffered emotional injury,
unnecessary physical suffering, and injury to his health, all relevant forms
of injury under s 5(2)(b) of the CYPA. Their joint and agreed action
constituted ill treatment under s 5(1) of the CYPA. I convicted Azlin and
Ridzuan of C6 and D9 respectively.

Conclusion on the Abuse Charges

50 The various convictions on the Abuse Charges shed light on the suffering of
the Child in the lead up and during the time of the Murder Charges. In
summary, Ridzuan first applied pliers to the Child twice in July. This was
followed in August by Azlin hitting the Child with a broomstick so hard that
he was limping thereafter. Later in August, she pushed him so hard that he
fell, hitting his head on the edge of a pillar; this injury resulted in his
bleeding from the head. In October, there was an escalation of abuse, with
Ridzuan using a heated spoon on the Child’s palm, flicking ash from a lit
cigarette, and hitting him with a hanger. After 15 October, Ridzuan again
injured him with a heated spoon. In the same period of time that the scalding
events were taking place, Azlin and Ridzuan acted in concert to cause the
Child further injury. In one incident, the Child was punched so hard his nasal
bone was fractured. Towards the end of the period, he was put into a cat cage,
where he suffered further injury. These offences set important context for the
Murder Charges, to which I now turn.

The Murder Charges

51 Azlin’s Murder Charge read as follows (Ridzuan’s was substantially
similar):

That you, AZLIN BINTE ARUJUNAH, between 15 October 2016 to 22 October 2016
(both dates inclusive), at [xxx], Singapore, together with Ridzuan Bin Mega
Abdul Rahman and in furtherance of the common intention of you both, did
commit murder by causing the death of [the Child] (male, 5 years old), to wit,
by intentionally inflicting severe scald injuries on him, which injuries are
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death, and you have
thereby committed an offence under s 300(c) read with s 34, and punishable
under s 302(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

52 The Murder Charges were framed under s 300(c) of the Penal Code, which
provides:

300\. Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder —

...

(c) if it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person,
and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death; …

53 Culpable homicide is defined under s 299 of the Penal Code:

299. Whoever causes death by doing an act with the intention of causing death, or with the intention of causing such bodily injury as is likely to cause death, or with the knowledge that he is likely by such act to cause death, commits the offence of culpable homicide. 

54 The Murder Charges also rely on s 34 of the Penal Code, which provides:

When a criminal act is done by several persons, in furtherance of the common
intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the same
manner as if the act were done by him alone.

Summary of issues and decision for the Murder Charges

55 In order to prove the Murder Charges under s 300(c) of the Penal Code, the
Prosecution had to prove the following elements: (a) that death has been
caused by the acts of the accused; (b) that the bodily injury inflicted is in
the ordinary nature sufficient to cause death; and (c) that the act resulting
in bodily injury was done with the intention of causing that bodily injury to
the accused: Wang Wenfeng v Public Prosecutor [2012] 4 SLR 590 (“Wang
Wenfeng”) at [32]. Where an accused is charged under s 300(c) of the Penal
Code, element (b) is objectively determined, while element (c) is subjective:
see Kho Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 634 (“Kho Jabing”) at [22],
quoting from Virsa Singh v State of Punjab AIR 1958 SC 465 (“Virsa Singh”).

56 Where two accused persons are both charged under s 34 of the Penal Code, as
in the present case, the Prosecution must establish the following three
elements for each of them: first, the criminal act element, second, the common
intention element, and third, the participation element: Daniel Vijay s/o
Katherasan and others v Public Prosecutor [2010] 4 SLR 1119 (“Daniel Vijay”)
at [91].

57 A key dispute was the manner in which the three elements of Wang Wenfeng
apply where the mechanism of s 34 of the Penal Code is used. In my view,
Daniel Vijay requires that where an accused is charged under s 300(c) read
with s 34 of the Penal Code, the following three elements would be required
for each accused: (a) death has been caused by the criminal act in which both
accused participated; (b) the bodily injury so caused is in the ordinary
nature sufficient to cause death; and (c) both have the common intention to
cause “s 300(c) injury” as defined in Daniel Vijay at [49].

58 Regarding these elements, neither accused person challenged the
participation element. Their participation was detailed in their statements,
which were admitted. The criminal act element was also not disputed, save for
its legal effect. The Prosecution particularised the “criminal act” as “the
collective acts of scalding by both accused persons over four incidents within
the week that resulted in the [Child]’s Severe Scald Injury [referred to in
these grounds as “the Cumulative Scald Injury”] and eventual death.” 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions at para 64.

The use of several incidents forming the actus reus of the offence was also
not disputed. What the sufficient common intention for these s 300(c) charges
was and whether such common intention could be inferred from the facts were
the primary issues in dispute. It was argued that neither Azlin nor Ridzuan
intended the Cumulative Scald Injury nor did they share the common intention
to cause the Cumulative Scald Injury. The defence also countered that the
Cumulative Scald Injury was not, as required under s 300(c) of the Penal Code,
the cause of death nor, in the ordinary cause of nature, sufficient to cause
death. Lastly, Azlin and Ridzuan argued Exception 7 was applicable, and they
were therefore in any event only to be held liable under s 299 of the Penal
Code.

59 The issues in dispute, therefore, may be analysed in the following order:

(a) whether the Cumulative Scald Injury was the cause of death, and whether it
was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death;

(b) whether Azlin and Ridzuan possessed the common intention necessary for the
Murder Charges;

(c) if (b) was satisfied, whether either Azlin or Ridzuan could rely on
Exception 7of the Penal Code; and

(d) if (b) was not satisfied, whether the charges should be amended.

60 I answered (a) in the positive, but held (b) was not satisfied. I
considered the issues raised for (c) nevertheless. In the light of (d), the
Murder Charges were amended to charges under s 326 of the Penal Code premised
on four incidents.

Cause of death

Factual basis

61 I explain, first, the four incidents which form the factual basis for the
Murder Charges. The roles played by Azlin and Ridzuan were largely not
disputed and were detailed by both in their statements.

(1) Incident 1

62 Incident 1 occurred sometime between 15 and 17 October 2016. Azlin
suspected that the Child had taken milk powder and grabbed the Child by his
right ankle. While still holding onto him, Azlin then filled a glass mug to
around one-quarter full with hot water from the water dispenser and poured
that water onto his right leg. Azlin then re-filled the glass to one-quarter
full and poured the water again. She did this two or three times, before
letting the Child go. When Azlin questioned the Child again about the milk
powder, the Child denied his involvement and Azlin refilled the mug with hot
water and poured hot water on the Child’s hand four to five times. When the
Child got free of her grip, she refilled the mug and splashed it over his left
arm, and some also splashed onto his chest. She stopped when Ridzuan woke up
and shouted for them to keep quiet. After the incident, Azlin saw that the
Child was limping and that skin was peeling from his hands, arms and chest.
She then went to a provision shop to buy some cream for the Child’s skin. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

P207 at para 1.43: AB at p 501.

She thought the Child was already walking normally the next day. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

P209 at para 25.1: AB at p 517.

Ridzuan, on the other hand, did not appear to observe any peeling skin,
commenting that the Child’s skin was “reddish”, and that the Child was able to
“walk normally and run and play with his brother.” 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

P202 at paras 32.1–32.2: AB at p 477.

(2) Incident 2

63 Sometime between 17 and 19 October 2016, Azlin splashed the Child’s body
with hot water. In response, the Child shouted, “Kau gila ke apa” (translated,
“Are you crazy or what?”). Azlin became angry and re-filled the glass mug with
hot water and splashed the Child on his face. She then re-filled the glass mug
and splashed the Child again, doing this for five to seven times, on his face,
body, arms, and legs. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

P207 at para 1.46: AB at p 502.

Ridzuan also participated in this incident. When he heard the Child call Azlin
“crazy”, Ridzuan picked up a green mug and splashed hot water at the Child.
The hot water landed on the Child’s face and body. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

P202 at paras 26.1 – 26.2: AB at p 473.

On Ridzuan’s account, splashing was repeated after the Child bathed, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

P200 at para 38: AB at p 314.

but Azlin’s account did not include this. According to Azlin, at some point,
Ridzuan apparently told Azlin “to stop and cool down”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

P207 at para 1.46: AB at p 502.

64 After Incident 2, both Azlin and Ridzuan noticed significant injuries.
Ridzuan described the Child’s condition as follows: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

P202 at paras 26.3–26.4: AB at p 473.

I remembered that after the incident, it was quite bad. [The Child’s] natural
skin colour is dark but after this incident, a part of [the Child’s] face was
white in colour. It was as if he was suffering from skin disease. There were
white patches on his face and chin. There was also white patches on his
stomach and body. I do not remember whether there was [sic] any patches on his
leg but I remember that there was white patches of skin on his left shoulder.
This was the first time that the skin colour of [the Child] changed. It was
due to this incident.

I remembered that there was pus oozing out of his forehead due to the
splashing of hot water from this incident. There was also pus oozing out from
his back and left shoulder. This was what I observed the next day after this
incident.

65 Azlin shared similar observations: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

P207 at para 1.46: AB at p 502.

I knew that [the Child] was weak from this incident. After what happened, he
was asking his brother for help to take things and also eat. He was not able
to move like usual but was able to sit down. I could see he was weak. I could
see skin peeling off from his back, face, hands and thighs all the way down to
his legs. The skin colour was already red and white. I could already see the
whitish flesh.

(3) Incident 3

66 On 21 October 2016 at around 9pm, Azlin became angry at the Child again
when he kept asking her for drinks and other things. Azlin reacted by chasing
the Child with a glass mug filled with hot water, splashing the Child. She
splashed water at the Child around nine to ten times, but not all of it hit
the Child. Azlin then went to sleep. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

P207 at para 1.50: AB at p 503.

Ridzuan was not involved.

(4) Incident 4

67 Incident 4 occurred on 22 October 2016. Azlin “told [the Child] to bath […]
but when he came to the kitchen, he did not remove his shorts.” Azlin then
woke Ridzuan up and informed him about the issue. She then started bathing her
two daughters. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

P207 at para 1.51: AB at p 503.

Ridzuan asked the Child to remove his shorts again. When the Child refused, he
took a broom and used the handle to beat the Child two or three times on his
legs. Both Azlin and Ridzuan continued to ask the Child to remove his shorts.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

P200 at para 8: AB at p 307.

Frustrated, Ridzuan then went to fill half a glass mug of hot water from the
dispenser and threw the hot water on the floor beside the Child as a warning.
Some of the water reached the Child’s leg. The scolding escalated and Ridzuan
went to refill the mug with hot water and splashed the Child on the left side
of his body. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

P200 at para 9: AB at p 307.

When the Child refused to remove his shorts, Ridzuan went to refill half the
mug with hot water and poured the hot water on the Child’s back. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

P200 at para 10: AB at p 307.

Ridzuan went to refill the mug a fourth time and splashed the hot water on one
or both of the Child’s calves. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

P200 at para 11: AB at pp 307–308.

The Prosecution took the view that Azlin was present throughout the incident.
Azlin on the other hand took the stance that she was busy with her daughters.
While I accepted that Azlin was not beside Ridzuan at every moment, her
statement made clear, nonetheless, that she saw and acquiesced with Ridzuan’s
actions, including his splashing the Child with hot water. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

P207 at para 1.52: AB at p 503.

The Child finally fell and lay on his side, at which point Ridzuan called for
Azlin. Ridzuan then rinsed the Child with cold water. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

P207 at para 1.52: AB at p 503; P200 at paras 12–13: AB at p 308.

Scalding resulting from the splashing incidents

68 Analysis of water from the hot water dispenser used in the commission of
the offence, conducted by the Health Sciences Authority, demonstrated the
temperature of the water used. The temperature of water from the same hot
water dispenser, when connected to a constant source of power, showed an
average temperature of the water was 92.6℃, with a high of 98.7℃ and a low of
86.5℃. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

P206 at para 6: AB at p 333C; P163 at para 14: AB at p 84.

Further, experiments were conducted in order to ascertain the temperature of
water after some time in a glass mug and a green plastic mug, the receptacles
used in the splashing. When hot water was dispensed from the hot water
dispenser into the glass mug (either to the brim or half-full) which was
similar to the one used in some of the incidents above, the temperature of the
water dispensed ranged from 90.2℃ at highest and 72.1℃ at lowest; 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

P163 at para 16: AB at p 85.

and when hot water was dispensed into the green mug (either to the brim or
half-full) which was used in the incidents above, the temperature of the water
dispensed ranged from 90.5℃ at highest, and 72.5℃ at lowest. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

P163 at para 17: AB at p 86.

69 The temperature of the water that came into contact with the Child would
therefore have been at least 70℃, since the span of time from filling the
glass or green mug to the time of splashing was not significant in any of the
incidents. The temperature of 70℃ is significant because the undisputed
medical evidence was that substances with temperatures above 70℃ would cause
mid to deep dermal burns, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 16 ln 28 – p 17 ln 1.

even where the duration of contact is minimal, as in splashing. It was not
disputed that the temperature of the water was sufficient to, and did, cause
the burns found on the Child.

Medical evidence on cause of death

70 The medical evidence on the cause of the Child’s death was adduced through
three experts: Dr Chan Shijia (“Dr Chan”), who performed the autopsy on 24
October 2016; Associate Professor Loh Tsee Foong (“Assoc Prof Loh”), a senior
consultant who was a member of the team who first gave the Child emergency
treatment on 22 October 2016; and Dr Gavin Kang Chun-Wui (“Dr Kang”), the burn
specialist who performed debridement to clean the Child’s wounds later that
evening.

71 Dr Chan’s autopsy report concluded that the substantive cause of death was
the “severe scald injury”, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB at p 59.

referring to “all the scald injuries on the body in totality”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 37, ln 21.

Dr Loh’s and Dr Kang’s testimonies corroborated each other and Dr Chan’s
evidence. In particular, the following was agreed among the experts:

(a) the Cumulative Scald Injury was the cause of death and it was this
totality of injury that was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to
cause death; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 38, ln 9–32.

(b) arising from the nature of burn injuries, it was not possible to tell
whether all the burn injuries were sustained on one occasion or over various
occasions; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 21, ln 4–9.

(c) it was not possible to correlate the burn injuries with specific
incidents; 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 61, ln 22–28 (Dr Chan); NE 12 November 2019 at p 154,
ln 22–27 (Prof Loh); NE 15 November 2019 at pp 16, 36–37 (Dr Kang).

and

(d) it was not possible to tell which injuries caused by individual incidents
were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 72, ln 3–8.

72 How the burns led to the Child’s death may be explained as follows. The
extent of the Child’s total body surface area (“TBSA”) covered by burns was
estimated by Dr Kang at 67% and by Dr Chan at 75% after debridement, which
consisted of mid and deep dermal burns. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

P166: AB at p 117 (Dr Kang); P169: AB at p 61 para 13 (Dr Chan).

Because skin is crucial to maintain hydration and body temperature, and to
protect the body from infection, the burns were “very extensive and life-
threatening”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

P166 at para (d): AB at p 119.

The Child was hypothermic on admission, leading to a low haemoglobin level as
the lower temperature prevented clotting. The fluid loss due to the burns led
to a lower volume of circulating blood, which induced a “shock state” in which
the circulating blood was insufficient to bring oxygen and nutrients to parts
of the body and to remove waste. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 44, ln 16–24.

This led to compensation with an increased heart rate, but when this response
was inadequate, the blood pressure began to fall in decompensation. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 45, ln 2 – 3

The burns also resulted in an intense inflammatory response, resulting in
water leaking from the blood vessels into the soft tissue (referred to by Dr
Chan as “third spacing”), resulting in fluid in the chest cavity, shown in
scans taken at KK Hospital and later during the autopsy. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 24, ln 9.

Acute lung injury, as the lungs became flooded with fluids and secretions,
resulted in “Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome” (“ARDS”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 62, ln 4–10.

With insufficient circulation of blood, “a shock state”, followed, and
thereafter acute kidney injury. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 61, ln 19–32.

These complications led to multi-organ failure and the Child’s death.

The Defence’s arguments on the cause of death

73 Defence counsel argued that the court should take into account the “multi-
factorial causes for the Child’s demise,” 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Azlin’s Written Submissions at para 173.

including the loss of blood from the “blunt force craniofacial trauma,” 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See P169 at p 10, “Cause of Death”: AB at p 59.

the Child’s underlying condition of iron deficiency and anaemia, his
subsisting condition of pneumonia, and the “extensive medical intervention”
conducted.

74 Dr Chan’s evidence was clear that the operative and proximate cause of
death was the Cumulative Scald Injury. First, “blunt force craniofacial
trauma” was listed by Dr Chan as a secondary cause of death, but her firm
conclusion, both in her report and at trial, was that the cause of death was
the Cumulative Scald Injury. The uncontroverted expert evidence was that in
the absence of that trauma, the Child would have died from the Cumulative
Scald Injury. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

In relation to the blunt force trauma: NE 13 November 2019 at p 49, ln 28–29.

Second, in relation to the argument about “extensive medical intervention”,
this medical intervention was required because of the Cumulative Scald Injury
itself and did not break the chain of causation.

75 Third, in relation to the Child’s pre-existing condition of anaemia, Assoc
Prof Loh testified that this had little relevance to the Child’s eventual
death, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 160, ln 22–27.

and Dr Chan testified that there was nothing to suggest that the Child’s prior
anaemic condition would have been severe. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 51, ln 11–13 and p 52, ln 10–16.

76 This position, in my view, was not shaken in cross-examination of the
Prosecution’s various expert witnesses. In particular, the Defence sought to
argue evidence that the Child was suffering from pneumonia and that
contributed to his death. It was pointed out that a week before the Child’s
admission to hospital, sometime between 19 to 20 October 2016, the Child was
observed by Ridzuan to have a “chesty and phlegmy cough” 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

P201 at para 71: AB at p 324.

and that blood cultures taken after the Child’s death were reported “to be
positive for streptococcus pneumonia, pseudomonas aeruginosa and
staphylococcus aureus” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AB at p 113.

. Dr Chan was asked, based on “these symptoms, X-ray, [her] histological
report, chesty cough”, whether it was probable that the Child suffered from
pneumonia. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 69, ln 5–6.

In response, Dr Chan agreed that it was probable. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 69, ln 7–9.

This response, however, was to an abstract question about whether those
identified factors would point towards pneumonia. Taking these factors out of
their context, given the burns suffered, was not appropriate. As Dr Chan
herself stated subsequently in re-examination that any pneumonia was “more
likely than not part of the multi-organ failure and the infection that
followed the burns”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 75, ln 3–11.

77 Reliance was also placed by defence counsel on Assoc Prof Loh’s concession
that the Child “might” have had pneumonia based on the “X-ray alone” 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 140, ln 22–23.

and that the Child’s symptoms reported by Ridzuan were consistent with
pneumonia. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 145, ln 17–19.

This submission used Assoc Prof Loh’s testimony out of context. Assoc Prof Loh
maintained that there was insufficient evidence of pneumonia at the time of
the Child’s admission. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 94, ln 1–2. See also NE 12 November 2019 at p 103, ln
4–5.

Further, he noted that the presence of three types of bacteria in the Child’s
blood culture meant that it was more likely that the bacteria had entered
through the wounds in the skin. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 104, ln 5–17.

It was unlikely for there to have been “three concomitant organism[s]” in
“community-acquired pneumonia”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 156, ln 13–22.

Other conditions were important in diagnosis, such as the Child’s state of
shock, the metabolic acidosis, the kidney injury and the subsequent ARDS. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 157, ln 13–22.

The chesty cough could have been due to these other conditions. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 158, ln 4–7.

Based on an assessment of all these factors, Assoc Prof Loh concluded that it
was “unlikely for the pneumonia to be pre-existing” but “more likely that the
pneumonia [was] a consequence of the existing pathology”, in that the burns
resulted in blood poisoning, which carried the bacteria into the lungs. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 105, ln 23–30.

The bacteria present in the lungs, and its effect, was a result of the
successive burn injuries.

78 Therefore, there was no evidence to support the Defence’s hypothesis that
the Child’s death was due to the pre-existing condition of pneumonia, and that
the Cumulative Scald Injury would not have resulted in death when objectively
assessed in relation to a five-year-old boy without the pre-existing
condition. The infection and pneumonia were a result of the burns associated
with the scald injuries. There was no doubt that the Child died from the
Cumulative Scald Injury.

Sufficient in ordinary course of nature to cause death

79 Ridzuan also disputed that the Cumulative Scald Injury was sufficient in
the ordinary course of nature to cause death. The following principles govern
the inquiry:

(a) The assessment is an objective one, in that it does not matter if the
accused does not know or intend that the injury be sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death: Wan Wenfeng ([55] supra) at [33].

(b) “Sufficient” means that there must be a “high probability of death in the
ordinary course of nature”: Wan Wenfeng at [33] citing Rajwant Singh v State
of Kerala AIR 1966 SC 1874 at 1879).

(c) The assessment is to be conducted with regard to “the victim’s apparent
age and build”: Ike Mohamed Yasin bin Hussin v Public Prosecutor [1974-1976]
SLR(R) 596 at [9].

80 Mr Thuraisingham made two broad submissions. First, he argued that the
expert witnesses misunderstood the threshold and only concluded that there was
a possibility of death. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Ridzuan’s Written Submissions at para 47.

81 This argument was misplaced. The submission that Dr Chan was speaking
merely in terms of possibility was premised on her use of the “can” in re-
examination: “I think this was explained at the start when I explained how
scald burn injuries can result in death” [emphasis added]. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 75, ln 29–30.

This was a misrepresentation of the totality of Dr Chan’s evidence, which was,
in response to cross-examination, that “there’s a certain percentage whereby
there’s a high mortality rate”. She was clear that the requisite percentage
was met in the circumstances of the case. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 66, ln 20–21.

82 Dr Kang’s evidence also supported the conclusion that the Cumulative Scald
Injury was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. He
found that the injuries were “very extensive”, being more than 40–50% of the
TBSA of the Child. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 14, ln 10–14.

For a five-year-old boy, this would have resulted in a “proportionally worse
outcome”, being a higher risk of death, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 14, ln 20–21.

than for an older person, as a child’s skin is thinner and reserves are
smaller. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 14, ln 16–21.

The deterioration of the Child’s condition showed that in the absence of
medical care, the Cumulative Scald Injury had led him to become “critically
ill”, since such burns would usually have required “immediate resuscitation
with intravascular fluids”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 15, ln 25–26.

Dr Kang was able to conclude: “Without adequate and immediate fluid
resuscitation, the child would decompensate and go into systemic inflammation
and even multi-organ dysfunction”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 15, ln 30–31 to p 16, ln 1–2.

The legal test requires that the court consider whether death was “highly
probable” in the absence of medical intervention. It is worth noting that the
legal test does not prescribe a particular percentage risk, but requires the
court to make an assessment based on the expert evidence available. In my
view, this was satisfied on the evidence presented.

83 Second, Mr Thuraisingam argued that the evidence was not sufficient to show
a high probability of death, submitting that there was a chance that the Child
could have lived. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Ridzuan’s Written Submissions at para 46.

Dr Chan’s report (P173) stated: “While the scald injuries on the [D]eceased
may not definitely cause death, they were sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death.” 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AB at p 66.

Dr Chan clarified in court that she meant that some patients might survive the
burns, but that the Cumulative Scald Injury alone would have been sufficient
to cause death. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 39, ln 15–21.

During re-examination, she emphasised that, regardless of whether the burns
appeared on an average person or a five-year-old boy, they would have been
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 75, ln 25–27.

In this case, the Cumulative Scald Injury was so severe as to have resulted in
multi-organ failure, low blood pressure, and third spacing (see [72] above).
The means by which the Cumulative Scald Injury led to death was confirmed by
Assoc Prof Loh’s evidence.

84 The doctors were cross-examined extensively on the risk of death associated
with scalding. Assoc Prof Loh was of the view that the risk of death would be
high, around 50–60%, for any burns above 50% of the TBSA, whether partial or
full thickness or a combination thereof, but this did not preclude a lower
surface area being fatal or life-threatening. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 137 at ln 16-18.

Dr Chan’s evidence was that there was literature that suggested that burns
covering anything more than 20% to 40% of the TBSA would be severe regardless
of thickness of the burns. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 65, ln 13 to 24.

85 Mr Thuraisingam pointed to Assoc Prof Loh’s testimony that there have been
survivors of “80% burns”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 137, ln 20–21.

The parts of Assoc Prof Loh’s testimony that Mr Thuraisingam quoted must be
viewed in context. The exchange was as follows: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 137, ln 16–26.

A Well, I mean the---let---let me qualify by saying---I mean there isn’t a
direct co-relationship to say that or as far as I know if you have like 50%
burns, you would definitely die.

Q Yes.

A You are talking about percentages.

Q Yes.

A So if you have major burns, anything above 50%, whether partial or full
thickness or combination thereof, your risk of death becomes very high. So
then we---we will say like maybe you have 50, 60% chance of dying. Yah.

Q So, okay.

A So---so we---I wouldn’t want to use and I---I also want to say we also have
survivors of 80% burns.

Q Yes.

A Yah. So we are not going to tell the family like “Your child has 80% burns,
there’s no point carrying on. We just let the child die.”

[emphasis added]

86 In this exchange, Assoc Prof Loh’s comment on the possibility of surviving
80% burns was concerned with how the extent of the burns informed the issue of
what the patient’s family was to be advised concerning how medical treatment
should proceed. It is the role of doctors to attempt life-saving medical
treatment after all, and surely, life and death could not, in that context, be
a matter to be resolved by statistics. His comments do not detract from the
weight of the evidence on the likely outcome of such severe burn injuries. The
legal test is not injury that leads inevitably to death, but rather, injury
that was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. In my
judgment, the evidence established, beyond doubt, that the Cumulative Scald
Injury was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

Conclusion on medical evidence

87 It is useful, at this juncture, to sum up the medical evidence. Three
points were accepted by all three doctors. First, the extent of the injuries
suffered as a result of each of the four incidents could not be established.
Only the resulting Cumulative Scald Injury could be analysed. Second, the
contributory effect of each of these incidents to the Child’s death was also
not ascertainable. Third, it was the Cumulative Scald Injury, caused over the
four incidents, which was sufficient in the ordinary cause of nature to cause
death. This was the reason that the “act” which was asserted to be culpable
homicide in legal terms was a series of acts over the four incidents. Section
33 of the Penal Code as it stood at the time of the offences provided that an
“act” included “a series of acts”. While the current s 33(2) of the Penal
Code, which provides specifically for causation when it is not known which
particular act caused the effect, was not yet in force at the time of the
offences, there was no dispute that the acts in this case comprised these four
incidents and that the Cumulative Scald Injury was the result of this series
of acts.

Did Ridzuan and Azlin possess the requisite intention?

88 Ridzuan and Azlin contended that they did not possess the common intention
to inflict the Cumulative Scald Injury. Both Murder Charges relied upon s 34
of the Penal Code, which required such common intention.

When must the common intention be formed?

89 It was common ground that although there does not need to be “a prior plan”
to commit the offence, and a plan could arise “on the spot”, the common
intention must precede the commission of the criminal act: Shaiful Edham bin
Adam and another v Public Prosecutor [1999] 1 SLR(R) 442 at [60], citing
Asogan Ramesh s/o Ramachandren v Public Prosecutor [1997] 3 SLR(R) 201 at
[34]; see also Samlee Prathumtree and another v Public Prosecutor [1996] 2
SLR(R) 841 at [36]. In the present case, because the Cumulative Scald Injury
was caused by a series of four incidents, it was not disputed that the
requisite common intention must have existed prior to Incident 1, although it
was open to the court to infer from subsequent acts, as a matter of drawing
inferences from the evidence, that the common intention existed from the
outset. The content of the necessary common intention and whether it could be
inferred from the facts were the subject of dispute.

Why was common intention necessary?

90 In the present case, common intention was a necessary ingredient for the
Murder Charges because the Cumulative Scald Injury was the result of four
separate incidents over the course of about a week. Ridzuan was not present
for Incidents 1 and 3, and he appeared to have no knowledge, even after
Incident 4, of Incident 3. In Incident 2, where both contributed to acts of
scalding, their actions would need to be attributed to each other. In Incident
4, while Azlin called Ridzuan’s attention to the scene, it was Ridzuan who was
responsible for the acts of scalding. Because of the nature of scalding, the
medical evidence was not able to show the extent of burns caused by each
particular incident, or how each incident contributed to the Child’s death. As
such, it was the Cumulative Scald Injury, resulting from all four incidents,
which caused the Child’s death. In that context, both Azlin and Ridzuan were
responsible for different physical components of Incidents 1 to 4 that
resulted in the Cumulative Scald Injury. The mechanism of s 34 of the Penal
Code was required to hold both Azlin and Ridzuan accountable for the entirety
of the criminal act that formed the subject matter of the Murder Charges.

Content of the common intention required

91 In Daniel Vijay ([56] supra), the Court of Appeal expressly differentiated
between the intention required of an offender individually charged with an
offence, and that required in a case where common intention was used to impose
liability, holding at [76]:

[W]e are of the view that he [the secondary offender] should not be made
constructively liable for the offence of s 300(c) murder arising from the
actual doer’s criminal act unless there is a common intention to cause,
specifically, a s 300(c) injury, and not any other type of injury. [emphasis
added]

92 This distinction was made after Chan Sek Keong CJ defined “s 300(c) injury”
to refer to the entire concept of “bodily injury that is sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death” at [49]. At [146] the Court of
Appeal then defined the common intention necessary for s 300(c) as follows:

In the context of s 300(c) injury, a common intention to cause such injury is
substantially the same as a common intention to cause death by the infliction
of the specific injury which was in fact caused to the victim since s 300(c)
injury is, by definition, injury that is sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death. [emphasis added]

93 These points were reiterated in Daniel Vijay ([56] supra) at [167]:

It must be remembered that a charge of murder founded on s 300(c) of the Penal
Code read with s 34 (ie, a charge against a secondary offender) is not the
same as a charge against the actual doer (ie, the primary offender), which
would be based on s 300(c) alone. In the latter case, it is not necessary to
consider whether the actual doer intended to cause the victim s 300(c) injury;
instead, it is only necessary to consider whether the actual doer subjectively
intended to inflict the injury which was in fact inflicted on the victim and,
if so, whether the injury was, on an objective assessment, sufficiently
serious to amount to s 300(c) injury. In contrast, in the former case (ie,
where a secondary offender is charged with murder under s 300(c) read with s
34), because of the express words “in furtherance of the common intention of
all” in s 34, it is necessary to consider whether there was a common intention
among all the offenders to inflict s 300(c) injury on the victim (the
inflicting of such injury being the criminal act which gives rise to the
offence of s 300(c) murder). [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added
in bold]

94 The Prosecution contended that the common intention only needed to be the
common intention “to inflict the particular injury which caused death”, and
the question of whether the particular injury was sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death was an objective one. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions at para 19.

In their reply submissions, the Prosecution stated: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions at para 19.

[W]e submit that there is no requirement for the secondary offender to also
intend that the injury inflicted be sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death. The only relevant question is whether all the offenders
shared a common intention to inflict the particular injury which caused death.
It is then an objective test whether the particular injury was in the ordinary
course sufficient to cause death. This is so regardless of whether it is a
“single crime” or a “twin crime” scenario. [emphasis in original]

95 If this statement of the law were correct, this would mean that the
intention applied to individuals charged with s 300(c) would be applied to
participants who, individually, would not be liable under s 300(c) of the
Penal Code. But this was exactly the approach that was rejected by the Court
of Appeal in Daniel Vijay ([56] supra), and the rationale for this rejection
applies equally in the present case. Such an interpretation would render the
Court of Appeal’s comments distinguishing the requirement under s 300(c)
simpliciter and s 300(c) read with s 34 of the Penal Code superfluous.

96 In oral reply, the Prosecution submitted further that the criminal act that
needed to be commonly intended was only the acts of scalding, and if the acts
of scalding were intended, there was no need to have an intention as to the
specific injuries caused. A distinction was drawn between the criminal act
itself and the injury. This distinction was incorrect insofar as it suggested
that the common intention required did not require reference to the injury
caused. The Court of Appeal throughout Daniel Vijay understood the “very
criminal act” that had to be intended under s 300(c) read with s 34 of the
Penal Code to be the infliction of s 300(c) injury. This could be seen by the
scenarios (b) and (c) used in Daniel Vijay at [168] where, in respect of the
“criminal act” to which s 34 of the Penal Code applied, the Court of Appeal
again referred to the infliction of “s 300(c) injury”.

97 In summary, in order for constructive liability to be imposed under s
300(c) read with s 34 of the Penal Code, the offenders must share a common
intention to cause s 300(c) injury, and not any other type of injury, meaning
that the fact that the injury is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature
to cause death must be intended. In my view, cases subsequent to Daniel Vijay
([56] supra) have applied the test similarly, and I turn to explain why I
disagreed with the Prosecution on their characterisations to the contrary.

98 Michael Anak Garing v Public Prosecutor and another appeal (“Michael Anak
Garing”) [2017] 1 SLR 748 was cited by the Prosecution. The Court of Appeal’s
comment that TAI, the secondary offender, knew that the primary offender
(“MAG”) “would in all likelihood wield the parang indiscriminately when
attacking the deceased” (see Michael Anak Garing at [56]) was said to be the
basis for the Court of Appeal’s inference that TAI had the requisite common
intention. I note that the Court of Appeal’s comment was not directed to the
issue of common intention, but was made in the context of determining TAI’s
mental state for the purposes of sentencing, since his awareness of how MAG
would attack the deceased was a relevant factor in determining his culpability
and whether he showed a blatant disregard for human life: Michael Anak Garing
at [56], [61]. This was an additional fact that went beyond the issue of the
requisite mens rea. The Court of Appeal’s decision in respect of TAI, the
secondary offender, was only in respect of sentencing, as TAI had withdrawn
his appeal against conviction: Michael Anak Garing at [4]. In commenting on
TAI’s state of mind, the Court of Appeal was not, in fact, reviewing whether
TAI had the necessary intention under s 300(c) read with s 34 of the Penal
Code. When discussing the requisite mens rea for s 300(c) read with s 34 of
the Penal Code at [55], the Court of Appeal simply explained that the
requisite intention was “the intention to inflict on the deceased injury of
the type specified in s 300(c) of the Penal Code”, by reference to Daniel
Vijay ([56] supra) at [167] and Kho Jabing ([55] supra) at [32]–[33]. It
should be noted that the trial judge in that case had admitted evidence of
three prior parang attacks earlier that same night, in order to show MAG’s and
TAI’s state of mind.

99 In Kho Jabing, V K Rajah JA re-stated the applicable test for the co-
accused, Galing, who had been charged with s 300(c) read with s 34 of the
Penal Code as follows:

32 It is clear from Daniel Vijay ([2] supra at [93], [107], [119], [143],
[176] and [178]) that, in order for Galing to be convicted of murder under s
302 read with s 34 of the Penal Code, the common intention that Galing must
have shared with Jabing is a common intention to do the criminal act done by
the actual doer which results in the offence charged (what was termed the
“Barendra test” (after Barendra Kumar Ghosh v Emperor AIR 1925 PC 1) in [107]
of Daniel Vijay), ie, a common intention to commit murder. … [emphasis in
original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

100 In Public Prosecutor v Chia Kee Chen and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 249
(“Chia Kee Chen”), the Court of Appeal summarised the applicable legal test at
[46]:

[I]t had to be shown that there was a common intention to cause, specifically,
a type of injury sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death
and not any other type of injury (at [145] – [147] and [167]) see [88] below).
[emphasis added]

101 The reference to [88] is an important one, where, in the course of
explaining that there was no need to identify the person who struck the mortal
blow in such cases, Sundaresh Menon CJ held:

88 Further, even if it were possible to identify and attribute the mortal blow
to a particular offender (namely, the “primary offender” or the “actual
doer”), one does not necessarily escape liability for murder under s 300(c)
read with s 34 of the PC simply by disclaiming the mortal blow. By definition,
this means that a person (namely, the secondary offender) may be held liable
for an offence that arises from an act that he did not personally carry out as
long as it can be established that it was done in furtherance of the
offenders’ common intention to commit the very criminal act done by the actual
doer (see Daniel Vijay at [97] and [166]). In the context of murder under s
300(c), the key question is whether the primary and secondary offenders shared
a common intention to inflict the particular s 300(c) injury or injuries on
the victim, the actual infliction of such injury being the criminal act which
gives rise to the offence of s 300(c) murder (see Daniel Vijay at [167]).
[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

102 The Prosecution attempted to rely on the last sentence in Chia Kee Chen at
[87]: “But, as long as we were satisfied that the assailants shared a common
intention to inflict the injuries in question, the impossibility of
identifying of the mortal blow or of attributing it to a particular assailant
would be irrelevant” [emphasis added]. The reference, however, to “injuries in
question” is expanded and clarified in [88] as extracted above. After thus
framing the “particular s 300(c) injury” in [88], Menon CJ concludes with the
same reference to s 300(c) injury at [89]:

It was thus clear that questions such as whether it was Chia or Febri who
struck the mortal blow, or whether Febri had struck more blows than Chia, were
ultimately irrelevant, if we were satisfied that Chia and Febri shared a
common intention to inflict the particular s 300(c) injuries on the Deceased
(these being the craniofacial injuries which were sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death). [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis
added in bold]

Did the facts at hand allow such a common intention to be inferred?

103 I come then to the inference to be drawn in the instant case. In dealing
with this question, it is useful to consider how the requisite inference has
been drawn in previous cases.

104 In Daniel Vijay ([56] supra), the victim had been assaulted on the head by
the primary offender with a baseball bat in the course of a robbery and died.
The Court of Appeal, in respect of the two secondary offenders, held that even
if there was a finding on the evidence that the appellants had a common
intention to beat the deceased on the head to render him unconscious, it would
not necessarily follow that this common intention was a common intention to
inflict s 300(c) injury on Wan, the deceased (see Daniel Vijay at [147]). The
Court of Appeal pointed out that there was no scientific evidence that any
knock on the head with a baseball bat would be sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death.

105 In Kho Jabing ([55] supra), in the course of a robbery, Jabing (the
primary offender) killed the victim with blows to the head with a piece of
wood. Galing had also assaulted the victim with a belt buckle. The fatal
injuries were inflicted by Jabing: Kho Jabing at [27], [28] and [31]. The
Court of Appeal held that it was impossible to infer that Galing had the
common intention to cause the s 300(c) injury. The Court of Appeal at [35]
went on to discuss the factors that militated against drawing the inference of
the common intention to cause s 300(c) injury on the victim, which were as
follows:

(a) While Galing and Jabing had a common intention to commit robbery at
Geylang, there was no evidence of any prior discussions or planning between
the two of them as to how the robbery would be carried out, whether any
weapons would be used, what force should be used if the victims resisted, etc.

(b) Galing and Jabing were unarmed when they decided to rob the two victims.
Jabing’s picking up and using the piece of wood was opportunistic and
improvisational and Galing’s use of his belt was equally so (ie, hardly part
of a “pre-arranged plan”).

(c) There was insufficient evidence as to what kind of injury was caused by
Galing using his belt buckle and, unless Galing had used it to strike the
deceased very hard on the head (and there was no evidence that this had
occurred) it could not have been a s 300(c) kind of injury.

(d) Although Galing was in a position, and afforded the opportunity, to
inflict more severe wounds on the deceased, the fact that he did not do so
suggested that his intention all along was to rob, as well as cause hurt while
doing so, and not to inflict a s 300(c) injury.

(e) Galing did not assault the deceased in a manner which would have made it
easier for Jabing to cause the s 300(c) injury, eg, by distracting the
deceased, or restraining or incapacitating him so that Jabing would have been
presented with a more vulnerable victim.

106 In Chia Kee Chen ([100] supra), a case where the fatal blow could not be
identified, the Court of Appeal held that the requisite common intention could
be inferred from the following:

(a) First, the Court of Appeal noted that Chia was the “mastermind of the plan
to abduct the Deceased from the car park and to beat him up severely”: Chia
Kee Chen at [90];

(b) Second, during the assault, “Chia actively assisted in Febri’s assault by
restraining the Deceased’s legs while Febri went ‘crazy’ and repeatedly struck
the Deceased’s head with the hammer. At no point did Chia attempt to stop
Febri from continuing the assault, even though Chia was in a position to do
so, since he had recruited Febri solely to assist him and Febri had no
interest in the assault other than to act at Chia’s behest”: Chia Kee Chen at
[92]. The reason why Chia did not stop Febri was because he was angry.

(c) Third, Chia also asked Febri to hand him the hammer, and he then struck
the deceased on the forehead. He then returned the hammer to Febri, allowing
him to continue striking the deceased.

(d) Fourth, the Court of Appeal also noted various parts of the statements
that made clear that Chia had wanted the deceased dead: Chia Kee Chen at [94].

107 The facts of Chia Kee Chen deal squarely with counsel for Ridzuan’s
submission that there could be no agreement if Ridzuan was unaware of the
third incident. I disagreed with that approach. Ridzuan’s ignorance of the
third incident would be irrelevant if the common intention could be proved.
This is clear from Chia Kee Chen at [89] (extracted above at [102]). It is the
common intention that is important.

108 The Prosecution’s argument on the facts upon which to found common
intention in this case was summarised at para 69 of their written submissions:

Both accused were in agreement that the Deceased was “misbehaving” and that
more severe measures had to be inflicted on him to ensure his obedience. While
the act of scalding the Deceased by splashing hot water on him
indiscriminately was initiated by Azlin, Ridzuan plainly endorsed and
participated in that method in the second and fourth incidents. They took
turns to brutally assault him by scalding, knowing full well that the other
was also assaulting him in the same way, and that the cumulative effect of
their assault was to cause severe burn injury. That injury was subsequently
ascertained to be sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

109 In considering whether such common intention existed, it was important to
bear in mind the kind of injury at hand, which was the Cumulative Scald
Injury, accumulated across four incidents, that was sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death. In ascertaining intention, it was also
important to consider the knowledge that Azlin and Ridzuan would have had, as
the awareness of what kind of injury and the seriousness of the injury that
would be caused is very relevant for inferring the necessary common intention.
In this case, however, the scald injuries were not as obvious as other kinds
of injury. It can be contrasted with a blunt force blow to the head with a
hammer, which Chia Kee Chen ([100] supra) involved, which injuries would have
been obvious. Similar reasoning was employed by the Court of Appeal in Daniel
Vijay ([56] supra) when it suggested at [167], regarding the decision of the
High Court in Public Prosecutor v Mimi Wong Criminal Case No 17 of 1970, that
the combination of the facts that the common intention was to inflict bodily
injury with a knife and that the knife injuries were sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death, likely justified the inference that
there was a common intention to inflict s 300(c) injury. By contrast, in other
cases, the nature of the weapons or injuries militated against an inference of
common intention. In Kho Jabing ([55] supra), for example, the weapons used by
the robbers Jabing and Galing were improvisational, and it could not be
inferred from Galing’s use of a belt that there was a pre-arranged plan for
the victim to suffer head trauma from Jabing’s use of a piece of wood.

110 In my judgment, the Murder Charges were not made out, because there was
insufficient evidence upon which I could infer that Azlin and Ridzuan intended
to inflict s 300(c) injury (defining such injury in the same way as the Court
of Appeal did in Daniel Vijay ([56] supra) at [49]). My reasons were as
follows:

(a) There was no evidence of any pre-arranged plan on the part of Azlin and
Ridzuan regarding the extent of injury to be caused to the Child. Rather than
showing that the acts from the outset were directed at a goal of inflicting s
300(c) injury (ie, fatal injury), the evidence indicates instead that each
incident was a reaction to a particular trigger.

(b) If there was such a pre-arranged plan, it should have existed prior to or
have been formed on the spot just before Incident 1. Ridzuan, however, did not
participate in Incident 1. The evidence indicates that he was aware of it
thereafter and did not remonstrate Azlin in respect of it, but, without more,
his acquiescence after the fact could not ground an inference that a common
intention was formed prior to or just before the fact.

(c) After the second incident, Azlin and Ridzuan rinsed off the Child. Ridzuan
also told Azlin to “cool down”. There was no agreement to scald the Child
again. Further, after Incidents 1 and 2, Azlin and/or Ridzuan applied
medication to the Child, suggesting that each incident was a separate reactive
response and that there was no intention to cause any aggregate injury that
would be s 300(c) injury.

(d) After the second incident, Ridzuan was aware that Azlin might scald the
Child again. Azlin, too, was aware that Ridzuan might do the same. But
foreseeability of another scalding incident alone was insufficient to ground
the necessary inference that they had come to a common intention to continue
scalding the Child to cause injury that was sufficient in the ordinary course
of nature to cause death. This was made clear by the departure from Lee Chez
Kee v Public Prosecutor [2008] 3 SLR(R) 447 (“Lee Chez Kee”) in Daniel Vijay
and the result in Kho Jabing.

(e) The intention to inflict s 300(c) injury could not be inferred from
Azlin’s or Ridzuan’s participation in the individual acts of scalding, because
a single act of scalding would not be sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death. Further, given the gap in time between each incident
and the facts that suggested that each incident was independent, it was not
possible to infer an overarching intention to inflict s 300(c) injury.

(f) Azlin’s and Ridzuan’s common intention to discipline the Child with
scalding water was, contrary to the Prosecution’s submission, insufficient,
because this would not amount to a specific intention to inflict s 300(c)
injury. While the Prosecution derived support for their submission that “[the
accused persons] were acting in concert at all times in ‘disciplining’ the
child” 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions at paras 30–36.

from the accused persons’ accounts to the police and to the psychiatrists,
this is not enough. At best, it may elucidate Azlin and Ridzuan’s motives for
scalding the Child. But the content of the common intention was still an open
question.

(g) Their act of bringing the Child to hospital despite knowing that Ridzuan
may be arrested, while not determinative of the issue, pointed away from a
common intention to inflict s 300(c) injury. They still held a hope as to his
recovery.

Use of an adverse inference to fill the gap?

111 In its reply submissions, the Prosecution argued that at the close of its
case, the Prosecution had proven a prima facie case that the common intention
was formed from the time of the first scalding incident. The court had called
for the Defence at the close of the Prosecution’s case, but both accused had
chosen to remain silent. The Prosecution then argued that an adverse inference
should be drawn against the accused persons, as their own testimony would be
the best evidence as to their state of mind, and yet they failed to take the
stand.

112 Proof of a prima facie case under the threshold required for calling the
Defence does not equate to proof beyond reasonable doubt for the purposes of
conviction. My duty to assess the evidence at the close of trial and determine
whether the burden of proving the charge beyond reasonable doubt has been met
remains: Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario [2012] 3 SLR 440 at [26], where Chan Sek
Keong CJ reminded that the prosecution’s burden of proof “never shifts to the
accused”. In that light, I did not find it appropriate to draw an adverse
inference against the accused in the present case. The presumption of
innocence meant that the Prosecution must satisfy the burden of proof on
common intention, which was an element of the offence charged. Here, my
findings above meant that it had failed to do so. The guidance of the Court of
Appeal in Took Leng How v Public Prosecutor [2006] 2 SLR(R) 70 at [43] is that
in such circumstances, the failure to testify cannot be used in order to fill
what is effectively a gap in the evidence.

Use of second, third and fourth incidents only

113 The Prosecution in reply submissions also put forward an alternative case
that the common intention was formed at the time of Incident 2. They argued
that the injuries from Incident 1 were relatively minor and would have been
“subsumed under the subsequent burns obtained”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions at para 36.

114 In my judgment, this approach was not feasible. This alternative case was
advanced for the first time in reply. The Defence would not have reasonably
expected this to be an alternative case and allowing this line of argument in
reply would not be aligned with the guidance of the Court of Appeal in Mui Jia
Jun v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 1087 at [89]. Furthermore, the medical
evidence did not support it. The evidence of Dr Chan, Dr Loh and Dr Kang was
that it was not possible to identify with any degree of precision which
injuries eventually contributed to the Child’s death. Infection, too, could
have started from the first incident. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 155, ln 1–4.

115 Despite the medical evidence, the Prosecution relied on areas circled out
by Azlin and Ridzuan in photos showing injuries after the second incident, and
Dr Kang’s view that these would show 12% or 20% of TBSA respectively. They
thus drew a distinction between the injuries after Incident 2 and those after
Incident 1, concluding from the comparative seriousness of the injuries after
Incident 2 that the injuries from Incident 1 had been subsumed.

116 I rejected this submission for two reasons. First, the rough drawings by
accused persons would not have been an accurate reflection of the extent of
the burns. The drawings do not appear to have been intended to be precise but
seemed to have been made in broad strokes. This was not a reliable basis upon
which to premise any criminal conviction. Second, there was no reliable
evidence that the injuries from Incident 1 were minor or were “subsumed”.
Furthermore, as Dr Kang testified, where a patient had already suffered a burn
over an area and was burned again on that same area, the burn would become a
“deeper burn”, ie a more serious one. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 12, ln 24–29.

Hence, wherever a burn from Incident 2 overlapped with an earlier one, it
would be more severe, because of the pre-existing burn from Incident 1. The
Prosecution could not rule out that the injuries from Incident 1 continued to
contribute to the cause of death. In arguing to the contrary, the learned
deputy public prosecutor relied upon Azlin’s and Ridzuan’s observations in
their statements to argue that Incident 1 was minor. But, as summarised at
[62] above, Azlin’s and Ridzuan’s accounts differ (with Azlin’s account
suggesting more serious injuries), and when asked about Azlin’s observations
as to the Child’s injuries after this incident, Dr Kang and Dr Loh were of the
view that there were “at least partial thickness burns”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 40, ln 10–11 (Dr Kang); NE 12 November 2019 at p 150,
ln 21 (Assoc Prof Loh).

There was no evidence to show that Incident 1 was not a contributory factor to
the Cumulative Scald Injury or had been “subsumed”.

Amendment of charges

117 For the reasons mentioned, I found that the Murder Charges could not be
sustained and on 3 April 2020 invited views on the alternate charges that
could be framed under s 128 of the CPC.

Murder

118 The Prosecution made two alternative proposals in respect of Azlin. The
first was a charge under s 300(c) of the Penal Code, read with s 34 for two of
the four incidents. Their rationale for advancing a s 300(c) charge was that
Azlin should assume legal liability as a primary offender for all the four
incidents, because she was solely responsible for Incidents 1 and 3, and she
acted in common intention with Ridzuan for Incidents 2 and 4.

119 In terms of the actus reus, s 299 of the Penal Code (defining “culpable
homicide”, a precondition for s 300(c) of the Penal Code) requires that the
accused “causes death by doing an act”, or, in the appropriate context,
multiple acts. In the present case, given the state of the medical evidence,
the Prosecution had to somehow attribute all of the acts of scalding to Azlin,
as the Cumulative Scald Injury was the only provable cause of death. In
proposing the alternative charge under s 300(c) of the Penal Code, the
Prosecution submitted that Azlin was legally liable for Ridzuan’s acts in
Incidents 2 and 4 since those acts were done in furtherance of their common
intention to cause those specific scald injuries.

120 In my view, s 34 of the Penal Code could not operate in such a way,
because in the present case, both Azlin and Ridzuan were responsible for the
physical components of Incidents 1 to 4, and in order for Ridzuan’s acts to be
attributed to Azlin, Ridzuan and Azlin needed to share the common intention
for the entire criminal act, rather than a common intention just to inflict
hurt in two incidents. The language of s 34 of the Penal Code is key:

When a criminal act is done by several persons, in furtherance of the common
intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the same
manner as if the act were done by him alone.

121 Section 34 is not a free-standing principle of attribution, but a specific
rule that enables constructive liability for the offence that arises out of
the “criminal act”, or “unity of criminal behaviour”. The scope of liability
under s 34 of the Penal Code is restricted to the offence that arises out of
the “criminal act” specified and which is commonly intended. Section 34 of the
Penal Code does not enable the proof of common intention only of component
offences of a “criminal act”. Hence, in this case, even if Azlin is held
liable for Ridzuan’s acts under s 34 of the Penal Code for Incidents 2 and 4
because these were done in furtherance of the common intention to cause
grievous hurt, this does not mean that Ridzuan’s acts can then also be
attributed to Azlin for the purposes of s 300(c) of the Penal Code. Instead,
in order for Ridzuan’s acts to be attributed to Azlin for the purposes of
liability under s 300(c) of the Penal Code, the common intention they needed
to share would be the common intention to inflict s 300(c) injury. Since this
common intention could not be proved beyond reasonable doubt, this proposed
charge was not made out.

122 This may also be explained by looking at Daniel Vijay ([56] supra)in its
context. Daniel Vijay dealt with a line of authorities on “twin crime”
scenarios, where a collateral criminal act was committed in the course of the
commission of the primary criminal act. Those decisions held that where the
accused persons had a common intention to commit the criminal act which was
the primary criminal act, then there was no need to prove a common intention
as to the collateral criminal act which was done in the course of the primary
criminal act: Lee Chez Kee ([110] supra) at [253(d)]. In Lee Chez Kee, the
Court of Appeal upheld this position, but then added a further mens rea
requirement, which was that “the secondary offender must subjectively know in
one in his party may likely commit the criminal act constituting the
collateral offence in furtherance of the common intention of carrying out the
primary offence” [emphasis in original]: Lee Chez Kee at [253(d)].

123 The Court of Appeal in Daniel Vijay departed from that stated approach in
two ways. First, it reasserted the test set out in Barendra Kumar Ghosh v
Emperor AIR 1925 PC 1 (“Barendra”), that the necessary common intention is the
“intention to commit the very criminal act done by the actual doer” [emphasis
in original]: Daniel Vijay at [107] and [166]. Hence, in a “twin crime”
scenario, for constructive liability to arise for the collateral offence, the
common intention had to be directed to that very collateral offence. Secondly,
it clarified that the requirement in Lee Chez Kee, being that of subjective
awareness of the likelihood of the collateral offence being committed, was
“only a factor in determining whether that principle of liability [under s 34
of the Penal Code] applies” [emphasis in original]: Daniel Vijay at [75].

124 Daniel Vijay’s twin crime scenario carried a clear primary and secondary
offender matrix where the primary offender was responsible for all the
physical components of the primary crime. In the present case, the physical
components that led to the Cumulative Scald Injury were the collective result
of the actions of both Azlin and Ridzuan. By attributing the common intention
for Incidents 2 and 4 to Azlin and then importing that common intention
specific to those two incidents into the frame of the four incidents, the
Prosecution was, in effect, re-introducing the Lee Chez Kee twin crime
approach in a different factual iteration. What Daniel Vijay ([56] supra)
makes clear is that the unity of common intention must exist in relation to
the “very criminal act” for which the offender is charged. In the case at
hand, “the very criminal act” comprised four incidents, and its component
parts were the actions resulting from two “doers”, acting at different points
in time. There was no single actual doer for the whole criminal act: common
intention was necessary before constructive liability could be imposed on each
for the acts of the other. The logic of Daniel Vijay  applied to require
common intention in order to bind both these principals to the very criminal
act of the offence which the four acts comprise.

Grievous hurt

125 In the alternative, the Prosecution proposed that Azlin should face four
charges under s 326 of the Penal Code for each of the four incidents, with two
of them read with s 34 of the Penal Code to reflect a common intention shared
with Ridzuan for Incidents 2 and 4. Ridzuan would be charged with s 326 read
with s 34 of the Penal Code for Incidents 2 and 4.

126 This was the approach taken. Azlin indicated that she would plead guilty
to s 326 of the Penal Code for Incidents 1 and 3. The actus reus was not in
dispute. From Incident 1, Dr Kang opined that there were “at least partial
thickness burns”, 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 40, ln 10–11.

an opinion shared by Assoc Prof Loh. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 150, ln 21.

Given the Child’s young age and the subsequent deterioration of his health, it
was clear the injuries from Incident 1 endangered his life. Regarding Azlin’s
mens rea, the intention to inflict hurt which endangered life was inferred
from her multiple and continuous splashing of the Child with hot water. In
respect of Incident 3, the facts underpinning the charge under s 326 of the
Penal Code, were clear for similar reasons.

127 Incidents 2 and 4 were the subject of joint action by Azlin and Ridzuan.
For Incident 2, joint participation and injuries caused were not disputed. I
find that their respective acts were done in furtherance of a common intention
to cause grievous hurt to the Child using the hot water, given the temperature
of the water and the nature of their acts in this incident, and as they were
both jointly involved in this incident and were clearly acting in agreement
that this was how they wanted to discipline the Child.

128 In respect of Incident 4, Ridzuan was the person who inflicted the
injuries but Azlin’s participation was clear as she was the one who had asked
Ridzuan to deal with the situation, well knowing how he would proceed. She saw
and acquiesced, in any event, in his actions. In the light of the previous
incidents, Azlin’s and Ridzuan’s conduct justified the inference that they
shared the requisite common intention for the s 326 charge.

129 The charges for the four incidents were therefore as follows. For Incident
1, a new charge was framed and marked C1B2:

You, AZLIN BINTE ARUJUNAH …, are charged that you, sometime between 15 and 17
October 2016, at [xxx], Singapore, did voluntarily cause grievous hurt by
means of a heated substance, to wit, by splashing hot water at [the Child]
(male, 5 years old) multiple times, which caused hurt which endangered life,
and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under s 326 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

130 In respect of Incident 2, the following charges were framed (C1B3 and D1B2
respectively):

You, AZLIN BINTE ARUJUNAH … , are charged that you, sometime between 17 and 19
October 2016, at [xxx], Singapore, together with Ridzuan bin Mega Abdul Rahman
and in furtherance of the common intention of you both, did voluntarily cause
grievous hurt by means of a heated substance, to wit, by splashing several
cups of hot water at [the Child] (male, 5 years old) which caused hurt which
endangered life, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under s
326 read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

You, RIDZUAN BIN MEGA ABDUL RAHMAN ... , are charged that you, sometime
between 17 and 19 October 2016, at [xxx], Singapore, together with Azlin binte
Arujunah and in furtherance of the common intention of you both, did
voluntarily cause grievous hurt by means of a heated substance, to wit, by
splashing several cups of hot water at [the Child] (male, 5 years old) which
caused hurt which endangered life, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under s 326 read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed).

131 In respect of Incident 3, the following charge against Azlin was framed
(marked C1B4):

You, AZLIN BINTE ARUJUNAH … , are charged that you, on 21 October 2016 at
around 9pm, at [xxx], Singapore, did voluntarily cause grievous hurt by means
of a heated substance, to wit, by throwing 9 to 10 cups of hot water at [the
Child] (male, 5 years old), which caused hurt which endangered life, and you
have thereby committed an offence punishable under s 326 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

132 In respect of Incident 4, the Murder Charges were altered to the following
(marked C1B1 and D1B1 respectively):

You, AZLIN BINTE ARUJUNAH … , are charged that you, on 22 October 2016, at
[xxx], Singapore, together with Ridzuan bin Mega Abdul Rahman and in
furtherance of the common intention of you both, did voluntarily cause
grievous hurt by means of a heated substance, to wit, by pouring/splashing hot
water at [the Child] (male, 5 years old), which caused hurt which endangered
life, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under s 326 read
with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

You, RIDZUAN BIN MEGA ABDUL RAHMAN ... , are charged that you, on 22 October
2016, at [xxx], Singapore, together with Azlin binte Arujunah and in
furtherance of the common intention of you both, did voluntarily cause
grievous hurt by means of a heated substance, to wit, by pouring/splashing hot
water at [the Child] (male, 5 years old), which caused hurt which endangered
life, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under s 326 read
with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

133 At the hearing on 19 June 2020, the above charges were read and explained
to both Azlin and Ridzuan: s 128(2) of the CPC. Azlin pleaded guilty to the
charges for Incidents 1, 2, and 3 (C1B2, C1B3 and C1B4), and claimed trial for
the charge for Incident 4 (C1B1), while Ridzuan pleaded guilty to both charges
D1B1 and D1B2. Counsel for both accused confirmed that there was no need to
call further witnesses. As I did not consider that proceeding would prejudice
either accused, I proceeded to find Azlin and Ridzuan guilty and convicted
them of their respective charges.

Exception 7 defences

134 The issue of diminished responsibility under Exception 7 to s 300 of the
Penal Code was no longer live in the light of my conclusion on the Murder
Charges. Any mental condition asserted was nevertheless relevant as context
for sentencing and I set out my findings here.

Legal context

135 Exception 7 to s 300 of the Penal Code reads:

Exception 7.—Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender was suffering
from such abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested or
retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or
injury) as substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and
omissions in causing the death or being a party to causing the death.

136 In order to rely on Exception 7, the accused must prove the following (per
Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2
SLR 216 (“Nagaenthran”) at [21]):

(a) first, that he was suffering from an abnormality of mind (“the first
limb”);

(b) second, that the abnormality of mind: (i) arose from a condition of
arrested or retarded development of mind; (ii) arose from any inherent causes;
or (iii) was induced by disease or injury (“the second limb”); and

(c) the abnormality of mind substantially impaired his mental responsibility
for his acts and omissions in relation to his offence (“the third limb”).

The onus is on the accused to prove on a balance of probabilities that all
three limbs are satisfied in order to rely on Exception 7: Iskandar bin Rahmat
v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2017] 1 SLR 505 (“Iskandar”) at [66].

137 Regarding the first limb, “abnormality of mind” was defined in R v Byrne
[1960] 2 QB 396 (“Byrne”) at 403 as follows:

[A] state of mind so different from that of ordinary human beings that the
reasonable man would term it abnormal. It appears to us to be wide enough to
cover the mind’s activities in all its aspects, not only the perception of
physical acts and matters, and the ability to form a rational judgment as to
whether an act is right or wrong, but also the ability to exercise the will
power to control physical acts in accordance with that rational judgment.

138 While the focus may tend to be on three aspects, “the capacity to
understand events, judge the rightness of wrongness of one’s actions, and
exercise self-control”: Nagaenthran at [24], see also Iskandar at [82], these
are not exhaustive, although they are likely to be “the most relevant and oft-
used tools” because they go to the heart of the issue of whether the
abnormality of mind has substantially impaired an accused’s mental
responsibility: Nagaenthran at [25]. Further, while medical evidence is
helpful, the opinion of an expert “is not necessarily dispositive of the legal
inquiry into whether an abnormality of mind has been established under the
first limb”: Nagaenthran at [28]. The Court of Appeal stated in Nagaenthran at
[29] that the medical evidence may be rejected where the factual basis upon
which the medical opinion is premised is rejected at trial, and also may be
rejected when viewed against the surrounding circumstances of the case.

139 Turning to the second limb, which was a matter largely to be determined
based on expert evidence” (Nagaenthran at [22]), the Court of Appeal has
emphasised that the purpose of the second limb is to restrict the scope of
Exception 7: Nagaenthran ([136] supra) at [30]; Iskandar at [85]. In Iskandar
([136] supra), the Court of Appeal also rejected the contention by the
appellant that the second limb would be satisfied by simply showing that the
abnormality of mind arose out of “any recognised medical condition”, including
the American Psychiatric Association’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders (“DSM”). Instead, “the onus is still on the accused person to
identify which of the prescribed causes is applicable in his case. Expert
witnesses were thus well-advised to, on top of diagnosing whether the accused
person was suffering from a recognised mental condition, identify which
prescribed cause, if any, in their opinion, gave rise to the accused’s
abnormality of mind” [emphasis added]: Iskandar at [89]; Nagaenthran at [32].
Neither of the defence experts for Azlin and Ridzuan did so, in this case.

140 “Substantial impairment”, the third limb, was specified in Nagaenthran at
[33] to be “real and material”, but short of unsoundness of mind, and must
have influenced the offender’s actions. This question is “largely a question
of commonsense to be decided by the trial judge as a finder of fact”:
Nagaenthran at [33].

The effect of the decision not to give evidence

141 In the present case, both Azlin and Ridzuan sought to rely on Exception 7,
but at the same time elected not to give evidence in their defence. The
Prosecution gave notice that it would rely on Anita Damu v Public Prosecutor
[2019] SGHC 233 (“Anita Damu”) to dispute any defences without adequate
factual premise. In Anita Damu, the accused who had pleaded guilty to various
charges, asserted in mitigation that she suffered from Major Depressive
Disorder (“MDD”) that caused her to suffer auditory hallucinations, leading
her to commit the offences. The Prosecution in that case disputed the fact
that she had heard voices at the time of the offences. At the ensuing Newton
hearing, the Defence’s psychiatrists gave evidence, but the accused did not.
The central factual dispute in that case was not whether the accused suffered
from MDD (which the Prosecution did not contest), but whether the accused
suffered from the auditory hallucinations.

142 In his judgment, Menon CJ drew a key distinction between the fact of the
auditory hallucination and the medical interpretation of that fact (Anita Damu
at [25]). Reliance on psychiatric evidence alone in that case would be
inappropriate because, first, the accused’s claim to have suffered auditory
hallucinations would be something “uniquely within her personal knowledge”,
and so a failure to testify may warrant an adverse inference being drawn
against the accused: Anita Damu at [26]–[27]. Second, the accused’s failure to
give evidence undermined the relevance of the psychiatric evidence, which was
based on facts not before the court. Menon CJ noted that the “basis rule”
entailed that the “factual basis for the expert’s opinion must itself be
established on admissible evidence and not on hearsay”: Anita Damu at [30]. In
the present case, the basis rule required that the facts that form the basis
of the psychiatric evidence relied upon by Azlin and Ridzuan to be before the
court through admissible evidence. Psychiatric evidence is admissible under s
47 of the Evidence Act as interpretations of the facts, but the facts
grounding such opinion evidence must be adduced. In considering the defences,
it was therefore important to assess how their decision not to give evidence
in court impacted their ability to advance their defences, and I did so, as I
explain below at the relevant junctures.

Azlin

(1) Azlin’s Adjustment Disorder

143 It was not disputed that Azlin suffered from Adjustment Disorder. In this
context, the various stressors in her life were not disputed facts. These
stressors, and her response, were also adequately documented in her statements
admitted under s 258 of the CPC. However, her specific claim to Dr Jacob
Rajesh and Dr Kenneth Koh that she had consumed methamphetamine (or “ice”) at
or around the time of the offences was disputed and I should make clear that I
did not take it into account. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions at para 89(a).

I agreed with the Prosecution that there was no factual basis to hold that she
consumed “ice” at the material time. None of her statements indicated that she
was consuming “ice”. The psychiatric reports to that effect lack factual
premise (see Anita Damu [142] supra).

(2) The first limb: abnormality of mind

144 In the present case, the Prosecution’s and Defence’s psychiatrists agreed
that Azlin was suffering from an Adjustment Disorder at the material time. Dr
Jaydip Sarkar (“Dr Sarkar”), who was called by the Prosecution, had concluded
at para 54(a) of his report that Azlin was suffering from an Adjustment
Disorder due to the loss of her grandmother and mother, Ridzuan’s alleged
extra-marital affair, domestic violence, financial worries, and the need to
look after small children. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Bundle of Psychiatric Reports (“BPR”) at p 9.

Dr Rajesh, who was called by the Defence, had concluded at para 37 of his
first report (dated 27 January 2019) that Azlin was suffering from Adjustment
Disorder with depressed mood, citing the same stressors. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

BPR at p 21.

Dr Koh, who was called by the Prosecution, had also concluded at para 19(a) of
his report that Azlin was suffering from Adjustment Disorder with depressed
mood. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

BPR at p 28.

145 The question was the nature and severity of that Adjustment Disorder. An
Adjustment Disorder, by its nature, is not an especially serious mental
disorder. Dr Sarkar gave evidence that an Adjustment Disorder can be
characterised as “an over-reaction to normal stressor[s] that all of us
experienc[e] in different times of our lives”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE 26 November 2019 at p 14, ln 10–11.

It “[s]its between the two ends, between normal reactions and pathological
clinical major sort of clinical disorders in psychiatry.” 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE 26 November 2019 at p 13, ln 24–26.

When asked about the severity of Adjustment Disorder, Dr Rajesh responded
that, first, it was a mental disorder recognised in the DSM-V and in the
International Classification of Diseases (“ICD-10”), and second, it is not “as
severe as psychosis, like schizophrenia or bipolar or severe depression”,
although it is a disorder “in its own right”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE 27 November 2019 at p 29, ln 29–32, to p 30, ln 1–9.

Further, by its nature, Adjustment Disorder is “a passing phase” and it is
expected that persons suffering from Adjustment Disorder would recover within
six months, and if they do not, a more serious diagnosis would be appropriate.
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE 26 November 2019 at p 14, ln 18–20.

146 According to Dr Rajesh, the severity of an Adjustment Disorder would be
assessed according to the degree of impairment, the extent of the symptoms
suffered, and how long it had lasted. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE 27 November 2019 at p 31, ln 19–21.

I concluded that the extent of impairment to Azlin’s functioning was not
severe. Azlin was still able to manage her household and take care of her
children. In April 2016, after her grandmother’s death and while Ridzuan was
absent, Azlin managed to “borrow people money to buy sardine, Maggie and eggs.
All the necessary items to survive.” 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

P207 at para 1.34: AB at p 498.

Subsequently, after her mother’s death and at around the time of the offences,
Azlin still maintained a routine, waking up at 5.40am to help her first son
prepare for school and preparing milk for her other children. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

P207 at para 1.42: AB at p 500.

Her routine showed that she functioned adequately as a housewife and mother.
128

##### Foot Note 128

×

P208 at paras 43.1–43.4: AB at p 522.

147 In terms of her capacity to understand events, both Dr Sarkar 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE 26 November 2019 at p 15, ln 10–11.

and Dr Koh 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE 19 November 2019 at p 8, ln 19–21.

concluded that there was no impairment of her ability to understand events.
Indeed, Azlin appeared to be lucid in all of her statements and her accounts
of the offences and the surrounding circumstances are detailed. Dr Rajesh
claimed that Azlin’s Adjustment Disorder would have affected her capacity to
understand the seriousness of her actions, in that, she underestimated the
significance of the scald injuries. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE 27 November 2019 at p 44, ln 18–23.

However, this was a purely conclusory statement that did not show how Azlin’s
Adjustment Disorder would have affected her ability to understand the
seriousness of her actions, even if she did (for the sake of argument)
underestimate the injuries that would be caused.

148 In terms of her capacity to understand whether her actions were right or
wrong, Dr Sarkar 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE 26 November 2019 at p 15, ln 12–14.

and Dr Koh 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE 19 November 2019 at p 8, ln 22–25.

found that there was no impairment either. Dr Rajesh claimed that the
Adjustment Disorder did impact her ability to judge right or wrong in that it
affected her capacity to properly estimate the severity of the injuries
caused. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE27 November 2019 at p 45, ln 14–17.

However, for the same reasons as above, I could not accept his finding. Azlin
knew that her actions were wrong and admitted as much throughout her
statements. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

See e.g. P190: AB at p 424; P192: AB at p 434.

Her statements made plain that she understood the content of “normal
discipline” 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

P207 at para 1.33: AB at p 498.

and had adopted an unduly severe approach to the Child. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

P207 at para 1.40: AB at p 500.

After scalding the Child, she sought to mitigate the injuries by applying
cream. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

P207 at para 1.43: AB at p 501.

Her avowed intention to keep the Child in the cat cage was to make sure the
Child could not misbehave so that they would not have to continue hurting the
Child. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

P208 at para 16.1: AB at p 512.

There was no evidence to suggest that she could not tell what she was doing
was wrong at the time of the offences.

149 Finally, in terms of impulse control, I was of the view that whatever
effect that the Adjustment Disorder had on Azlin’s self-control was limited.

(a) First, Azlin did not suffer from a general reduction in her ability to
control her impulses, since her actions were entirely targeted at the Child
and none of her other children suffered any abuse. I accepted Dr Sarkar’s view
that impulse control caused by mental disorders would not be “selective”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE 26 November 2019 at p 17, ln 8–10.

Even if the Child’s behaviour was perceived by Azlin as worse than his
siblings’ behaviour, as she reported, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

P159 at paras 20, 21 and 33: BPR at pp 5–6.

it is striking that Azlin never acted out against any of the other children.
In fact, there appeared to be other reasons why Azlin chose to focus on the
Child. Dr Sarkar testified that there was a lack of maternal bond between the
Child and Azlin, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE 26 November 2019 at p 22, ln 21 to p 23, ln 6. See also P159 at para 22:
BPR at p 5.

and Dr Rajesh agreed. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE 28 November 2019 at p 59, ln 17–27.

Further, she took out her anger towards her husband on the Child. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE 28 November 2019 at p 60, ln 4–16.

These indicated that her actions were due not so much to the absence of self-
control, but a decision not to exercise that self-control.

(b) Second, on a related note, Azlin’s increasingly violent responses were in
fact responses to the Child’s perceived misbehaviour. Dr Rajesh accepted that
Azlin’s choice of using hot water was an escalation from her previous attempts
at disciplining the Child. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE 28 November 2019 at p 63, ln 29 to p 64, ln 2.

This escalation suggested that she was able to control her impulses, but
decided to inflict more severe injuries when the Child did not respond to
lesser punishments.

(c) Third, Azlin’s acts of scalding the Child did not appear to be impulsive
actions but were directed to achieving a particular goal. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE 19 November 2019 at p 7, ln 18–32, to p 8, ln 1–3.

In particular, where Azlin was involved in the pouring of hot water, she had
to re-fill the glass that she used each time. In Incident 1, Azlin re-filled
and poured the hot water two or three times, after which she questioned the
Child again, and resumed pouring hot water on the Child when he denied taking
milk powder. In Incident 2, likewise, she re-filled and poured the hot water
five to seven times. In Incident 3, she did so nine to ten times. Each
incident involved a series of acts involving re-filling and pouring hot water
again and again.

150 Therefore, I could not find on a balance of probabilities that the
Adjustment Disorder had caused such deviation in functioning such that Azlin’s
state of mind could be said to be so different from ordinary human beings that
a reasonable man would consider it abnormal.

(3) The second and third limbs

151 The second limb required an accused who wishes to rely on Exception 7 to
lead evidence to show that the abnormality of mind arose “from a condition of
arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by
disease or injury”, and the Court of Appeal has stated that expert witnesses
are expected to be able to identify the prescribed cause: Iskandar ([136]
supra) at [89]. In this case, there was no such evidence, nor did counsel for
Azlin specify which prescribed cause was being relied upon. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Azlin’s Written Submissions at paras 231–234.

152 For the third limb, it followed from the factual conclusions drawn from
[145] – [149] that there was no substantial impairment.

Ridzuan

153 Dr Cheow Enquan, the Prosecution’s expert, did not find any abnormality of
mind. Ms Leung Hoi Ting, the clinical psychologist who conducted an
intellectual assessment test at Dr Cheow’s request, found that Ridzuan’s
cognitive functioning was at the borderline to low average, and his adaptive
functioning was extremely low to low average. He had, however, the ability to
communicate, socialise, hold down various jobs and perform daily living
skills, he did not therefore meet the criteria for intellectual disability. Dr
Ung, Ridzuan’s expert, contended that Ridzuan suffered from Intermittent
Explosive Disorder (“IED”), Attention-Deficit Hyperactive Disorder (“ADHD”)
and Hypnotic Use Disorder, and Anti-Social Personality Disorder (“ASPD”).

(1) The first limb: abnormality of mind

(A) ASPD

154 The only diagnosis accepted by both the Prosecution and Defence was ASPD.
This diagnosis was not made by Dr Ung, but emerged when Dr Cheow was cross-
examined, 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE 18 November 2019 at p 45, ln 24–25.

and was accepted by the Prosecution in its written submissions. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions at para 192.

155 ASPD is not, in itself, an impulse control disorder. As Dr Cheow
described, ASPD essentially describes “having a certain personality construct
that predisposes [Ridzuan] to behave … in those ways described.” 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE 18 November 2019 at p 48, ln 20–22.

Under cross-examination, Dr Cheow explained that “individuals with antisocial
personality disorder are prone to commit the acts … described in the criteria
… of the disorder. By very definition … by virtue of having this disorder, you
do have a tendency to commit all the acts described under the various
criterion” 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE 18 November 2019 at p 53, ln 16–22.

[emphasis added]. This undermined rather than bolstered Ridzuan’s case. Dr
Cheow was explaining that ASPD was a diagnosis that was based on such conduct
but was not a disorder that could be said to cause such conduct. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE 18 November 2019 at p 61, ln 1–3.

ASPD is a characterisation of a patient’s personality, not an identification
of the cause of such conduct.

156 Bearing that in mind, I did not find any abnormality of mind, for the
following reasons:

(a) First, I did not find any evidence that his ability to understand events
was affected. The Defence did not contend as much and Dr Ung recognised that
Ridzuan did understand events. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 88, ln 1–3.

(b) Second, I did not find sufficient evidence that Ridzuan was not able to
judge between right and wrong. When the Child’s condition got worse, he did
not want to call for the ambulance as he was afraid that the police would get
involved. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

P200 at para 18: AB at p 309.

The Defence has not proven on a balance of probabilities that Ridzuan suffered
from a lack of judgment.

(c) Third, I did not find that Ridzuan’s ability to control his impulses was
so different from a normal human being’s as to be considered abnormal. First,
Ridzuan did not act out against any of his other children. Second, the
scalding incidents were the most serious attempts at discipline in a series of
escalating interventions, which were deliberate and considered, even if
ultimately excessive and criminal.

(B) IED

(I) Criteria

157 The criteria for IED in the DSM-V was not in dispute (see P233):

(a) First, there must be recurrent behavioural outbursts representing a
failure to control aggressive impulses as manifested by either of the
following (“Criterion A”):

(i) Verbal aggression (eg, temper tantrums, tirades, verbal arguments or
fights) or physical aggression toward property, animals, or other individuals,
occurring twice weekly, on average, for a period of 3 months. The physical
aggression does not result in damage or destruction of property and does not
result in physical injury to animals or other individuals (“Criterion A1”); or

(ii) Three behavioural outbursts involving damage or destruction of property
and/or physical assault involving physical injury against animals or other
individuals occurring within a 12-month period (“Criterion A2”).

(b) Second, the magnitude of aggressiveness expressed during the recurrent
outbursts is grossly out of proportion to the provocation or to any
precipitating psychosocial stressors (“Criterion B”).

(c) Third, the recurrent aggressive outbursts are not premeditated (ie, they
are impulsive and/or anger-based) and are not committed to achieve some
tangible objective (eg, money, power, intimidation) (“Criterion C”).

(d) Fourth, the recurrent aggressive outbursts cause either marked distress in
the individual or impairment in occupational or interpersonal functioning, or
are associated with financial or legal consequences (“Criterion D”).

(e) Fifth, the chronological age is at least six years (or equivalent
developmental level) (“Criterion E”).

(f) Sixth, the recurrent aggressive outbursts are not better explained by
another mental disorder and are not attributable to another medical condition
or to the physiological effects of a substance (“Criterion F”).

In this case, the only criterion not in dispute was Criterion E.

(II) Criterion A

158 Dr Ung set out the factual basis of his diagnosis at para 16 of his
report: 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

BPR at p 48.

[Ridzuan] acknowledged having “a bad temper” from his childhood manifest by
both verbal and physical aggression. He gave examples of punching the wall,
throwing household items and breaking objects such as furniture like chairs
and cups on average 1-3 times a week. He said that he would also hit his wife
up to a few times in frustration when she tried to stop him going out … He
also admitted hitting his cat … He said that after [the Child] came back to
their care, there was greater stress and his temper worsened (more frequent
episodes of aggression towards wife and children).

159 Criterion A(i) concerned a 3-month time frame, while A(ii) concerned a
12-month time frame. Dr Ung’s report did not specify a time period of time
reference. When asked, Dr Ung explained at trial that this paragraph was
intended to refer to events at around the time Ridzuan was abusing the Child,
which would be 2016\. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 53.

Because Ridzuan did not testify, the Prosecution took the view that there was
no factual basis for Dr Ung’s diagnosis, putting the Defence to proof of the
incidents of “bad temper” relied upon for the diagnosis. In an attempt to
rectify the factual gap, the Defence called a witness, Ms Norhafizah binte
Mega Abdul Rahman (“Ms Norhafizah”) (2DW2), Ridzuan’s sister, and also sought
to have two Prosecution witnesses recalled under s 283(1) of the CPC 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE 20 January 2020 at p 36, ln 5–15.

for that purpose. I agreed to recall these two witnesses, Mdm Kamsah binte
Latiff (“Mdm Kamsah”) (PW14), Ridzuan’s aunt, and Mr Nasir bin Latiff (“Mr
Nasir”) (PW15), Ridzuan’s uncle.

160 However, these witnesses did not give testimony on any specific incidents
of violence that occurred in 2016 which Dr Ung relied upon. Ms Norhafizah
categorically stated that she had no knowledge about the incidents stated at
para 16 of Dr Ung’s report. Mdm Kamsah appeared to agree that those things
happened, but her testimony was directed to incidents that occurred when
Ridzuan was at her home, not when Ridzuan was at his own home in 2016. Mr
Nasir’s evidence on the specific incidents of violence were in 2014 or 2015.
Whereas he testified that he saw Azlin crying outside the flat, he did not
witness the violence itself.

161 The Prosecution therefore took the view that Dr Ung’s report and diagnosis
of IED were not grounded on a sufficient factual basis. Moreover, they pointed
out that the additional evidence Ms Norhafizah, Mdm Kamsah and Mr Nasir were
technically irrelevant since Dr Ung had not considered these facts in making
his diagnosis. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions at para 174.

I agreed with the Prosecution. The court was dealing with the issue of whether
the expert evidence could be accepted as part of the Defence’s case that
Exception 7 applied. There was, on the Defence case, a significant
misalignment between the opinion evidence they sought to rely on and the
factual evidence that they realised (belatedly) that they had to adduce. As
seen from above, Dr Ung’s diagnosis was based on Ridzuan’s account of what had
happened in 2016 (as summarised in para 16 of his report), but this evidence
was unreliable hearsay as they were not found in Ridzuan’s own statements nor
were they testified to by other witnesses. The other witnesses testified to
various acts of violence, but Dr Ung had not considered them in his diagnosis
and it is not the court’s place to now diagnose Ridzuan on the basis of new
facts.

162 At trial, Dr Ung attempted to rationalise that there were three occasions
physical assault causing physical injury within a 12-month period by relying
on Ridzuan’s reports that he had “used a belt, used his hands, also he had
used pliers to pinch [the Child’s backside], he had punched him in the face
and he had scaled him”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 52, ln 27–28.

These were the acts of abuse for which Ridzuan was charged. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 55, ln 29–32.

For these incidents, it was clear that the criteria B, C and D were,
nevertheless, not made out.

(III) Criterion B

163 I also found that Dr Ung had not properly considered Criterion B in his
assessment. Since it was more likely than not that Dr Ung had not seen all of
Azlin’s and Ridzuan’s statements, 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 43, ln 7–9.

and he did not record Ridzuan’s account of his offences anyway in his case
notes or report, 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 46, ln 10–12.

he would not have been able to assess the events that precipitated the
violence. In the absence of such an assessment, it would have been logically
impossible for Dr Ung to arrive at a conclusion as to whether the violence was
grossly disproportionate to the provocations. When pressed, Dr Ung appeared to
claim that if any such incidents happened in a domestic context, he would
consider it to be grossly disproportionate. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 60, ln 14–18.

I could not accept this reasoning. Apart from being an over-generalisation and
suggesting that Dr Ung had not considered this issue in his diagnosis, it also
did not distinguish between gross disproportion and disproportion. I therefore
did not accept Dr Ung’s opinion that Criterion B was made out.

(IV) Criterion C

164 In my view, Dr Ung’s reasoning on Criterion C was also suspect. In cross-
examination, Dr Ung conceded that disciplining a child would be a “tangible
objective” within the meaning of Criterion C. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 64, ln 12–16.

However, Dr Ung then argued that Ridzuan’s acts were acts of reactive
violence, in that they were “[a]nger-based and not pre-planned, premeditated
with the illegal goal in mind”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 66, ln 28–31.

With respect, Dr Ung appeared to conflate the issue of premeditation and the
issue of the act being committed to achieve some tangible objective, which
Criterion C treats as two separate elements. If it is accepted that
disciplining a child or even instilling fear is a tangible objective, on the
available evidence, Ridzuan’s acts were clearly aimed at achieving a tangible
objective. As Dr Cheow testified, Criterion C means that “the aggressive
outburst should not be goal directed in nature”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE 18 November 2019 at p 13, ln 27–28.

I preferred Dr Cheow’s evidence as it appeared to be more coherent and in
keeping with the language of Criterion C.

(V) Criterion D

165 Based on the acts forming the basis of the charges, I accepted that these
were associated with legal consequences, and so I did not depart from Dr Ung’s
opinion that Criterion D was satisfied. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 71, ln 1–15.

(VI) Criterion F; conclusion on IED

166 In the circumstances, I agreed with Dr Cheow that the outbursts were
“better explained by another mental disorder”, namely ASPD. While Dr Ung was
able to refer to literature that showed that IED could co-exist with other
disorders, 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

BPR at p 85.

this had to be considered in the light of the conclusions above, since
Criterion F acted as an exclusionary criterion. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 71, ln 18–21.

Hence, it was clear that Ridzuan did not meet the criteria for IED and did not
suffer from IED.

(C) ADHD

167 Turning to Dr Ung’s diagnosis of ADHD, I was of the view that there was
insufficient evidence. Dr Cheow and Ms Leung Hoi Teng conducted interviews
with Ridzuan and did not observe any symptoms of ADHD. In particular, Ms Leung
stated that if she had observed such symptoms, she would have suggested to Dr
Cheow to conduct further neuropsychological assessment for ADHD. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 49, ln 13–16.

168 Dr Ung relied on the result of an Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale assessment,
which he conceded was only a screening tool. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE

He had recommended following up with the Conners Continuous Performance Test,
identified in his report as the requisite standard for assessment, but this
was not done. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE 29 November 2019 at p 80, ln 13–18; 2D6 para 30: BPR at p. 54.

Dr Cheow also explained that it was extremely important for Dr Ung to
ascertain and document a corroborative history of childhood symptoms,
interviewing a relative or close family member, or by obtaining school
reports. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE 18 November 2019 at p 11, ln 2–10.

This was not done. Only Ridzuan’s self-report was relied upon, for which no
factual basis was detailed in court either. I rejected this diagnosis.

(D) Hypnotic Use Disorder

169 Dr Ung’s diagnosis of Hypnotic Use Disorder was based on Ridzuan’s self-
reporting analysed against the criteria of DSM-V. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

BPR at p 56.

In his opinion, the use of benzodiazepines (“epam”) was linked with
aggression. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

BPR at p 63, para 38.

In my view, there was no factual basis for a diagnosis of hypnotic use
disorder. While Ridzuan claimed in his statement recorded on 2 May 2017 that
he “was frustrated because [he] was not on drugs”, there was no other evidence
that showed what he consumed, the rate of his consumption, and the effect that
it had on him. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

AB at p 491A.

The only other mention of substance abuse in Ridzuan’s statements was his
history of glue-sniffing, which did not coincide with the time of the
offences. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

P201 at para 57: AB at p 320.

(2) The second and third limbs

170 In respect of each of the defences advanced by Ridzuan, there was no
evidence that the aetiology of any of them fell within the prescribed list
under Exception 7 to s 300 of the Penal Code. Defence counsel was of the view
that because IED, ADHD and ASPD were “impulse control disorders which impai[r]
one’s ability to restrain [oneself] result in aggressive outbursts”, that
these would fall “squarely under the second prescribed cause, namely, an
inherent cause.” 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Ridzuan’s Reply Submissions at para 37.

There was no principled basis for this assumption, and I rejected the
contention. As for the third limb, arising from my analysis of the first limb,
there was no evidence of any impairment to consider.

(3) Conclusion on Ridzuan’s reliance on Exception 7

171 Therefore, I concluded that Ridzuan was unable to rely on Exception 7 to s
300 of the Penal Code in this case.

Summation on the charges

172 Before turning to sentencing, I summarise the offences for which Azlin and
Ridzuan have been convicted (and indicate each accused’s response to the
charges). In respect of Azlin, I found her guilty and convicted her of the
following offences:

(a) C1B1, C1B2, C1B3, and C1B4, being offences under s 326 of the Penal Code
(read with s 34 for C1B1 and C1B3). She pleaded guilty to C1B2, C1B3 and C1B4
and claimed trial to C1B1.

(b) C2, C3, C5A and C6, being offences under s 5(1) and punishable under s
5(5)(b) of the CYPA. Of these charges, the only one that Azlin disputed was
C5A. Further, at the outset of trial, Azlin indicated that she would plead
guilty to C2 and C3.

173 In respect of Ridzuan, I found him guilty and convicted him of the
following offences:

(a) D1B1 and D1B2, being offences under s 326 read with s 34 of the Penal
Code. Ridzuan pleaded guilty to these charges after they were altered and
framed respectively.

(b) D2, D3, D5, D6, D7A, D8 and D9, being offences under s 5(1) and punishable
under s 5(5)(b) of the CYPA, as well as under s 324 of the Penal Code. Ridzuan
claimed trial to each of these charges except for D7A (to which he pleaded
guilty upon amendment). However, at trial, he did not dispute liability for
any of these charges and the convictions were largely based on his own
admissions together with supporting evidence. His only dispute was with the
issue of whether the Child suffered injuries in the cat cage in respect of the
charge D9. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Ridzuan’s Reply Submissions at para 38.

174 Both Azlin and Ridzuan were acquitted of C4 and D4 respectively.

Sentences for Azlin and Ridzuan

Prosecution and defence positions

175 The positions taken on the multiple offences are summarised in table
format for ease of reference. For Azlin:

Charge| Prosecution | Defence   
---|---|---  
C1B1| 13 years’ imprisonment and 6 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning| 8
years’ imprisonment  
C1B2| 8 years’ imprisonment and 3 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning| 8
years’ imprisonment  
C1B3| Life imprisonment; alternatively, 13 years’ imprisonment and 6 months’
imprisonment in lieu of caning| 8 years’ imprisonment  
C1B4| 10 years’ imprisonment and 6 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning| 8
years’ imprisonment  
C2| 9 months’ imprisonment| 6-8 months’ imprisonment  
C3| 9 months’ imprisonment| 1 month’s imprisonment  
C5A| 1 year’s imprisonment| 6 months’ imprisonment  
C6| 1 year’s imprisonment| 8 – 12 months’ imprisonment  
Global Sentence| Life imprisonment; alternatively, 27 years’ imprisonment and
12 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning| 16 years’ imprisonment & additional
charges left to the court’s discretion  
  
176 For Ridzuan:  

Charge| Prosecution’s Position| Defence’s Position  
---|---|---  
D1B1| Life imprisonment; alternatively, 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane| 7 years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane  
D1B2| 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane| 7 years’ imprisonment
and 6 strokes of the cane  
D2| 6 months’ imprisonment| 6 months’ imprisonment  
D3| 6 months’ imprisonment| 6 months’ imprisonment  
D5| 9 months’ imprisonment| 4 weeks’ imprisonment  
D6| 9 months’ imprisonment| 2 weeks’ imprisonment  
D7A| 1 year’s imprisonment| 10 months’ imprisonment  
D8| 9 months’ imprisonment| 4 weeks’ imprisonment  
D9| 1 year’s imprisonment| 2 weeks’ imprisonment  
Global sentence| Life imprisonment; alternatively, 24 years’ imprisonment and
24 strokes of the cane| 15 years’ and 5 months’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of
the cane  
  
Necessity for deterrence and retribution

177 I start with the necessity for deterrence and retribution. The offences
here were grave. Sentencing serves the purpose of enforcing and maintaining
the values of our community as expressed in the criminal law. It was necessary
therefore that the sentences reflected the abhorrence which right-minded
members of the public would have for Azlin and Ridzuan’s conduct. As the Court
of Appeal stated in Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684
(“Kwong Kok Hing”) at [17]:

Our criminal law is, in the final analysis, the public’s expression of
communitarian values to be promoted, defended and preserved … A sentence must
therefore appropriately encapsulate, in any given context, the proper degree
of public aversion arising from the particular harmful behaviour as well as
incorporate the impact of the relevant circumstances engendering each offence.

178 The specific community interest at hand is the vulnerable child, whose
future is secured by protection in the present. A child is dependent upon his
parents for nourishment. Yet parental authority and the parent-child
relationship hold potential for abuse and severe breach of trust. A child’s
home functions as a refuge where he would seek security from the dangers of
the world. But if he is set upon there, its privacy precludes the intervention
of the state or the kindness of strangers. The protection of the child, the
lawful conduct of parents and the safety of the home are fundamental to the
well-being of society and the wellspring of its aspirations.

179 In Public Prosecutor v AFR [2011] 3 SLR 833 (“AFR”) the Court of Appeal
observed at [20]:

Society has a special interest in protecting the young from physical abuse,
particularly by those whose duty it is to care for the young under their
charge. In every case of physical abuse of a young child by a parent or
caregiver, there is gross abuse of physical disparity by the offender, which
manifests itself in the form of inhumane treatment of a vulnerable young
victim. Public interest demands the imposition of a severe sentence in this
situation: the court has to send a clear signal that offences involving
physical violence against helpless children are regarded with deep abhorrence
and will not be tolerated.

Issues of mitigation and mental condition

180 Some, albeit limited, mitigating weight was given to Azlin and Ridzuan’s
co-operation with the police. This proved to be helpful, especially for the
Abuse Charges where the medical evidence was not conclusive.

181 Moreover, I did not give any weight to the contentions of psychiatric
conditions made by both offenders. The Court of Appeal recognised in Lim Ghim
Peow v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 1287 (“Lim Ghim Peow”) at [25] that,
while the existence of a mental disorder is always a relevant factor for
sentencing, its impact “depends on the circumstances of each case, in
particular, the nature and severity of the mental disorder”. While the need
for general and specific deterrence may be given less weight if the mental
disorder is serious or has a causal connection with the offence, those
sentencing principles can be given full weight if the mental disorder is not
serious, or there is no causal relation to the offence: Lim Ghim Peow at [35]
and [36]. The issue is whether the “mental condition is such that the offender
retains substantially the mental ability or capacity to control or restrain
himself”: Public Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR 127 (“BDB”) at [72].

182 For Azlin, I found that her adjustment disorder was not such as to cause
substantial impairment or substantial diminishment of her mental
responsibility for the offences. For Ridzuan, I found no evidence of IED, ADHD
and Hypnotic Use Disorder. While the psychiatrists accepted that he was
suffering from ASPD, Dr Cheow was clear that it does not affect impulse
control and did not diminish his mental responsibility for the offences.
Therefore, for neither accused did I find that there was any mental disorder
which would diminish culpability or would prevent the need for deterrence and
retribution from being given full effect.

183 Defence counsel highlighted the difficulties that Azlin and Ridzuan faced.
Counsel for Ridzuan appeared to suggest that his relationship troubles with
his wife and the lack of finances put him under stress. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Counsel for Azlin pointed to a list of stressors, including Ridzuan’s abuse
and infidelity, the death of her grandmother and mother in quick succession,
financial difficulty, the difficulty of raising her children, and her
childhood experience of having been scalded by her parents before. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

In my view, these excuses were answered by the guidance of the Court of Appeal
in BDB ([181] supra) at [75]: “the frustrations faced by a parent or caregiver
due to his or her difficult personal circumstances can never justify or excuse
the abuse of such victims.” The duty of a parent subsists regardless of
economic and social circumstances. In any event, in this particular case, and
even more inexcusably, help was available. In particular, in the present case,
[Z], and through her husband and parents, another extended family, were able
and willing to look after the Child. Minimally, [Z] had asked for consent to a
change of the Child’s school, because of the needs of her own children; she
also offered to assume guardianship. Despite their parental duty to look to
the best interests of their child, neither parent would even sign the consent
form for a change of school. Therefore, their difficulties could not be used
to excuse their conduct. There was a viable option for assistance and by July
when the incidents of violence started, it would have become plain to both of
them that they were ill-placed to care for the Child themselves. Therefore to
attempt to rely on what would in any case not be an excuse, in this particular
case, makes a mockery of the facts.

Suitability of life imprisonment

184 The Prosecution asked for life imprisonment terms: for Azlin, in respect
of Incident 2; for Ridzuan, in respect of Incident 4. The justification was
that “the particular crime belongs to the most serious category of cases under
that offence”: Public Prosecutor v Firdaus bin Abdullah [2010] 3 SLR 225
(“Firdaus”) at [17]. The Prosecution emphasized that where accused persons
were parents of the victims, the maximum sentence was provided under the law
for betraying the ultimate relationship of trust and authority reposed in
them. Its view was that this case must be “objectively characterised as
belonging to the worst end of the scale when comparing instances of that
offence”, having regard to factors such as the “manner in which the death was
caused, the relationship between the offender and the victim, the offender’s
state of mind or the offender’s motives”: Firdaus at [17]–[18].

185 In my view, life imprisonment is different from a maximum term of years
imposed at “the worst end of the scale”. Its statutory context within the
Penal Code for offences gives it special significance. For murder, life
imprisonment is the mandatory minimum, the lesser of two sentencing options.
For cases of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, s 304(a) allows for a
sentence of life imprisonment or a term of up to 20 years where there is an
intention to cause death or bodily injury that is likely to cause death. In
that context, life imprisonment is the more serious of the two options. In
contrast, s 304(b) provides that where there is no such intention to cause
injury likely to cause death, but only knowledge that it is likely to cause
death, the maximum term is ten years (this is now 15 years’ imprisonment, as
of 1 January 2020). The fact that death is caused, is not, therefore
determinative. This distinction between 304(a) and 304(b) informs that the
mental element is of fundamental importance in the statutory provision of a
life term on a discretionary basis.

186 Even in the context of s 304(a) of the Penal Code where culpability is
high, the discretion is viewed with significance. Chan Seng Onn J in Public
Prosecutor v Aniza bte Essa [2008] 3 SLR(R) 832 (“Aniza”) expressed the view,
at [45], that “the DPP must establish that this case is one that extends
beyond the mere fact that the accused has committed a very serious and grave
offence under s 304(a) of the Penal Code, which calls for a deterrent
sentence.” Thus, for example, Chan J identified a category where “the manner
in which the defendant commits the offence is so cruel and inhumane that the
defendant does not deserve any leniency whatsoever”: Aniza bte Essa at [47],
quoted in Public Prosecutor v Barokah [2009] SGHC 46 (“Barokah”) at [68]. I
mention this category because it could be said that the facts, and my reasons
below for the sentences imposed, reveal elements of the “cruel and inhumane”.
But even Aniza, where it was not imposed, and Barokah, where it was, must be
viewed in their context of s 304(a), where intent, as I mention, is minimally
to cause bodily injury that is likely to cause death. A critical distinction
is that s 326 of the Penal Code operates within a less culpable range of
intention. Mens rea is satisfied so long as the offender knows himself to be
likely to cause grievous hurt: see s 322, Penal Code. The actus reus of
grievous hurt is similarly wide: see s 320, Penal Code.

187 The same breadth of mens rea and actus reus for grievous hurt is covered
in s 325 of the Penal Code and therefore the punishments available for ss 326
and 325 of the Penal Code should be contrasted. Section 325 has a maximum of
ten years’ imprisonment. Despite death being a form of grievous hurt under s
320(aa) applicable also to s 325, a life term is permitted in only two
particular iterations of grievous hurt where additional factors are present.
Section 326 allows for it where dangerous weapons or means are used. Section
329 permits a life term where the object was to extort property or to
facilitate the commission of another offence. Sections 325, 326 and 329 should
be considered together to discern statutory purpose. Grievous hurt, by its
definition, allows for a breadth of factual scenarios and different shades of
requisite mental element. The width of the sentencing discretion follows from
that range of factual and mental circumstances. Hence, the statutory framework
informs the court that in considering a life term under s 326 of the Penal
Code, two additional factors are important: the dangerous weapon or means
used, and the level of intention or knowledge that the offender has in using
the particular dangerous means in inflicting the particular grievous hurt.

188 Coming then to the instant case, I start with the charge. A life term
should be appropriate to the specific charge for which sentence is imposed. As
compared to a case of culpable homicide where the offence is encapsulated in a
single charge, the present case concerns multiple individual charges. Where
multiple offences are to be considered, the fundamental duty of the court is
to first ensure that each offence is addressed with an appropriate sentence:
Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 at [26]. It is
thereafter, and only thereafter, that the overall criminality of any accused
is considered in the context of the offences to arrive at a global sentence.
This approach, in my view, serves to protect an offender from too broad a
sentence.

189 In this context, a relevant consideration was that the life term was
requested for individual episodes of Incident 2 for Azlin and Incident 4 for
Ridzuan. These specific charges were framed to address “hurt which endangers
life” under s 320(h) and not “death” under s 320(aa) of the Penal Code. I
would not, however, thereby conclude that the absence of the use of s 320(aa)
in the harm specified in the charge should be determinative. Section 326
itself has no such limitation, and the court ought to look to the whole of the
circumstances. In this case, the charge was specified as such because the
medical evidence could not pinpoint which incident caused death: it was the
four incidents cumulatively that caused death. While the collective
criminality of each accused’s action deserves grave sanction, to address the
consequence of all four incidents in the sentence on one offence could be an
excessive sentence for the particular charge.

190 That said, I deal specifically with Incident 4 because it was asserted
that the Child was likely in a dire state by that juncture. Life imprisonment
was sought for Ridzuan’s actions in Incident 4 and it could have been argued
therefrom that Azlin was equally culpable for Incident 4 in view of their
common intention. If it had been proven that either or both had known how ill
the Child was, however, s 300(d) of the Penal Code would have been considered
in the context of the amendment of the charge/s, in view of Explanation 1 to s
299 and Illustration (b) of s 300. My amending their charges to proceed under
s 326 was a reflection of my findings on Azlin and Ridzuan’s states of mind.
In my view, their mens rea, which accounted for the amendment of the charges,
remained relevant here.

191 In the present case, while death eventually ensued, the accused persons
appeared at particular points not to entirely comprehend the likelihood of
death resulting from their actions. Azlin expressed surprise in her statement
that a child could die from scalding (“I did not think it would end up like
this. I was thinking it might scald him but I did not think he would die” 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

P209 at AB 523

). Ridzuan was shocked when the Child collapsed after Incident 4 (“My wife
then told me that [the Child] was very weak and both of us got very scared”
183

##### Foot Note 183

×

P200 at para 12: AB at p 308

). While these statements could be disbelieved, there were good reasons to
give them the benefit of the doubt in respect of their mental state. First,
their statements should be read as a whole, in the context in which they were
cooperating with the police, and as the premise upon which their convictions
rested. Second, Azlin had Adjustment Disorder, and Ridzuan was of low
intelligence. His adaptive functioning and range of functioning were both
poor. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

BPR at p 40

Scalding, the particular dangerous means employed here, is not obvious
evidence of an intent to cause such injury as would lead to death. Consistent
with not entirely understanding the full effect of scalding, their motive for
scalding the Child (to discipline and secure compliance from the Child) and
their responses after each incident (applying medicated oil, 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

P200 at [15]: AB at 309

bringing the Child “cold ‘McDonalds’ milo [sic]” 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

P200 at [16]: AB at 309

and applying baby powder 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

P200 at [22]: AB at 310

), were wholly inappropriate. Their final choice was to send the Child to the
hospital although they knew that serious criminal consequences would follow
for them (“I knew that if we did not send [the Child], he would die and if we
sent [the Child] to the hospital, we would die” 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

P208 at [3.3], AB 507

).

192 I should explain, for reasons of clarity, why Azlin’s Adjustment Disorder
and Ridzuan’s low functioning mattered here where elsewhere it did not. On
this specific issue, what was relevant was the mental element as proven by the
Prosecution on the criminal standard of proof for the purposes of s 326 of the
Penal Code. In the context of Exception 7, neither accused had proved any
mental abnormality. As a matter of general mitigation, neither accused was
able to show a diminution of mental responsibility for their offences of
grievous hurt. Azlin’s Adjustment Disorder did not impede her ability to make
choices, and Ridzuan had no intellectual disability. The points I mention form
no excuse for the offences upon which they were convicted. Azlin and Ridzuan
were aware of the means they employed and the dangers this posed. That was the
reason they took the Child to the hospital. However, in looking at whether
this is a worst case and deserving of a life term, the dangerous means and
their knowledge and intent in employing that means was relevant in the
statutory context. While their mental state did not impair their ability to
choose the actions that they took on each of the specific charges, there was
some distance in the connection between that and their knowledge as to the
overall consequence of death. I did not think a life term was appropriate.

Joint culpability of Azlin and Ridzuan

193 I turn to their comparative culpability, relevant in dealing with their
specific sentences. The Prosecution drew a distinction between Azlin and
Ridzuan in their recommendations in terms of the global sentence. For Azlin,
three consecutive sentences with a global sentence of 27 years’ imprisonment
and an additional 12 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning were suggested.
For Ridzuan, the global term recommended was 24 years and 24 strokes of the
cane.

194 In the present case, there was no clear indication that one parent was
more responsible, or that more mitigating factors applied in respect of one
parent. I was of the view that there should be parity between the two
offenders. Both parents had joint and equal responsibility for the wellbeing
of their child; both condoned each other’s appalling actions. The Prosecution
recommended an overall lighter sentence for Ridzuan because Azlin initiated
the second and fourth scalding incidents. I also note that she was convicted
on two additional s 326 charges. Nevertheless, it was Ridzuan who introduced a
culture of violence into the family and home, through his initial abuse of
Azlin. It was also Ridzuan who first started the violence against the child in
July, with pliers. Being the stronger partner, his use of force in each joint
offence added greater injury, for example in the incident where the Child’s
head hit the wall, his punch thereafter caused fractures of the nasal bone.
The second and fourth scalding incidents were very serious incidents and his
participation led directly to the outcome. Participation aside, the injuries
sustained called for immediate medical attention, and their repeated omission
to do so was the result of a joint parental decision. This neglect, which both
acquiesced in, was particularly cruel as the Child would have been in great
pain even from the first scalding incident. I consider that there should be
parity for the offences for which they were jointly charged, and for their
overall sentences.

195 Turning then to the sentences, I first separate them into the Scalding
Charges and the Abuse Charges for ease of analysis.

The Scalding Charges

Section 326 of the Penal Code

196 Menon CJ’s decision in Ng Soon Kim v Public Prosecutor [2019] SGHC 247
(“Ng Soon Kim”) provides a helpful guide to sentencing under s 326 of the
Penal Code by way of analogy. In that case, Menon CJ considered how to
sentence an offender under s 324 of the Penal Code, holding that the approach
was first to consider the appropriate sentence if the charge had been one
under s 323 of the Penal Code, then to apply a suitable uplift having regard
to the nature of the dangerous means used, and finally, to adjust based on the
aggravating and mitigating circumstances at play (Ng Soon Kim at [12]).
Section 324 of the Penal Code stands in relation to s 323 of the Penal Code in
the same way that s 326 stands in relation to s 325. In this case, therefore,
I first considered the appropriate sentence under s 325 of the Penal Code,
then applied a suitable uplift to account for the dangerous means used, and
then adjusted the sentence on the basis of the aggravating and mitigating
factors.

The appropriate sentences under s 325 of the Penal Code

197 By analogy with Ng Soon Kim, the first step is to consider the appropriate
sentence under s 325 of the Penal Code as an indicative starting point. For
this step, I considered the Court of Appeal’s approach to that provision in
BDB ([181] supra) at [55]. The Court of Appeal held that the court should
first consider the seriousness of the injury and to arrive at an indicative
starting sentence and then apply adjustments for culpability and aggravating
and/or mitigating factors. Since the aggravating and mitigating factors will
be considered in the third step by analogy with Ng Soon Kim, I deal only with
the issue of the seriousness of the injury in the first step. The Court of
Appeal in BDB did not set out a range of indicative starting points, but noted
that where the grievous hurt is death (under s 320(aa) of the Penal Code), the
starting point would be around eight years’ imprisonment, and where there are
multiple fractures of the nature found in BDB (viz, multiple fractures to the
left elbow, left calf and left 8th to 11th ribs), the starting point would be
around three years’ and six months’ imprisonment: BDB at [56]. As for caning,
where death is the grievous hurt in question, 12 or more strokes may be
warranted, while six to 12 strokes may be appropriate for non-fatal serious
injuries: BDB at [76].

198 The starting point under BDB is to consider the seriousness of the injury.
Death calls for a starting sentence of around eight years’ imprisonment, and
in my view, this sets a ceiling on the appropriate starting sentence when
considering “hurt which endangers life” under s 320(h) of the Penal Code which
is less serious than death (although perhaps in certain cases, only by a small
margin). The starting point of around three years’ and six months’
imprisonment for the fractures found in BDB would set the floor. The injuries
in this case, given their severity and the pain caused to the Child, would lie
between those two starting points. After considering the indicative sentence,
I also considered the culpability of the accused persons in relation to each
incident and adjusted the sentences accordingly.

199 The Prosecution submitted that the starting sentences for Incident 1 ought
to be three and half years’ imprisonment, for Incident 2, between eight and
ten years’ imprisonment, for Incident 3, five years’ imprisonment, and for
Incident 4, eight to ten years’ imprisonment. Counsel for Azlin did not
provide submissions on this step of the framework. Counsel for Ridzuan argued
that the starting point for the sentences should be only slightly higher than
three years’ and six months’ imprisonment and six to 12 strokes of the cane.
189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Ridzuan’s Written Submissions on Sentence at para 44.

This position would, however, fail to account for the higher severity of the
injuries in this case arising out of the various incidents, compared to the
fractures in BDB.

200 I turn then to each incident of scalding. Incident 1 was the first
scalding incident. It was life-threatening but appeared less serious than the
later incidents. In the light of the injuries, a starting sentence of around
four years’ imprisonment was appropriate. As for caning, a sentence of eight
strokes of the cane was warranted: see BDB ([181] supra) at [76].

201 Incident 2 involved an escalation of violence. In Incident 2, hot water
was splashed on a larger surface area, affecting the Child’s face, chest, arms
and leg. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

P207 at para 1.46: AB at p 501

The effects of Incident 2 were also severe. The Child would have been in
intense pain as the resultant partial thickness burns would have left the
nerves intact, allowing him to fully experience pain and suffering. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE 12 November 2019 at p 68, ln 20–23.

These injuries would also have made the Child more susceptible to a variety of
ailments, including hypothermia, dehydration, and infection, and all three of
these were present on the Child’s arrival at hospital. Both Azlin and Ridzuan
participated and both contributed to the injuries. A starting sentence of
around eight years’ imprisonment was appropriate for both Azlin and Ridzuan.
12 strokes of the cane would be appropriate for this incident, given the
severity of the violence involved.

202 In Incident 3 Azlin acted alone. The injuries could not be specified with
certainty, but it was sufficiently clear that the scalding would have caused
further injuries and aggravated existing injuries. While the incident was
shorter than the second incident and extent of injuries not as discernible,
the Child was already unwell. The repetition of violence in this context is
important. The same starting sentence of eight years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane would be applicable.

203 Incident 4 led directly to the Child’s collapse. Ridzuan attacked him with
a broom and then hot water. Although it was Ridzuan who physically abused the
Child in this instance, their common intention was plain. Azlin was the one
who called his attention to the task. She was aware of what he would do and
did do. The attack was vicious and brutal when the Child was so ill that he
was unresponsive. A starting sentence of nine years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane was appropriate.

Adjustment for the use of dangerous means

204 Regarding the uplift to be applied to account for the dangerous means
used, Menon CJ expressly considered that the potential harm that could result
from the means used should be accounted for in the uplift: Ng Soon Kim ([196]
supra) at [12]. In that case, Menon CJ had occasion to consider the
appropriate uplift for the use of a “lighter, coupled with a flammable
aerosol” (Ng Soon Kim at [15]), and noted that (1) this was not on the “high
end of serious culpability”, (2) it would have caused alarm to others, (3) it
had the potential for greater harm if the surroundings had caught on fire, and
(4) the offence took place at a busy road intersection and could have given
rise to public alarm: Ng Soon Kim at [16]. An uplift of six months’
imprisonment was imposed. It can be seen, therefore, that the analysis of the
appropriate uplift is fact-centric and pays close attention to the nature of
the means used in the context of the specific offence, with due regard to the
potential harm as well.

205 I begin by noting that in applying Ng Soon Kim by analogy, the potential
uplift between s 323 and s 324, on the one hand, and between s 325 and s 326,
on the other hand, is generally the same, subject to one key difference. In
terms of imprisonment, the difference between the maximum punishments for s
324 and s 323 is five years’ imprisonment (the difference between seven and
two), which is the same difference between the maximum punishments for s 325
and s 326 (the difference between 15 and ten). However, s 326 differs in that
there is the possibility of imposing a life sentence for the most serious
range of cases. In this case, as I have declined to impose the sentence of
life imprisonment, the maximum difference between s 325 and s 326 would be
five years’ imprisonment.

206 In my judgment, an appropriate uplift was two years’ imprisonment in this
case. First, the water used in this case was all above 70℃ in temperature (see
[69] above), and it was not disputed that substances with temperatures above
70℃ would cause mid to deep dermal burns, 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 16, ln 28–30.

even for minimal contact, as when water is splashed. Second, water is
difficult to control and would be more dangerous given that it could lead to
greater surface areas being affected, which would, in turn, result in more
serious injuries and consequences. Third, it was relevant to consider that
this water was used against the Child, who was five years old at the material
time. A child, with thinner skin, 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 22, ln 10–12.

would be disproportionately affected by the use of such means. The same
substance would cause deeper burns on a child than it would to an adult. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NE 16 November 2019 at p 16, ln 26–27.

Fourth, I also considered how the heated substance was used in this case.
While this overlaps with the same facts that went to culpability, my focus
here is on the fact that this was indiscriminate throwing of water onto the
child which affected vulnerable parts of the body (including the face and
genitals 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Medical Report dated 1 November 2016 (P166): AB at p 117.

) and which involved a not insignificant volume of water. This exceptionally
cruel and painful use of a dangerous means is readily available in many
households. This, in my view, made it all the more important to send a
deterrent message and a clear condemnation of the use of these means in the
context of discipline and against children. An uplift of two years’
imprisonment was appropriate, recognising both the maximum uplift of five
years’ imprisonment (for more serious and harmful means) and the need for the
court to consider the full range of sentences: Poh Boon Kiat v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 892 at [60]. In view of the significant number of
strokes of the cane indicated under s 325 of the Penal Code and there being
more than one charge under s 326 of the Penal Code in this case, I did not
consider it necessary to include a further uplift to the number of strokes of
the cane at this stage.

Aggravating and mitigating factors

207 The primary aggravating factors in this case were dealt with at
[177]–[179].

208 In the specific context of these charges, the joint action would also have
been terrifying for the young Child. This follows from the Court of Appeal’s
observation in BDB ([181] supra) at [68]: “In cases where two or more
offenders assault a defenceless child together, the sentence imposed on the
offenders should be adjusted upwards to reflect their higher culpability.”
This joint violence made it easier to inflict deeper injury, but, taking a
common sense approach, would have multiplied the trauma experienced.

209 Finally, an aggravating factor for Incident 4 was the mutual prevarication
in seeking medical attention, and the jointly fabricated narrative of the
kettle accident used at the hospital. Prior to going to a relative’s house
with the Child to seek help, Ridzuan told Azlin to lie about the injuries and
to say that the Child had accidentally pulled on the kettle’s electrical cord
and had water splashed on him. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

P206 at para 10: AB at p 333E.

When they brought the Child to the emergency room, Ridzuan told the nursing
staff that he was disciplining the Child when the Child accidentally pulled on
the kettle, splashing hot water on himself. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

P200 at para 25: AB at p 311.

Ridzuan repeated this story to the police officers who first spoke with him.
198

##### Foot Note 198

×

P200 at para 30: AB at p 312.

In my view, this was aggravating for two reasons. First, this was an attempt
to deceive the authorities and to hide the commission of the offence: Vasentha
d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 at [69]. Second, in the
context of reporting to the hospital, this deception would have added to the
confusion surrounding the Child’s true condition. I do not mean to say that
there is concrete evidence that the treatment may have gone differently if the
lie had not been told, but I found it aggravating that even in trying to get
help for their Child, the accused persons preferred their own interests rather
than trying to assist the medical staff to get a full understanding of the
Child’s condition. The fact that he had been suffering from burns for a few
days (up to a week) would surely have been relevant and ought to have been
disclosed. The failure to do so, in my view, should be met with an uplift in
the sentences.

210 As for mitigating factors, I have already identified them above at
[180]–[183]. On these charges, I gave some credit for the fact that for
Incidents 1, 2, and 3, Azlin chose to indicate that she would plead guilty
after the charges were amended, and Ridzuan did the same for Incidents 2 and
4. But my having amended the charges would have indicated that convictions
would have followed, in any event.

211 Considering all of these factors, I imposed a further uplift of two years’
imprisonment for Incidents 1, 2 and 3. An uplift of three years was used for
Incident 4 because of the delay in seeking medical assistance and the
obfuscation practiced on arrival at the hospital. In arriving at these
uplifts, I took reference from the fact that the Court of Appeal in BDB ([181]
supra) had imposed an uplift of one years’ imprisonment for the s 325 charge
relating to the victim’s death, to account for “(a) the [accused’s] position
as the mother of [the victim]; (b) the extreme youth of [the victim]; (c) the
viciousness of the violence inflicted; and (d) the extended period of time
over which the events on 1 August 2014 unfolded”: BDB at [124]. With the
greater maximum sentence for s 326 of the Penal Code, it was principled to
provide for a more substantial uplift in this case. Such an approach would
reflect the full spectrum of sentencing.

212 Azlin, as a female, cannot be caned: s 325(1)(a) of the CPC. In Amin bin
Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 904 (“Amin”) at [59], it was
recognised that the need to compensate for the deterrent and retributive
effect of caning, as well as to maintain parity among co-offenders would be
factors which warrant enhancement of the sentence. With regards to deterrence,
this is especially so where the potential offenders in the same situation
would know that they would be exempt from caning, and this is likely to be so
for those exempt because of gender: Amin at [66]–[67]. This was so in the
present case. Given the importance of retribution as a sentencing principle in
such cases, I considered an enhancement to be appropriate: see also BDB at
[127]. There was also the need to maintain parity with Ridzuan: Amin at [74].
I did not see any countervailing reason why enhancement should not be imposed.

213 According to the guidance given in Amin at [90], where between seven to 12
strokes are avoided, an enhancement of three to six months’ imprisonment would
be appropriate. For the offences where Azlin avoided eight strokes, I imposed
an enhancement of three months’ imprisonment. For the offences where she would
otherwise have faced 12 strokes, I imposed an enhancement of six months’
imprisonment. I noted that in the round, she would have been caned a total of
24 times, and that it would be preferable if the enhanced sentences did not
then exceed the total of 24 strokes. Given my conclusions on the appropriate
consecutive sentences (see [237] below), however, this did not become an
issue.

214 Accordingly, the sentences ordered for Azlin and Ridzuan were as follows:

(a) Incident 1 (C1B2): For Azlin, eight years’ imprisonment and three months’
imprisonment in lieu of caning;

(b) Incident 2 (D1B2 and C1B3): For Ridzuan, 12 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane. For Azlin 12 years’ imprisonment and six months’
imprisonment in lieu of caning;

(c) Incident 3 (C1B4): For Azlin 12 years’ imprisonment and six months’
imprisonment in lieu of caning; and

(d) Incident 4 (D1B1 and C1B1): For Ridzuan, 14 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane. For Azlin, 14 years’ imprisonment and six months’
imprisonment in lieu of caning.

Abuse Charges

215 I turn now to the remaining Abuse Charges. I address these offences in
roughly chronological order.

D2 and D3

216 The first two offences were D2 and D3, committed by Ridzuan in July 2016.
In these offences, Ridzuan had used a pair of pliers to pinch the Deceased’s
buttocks and the back of his thighs respectively, causing bruises where the
Deceased had been pinched. Ridzuan used these pliers to punish and to threaten
the Child. These offences were under s 5(1) of the CYPA punishable under s
5(5)(b), which carries a maximum punishment of a $4,000 fine or imprisonment
not exceeding four years, or to both.

217 Having reviewed the authorities relating to s 5(1) of the CYPA and the
legislative history behind the increased punishments introduced in 2001 for s
5(5)(b) of the CYPA, the Court of Appeal noted in BDB ([181] supra) at [86]:

We observe that in the relevant precedents cited by the parties that involved
physical violence to children or young persons, the courts invariably imposed
a term of imprisonment of at least six months for offences prosecuted under s
5 of the CYPA. We also note that in general, offenders who wilfully inflict
injury on a child or young person may be regarded as being more culpable than
offenders who act unreasonably in doing so, and should therefore receive
harsher sentences than the latter category of offenders: see PP v Kusrini bte
Caslan Arja [2017] SGHC 94 at [7] … [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis
added in bold]

218 This accords with the sentencing principles that apply when the court
sentences for child abuse. An uncompromising stance against such offences can
be represented by an approach to sentencing that takes as a benchmark a
sentence of around six months’ imprisonment, even before considering the
variations in the specific characteristics of the abuse in question.
Regardless of how the abuse is carried out, it should be met swiftly with an
uncompromising response to reflect society’s condemnation of such conduct.
Given the nature of s 5(1) of the CYPA, the sentencing principles articulated
above at [178] for child abuse offences are always in play when this provision
is involved.

219 The Prosecution sought sentences of six months’ imprisonment for each of
these charges. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions on Sentence at para 69.

Counsel for Ridzuan agreed with that position. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Ridzuan’s Written Submissions on Sentence at para 54.

I saw no reason to depart from the starting point of six months’ imprisonment,
and imposed that sentence for each of the two charges, D2 and D3, accordingly.

C2 and C3

220 I turn to Azlin’s offences in August 2016. Charge C2 was under s 5(1)
punishable under s 5(5)(b) of the CYPA for hitting the Child with a broom on
his body, back, and legs. Azlin admitted that she had “hit him quite hard on
his legs” 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

P 207 at para 1.38: AB at p 499

and that the Child began limping as a result, and his knee cap was misaligned.
For this offence, the Prosecution sought a sentence of at least nine months’
imprisonment, while the Defence sought a sentence of between six and eight
months’ imprisonment. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Azlin’s Written Submissions on Sentence at p 6.

This was the first offence and mitigatory value could be given to her
admissions. I ordered a term of six months’ imprisonment.

221 Charge C3 involved Azlin pushing the Child, causing him to fall and hit
his head on the edge of a pillar, resulting in bleeding. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

P207 at para 1.39: AB at p 500.

I note that in BDB itself, the Court of Appeal left undisturbed a sentence of
six months’ imprisonment where the accused had pushed the victim and the
victim had fallen and hit his head. This fact scenario was virtually
indistinguishable from the that charge in BDB. The Prosecution sought a
sentence of nine months’ imprisonment on the basis that the Court of Appeal
had left the sentence undisturbed in the absence of evidence, while in this
case, there was evidence of the extent of injury in the form of the T-shaped
laceration on the vertex of the Child’s head. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions on Sentence at para 61.

However, in my view, it was not appropriate to attribute that injury directly
to this offence, since Dr Chan’s evidence at trial was that the injury “might
or could have been” from this incident, “[b]ut it could also be something that
has healed and not [sic] be seen”. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 40, ln 3–14.

Counsel for Azlin argued, on the other hand, that no injury could be
attributed to the push and the fall. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Azlin’s Written Submissions on Sentence at para 77.

This was also incorrect, as it was clear that a wound resulting in bleeding
was caused. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

P207 at para 1.39: AB at p 500.

I saw no reason to depart from the starting point and from the sentence in
BDB. Therefore, I imposed a sentence of six months’ imprisonment for C3.

D5, D6 and D8

222 Charges D5 and D8 related to the use of a heated spoon on the Child’s
palm. These were charges under s 324 of the Penal Code. As described by Menon
CJ in Ng Soon Kim ([196] supra) at [12], the approach was first to consider
the appropriate sentence if the charge had been one under s 323 of the Penal
Code, then to apply a suitable uplift having regard to the nature of the
dangerous means used, and finally, to adjust based on the aggravating and
mitigating circumstances at play. The Prosecution urged the court to sentence
Ridzuan to nine months’ imprisonment per charge, while counsel for Ridzuan
argued that sentences of four weeks’ imprisonment per charge were sufficient.

223 In the first step, I considered the sentencing framework for s 323 of the
Penal Code for a first-time offender who pleads guilty: Low Song Chye v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 5 SLR 526 at [77], reproduced as follows:

Band| Hurt caused| Indicative sentencing range  
---|---|---  
1| Low harm: no visible injury or minor hurt such as bruises, scratches, minor
lacerations or abrasions| Fines or short custodial term up to four weeks  
2| Moderate harm: hurt resulting in short hospitalization or a substantial
period of medical leave, simple fractures, or temporary or mild loss of a
sensory function| Between four weeks’ to six months’ imprisonment  
3| Serious harm: serious injuries which are permanent in nature and/or which
necessitate significant surgical procedures| Between six to 24 months’
imprisonment  
  
224 I begin with the hurt caused. The Prosecution asserted that the injury was
serious. I recognised that Dr Kang testified that if a heated spoon had been
placed on the palm causing a blister, this would have been a partial thickness
burn. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

NE 15 November 2019 at p 10, ln 7–9.

However, Dr Chan also testified that it was not possible to identify which
burns were due to the later scalding incidents and which would have been
caused by the spoon. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NE 13 November 2019 at p 40, ln 15–25.

Given this equivocation in the Prosecution’s evidence, I concluded that there
would have been a blister and a partial thickness burn, but the extent of the
injury was not known. I placed this at the lower end of Band 2, giving an
indicative sentence of around four weeks’ imprisonment simply based on the
hurt caused. In the second step, I noted that the use of a heated spoon was
serious for the pain that it would cause, and also had the potential for
greater harm if it had been pressed against the Child’s hand for any longer
period of time, given its nature as a heated substance. An uplift of around
three months’ imprisonment would have been warranted, less than that given in
Ng Soon Kim because the risk to third parties and potential harm overall was
lower. Third, I considered the aggravating factors in this case. Here, I noted
that the Child was only five years old, that this offence was an abuse of the
trust given to Ridzuan as the Child’s father, and that this was part of a
continuing abusive relationship. A further uplift of around five months’
imprisonment would have been warranted. In my judgment, a sentence of nine
months’ imprisonment each was therefore justified for D5 and D8.

225 Charge D6 was under s 5(1) of the CYPA. Ridzuan had flicked ashes from a
lit cigarette onto the Child’s arm and used a hanger to hit him on the palm.
Counsel for Ridzuan sought a sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment, while the
Prosecution sought a sentence of 9 months’ imprisonment. I agreed with the
Prosecution. This offence should be seen in its context of the preceding
offences of bullying and intimidation. The heat from the ash, similar to a
heated spoon, would have been painful and terrifying. The indiscriminate and
arbitrary use of ordinary household items would increase the psychological
trauma for the Child.

C5A and D7A

226 I turn to perhaps the most egregious of the offences in this category.
Azlin and Ridzuan were angry at the Child and scolding him. Azlin pushed him,
and falling, he hit his head on the wall, resulting in bleeding from his head.
Ridzuan then gave a “very hard punch” on the Child’s nose. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

P200 at para 42: AB at p 315.

Azlin noted that the Child was missing two front teeth and that his nose was
flat as a result. I further noted that Dr Chan had observed lacerations on the
upper lip, comminuted fractures of the nasal bone, and fractures of the
alveolar process of the maxilla. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

P169: AB at p 54.

These could only be attributed to this instance since the other acts of abuse
were not directed at the Child’s face. These acts were charged under s 5(1)
punishable under s 5(5)(b) of the CYPA.

227 The Prosecution submitted for sentences of at least one year’s
imprisonment for both Azlin and Ridzuan. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions on Sentence at para 64.

Counsel for Ridzuan sought a sentence of ten months’ imprisonment, 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Ridzuan’s Written Submissions on Sentence at para 55.

while counsel for Azlin sought a sentence of six months’ imprisonment. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Azlin’s Written Submissions on Sentence at p 6.

228 In the case of Mohd Iskandar bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor MA 187/1998
(cited in Firdaus ([184] supra) at [23] and Public Prosecutor v BDB [2016] 5
SLR 1232 at [12]), the accused had punched one of his children on the cheeks
and beat the other child with a belt buckle until it broke off. He also kicked
the latter in the head, causing a temporary loss of consciousness. The accused
pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months’ imprisonment per charge. In
Firdaus, Chan CJ upheld a sentence of one years’ imprisonment where the
accused had punched the child with “great force”: at [3], on the basis that it
was a “one-off instance of abuse”: Firdaus at [24]. In my judgment, a sentence
of a year’s imprisonment would be appropriate. In this instance, fractures
were caused to the Child. Further, this was a group assault, where both father
and mother assaulted the Child, who was utterly defenceless: BDB ([181] supra)
at [68] (in the context of s 325 of the Penal Code, but the principle remains
the same here). As both Azlin and Ridzuan were involved at the same time and
these acts were done in furtherance of their common intention, and given my
observations on their joint responsibility as parents, I did not find it
appropriate to distinguish between them in terms of sentence. A sentence of
one years’ imprisonment each was therefore appropriate for C5A and D7A.

C6 and D9

229 I turn finally to charges C6 and D9, in which Azlin and Ridzuan put the
Child into a cat cage. The Prosecution submitted that sentences of one year’s
imprisonment were appropriate, 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Prosecution’s Written Submissions on Sentence at para 67.

while Azlin’s counsel sought a sentence of between eight to twelve months, 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Azlin’s Written Submissions on Sentence at p 7.

and Ridzuan’s counsel argued that two weeks’ imprisonment was sufficient. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Ridzuan’s Written Submissions on Sentence at para 56.

230 Counsel for Ridzuan argued that “[the Child] had a fan in front of him and
could watch the television”. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

I mention this here only as an example of how submissions which demean the
suffering of victims are inappropriate.

231 For these charges, there were multiple factors at play. Physical injury
was caused to the Child (see [49] above). These followed upon earlier
injuries, which increased his suffering: because of the earlier scalding which
denuded his skin, when he was inside the cat cage, he complained of being
cold. The cat cage itself was not large enough for him to stand upright or lie
stretched out, except diagonally. He was locked into the cage and let out to
be fed. This would have been a terrible experience for the Child, both
physically uncomfortable and injurious as well as degrading. He was in the
cage for approximately 11 hours in total. In my judgment, this act of abuse
called for significant sentence. While the hurt was not as significant as in
C5A/D7A, s 5(1) of the CYPA was broader than a hurt offence like s 323 of the
Penal Code and, in my view, the nature of the ill-treatment could encompass
the various factors above beyond physical injury. I sentenced Azlin and
Ridzuan to one year’s imprisonment for their respective charges.

The aggregate sentence

232 Having determined the appropriate sentence for each offence, the next
consideration is how the individual sentences should run together. As Menon CJ
summarised in Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799
(“Raveen”) at [98(b)]:

In this regard, the starting point of the analysis is whether the offences are
unrelated and this is determined by considering whether they involve a single
invasion of the same legally protected interest … As a general rule, sentences
for unrelated offences should run consecutively, while sentences for offences
that form part of a single transaction should run concurrently, subject to the
requirement in s 307(1) of the CPC. If there is a mix of related and unrelated
offences, the sentences for those offences that are unrelated should generally
run consecutively with one of the sentences for the related offences … This
general rule may be departed from so long as the sentencing court applies its
mind to consider whether this is appropriate and explains its reasons for
doing so. Statutory provisions may also abridge the operation of the general
rule … [citations omitted; emphasis added]

233 In the present case, each of the charges is for a distinct act of abuse.
As noted by Menon CJ in Seng Foo Building Construction Pte Ltd v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 3 SLR 201 at [66], the court may consider such factors as
“proximity in time, proximity of purpose, proximity of location of the
offences, continuity of design and unity (or diversity of the protected
interests)”, but ultimately, the determination is “one of common sense”. The
distinct and episodic nature of the separate acts, in the context of their
proximity, should be adequately reflected in how the offences are
characterised.

Unrelated precedents relating to death from abuse

234 Before I come to the overall sentence imposed in this case, I first
distinguish various precedents cited where lower sentences were imposed for
death to children. A few concerned s 304(b) of the Penal Code where the
prevailing statutory maximum was at the time ten years’ imprisonment (although
it has been increased to 15 years’ imprisonment since 1 January 2020): AFR
([179] supra); Public Prosecutor v Mohd Ismail bin Abdullah @ Nai Henry HC/CC
37/1994; Public Prosecutor v Devadass s/o Suppaiyah HC/CC 41/1997. Counsel for
Ridzuan cited the global sentences in BDB ([181181] supra) and Firdaus ([184]
supra), which were 14 years’ and six months’ imprisonment and 12 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane respectively, to argue that the
sentence should not be significantly greater than either of these global
sentences. Firdaus may be distinguished on the basis that s 325 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) had a maximum imprisonment term of seven years. It
was therefore not a helpful authority. BDB also concerned a s 325 of the Penal
Code involving death, for which charge a sentence of nine years’ and six
months’ imprisonment was imposed: BDB at [128], while the present case
concerned multiple offences under s 326 of the Penal Code.

235 In my view, a direct comparison with these cases was not helpful. First,
different provisions were used, with different statutory maximum sentences.
The number and severity of charges were also wholly different. These were far
more severe for the case at hand. Secondly, sentencing is highly fact-
specific, and the factual context in those cases were wholly different from
the one at hand. While each may have resulted in death eventually, that fact
alone was part of a wider factual matrix. Thus, for culpable homicide, for
example, the Court of Appeal cautioned in Lim Ghim Peow ([181] supra) at [55]
that “comparisons with the sentences imposed in individual cases are of
limited utility, given the wide variety of circumstances in which offences of
culpable homicide are committed” and referred to the observation of the Court
of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Tan Kei Loon Allan [1998] 2 SLR(R) 679 at
[33] that sentencing for culpable homicide should, for the same reason, remain
a matter within the trial judge’s discretion and be left to be determined on
the facts of each particular case. This rationale applies with greater force
to s 326 of the Penal Code which has a even wider range of circumstances.

The consecutive sentences

236 In Shouffee ([188] supra), Menon CJ stated at [81(j)] that in exceptional
cases, a particular public interest may make it appropriate to impose more
than two sentences consecutively. The particular public interest relevant in
the present case has been detailed at [178]. The Prosecution submitted that
this was appropriate for Azlin. I was of the view that it was also
additionally appropriate for Ridzuan. The abuse lasted some four months, was
repeated and escalated with each incident. In particular, after the second
scalding incident, it was wholly inexcusable that the parents did not secure
urgent and immediate medical attention.

237 In my view, justice was best served by running consecutively the following
three sentences for these offences committed jointly by Azlin and Ridzuan,
which I set out here in their chronological order:

(a) For the second scalding incident (charges C1B3 and D1B2 respectively): 12
years imprisonment for each accused. For Ridzuan, 12 strokes of the cane. For
Azlin, six months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning.

(b) For the cat cage incident (charges C6 and D9 respectively), which I
consider extremely cruel, given the size of the cage, the exposed wiring and
the size of the child: one year’s imprisonment for each accused.

(c) For the fourth scalding incident (charges C1B1 and D1B1 respectively): 14
years’ imprisonment for each accused. For Ridzuan, 12 strokes of the cane. For
Azlin, six months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning.

238 The total sentence for Azlin was therefore 27 years’ imprisonment and an
additional 12 months’ imprisonment in lieu of caning. This was the total
sentence that the Prosecution advanced for Azlin in the event that I disagreed
with a life term. For Ridzuan, the total term of imprisonment was 27 years,
and 24 strokes of the cane were ordered. In terms of parity, this was the
equivalent sentence for Ridzuan.

239 In so deciding, I was of the view that the total sentence was not
disproportionate to the culpability of Azlin or Ridzuan, as cautioned in
Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [25]. I
was also mindful of the totality principle enunciated in Shouffee, that the
aggregate sentence must not be crushing or out of step with the offender’s
past record and future prospects (see Shouffee at [54] and [57]). Both
offenders were 28 years of age at time of sentencing. I was of the view that
the aggregate sentence was proportionate to the offenders’ overall
criminality, and not crushing.

The concurrent sentences

240 The terms of imprisonment for the remaining sentences were ordered to run
concurrently.

Conclusion

241 In the result, I sentenced Ridzuan to a total term of 27 years’
imprisonment, and 24 strokes of the cane. Azlin was sentenced to a term of 27
years’ imprisonment, and an additional 12 months’ imprisonment in lieu of
caning.

242 For Azlin, the specific sentences for which terms of imprisonment were to
run consecutively were therefore as follows:

(a) C1B3 (Incident 2): 12 years’ imprisonment and six months’ imprisonment in
lieu of caning;

(b) C6: one year’s imprisonment; and

(c) C1B1 (Incident 4): 14 years’ imprisonment and six months’ imprisonment in
lieu of caning.

243 Terms of the imprisonment for the following offences were ordered to run
concurrently with the above:

(a) C1B2: eight years’ imprisonment and three months’ imprisonment in lieu of
caning;

(b) C1B4: 12 years’ imprisonment, and six months’ imprisonment in lieu of
caning;

(c) C2: six months’ imprisonment;

(d) C3: six months’ imprisonment; and

(e) C5A: one year’s imprisonment.

244 For Ridzuan, the specific sentences for which terms of imprisonment were
to run consecutively were as follows:

(a) D1B2 (Incident 2): 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane;

(b) D9: one year’s imprisonment; and

(c) D1B1 (Incident 4): 14 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

245 Terms of the imprisonment for the following offences were ordered to run
concurrently with the above:

(a) D2: six months’ imprisonment;

(b) D3: six months’ imprisonment;

(c) D5: nine months’ imprisonment;

(d) D6: nine months’ imprisonment;

(e) D7A: one year’s imprisonment; and

(f) D8: nine months’ imprisonment.

246 Ridzuan’s term of imprisonment was backdated to the date of his remand,
being 24 October 2016. For the same reason, Azlin’s term of imprisonment was
backdated to 27 October 2016.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Tan Wen Hsien, Daphne Lim and Li Yihong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Thangavelu (Trident Law Corporation), Tan Li-Chern Terence (Robertson Chambers
LLC) and Ng Huiling Cheryl (Intelleigen Legal LLC) for the first accused;

Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam and Syazana Yahya (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for
the second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

