Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 3

Civil Appeal No 133 of 2019

Between

UYQ  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

UYP  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of HCF/Divorce Transferred No 45 of 2017

Between

UYP  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

UYQ  
---  
  
… Defendant

ex Tempore judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UYQ

  

v

  

UYP

[2020] SGCA 3

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 133 of 2019  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
29 January 2020

29 January 2020

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in relation to the division of matrimonial assets in UYP v UYQ [2019] SGHCF 16
(“the GD”). There is much in the Judge’s decision that provides food for legal
thought, not least because the principles stated therein come from the pen (or
perhaps more appropriately in this modern age, keyboard) of a judge who is
simultaneously one of the leading scholars in the field. Many of these issues
undoubtedly warrant careful consideration, preferably by a full bench of five
judges. However, we do take the opportunity to affirm the Judge’s observations
as to the manner in which the structured approach enunciated by this court in
ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 ought to be applied. Indeed, we pause to note,
parenthetically, that the parties do not (correctly, in our view) take issue
with these observations as such.

2 Turning to the Judge’s observations, at the most general level, it is of the
first importance to note that the rules and principles of law in any given
field are not – and cannot be – writ in stone. To require otherwise would be a
recipe for legal disaster. This point is of especial importance in the field
of family law, as correctly pointed out by the Judge. The Judge had stated
that the division of matrimonial assets pursuant to s 112(1) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) “must be made in the context of
family law principles”, as opposed to principles transplanted from other areas
of the law (see the GD at [60]). A context specific approach makes practical
sense. As the Judge was at pains to emphasise, due to the very nature of the
task required of the court, it is “an impossible exercise” to attempt to take
every detailed record of the marriage into account – all the more so where
long marriages are concerned. Indeed, the nature of a marriage stands in stark
contrast to a cold commercial relationship, where parties generally keep a
close and calculative eye on each other. Attempting to dredge up every record
is futile because human memory is fallible, and also constitutes an exercise
in obfuscation, when viewed against the tendency for parties to try to locate
every detail in their favour in the aftermath of a marriage breakdown.

3 All these considerations mean that a rigid, mechanistic and overly-
arithmetical application of the structured approach in ANJ v ANK must be
assiduously avoided.

(a) As we had emphasised in ANJ v ANK, it was never the intention of this
court to have the structured approach apply in this manner or to replace the
broad brush approach. We repeat and affirm our observations at [25] of ANJ v
ANK: “[W]e do not pretend to be scientific. The broad brush is in no way
replaced as we recognise all too clearly that in any marriage many things are
done unrecorded – out of love, concern and responsibility – and not with the
view to building up a case in the event the marriage fails. It would be a sad
day for the institution of marriage if parties were to enter into a marriage
with a mental outlook of tracking their contributions towards the marriage”.

(b) We affirm the Judge’s view that a rigid and calculative approach does not
“accord with the aspirations of the family justice system to enable the
harmonious resolution of family disputes and for the parties to continue
family life after divorce in the most dignified manner possible”. As she
eloquently put it, “[t]he family justice system does not belittle the pain
that often overshadows the joy experienced in the days before the marriage was
broken; but it does exhort parties to reach deep to find a way forward” (see
the GD at [61] and [66]).

4 In our view, it would assist the parties to find a way forward and put this
painful chapter of their lives behind them by focusing on the major details as
opposed to every conceivable detail under the sun. We caveat that this does
not mean parties should swing to the other extreme by being remiss in
submitting the relevant records. Put simply, there ought to be reasonable
accounting rigour that eschews flooding the court with details that would
obscure rather than illuminate. Henceforth, therefore, courts should
discourage parties from applying the ANJ v ANK approach in a rigid and
calculative manner. Parties would do well to understand that such an approach
detracts from their respective cases instead of enhancing them. And in extreme
situations where the court’s time and resources have been wasted in a wholly
disproportionate manner, a party may face sanctions in the form of the
appropriate costs orders.

5 Turning to the facts of the present appeal, the Judge, applying the ANJ v
ANK approach, arrived at a 67.5:32.5 division in favour of the appellant.
However, she then adjusted the ratio downwards in favour of the respondent,
arriving, finally, at a 60:40 division in favour of the appellant. It appears
that the Judge made this (significant) downward adjustment based on the length
of the marriage coupled with her view that, in long Dual-Income marriages,
there should be an inclination towards equal division (see the GD at [52] and
[106]). Even if an inclination towards equal division applied generally to
long Dual-Income marriages (a point which we do not come to a definitive
conclusion on in this appeal), regard must nevertheless be had to the precise
facts and circumstances of the case since even an inclination towards equal
division is, ex hypothesi, not one that is writ in legal stone. Whilst we had
stated in NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (at [29]) that “it is paramount that
courts do not focus merely on a direct and indirect contributions dichotomy in
arriving at a just and equitable division of matrimonial assets”, this
observation was made in the context of the need to have regard to the (non-
exhaustive) list of factors in s 112(2) of the Act (“s 112(2)”) as well.
Looked at in this light, it appears that the factors stated in s 112(2) had
already been taken into account by the Judge. Having regard to all the facts
and circumstances of this case, we are of the view that the (initial)
67.5:32.5 division in favour of the appellant was correct. We emphasise that
this is not a mere mechanistic application of the structured approach in ANJ v
ANK. This was a case where, having regard to the appellant’s considerable
contributions overall, this was a just and equitable division of the parties’
matrimonial assets. We therefore allow the appeal and divide the matrimonial
assets in the ratio of 67:33 (rounded down from 67.5:32.5) in favour of the
appellant.

6 We will now hear the parties on the issue of costs.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Anamah Tan and Rebecca Vathanasin (Ann Tan & Associates)  
for the appellant;  
Chettiar Kamalarajan Malaiyandi and Ting Shi Jie Cyril  
(Rajan Chettiar LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

