Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 202

Originating Summons No 1424 of 2019

Between

(1)| Yeo Sok Hoon  
---|---  
(2)(3)| Seah Siang MongPaul Go Kian Lee  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)(2)| Tan Thiam ChyeSin-Tai Investments Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Land] — [Strata Titles] — [Collective sales]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yeo Sok Hoon and others

  
v

  

Tan Thiam Chye and another

[2020] SGHC 202

High Court — Originating Summons No 1424 of 2019  
S Mohan JC  
31 March, 1–3 April, 14 May 2020

6 October 2020

S Mohan JC:

Introduction

1 The Realty Centre (the “Development”) is a well-known commercial development
situated in the Central Business District on Enggor Street. Built in the early
1970s, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Liaw Hin Sai’s Affidavit (dated 28 February 2020) (“Liaw Hin Sai’s Affidavit”)
at p 33.

the Development was the subject of an attempt by a majority of its subsidiary
proprietors to sell the Development by way of a collective sale.

2 The sale was objected to by, inter alia, Mr Tan Thiam Chye, who owned two
office units in the Development. This case raised issues that touched on,
inter alia, the relevance (and prevalence) of what has been termed as the
“premium variance test” in collective sales and what constitutes “common
property” as defined in various legislation relating to strata developments.
There has been no appeal against my decision. However, given the potential
relevance to the industry of some of the issues that arose to be decided in
these proceedings, I provide the full grounds of my decision.

The parties and a summary of the procedural history

3 The plaintiffs are representatives of the collective sale committee (the
“CSC”) of the Development and were authorised to make the application for a
collective sale order. The Development is a 12-storey commercial building
comprising 36 units in total. These are made up of three retail units on the
ground floor, 32 office units of four different sizes located on the 4th to
11th floors, and one food and beverage unit on the 12th floor. The details of
the units (as set out in the following table) are undisputed: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions (dated 17 April 2020) (“Plaintiffs’ Submissions”) at
para 6; Liaw Hin Sai’s Affidavit at para 12.2.

S/N| Type| Unit| Strata area per Unit (sm)| No of Units| Share value per unit  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| Retail| #01-01| 249| 1| 1  
2| Retail| #01-02| 199| 1| 1  
3| Retail| #01-03| 179| 1| 1  
4| Office| #04 to #11-01| 106| 8| 1  
5| Office| #04 to #11-02| 95| 8| 1  
6| Office| #04 to #11-03| 121| 8| 1  
7| Office| #04 to #11-04| 112| 8| 1  
8| F&B Unit| #12-00| 170| 1| 1  
  
4 The 1st plaintiff, Ms Yeo Sok Hoon, represented the owners of Unit #12-00
(the “1st plaintiff”) and was the chairperson of the CSC; the 2nd plaintiff,
Mr Seah Siang Mong, was the owner of Unit #01-02 (the “2nd plaintiff”) and a
CSC member, while the 3rd plaintiff, Mr Paul Go Kian Lee, was the owner of
Unit #08-04 (the “3rd plaintiff”) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit (dated 7 November 2019) (“Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st
Affidavit”) at para 13, pp 248–249, 252–253, 256.

and the secretary of the CSC (collectively, the “plaintiffs”).

5 On 25 July 2019, the plaintiffs applied to the Strata Titles Board (the
“STB”) for a sale order. As objections were taken towards the sale of the
Development, and following a failed attempt at mediating the dispute, the STB
issued a stop order, which in turn led to the present application in OS
1424/2019. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at para 2.

Before the STB and when OS 1424/2019 was commenced, there were two objectors,
namely Mr Tan and Sin-Tai Investments Pte Ltd (“Sin-Tai”), who were named as
the 1st and 2nd defendants in OS 1424/2019 respectively. By the time the
hearing commenced on 31 March 2020, Sin-Tai had reached a settlement with the
plaintiffs and the proceedings against it were withdrawn. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

HC/ORC 1169/2020 at para 1.

Thereafter, only Mr Tan (hereafter “the defendant”) remained opposed to the
collective sale. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at para 3.

6 In these proceedings, the plaintiffs sought, inter alia, an order to allow
the sale of all the lots and common property in the Development to New Vision
Holding Pte Ltd (the “Purchaser”) pursuant to s 84A of the Land Titles
(Strata) Act (Cap 158, 2009 Rev Ed) (the “LTSA”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at para 1.

The defendant objected to the sale solely on the basis of s 84A(9)(a)(i)(B) of
the LTSA, ie, that the transaction was not in good faith taking into account
the method of distributing the proceeds of sale. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s Submissions (dated 17 April 2020) (“Defendant’s Submissions”) at
para 4.

7 I heard OS 1424/2019 from 31 March to 3 April 2020, and at the end of the
hearing, reserved judgment. I was informed by counsel that the plaintiffs had
to obtain an order in respect of the collective sale by 21 May 2020. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Letter from plaintiffs to the court dated 30 April 2020 at para 2.

Accordingly, I gave directions for written submissions to be tendered within
fairly compressed timelines and delivered judgment orally on 14 May 2020.
Based on the totality of the evidence adduced, I concluded that the
application was properly made, that all the statutory requirements under the
LTSA and the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (the “ROC”) were
complied with and that the transaction was in good faith taking into account
the method of distributing the proceeds of sale. I also found that there was
no credible evidence to support the defendant’s assertion that there was an
absence of good faith on the part of the CSC or its marketing agent in
arriving at the method of apportioning the sale proceeds of the Development. I
accordingly allowed the plaintiffs’ application and granted the order for
sale.

Background

8 The collective sale process which culminated in OS 1424/2019 began in July
2017. On 28 July 2017, the 3rd plaintiff sent an email to the then-members of
the management council and representatives of various subsidiary proprietors,
stating that he was of the opinion that there was a high probability of a
successful enbloc sale. He therefore put up a requisition for a General
Meeting, and attached requisition forms to the email for the other subsidiary
proprietors to sign. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s Affidavit (dated 14 February 2020) (“Tan Thiam Chye’s
Affidavit”) at p 40.

On 14 August 2017, the 3rd plaintiff sent an email to Mr Richard Boey from HBA
Group Property Consultants, which was the Managing Agent, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 249.

stating that he had received requisition forms from the owners of 15 units,
and that the General Meeting could accordingly be arranged. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s Affidavit at p 41.

The collective sale was thus included as an agenda item at an Annual General
Meeting held on 12 December 2017 (“AGM”).

AGM and 1st CSC Meeting

9 During the AGM, the members of the CSC were elected to act on behalf of the
subsidiary proprietors in the collective sale. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 13, pp 253–254.

The plaintiffs and the defendant were among the 11 persons in total who were
elected as members of the CSC. At the 1st CSC meeting held on 12 December 2017
after the AGM, the 1st plaintiff was unanimously appointed as chairperson of
the CSC, Mr Phee Thian Chye (“Mr Phee”) the co-chairperson and the 3rd
plaintiff the secretary. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 257.

2nd CSC Meeting

10 At the 2nd CSC meeting held on 19 January 2018, the CSC agreed to appoint
Cushman & Wakefield (S) Pte Ltd (“C&W”) as the marketing agent and Donaldson &
Burkinshaw LLP (“D&B”) as the solicitors for the collective sale. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 14, p 261.

It is relevant and would be helpful at this point to set out the different
methods of apportionment that were raised and discussed by the CSC, how the
present method of apportionment came to be adopted by the CSC, and the
involvement of the plaintiffs and C&W in the process.

11 At the 2nd CSC Meeting, a two-tier method of apportionment (hereafter
referred to as “MOA1”) was discussed in general terms as part of a general
discussion on what would be an acceptable method of apportionment. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 262.

Under MOA1, the sale proceeds would be paid out (a) first, based on the market
value of the 36 individual strata lots and (b) for the net balance of the sale
proceeds to be distributed to each subsidiary proprietor in equal shares. This
was on the basis of an assumption that the common property was owned jointly
or severally by all the subsidiary proprietors as tenants-in-common and
therefore divisible equally based on their individual share value holdings. It
is relevant to point out at this juncture that the share value structure of
the Development was unusual in that all subsidiary proprietors were assigned
one share value, irrespective of the size of their units (see table at [3]
above). As will become apparent later in these grounds, this factor was one of
the main reasons contributing to the defendant’s objections to the sale. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 262; Liaw Hin Sai’s Affidavit at para 21.

12 Reverting to the facts, it was recorded in the meeting minutes of the 2nd
CSC meeting that the co-chairperson Mr Phee acknowledged that the
apportionment formula would be the most challenging issue to resolve. The
minutes then recorded various comments and suggestions by various CSC members.
For example, one unnamed CSC member commented, inter alia, that ultimately the
premium received by each unit must be fair and equitable. The minutes also
recorded, by way of a comment by another CSC member as a preliminary
suggestion on an apportionment formula, that most of the CSC members were
familiar with MOA1 as it had been discussed in a previous unsuccessful
collective sale exercise, and that it was “quite a good formula”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at pp 261–262.

If the formula could generally be agreed on, this CSC member felt that they
would have “some solid ground to start working on”. Another CSC member
commented that first “…we agree on an apportionment method then we shall all
abide by the method and respect the professional valuation reports…”. After
further discussion by the CSC members, the minutes recorded the 1st Plaintiff,
in her capacity as the chairperson, concluding that there was a “need to
consult the professionals to see whether the apportion [sic] method mentioned
by the CSC members is workable”, to “ensure that it stands [sic] the scrutiny
of the Strata Title Board”. Lastly, the minutes recorded that Mr Albert Ching,
representing The Singapore Cancer Society (the “Society”) informed the rest of
the CSC that the Society would not be supporting the collective sale. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at pp 262–263.

As an aside, the Society occupied a total of six office units on the 4th and
6th floors of the Development.

3rd CSC Meeting

13 The 3rd CSC meeting held on 7 February 2018 was the first meeting with the
appointed marketing agent and solicitors, C&W and D&B respectively. It was
noted in the meeting minutes that “one major reason why the previous enbloc
exercise failed was because the initial proposed Apportionment Formula was
tweaked several times in trying to suit subsequent changes in valuation of
some property units”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 265.

4th CSC Meeting

14 At the 4th CSC meeting held on 13 April 2018, Ms Christina Sim from C&W
(“Ms Sim”) explained to the CSC that MOA1 was “inequitable” and would “not
stand up under scrutiny at the Strata Titles Board” as it resulted in a very
large premium variance between the highest and smallest premiums. The minutes
of this meeting recorded that after discussion and deliberation, the CSC
tentatively accepted a second method of apportionment. This method was
discussed and proposed during the meeting, with one abstention from Mr Albert
Ching representing the Society and one objection from the defendant. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at pp 268–269.

This second method of apportionment was based on a ratio of 70% valuation, 20%
share value, and 10% strata area 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Liaw Sin Hai’s Affidavit at para 14.

(hereafter referred to as “MOA2”). MOA2 gave more weight to the valuation
component in light of the fact that the Development was a mixed-use
development comprising retail and office units.

5th CSC Meeting

15 At the 5th CSC meeting held on 18 April 2018, Mr David Mitchell of D&B (“Mr
Mitchell”) informed the CSC that if 100% approval from the subsidiary
proprietors cannot be obtained, the owners would have to pay for an
application for sale to be made to the STB and for an independent valuation
commentary report on the chosen method of apportionment. Mr Mitchell also
explained that the STB’s role is to mediate, and if objections to a sale are
not withdrawn, the STB would issue a Stop Order. Ms Sim added that the CSC
must appoint a valuer, who will comment on whether the method of apportionment
adopted was fair and equitable taking into account the circumstances of the
Development. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 272.

Ms Sim informed the CSC that based on comments from experts in other cases she
was involved in, the “variance band should not be more than 20%”, and that
unless 100% consensus was achieved amongst all of the subsidiary proprietors,
C&W will face difficulty in finding a valuer to endorse MOA2 which had a
variance band which was higher than 20%. Mr Mitchell cautioned the CSC that it
would be difficult for the sale to proceed if the independent valuation expert
did not support whichever was the chosen method of apportionment. The chosen
method had to be fair and equitable as an application to the STB would be
required and there was also the possibility of an application to the High
Court. Several apportionment permutations were then presented to the CSC for
discussion and deliberation. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at pp 272–273.

16 I pause at this point to set out Ms Sim’s explanation of the premium
variance test which she referred to in her advice to the CSC. In a nutshell,
the premium variance is the difference between the highest premium that a
subsidiary proprietor would obtain and the lowest premium that another
subsidiary proprietor would obtain in the same development based on a
particular collective sale price and the chosen method of apportionment of the
proceeds from the collective sale. In simple terms, a premium is represented
mathematically as follows: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Sim Li-Mei Christina’s Affidavit (dated 28 February 2020) (“Sim Li-Mei
Christina’s Affidavit”) at para 10.

(A-B)/B x 100%

Where:

A: Represents the proceeds of sale that a subsidiary proprietor would stand to
receive for his unit under the collective sale by using the specified method
of apportionment; and

B: Represents the valuation of that said unit

17 The concept of the premium variance test was explained by Ms Sim as follows
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Sim Li-Mei Christina’s Affidavit at para 11.

:

The underlying principle behind the [premium variance test] is to narrow the
premium variance so as to ensure that all owners gain near-similar premiums
from this collective sale. A large premium variance would suggest that certain
units are obtaining far more premium from the sale price than the other units,
which may make it inequitable to these other units. In short, a large premium
variance suggests that certain units are enjoying an advantage at the expense
of others. It is a good indicator of whether the MOA chosen is fair.

This explanation is, I note, consistent with the analysis undertaken by Tan
Siong Thye J in Deorukhkar Sameer Vinay and others v Quek Chin Kheam [2018]
SGHC 171 (“The Albracca”), at [49]–[54]. Applying the premium variance test,
MOA1 would give a premium variance of 130% based on the original reserve price
of $165 million, and a premium variance of 106% based on the revised reserved
price of $148 million (see [22] below). In contrast, MOA2 would result in a
premium variance of 53% based on the original reserve price, and a premium
variance of 48% based on the revised reserved price. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Sim Li-Mei Christina’s Affidavit at para 17

6th CSC Meeting

18 At the 6th CSC meeting held on 2 May 2018, Mr Phee, the CSC co-chairperson,
explained that some of the owners in the Development may be “fixated” on MOA1
and may not agree to MOA2. He suggested tweaking MOA2 slightly to get more
owners onboard. The 1st plaintiff opined that MOA1 had a “very high premium
variance and the retail units may not support such a method”. She also stated
that it “may not be able [to] stand up to the scrutiny of the Strata Titles
Board”. Ms Sim added that it may be challenging to engage a third party
independent valuer to provide a commentary in respect of and to endorse MOA1.
After deliberation, the CSC agreed to proceed with a conditional collective
sale agreement on the basis of MOA2, which agreement would require 100%
consensus to be obtained from all the owners within four weeks. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at pp 274-275.

7th CSC Meeting

19 At the 7th CSC meeting held on 20 June 2018, Ms Sim provided an update to
the CSC that only 24 out of 36 owners had signed the conditional agreement,
representing 68% of strata area and 66.67% of share values. The four-week
period to obtain 100% consensus had lapsed on 19 June 2018, with no unanimous
consent to the conditional agreement. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 276.

The CSC then decided to proceed to convene an Extraordinary General Meeting
(“EGM”) to, inter alia, vote on the collective sale. It was agreed that the
EGM would take place on 17 July 2018.

The EGM

20 At the EGM held on 17 July 2018, MOA2 with a reserve sale price of $165
million was put to a vote. The quorum of the meeting was reached with owners
representing 21 of the total of 36 share values present. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 325

Of the votes cast, owners representing 19 out of 21 share values voted in
favour, two share values voted against and six share values were void. Based
on the voting results, the reserve sale price was set at $165 million and MOA2
was adopted as the method of apportionment of the sale proceeds. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 327.

It is worth mentioning at this point that based on the EGM minutes of meeting,
no one raised any questions as to why MOA1 was not being adopted. This was
despite Mr Phee’s comment at the 6th CSC meeting that a number of owners were
fixated with MOA1 and may not agree to MOA2 (see [18]), and his earlier email
of 16 April 2018 to various CSC members that, inter alia, many other office
unit owners may not agree to “having to discard” MOA1. More will be said about
this later in these grounds.

The Development is put up for sale

21 By 7 December 2018, subsidiary proprietors making up 88.26% of strata area
and 88.89% of share value had signed the Collective Sales Agreement (the
“CSA”). As the requisite thresholds under the LTSA had been met, the
Development was accordingly put up for sale. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 19, p 335.

At the close of tender on 21 February 2019, only one firm bid was received for
$133 million, which was well below the reserve price of $165 million. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 21.

22 At the 12th CSC meeting on 10 April 2019 (following a meeting of the
subsidiary proprietors on 20 March 2019), the CSC was advised by C&W that
consent had been obtained from subsidiary proprietors representing 81.17% of
strata area and 83.3% of share value to enter into a supplemental agreement
(“Supplemental Agreement”), agreeing to a revised reserve price of $148
million. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at paras 24–25.

This downward revision was largely due to the fact that the one firm bid
received for the Development was only for $133 million, as against an
assessment by Savills Valuation and Professional Services (S) Pte Ltd
(“Savills”) of $132 million. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at paras 20, 22.

23 Negotiations then ensued with a prospective purchaser, The Place Holdings
Ltd (“The Place Holdings”), who eventually made an offer at the revised
reserve price. On or about 16 April 2019, C&W received a cashier’s order from
The Place Holdings for the sum of $1.48 million, representing 1% of the
purchase price. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 26, p 363.

On 18 April 2019, The Place Holdings informed the CSC that it had nominated
the Purchaser to take over as tenderer. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at pp 169–170.

On 22 April 2019, D&B wrote to the Purchaser, stating that they were
instructed to accept the Purchaser’s offer to purchase the Development at the
revised reserved price, under the terms and conditions as negotiated between
the parties and encapsulated in a sale and purchase agreement dated 22 April
2019. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 171.

At a CSC meeting on 26 April 2019, C&W advised that the Development had been
sold at the revised reserve price. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at pp 351–352.

Application to the STB

24 At the time of the application to the STB (see [3] above), subsidiary
proprietors representing 87% of the total strata area and 86.11% of the share
value in the Development had signed the CSA and the Supplemental Agreement. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at para 6, p 24; Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions
(dated 24 April 2020) (“Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions”) at para 33(c).

The CSA utilised MOA2 as the method of apportionment of the sale proceeds. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 60.

As there was no unanimous consent and the STB’s attempt to mediate a
resolution of the dispute between the CSC and the objectors was unsuccessful,
a stop order was eventually issued by the STB on 7 November 2019. OS 1424/2019
was commenced on 15 November 2019 (see [5] above).

The defendant’s objection to the sale

25 In objecting to the collective sale, the defendant raised two main grounds
in seeking to make out his case that the transaction was not in good faith
taking into account the method of distributing the proceeds of sale under s
84A(9)(a)(i)(B) of the LTSA. First, he submitted that the CSC and the
marketing agent C&W did not conduct themselves in good faith in the process of
arriving at the method of apportionment of the sale proceeds (the “first
objection”). Second, he submitted that MOA2 was not fair, reasonable or
equitable (the “second objection”). I will address each of the defendant’s
objections in turn.

Preliminary Point – burden of proof

26 As a preliminary point, I would make a brief note on the burden of proof in
applications of this nature. As stated by the Court of Appeal in Low Kwang
Tong v Karen Teo Mei Ling and others [2018] SGCA 86 at [2] and endorsed by the
same Court in Kok Yin Chong and others v Lim Hun Joo and others [2019] 2 SLR
46 (“Kok Yin Chong”) at [70]–[71]:

In our opinion, an applicant under s 84A of the [LTSA] complies with his
duties under the law if he has complied with all relevant statutory
requirements for collective sales and has spelt out all relevant facts which
show purported compliance with his duties and nothing untoward appears on the
face of the record. It is then for any objector to point out by credible
evidence that some or all of the stated facts are inaccurate or even false or
that there are some other facts which will demonstrate that the transaction is
not in good faith within the meaning of the [LTSA]. The applicant will have to
respond to these assertions and the Court will make its determination of the
facts and express its view on whether the transaction is or is not in good
faith on the facts.

27 Thus, while the legal burden is on the plaintiffs to establish that the
transaction was in good faith, the defendant has an evidential burden to point
out by credible evidence matters which may demonstrate that the transaction
was not in good faith, which evidence the plaintiffs will then have to respond
to. The court would then consider the evidence and the entirety of the
circumstances holistically and determine whether the transaction was (or was
not) in good faith.

The first objection: Lack of good faith in the conduct of the CSC and C&W

Parties’ cases

Defendant’s case

28 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Denis Tan, argued that the evidence
demonstrated that the 1st plaintiff misled, or colluded with Ms Sim of C&W to
mislead the CSC into first, relying on the premium variance test, and second,
taking the view that MOA1 would not stand up to “purported scrutiny by the
STB”, when the STB does not in fact scrutinise the methods of apportionment.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 75.

According to Mr Tan, the STB only served as a mediation platform and did not
scrutinise applications for collective sale. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 81.

The defendant asserted that the plaintiff’s expert witness, Mr Liaw Hin Sai
(“Mr Liaw”) of Savills, confirmed that the STB’s role is only to conduct
mediation. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 81.

29 The defendant also submitted that the majority of the subsidiary
proprietors supported MOA1 when the collective sale process was commenced. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s Submissions at paras 78–80.

However, during the CSC meetings, the 1st plaintiff and Ms Sim cooperated or
colluded to label MOA1 as an apportionment method that would not pass muster
at the STB as it had a very high premium variance; this collusion was part of
a plan to scuttle MOA1. Due to these false misrepresentations, the other CSC
members had “no other alternative” but to support MOA2 instead of MOA1. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s Submissions at 82(e).

30 Further, the defendant submitted that Ms Sim knowingly (or deliberately)
made these false representations to the subsidiary proprietors in order to
compel them to sign the CSA. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 90.

Against what Ms Sim had represented to the CSC, Mr Liaw testified that it was
untrue that the premium variance had to be not more than 20% in order for the
method of apportionment to pass the scrutiny of the STB. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 86(3).

Further, the STB had stated (in an email replying to an email sent by the
defendant to the STB) that it did not issue any form of “premium test”.
Lastly, Mr Liaw had testified that the premium variance test did not have to
be adopted mandatorily. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s Submissions at paras 86–87.

As a result of the false misrepresentations, Ms Sim prevented MOA1 from being
discussed in any meaningful way. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions (dated 24 April 2020) (“Defendant’s Reply
Submissions”) at para 2(f).

The CSC therefore “abandoned” MOA1, and adjusted the method of apportionment
in a bid to reduce the premium variance, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 89.

eventually adopting MOA2. The defendant also submitted that Ms Sim had not
explained how the 48% variance in MOA2 would withstand the scrutiny of the
STB, given her position that the premium variance should not exceed 20%. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 90.

31 The defendant also asserted that the 1st plaintiff did not conscientiously
carry out her duties as a chairperson and member of the CSC by making
enquiries or seeking a second opinion to verify the representations made by Ms
Sim. Instead, the 1st plaintiff chose to repeat falsehoods perpetuated by Ms
Sim because she was the owner of one of the four large units, and thereby
stood to gain personally if MOA2 were to be adopted. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 75.

32 The defendant further contended that in the alternative, if the court does
not draw the inference that the 1st plaintiff acted in a manner to mislead the
CSC, the 1st plaintiff, 2nd plaintiff and a Mr Michael Daryanani (“Mr
Daryanani”), as members of the CSC, failed in their obligations to be even-
handed and did not act in the interests of the majority of the subsidiary
proprietors (ie, collectively, the owners of the 32 smaller office units). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 83.

Mr Daryanani represented the owner of Unit #01-03, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 254.

and together with the 1st plaintiff, 2nd plaintiff and the owner of Unit
#01-01, each owned units in the Development with the four biggest strata
areas. The defendant asserted that they chose to support MOA2 over MOA1
because the former method benefited owners of larger units, and at the expense
of the owners of the smaller units. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 83.

Plaintiff’s case

33 Mr Jansen Aw, counsel for the plaintiffs, submitted that the CSC decided on
MOA2 over the course of several meetings, and also took into consideration
professional advice on methods of apportionment. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at paras 118–119.

MOA1 was only raised at the 2nd CSC meeting as a concept for preliminary
discussion, and was subject to further debate; there was no agreement or
consensus by the CSC or subsidiary proprietors to adopt MOA1. This was
acknowledged by the defendant during the hearing. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at para 120.

34 Mr Aw also contended that s 84A(6) LTSA requires the STB to consider
whether a transaction was made in good faith under s 84A(9) LTSA even if no
objection had been filed. Accordingly, the STB does not merely approve
applications as a formality or simply mediate disputes. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at para 128.

35 Further, C&W’s advice to the CSC and subsidiary proprietors based on the
premium variance test was grounded on its own experience and expertise in
collective sale applications. As such, it was understandable and professional
for C&W to give the advice that it did. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at para 127.

In any event, the CSC considered the advice rendered by C&W alongside other
information. The premium variance test was a helpful tool in deciding whether
a proposed method of apportionment was fair to the subsidiary proprietors. The
CSC clearly exercised independent judgment, demonstrated by the fact that it
eventually adopted MOA2, notwithstanding that it had a premium variance that
exceeded the 20% threshold recommended by C&W. The CSC debated on the method
of apportionment to be adopted amongst themselves and also with C&W, to ensure
that the method adopted would be fair to all the subsidiary proprietors. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at para 126.

36 The plaintiffs also submitted that the CSC had acted in an even-handed
manner to safeguard the interests of all the subsidiary proprietors. The
defendant’s argument that the larger units would benefit from MOA2 stems from
the fact that his point of comparison was MOA1. However, MOA1 was itself
inequitable due to its wide premium variance, and the CSC would not have acted
in good faith if they had opted for MOA1. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at para 130.

37 Finally, the plaintiff added that the composition of the CSC reflected a
fair representation of the categories of use and size across the 36 units in
the Development. The majority of members in the CSC were in fact owners of
smaller units, and they would not have voted for MOA2 had it been detrimental
to them. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiffs’ Submissions at paras 136–138.

Analysis and Decision

Legal principles

38 As summarised by the High Court in The Albracca ([17] supra) at [26],
citing Dynamic Investments Pte Ltd v Lee Chee Kian Silas and others [2008] 1
SLR(R) 729 at [17] and Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and
others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal [2009] 3
SLR(R) 109 (“Horizon Towers”) at [132], “good faith” in the context of s
84A(9) LTSA means succinctly “honesty or absence of bad faith”. The Court of
Appeal in Horizon Towers also considered that the duty of good faith requires
the sale committee to “discharge its statutory, contractual and equitable
functions and duties faithfully and conscientiously, and to hold an even hand
between the consenting and the objecting owners in selling their properties
collectively” (at [133]). The CSC’s duties also include the duties of loyalty
and fidelity, the duty to avoid conflict of interest and duty to make full
disclosure (The Albracca at [27]–[28]).

39 In considering whether a sale price obtained is fair, the Court of Appeal
emphasised in Ramachandran Jayakumar and another v Woo Hon Wai and others and
another matter [2017] 2 SLR 413 (“Shunfu Ville”) at [59] that there is
“generally little to be gained in slicing up the sequence of events and
attempting to argue that any one of them goes towards establishing lack of
good faith; rather, it is through a holistic assessment of the entire
circumstances of the transaction that the court may determine whether there is
in fact an absence of good faith which would bar the sale from proceeding”. An
indicator of the lack of good faith in the transaction would be a want of
probity on the part of the relevant parties (Shunfu Ville at [61(a)]). Whilst
the specific issue under consideration in Shunfu Ville was whether the sale
price was fair, the Court of Appeal’s comments above are, in my view, equally
applicable when a court is determining whether a transaction has been made in
good faith based on any of the factors enumerated in s 84A(9)(a)(i) LTSA,
including the method of distributing the proceeds of sale which was in issue
in the present case.

Sub-issues

40 There are three sub-issues which arise from the arguments made by the
parties in relation to the defendant’s first objection. They are as follows:

(a) Whether the representations made by the 1st plaintiff and/or Ms Sim
evidenced a lack of good faith;

(b) The effect of the representations made by the 1st plaintiff and/or Ms Sim;
and

(c) Whether the 1st plaintiff, 2nd plaintiff and/or Mr Daryanani had abrogated
their duties as members (in the case of the 1st plaintiff, also as
chairperson) of the CSC.

(1) Whether the representations made by the 1st plaintiff and/or Ms Sim
evidenced a lack of good faith

41 The crux of the representations made by Ms Sim and/or the 1st plaintiff was
as follows. The method of apportionment chosen should not have a premium
variance of more than 20%. However, MOA1 had a very large premium variance,
which would make it difficult for C&W to find a valuer to support it, and for
MOA1 to pass scrutiny by the STB.

42 The defendant vigorously disputed that the STB had any role to play in
scrutinising collective sale applications. He maintained that the STB merely
served as a platform to mediate disputes in the event of any objections to the
collective sale. The defendant relied on his reading of the expert evidence
given by the plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Liaw during the hearing. Having reviewed
the transcripts of the hearing, I do not think that Mr Liaw gave evidence to
the effect that the STB did not scrutinise collective sale applications. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Certified Transcript (2 April 2020) at p 67 ln 25 to p 70 ln 8.

His evidence was that the premium variance test was not a mandatory test. In
his opinion, it was not correct that if a premium variance of 20% was not
achieved, the STB would not approve the collective sale application. He did
not, however, say that the STB will not scrutinise applications or that it
would not consider the premium variance test in its deliberations.

43 As correctly submitted by the plaintiffs, the STB has a clear statutory
duty under the LTSA (s 84A(6) read with s 84A(9) LTSA) to ensure that
transactions are made in good faith, particularly when there are no objectors
but no unanimous consent. There was therefore every possibility that the STB
would indeed scrutinise the application and transaction in this case. This
scrutiny by the STB is also implicitly acknowledged by the Court of Appeal in
Kok Yin Chong ([26] supra) at [71] where after commenting on the question of
burden of proof, Tay Yong Kwang JA, delivering the judgment of the court,
noted that “the above seems to us to be a practical guide as to the burden of
proof before the Board [the Board being the STB] or the High Court” [emphasis
added].

44 I am therefore of the view that Ms Sim and the 1st plaintiff had correctly
and legitimately raised the point to the CSC that the method of apportionment
adopted would need to be able to withstand scrutiny by the STB. At that time,
no one knew if 100% consensus would be achieved or whether any owner would
object either to the method of apportionment put forward or to the terms of
the CSA. Even if there were no objections to the collective sale but no
unanimous consent, an application to the STB would still be necessary under s
84(6) LTSA. In reviewing the application, the STB would consider the factors
set out in s 84A(9) LTSA. As I noted above, when the CSC meetings were being
held, the 1st plaintiff and Ms Sim could not possibly have known whether there
would be unanimous consensus to the collective sale, such that an application
to the STB would not need to be brought. In properly discharging their
responsibilities to the subsidiary proprietors, the 1st plaintiff and Ms Sim
had to ensure that should an application be brought to the STB, the method of
apportionment adopted would be able to pass the scrutiny of the STB.
Therefore, this entire line of argument by the defendant with regard to the
STB only mediating disputes and not scrutinising applications missed the mark.

45 The defendant also submitted that the premium variance test was advanced by
Ms Sim and the 1st plaintiff so as to reach a method of apportionment that
benefited the owners of larger units at the expense of the owners of the
smaller units. However, I did not think there was any credible evidence which
supported the defendant’s case on this. The evidence given by Ms Sim, and both
parties’ expert witnesses, is that the premium variance test is a methodology
that can be used to determine if the method of distribution of sale proceeds
from a collective sale was fair. The plaintiff’s expert Mr Liaw testified that
the premium variance test is a “useful tool that we do look at”, even though
it was not mandatory that it be used. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Certified Transcript (2 April 2020) at p 67 ln 25 to p 68 ln 11.

46 The defendant’s expert, Mr Chan Hiap Kong (“Mr Chan”), gave evidence as
follows: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Certified Transcript (3 April 2020) at p 38 ln 23 to p 40 ln 7.

Q: Mr Chan, do you think that the premium variance test is useful?

A: The premium variance actually is a mathematical system that property
consultants use, it’s useful to a certain extent.

Q: Do you agree that the premium variance test, so to speak, is useful to
explain to laypersons about whether or not the proceeds that the respective
units may be obtaining [sic] is fair or not?

A: Yes, I agree.

…

Q: Yes, but the premium test would certainly, or should form part of the
advice to fully inform the subsidiary proprietors of what they are getting
from the collective sale.

A: The premium test would actually make it easier for them to decide to sell
or not.

47 It can be seen from the evidence referred to at [45]–[46] above that the
premium variance test is recognised and adopted in the real estate industry as
a useful tool to assist in determining the fairness of a proposed method of
apportionment. In my view, there was nothing inherently suspect or wrong about
the use of it. Indeed, its use by Jones Lang Lasalle Property Consultants Pte
Ltd, who were the marketing agents in The Albracca ([17] supra), is indicative
to me of its prevalent use in the industry as a yardstick by which to assess
the fairness of a method of apportionment in a collective sale scenario. Its
usefulness is not diminished even for a property with unique configurations or
features, as was, for example, the case in The Albracca. There is, in my
opinion, no reason why the STB, if it were to scrutinise the application under
s 84A(6) LTSA, would not have regard to the premium variance test, as did the
High Court in The Albracca, and as have I in this case.

48 As to whether the STB would not an approve an application for a collective
sale if the premium variance was above 20%, there was insufficient evidence to
enable me to come to any conclusion on this point. It was in any event
unnecessary for me to do so. Suffice to say, the parties’ experts did not
disagree that the lower (or “tighter”) the premium variance was, the better
were the prospects of demonstrating that the chosen method of apportionment
was fair and reasonable to all the owners as the circumstances of the case
would permit.

49 It is undisputed that the 1st plaintiff was one of the owners of one of the
larger units in the Development, and it is undisputed that MOA2 would give
owners of the larger units a more favourable distribution of the sale proceeds
in comparison with MOA1. However, in and of itself, that is not evidence that
there was a lack of good faith on the part of the 1st plaintiff in advocating
for MOA2. The 1st plaintiff testified that the CSC members took the premium
variance test as a guide to determine whether the distribution of proceeds was
fair and reasonable. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Certified Transcript (31 March 2020) at p 105, lns 5 to 23.

She explained that Ms Sim, who advised the CSC on the premium variance test,
was the expert who had experience with enbloc sales. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Certified Transcript (31 March 2020) at p 133, lns 13 to 23.

Having examined the evidence and observed the 1st plaintiff, I did not find
that there was any lack of good faith on the part of the 1st plaintiff in
adopting the premium variance test and supporting MOA2 on that basis.

50 The good faith in the adoption of MOA2 is also demonstrated to some extent
by the justification for the 1st plaintiff’s criticism of MOA1. I address this
in greater detail later when considering the defendant’s second objection. In
summary, when the actual figures (based on the revised sale price of $148
million) were plugged into the MOA1 two-tier formula, it was clear that MOA1
was inequitable, not just to the larger retail/F&B units but also to the
larger office units. Under MOA1, the smallest office units would gain
significantly, and unfairly. Therefore, even if MOA2 was not the perfect
apportionment method, it was overall more even-handed and equitable to all the
subsidiary proprietors, and supported the plaintiffs’ case that the adoption
of MOA2 was not tainted by bad faith. In this regard, I bore in mind that the
task of the court is, inter alia, to assess if the method of distribution
adopted is rational and designed to be as fair as possible to all the
subsidiary proprietors as the circumstances of the case would permit (Lim Li
Meng Dominic and others v Ching Pui Sim Sally and another and another matter
[2015] 5 SLR 989 at [61]).

51 In attacking the conduct of C&W, the defendant pressed the argument that Ms
Sim had made a false representation to the CSC that the premium variance had
to be less than 20% in order to pass scrutiny by the STB. In this regard, the
defendant emphasised that Mr Liaw’s evidence was contrary to Ms Sim’s advice
to the CSC (see [30]). Mr Liaw testified that there was no fixed premium
variance standard to determine whether a method of apportionment was
acceptable, and that an acceptable premium variance could be different in
every case depending on what was fair and reasonable in the circumstances. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Certified Transcript (2 April 2020) at p 68 ln 17 to p 69 ln 18.

In his view, it would be a false proposition to state that a premium variance
of not more than 20% was needed to pass the scrutiny of the STB. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Certified Transcript (2 April 2020) at p 69 ln 19 to p 70 ln 8.

52 I agree that Ms Sim’s advice could have been more nuanced or measured.
There appears to be at least one differing expert opinion on the premium
variance that would be acceptable. It is also well established that C&W, as
the marketing agent of the CSC, owed duties of transparency and openness in
its dealings with the CSC and the subsidiary proprietors (see N K Rajarh and
others v Tan Eng Chuan and others [2014] 1 SLR 694 at [45]). Even so, I did
not find that Ms Sim made any false representations. Nor did she set out to
lie to the CSC or act with a view to benefiting some owners at the expense of
others.

53 Based on all the available contemporaneous evidence and having observed Ms
Sim on the stand, I did not find that there was anything lacking in good faith
about Ms Sim’s advice. Ms Sim testified that the exercise in adjusting the
method of apportionment was to “make sure that the gains from the collective
sale would commensurate more with valuation rather than with share values”, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Certified Transcript (1 April 2020) at p 36 lns 10 to 12.

and to be “more even-handed in the distribution” across the different units.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Certified Transcript (1 April 2020) at p 36 ln 25.

She explained that she had applied the premium variance test in previous
collective sales which she had advised on. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Certified Transcript (1 April 2020) at p 37 lns 17 to 19.

Ms Sim acknowledged that although she held the view that the “rule of thumb”
is that the premium variance should not exceed 20%, it was not encapsulated
“in writing [or] enacted in any policy”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Certified Transcript (1 April 2020) at p 55, lns 1 to 24.

The advice she gave to the CSC was based on her experience in another case
which she handled, where an expert witness had to be called to explain to the
STB why the premium variance could not be kept below 20%. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Certified Transcript (1 April 2020) at p 56 lns 4 to 20.

She also cited her knowledge of The Albracca ([17] supra) in support of her
view that the premium variance test is a standard adopted in the industry to
evaluate the fairness of a method of apportionment, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Certified Transcript (1 April 2020) at p 59 ln 3.

and that the variance should be as close as possible to 20%.

54 In my opinion, even though Mr Liaw had his views, this could be explained
as a difference in opinion between two industry professionals as to whether
there was such a rule of thumb. Ms Sim may (and I would put it at no higher
than that) perhaps have displayed a level of overexuberance in pitching the
20% figure as a threshold that needed to be reached or the perceived
difficulty in finding a valuer to endorse an MOA with a variance of more than
20%. However, it did not, in my view, transcend to deliberate falsehoods or
misstatements by Ms Sim calculated to deceive, as was argued by the defendant.
Nor did it evidence any collusion between Ms Sim and the 1st plaintiff in
order to influence the CSC to adopt MOA2 and abandon MOA1, as was also argued
by the defendant. In this regard, I also had regard to the evidence of the
defendant’s expert Mr Chan. Mr Chan did not, either in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief or oral evidence, state categorically that Ms Sim was wrong
in referring to a threshold or “rule of thumb” of 20% that needed to be met to
satisfy the STB. In his expert report, he only went so far as to say that
neither the STB, nor the guidelines issued by the Singapore Institute of
Surveyors and Valuers (“SISV”), mandated the use of the premium variance test
or have any hard and fast rules in adopting the test. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Chan Hiap Kong’s Affidavit (dated 14 February 2020) (“Chan Hiap Kong’s
Affidavit”) at p 25 (para 14.2.4 of his report dated 5 February 2020).

Mr Chan’s oral evidence touched on the usefulness or accuracy of the premium
variance test in this case (see [46] above). However, he did not proffer any
evidence on the specific point about whether it was incorrect or false for Ms
Sim to pitch the minimum 20% figure as a threshold or rule of thumb that
needed to be achieved. I could not therefore say that the totality of the
evidence showed clearly and credibly that Ms Sim falsely represented the
existence of the 20% threshold/rule of thumb.

55 The defendant further contended that Ms Sim intended to benefit the larger
unit owners by making the alleged false representation. I found this
contention fanciful. There was no evidence of any such intent and no motive
was proffered by the defendant on why Ms Sim would harbour any such intent.
For one, Ms Sim raised the issue of the 20% premium variance threshold when
the CSC discussed both MOA1 and MOA2. There was also no reason for Ms Sim to
side with the owners of the larger units. The defendant’s assertion did not go
beyond an allegation unsupported by any evidence, let alone credible evidence.

56 The defendant also argued that an irresistible inference could be drawn
from the evidence to the effect that the 1st plaintiff and Ms Sim had colluded
to compel the CSC members to abandon MOA1 and endorse MOA2. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 82(e).

However, I found no evidence whatsoever of collusion between the 1st plaintiff
and Ms Sim. As pointed out by the plaintiffs, there was no reason for Ms Sim
to collude with the owners of larger units, who were in the minority, or with
a single subsidiary proprietor. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions at paras 54–55.

The minutes of the CSC meetings also show that Ms Sim had explained the
rationale for her position that MOA1 was not feasible, and had gone through
the figures and numbers with the CSC. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions at para 58.

57 The defendant sought to persuade me to draw an inference of collusion on
the basis of a number of allegations. He stated that the 1st plaintiff was
evasive and lied on the stand about not receiving an email discussing MOA1
that had been sent by the 3rd plaintiff to various owners in July 2017,
including the 1st plaintiff. He also asserted that the 1st plaintiff and Ms
Sim must have communicated with each other prior to the 2nd CSC meeting,
thereby enabling the 1st plaintiff to falsely inform the CSC that the
apportionment method selected must stand up to the scrutiny of the STB. The
defendant claimed that MOA1 had largely already been decided upon at the
commencement of the collective sale discussions. The 1st plaintiff was the
only CSC member who knew that choosing the method of apportionment would be a
challenge, because she already had a plan to compel the CSC to abandon MOA1.
Finally, the 1st plaintiff supported Ms Sim’s false representations during the
CSC meetings, which is further evidence of collusion between them. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 82.

58 I did not accept any of these contentions. Even if the 1st plaintiff
received the July 2017 email sent by the 3rd plaintiff and was aware of
discussions relating to MOA1 in 2017, it merely indicated that MOA1 was an
option being considered at that point in time. I did not find that the 1st
plaintiff was evasive or untruthful as a witness. As I explained above at
[44], the caution given to the CSC by the 1st plaintiff and Ms Sim that the
method of apportionment must stand up to the scrutiny of the STB was both
accurate and properly made in the discharge of their duties to the subsidiary
proprietors. I also did not accept that the CSC (or for that matter a majority
of owners) had already decided on or accepted MOA1 at the commencement of the
discussions regarding the collective sale, as I elaborate below at [63]–[65].
The 1st plaintiff could, as CSC chairperson, endorse the premium variance test
and MOA2 on the basis that it would be the more equitable option, taking into
consideration Ms Sim’s and D&B’s professional advice. That does not lead to
the conclusion that she must have colluded with Ms Sim. During cross-
examination, the 1st plaintiff said that prior to the 2nd CSC meeting, she had
never met or spoken to Ms Sim, or had any dealings with C&W. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Certified Transcript (31 March 2020) at p 36 lns 8–9.

I saw no reason to disbelieve this evidence. In the circumstances, not only
was the inference of collusion alleged by the defendant not irresistible, it
was in my view incredible and went against the grain of the available
evidence.

59 A final word on this sub-issue. The defendant’s allegations on collusion
and prior communication between the 1st plaintiff and Ms Sim were at the heart
of his case that the 1st plaintiff and Ms Sim did not act in good faith. Yet,
somewhat troublingly, these allegations were not put to the plaintiff’s
witnesses during cross-examination in the course of the evidentiary hearing.
Nor were they clearly flagged up in the defendant’s affidavit or his Opening
Statement. Raising such serious allegations for the first time in his closing
submissions amounted to litigation by ambush. This was not acceptable.

(2) Effect of the representations made by the 1st plaintiff and/or Ms Sim

60 As I mentioned above at [29], the defendant’s case is that the collective
sale process commenced on the back of an understanding that MOA1 was supported
by the majority of the subsidiary proprietors. The defendant claimed that it
was “as good as resolved save for the valuation aspect”, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendant’s Submissions para 82(c).

before Ms Sim and the 1st plaintiff forced the CSC members to abandon MOA1 and
agree to MOA2. When MOA1 was discussed in the previous attempts to achieve a
collective sale for the Development, the “greater concern”, according to the
defendant, was the valuation of the units (ie, the first tier in the two-tier
formula envisaged by MOA1), and that there was allegedly no issue with the
division of the balance sale proceeds by share value (ie, the second tier in
MOA1). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 78.

The defendant contended that the CSC members had no choice but to adopt MOA2
in order for the collective sale to proceed following the false
misrepresentations by the 1st plaintiff and/or Ms Sim.

61 I did not accept the defendant’s contention that the majority of subsidiary
proprietors, including most of the large unit owners, had already agreed to
adopt or supported MOA1 before Ms Sim came into the picture. At best, the
evidence suggests that in principle, they were prepared to consider it again
even though it had failed to garner support during the previous attempts at a
collective sale of the Development. In support of this argument, the defendant
relied on an email sent by the 3rd plaintiff on 28 July 2017 (see [8]). This
email, according to the defendant supported his contention that the collective
sale process proceeded on the basis that there was “wide support” for MOA1. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 71.

62 This email was, in my view, problematic for the defendant for a number of
reasons. First, the email from the 3rd plaintiff was hearsay evidence. Second,
it did not demonstrate to me the level of “agreement” that the defendant
asserted it showed. There was, for example, a reference in the email to MOA1
being “agreeable in principle … but subject to further discussion in detail”
[emphasis added]. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s Affidavit at p 43.

The defendant himself agreed that any alleged agreement at that stage was only
in principle, and that one had to look at the actual figures before coming to
a decision on whether that apportionment method was fair and equitable. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Certified Transcript (2 April 2020) at p 162 lns 2 to 14.

63 I also did not accept the defendant’s assertion that in the previous
attempts at a collective sale of the Development, valuation was the only issue
and the second tier of MOA1 did not pose any difficulties. No evidence was led
by the defendant on this assertion, and the available evidence points the
other way. For example, the 3rd plaintiff’s email of 28 July 2017 stated that
the “main obstacle for our en-bloc proceeding [sic] in the past is the sharing
or apportioning method of sales consideration from collective sales that have
hinder [sic] the progress of en-bloc sale” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s Affidavit at p 43.

[emphasis added]. Further, the minutes of the 2nd CSC meeting record a comment
from one of the CSC members as follows: “I’m open to discussion but ultimately
the figures need to show that the premium received by each unit is fair and
equitable”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 261.

The minutes of the 3rd CSC meeting stated that “one major reason why the
previous [en-bloc] exercise failed was because the initial proposed
Apportionment Formula was tweaked several times in trying to suit subsequent
changes in valuation of some property units” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 265.

[emphasis added]. The 1st plaintiff, during cross-examination, also stated
that MOA1 was discussed at two previous unsuccessful attempts to obtain a
collective sale for the Development, and this time round, the very same MOA1
was being proposed again by some of the owners. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Certified Transcript (31 March 2020) at p 46 lns 8 to 17.

These different pieces of evidence indicated to me that in the previous
unsuccessful attempts at a collective sale, there were major difficulties
faced in reaching an agreement on MOA1 as a whole, including its second tier.

64 As such, on the totality of the evidence, the defendant’s argument that the
1st plaintiff and the other big unit owners abruptly changed their minds only
when Ms Sim “abandoned” MOA1 and put forward MOA2 on the back of various
deliberate false representations simply could not stand. The various CSC
meeting minutes did not bear this out. The 1st plaintiff and the CSC were
trying their best to steer through what was clearly a prickly issue, in order
to arrive at an apportionment method that was fair and equitable to all owners
as far as the circumstances would permit.

65 Further, it was only possible for the CSC members to reach a considered
decision on whether MOA1 should be adopted after they had sight of the actual
figures in play. Coming back to the email sent by the 3rd plaintiff on 28 July
2017 (see [8]), he gave the following example of a distribution under MOA1: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s Affidavit at p 43.

Total sales consideration after deducted [sic] all incidental expenses $120M  
  
– assumed to be $102M  
  

66 Using the above example, MOA1 might have appeared, on its face, reasonable
to the recipients of the email. Of a total assumed net sale proceeds of $120m,
$102m (or 85%) represented the hypothetical market values of the units and the
remaining $18m (or 15%) would be the second tier distributed equally to all 36
units based on their equal one share value. Based on these hypothetical
figures, one might even say that this iteration of MOA1 gave a lot more
prominence to valuation (and inferentially, size and use of the units) and
significantly less prominence to share value. However, the landscape altered
dramatically once the actual numbers were applied to MOA1, based on the
revised reserve price of $148m. Of this sum, the total valuation of the 36
units in the Development amounted to $71m (or 48% of the revised reserve
price, down from 85% in the hypothetical example above). The balance of $77m
(which had now increased from 15% in the hypothetical to 52%) was to be
distributed by share value. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Exhibit “D8”.

The actual figures, when plugged in, revealed a significant skew in favour of
the owners of the smallest office units, to the detriment of not just the
retail and F&B units but also of the larger office units. It is thus not
altogether surprising or unreasonable that the larger retail/F&B unit owners
in the CSC, and other office unit owners in the CSC could see that MOA1 was
inequitable when confronted with the actual figures (see [50]). I come back to
this at [102] below.

67 The evidence indicated that the CSC members exercised independent judgment,
taking into account the representations made by Ms Sim and/or the 1st
plaintiff. The method of apportionment was discussed over multiple CSC
meetings, and debated by the CSC members. It can be seen from the meeting
minutes that the CSC members referenced C&W’s recommendations and adopted the
premium variance test as a methodology to determine the fairness of a proposed
apportionment method. As explained above, C&W’s advice regarding using the
premium variance test as a tool was unobjectionable.

68 It would be useful at this juncture to go into greater detail as to what
transpired at the 4th CSC meeting, when the majority of the CSC members
provisionally accepted MOA2. The meeting minutes show that Ms Sim had
initially suggested a method of apportionment constituting 80% valuation and
20% share value. Mr Phee then suggested that MOA1 be adopted, and he was
supported by the defendant and the 3rd plaintiff. Mr Daryanani and Mr Alex
Seah disagreed with MOA1 as it “severely disadvantaged the retail units”. Ms
Sim gave her opinion that MOA1 was inequitable, due to its wide premium
variance. This opinion was shared not just by the 1st plaintiff but also by
another CSC member Ms Poh Khim Hong, representing the owner of several office
units on the 11th floor. The minutes also record that during the meeting,
other permutations of apportionment methods were tested to reduce the premium
variance. The 1st plaintiff suggested that strata area be a component added
into the method of apportionment, in response to the defendant’s suggestion
that only valuation and share value be considered in the apportionment method.
The minutes record that eventually, after much deliberation and discussion,
the CSC members tentatively accepted MOA2 which had a smaller premium variance
compared to MOA1. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at pp 268–269.

69 In my view, the CSC members had a genuine choice when deciding whether or
not to vote for MOA2, and the majority voted in favour of it. In doing so, I
am satisfied that they exercised independent judgment as opposed to placing
blind faith or trust in C&W’s opinions. The defendant claimed that Ms Sim had
“threatened to resign”, such that the CSC had “no alternative” but to use the
premium variance test and vote for MOA2. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 2(f).

The defendant also claimed that Mr Phee did not agree with the use of the
premium variance test, but accepted MOA2 because he had no choice even though
he was unhappy about it. The defendant relied on emails that Mr Phee sent on
16 April 2018 to the defendant and to the CSC to support his contention. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 2(h), 3.

70 However, the alleged unhappiness of Mr Phee in his email was, to me,
neither here nor there – ultimately, Mr Phee voted in favour of MOA2 and
further, did not raise MOA1 or any objections to MOA2 at the EGM. I note that
Mr Phee stated in his email that many other unit owners would not agree to
discarding MOA1 as they would be giving up too much in terms of losses. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s Affidavit at p 52.

In a separate email to the defendant also sent on 16 April 2018, Mr Phee
mentioned that his son and daughter-in-law, who owned three other units in the
Development, were dissatisfied with having to do away with MOA1 because they
would be making “big sacrifices” in agreeing to MOA2 instead of MOA1. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s Affidavit at p 54.

Even assuming this was the case, the fact is that they too signed the CSA and
did not object to the sale. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Tan Thiam Chye’s Affidavit at p 87 (Nos 8, 10 and 11).

I pause here to mention that the defendant could have called Mr Phee or any of
the other CSC members as his witnesses to buttress or corroborate his claims
that the CSC was, effectively, duped or forced into agreeing to MOA2 or that
there was unhappiness or turmoil within the CSC on MOA2, but he did not do so.

71 There was also no evidence to suggest that the CSC members were coerced in
any way to adopt the premium variance test, or to vote for MOA2. Ms Sim
testified that she informed the CSC that if a method of apportionment adopted
was skewed and unfairly advantaged some owners, she would have to discharge
herself. If the CSC members wished to adopt MOA1, or any other apportionment
method, they were at liberty to vote accordingly and discharge Ms Sim. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Certified Transcript (1 April 2020), at pp 134, lns 2 to 8 and p 136, ln 18 to
p 137, ln 2.

72 To my mind, this somewhat robust response by Ms Sim demonstrated resolve by
C&W as the marketing agents to ensure that they discharged their
responsibilities without fear or favour, even if it meant causing unhappiness
amongst the CSC members. I digress slightly here. A lot of the difficulties in
this case quite possibly stemmed, in my opinion, from a preconceived view
among a number of the owners and CSC members that MOA1 was inherently fair and
a good formula to work with. However, once the actual figures were available
(see [66] above), the premium variance test, among others, demonstrated quite
starkly that this was not the case and that MOA1 was inherently unfair. The
revelation by Ms Sim to the CSC of the unfairness of MOA1 may have caught a
number of CSC members by surprise. Whilst it may have been a somewhat bitter
pill to swallow for some of the CSC members when told that MOA1 would not pass
muster, this did not mean they were misled or coerced by Ms Sim or the 1st
plaintiff into abandoning MOA1 and adopting MOA2. Indeed, the CSC was given
more time to reflect on MOA2 and the figures as it was only tentatively
adopted at the 4th CSC meeting. At the 5th CSC meeting and only after yet
further discussions on the apportionment method, the CSC decided to move
forward with MOA2.

73 The defendant also complained that MOA2 was voted on in less than two
hours, which according to him, was a “record speed and achievement”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 110.

However, this is not entirely accurate. MOA2 was first discussed and
deliberated on in detail at the 4th CSC meeting, which lasted for about 2
hours 10 minutes. At that meeting, MOA2 was tentatively agreed upon. At the
5th CSC meeting which also lasted some 2 hours 10 minutes, the discussions
continued and the CSC then decided definitively to move forward with MOA2. In
fairness, one should consider at least the total amount of time taken at the
4th and 5th CSC meetings. Of the approximately 4 and a half hours in total, I
surmise the lion’s share would have been taken up by discussions and debate on
the apportionment method. I thus disagreed that in the circumstances, the
decision to vote on and proceed with MOA2 was one taken by the CSC “willy
nilly” or with a lack of good faith.

74 In my judgment, there was no credible evidence that MOA1 was abandoned
because of false representations made by Ms Sim and/or the 1st plaintiff. The
minutes from the relevant CSC meetings show that involved and robust
discussions had taken place on the methods of apportionment at more than one
meeting. Having assessed the evidence in its entirety and holistically, it was
clear to me that the decision-making process of the CSC was conducted in good
faith.

(3) Alleged abrogation of duties as members/chairperson of the CSC

75 The defendant also submitted that the 1st plaintiff should have called for
another professional opinion to test Ms Sim’s representations, and that the
other members of the CSC did not act in the interests of all the subsidiary
proprietors. However, in my view, the other CSC members, like the 1st
plaintiff, could legitimately refer to the premium variance test. Utilising
that test as a tool, they could reasonably hold the view that MOA2 was fair
and equitable. The other CSC members were also legitimately entitled to rely
on the advice given to them by experienced professionals from reputable
organisations, just as the 1st plaintiff was.

76 It can be seen from the discussion above that the defendant levelled all
manner of criticisms against the 1st plaintiff and other CSC members. However,
it bears repeating that the defendant was himself also a member of the CSC. If
the defendant had doubts about the premium variance test or was of the view
that another professional opinion was necessary, he could have raised it
during the CSC meetings, but did not.

77 As I have detailed above, the evidence demonstrated that the CSC members
sought professional advice from a reputable property marketing agent, had the
benefit of legal advice, and carefully considered the advice given to them in
coming to their decision to adopt MOA2. In light of all this evidence, it
could not be said that in the circumstances, the 1st plaintiff or the CSC
members abrogated their duties to the subsidiary proprietors.

78 For all of the foregoing reasons, the CSC and its appointed marketing agent
did, in my judgment, fulfil their duties as fiduciaries in good faith in
adopting MOA2 as the method of distributing the sale proceeds from the
collective sale of the Development. Their conduct did not in any way fall foul
of any of the obligations spelt out in Horizon Towers ([38] supra) and as
summarised in The Albracca ([17] supra) at [27]–[28].

The Second Objection: MOA2 was not fair, reasonable or equitable

Parties’ cases

Defendant’s case

79 The defendant’s second objection was that MOA2 was not a fair, reasonable
or equitable method of apportionment. He also contended that it was not his
case that MOA1 should have been adopted or that MOA1 was fairer than MOA2. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 100.

80 A central plank of the defendant’s criticism of MOA2 revolved around what
constituted common property. The defendant claimed that common property
included all of the land on which the Development sits. In support of this
contention, the defendant relied on the Development’s Certificate of Title 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Exhibit “D6”.

(“CT”) and the Subsidiary Strata Certificate of Title (“SSCT”) of one of his
units in the Development. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Exhibit “D7”.

The defendant argued that these documents showed that each of the subsidiary
proprietor’s share value represented their “1/36 share in the land” which was
part of the common property. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 101.

The two-tier apportionment method in MOA1, so the defendant argued,
distributed the premium from the sale proceeds based on the share value of
each subsidiary proprietor, such that they would each receive 1/36 of the
premium value. This ensured that the share value of the subsidiary proprietors
would not be “diluted”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 107.

The defendant contended that his case was supported by s 84A of the LTSA, and
that the $77 million to be distributed in the second tier of MOA1 must be the
value of the common property. This, the defendant submitted, was equated to
the land on which the Development sits as it is the only part of “common
property” that has a real tangible value. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 108.

Given the defendant’s definition of “common property”, and his claim that the
subsidiary proprietors are entitled to a 1/36th share of the common property,
the two-tier apportionment method in MOA1 was fair and equitable. It gave due
recognition to the subsidiary proprietor’s inalienable right to the land as
tenants-in-common in accordance with their share value. MOA2, on the other
hand, sought to unfairly and wrongly dilute that right.

81 The defendant further submitted that the allotment of the share value in
the Development is unique, as it did not correlate with the size of the units.
As each unit had one share value, each unit’s owner paid an equal amount
towards the maintenance and sinking funds irrespective of size. As a result,
the smaller units had been paying a disproportionate sum of maintenance over
the past 49 years. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 113.

This disproportionate contribution should, according to the defendant, be
taken into account when determining the apportionment method to be adopted.
109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 17.

82 Lastly, by using the premium variance test, the plaintiffs were seeking to
circumvent and dilute the share value allocation, thereby giving more of the
sale proceeds to the larger units and denying the subsidiary proprietors of
their rights to 1/36 of the common property. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 113.

Plaintiff’s case

83 The plaintiffs, on other hand, submitted that the land on which the
Development sits is not part of common property, as seen from the definition
of “common property” in the LTSA. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 76–82.

Further, under a strata scheme, a person buys a “strata lot and the
accompanying undivided share in the common property”, and it would be
erroneous in the context of a collective sale to attribute ownership of a
specific part of the land or the common property to a subsidiary proprietor.
112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 83.

There is also no basis to attribute the $77 million or the entire $148 million
to common property. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 89.

The value of $148 million is the potential value of the land from the
purchaser’s point of view, whereas the valuation of $71 million is the
existing value of the Development. The difference of $77 million is the
“amount over and above what all the [subsidiary proprietors] would get if they
had individually sold their units in the open market, without it being a
collective sale”, and should not be attributed to common property. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 92–93.

84 The plaintiffs also argued that MOA1 was untenable and inequitable. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 26.

They relied on a table prepared by their expert, Mr Liaw, which showed that
adopting MOA1 would be detrimental to the minority larger retail and F&B units
in the Development. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 44

According to the calculations made by Mr Liaw, the premium variance based on a
revised reserve price of $148 million was 106% under MOA1. This large premium
variance “suggests that certain units are obtaining far more premium from the
sale price at the expense of other units, which may make it inequitable to the
latter”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 45.

For example, the difference in premium between a retail unit such as #01-01,
and the defendant’s unit #10-02, which was one of the smallest office units,
was about 107% (144% for the defendant’s unit less 37% for unit #01-01). Even
amongst the office units, comparing an office unit with the biggest strata
area and the defendant’s unit, the difference in premium was 28% (144% for the
defendant’s unit less 116% for the biggest office unit). 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at p 16.

As such, MOA1 resulted in an uneven spread of premiums (percentage-wise)
between the units of different uses, benefiting the office units by a
significant margin. The plaintiffs submitted that if the CSC had adopted MOA1,
it would not have been acting in good faith. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 45–52.

85 Apart from the wide premium variance, MOA1 also reversed what was described
by Mr Liaw as the unit rate per square foot (“psf”), to the detriment of the
larger units. The common market understanding is that a ground floor
retail/F&B unit would have a higher market value psf compared to an upper
floor office unit. However, under MOA1, the psf (as a function of the sale
proceeds) for the smallest office units was higher than that of the larger
retail and F&B units, and also that of the larger office units. The owners of
the larger units and the majority of the office units therefore would not
therefore accept MOA1. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 53–57.

86 In relation to the defendant’s arguments that maintenance fees should be
taken into account, the plaintiffs submitted that a collective sale exercise
is not the appropriate avenue through which any recovery of such payments can
be made. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 37.

Further, there are multiple errors in the defendant’s calculations of the
maintenance fees allegedly paid by him. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 30–36.

MOA2 also did have a component apportioning 20% based on share value, which
recognised the maintenance fees which have been paid by all subsidiary
proprietors. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 40.

87 The plaintiff further submitted that in contrast, MOA2 was fair and
equitable to all the subsidiary proprietors. The premium variance derived from
using MOA2 was 48% (based on the revised sale price of $148 million), which
was lower than the variance that resulted from using MOA1. Further, the range
of premiums in psf terms was also evened out across the different uses of the
units. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 95–97, p 36.

Further, MOA2 was an appropriate apportionment method to use for the
Development, as it gave due consideration to the fact that the units in the
Development had different attributes. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 99.

Finally, MOA2 was also in line with the SISV’s Valuation Standards and
Practice Guidelines (2015 Edition). 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 111.

Analysis and decision

88 With regard to the defendant’s contention that it was not his case that
MOA1 was fair and equitable or that it should have been adopted over MOA2, I
found it difficult to accept this submission. In seeking to criticise MOA2, a
substantial part of the defendant’s case was that MOA1 was fair because it
gave, according to the defendant, full legal recognition to share value.
Further, the defendant maintained that MOA1 already had the support or
acceptance of a majority of owners when the enbloc process commenced, only to
be scuttled by Ms Sim and/or the 1st plaintiff at the 4th CSC meeting. The
defendant’s own expert, in addition to commenting on MOA2, devoted an entire
section of his report seeking to demonstrate that MOA1 was fair and legally
justified. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Chan Hiap Kong’s Affidavit at pp 21–24.

If indeed it was not the defendant’s case that MOA1 should have been adopted
or was fairer than MOA2, then that concession in fact weakened the defendant’s
case in challenging the good faith of the transaction.

89 I also disagreed with the defendant’s premises that (i) the remaining sum
of $77m (after deducting the valuation of $71m from the total revised sale
price of $148m) represented the value of the common property, (ii) common
property included the very land on which the Development stood, and (iii) in
law, each subsidiary proprietor had an inalienable right to 1/36 of the common
property which included the land on which the Development stood. Those
premises were, in my view, erroneous and involved a misreading of the
definitions of common property in, inter alia, the LTSA. In this regard, I
found the plaintiffs’ submissions more persuasive. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 76–93.

90 Section 84A(1) of the LTSA states that an application is made for “an order
for the sale of all the lots and common property in a strata title plan”. It
is, however, somewhat of a leap for the defendant to claim that therefore,
based on s 84A(1) LTSA, the difference between the total collective sale price
and the valuation of the strata lots must be the value of the common property.
Section 84A of the LTSA makes no mention of such a division of the purchase
price in a collective sale, and does not concern the division of sale
proceeds.

91 Whilst the defendant asserted that common property included the land that
the Development stood on, no authority was cited to support this assertion. Mr
Tan instead referred me to s 2(1) of the Building Maintenance and Strata
Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed) (“BMSMA”) and s 3 of the LTSA for the
definition of “common property” in those Acts. However, nothing in those
definitions supported the proposition that “common property” includes the very
land on which the Development stands. For reference, the definition of “common
property” in s 3 LTSA relevant to these proceedings is set out as follows (the
same definition is found in the BMSMA):

“common property”, subject to subsection (2), means —

(a) in relation to any land and building comprised or to be comprised in a
strata title plan, such part of the land and building —

(i) not comprised in any lot or proposed lot in that strata title plan; and

(ii) used or capable of being used or enjoyed by occupiers of 2 or more lots
or proposed lots;

…

(c) in relation to any land and building mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b),
any of the following whether or not comprised in a lot, proposed lot or non-
strata lot:

(i) the pipes, wires, cables or ducts which are used, or capable of being used
or enjoyed, by occupiers of 2 or more lots, proposed lots or non-strata lots
(as the case may be) within that land or building, or are used or capable of
being used for the servicing or enjoyment of the common property;

(ii) the cubic space enclosed by a structure enclosing pipes, wires, cables or
ducts mentioned in sub-paragraph (i);

(iii) any structural element of the building;

(iv) the waterproof membrane attached to an external wall or a roof;

Examples

(a) A foundation, load-bearing wall, column or beam, a shear core, strut,
ground anchor, slab (not including any layer that is the underlayment or the
flooring finishing), truss and common staircase.

(b) An external wall, or a roof or façade of a building which is used or
enjoyed, or capable of being used or enjoyed, by occupiers of 2 or more lots,
proposed lots or non-strata lots.

(c) A garden, sporting or recreational facility, car park or parking area for
other vehicles, none of which are comprised in a lot, proposed lot or non-
strata lot.

(d) A central air-conditioning system and its appurtenances, and a fire
sprinkler protection system and its appurtenances.

(e) Any chute, pipe, wire, cable, duct or facility for the passage or
provision of water, sewage, drainage, gas, oil, electricity, telephone, radio,
television, garbage, heating or cooling systems, or any other similar
services.

92 I agreed with the plaintiffs that based on, inter alia, the definitions of
“land”, “common property” and “strata title plan” in s 3(1) LTSA, common
property is simply any land or building that is not already part of a strata
lot and which may be used or enjoyed or capable of being used or enjoyed by
occupiers of two or more lots.

93 On a plain reading, any “land” (which has the same meaning in the LTSA as
in the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed), ie “the surface of any defined
parcel of earth … [including] the subterranean space below [that surface] and
… the column of airspace above [that] surface”) or building which is part of a
strata lot cannot constitute common property. This portion of the land is also
not used or enjoyed or capable of being used or enjoyed by occupiers of two or
more lots. It is not logical, therefore, for the entire land area stipulated
in the CT to constitute “common property”, as the defendant asserted. A
perusal of the examples listed in s 3 LTSA and s 2(1) BMSMA also suggests that
the intended definition of “common property” does not also encompass the
entire land on which the Development stands.

94 The statement in the SSCT which the defendant sought to rely on states that
the subsidiary proprietor’s share “in the common property of the whole land
lot … is 1 out of 36 shares” [emphasis added], and not of the “whole land”.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Exhibit D7 at p 4; cf Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 26.

It is clear that the subsidiary proprietor’s share is in 1/36 of the common
property of the land lot, and not 1/36 of the common property comprising the
entire land or 1/36 of the land. It is also clear that the definitions in the
LTSA and BMSMA draw a distinction between strata lots and common property
which, together, comprise the whole land lot in the strata title plan. It is
for this reason that the SSCT, for example, refers to each subsidiary
proprietor owning 1/36 of the common property of the whole land lot.

95 The defendant’s proposition that “common property” included the entire land
on which the Development sits was also untenable when viewed in the context of
the LTSA and BMSMA. First, the need for the concept of “common property” is to
delineate the parts of the Development for which the management corporation
has a duty to repair or maintain (see Teo Keang Sood, Strata Title and
Commonhold – A Look at Selected Aspects of the Singapore and English
Legislation (2008) SJLS 420 at pp 424–425; s 29(1)(b)(i) BMSMA). In Sit Kwong
Lam v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2645 [2018] 1 SLR 790 at
[61], the Court of Appeal held that “any area or installation in respect of
which the management corporation had assumed a duty to control, manage,
administer or maintain would presumptively be taken to have satisfied the
second limb” of s 2(1) BMSMA, ie, that the part of the land and building was
used or capable of being used or enjoyed by occupiers of two or more lots or
proposed lots, unless shown otherwise. The Court of Appeal also noted at [51]
that the LTSA and BMSMA were enacted to ensure the proper upkeep of common
areas (see also Frontfield Investment Holding (Pte) Ltd v Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 938 and others [2001] 2 SLR(R) 410 at [29]
where the High Court recognised that the management corporation has a
responsibility to maintain common property for the benefit of all
proprietors).

96 It cannot, therefore, logically be the case that the management corporation
has a responsibility to repair and/or maintain the entire area reflected in
the CT, including the land comprised in strata lots or the entire land on
which the Development sits.

97 Second, the land strata title scheme does not lend itself to the division
of the land or the common property between subsidiary proprietors, and each
subsidiary proprietor therefore cannot claim to own a specific portion of the
land or common property. As stated by the Court of Appeal in Abraham Aaron
Isaac v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 664 [1999] 2 SLR(R) 287 at
[22]:

…Section 13(1) of the [LTSA] provides that: “…the common property shall be
held by the subsidiary proprietors as tenants in common proportional to their
respective share value and for the same term and tenure as their respective
lots are held by them”. As such, all the subsidiary proprietors have unity of
possession, and no subsidiary proprietor can claim possession of a separate
part of the property against another: Poh Kiong Kok v MCST Plan No 581 [1990]
1 SLR(R) 617.

The plaintiffs also pointed me to the second reading of the Land Titles
(Strata) (Amendment) Bill 1998 (Bill 28 of 1998) (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (31 July 1998) vol 69) at col 632 (Assoc Prof Ho Peng
Kee, Minister of State for Law)), where it was noted by the Minister that a
person “buys into … a strata lot. He buys into common property. He is
designated share values in common property. He has no specific land lot.”
(emphasis added). I was also referred to the third reading of the same bill
(see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (4 May 1999) vol 70 at
col 1342 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law)), where the Minister stated
that:

In strata title, there is no delineation of the subsidiary proprietor’s
identifiable plot of land. There is no such thing. You have, in common with
the other subsidiary proprietors, a certain share value of the land area as
well as a share value of all the common properties, and when we talk about
common properties, it covers a whole range from carparks, the pool, the
garden, lifts, corridors, external walls, columns, roads, drainage, sewerage
and gas pipes and electric cables serving the development. So there is a
distinction. When we talk about strata titles, the concept is different [from
that of landed property]. You are having an identifiable airspace but with
respect to land and other common properties, you have common ownership
together with the rest of the subsidiary proprietors according to the share
values.

[emphasis added]

98 Third, the way in which certificates of title are issued was, in my view,
consistent with and supported the conclusion that common property does not
constitute the entire land area reflected in the certificate of title on which
the strata development stands. As explained by Professor Teo Keang Sood in his
article Management Corporation: Common Property and Structural Defects (2016)
SJLS 149 at pp 153–154:

… Under the LTSA, the common property is held by the unit owners as tenants-
in-common. While a subsidiary strata certificate of title is issued for a
unit, no such certificate of title is to be issued for the common property.
The certificate of title in respect of the land on which the strata
development stands is to be retained by the Registrar of Titles after the
issuance of the relevant subsidiary strata certificates of title. Following
from the above, it is clear that the common property is vested in the unit
owners as aforesaid and not in the management corporation. Accordingly, it is
to be noted that a unit owner’s subsidiary strata certificate of title issued
in respect of his unit shall also certify therein his share in the common
property and there is no separate certificate of title issued for the common
property…

[emphasis added]

99 Thus, the defendant was, in my view, working on a flawed starting premise
to support his position that MOA2 was not fair or equitable.

100 With regard to the concern raised by the defendant that the maintenance
fees had not been fairly or proportionately split between the units as a
result of each unit having one share value regardless of strata area, this
point was not, in my view, relevant to whether the method of apportionment
chosen was fair and equitable. In any event, the defendant’s argument that the
smaller units had been subsidising the larger units due to the unfair split in
maintenance fees did not stand up to scrutiny. The defendant alleged that the
larger units would necessarily consume more of the common utilities, as they
had a “bigger place to maintain”, 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Certified Transcript (2 April 2020) at p 127 lns 3 to 4.

but it is not clear why that would be the case. On this point, the 1st
plaintiff testified that each unit paid for their own electricity. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Certified Transcript (31 March 2020) at p 115 lns 10 to 11.

Also, the ground floor retail units would have had no or little use for the
lifts but would have had to pay for their maintenance when the biggest users
would have been the 32 office units. Similarly, the 32 office units would
collectively consume more of the central air-conditioning than the retail/F&B
units. Overall, I found the contention that the smaller units had been
subsidising the larger retail/F&B units over a number of decades unconvincing
and somewhat one-sided.

101 Despite the defendant’s contention that it was not his case that MOA1 was
fairer than MOA2 (see [79] above), it was nevertheless relevant, in my view,
to compare MOA1 with MOA2. This is because the comparison assisted in
informing whether the CSC’s decision to adopt MOA2 and put it to the EGM was
made in good faith.

102 On this comparison, I found Mr Liaw’s evidence to be logical and
persuasive. Mr Liaw compared MOA1 and MOA2, and explained that under MOA2, the
range of premium per unit (in psf terms) was relatively small within each
group of units (ie, shops vs office). On the other hand, that range was much
larger under MOA1. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Certified Transcript (2 April 2020) at p 106 ln 8 to p 107 ln 3; Liaw Sin
Hai’s Affidavit at p 21

Next, Mr Liaw pointed out that under MOA1, the office units obtained a premium
in percentage terms substantially above the average while the retail units
obtained a premium in percentage terms substantially below the average. In
contrast, the range of premiums was narrowed in the case of MOA2. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Certified Transcript (2 April 2020), at p 107 ln 4 to p 108, ln 9; Liaw Sin
Hai’s Affidavit at p 21.

Finally, Mr Liaw used the premium variance test as a tool to stress test both
methods, and it showed that a much smaller variance was obtained under MOA2
than under MOA1. MOA2 also demonstrated one of the tightest premium variances
and served to confirm Mr Liaw’s opinion that MOA2 was fair and equitable.
Importantly, under MOA2, the spread of premium over valuation was more evenly
distributed whether by use types or size and in percentage terms, the office
units still enjoyed a higher level of premium relative to their valuations.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Liaw Sin Hai’s Affidavit at p 21.

103 In my judgment, all these indicia pointed to the conclusion that MOA2 was
fair and equitable, and was properly adopted by the CSC. They also lent
credence to the plaintiffs’ case that the process (or transaction) was carried
out in good faith. Overall, I preferred the evidence of the plaintiffs’ expert
Mr Liaw to the defendant’s expert Mr Chan – the latter’s answers were in parts
not entirely logical. Mr Chan’s report and conclusions on MOA1 were also based
on the incorrect premise that common property included all of the land on
which the Development stood.

104 I would add that MOA2 received a high percentage of support of 90.48% 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Yeo Sok Hoon’s 1st Affidavit at p 327.

at the EGM. There was no suggestion by the defendant of any coercion or undue
influence being exercised during the voting. That level of support for MOA2 at
the EGM did, in my view, go some way to indicate that the CSC members had been
able to arrive, as best as they could, at an apportionment method that was a
fair and equitable option to all the subsidiary proprietors.

105 A final word on MOA1. Having heard the evidence and considered the
parties’ arguments, I agreed that MOA1 was, objectively, unfair. It was unfair
not only unfair to the retail/F&B units, but also to the largest office units
such as #04-03 to #11-03, each with a strata area of 121 square metres. The
disparity in the premium received by the smallest office units as compared to
the largest office units (ie, 28%) was not marginal or insubstantial (see
[84]). The defendant did not address this point in his closing or reply
submissions.

106 For completeness, the defendant also suggested, in his closing
submissions, that there were other possible modifications that could have been
made to MOA1 had the CSC been given the opportunity to explore them. For
example, the defendant suggested that the four largest retail units could be
given a “top-up” to their valuations from the second tier pool of funds, and
for the remaining proceeds to thereafter be distributed equally by share
value. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 10.

In my view, this was a submission made on hindsight and as an afterthought.
The defendant did not raise this option at any of the CSC meetings even though
the CSC members were then testing out different permutations of apportionment
methods. It was also not raised in his affidavit or put to any of the
plaintiff’s witnesses when they gave evidence. I placed no weight on this
argument which was raised very late in the day and say no more about it.

107 For the foregoing reasons, I also rejected the defendant’s second
objection. MOA2 was in my judgment not unfair, unreasonable or inequitable. On
the contrary, it was fair and equitable to all the owners of the Development,
as far as the circumstances would permit. It achieved a distribution of the
sale proceeds that did not significantly favour or disfavour any particular
owner in the Development.

Conclusion

108 For the above reasons, and after having carefully considered all of the
evidence holistically, I found that the transaction was made in good faith,
taking into account the method of distribution of the sale proceeds. That was
the only objection raised by the defendant in these proceedings. As I found
against the defendant, I granted the plaintiffs’ application for an order for
the collective sale of the Development and quashed the stop order dated 7
November 2019 issued by the STB.

109 As costs followed the event, the plaintiffs were awarded the costs of the
proceedings. The parties could not agree on the quantum of costs and
disbursements. I thus directed that they file written submissions on costs.
After considering the parties’ submissions, I fixed costs at S$70,000 and
disbursements at S$53,525.54 to be paid by the defendant to the plaintiffs.

S Mohan  
Judicial Commissioner

Aw Jansen and Ngaim Ruo Ling (Donaldson & Burkinshaw LLP) for the plaintiffs;

Tan Denis and Thomas Ng Hoe Lun (Circular Law Chambers LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

