Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC(I) 10

Suit No 3 of 2018

Between

| Baker, Michael A (executor of the estate of Chantal Burnison, deceased)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| BCS Business Consulting Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Marcus Weber  
(3)| Renslade Holdings Limited  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Trusts] —— [Express trust] — [Formation]

[Trusts] —— [Resulting trusts] —— [Formation]

[Contract] —— [Illegality and public policy] —— [Illegality under
international and foreign law]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Baker, Michael A (executor of the estate of Chantal Burnison, deceased)

  
v

  

BCS Business Consulting Services Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC(I) 10

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 3 of 2018  
Quentin Loh J; Carolyn Berger IJ; Dominique Hascher IJ  
11–16 November 2019; 3, 6 February 2020

29 April 2020 Judgment reserved.

Quentin Loh J, Carolyn Berger IJ and Dominique Hascher IJ:

The parties

1 The plaintiff, Michael Baker (“Baker”), is the executor of the estate of
Chantal Burnison (“Chantal” or “the Estate”, as the case may be), who
succumbed to cancer on 2 October 2016 in Los Angeles. Baker is a practising
attorney in the State of California and was a friend and confidante of
Chantal. Chantal, who divorced her husband in 1993, is survived by two
daughters, Heika Burnison (“Heika”) born in 1987 and Birka Burnison (“Birka”)
born in 1990.

2 The 2nd defendant, Marcus Weber (“Weber”), is a Swiss national who operated
out of Zurich until 2002 when he obtained a permit to work in Singapore. Weber
became a permanent resident of Singapore in 2003.

3 The 1st defendant, BCS Business Consulting Services Pte Ltd (“BCS”), is a
company incorporated in Singapore on 31 March 1999. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1 Agreed Bundle (“AB”) pp 257–258.

It was incorporated as BCS Business Commercial Services Pte Ltd with a change
of name to its present name on 26 July 2002. Weber is a director and the sole
shareholder of BCS. The 3rd defendant, Renslade Holdings Limited (“Renslade
(HK)”) is a company incorporated in Hong Kong on 5 November 2007 and Weber is
the sole shareholder of Renslade (HK). It is not disputed that Weber in effect
owns and controls BCS and Renslade (HK). A reference to “the Defendants”
includes a reference to Weber, BCS and/or Renslade (HK) as the context so
requires.

4 Baker, as executor of Chantal’s estate, sues the Defendants for breach of
fiduciary duties as trustees under an oral trust or oral agreement to hold and
manage assets for Chantal and for breach of a loan agreement of Swiss Francs
(“CHF”) 9.5 million with 3% p.a. interest (“the Loan Agreement”). Renslade
(HK) is sued for dishonestly assisting BCS and Weber in their breach of
fiduciary duties. The Defendants are also sued for conspiring and acting
together with the intention of injuring Chantal and/or the Estate.

The background

5 The following background facts are not really in dispute. Insofar as they
are, they constitute our findings of fact. Chantal co-invented a compound
called Ethocyn in 1980. Her co-inventor, one Walter J. Kasha (“Walter”), does
not feature in the evidence but nothing turns on that. The Ethocyn compound
had to be manufactured or synthesized in a laboratory. It was a skin product
that was said to make the skin look younger and better toned. There was a
finished product sold over the counter or through other channels like
television and telemarketing. The Ethocyn compound was also sold to cosmetic
manufacturers who would incorporate this compound into their products.

6 Chantal was a gifted individual. As a chemist and scientist, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1 AB p 269.

she co-invented the Ethocyn compound and co-authored a number of articles in
relation to compounds and products in relation to her areas of interest and
work. She was also a Member of the California State Bar from 1981 with a juris
doctor degree (1981, the University of West Los Angeles) and was admitted to
practice in the Supreme Court of California and the Central District Court.
She was a partner in a law firm, Allison Williamson & Burnison (1981-1983) and
General Corporate Counsel to a public pesticide company. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1 AB pp 527–528.

7 Sometime prior to 21 May 1982, Chantal and Walter assigned their rights to
the inventions and patents of Ethocyn (“the Ethocyn Rights”) to CBD Inc, a
Californian company, which in turn licensed the Ethocyn Rights to CBD
Pharmaceutical Corporation (which was incorporated in 1979 as Innovations
International Inc and changed its name to Chantal Pharmaceutical Corporation
in 1982). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1 AB p 269.

On 21 May 1982, CBD Pharmaceutical Corporation licensed those rights to
Chantal Pharmaceutical Corporation (“Chantal Pharmaceutical”). In March 1994,
Chantal Pharmaceutical licensed the Ethocyn Rights to Chantal Skin Care
Corporation (“CSC”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Baker’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) at paras 16–18.

Chantal Pharmaceutical and CSC will be collectively referred to as “the
Chantal Companies” in this judgment. All the aforementioned companies are
Californian corporations. For the purposes of this judgment, we find, and it
is not really in dispute, that Chantal was resident in California, more
particularly, in or in the vicinity of Los Angeles. However, her business
encompassed at least the USA, Asia and Europe.

8 On 6 May 1996, a class action was commenced against Chantal Pharmaceutical
and Chantal by purchasers of the common stock of Chantal Pharmaceutical for
allegedly issuing false statements on the financial performance of Chantal
Pharmaceutical by overstating its revenues, which operated to artificially
inflate the price of Chantal’s common stock. It was alleged that Chantal sold
at least 300,000 of her stock for at least US$6.3 million. It is alleged that,
because of these false statements, the stock rose from “$6-9/16 on July 10,
1995 to $28-1/8 on December 29, 1995” but when certain reports concerning its
financial condition surfaced, the stock fell from “$19-1/8 per share to
$7-5/16 per share on January 8, 1996 on a huge volume of 7.7 million shares”.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1 AB pp 160–162.

The class action was brought pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(15 U.S.C. §§78j(b) and 78t(a)) and rules promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission (17 C.F.R. §240.10b-5). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1 AB p 162.

9 That class action was still pending when an involuntary Chapter 11
bankruptcy petition was filed on 17 February 1999 against Chantal
Pharmaceutical. Chantal Pharmaceutical’s subsidiary, CSC, then filed for
voluntary insolvency on 12 March 1999. On the same day, Chantal Pharmaceutical
filed a consent to enter an order for relief and a voluntary petition in the
Chapter 11 case. The order for relief was entered on 15 March 1999 and the
case was thereby converted to a voluntary debtor in possession Chapter 11
case. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1 AB pp 298 and 369.

10 A Creditors’ Committee was appointed by the United States Trustee for the
Chantal Companies. The Creditors’ Committee retained the Kriegsman Group and
an investment banker and the latter also engaged the services of one Stan
Teeple (“Teeple”), a work-out consultant, in locating a potential buyer for
the debtors’ rights and assets. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1 AB p 370; Baker’s AEIC at para 30.

It is not in dispute that a prospectus was prepared and sent out to about 20
prospective buyers. A draft of this prospectus was sent to Chantal and her
lawyer on 19 June 1999 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1 AB p 264.

which was said to be prepared by one Jerry Seelig (a Managing Director with
the Kriegsman Group 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1 AB p 266.

) based on an earlier version by Teeple. There is evidence, marked “Draft”, of
a reply from Mr Esterkin, Chantal’s lawyer, noting, inter alia, that Chantal
had no control over the selection of the Kriegsman Group or its activities or
its gathering of information for the brochure and that she has no control over
the parties to whom the brochure would be sent. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1 AB pp 290–294.

That letter also corrected inaccuracies and distanced Chantal from the
projections made in the brochure. There may have been subsequent discussions
between the parties on the terms and conditions and the sale of the Chantal
Companies’ assets before the prospectus was sent out to prospective buyers
identified and chosen by the Kriegsman Group and/or Teeple as parties likely
to have an interest to purchase the Ethocyn Rights and assets from the Chantal
Companies.

11 There were no bidders for the purchase of the Chantal Companies’ assets
save for a New Zealand corporation, Renslade Holdings Limited (“Renslade
(NZ)”). An asset purchase agreement dated 22 September 1999 (“APA”) was,
subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court, entered into between the Chantal
Companies and Renslade (NZ). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1 AB p 334.

A Joint Motion by the Chantal Companies and the Creditors’ Committee was filed
to seek approval of the sale of the Ethocyn Rights and assets, together with
certain conditions, to Renslade (NZ). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1 AB pp 359–405.

At the hearing of the Joint Motion on 19 October 1999, the Bankruptcy Court
granted the order, inter alia, approving the sale as there were no over
bidders.

12 The material terms of the APA were as follows:

(a) CBD Pharmaceutical transferred its patent rights (which expired in 2004)
to the Chantal Companies; this was effected through a Patent and Licence
Transfer Agreement with the Chantal Companies on 20 October 1999; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2 AB pp 596–602.

(b) the Chantal Companies’ assets were its intangible intellectual property
rights, including the patent rights, licences, trademarks, customer lists and
rights to the patented compounds that included Ethocyn and some miscellaneous
inventory; these were sold and transferred to Renslade (NZ) pursuant to the
order of the Bankruptcy Court for the sum of US$325,000 which was broken down
into a payment of US$75,000 for the assets of the Chantal Companies and
US$250,000 as an advance against the on-going royalty payments based on
revenues from Renslade (NZ)’s future sales (calculated as 2% of the annual
gross revenues as defined in the APA up to US$5 million; 4% of annual gross
revenues in excess of US$5 million and less than US$10 million and 5% of
annual gross revenues in excess of US$10 million);

(c) the transfer of the patent rights and licences to Renslade (NZ) was free
and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims;

(d) certain releases were given by the Chantal Companies for possible claims
against CBD Pharmaceuticals, their agents, employees, attorneys, successors
and assigns including Chantal; and

(e) as a condition of the sale, Chantal entered into a consultancy agreement
with Renslade (NZ) to serve as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on agreed
terms which included a payment of US$100,000 a year for business transition
services and US$50,000 a year for similar services to Renslade (NZ)’s US
subsidiary, E Cosmetics (“the Consultancy Agreement”).

13 On 23 May 2000, Renslade Singapore Pte Ltd (subsequently re-named Renslade
Holdings Pte Ltd (“Renslade (S)”)) was incorporated. The Ethocyn Rights were
subsequently transferred from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S). When exactly this
occurred is not clear. Baker deposes that it was probably sometime in 2002,
between BCS’s name change on 26 July 2002 and Chantal’s email to Weber of 20
September 2002 when she expressed her preference for BCS to be the distributor
of Nu Skin products. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Baker’s AEIC at paras 222–231; 10 AB pp 4998–5000.

There is an assignment of the Ethocyn Rights dated 24 May 2000 from Renslade
(NZ) to Renslade (S), where Weber signed on behalf of Renslade (S). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2 AB p 877.

Evidence emerged that this decision was probably made in September 2001 but it
was decided to backdate this assignment to 24 May 2000. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Notes of Evidence (13 November 2019) at p 79 line 15 to p 80 line 6

14 On or around 22 May 2001, the Class Action Suit against Chantal and the
Chantal Companies was brought to an end with the filing of a Stipulation of
Settlement. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

3 AB p 1069.

15 On 1 April 2002, the Ethocyn Rights were transferred from Renslade (S) to
BCS. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) dated 5 July 2019 (“Statement of Claim
(Amendment No. 3)”) at para 20; Baker’s AEIC at para 227.

16 In 2002, Renslade (S) bought out the Chantal Companies’ rights to the
Ethocyn Royalty (“the Royalty Buyout”) for US$135,000. This Royalty Buyout,
which was supported by the Creditors’ Committee, was sanctioned by the US
Bankruptcy Court on 23 July 2002. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

3 AB pp 1283–1286.

17 As noted above, Renslade (HK) was incorporated in Hong Kong on 5 November
2007. In or around 2007, money was transferred from BCS to Renslade (HK).
There were probably other sums so transferred as Renslade (HK) was used as a
repository of the profits earned from the sale of Ethocyn products.

18 While the facts set out in [13]–[17] are not really in dispute, the
surrounding circumstances, the reasons behind those facts, and the conclusions
to be drawn from them are disputed.

19 Baker, as executor of the Estate, alleges that Chantal provided the monies
for the purchase of the Ethocyn Rights and the Royalty Buyout and set up
Renslade (NZ) to hold these assets. All monies earned over the years from
these Ethocyn Rights belonged to Chantal. These were eventually transferred to
Renslade (S), a company incorporated in Singapore by Weber. Weber alleges that
he was offered and he purchased the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) as a
personal investment opportunity and the Ethocyn Rights and all monies earned
from them belong to him and his companies.

20 This is therefore an appropriate juncture to set out the parties’ pleaded
cases.

The parties’ pleaded cases

The plaintiff’s case

21 When the Chantal Companies filed for bankruptcy, Chantal wanted to purchase
the Ethocyn Rights but she faced opposition. Chantal therefore instructed a
lawyer, Shane Weir (“Weir”), to choose and use a company to purchase those
rights. Weir chose Renslade (NZ). Renslade (NZ) negotiated with the Chantal
Companies and the Creditors’ Committee and reached an agreement as set out in
the APA, the essential terms of which are set out above (at [12]). There were
no other entities willing to purchase those rights despite the efforts of the
Creditors’ Committee, their merchant bankers, the Kriegsman Group and the
experienced work-out specialist, Teeple. The Bankruptcy Court approved the APA
on 19 October 1999. On 20 October 1999, CBD Inc and CBD Pharmaceutical entered
into the Patent and Licence Transfer Agreement with the Chantal Companies to
transfer the Ethocyn Rights to the Chantal Companies, and the Ethocyn Rights
were duly transferred to the Chantal Companies. On or around 20 October 1999,
Renslade (NZ) acquired the Ethocyn Rights for US$325,000 from the Chantal
Companies and this sum was provided by Chantal. Renslade (NZ) held the Ethocyn
Rights on trust for Chantal and Weir was responsible for managing the trust.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 12–13.

22 In or around November 1999, Chantal entered into an agreement with Weber,
pursuant to which Weber would acquire the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ)
and hold any income or proceeds generated from the Ethocyn Rights on trust for
Chantal (“the Trust”, and we shall use the term “the Trust Agreement” as set
out in the parties’ Agreed Issues, see [63] below) (the “Oral Agreement”) on
the following terms: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at para 14.

(a) Renslade (NZ) would transfer the Ethocyn Rights to a company incorporated
in Singapore (“the Acquiring Company”) and owned or controlled by Weber;

(b) the Acquiring Company would not have to provide any monetary consideration
for its receipt of the Ethocyn Rights;

(c) the Acquiring Company and any company that acquired the Ethocyn Rights or
any income or proceeds generated therein, would hold it on trust for Chantal,
save for 5% of the said income or proceeds which would be paid to Weber (“the
Trust Assets”);

(d) the Trust Assets would be ultimately held by a Singapore entity which will
be a trustee; and

(e) Weber would be responsible for managing and overseeing the Trust.

23 By way of an assignment dated 24 May 2000, Chantal transferred the Ethocyn
Rights from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S), a company incorporated in Singapore
on or about 23 May 2000. Weber was the sole shareholder of Renslade (S). By
way of a Deed dated 1 April 2002, Weber transferred the Ethocyn Rights from
Renslade (S) to BCS (“the Deed of Assignment”). BCS became the trustee of the
express trust over the Ethocyn Rights and any income or proceeds generated
from them and of which Chantal was the sole beneficiary. On August 2002,
Renslade (NZ) or Renslade (S) paid US$135,000 to the Chantal Companies to buy
out the Chantal Companies’ rights to the Ethocyn Royalty. This sum was
provided by Chantal. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 19–20A.

24 In the alternative, on the above facts, a resulting trust was created over
the Ethocyn Rights in favour of Chantal as the sole beneficiary. Chantal
provided the sum of around US$325,000 for Renslade (NZ) to acquire the Ethocyn
Rights from the Chantal Companies and a sum of US$135,000 for Renslade (NZ) or
Renslade (S) to buy out the Chantal Companies’ rights to the royalties of the
Ethocyn Rights. When Renslade (NZ) transferred the Ethocyn Rights to Renslade
(S), Renslade (S) did not give any monetary consideration for the transfer.
Chantal did not intend to give the Ethocyn Rights to Renslade (NZ) or Renslade
(S) or to any other company to which the Ethocyn Rights were transferred.
Instead, Chantal and Weber agreed to make Renslade (S) or any other company
which held the Ethocyn Rights the legal owner so as to keep Chantal’s interest
in the Ethocyn Rights confidential. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at para 21.

25 On 26 June 2003, BCS entered into a supply and distribution agreement (“the
Nu Skin SDA”) with Nu Skin International Inc (“Nu Skin”). Chantal negotiated
and executed the Nu Skin SDA on behalf of BCS. Under the Nu Skin SDA, BCS
agreed to supply Ethocyn to Nu Skin for its usage and distribution. In return,
Nu Skin would make direct payments to BCS. From around 2007 to 2017, Nu Skin
made payments under the Nu Skin SDA to BCS. 95% of the monies paid by Nu Skin
to BCS were held on trust for Chantal (“the Trust Monies”), while the
remaining 5% were retained by BCS or Weber as commission. In or around 2016,
the Defendants started retaining 10% of the monies paid by Nu Skin to BCS
without Chantal’s knowledge and/or consent. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 22–24.

26 In or around 2007, Weber informed Chantal that the Trust Monies would be
transferred from BCS to Renslade (HK). Renslade (HK) acted as BCS’s and
Weber’s agent in relation to the Trust Monies. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at para 25.

27 From time to time, upon Chantal’s request, Weber would transfer the Trust
Monies from BCS and/or Renslade (HK) to Chantal, entities controlled by her
and/or entities involved in the production and/or marketing of the Ethocyn
products or protection of the Ethocyn Rights. To date, BCS and/or Renslade
(HK) are still in possession and/or control of all or some of the Trust Monies
and BCS is still in possession of the Trust Assets. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 26–27.

28 In or around June 2014, Weber asked and Chantal agreed to lend Weber CHF6
million from the Trust for Weber’s investment in a ski resort. Weber agreed to
pay 3% interest p.a. on the borrowed sum. In 2015, Chantal discovered that
Weber had in fact taken CHF9.5 million from the Trust instead. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at para 28.

29 In September 2015, Chantal was diagnosed with colon cancer. From May 2016
until her death in October 2016, Chantal repeatedly sought an account of the
Trust Assets and the Trust Monies from the Defendants. After Chantal’s passing
in October 2016, Baker on behalf of the Estate repeatedly sought an account
and return of the Trust Assets and Trust Monies from the Defendants but to no
avail. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 29–30.

30 Heika also attempted to seek an account of the Trust Assets from the
Defendants. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at para 31.

(a) In July 2016, Heika attended a meeting in Zurich with Weber and Urs
Wehinger (“Wehinger”), a Swiss attorney (“the July 2016 Meeting”).

(b) At the July 2016 Meeting, BCS and/or Weber provided a summary of the Trust
Monies owing to Chantal’s Estate. The said summary showed that at least
US$41,823,541.14 is owing to Chantal. Heika discreetly took a photograph of
the said summary. Heika was also shown a note recording the loan of CHF9.5
million; the bond was signed by Weber and stated that CHF9.5 million was
payable with interest of 3% in or around June 2017.

(c) At a meeting on 12 December 2016 (“the December 2016 Meting”), attended by
Heika, Wayne Johnson (“Johnson”, the attorney for Chantal’s Estate), Weber,
Wehinger, and Ralf Wojtek (“Wojtek”, an attorney acting for BCS), the various
means by which the Trust Monies and Trust Assets would be returned and/or
transferred to Chantal’s Estate were discussed. During the December 2016
Meeting, Weber and Wehinger also represented to Heika and Johnson that Weber
had established a foundation and contributed the Trust Assets to the
foundation, with Heika and Birka as the beneficiaries. However, no such
foundation had been established.

31 By way of two letters dated 3 May 2017 and 12 May 2017 from Baker to
Johnson, and Johnson to Wojtek, Baker sought an account of the Trust Monies
and Trust Assets by 15 May 2017. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

10 AB pp 4891–4893.

The Defendants failed to do so.

32 Baker, on behalf of the Estate, makes the following claims against the
Defendants: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 35–39.

(a) BCS breached its fiduciary duty to Chantal or Baker as trustee of the
Trust by failing to provide an account of the Trust and the Trust Monies; and
failing to return the Trust Assets and Trust Monies to the Estate;

(b) Weber breached his fiduciary duty to Chantal and/or Baker as manager of
the Trust by failing to provide an account of the Trust and Trust Monies to
Chantal and Baker; failing to procure BCS and/or Renslade (HK) to return the
Trust Assets and the Trust Monies to the Estate; and failing to return the
CHF9.5 million which Weber took from the Trust in or around 2014 along with 3%
interest;

(c) Weber breached the Loan Agreement by failing to return the CHF9.5 million
with 3% interest;

(d) Renslade (HK) dishonestly assisted BCS and Weber in their breaches of
fiduciary duty; and

(e) the Defendants conspired and/or acted together with the intention of
injuring Chantal and/or Baker.

33 Baker, on behalf of the Estate, claims and/or seeks the following remedies:
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at para 39.

(a) a declaration that BCS and/or Renslade (HK) hold the Trust Assets and/or
Trust Monies on trust for the Estate of Chantal;

(b) an order that the Defendants provide, within 14 days, a detailed account
of all transactions that have taken place in respect of the Trust Assets
and/or Trust Monies;

(c) an order that the Defendants transfer, within 14 days, the Trust Assets
and/or Trust Monies, free from encumbrances, to the Estate of Chantal;

(d) an order for all necessary accounts and inquiries to enable the Estate to
trace and recover the Trust Assets and the Trust Monies;

(e) judgment against Weber for CHF9.5 million together with 3% interest; and

(f) interest and costs.

The Defendants’ defences

34 BCS and Weber deny there was any kind of agreement between Chantal and
Weber for Weber to acquire and hold the Ethocyn Rights and any income or
proceeds generated on trust for Chantal.

35 The Defendants aver that Chantal wished to locate a purchaser for the
Ethocyn Rights and assets held by Renslade (NZ) and Chantal was introduced to
Weber by a mutual friend. Weber saw the sale of the Ethocyn Rights as a good
business opportunity and agreed to purchase the same from Renslade (NZ) for
his own benefit. Renslade (S), a company controlled by Weber, acquired the
assets from Renslade (NZ) for US$325,000 which was paid for by BCS with monies
belonging to BCS and/or Weber and this sum was not provided for by Chantal. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) dated 8 July 2019 (“Defence (Amendment No. 4)”) at
paras 15 and 18C.

36 BCS and Weber acquired the Ethocyn Rights using Renslade (S) because: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 20A.

(a) in 2000, Weber was carrying on business in Singapore through BCS and he
wanted to administer all his businesses from Singapore; and

(b) Weber did not want to transfer the Ethocyn Rights to BCS as BCS already
had other business streams and Weber did not want to conflate those with the
new business concerning the Ethocyn Rights.

37 Nu Skin did not want to contract with Renslade (S) since Renslade (S) was a
shell company. Hence, the Ethocyn Rights were transferred to BCS for BCS to
deal with Nu Skin. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 24A.

38 From 25 May 2000, until her death, Chantal worked for Renslade (S) as a
consultant and assisted Renslade (S) and BCS with the exploitation of the
Ethocyn Rights. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 26A.

39 Pursuant to the Nu Skin SDA, Nu Skin would pay BCS for products made with
Ethocyn. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 28B.1.

40 BCS paid E. Cosmetics corporation and, subsequently, BCS Pharma Corporation
to formulate and package Ethocyn products for Nu Skin. As BCS’s consultant,
Chantal agreed to procure the incorporation of BCS Pharma Corporation as a
subsidiary of BCS so that BCS could maintain control over the production of
the Ethocyn products. BCS and/or Renslade (HK) paid for the costs of producing
the Ethocyn products and other expenses from the sums Nu Skin paid to BCS in
advance. The net sums constituted profits which belonged to the Defendants. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at paras 28B.3–28B.5.

41 Renslade (HK) claims that it has no knowledge or involvement in the alleged
Trust never held any monies on trust for Chantal; and did not act as the agent
of BCS and Weber in relation to the alleged Trust or Trust Monies. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 29B.

42 For tax reasons, the profits generated from the Ethocyn products were
transferred to Renslade (HK) in Hong Kong and only 5% (from 2007 to 2014) and
10% (from 2016) of the proceeds of sale of the Ethocyn products was retained
by BCS in Singapore. The only monies transferred to Chantal or entities
controlled by her was for operating and productions costs. Chantal claimed
costs on behalf of E. Cosmetics corporation and/or BCS Pharma Corporation
which were higher than the actual costs incurred. BCS paid BCS Pharma
Corporation US$18,377,465.23 in excess of the actual costs, which Chantal kept
as profit. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at paras 29C–29D.

43 On the facts pleaded by the Estate, the alleged Trust was governed by
California law and no valid trust could have been created under California
law: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at paras 13C–13D.1.

(a) there was no intention to create a trust and the alleged Trust was made
orally with no documentation confirming or evidencing Chantal’s intention to
create a trust; and

(b) there is no documentary evidence as to the designation of identity of any
beneficiary of the alleged Trust.

44 The alleged Trust or alleged Oral Agreement would be for an illegal
purpose: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 13D.2.

(a) the Ethocyn Rights were purchased by Renslade (NZ) pursuant to the US
Bankruptcy proceedings in which, inter alia, Chantal’s orchestration of the
purchase of the Ethocyn Rights was not disclosed;

(b) Chantal stated in her declaration, in support of the sale of the Ethocyn
Rights to Renslade (NZ), under penalty of perjury, that she “did not ask
Renslade (NZ) to require that the patents be transferred as part of the
[Chantal Companies’] sale of their rights and assets”;

(c) Chantal’s declaration exhibited a proposed order authorising and approving
the sale of the Chantal Companies’ assets, wherein she declared that “…
[Renslade (NZ)] has an arm’s length relationship with the [Chantal Companies]
… and … [Renslade (NZ)] is purchasing the [a]ssets in good faith”; and

(d) on the basis of Chantal’s declaration, the US Bankruptcy Court found that:

(i) Renslade (NZ) had an arm’s length relationship with the Chantal Companies
and that all terms were fully disclosed; and

(ii) neither Renslade (NZ) nor the Chantal Companies engaged in conduct that
would cause the sale of the Ethocyn Rights to be avoided under US Bankruptcy
Law.

45 Chantal’s arrangement for Renslade (NZ) to purchase the Ethocyn Rights is
illegal under ss 152 and 157 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 13D.2.3.

46 Furthermore, no valid trust can be created where the settlor and the
beneficiary are one and the same person. Even if there is a valid Trust, the
Trust must be accompanied by the issuance of a separate Taxpayer
Identification Number under US estate tax law, failing which, the Trust Assets
cannot be claimed by the estate of the settlor. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 13E.

47 In addition, the alleged Oral Agreement and/or alleged Trust would be
illegal, void or unenforceable as being contrary to the public policy of
Singapore. On the Estate’s case, Chantal and Weber would be carrying out a
fraudulent transaction under US Bankruptcy Law and/or fraud on the creditors
of the Chantal Companies in the US Bankruptcy Court proceedings. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 17B.

48 On 6 May 1996, a class action suit was commenced by purchasers of common
stock of Chantal Pharmaceutical against Chantal and Chantal Pharmaceutical for
securities fraud. When the Ethocyn Rights were being sold to Renslade (NZ),
the class action suit was still ongoing.

49 On 21 May 2001, counsel for the class action suit proposed a settlement of
the same. Counsel had concluded that Chantal and Chantal Pharmaceutical would
be unable to satisfy any money judgment as Chantal had no significant assets
and Chantal Pharmaceutical was undergoing insolvency proceedings. As part of
the settlement agreement, Chantal had stated that her net worth was less than
US$350,000 and agreed to deliver detailed financial information to prove the
same. The settlement was approved by the court on 31 July 2001. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 25A.

50 Weber denied there was any loan to him. As the controlling shareholder of
Renslade (HK), Weber invested CHF9.5 million from the profits generated by the
Nu Skin business in bonds. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 31A.

51 After Chantal was diagnosed with cancer, Chantal asked Weber to ensure that
her daughters would be financially supported until they reached the age of 28
in the event of her passing and Weber agreed. Weber intended to create a fund
of monies to be released to the two daughters, and was going to put some of
the profits generated from the Ethocyn Rights into the fund. This was not done
as Weber was sued by the Estate. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 32A.

52 Heika attended the meeting in Zurich in or around July 2016 on behalf of
Chantal as she was too ill to travel. At the meeting, Weber showed Heika a
draft account of the estimated sums for the income generated by the Ethocyn
Rights to assure her and Chantal that there were monies available for the
creation of the fund. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 34C.

53 At the December 2016 Meeting, Heika said she wanted to acquire the majority
shareholding of the company to be established to hold the Ethocyn Rights and
the Nu Skin SDA from BCS. No agreement was eventually reached as no reasonable
purchase offer was presented and BCS and Weber wanted to maintain ownership
and control over the Ethocyn Rights and profits generated therefrom. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 34G.3.

54 The Defendants therefore deny they owed any fiduciary duty towards Chantal
or the Estate. The Defendants deny all claims and reliefs sought by the Estate
in their claim.

The Plaintiff’s reply

55 Baker avers that Singapore law is the governing law of the agreement and
the Trust. He denies that no valid trust could have been created on the facts
pleaded by the Estate. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Reply (Amendment No. 4) dated 23 July 2019 (“Reply (Amendment No. 4)”) at
paras 12A–12G.

(a) Sections 15201 and 15202 of the Probate Code do not require written
documentation of a settlor’s intention to create a trust and written
documentation of the beneficiary’s identity and there is clear and convincing
evidence of the existence of the Trust.

(b) Baker denies that the agreement and the Trust would be for an illegal
purpose.

(c) Chantal’s arrangement of using Renslade (NZ) to purchase the Ethocyn
Rights in the US Bankruptcy proceedings was not contrary to Chantal’s
declaration and/or ss 152 and 157 of Title 18 of the United States Code and/or
illegal.

56 Baker also submits that a self-settled trust is not invalid under
California law. In addition, the Trust is not an irrevocable trust, so the US
Estate tax law requirements highlighted by the Defendants do not apply. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Reply (Amendment No. 4) at paras 12H–12I.

57 Even if the Trust and/or Agreement were invalid under California law: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Reply (Amendment No. 4) at para 12J.

(a) BCS, as the trustee, would hold the legal title to the Trust Assets or
Trust Monies on a resulting trust for Chantal who is the settlor of the Trust;
and

(b) pursuant to ss 2223 and 2224 of the California Civil Code, BCS would hold
the Trust Assets/Monies as an involuntary trustee and, accordingly, a
California court would impose a constructive trust on the Trust Assets/Monies
in favour of Chantal and her Estate in order to prevent the unjust enrichment
of the Defendants.

The Issues

58 The parties have put forward an Agreed List of Issues. There was also a
list of issues by the Estate that were not agreed to by the Defendants and a
list of issues put forward by the Defendants that were not agreed to by the
Estate.

59 The Agreed List of Issues are as follows.

(a) Was there a Trust Agreement between Chantal and Weber as pleaded by the
Estate in paras 13 and 14 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3)?

(b) When was such Trust Agreement formed, between whom and what were the terms
thereof?

(c) Did Renslade (NZ) hold the Ethocyn Rights on trust for Chantal?

(d) Who provided the funds, if any, for Renslade (S) to acquire the Ethocyn
Rights from Renslade (NZ)?

(e) Did Renslade (NZ) or subsequently Renslade (S) acquire legal and
beneficial ownership to the Ethocyn Rights and assets?

(f) If a Trust Agreement existed between Chantal and Weber, what is the
governing law of any alleged Trust (as defined at para 13C of the Defence
(Amendment No. 4) (“Defence (Amd 4)”) dated 8 July 2019)?

(g) If the Alleged Trust was invalid, are the Defendants nevertheless holding
the Trust Assets and/or Trust Monies (as defined at paras 14(c) and 24 of the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) (“Statement of Claim (Amd 3)”) dated 5
July 2019) and/or any other income of proceeds generated from the Trust Assets
on a resulting trust and/or constructive trust for Chantal’s Estate under
California Law?

(h) If the Alleged Trust was valid under California law, can the assets
alleged to be held on trust be claimed by Chantal’s Estate?

(i) Are the Trust Agreement and/or Alleged Trust illegal, void, or
unenforceable as being contrary to the public policy of Singapore?

(j) If the Alleged Trust is illegal, void, or unenforceable as being contrary
to the public policy of Singapore, are the Defendants nevertheless holding the
Trust Assets and/or Trust Monies and/or any other income or proceeds generated
from the Trust Assets on a resulting trust for Chantal’s Estate under
Singapore law?

(k) What was the reason for the 5% and/or 10% proceeds retained by BCS from
the sale of the Ethocyn products pursuant to the Nu Skin SDA?

(l) What was the purpose of the transfer of monies from BCS and/or Renslade
(HK) to:

(i) Chantal;

(ii) entities controlled by Chantal; and/or

(iii) entities involved in the production or marketing of Ethocyn products or
the protection of the Ethocyn Rights?

(m) If the Alleged Trust and/or Trust Agreement existed between Chantal and
Weber, was BCS’s and/or Weber’s retention of 10% of the monies paid by Nu Skin
to BCS from in and around 2016 without Chantal's knowledge and/or consent a
breach of the Trust Agreement?

(n) If the Alleged Trust and/or Trust Agreement existed between Chantal and
Weber, was the CHF9.5 million which the Defendants withdrew from the profits
made under the Nu Skin SDA an unauthorised withdrawal from the Trust Monies?

(o) If a Trust Agreement existed between Chantal and Weber, did Chantal, Baker
and/or Heika and Birka seek an account of the Trust from the Defendants?

(p) What took place at the meetings between, inter alia, Heika and Weber in or
around July 2016 and on or around 12 December 2016?

(q) Was there an agreement entered into at the meeting on or around 12
December 2016 for the Defendants to transfer Trust Assets and/or Trust Monies
and/or any other income or proceeds generated from the Trust Assets to
Chantal’s Estate?

60 The Estate put forward a list of additional issues that were not agreed to
by the Defendants.

(a) Did Chantal provide the funds for Renslade (NZ) to acquire the Ethocyn
Rights from the Chantal Companies?

(b) Who provided the funds for Renslade (NZ) or Renslade (S) to buy out
Chantal Companies’ rights to the Ethocyn Royalty?

(c) Were the Ethocyn Rights and assets transferred from Renslade (NZ) to
Renslade (S) because Weber saw the sale of the Ethocyn Rights and assets as a
good business opportunity and agreed to purchase them for his own benefit?

(d) Were the Ethocyn Rights and assets transferred from Renslade (S) to BCS
because Nu Skin did not want to enter into a contract with Renslade (S)?

(e) If the Trust and/or Trust Agreement pleaded by Chantal’s Estate is
governed by California law, was the Trust and/or Trust Agreement invalid under
California law?

(f) What was the purpose of the transfer of proceeds generated under the Nu
Skin SDA to Renslade (HK)?

(g) What was Chantal’s role in relation to BCS’s business and transactions
with Nu Skin under the Nu Skin SDA?

(h) Was there an agreement, as alleged by the Defendants, between Chantal and
Weber for Weber to ensure that Chantal’s daughters were financially supported
until they reached the age of 28 in the event of Chantal’s passing and for
Weber to create a fund of monies, using some of the profits generated from the
Ethocyn Rights, to be released to Chantal’s daughters?

61 The Defendants also put forward a list of additional issues that were not
agreed to by the Estate.

(a) Did Chantal provide the funds for Renslade (NZ) to acquire the Ethocyn
Rights from the Chantal Companies and, if so, were these out of her own funds?

(b) Did Chantal provide the funds for Renslade (NZ) or Renslade (S) or BCS to
buy out Chantal Companies’ rights to the Ethocyn Royalty and, if so, were
these out of her own funds?

(c) If the Alleged Trust (as defined at para 13C of the Defence (Amd 4))
pleaded by the Estate is governed by California law, was the Alleged Trust
valid, legal and enforceable under California law?

(d) Did Chantal claim and receive operating and production costs from BCS
and/or Renslade (HK) on behalf of E. Cosmetics Corporation and/or BCS Pharma
for manufacturing Ethocyn products, which were higher than the actual costs
incurred, leading to a profit taken of more than US$18 million by Chantal?

62 Many of the above “issues” in [60] and [61] are more in the nature of
findings of fact. Some of them, like that set out in [61(d)], do not arise
from the pleadings and the Defendants have not filed a counterclaim for the
US$18 million allegedly over-paid to Chantal. The answers to the relevant
questions will be found, expressly or impliedly, in our findings of fact in
this judgment.

63 At the heart of this dispute are two underlying issues:

(a) Was there a Trust Agreement between Chantal and Weber and his companies
(BCS and Renslade (HK)) to hold the Ethocyn Rights and all income and proceeds
therefrom on trust for Chantal (“Trust Agreement”) or did Weber purchase the
Ethocyn Rights for his own investment in his own right?

(b) If there was a valid Trust Agreement, was it unenforceable or void as a
result of an illegality under Singapore law and/or California law?

There is a discrete issue, depending upon our findings, as to the existence of
the Trust Agreement, relating to the alleged loan and recovery of CHF9.5
million with 3% interest.

The Defendants’ election not to call evidence and a submission of no case to
answer

64 At a Case Management Conference held on 19 July 2019, the Defendants
applied to have foreign law proved by way of submissions from registered
foreign lawyers. The Estate consented and a consent order was entered. Counsel
also agreed that the factual witnesses from both sides would give evidence
first and the registered foreign lawyers’ submissions on California law would
be taken up thereafter.

65 The Estate called Baker, Heika and the Estate’s lawyer Johnson as
witnesses. After they gave their evidence, the Defendants elected not to call
any evidence and submitted that there was no case to answer. As a result of
this election, the affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”) of Weber and
Wojtek, a lawyer representing Weber, were not admitted into evidence.

The burden of proof when electing not to give evidence and submission of no
case to answer

66 The Defendants have the right to submit that there is no case to answer,
following the exercise of their right to elect not to call evidence: O 35 r
4(3) and O 110 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). Not
surprisingly, counsel for the plaintiff and the defendants, Mr Cavinder Bull
SC and Mr Alvin Yeo SC respectively, gave different emphases to the tests that
should be applied when a defendant elects not to call evidence and submits
that there is no case to answer.

67 The Court of Appeal in Lena Leowardi v Yeap Cheen Soo [2015] 1 SLR 581
(“Lena Leowardi”) ruled that where there is a submission of no case to answer,
the test is whether the plaintiff’s evidence at face value establishes no case
in law or whether the evidence led by the plaintiff is so unsatisfactory or
unreliable that its burden of proof has not been discharged (at [23]). The
threshold against which the claims are to be assessed is that of whether the
plaintiff has established a prima facie case against the defendant, and the
plaintiff need not prove his case on a balance of probabilities (Lena Leowardi
at [24], citing Tan Juay Pah v Kimly Construction Pte Ltd and others [2012] 2
SLR 549 at [37]).

68 In assessing whether the plaintiff has established a prima facie case, the
court will assume that any evidence led by the Appellant was true unless it
was inherently incredible or outside of common sense. Where circumstantial
evidence is relied on, it need not give rise to an irresistible inference as
long as the desired inference is one of the possible inferences (Lena Leowardi
at [24], citing Relfo Ltd (in liquidation) v Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani [2008]
4 SLR(R) 657 (“Relfo”) at [20]).

69 These tests have been authoritatively set out in Lena Leowardi and we do
not understand how Mr Bull SC or Mr Yeo SC can submit otherwise. However, when
those principles are applied to the facts before us, there are nuances and
allied principles which come into play:

(a) Mr Yeo SC is quite correct to say that he can test the Estate’s evidence
to see if they do indeed establish a prima facie case. For example, Mr Yeo SC
submits that the Estate has no evidence – besides an allegation by Baker – to
show that the Ethocyn Rights were assigned from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S)
for no consideration, and Baker was not even privy to or possessed with
personal knowledge of the events then. In a sense, the Estate has to prove a
negative. Instead, Mr Yeo SC submits that the available evidence – a Deed of
Assignment – although backdated, does recite that it was assigned for value
(see Lena Leowardi at [25], citing Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei [2009] 2
SLR(R) 1004 at [210]). Whether that takes the Defendants beyond the gates will
be examined below.

(b) Mr Yeo SC is also entitled to submit that even if the Estate has
established a prima facie case, the trust was illegal or not enforceable as
being tainted with illegality.

(c) Mr Bull SC on the other hand can legitimately submit that if
circumstantial evidence is relied upon, it does not have to give rise to an
irresistible inference as long as the desired inference is one the possible
inferences (see Lena Leowardi at [24], citing Relfo at [20]); and so long as
that evidence and inference is not inherently incredible or outside of common
sense, the court will assume it is true.

(d) Mr Bull SC is also entitled to emphasize that, if the Estate makes out a
prima facie case and the Defendants choose not to call evidence and submit
that there is no case to answer, then, bearing in mind the above principles,
the failure to offer evidence could be fatal to the defendants’ case (see Thio
Keng Poon v Thio Syn Pyn and others and another appeal [2010] 3 SLR 143 at
[42]).

(e) It is correct that no adverse inference ought to be drawn by a defendant’s
making of a submission of no case to answer. However, if a court were to look
at a particular email or letter authored by the defendant and its contents can
be fairly said to point to the existence of certain facts that satisfy the
prima facie test, but the court does not have the benefit of an explanation
from the defendant that that was not what the defendant meant, the plaintiff’s
construction of the particular email or letter would prevail.

(f) We also note that a number of Chantal’s emails, facsimiles and documents
are cryptic. She is no longer around to explain them or to fill any gaps that
exist. Baker may tell us what he thinks it means, either from what Chantal may
have told him whilst she was alive or from what he knows or concludes by going
through her many documents. What weight we give to his evidence must be
carefully calibrated when applying the tests enumerated above.

(g) Similarly there are emails and facsimiles from one Christine Yong
(“Christine”) and one Hartono, who were employees of the Defendants, to
Chantal or other persons. The Estate’s construction of these emails and
facsimiles will prevail as long as the construction or inferences are
reasonable and not inherently incredible or outside of common sense. The
defendants are in no position to attempt to put forward the context in which
they should be read. The rules to be applied are those set out above at [67]
and [68].

70 Having set out these principles to be applied on an election by the
defendants not to call evidence and submit that there is no case to answer, we
now turn to consider the evidence.

Evaluation of the evidence and findings of fact

71 It will be convenient to make our findings of fact and state our
conclusions in stages.

The purchase of the Ethocyn Rights from the Chantal Companies

72 We find that Chantal wanted to purchase the Ethocyn Rights from the Chantal
Companies in the Chapter 11 proceedings but she did not want anyone –
including the creditors, the Creditors’ Committee, the Kriegsman Group,
Teeple, their lawyers and the Bankruptcy Court – to know that she was behind
the bid for the Ethocyn Rights. There was evidence, and we so find, that there
were quite a large number of affected stockholders and creditors, some of whom
had lost significant amounts of money. In a second application filed on 3
November 1999 by Chantal Companies’ counsel in the US Bankruptcy Court for an
interim payment of their fees and disbursement, they state that they answered
numerous telephone calls from the 1,500 creditors and over 1,750 stockholders
and added that “[u]nfortunately, many people have lost significant amounts of
money and it would be inappropriate to ignore their telephone calls…”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

2 AB p 670.

This application for interim payment was granted by the US Bankruptcy Court on
23 November 1999.

73 We have no direct evidence from Chantal for her motives for doing so. Baker
and Heika gave evidence that Chantal had received death threats from
disgruntled shareholders who had lost money in the failure of the Chantal
Companies and they would have taken any purchase by Chantal of the Ethocyn
Rights badly. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Baker’s AEIC at paras 31–35; Heika Burnison’s AEIC dated 27 September 2019
(“Heika’s AEIC”) at para 6.

There was some evidence, described as prima facie evidence by Mr Bull SC, that
there were such death threats. In her AEIC, Heika, who was 12 years’ old at
the time of the bankruptcy proceedings, remembered that her mother received
death threats and became fearful for their safety. Heika deposes that her
mother changed their residence to her grandfather’s house, diverted all her
mail there and hired a bodyguard to protect her and Birka. Heika exhibited a
picture of herself and a man, who she claimed to be her bodyguard. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Heika’s AEIC pp 67–68.

Heika was not challenged on this. Baker too was not directly challenged on
this in cross-examination. All Baker was cross-examined on was that Chantal
could not have been fearful of death threats so many years later (in 2010,
2011, 2013 or 2014) and that these death threats were a cover to explain the
inconsistencies in the documents. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Tr/14.11.19/95/7–96/1.

We note that Baker only met Chantal in 2002. In his AEIC, Baker could only
tell us what Chantal had told him at some later point in time after 2002.
However, his credibility upon cross-examination on this issue remained intact
and we accept it but caution ourselves as to its weight. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Tr/15.11.19/13/9–16/4.

There is also unchallenged documentary evidence that Chantal used her father’s
address for correspondence and corporate documents and even her death
certificate carries the address of her father’s house. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

2 AB pp 819, 822; eg, 2 AB pp 739–741, 3 AB pp 1397, 1420, 1431, 1440, 1453,
1469, 1484, 1499, 1514, 1528 and 1542; 11 AB p 5091.

We should point out two things. First, other than bare statements, albeit on
oath, we have no evidence at all as to the nature of or form of these death
threats, whether by telephone calls or anonymous notes or letters in the post.
Secondly, we would have expected that with death threats of a serious nature,
some reports would have been made to the police. There was however, no such
evidence. Nevertheless, this court has to assume that the evidence led by the
Estate is true unless it was inherently incredible or outside of common sense
(Lena Leowardi at [24]). In this case, that Chantal received death threats
from disgruntled shareholders or creditors who had lost significant amounts of
money is one of the possible inferences of the circumstantial evidence and we
accordingly accept that to be the case. Had Weber come to trial to challenge
Baker’s evidence on this, for example, by testifying that Chantal had never
told him of any death threats, we may well find otherwise. In any event, the
issue of whether Chantal actually received death threats is not a pleaded
issue and should not be of disproportionate significance.

74 We also think it more likely than not that Chantal believed in her own
product or invention and needed to put her and her companies’ financial
problems behind her so that she could exploit her invention to its full
potential. If the Creditors’ Committee knew she was interested in buying the
Ethocyn Rights, they were likely to have tried to extract a higher price;
whether they could succeed or not is an entirely different matter and there is
no direct evidence on this. There is nothing intrinsically wrong with or
exceptional in a debtor wanting to purchase its own assets, but there
certainly would have been heightened scrutiny of the sale and accompanying
agreements if this had been made known. We think Chantal also had an interest
in securing the Ethocyn Rights free and clear of all claims, liens and
encumbrances as well as settling the Class Action suit against her. Chantal
also wanted to move the Ethocyn Rights offshore to maintain opacity as to its
ownership and to take advantage of more favourable tax regimes.

75 We find that the Estate has made out its case that Chantal was responsible
for deciding upon a New Zealand corporation to purchase the Ethocyn Rights.
There was ample evidence on this score. Pursuant to her decision, Chantal
instructed Weir, a lawyer practising in Hong Kong, to use a company in New
Zealand and this resulted in the acquisition of a shelf company, which was re-
named Renslade (NZ). Chantal’s business activities had hitherto, and we say
unsurprisingly, not been confined to the USA. It is stated in the draft
prospectus prepared to attract bids, which we accept, that in 1995 the Chantal
Companies entered into additional distribution agreements with a Hong Kong
company for the Pacific Rim; 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1 AB p 269.

“Hong Kong” was later corrected by Chantal’s lawyer to Taiwan. The distributor
was one Roger Chang who is mentioned in the US Bankruptcy Court filings 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1 AB pp 277, 543.

(although it also appears that there was a former Chantal product distributor
in Hong Kong called Lisa Lai). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

2 AB p 822.

Under Article XII of the APA, notices to be sent to the purchaser Renslade
(NZ) were to be sent to: “c/o Weir & Associates, 5th Floor, Landmark East, 12
Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

1 AB p 351.

The notice provision in the Consultancy Agreement between E. Cosmetics (a
Nevada corporation) and Chantal dated 19 October 1999 provided for service on
E. Cosmetics at 5757 West Century Boulevard, Los Angeles (the address of the
Chantal Companies) with a copy to “Shane Weir” at his Hong Kong office
address. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1 AB p 506.

There is a facsimile dated 25 June 1999 from Weir to Ken Whitney of New
Zealand law firm Ross & Whitney to acquire a shelf company in New Zealand. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

2 AB pp 653–654.

Weir wrote:

Further to your fax of 24th June 1999, we have confirmed that the client is
interested in acquire [sic] Renslade Holdings Ltd immediately.

Can you please clarify whether any shareholders have been registered and the
number of issued shares. The concept would be to have the same shares own by
Granville Ltd (the same company that owns Legendary Trading International
Ltd). Carrie Chan will act as a Sole Director of the Company in the same
manner as the Legendary Trading structure.

I have copied the enclosed to Ms Carrie Chan who will be communicating
directly to you concerning all documents she requires for establishment of
bank accounts. Since bank accounts may take several weeks because of distance,
we would ask for your confirmation that if necessary payments on account that
Renslade Holdings Ltd might be made to your offices for the credit to Renslade
Holdings bank account.

Please confirm immediately that we can utilize Renslade now it is essential we
have a corporate name for the purpose of an acquisition by end of day.

Please confirm me [sic] by fax on receipt and if necessary call me to discuss
any matters in question.

(emphasis in bold in original, typographical errors in original)

76 There are sufficient emails, facsimiles and documents to back up Baker’s
account in his AEIC, viz, that Renslade (NZ)’s first directors were two
partners of Ross & Whitney, Kenneth Whitney and Ian Ross; they were replaced
on 15 October 1999 by one Ms Ka Wai Chan, who Baker believes to be Weir’s
nominee. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Baker’s AEIC at para 39.

That would in all probability be the “Carrie Chan” referred to in Weir’s
facsimile (at [75] above), as we also see a reference to “KW Chan in Hong
Kong” in an email from Giles Kennedy to Noel Conway dated 21 November 1999
reporting the receipt of documents from her in relation to the issue of shares
in Renslade (NZ) for filing in New Zealand 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

2 AB p 658.

as well as a Change of Directors Form filed for Renslade (NZ). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

2 AB p 709.

We also find that Chantal was considering a holding company, Granville Limited
(“Granville”), which was also controlled by Weir on behalf of Chantal.
Legendary was another associated company and the facsimile referred to at [75]
above states that it is also held by Granville. With these private companies
and shareholdings, control could easily be structured or re-structured to
maintain opacity in beneficial ownership.

77 We also find that Chantal considered using other nominal owners, called
“figure heads” by her, to conceal the beneficial ownership of Renslade (NZ).
This included one Dr Lalaine de la Cruz (“Lalaine”) who was a friend of her
father’s working in the Philippines. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Baker’s AEIC at paras 88–94.

The companies may also have been structured to accommodate investors in the
business going forward. We see Wehinger, although a friend of Chantal,
representing a group of investors called “SIG” who were settled out and
mentioned in the US Bankruptcy Court papers. We find that Chantal suddenly
lost her trust in Weir in November 1999 and changed her lawyer to a US
attorney, Noel Conway. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

2 AB p 690, 12 AB pp 5734–5736.

There was also a change of New Zealand lawyers to Colin Beyer and Giles
Kennedy of Simpson Grierson Law, a law firm in Auckland (“Simpson Grierson”).
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Baker’s AEIC at para 72.

78 Whilst Baker might not know all the details, the documentary evidence,
including emails and facsimiles, does show, quite convincingly, that it was
Chantal putting all these arrangements in place. We see her ability to change
lawyers and the lawyers taking instructions from her.

Chantal provided the funds to purchase the Ethocyn Rights and assets from the
Chantal Companies

79 We find that Chantal provided the funds through her family company, SBC
Pharmaceutical, to Renslade (NZ) to purchase the Ethocyn Rights and assets
from the Chantal Companies in the Chapter 11 proceedings. The Defendants did
not produce any documentary evidence or otherwise to contradict this, having
elected not to call evidence. Mr Yeo SC tried valiantly to challenge the
conclusions to be drawn from some of the documentary evidence. He did not
succeed, not, we must say, for want of trying. We do accept that the emails,
facsimiles and documents provided by the Estate do have some gaps and do not
contain complete explanations. However, they are sufficient, at the very least
on a prima facie basis, to piece together how Chantal set about getting a New
Zealand corporation to make a bid for the Ethocyn Rights and assets of the
Chantal Companies.

80 We accept the evidence given by the Estate that CBD Pharmaceutical
Corporation, a company owned by Chantal’s family, transferred US$800,000 to P
F Wong & Co, Solicitors in Hong Kong (“P F Wong”), as evidenced in a Hang Seng
Bank Credit Advice dated 7 January 1999, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

1 AB p 256.

and Chantal records this as a fact in her own handwriting.

81 There is a handwritten note in the Agreed Bundle dated 1 March 2000,
entitled “CHRONOLOGY” (“the Handwritten Chronology”). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

2 AB pp 760–761.

We find the handwriting has been convincingly identified – by both Heika and
Baker – as that of Chantal’s. At the trial, Mr Yeo SC challenged whether the
handwriting in the Handwritten Chronology was in fact Chantal’s: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Tr/12.11.19/108/5–12.

Yeo: … Mr Baker, you haven’t called any handwriting expert to attest that this
handwriting is that of [Chantal], have you?

Baker: No, we haven’t.

Yeo: Beyond your say so, that this was prepared by [Chantal], there is no
evidence before the court that that is, in fact, the case, correct?

Baker: None.

82 Baker, however, explained on re-examination that he was familiar with
Chantal’s handwriting as he had seen many of Chantal’s notes and that her
daughters would be familiar with them as well: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Tr/15.11.19/35/24–36/12.

Bull: Mr Baker, how familiar are you with Chantal Burnison’s handwriting?

Baker: Fairly -- fairly familiar. I’ve seen many of these notes and many of
the notes she wrote and she wrote notes to me sometimes in handwriting also.

Bull: Mr Baker, where did you find [the Handwritten Chronology]?

Baker: I -- I'm pretty sure these were also -- these were also in her house in
her bedroom also. That's where she kept her stuff -- bedroom office, that's
what it is, so she used her bedroom as an office.

Bull: Mr Baker, who else would be familiar with her handwriting?

Baker: I believe her daughters.

83 More importantly, Heika also explained in detail, why she was sure that the
Handwritten Chronology was her mother’s handwriting: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Tr/15.11.19/140/1–11.

Bull: … At pages 760 to 761, we see [the Handwritten Chronology]. Can I ask
you, do you recognise that handwriting?

Heika: I do recognise it. It is my mother’s handwriting. I can tell for many
reasons. I have lived with her and her handwriting for almost three decades …
she has a very particular way of writing her upper case Rs, her upper case Es.
She also has many up-ticks at the end of her letters. She told me this was
because when she was in university, she was dating someone who was a
handwriting expert and they told her that if you up-tick at the end of your
letter then it means you’re a positive and well-balanced person and that she
worked on her handwriting when she was young to reflect these things.

Heika also was able to point out other notations in various documents that
were not in Chantal’s handwriting. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Tr/15.11.19/144/10–24; Tr/15.11.19/145/13–23; Tr/15.11.19/146/4–7.

We accept her and Baker’s evidence on this score.

84 Although the Defendants contend that the handwriting in the Handwritten
Chronology was not proved to be Chantal’s, they neither adduced independent
evidence to support their claim nor called a handwriting expert to do so. We
accept the evidence of Heika and Baker that the Handwritten Chronology, as
well as those other notes or notations identified by them, as having been
written or prepared (eg, typed) by Chantal and find that the Handwritten
Chronology was written on or about 1 March 2000.

85 The Handwritten Chronology was a log or record by Chantal of significant
events or facts that occurred in relation to the purchase of the Ethocyn
Rights and assets of the Chantal Companies from 7 January 1999 to 23 Dec 1999.
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

2 AB pp 760–761.

(a) The first entry records: “JAN.7 1999 $800,000 wire transfer to P.F. Wong
(solicitors) trust account in H.K. by CBD Pharmaceutical Corporation.” This
tallies with the Hang Seng Bank Credit Advice to P F Wong (see [80] above).

(b) The second entry records: “JAN 14 1999 Legendary Trading Ltd acquires 10
kilos of Ethocyn and componentry fr Chantal Skin Care products in
consideration for $100,000 [undecipherable] $775,000 loaned from P.F. Wong to
Legendary.” We find this to show the transfer of monies from P F Wong to a
company called Legendary Trading International Ltd (“Legendary”).

(c) The third entry records: “Jan-Sept: Legendary business of Chantal products
so far to AC7/HSN $641,000 revenue.”

(d) The fourth entry records: “Sept 14, 1999 Renslade Ltd purchases for
$25,000 7 kilos of Ethocyn plus componentry.”

(e) The fifth entry records: “Oct 19, 1999 Renslade purchases assets
(intellectual property + inventory of 70 kilos of Ethocyn + componentry for
$325,000 ($50,000 assets + $275,000 goodwill). Patents expire in 2004.
Cosmetic and pharmaceutical products.”

(f) The sixth entry records: “Oct.1999 E. Cosmetics LLC, Nevada corp. do
telemarketing sales of cosmetics in Los Angeles. A 100% wholly owned
subsidiary of Renslade N$75,000/mo income.”

(g) The seventh entry records Chantal’s trip in November 1999 to Hong Kong
with Noel Conway. There is a reference to Rio Investments “purchases, assume
debt and “ ” 80% of Renslade (including E Cosmetics) and add if note for
$25,000 Legendary assets (not corporation [undecipherable]). ?Note. issue
$800,000 $775,000 on balance sheet.”

(h) The eighth entry records: “Dec.23, 1999 Rio Investments, Nova Derm Ltd
(Victoria Medical Group Investors Ltd) acquires Renslade. Shareholder is
Victoria Medical Investors 80% and Granville (20%). Noel Conway ‘mistakenly’
puts Victoria shares in his name (10 shares). Now have an assignment to
Lalaine de law Cruz (who agrees to serve as ‘figure owner’ and has executed an
assignment to Compagnie Carmesti-[undecipherable] S.A., a Panamanian company
(presently dentist doctor friend of my father working in Philipines [sic].” We
agree with Mr Bull SC when he submits that “figure owner” is Chantal’s
description of someone who is a nominee owner for someone else. There are
references in the evidence that at one stage of Chantal’s planning and
structure, Chantal intended for one Lalaine, who was her father’s friend, to
be her nominee “owner” on record. Many aspects of these notes are also
corroborated by the documentary evidence, including corporate records or
filings made with the respective regulatory authorities. It is also undeniable
that these were all documents found by Baker in Chantal’s papers after she
passed away.

(i) The remainder of the Handwritten Chronology logged as November 1999
records Chantal’s trip to Budapest to look into a laboratory and a reference
to Noel Conway and the purchase of laboratory equipment from some landlord in
exile in Switzerland and a reference to Wehinger.

86 We find the evidence shows Chantal working hard to set up corporate
structures outside the USA, with the help of foreign lawyers and her new
adviser, Noel Conway, who also appeared to have mistakenly issued shares in
his name, as well as exploring laboratory facilities to synthesise the Ethocyn
compound for the future as the German laboratory had been closed down.

87 We have stated at [80] above that US$800,000 was transferred from CBD
Pharmaceutical to P F Wong. From the Handwritten Chronology (see [85(b)], P F
Wong then transferred, in the form of a loan, US$775,000 to Legendary. The
discrepancy of US$25,000 was not explained. Legendary is owned by Granville,
which is in turn, controlled by Weir & Associates, Weir’s company. This is
evident from the following evidence.

(a) In a facsimile dated 25 June 1999 from Weir to Mr Ken Whitney of the law
firm, Ross & Whitney, Weir referred to Granville as “the same company that
owns [Legendary]”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

2 AB pp 653–654.

As noted above, Weir also stated that “the client is interested in acquire
[sic] Renslade Holdings Ltd immediately”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

2 AB pp 653–654.

(b) Mr Ken Whitney was the sole shareholder of Renslade (NZ), until he
transferred his share to Granville. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

2 AB p 694.

(c) Granville’s address is listed to be “c/- Weir & Associates”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

12 AB pp 5706–5716.

(d) In a letter dated 20 December 1999 from Simpson Grierson to Noel Conway,
Granville is referred to as “a company controlled by Weir & Associates and
Carrie Chan in Hong Kong”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

2 AB p 690.

88 We find that the evidence shows a prima facie case that Legendary then
provided US$750,000 to Renslade (NZ) to bid for the purchase of the Ethocyn
Rights in the US Bankruptcy Proceedings. This can be seen from two documents.
First, there was an email dated 20 December 1999 from Noel Conway to Chantal,
where Noel Conway stated that the sum of US$775,000 transferred from P F Wong
to Legendary was to ensure that “there could be an even USD 750,000 at LA at
the time of the bidding in court”: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

2 AB pp 688–689.

The USD 18790 paid to Weir and Assoc on 11/11 was for time and cost spent
relating to the sale/purchase from the Bankruptcy court.

The payment to Legendary was for the money loaned by [L]egendary so that there
could be an even USD 750,000 at LA at the time of the bidding in court”.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

89 At the trial, Mr Yeo SC asserted that there was a discrepancy between the
US$775,000 and the US$100,000 (as expenses) recorded in the Handwriting
Chronology, against the US$750,000 in Noel Conway’s email to Chantal above. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Tr/12.11.19/142/8–143/4.

Baker explained that the difference was because Legendary used US$25,000 to
“[buy] some product”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Tr/12.11.19/141/14–17.

While not a complete explanation (in that it was not supported by independent
documentary evidence), the Defendants did not suggest what else could the
USD750,000 be used for. We find that the reference to “bidding in court” at
that period was in all probability referring to the bidding of the Ethocyn
Rights at the US Bankruptcy Proceedings.

90 Secondly, there was a facsimile from Simpson Grierson to Noel Conway dated
21 February 2000 attaching a group structure of the companies including
Renslade (NZ). In that group structure, it was specifically stated that
Renslade (NZ) had a debt of US$775,000 owed to the “shareholders of Granville
Limited”, which as we have found at [87] above, owns Legendary: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

2 AB pp 751–753.

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

91 This was accompanied by a tax advice dated 3 February 2000, setting out
specifically how the “USD 775,000 debt … to Renslade [(NZ)]” should be
structured to reduce tax liabilities. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

2 AB p 735.

For the foregoing reasons, we find that Baker has shown a prima facie case
that Legendary loaned US$750,000 to Renslade (NZ) to bid for the Ethocyn
Rights. Our finding in this regard is further supported by the fact that the
Handwritten Chronology, specifically listed in chronological order, first, a
transfer of $800,000 to P F Wong, and then the loan of $775,000 from P F Wong
to Legendary, and then “Oct 19, 1999[,] [Renslade (NZ)] purchases assets
(intellectual property …) for $325,000”. Being listed in a single chronology,
we find that the payment of US$325,000 by Renslade (NZ) for the purchase of
the Ethocyn Rights in the US Bankruptcy Proceedings came from the loan of
US$775,000 from P F Wong to Legendary, which in turn, loaned the same to
Renslade (NZ).

92 Although Baker did not adduce evidence showing the direct transfer of funds
from Legendary to Renslade (NZ), the evidence establishes, on a prima facie
basis, that Chantal had provided the funds for Renslade (NZ)’s purchase of the
Ethocyn Rights. The Defendants, save for highlighting arithmetical
inconsistency and challenging the authenticity of the Handwritten Chronology,
did not proffer any alternative explanation for the movement of funds.
Further, the arithmetical inconsistencies were not, by far, of the magnitude
that made them incredible or inherently unbelievable or outside of common
sense. There were obviously (and there are references to these items in the
documents before us) payments to lawyers, purchases of Ethocyn, as well as
some earnings from sales transactions.

There were no other bidders for the Ethocyn Rights and assets of the Chantal
Companies

93 As we observed to counsel during closing submissions, it is of some
importance to note that the Ethocyn Rights and assets were not an off-the-
shelf machinery or product, nor was it like a piece of land or a building. The
Ethocyn Rights were comprised in intellectual property which did not have a
long shelf life and the last of the patents would expire in 2004. Further,
from the draft prospectus, it recites that the Chantal Companies’ laboratory
in Germany had closed down. Any further exploitation involved setting up
another laboratory to synthesize the Ethocyn compound. There is evidence of
Chantal exploring this in November 1999. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

2 AB p 761.

The existing stocks of Ethocyn compound had degraded somewhat, although it
appears they could be salvaged. Also, to properly exploit these rights,
investments had to be made. The prospectus mentions at least US$1 million in
the initial investment. Further, even if a purchaser had the marketing ability
and knowledge of the cosmetics industry, without someone with the knowhow to
direct and supervise a laboratory to synthesize the Ethocyn compound, its true
value is unascertainable and cannot be captured if there was no one to oversee
the production and marketing of the Ethocyn compound. There was also a need in
the longer term for further research as the last of the patents expired in
2004. We will return to these factors when we consider the statements made by
Chantal to the US Bankruptcy Courts and the issues of illegality.

94 Although not surfaced by counsel, it appears, and we so find, that Renslade
(NZ) had made a first offer, earlier on in the Chapter 11 proceedings, on
behalf of “investors from Hong Kong”, of US$500,000 cash payment plus
royalties to purchase the Ethocyn Rights, but this was rejected by the
Creditors’ Committee. This appears in the second application by counsel for
the Chantal Companies, Messrs Peitzman, Glassman & Weg, to the US Bankruptcy
on 23 November 1999 for payment of their fees referred to above. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

2 AB p 659.

In their application, they state that, after the rejection of Renslade (NZ)’s
offer, they then had to work independently with the Creditors’ Committees’
investment banker, the Kriegsman Group, to find another buyer. Counsel
assisted the Kriegsman Group in preparation of the “book” on the debtors and
their rights and assets and spoke to several interested parties. However, no
one was willing to make a written offer to purchase the Chantal Companies’
rights and assets. They state: “After several weeks went by without any new
prospective purchaser appearing on the scene, [the Applicant] initiated a new
negotiation with Shane Weir in Hong Kong.” 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

2 AB p 667.

It is clear to us and we find that there was no one else interested to
purchase the Ethocyn Rights and assets of the Chantal Companies despite the
efforts of the independent Creditors’ Committee, the Kriegsman Group and the
work-out specialist, Teeple.

Transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S): who was the
beneficial owner of the Ethocyn Rights?

95 The next issue to be determined is the beneficial owner of the Ethocyn
Rights after they were transferred from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S). In all
the documentary evidence reviewed so far, Weber is not mentioned. The
documentary evidence shows Chantal liaising fairly intensely with the lawyers
and advisers mentioned and this included the running of the business, dealing
with the shipments of goods and products, accounts and payments and
organisational issues like having a director, Carrie Chan, in Hong Kong to
deal with emergencies like another company attempting to register the
trademark “Ethocyn” in China. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

2 AB pp 688 and 689.

That documentary evidence extends into 3 February 2000 with tax advice from
James Jan of Simpson Grierson Law and 6 March 2000 with Noel Conway trying to
sort out the accounts between the various companies. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

2 AB p 767.

96 The first document featuring Weber is an email from Weber to Chantal dated
9 March 2000. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

2 AB p 770.

It will be relevant at this stage to recapitulate the parties respective cases
in the pleadings:

(a) The Estate avers that, in or around November 1999, Chantal entered into an
agreement with Weber pursuant to which Weber would acquire the Ethocyn Rights
from Renslade (NZ) and hold the Ethocyn Rights and any income or proceeds
generated from the Ethocyn Rights on trust for Chantal. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 3) at para 13.

We note an earlier version of the Statement of Claim and further and better
particulars furnished therein gave the date of this meeting as being in or
around February 1999. However the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) was
amended in July 2018 to the aforesaid date. By an assignment dated 24 May
2000, Chantal procured the transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ)
to Renslade (S), a company incorporated in Singapore on or around 23 May 2000.
Weber was the sole shareholder of Renslade (S). By a deed dated 1 April 2002,
Weber procured the transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (S) to BCS and
BCS became the trustee of the express trust. This deed was assigned shortly
after BCS’s name change on 26 July 2002 and backdated to 1 April 2002.

(b) The Defendants deny that there was an agreement of any kind between
Chantal and Weber for the latter to acquire and hold the Ethocyn Rights and
any income and/or proceeds generated from the Ethocyn Rights on trust for
Chantal. Renslade (S), a company controlled by Weber, acquired the Ethocyn
Rights and assets from Renslade (NZ) for the sum of US$325,000 and the
purchase price was paid for by BCS with monies that belonged to BCS and/or
Weber and were not provided for by Chantal. Weber decided on the purchase
because he saw an opportunity to exploit the Ethocyn Rights and assets through
a business deal with Nu Skin. Weber had to transfer the Ethocyn Rights to BCS,
which was an active company with several business streams, to secure the
business with Nu Skin.

97 It is not disputed that Renslade (NZ) transferred the Ethocyn Rights to
Renslade (S). As we set out the events that led to the transfer, it will be
evident, and we so find, that it was Chantal who spearheaded and made key
decisions in relation to the transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ)
to Renslade (S). We find that Weber, contrary to the Defendants’ case as set
out above, was in fact working for Chantal as her business advisor and
followed her instructions in all matters. We reject Weber’s case that he
purchased the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) for his own investment.

98 The documentary evidence shows that Chantal already had a working
relationship with Wehinger from as early as 10 August 1989. This is evident
from a copy of a distribution agreement between Chantal Pharmaceutical
Corporation and private investors, the latter being represented by Wehinger.
98

##### Foot Note 98

×

1 AB pp 128–158.

By November 1999, Chantal had lost her trust in Weir and decided to move
business operations to Singapore for tax reasons. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

12 AB pp 5734–5736.

On 3 March 2000, Wehinger emailed Chantal confirming that Weber and himself
can “support [her] business in the future” and will “initiate the agreed upon
structure” in Singapore: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Plaintiff’s Core Bundle (“PCB”) p 86; 2 AB p 833.

… I strongly believe we can meet your requirements and support your business
in the future. Together with [Weber] I will monitor the set-ups and personally
manage the ultimate owner of the operating companies in a most discrete
manner.

[Weber] told me today that instructions have been given to initiate the agreed
upon structure …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

It is clear that Wehinger and Weber were putting themselves forward as persons
who could assist Chantal in her future business plans and that Weber had been
given instruction to initiate the agreed corporate structures. They would
monitor the corporations and manage matters for the “owner” of the operating
companies “in a most [discreet] manner”, ie, they would be very discreet about
the true owner of the companies.

99 The first time Weber features in the documentary evidence is his email to
Chantal dated 9 March 2000 (“9 March 2000 Email”). 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

2 AB p 770.

He was obviously known to Chantal by then; he refers to Chantal’s emails to
him and apologises for not replying earlier due to problems with his email.
Weber refers to various matters, like an employee’s arrangements (one Sara
Harve who was trained by Chantal for laboratory set up and management), who
Chantal can contact in BCS and states: “I’a was very impressed about our
meeting. It will take also some time to get in to all the details of your
activitie and to check all. I hope this will give you not other problems”
[sic]. There is no trace of any language or expression pointing to an
interested purchaser of the Ethocyn Rights or business. On the contrary, the
chain of correspondence with Weber that follows shows him being described by
Chantal as an “accountant” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

2 AB p 771.

and Weber doing as she instructs and reporting back to her. In another email
to Weber, which appears to have been sent on 10 March 2000, Chantal tells
Weber that she has told her own US attorney in the Chapter 11 proceedings, Mr
Richard Esterkin, that Weber is the accountant of Nova Derm Ltd (New Zealand)
and the “Singapore owner company (name not given—I recall it is Renslade
Holdings pte.ltd(is this correct)...” and the “agreed structure” of these
companies, BCS and the proposed Delaware corporation to be called Nova Derm.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

2 AB p 771.

100 In the 9 March 2000 Email, Weber states that the “foundation in S has been
done”. On a hardcopy print-out of the 9 March 2000 Email, Chantal wrote
“[F]oundation in S “Renslade Holdings Pte Ltd” owner: Dr Lalaine de la Cruz”.
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCB p 70; 2 AB p 770.

At the trial, Mr Yeo SC challenged Baker’s assertion that the “S” in
“foundation in S” referred to by Weber in the 9 March 2000 Email was a
reference to Renslade (S). Mr Yeo SC suggested instead that “S” referred to
one SIG Investment Group Establishment (“SIG”): 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Tr/13.11.19/64/1–12.

Yeo: Mr Baker, when Mr Weber says "The foundation in S has been done", if "S"
refers to "Singapore", that is a reference to SIG, the company set up in
Singapore to take over the distribution rights of SIG Liechtenstein. Would you
accept that?

Baker: No. Absolutely not. In fact, on the same page, not to move anywhere,
number 1, it says: "Foundation in S, Renslade Holdings Pte Ltd owner de la
Cruz -- Lalaine de la Cruz, directors, officers [et cetera].”

Yeo: Whose handwriting is that, Mr Baker?

Baker: Chantal Burnison’s.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

We set out the above to illustrate the typical approach of the Defendants in
trying to cast doubts on the Estate’s version of events in an attempt to show
the Estate are unable to establish a prima facie case.

101 We find “S” to be a clear reference to Renslade (S) and not SIG. Chantal
herself wrote on the hardcopy of the 9 March 2000 Email that “foundation in S”
is Renslade (S). Further, in an email from Chantal to Weber on 15 March 2000,
Chantal also expressly asked: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

2 AB p 776.

… Is the “foundation in S” Renslade Holdings pte.ltd by name?

In Chantal’s facsimile dated 21 March 2000 to Weber, in which she raises her
questions and discusses her “open” issues, she asked again: “Has Singapore
company been formed with name Renslade Holding pte. Ltd? …Please advise me –
via fax – not e-mail – if above Company now exists; address; etc.” 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

2 AB p 799.

Weber confirms by facsimile on 23 March 2000 that the Singapore company has
been formed with the name Renslade Pte Ltd Singapore. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

2 AB p 808.

102 On re-examination, Baker also asserted that it was obvious that
“foundation in S” refers to Renslade (S): 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Tr/15.11.19/59/14–25.

Bull: Can you help us about this phrase, "foundation in S"?

Baker: I think it becomes pretty obvious that the third line from the bottom
and she says: "Is the 'foundation in S' Renslade Holdings Pte Ltd by name?"
And so the "S" obviously is the "Singapore" and she wanted the "Holdings"
part. She mentioned that before and he said he could do it and she hadn't seen
the paperwork yet, so she's saying, "Did we do 'Holdings' in there?"
Definitely "S" is Singapore -- excuse me, Renslade Singapore.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

103 In the 10 March 2000 email referred to above from Chantal to Weber (and,
importantly, not the other way around), Chantal informed him that a new
Delaware company, Nova Derm Corporation, would be formed to perform the role
of “the North American distributor for the Chantal Products owned by Nova Derm
Ltd/Renslade Pts. Ltd/(de la Cruz)”. Notably, Chantal emphasised that Weber’s
“assistance [sic] in structure of subject agreements; and that of Singapore
attorney you advise for drafting according to Singapore law, will be very
important”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCB pp 71–72; 2 AB pp 771 – 772.

104 In the 21 March 2000 facsimile from Chantal to Weber asking him whether
Renslade (S) has been formed, Chantal also informed Weber that she wished for
Renslade (S) to be owned by Lalaine. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

2 AB pp 799–801.

On 23 March 2000, Weber sent Chantal a facsimile, setting out the following
structure: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PCB pp 76–78; 2 AB pp 808–810.

(a) BCS, a company incorporated in Singapore and owned by Weber, would
incorporate a US subsidiary named Nova Derm Corporation in Delaware.

(b) Renslade (S) would be incorporated to sell Ethocyn and/or the production
rights of Ethocyn to Nova Derm Corporation.

(c) Nova Derm Corporation and Renslade (S) would sign a distribution
agreement. BCS would remain a shareholder without any contribution to the
business.

(d) The “beneficial owner is Lalaine Delacruz, or if you [ie, Chantal] like,
BCS Singapore” [emphasis added].

(e) Chantal and Weber will “transfer the commercial things to [Renslade (S)]
and the patents [etc] to BCS.”

105 The whole tenor of this facsimile is that of an accountant or other
professional agent – Weber – reporting back to the owner – Chantal – as to
what he has done so far on the “agreed” structure. He says: “So finally I hope
to get the right company organisation as follows: ..” Crucially, Weber ended
the telefax stating that he was working on Chantal’s files. This is wholly
inconsistent with his case that Chantal was his business advisor and he was
the purchaser of the Ethocyn Rights:

You see I am working on your files. For me it is a little heavy as I have to
read all documents and to understand all what you like and what they have
done. I have also to check if the way we go is the right one. Anyway I will do
my best and so fast as possible.”

[emphasis added in bold italics]

106 Weber’s 23 March 2000 facsimile to Chantal is also important because we
see Weber proposing himself (through BCS Singapore) instead, or Dr Lalaine De
La Cruz, as the ‘figure owner’:

So the legal office of Colin Andrew Nielsen Beyer must be informed that the
beneficial owner is Lalaine Delacruz, or if you like, BCS Singapore.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Weber later states:

Concerning the contract with Hongkong, I can give you in Singapore only the
possibility to use BCS. It is also possible to use a new company but this will
take us another four weeks. I don’t see any reason why not using BCS and
afterwards create directly in Hongkong a offshore company which makes the
business directly.

107 This early correspondence between Weber and Chantal convincingly suggests
that, from the beginning, Weber was assisting Chantal to set up a structure in
Singapore (ie Renslade (S)) for Chantal’s transfer of the Ethocyn business to
Singapore. This is inconsistent with the Defendants’ case that it was Weber
who saw a business opportunity to purchase and exploit the Ethocyn Rights and
procured his company, Renslade (S), to purchase the Ethocyn Rights from
Chantal.

108 Further, this early correspondence also supports the Estate’s case that
Chantal and Weber entered into the Trust Agreement (ie, as set out in [22]
above and paras 13 and 14 of the Statement of Claim) in November 1999\. First,
Chantal knew Weber prior to 1999. In a declaration filed by Wehinger in US
proceedings dated 17 September 2018, Wehinger confirmed that he did refer
Weber to Chantal. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

11 AB pp 5374–5375.

In a motion filed by Wehinger in support of the same proceedings, Wehinger
confirmed that he “did introduce [Chantal] to Weber some time prior to 1999”.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

11 AB p 5353.

Secondly, in a chronology prepared by Chantal, she recorded that she moved the
Ethocyn Business in December 1999 from Hong Kong to Singapore for tax reasons.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

12 AB pp 5734–5735.

This is consistent with the fact that Chantal and Weber entered into the Trust
Agreement in November 1999, before Chantal actually moved the Ethocyn Business
to Singapore one month later. Thirdly, there was also an email from Chantal to
Noel Conway on 5 March 2000. In this email, Chantal referred to a “Chinese
lady” in the “Orient”, presumably Christine, and mentioned that she wished for
Christine’s attorneys to handle the transactions with Colin Beyer in New
Zealand in relation to the transfer of the Ethocyn Business from New Zealand
to Singapore, as she wanted her “Swiss relationship to remain confidential”.
It is reasonable for us to presume, that this “Swiss relationship” refers to
Chantal’s relationship with Weber. Last, and as we have pointed out above at
[99], it is clear from the 9 March 2000 Email that Weber was already known to
Chantal then, and they already had prior discussions in relation to the
Ethocyn Business. Therefore, Weber’s claim in his AEIC (which was not admitted
as evidence at the trial) that he met Chantal for the first time in 2000
cannot be true. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Weber’s AEIC dated 30 September 2019 (“Weber’s AEIC”) at para 20.

As regards the date at which Chantal and Weber entered into the Trust
Agreement, we find that the Estate has proved on a prima facie basis that this
was entered into in November 1999. We move on to consider the subsequent
correspondence to show that it was Chantal who spearheaded the transfer of the
Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S).

109 On 27 March 2000, Chantal sent a letter by facsimile to Weber stating her
preference for BCS to be the beneficial owner and asked for his comments. In
this letter, Chantal is clearly giving directions on the legal agreements to
be entered into between which entities and asked whether Renslade (S) could be
re-named Renslade Holdings Pte Ltd. Chantal ended the facsimile by thanking
Weber for “all [his] efforts, accomplishments, and work product for the many
subjects and files”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCB pp 79–82; 2 AB pp 821–824.

On 30 March 2000, Weber sent a facsimile to Chantal and expressed his
preference to act solely on her instructions rather than her consultants. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCB pp 83–84; 2 AB pp 825–826.

On the same day, Chantal emailed Weber and instructed him to prepare for the
transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S) and thanked
him “for the assitance [sic]” and the “consult” which Weber had “so
professionally and expediously [sic] provided”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCB p 85; 2 AB p 827.

110 On 13 April 2000, Chantal sent a facsimile to Weber and asked him to
“finalize the agreements and contracts and start the sale of products”. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

2 AB pp 841–842.

Weber responded on 20 April 2000, expressing difficulties in finding a
Singaporean willing to be a director of Nova Derm Corporation. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCB pp 91–92; 2 AB pp 843–844.

On 9 May 2000, Christine, the company secretary of BCS (and therefore, in
effect, an employee of Weber), emailed Chantal and assured her that the name
“Renslade Holding Pte Ltd” had been reserved and would offer Chantal “all the
assistance” she required. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PCB p 95; 2 AB p 858.

111 On 10 May 2000, Chantal sent a facsimile to Weber, explaining to him her
plan for the assignment of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade
(S). She said that she would draft the terms of the transfer agreement and
told Weber that Singapore would provide her with “better (than New Zealand)
tax benefits”: 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCB pp 96–101; 2 AB pp 859–864.

1\. Drafting (and signing) a Renslade Holdings Pte. Ltd. Asset Purchase
(transfer)agreement to obtain (and now hold in Renslade Pte.) all the assets
purchased by Renslade Ltd(New Zealand) from Chantal Pharmaceutical last
October 19,1999. The best date for this agreement transferring the assets to
the Singapore company would be December 24, 1999. Of course, Renslade Pte.
Would have been 'another named (shelf) company at December 24,1999 when this
transfer of assets occurred. Is this possible: to have a shelf company in
Singapore (which existed on December 24th) which company changed/is changing
its name to Renslade Holdings Pte. Ltd.? …

I will fax- in next 24 hours- you a 'draft 'of what I suggest the terms of the
above'transfer of assets' agreement/document between Renslade N.Z and Renslade
Pte. be …

...

2\. Owner of Renslade Pte. Ltd: The owner of Renslade Pte. is/can be Dr. La
Laine de la Cruz, or another Person you suggest. She/he will be the signatory
to the transfer agreement. … Basically: the decision to transfer the Chantal
products' assets from New Zealand company to Singapore company (to be named
Renslade Holding Pte.) will be explained to be:" " "After business and tax
consultants' evaluation the decision was that: Singapore has better( than New
Zealand) tax benefits and operations situs for a company holding such assets
and contemplated future operations and sales."”

…

Thank you for all you have done

[emphasis added in bold italics, typographical errors in original]

112 Weber responded to Chantal’s facsimile on 15 May 2000, but did not suggest
who the “owner” of Renslade (S) should be. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

2 AB p 865.

On 16 May 2000, Chantal sent another facsimile to Weber, informing him again
that “Dr. Lalaine De La Cruz can be the owner of [Renslade (S)] or another
person you nominate” [emphasis added in bold italics]. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

2 AB p 867.

It should be noted that previously, Weber informed Chantal (see [106] above)
that the beneficial owner could be “Lalaine” or if she liked, BCS. This is not
inconsistent with Chantal’s email to Weber on 10 May 2000, where Chantal
mentioned that the owner could be “Lalaine” or whoever Weber nominates.
Chantal was simply giving Weber the option to choose who the owner of Renslade
(S) should be. Weber responded to Chantal’s facsimile on 19 May 2000, but did
not reply in relation to who the owner of Renslade (S) should be. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

2 AB pp 874 – 875.

113 Renslade (S) was incorporated on 23 May 2000. On 13 July 2000, Donaldson
and Burkinshaw LLP was instructed to transfer Renslade (NZ)’s assets,
including the Ethocyn Rights, to Renslade (S). 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

2 AB pp 932–933.

On 23 July 2001, Chantal emailed Weber, informing him that her plan was to
draft a long form “Transfer/assignment Document between [Renslade (NZ)] and
[Renslade (S)]” backdated to 24 May 2000 (“the 23 July 2001 Email”). 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCB pp 151–152; 3 AB pp 1121–1122.

Weber replied on 7 August 2001 that “it woud be verry fine” (sic). 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

3 AB p 1153.

On 11 September 2001, Christine informed Chantal that Renslade (NZ) and
Renslade (S) had executed an assignment for the transfer of the Ethocyn Rights
to Renslade (S). 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

3 AB pp 1161–1162.

The assignment between Renslade (NZ) and Renslade (S) was executed on or
around September 2001 and backdated to 24 May 2000 (“the Assignment”). The
Assignment provided for the transfer of all “right, title and interest in and
to all rights and obligations” of Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S), and stated
that the assignment was for valuable consideration. The Assignment however,
does not state the form or amount of the consideration: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Weber’s AEIC at paras 26–27; Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 20A; 2 AB p
877.

For valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, [Renslade (NZ)], hereby assigns all of its right, title and
interest in and to all rights and obligations recited in that certain October
19,1999 Asset Purchase Agreement between [Renslade (NZ)] and [the Chantal
Companies] to [Renslade (S)], a Singapore Incorporated Company and [Renslade
(S)] hereby accepts such assignment.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

114 As noted above at [35], the Defendants’ case is that Weber had bought the
Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) for US$325,000 with monies belonging to BCS
and/or himself. Weber’s case is that Chantal wanted to sell the Ethocyn Rights
and Weber saw a good business opportunity and therefore agreed to purchase the
same for his own benefit. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 15A.3.

The Estate has provided documents, including communications from Chantal to
Weber and vice versa, to prove their case. In none of the above
contemporaneous documents is there any hint of Chantal wanting to sell and
Weber wanting and then deciding to buy the Ethocyn Rights. Weber has not
produced any document or other evidence which shows:

(a) negotiations with Chantal over the sale of the Ethocyn Rights;

(b) the price at which this purchase was to be made; or

(c) how he paid for the Ethocyn Rights.

115 Although Weber’s AEIC was not admitted into the evidence, it is
interesting to note that Weber says nothing about the issues stated at
[114(a)] to [114(c)] above in his AEIC. Crucially, he did not depose that he
paid US$350,000 for the purchase of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ).
Weber did state that, after he acquired the Ethocyn Rights, he paid over
US$120,000 to transport the manufacturing equipment from Hungary to the United
States and took over the obligation to pay royalties to the Chantal Companies.
133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Weber’s AEIC at paras 28–35, Tab 11.

However, not all of the documents (in German) referred to in his AEIC were
translated. Those that were only showed shipment receipts and payment
instructions. Even though the Assignment states that the transfer of Ethocyn
Rights from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S) was for “valuable consideration”,
Weber tellingly claims that he could not recall the details of the payment:
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Weber’s AEIC at paras 32 and 33.

However, I am unable to recall exactly how or when the payment was effected as
the transactions relating to the acquisition of the Ethocyn Rights by Renslade
SG took place about 20 years ago. For several years now I have been handling a
number of different businesses and managing various different streams of
income. It is not easy to trace a payment made about 20 years ago, and it is
not reasonable to expect such payment records to be retained for 20 years when
the retention period in Singapore was only 7 years.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

It is of significance that despite pleading in the Defence (Amd 4) that he
purchased the Ethocyn Rights for the sum of US$325,000, Weber’s AEIC does not
even mention this sum.

116 On the contrary, the documentary evidence supports Baker’s case that the
transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S) was not for
monetary consideration. First, on 7 October 2002, Christine emailed Chantal
asking if a nominal consideration of US$1 could be put up for the Assignment:
135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PCB pp 186–187; 3 AB pp 1321–1322.

With the situation today, I can confirm to [Shaun] that it’s a 1-step direct
assignment from Chantal Pharmaceutical to Renslade Singapore (as TM owner).
However, we are still short of one input from you, i.e. the monetary
consideration (sale price) for each of the assignment. It was recommended to
us that we need put a nominal amount on all assignments. Can we proceed with
say US$1 each?”

[emphasis added in bold italics]

117 Secondly, Chantal emailed Weber on 1 November 2000, stating that the
“legal consideration” for the Assignment is the assumption of ongoing
obligations and royalty payments. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

2 AB p 969.

These emails were not challenged in cross-examination. We therefore find that
no, or at most, nominal consideration was paid for the transfer of the Ethocyn
Rights from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S).

118 At the trial, Mr Yeo SC challenged Baker’s case, on multiple occasions,
that there was no agreement between Weber and Chantal for Weber to hold the
Ethocyn Rights on trust for Chantal, since in all the correspondence so far,
there was no mention of any “trust” or equivalent terms: 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Tr/13.11.19/78/6–79/1; 91/1-10; 94/20–95/1.

Yeo: Do you see anything in [the 9 March 2000 Email] which refers to [Chantal]
being the beneficial owner or Mr Weber holding the assets on trust for her?

Baker: No, but it does say that the -- Lalaine de la Cruz will still be the
owner and, in fact, when she is talking about this was Esterkin, she will not
say ever to him that she is the owner in any way, shape or form.

…

Yeo: Does [Chantal] refer to Ms de la Cruz holding on trust or being a figure
owner for [Chantal] in [the 9 March 2000 email]?

Baker: No, she said de la Cruz will continue to hold that, not Mr Weber.

…

Yeo: Mr Baker, there is nothing, I suggest to you, in [the email on 10 March
2000 from Chantal to Weber] that refers to Mr Weber or his entities holding
Ethocyn rights on trust for [Chantal].

…

Baker: … What [the fax from Chantal to Weber on 21 March 2000] does is it
shows her setting up everything, in that Weber doesn’t seem to understand much
about anything …

…

Yeo: … Mr Baker, I’m simply suggesting to you that if your story is correct,
then there would be a reference by this time to Mr Weber holding the companies
on trust for [Chantal]. You can agree or disagree. Let's move on.

Baker: I disagree. I don’t think it needs to be said right here …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

119 Mr Yeo SC also suggested at the trial that Chantal was merely fulfilling
her duties as the Chief Operating Officer of Renslade (NZ) and Weber was
advising her in respect of Renslade (NZ)’s business. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Tr/13.11.19/92/14–93/2; 117/21–118/1.

As noted above, the correspondence, however, did not support the Defendants’
case at all. On the contrary, it was clear that Weber took Chantal’s
instructions, and Chantal directed the transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from
Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S) for nominal consideration. From the start (the
email from Wehinger to Chantal on 3 March 2000), Wehinger told Chantal that
both he and Weber will support her business. Throughout the correspondence
between Chantal and Weber, Chantal thanked Weber repeatedly for his assistance
and consultations, and Weber (tele-facsimiled on 23 March 2000) acknowledged
that he was working on Chantal’s files. Chantal was also the one who decided
that, instead of Lalaine, BCS should be the “figure owner” of Renslade (S).

120 For the reasons above, we find that none of these documents show that
Weber was the beneficial owner of the Ethocyn Rights (or that it was purchased
by him). On the contrary, Chantal remained the beneficial owner of the Ethocyn
Rights (after acquiring it at the US Bankruptcy Proceedings).

Who provided the US$135,000 for the Royalty Buyout?

121 On 23 July 2002, the US Bankruptcy Court approved a royalty buyout where
Renslade (S) bought out the Chantal Companies’ rights to the Ethocyn Royalty
for US$135,000. Baker’s pleaded case is that it was Chantal who provided the
sums for the Royalty Buyout. On the contrary, the Defendants claim that it was
BCS who provided these sums and not Chantal. As we set out the events that led
to the Royalty Buyout, we find that the evidence supports Baker’s claim that,
on a prima facie basis, it was Chantal who provided the US$135,000 for the
Royalty Buyout.

122 On 25 May 2000, Renslade (S) entered into an exclusive distribution
agreement with BCS for the latter to distribute Ethocyn-related products
(“BCS-Renslade Distribution Agreement”). On 26 May 2000, BCS entered into two
separate distribution agreements with E. Cosmetics LLC and Nova Derm
Corporation to appoint them as sub-distributors (“the Sub-Distributors
Agreement”). 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

2 AB pp 880–927.

These distribution agreements appear, and we so find, to have been arranged on
Chantal’s instructions. E. Cosmetics LLC and Nova Derm Corporation were
entitles controlled by Chantal. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Baker’s AEIC at para 171.

Further, in an email from Christine to Chantal on 21 September 2000, Christine
took instructions from Chantal in relation to the preparation of the
distribution agreements and asked if Chantal had any comments on this: 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

2 AB p 954.

Yesterday, Mr Weber was in BCS office and we had a discussion on some of the
outstanding matters.

…

2) Distribution agreement

We assume that the assignment of the rights from Renslade NZ to ASTC is
confirmed. As such we will proceed with the preparation of [the distribution
agreements]:

…

These 3 Distribution Agreement will take the effective date of 1st April 2000.
We proposed this date because we started the reporting of gross revenue from
Singapore at this date. (Do you have any comments on this?) Mr Weber’s opinion
is that these 3 agreements should be kept as simple as possible …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

123 On 11 November 2000, Weber sent Chantal an email requesting that Chantal
“make sure that we have finalisised [sic] the royalty problem.” 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

2 AB p 981.

Chantal replied two days later to inform Weber that she had informed Mr
Esterkin of Renslade (S)’s offer to pay US$225,000 to buy out the Creditors’
Committee’s rights to the Ethocyn Royalty and that this was conveyed to the
Creditors’ Committee. The fee payable for the Royalty Buyout was eventually
reduced to US$135,000. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

2 AB pp 983–984.

124 Chantal then had numerous email exchanges with BCS’s Christine in relation
to Chantal’s payment of US$135,000 for the Royalty Buyout: 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

3 AB pp 1187–1188, 1190.

(a) On 19 March 2002, Chantal emailed Christine, asking her for the bank
account information to transfer monies from Nova Derm Corporation to Renslade
(S).

(b) Christine replied the next day, asking Chantal whether the upcoming
transfer would include the “amount need [sic] for royalty buy-out (USD
135,000)”.

(c) Chantal responded on 21 March 2002, confirming that these funds would
“include $135,000 for royalty buy out”.

125 On 20 April 2002, Chantal transferred US$167,154.82 from Nova Derm
Corporation to Renslade (S). This was recorded in a set of typewritten notes,
which we find were made by Chantal, titled “Instructions for Bank America
transactions sat; April 20, 2002”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

3 AB p 1270.

The transfer was carried out on 22 April 2002. On the same day, Chantal
informed Christine of the transfer of monies from Nova Derm Corporation to
Renslade (S) and requested her to inform Mr Esterkin (Chantal’s lawyer in the
Chapter 11 proceedings) that they would be wiring him “the $135,000 Royalty
Buyout monies later this week”: 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

3 AB p 1273.

Dear Christine,

I hope you have received wire transfer of $167,154.82 … It was sent to …
Renslade Holdings Pte. Ltd

…

I recommend you email Estrekin back as follows:

Dear Mr. Esterkin,

…

We will be wiring to you the $135,000 Royalty Buy monies later this week.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

126 Between 24 July 2002 to 6 August 2002, Chantal instructed Christine to
follow up on the completion of the Royalty Buyout. For example, on 24 July
2002, Chantal asked Christine to send Mr Esterkin an email, asking him to
update her (Christine) on the “status regarding [the] approval of Royalty Buy
Out AGreemnt [sic]”. On 26 July 2002, Mr Esterkin informed Christine that the
US Bankruptcy Court has approved the Royalty Buyout. Subsequently, on 6 August
2002, Christine emailed Chantal asking Chantal if the “royalty buy-out issue
[was] closed” and whether Chantal still required her assistance. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

3 AB pp 1287–1289, 1296–1298.

127 The Defendants do not dispute that Nova Derm Corporation transferred the
sum of US$167,154.82 to Renslade (S) on 22 April 2002. Notwithstanding the
correspondence referred to above, Mr Yeo SC challenged at the trial that it
was BCS who provided the funds for the Royalty Buyout as Nova Derm Corporation
was a subsidiary of BCS, and the payment of US$167,154.82 was for royalties
due to Renslade (S) under the Sub-Distributors Agreement: 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Tr/14.11.19/39/22–40/25.

Yeo: [I]sn’t it correct that Nova Derm was incorporated as a subsidiary of
BCS? … Nova Derm was a subsidiary of BCS, correct?

Baker: … I agree.

Yeo: Thank you. Not only that, Nova Derm had entered, by this time, into a
distribution agreement or sub-distribution agreement with BCS whereby they
were supposed to pay royalties to BCS, correct?

Baker: Correct.

Yeo: In turn, BCS would pay royalties to Renslade Singapore, correct?

Baker: Correct.

Yeo: … Mr Baker, isn’t this simply a case of Nova Derm transferring its
royalty payments direct to Renslade Singapore, rather than going through BCS?

Baker: Absolutely not. I disagree … Chantal Burnison controlled everything --
money, payments, whether she made the royalty payments or not …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

128 We accept that there is documentary evidence supporting Weber’s assertion
that Nova Derm Corporation was BCS’s subsidiary. For example, Cl 2.3 of the
BCS-Renslade Distribution Agreement provides that Nova Derm Corporation was
the subsidiary of BCS: 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

2 AB p 881.

… For the avoidance of doubt, [BCS] has the right to appoint its subsidiaries
(namely Nova Derm Corporation and E-Cosmetics LLC) as sub-distributors of the
Products in North America.

129 Furthermore, in an email from Chantal to Weber on 9 May 2000, Chantal
stated that “Renslade [(S)] needs to provide Royalty committee a copy of the
[BCS-Renslade Distribution Agreement] between Renslade [(S)] and BCS (which
holds Nova Derm Corp and E. Cosmetics LLC--U.S. subsidiaries of BCS
distributing Chantal products)”. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

2 AB p 855.

In another email from Chantal to one Steve dated 24 September 2002, Chantal
stated that “NowaDerm [sic] Corporation is the U.S. subsidiary of BCS which
runs North American operations …” 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

3 AB p 1316.

130 It was therefore in this context that Baker referred to an email from
Weber to Chantal dated 13 April 2000, where Weber referred to “your [Chantal]
company in USA”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

2 AB p 843.

However, this line of questions by Mr Yeo SC completely ignores the fact that
it was, as we have found at [122] above, Chantal who set up Nova Derm
Corporation for the purposes of distributing the Ethocyn Products in the US
and decided it would be a subsidiary of BCS in her planned corporate structure
to exploit her product. This is evident from Chantal’s email to Weber on 10
March 2000, where she informed Weber that she had arranged for the
incorporation of a new Delaware company, Nova Derm Corporation, to perform the
role of “the North American distributor for the Chantal Products”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

2 AB p 771.

In addition, on 13 April 2000, Chantal sent Weber Nova Derm Corporation’s
incorporation papers. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

2 AB p 841.

Therefore, the fact that Nova Derm Corporation was BCS’s subsidiary did not
necessarily lead to the conclusion that the funds for the Royalty Buyout were
provided by BCS.

131 We reject Weber’s claim, made through his counsel, Mr Yeo SC, that the
transfer of US$167,154.82 from Nova Derm Corporation to Renslade (S) was for
royalties due to Renslade (S). There are no documents supporting such a claim
and Weber chose not to give evidence. Not only did the correspondence between
Christine and Chantal refer to the US$167,154.82 as the payment for the
Royalty Buyout, it was clear that Chantal was providing the funds for the
Royalty Buyout and Christine was acting on Chantal’s instructions to transfer
US$135,000 out of this US$167,154.82 to Mr Esterkin for the Royalty Buyout.
There was also an email from BCS’s Ms Oer Yan Fern to Chantal dated 13 March
2003, where Ms Fern specifically referred to the US$167,154.82 as sums
transferred for the Royalty Buyout. In the same email, Ms Fern also referred
to a separate payment of US$69,996.50 and enquired if that payment was a
royalty payment from Nova Derm to Renslade (S): 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

3 AB p 1330.

Dear Dr Chantal,

…

1) Since the last remittance of USD167,154.82 in April 2002 from Nova Derm for
the royalty buy-out, Renslade a/c did not receive money from Nowa Derm [sic]
or any other agents/distributor …

2) We received yesterday a sum of USD69,996.50 in our BCS a/c with your name
as a reference. Please advise how we should treat this sum. Is this royalty
payments from Nowa Derm [sic] to Singapore?

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

132 The Estate’s case is that Chantal was directing professionals and persons
and set up this structure to keep her ownership opaque, to move the assets
offshore to a more friendly tax regime and to structure her production and
sales channels through corporations set up at her direction. The documentary
evidence set out above is consistent with their case. In addition we have the
evidence of Baker and Heika. Bearing in mind the burden of proof and the tests
to be applied (see [66] to [70] above), we accept the version put forward by
the Estate and find not only that the Estate has made out a prima facie case
but also that the Defendants have not been able to discredit the witnesses
under cross-examination or impugn the relevant documents and their contents as
contended by the Estate. As noted previously, this is a case where Weber has
chosen not to give evidence to explain why his emails and facsimiles should
not be given their plain and natural meaning.

133 Finally, we add that there is sufficient prima facie evidence put forward
by the Estate of how Nova Derm obtained the sum of USD$167,154.82 which it
subsequently transferred to Renslade (S). On 19 April 2002, a sum of
US$994,595.30 was transferred from one Chicago Title Insurance Company to Nova
Derm Corporation’s bank account. Baker claims that this came from a loan of
US$ 1 million which Chantal had taken out from Wells Fargo bank by way of a
mortgage on her home at Sarbonne. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

2 Supplementary Agreed Bundle (“SAB”) pp 3–4, 67–70.

Approximately $6,000 was used to pay the fees incurred in taking out this
loan, and the remaining sums were transferred to Nova Derm Corporation’s bank
account, increasing Nova Derm Corporation’s bank account balance from
US$16,331.47 to US$1,010,926.77. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

3 AB pp 1243–1245.

At the trial, parties agreed that the Ethocyn Rights did not generate any
significant income prior to the Nu Skin SDA. As such, the evidence does
suggest that the US$ 1 million in Nova Derm Corporation’s bank account came
from monies raised by the mortgage taken out by Chantal. Although the
Defendants submit that Baker’s claim is baseless, they are unable to provide
any documentary evidence nor any alternative explanation as to where the US$1
million in Nova Derm Corporation’s bank account could possibly have come from,
given that it is also their claim that Nova Derm Corporation is BCS’s
subsidiary. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 398, 399.

134 Baker also explained in his AEIC that parties had never truly intended the
monies due under the Distribution Agreements (BCS-Renslade Distribution
Agreement and the Sub-Distributors Agreements) to be royalties payable to
Renslade (S). The royalty payment due to Renslade (S) was described as such in
order for Renslade (S) to hold the income generated from the Ethocyn Rights on
trust for Chantal. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Baker’s AEIC at paras 207–210.

Whether we find this to be true depends on whether we accept Baker’s case that
there was indeed a trust agreement between the parties. For this issue, it
suffices for us to conclude and find that the Estate has made out a prima
facie case that Chantal provided the funds for the Royalty Buyout from the
monies raised by her mortgage of her home at Sarbonne.

Who Arranged for the Transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (S) to BCS?

135 The Ethocyn Rights were eventually transferred from Renslade (S) to BCS
pursuant to the Deed of Assignment. As we set out the events that led to this
transfer, we find that the Estate has established on a prima facie basis that
it was Chantal who arranged for the transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from
Renslade (S) to BCS. The Estate’s case is that the Deed of Assignment was
entered into around 26 July 2002 and backdated to 1 April 2002. The
Defendants’ case is that Weber arranged for the Ethocyn Rights to be
transferred from Renslade (S) to BCS pursuant to the Deed of Assignment that
was executed on 1 April 2002.

136 Reviewing the documentary evidence (which was not challenged in cross-
examination), we find that it was Chantal who arranged for the transfer of the
Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (S) to BCS for the purposes of the Nu Skin SDA.
This is consistent with our findings at [145] below that Chantal was the
driving force behind the Nu Skin negotiations. In an email from Chantal to
Weber on 20 September 2002, Chantal updated Weber on her ongoing negotiations
with Nu Skin and specifically mentioned that she wanted the Nu Skin SDA to be
signed with BCS: 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

3 AB pp 1314–1315.

ANyway, The Nu SKin agreement..as it is being prepared for NON-North American
distribution countries should also be with SIngapore COmpany[BCS?] …

[emphasis added in bold italics, typographical errors in original]

137 Subsequently, on 24 September 2002, Chantal sent an email to one Mr Steve
Schwartz of International Research Services, Inc., a clinical research
company, and updated him that the Ethocyn Rights were assigned to BCS Business
Commercial Services Pte Ltd: 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

3 AB p 1316.

… Renslade Holdings and BCS Business Commercial Services PTE … have assigned
all patents to BCS Business COmmercial Servicces Pte. Ltd in SIngapore …

[typographical errors in original]

BCS Business Commercial Services Pte Ltd was BCS’s previous corporate name.
BCS changed its corporate name to BCS Business Consulting Services Pte Ltd on
26 July 2002. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

10 AB pp 4998–5000.

138 In an email dated 16 February 2012 from Chantal to Weber, Chantal
requested Weber to forward her the Deed of Assignment between Renslade (S) to
BCS which she “guess[ed]” occurred shortly after BCS’s name change. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

5 AB pp 2349–2350.

We find that the correspondence above does prove on a prima facie basis that
it was Chantal who arranged for the assignment of the Ethocyn Rights from
Renslade (S) to BCS. Weber did not come to trial to contend otherwise.
However, the correspondence above did not support the Estate’s case that the
Deed of Assignment was backdated. Nowhere in the emails did Chantal mention
that the Ethocyn Rights had yet to be transferred. Even Chantal herself was
uncertain when the Ethocyn Rights was transferred, as she “guess[ed]” that it
occurred after BCS’s name change. Therefore, we find that the Ethocyn Rights
were transferred on 1 April 2002, as stated in the Deed of Assignment.

The Nu Skin SDA and the management of the alleged Trust Monies (2002 –
September 2015)

139 We now turn to the period from after the Royalty Buyout to September 2015
when Chantal was diagnosed with cancer.

140 To recapitulate, Renslade (S) assigned the Ethocyn Rights to BCS under the
Deed of Assignment dated 1 April 2002 (see [138] above). The US Bankruptcy
Court approved the Royalty Buyout on 23 July 2002. On or about 26 June 2003,
BCS entered into a supply and distribution agreement with Nu Skin, a Utah
corporation, which we refer to as “the Nu Skin SDA” (see [25] above). This was
a significant contract as it generated very large revenues. The following
events, which are not disputed, also took place:

(a) Chantal signed the Nu Skin SDA on behalf of BCS. Under the Nu Skin SDA,
BCS agreed to supply Ethocyn to Nu Skin for Nu Skin’s distribution. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

3 AB pp 1335–1355.

Pursuant to cl 7.9 of the BCS-Renslade Distribution Agreement, BCS retained a
“distribution fee of [5%]”, which was subsequently increased to 10% on 2
January 2015. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

2 AB p 888.

(b) Renslade (HK) was incorporated on 5 November 2007 with Weber as its sole
shareholder. After BCS retained a “distribution fee” of 5% from the payments
made by Nu Skin, the remaining sums were transferred to Renslade (HK) for tax
reasons. These sums are referred to as the “alleged Trust Monies”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

4 AB pp 1866–1879; 10 AB pp 4959–1966; 5 AB pp 2010–2088; and 12 AB pp
5786–5787.

(c) From 2008 to 2011, a total of US$9,450,000 was paid by BCS or Renslade
(HK) to E. Cosmetics Corporation, an entity incorporated in the United States
that is controlled by Chantal. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Baker’s AEIC at para 310.

(d) From 2011 to 2017, a total of US$24,555,000 was paid by BCS or Renslade
(HK) to BCS Pharma Corporation, an entity incorporated in the United States
that is controlled by Chantal. Both E. Cosmetics Corporation and BCS Pharma
Corporation manufactured and produced Ethocyn products.

141 This appears to be a period of smooth cooperation and functioning between
Chantal and Weber, BCS and Renslade (S) (and later Renslade (HK)). There were
no disagreements or conflicts apparent from the evidence. However, we need to
examine the evidence as each side has a different interpretation of the events
and evidence and has put forward conflicting contentions.

142 It would be useful at this juncture to recapitulate the parties’ pleaded
cases in relation to the management of the alleged Trust Monies:

(a) Baker claims that, from around 2007 to 2017, Nu Skin made payments under
the Nu Skin SDA to BCS. 95% of the monies paid by Nu Skin to BCS were held on
trust for Chantal. The remaining 5% were retained by BCS or Weber as
commission. In or around 2016, BCS and/or Weber started retaining 10% of the
monies paid by Nu Skin to BCS without Chantal’s knowledge and/or consent. Upon
Chantal’s requests, Weber would transfer alleged Trust Monies from BCS and/or
Renslade (HK) to Chantal or entities controlled by her, or entities involved
in the production and marketing of the Ethocyn products or the protection of
the Ethocyn rights.

(b) The Defendants claim that, from 25 May 2000 till her death, Chantal worked
for Renslade (S) as a consultant and aided Renslade (S) and BCS with the
exploitation of the Ethocyn Rights. BCS paid E. Cosmetics Corporation and BCS
Pharma Corporation to formulate and package Ethocyn products for Nu Skin. BCS
and/or Renslade (HK) paid for the costs of producing the Ethocyn products and
other expenses from the sums Nu Skin paid to BCS in advance. The net sums
constituted profits which belonged to the Defendants. Renslade (HK) has no
knowledge or involvement in the alleged Trust and never held any monies on
trust for Chantal. It was for tax purposes that the profits generated from the
Ethocyn products were transferred to Renslade (HK) in Hong Kong, and 5% (2007
to 2014) and 10% (from 2015) was retained by BCS in Singapore as distribution
fee. Further, Chantal claimed costs on behalf of E. Cosmetics Corporation
and/or BCS Pharma Corporation, which was higher than the actual costs
incurred. As a result, BCS paid an excess of US$18,377,465.23 in costs which
was profited by Chantal.

143 It is of some significance to note that, despite the Defendants’ pleaded
case that Chantal misled them into overpaying her the sum of US$18,377,465.23,
the Defendants have not filed a counterclaim for the same. We therefore need
not dwell on this overpayment any further.

144 Having considered the evidence, we find the evidence, especially the
documentary evidence, surrounding the alleged Trust Monies to be consistent
with Baker’s case that the Ethocyn Rights and Trust Monies beneficially
belonged to Chantal for the following reasons.

145 First, we agree with and accept the evidence of Baker, who deposed in his
AEIC that the documentary evidence shows that Chantal was the driving force
for all dealings with Nu Skin. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Baker’s AEIC at paras 253–302.

She negotiated with Nu Skin and was the primary decision maker. Chantal had
started negotiating deals with Nu Skin from November 2000. For example, in an
email from Chantal to Weber dated 20 September 2002, Chantal informed Weber
that she was in final agreement with Nu Skin for the launch of Ethocyn
products in Japan. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

3 AB pp 1314–1315.

Chantal also decided on the pricing of the Ethocyn products with Nu Skin. In
an email from Chantal to one Hartono Sianto (a director of Renslade (HK), 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

10 AB p 4962.

“Hartono”) and Weber on 16 January 2014, Chantal agreed to a 6% price
reduction when Nu Skin made a large order. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

7 AB pp 3400–3401.

Throughout the period of collaboration with Nu Skin from 2003 to 2016, it was
Chantal who drove the entire Ethocyn business with Nu Skin. When Nu Skin
required the Ethocyn products, Nu Skin would send its purchase orders directly
to Chantal. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

4 AB pp 1631–1634.

There was also an email from one Blaine Knight (Nu Skin’s representative) to
Baker on 13 February 2018, confirming that his primary point of contact was
with one Mark Lehman, BCS Pharma Corporation’s legal counsel. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

1 SAB p 55.

Chantal was the one who updated BCS’s staff on the business development with
Nu Skin and it was Chantal’s companies who manufactured and produced the
Ethocyn products. At the trial, the Defendants did not challenge Chantal’s
control over the Nu Skin business. There is no evidence that one would expect
to find where the chief operations officer (“COO”) reports back to the owner
on the significant stages of the Nu Skin SDA to obtain the owner’s agreement.
Chantal made the decisions.

146 Secondly, Chantal would reimburse Weber for his out-of-pocket expenses
that he incurred for the Ethocyn business. For example, on 16 August 2000
(before the Nu Skin SDA), Weber emailed Chantal requesting payments for (a)
royalties, (b) invoices by other companies for business related expenses and
(c) “invoice for [his] services”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

2 AB p 949.

In another email from Chantal to Weber on 8 September 2002, Weber informed
Chantal that he would send her an invoice “for the expedition of the Ethocy[n]
to USA” and that he had paid for that invoice. On 20 September 2002, Chantal
replied, reminding Weber to “always pay [his] expenses and needs/fees
regarding [Ethocyn] from the money in Switzerland by Amalfino”, which was
where Chantal would transfer the funds to. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

3 AB pp 1313–1315.

The Defendants did not challenge these documents in cross-examination.

147 Thirdly, Weber had to account for the alleged Trust Monies to Chantal. We
list four notable instances:

(a) On 4 March 2012, Weber emailed Chantal, updating her that “we have had
more th[a]n USD 6.3[m] sen[t] over to you in the past 12 months …” In
response, Chantal asked Weber to “send [her] an itemization (by month) of
[the] past 12 months’ transfers” in the amount of US$ 6.2 million. Weber
subsequently sent Chantal a report of all the payments made from Renslade (HK)
to E. Cosmetics Corporation and BCS Pharma Corporation. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

5 AB pp 2422–2426.

(b) In an email correspondence between Chantal and Weber on 30 November 2012,
Weber informed Chantal that Renslade (HK) “needed some cash as [they] haven’t
got any income this year … so [he] have put some cash in”. Chantal was
concerned and replied, stating that she was “surprised that there was [no]
money from years before accumulated”, and asked Weber to provide an account of
the alleged Trust Monies between 2003 and 2011. Weber responded that he “will
check the cash flow and will give [Chantal] a list” and told her not to worry
about it. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

6 AB pp 2654–2655.

(c) In an email correspondence between Chantal and Weber on 10 and 11 December
2012, Chantal emailed Weber and enquired about BCS’s balance of accounts,
asking him if he had “look[ed] at the balance of accounts in Singapore”. Weber
replied, stating that he “will send [her] all the details about Renslade [the
same] week” and explained that he had “made some investments” to justify the
differences in the figures. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

6 AB pp 2671–2674.

(d) On 4 August 2014, Chantal emailed Weber and requested the “balance
remaining at this date in account regarding Nu Skin monies [sic] received in
2013 and 2014”. Weber replied the next day, informing Chantal that he would
provide the details as soon as he was in Singapore. On 17 August 2014, Weber
emailed Chantal the accounting information of Renslade (S) from 2012 to 2014.
179

##### Foot Note 179

×

8 AB pp 3530–3532, 3564–3565.

148 Fourthly, as regards the alleged Trust Monies transferred to the companies
controlled by Chantal (E. Cosmetics Corporation and BCS Pharma Corporation),
we find that the evidence supports Baker’s case on a prima facie basis that
the alleged Trust Monies were transferred on Chantal’s instructions. From 2007
to 2016, BCS and Renslade (HK) would, at Chantal’s request, unquestioningly
transfer millions of dollars each year to companies controlled by Chantal. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

See Baker’s AEIC, Table 5 and 6, Annex A.

For example, on 31 March 2008, Chantal sent an email to BCS requesting a
transfer of US$150,000 to her Los Angeles bank account: 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

4 AB pp 1716–1717.

KIndly [sic] wire transfer $150,000 to our E. Cosmetic , Los Angeles bank
account at your earliest convenience …

This was done on the same day without any question on the purpose of the
transfer: 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

4 AB p 1715.

Dear Dr. Chantal,

Kindly be informed that we have proceeded with the wire transfer of USD
150,000.00 to E. Cosmetics via Wells Fargo Bank today.

Best Regards,

Hartono

149 In addition, there was also an instance when the Defendants transferred
US$500,000 to Chantal for her medical bills. On 15 August 2016, Chantal
emailed Hartono requesting a transfer of US$500,000 to her BCS Pharma’s Wells
Fargo Los Angeles bank account for the payment of her medical bills, and this
was done on the same day without any question: 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

9 AB pp 4391–4392, 4415–4416.

Kindly write to Wells Fargo Los Angeles account the $ sum of $500,000 [a]t you
[sic] earliest convenience(Preferably today).

There are numerous medical bills that are immediately need [sic] for surgeries
and hospitals ( surgeons and hospitals).

In the next days I will be able to email to a proforma of the next 30 days'
anticipated wire transfers. This first $500,00,000 today transfer request is
immediately needed ( today/tomorrow).

[emphasis added in bold italics]

150 At the trial, Mr Yeo SC put to Baker that this personal transfer was a
one-off exception for Chantal given her medical condition, and that it was an
act of charity: 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Tr/14.11.19/191/19–192/10.

Yeo: Mr Baker, I suggest to you this is a one-off request which Mr Weber had
no difficulty acceding to, given the personal circumstances of [Chantal], who
urgently needed to pay for medical treatment …

Baker: I’m sure my counsel will ask Mr Weber that next week, but I disagree
vehemently that this is an act of charity of a half million dollars.

Yeo: Mr Baker, this is not an instant you can rely on to show that [Chantal]
was truly the owner of all the companies’ assets. You can agree or disagree.

Baker: I disagree. I think this further illustrates that any time she asked
for money, for any reason, whether it was health, medical, just -- “I just
feel like having $200,000 sent to me”, he always did that and that’s exactly
what happened, and if it’s contrary, then that’s for Mr Weber to say.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

151 Whilst it may well be that the transfer of US$500,000 could be a one-off
transfer out of charitable sentiments in other situations, it remains the case
of Baker and the Estate in this case – and Baker has given emphatic evidence,
which we accept – that the transfer of US$500,000 on 15 August 2016 was not
such a charitable act, as it was Chantal’s monies and she needed and wanted
them transferred over for her medical expenses. By that stage, Baker was
assisting Chantal and would have personal knowledge of this. That is certainly
an explanation or reason that was not so inherently incredible or unbelievable
or beyond the remit of common sense. Furthermore, importantly, Weber has
chosen not to give evidence of his version of why this US$500,000 was sent to
Chantal. We therefore find there is no basis for Mr Yeo SC to suggest
otherwise and we accept Baker’s evidence. There was an email from Hartono to
Weber on 15 August 2016, where Hartono forwarded Chantal’s email above and
told him it was “[f]or [his] info”. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

9 AB p 4392.

The email, however, only showed Hartono merely informing Weber about the
transfer, and Hartono did not actually obtain Weber’s consent before
transferring US$500,000 for Chantal’s medical expenses. The Defendants did not
call Hartono to give evidence on this aspect.

152 The Defendants submit that these monies were for operating expenses and
costs related to the Ethocyn business. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 424–437.

In support of this submission, the Defendants’ counsel painstakingly compiled
all the transfer requests from Chantal to BCS. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

See Annex A of the Defendants’ Closing Submissions for a list of all the
documents.

Having reviewed the documents, we find that Chantal indeed classified these
transfer of monies (except the one-off request for medical expenses above) for
the purposes of operating costs and production. In short, Chantal directed the
transfer of the alleged Trust Monies to various entities and stated that these
transfers were for operating expenses and costs related to the Ethocyn
business. We also find that Chantal did, in a few instances, provide
justifications for these transfers. For example, on 17 August 2009, Chantal
requested a transfer of US$200,000 and explained that “[t]his amount is higher
than usual request due to a combined payment for [Ethocyn] clinical trials in
progress and the forthcoming Nu Skin compound production”. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

4 AB pp 1864–1865.

On 30 August 2013, Chantal requested a transfer of US$585,000 and explained
that this was for the costs of purchasing “raw ingredients” for the Ethocyn
products. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

7 AB pp 3232–3233.

153 The classification of these transfers as operating costs and expenses may
on one view appear inconsistent with Baker’s case that these are actually
Trust Monies owed to Chantal. Baker explained in his AEIC that the payments
were classified as such only for auditing and tax purposes. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Baker’s AEIC at paras 328–330.

His explanation would account for Chantal asking for transfers from BCS, as
she had the discretion on how much she could call for and how they were to be
booked in BCS’s ledgers. There was evidence showing that these funds were
first characterised as “loans”, but then re-characterised as “expenses”, 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

4 AB pp 1811–1812; 3 AB p 1417.

which Baker argues supports his claim that the alleged Trust Monies belonged
to Chantal. There was also no evidence on how these funds were used or
accounted for in the other companies. It is not unknown for businessmen to
classify payments received under one ledger or category or another, whether
for tax or accounting reasons. Suffice to say, at this stage, the documentary
evidence supports our finding that Chantal directed the transfer of funds, and
these were largely done without question. The Estate has given an explanation
and reasons that, again, are not inherently incredible or unbelievable. On the
contrary, it is in accord with how many private limited companies operate
within a private corporate group structure and is consistent with why Chantal,
having chosen to keep her beneficial ownership opaque, was nonetheless driving
the exploitation of her Ethocyn product.

154 At the trial, Mr Yeo SC tried contesting the documentary evidence by
putting to Baker that BCS complied with Chantal’s requests for monies because
their staff, Christine and Hartono, trusted Chantal: 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Tr/14.11.19/58/13–21.

Yeo: Mr Baker, I'm suggesting to you, because the BCS people, for instance,
Christine Yong, trusted [Chantal] and because they believed Nowa Derm [sic]
and E.Cosmetics were subsidiaries of BCS, they complied readily with these
requests and not because [Chantal] was the beneficial owner. You can agree or
disagree.

Baker: I disagree, and if that were true, then you would have Ms Christine
Yong here as a witness …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

155 Mr Yeo SC also sought to suggest that, in 2011, Chantal and Weber had
developed a personal relationship and Weber therefore trusted that Chantal was
using the monies for operating expenses without having to be given proof: 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Tr/14.11.19/71/13–17; 103/24–104/5.

Yeo: … Is it correct, Mr Baker, that by this time, 2011, [Chantal] and Mr
Weber were not just working together but they had formed a personal
relationship?

Baker: I have no knowledge of that.

…

Yeo: Mr Baker I suggest to you this was the case of an owner who trusted his
COO and they were on personal terms … You can agree or disagree with that.

Baker: I disagree with it. The fact that we’re here in court today shows you
what trust does.

156 We note Christine and Hartono were not at any time slated as witnesses for
the Defendants and therefore neither testified at the trial nor filed any
affidavits in support of Mr Yeo SC’s assertions above. Weber chose not to give
any evidence at the trial. Mr Yeo SC’s suggestion that Christine, Hartono and
Weber did not ask for any proof of expenses as they blindly trusted Chantal is
accordingly unsupported speculation and we are, in a no case to answer
scenario, entitled, indeed bound, to accept that Baker and the Estate’s
versions are true; they are not so inherently incredible or outside of common
sense. We would also add that, on the facts of this case, we would readily
accept the reasons and explanation put forward by Baker and the Estate as
convincing evidence on this issue.

Chantal’s attempts at an account of the alleged Trust Assets

157 We now examine the evidence and events that occurred from September 2015,
when Chantal was diagnosed with metastatic colon cancer, to her passing on 2
October 2016.

158 We find this evidence to be very important because if the Defendants’ case
were true, when Chantal repeatedly sought an account of the Trust Assets and
Trust Monies from May 2016, we would have expected protestations from Weber
and observations by others, like Wehinger, to Chantal that she was not the
owner of the Ethocyn Rights. Instead the documentary evidence, including
emails and facsimiles written by Weber, were in terms that acknowledged the
obligation to account to Chantal.

159 In Weber’s AEIC (that was not admitted into evidence), he stated that he
knew that Chantal was diagnosed with cancer around May 2016. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Weber’s AEIC at paras 72–74.

On 24 May 2016, Chantal had called for a meeting and emailed Weber, requesting
“paper records/statements” (“the Financial Records”) in relation to a 5%
compensation for services provided by Weber to her or BCS Pharma Corporation
for their meeting in Los Angeles the following weekend: 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

9 AB pp 4301–4302.

… I request the following be accomplished at our LA meeting:

…

4\. Paper records/statements re specifics of our agreed 5% of all revenues BCS
Pharma/BCS Singapore receive each year; which 5% is our agreed compensation
for your services provided me/BCS Pharma each year since our coming together;

160 At the trial, Mr Yeo SC suggested that this email was prepared by Baker in
his attempt to gather information for a legal claim, and that Baker had
“planted in [Chantal’s] mind that there was an agreed 5 per cent of all
revenues”. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Tr/14.11.19/143/23–144/8.

Baker denied the assertion, and Mr Yeo SC did not produce any independent
evidence suggesting otherwise. More importantly, if Weber truly owned the
assets, he could have, and indeed we would have expected him to have, disputed
Chantal’s claim in the email that he was only entitled to a 5% compensation.
Instead, Weber replied that he would be happy to see Chantal and answer all
her questions: 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

9 AB p 4303.

Dear Chantal

Thanks for your long mail. I am very happy to see you and to answer all your
questions. I know how you feel and I have no words about. So for the moment
all the best and looking forward to see you soon.

Warmest

Marcus

[emphasis added in bold italics]

161 On 25 May 2016, Chantal forwarded Weber’s reply to Wehinger. Wehinger
replied on the same day, informing Chantal that he had met with Weber and that
Weber had informed him that he was in “a position to give [her] an overall
picture of the present financial status and its history”. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

9 AB pp 4304–4305.

162 It is apposite at this moment to shed light on Chantal’s relationship with
Wehinger, since Wehinger features prominently in the documentary evidence. The
Estate’s case is that, from Chantal’s perspective, Wehinger had always been
acting as her attorney:

(a) in the email from Chantal to Weber on 24 May 2016 mentioned above, Chantal
told Weber that she “asked [Wehinger] … to now please take this attorney
position”; 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

9 AB pp 4301–4302.

(b) Chantal forwarded Weber’s reply email to Wehinger on 25 May 2016; 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

9 AB p 4304.

(c) Wehinger replied on 25 May 2016, informing Chantal that Weber will give
her an overall picture of the financial status and history;

(d) on 6 June 2016, Chantal wrote to Wehinger, requesting that Wehinger not
reveal to Weber her communications with Wehinger, and told Wehinger “to be
[her] representative and handle all these related transactions and decisions
with [Weber] regarding [her] monies and contracts”; 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

9 AB pp 4322–4324.

and

(e) Chantal and Wehinger had a short call on the morning of 8 June 2016. In an
email on 9 June 2016 from Chantal to Wehinger recording the details of the
call, Chantal stated that Wehinger assured Chantal of his “continued support
for [her] children” and that he was “doing so many legal work things to assure
[her] that [Weber] delivers to [Chantal and her children] what is promised and
owed very soon”. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

9 AB p 4331.

Wehinger replied, telling Chantal that he will “prepare with [Weber] the
papers” and that he was “finishing all the legal documentary work”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

9 AB p 4330.

163 This documentary evidence is consistent with Chantal’s perception of
Wehinger as an attorney who was acting for her. Heika, however, claimed that,
based on her correspondence and meetings with Wehinger, she found that
Wehinger was in fact acting in Weber’s interests instead of Chantal’s. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Heika’s AEIC at para 17.

The Defendants made no mention as to the nature of Chantal’s relationship with
Wehinger. It is not necessary for this Court to determine the exact nature of
Chantal’s relationship with Wehinger (ie, whether he was in fact acting as
Chantal’s lawyer) as it is not an issue raised by the parties. We make only
the observation that Chantal believed that Wehinger was acting on her behalf
and, on the evidence before us, Wehinger never disabused her of her belief.

164 On 30 May 2016, Weber, Wehinger, Chantal and Baker met in Los Angeles to
discuss the handling of the alleged Trust Monies (“the May 2016 Meeting”).
Weber, however, did not bring any Financial Records to this meeting and said
he would provide the Financial Records after Chantal’s surgery in August 2016.
205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Baker’s AEIC at paras 401–404; 9 AB p 4316.

Baker recorded some of the matters discussed at the May 2016 Meeting. Baker
alleged that, during this meeting, Weber admitted that Chantal was the
beneficial owner of the Trust Assets and agreed to transfer the assets back to
Heika and Birka. Baker claimed that Wehinger proposed to carry out the
transfer as a gift. However, the meeting ended without any resolution as to
how the alleged Trust Assets were to be transferred back to Chantal. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

9 AB p 4306.

165 On 2 June 2016, Baker emailed Wehinger to expedite the preparation of the
Financial Records before Chantal’s surgery in August 2016. In this email,
Baker emphasised that he needs the Financial Statements to be “disclosed right
away” and then to “work with [Wehinger] to set up foundations or other
entities to have control over the assets”. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

9 AB p 4316.

On 4 June 2016, Wehinger replied, stating that he “will closely look into the
bank statements and other documents evidencing the total assets” before
getting back to Baker. Crucially, on 4 June 2016, Weber sent Chantal a letter,
stating that he will show Chantal the Financial Statements in Zurich, and that
“every cent will go to [her] or to [her daughters]” (“Weber’s 4 June Letter”):
208

##### Foot Note 208

×

9 AB pp 4317–4319.

I can confirm you only that next year hopfully [sic] I can show you personally
in Zurich all documents and all other statements evidencing all the
operations. I will show that also in advance to Birka and Heika in Zurich, but
to nobody else. The reason seems more than clear.

I confirm also that all the points discussed will be handled in the way as
agreed upon and that every cent will go to you or to your daugthers [sic] …

… I will charge Urs to do all the necessary with your law [firms to] organise
the right structure [for the] new contracts. After that we will of course
transfer all patents and property rights to this new structure.

Trust is my business and I can understand that not all persons are willing to
understand this. Without trust I don't like to go on, also I was sure to be
the best consultant and partner for you and your girls …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

166 Weber’s 4 June Letter to Chantal, on its face, constitutes very strong
evidence that Chantal sought an account of the alleged Trust Assets/Monies as
a beneficial owner. If Weber truly owned the alleged Trust Assets/Monies,
there would be no reason for Weber to account to Chantal “all the statements
regarding her operations”; to acknowledge that every cent would go to her and
her daughters; and to admit that he only wanted to be the “best consultant and
partner” for Chantal and her daughters. Mr Yeo SC suggested at the trial that
Weber merely intended to take care of Heika and Birka financially by setting
up a foundation: 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Tr/14.11.19/186/14–24.

Yeo: I'm suggesting to you, Mr Baker, that when Mr Weber wrote this letter to
Ms Burnison, it was in the context of the foundation that had already been set
up in 2014 and which was being discussed again at the meeting with Ms Burnison
on 30 May 2016. He was making those statements in the context of the
foundation, not of the alleged trust that the estate asserts in these
proceedings. You can agree or disagree.

Baker: I disagree, and I believe the court itself can take a look at it and
read this …

167 Mr Yeo SC’s interpretation of Weber’s 4 June Letter was totally
unpersuasive, to say the least, as the letter itself did not mention any
foundation or Weber’s intention to care for Chantal’s daughter financially out
of his goodwill. On the contrary, we find that the overall tone of the letter
shows that Weber was in fact accounting to Chantal for the alleged Trust
Monies. Weber did not appear at the trial to contend otherwise or indeed try
and explain how else his emails were to be interpreted.

168 It was around this period that Chantal began suspecting that Weber may not
return her the alleged Trust Monies. After receiving Weber’s 4 June Letter,
Chantal emailed Wehinger on 6 June 2016 stating that Weber should not be
telling her how to handle her “monies at BCS”. Chantal also expressed her
frustration at Weber for not having prepared the Financial Statements and
stated that she suspected Weber to have misappropriated her monies. Notably,
Chantal referred to the alleged Trust Monies repeatedly as hers, Weber as a
fiduciary, and “contracted (oral)” assets: 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

9 AB pp 4322–4324.

Dear Urs,

…

I find Marcus arrogant and wrong in his reply, tone and content email to me. .
I don’t feel he should be telling me how and when he will communicate and
handle my monies at BCS … I specifically wrote him a long email, before you
and he came to LA, asking specifically for detailed statements and accountings
…

…

I want you, as I wrote to Marcus before the trip you both made to LA, to be my
representative and handle all these related transactions and decisions with
Marcus regarding my money and contracts … I want all assets, paperwork and
information communicated/transferred to you as my representative before my
August surgery; preferably before July 15th. Marcus’ proposed ‘ next year for
communication and fiduciary owed documents production is not acceptable” …

… This communication of Marcus today validates (as I was not sure before) my
mistrust that he has misappropriated or hidden my money and it is not
available for immediate disclosure and transfer (if I asked).

…

… [Baker] only wants to help us get my money and contracted (oral) assets in a
secure, known place …

…

[emphasis in original in bold, in underlined, and in bold underlined; emphasis
added in bold italics]

169 Subsequently, on 8 June 2016, Chantal and Wehinger had a short telephone
call, the details of which were recorded in Chantal’s follow-up email to
Wehinger on that same night. In that email, Chantal stated that Wehinger
assured her that he was doing the “legal work” to ensure that “[Weber]
delivers to [Chantal and her children] what is promised and owed very soon”.
Chantal also told Wehinger in that email that the “agreement from the
beginning in 1999 was 5% participation to singapore [sic] in gross singapore
[sic] managed funds”. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

9 AB pp 4338–4341.

In Wehinger’s reply to Chantal on 9 June 2016, Wehinger acknowledged that
“[Weber] told [him] that BCS would receive for its overall services a
commission”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

9 AB p 4338.

Wehinger’s correspondence with Chantal is consistent with Baker’s case that
there was indeed a Trust Agreement between Weber and Chantal. There was no
reason for Wehinger to assure Chantal that Weber would deliver to her “what is
promised” if Weber was the beneficial owner of the alleged Trust Assets. This
email was not challenged during cross-examination and Weber and Wehinger did
not testify at the trial.

170 As Chantal was not physically able to travel to Zurich, she tasked Heika
to meet Wehinger and Weber in Zurich. This occurred on 8 July 2016 (“the July
2016 Meeting”). At the meeting, Weber showed Heika a summary of the monies
that were held by Renslade (HK) (“the July 2016 Summary”). The July 2016
Summary reflected a sum of US$41,823,541.14 as “Net Amount before expenses”.
Heika was also showed another document titled “Situation Cash Flow Renslade”,
which reflected a sum of US$ 33 million as “Net due to Foundation” (“the Cash
Flow Statement”). 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Heika’s AEIC at paras 54–56; 12 AB pp 5649–5650.

Although Weber did not allow Heika to take copies of any documents, Heika
secretly took photographs of the two documents referred to above. Both these
documents were included in the Agreed Bundles before the Court. The Defendants
did not deny that these were the documents they showed Heika in Zurich.

171 Heika attested that during the July 2016 Meeting, she was assured that the
return of Chantal’s assets would be arranged. Heika claimed that Wehinger and
Weber spoke to her about a foundation in Panama called the Amarillis
Foundation (“the Foundation”). Weber proposed to transfer the ownership of the
alleged Trust Assets/Monies from BCS and Renslade (HK) to the Foundation as a
vehicle to return these assets to Chantal. At the meeting, Weber and Wehinger
also showed Heika the Regulations of the Foundation, which they explained was
a “draft of the rules and regulations … that would govern how they would
manage [Chantal’s] assets and monies, and after her passing, for [Heika] and
Birka”. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Heika’s AEIC at paras 48, 49, 53 and 59.

The Regulations are included in the Agreed Bundle before the Court. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

9 AB pp 4377–4379.

172 At the trial, Mr Yeo SC challenged Heika’s case on the basis of the
inconsistency between the Cash Flow Statement and the July 2016 Summary, which
Heika explained was due to the CHF9.5m loan that Weber took from Chantal for
the Ski Lodged investment: 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Tr/15.11.19/176/19–177/1.

Yeo: Mr Weber or Dr Wehinger could not, on the one hand, be telling you that
33 million would be going into the foundation and then telling you, at the
same time, 41 million would be going into the foundation. It must be one or
the other, isn’t it?

Heika: I disagree. The discrepancy, from what I understand, was because of the
loan that Marcus took from my mother for the ski lodge …

173 As we have stated ad nauseam, Weber did not come to the trial to explain
the discrepancy in the figures. Neither did he get into the witness box to
explain why he drew up these documents in the way that he did, the language he
used, nor to explain that he meant something else. In any event, we find that,
in presenting these figures, Weber was accounting to Heika for the alleged
Trust Monies that the Estate should expect to receive.

174 The Defendants’ pleaded case in relation to the events of the May 2016 and
July 2016 Meetings is that they were meetings to discuss the setting up of the
Foundation. This is not inconsistent with Heika’s account in some aspects. The
Defendants, however, alleged that Weber intended to set up the Foundation and
put some profits from the Ethocyn business into the Foundation to support
Heika and Birka financially, and had nothing to do with any trust. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at paras 32A and 34C.

This unsupported pleading was also put to Baker at the trial: 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Tr/14.11.19/147/23–148/3.

Yeo: The discussion or the meeting that took place in May of 2016, which you
attended, was to explain to you the foundation that had already been set up by
Ms Burnison and Mr Weber to look after Ms Burnison’s children, correct?

Baker: Incorrect.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

175 The Defendants’ claim that the Foundation is a charitable fund that Weber
intended to set up for Heika and Birka is contradicted by a subsequent Skype
conversation between Heika and Wehinger (who was also present at the July 2016
Meeting) on 15 September 2015 (with Baker listening in to the conversation
(“the Skype Conversation”). In this conversation, Wehinger explained that the
Foundation was incorporated in 2014 with Renslade (HK)’s shares donated to the
Foundation. This was for the purposes of transferring BCS and Renslade (HK)’s
alleged Trust Assets to the Foundation. The Estate’s claim is that the
Foundation would then hold the alleged Trust Assets (including the alleged
Trust Monies) on trust for Chantal: 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

11 AB pp 5313 and 5316.

URS WEHINGER: … Now, [Weber] holds the shares but the shares are in my
possession in Zurich. They are in a safe and he made the donation to the
foundation. … [T]he donation is signed but it’s not dated. The foundation is
also in my possession … So if your mother should pass away, then we -- we take
the donation declaration, have it dated, and then the -- the foundation
becomes the -- the owner. Now, this is for your security but it doesn’t
resolve the problem that even if your mother passes away, you know, [Weber]
cannot go to the banks and say, “Listen, I’m no longer the beneficial owner”
but beneficial owners are now you and your sister \-- …

…

URS WEHINGER: … So that means if anything happens to [Weber], then I have the
share certificate in -- in my office and we have the foundation in place and
we have the proof that you and your sister are the owners of the Singaporean
company.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

176 In the Skype Conversation, Wehinger also explained to Heika that BCS was
merely an investment vehicle and Weber acted as a fiduciary for Chantal: 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

11 AB pp 5312–5313.

URS WEHINGER: … BCS is a company which is owned by [Weber] but BCS is only the
front company which is in -- in the contractual relationship with Nu Skin and
funds coming into BCS then they -- they paid the -- the bills, et cetera, and
the leftover goes in -- into the Singaporean company. The Singaporean
company’s more or less the investment vehicle and it has bank accounts, et
cetera. And whenever you have bank accounts, you have to give the bank the
name and the -- the datas [sic] of the ultimate beneficial owner. And since
your mother could never act in such a capacity, [Weber] acted as a fiduciary
-- fiduciary beneficial owner.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

177 Pursuant to a Case Management Plan dated 4 September 2018, 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Defendants’ Case Management Plan (Amendment No 1) dated 4 September 2018, Tab
10, p 3.

the Defendants initially listed Wehinger as a witness to attest to the
circumstances under which Weber acquired the Ethocyn Rights and the nature of
the relationship between Weber and Chantal. The transcript of the Skype
Conversation was disclosed on 18 October 2018. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Estate’s Supplementary List of Documents dated 18 October 2018.

It was also around this period that the Defendants decided not to call
Wehinger as a witness. Therefore, Wehinger did not file any AEIC nor was he at
the trial to explain what he meant, if it was otherwise than as it appears in
the transcript. The reasonable inference that we draw from the conversation
between Wehinger and Heika supports Baker’s case that Weber had all along
acted as a fiduciary for Chantal and the May and July 2016 Meetings were for
the purposes of discussing how to return the alleged Trust Assets/Monies back
to Chantal and her daughters, though the Foundation.

178 At the trial, Mr Yeo SC put to Baker and Heika that the amended
regulations of the Foundation stated that Weber would be the first beneficiary
to the Foundation’s assets and revenue, with Heika and Birka only becoming the
second beneficiaries after Weber’s death. Mr Yeo SC submits that this is
consistent with the Defendants’ case that Weber was the true beneficial owner
of the alleged Trust Assets: 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Tr/14.11.19/156/16–21; Tr/15.11.19/171/8–12.

Yeo: … [W]hat this foundation provided was that Mr Weber is the first
beneficiary to all the foundation’s assets and its revenues, and Heika and
Birka would become the second beneficiaries only upon his death. That’s
correct, isn’t it?

Baker: That’s what it says.

…

Yeo: … You would appreciate that you and Birka, under the terms of these
regulations, do not start to receive any benefits until Mr Weber passes away.

Heika: That is not my understanding … and not how it was explained to me at
the July meeting …

179 We give Mr Yeo SC credit for highlighting the amended regulations of the
Foundation and suggesting the implications of such amendments. Even if Heika
was shown the amended regulations at the July 2016 Meeting, she had explained
at the trial that it was Weber who had insisted on being named as the first
beneficiary of the Foundation, as the alleged Trust Assets were presently
under his name, and, if he was not named as the first beneficiary, it would be
difficult for him to represent himself as having title of the assets to the
banks. There was no reason for Heika to suspect otherwise: 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Tr/15.11.19/171/20–172/9.

Yeo: … I'm going to suggest to you that the references to Mr Weber being a
fiduciary beneficial owner were made in the context of the foundation in the
sense that when he passes on, the assets in the foundation would then pass to
you and your sister. You can agree or disagree with that.

Heika: I disagree, your Honour. The way it was explained to me at the meeting
was that Marcus had to be named because the assets were presently in his name,
and the conversation with Urs, the Skype call, also discussed that he was
claiming to be the first beneficial owner, but, in fact, he was not and then
it would be difficult for him to go to the banks and to say such.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

180 Without Weber in the witness box to contest otherwise, the Defendants are
on very thin ice. Heika’s evidence is also consistent with the transcript of
the Skype Conversation where Wehinger told Heika that Weber could not go to
the banks and say that he was no longer the beneficial owners of the assets
(see [175] above).

181 Subsequently, a meeting was held on 12 December 2016 (“the 12 December
2016 Meeting”) between Johnson, Heika, Weber, Wojtek (the lawyer representing
BCS) and Wehinger at Wehinger’s office. Heika testified that this was the
first time that Weber claimed that the alleged Trust Assets and Trust Monies
belonged to him. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Heika’s AEIC at para 102.

Johnson stated in his AEIC that there were discussions at the 12 December 2016
Meeting regarding the transfer of the alleged Trust Assets/Monies from the
Defendants to the Estate via an Irish company, instead of the Foundation, for
the purposes of protecting Weber from potential tax liabilities. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Johnson’s AEIC at paras 22–30.

This was confirmed by Heika in her AEIC. Heika explained in her AEIC that the
Irish company would purchase all the alleged Trust Assets and Trust Monies
from the Defendants. The Irish company was to be structured in a manner where
Heika and Birka would each hold 45% of the shares, while Weber held the
remaining 10%. Heika said that the reason for Weber holding 10% of the shares
was that it would have been strange had Weber not controlled at least a small
portion, given that he had controlled everything up to this stage. This was
also consistent with Weber wishing to increase his commission under the Nu
Skin SDA from 5% to 10%. Heika also claimed that, eventually, Weber’s interest
would be “taken out” after the Irish company has acquired all the alleged
Trust Assets and Trust Monies. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Heika’s AEIC at paras 106–113.

The Defendants’ case is that the 12 December 2016 Meeting was instead a
discussion on Heika’s interest in acquiring the Ethocyn business from BCS (or
Weber) on an arm’s length basis. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Defence (Amendment No. 4) at para 34G.

182 We find the Defendant’s case that Heika wished to acquire the Ethocyn
business from the Defendants to be contrary to the evidence given at the trial
as well as the Skype Conversation. At the trial, Mr Yeo SC pointed out that
Johnson’s notes of the December 2016 Meeting were inconsistent with the
Estate’s case. Mr Yeo SC stated that Johnson recorded that there was one
“valuation of BCSS assets”, 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

9 AB pp 4494–4495.

and put to Johnson that it supports the Defendants’ case that Heika intended
to purchase the Ethocyn assets: 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Tr/16.11.19/71/16–72/4.

Yeo: … [T]he valuation was to derive the purchase price. “ Yes” or “No”?

Johnson: Determine arm’s length value.

Yeo: Thank you. Which was to be used as the purchase price for the purchase,
correct? For the asset acquisition, yes?

Johnson: Yes.

183 The Defendants also submit that Johnson’s testimony at the trial was
riddled with inconsistencies. For example, Johnson initially testified that
Wojtek was acting for Wehinger, but later said he could not recall if that was
the case. Further, when probed about Renslade (HK), Johnson first said he knew
of Renslade (HK) at the 12 December 2016 Meeting, but later changed his answer
to say that he did not know what he knew at that point. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 110–114.

Given the inconsistencies in Johnson’s testimony at the trial, we find him to
be an unreliable witness and we accord lesser weight to his evidence.
Nevertheless, as regards the Defendants’ case that Heika intended to purchase
the Ethocyn Rights and that Johnson’s notes recorded a “valuation”, Johnson
explained that the valuation was only a façade for Weber to avoid potential
tax liability and that Weber would be provided the funds for the transfer of
assets (from BCS and/or Renslade (HK) to the Irish company) through a loan
that was never intended to be repaid: 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Tr/16.11.19/90/21–91/4.

Yeo: … What the parties were discussing was a real asset purchase at which
real money would change hands. You can agree or disagree.

Johnson: I completely disagree. This was all a façade for [Weber’s] benefit.
[Weber] was going to put the money in. He was going to give a note that he
wouldn’t necessarily enforce. This was all for [Weber’s] benefit. Our
objective was simply to get the assets back from [Weber].

[emphasis added in bold italics]

184 Johnson’s explanation in this regard was consistent with the documentary
evidence. What we find is that, first, the Defendants intended to set up the
Foundation for the purpose of transferring the Trust Assets back to the
Estate. The regulations of the Foundation were also amended for Weber to be
the first beneficiary such that he can represent himself as having title of
the assets to the banks. Subsequently, the Defendants considered the use of an
Irish company instead of the Foundation to protect Weber from potential tax
liabilities. Johnson only came in at this stage of the discussion and, as
such, was understandably unfamiliar with the background of the Ethocyn
business. In any event, and as we have repeatedly mentioned, Weber did not
come to trial to explain his version of events as to whether the valuation was
indeed only a façade for him to avoid potential tax liability.

185 More importantly, we find the Skype Conversation to be consistent with the
Estate’s case. In the Skype Conversation, Wehinger confirmed that the
Defendants proposed the incorporation of a new company in Ireland to hold the
alleged Trust Assets for Heika and Birka. In the Skype Conversation, Wehinger
mentioned that Heika and Birka will become the “beneficial owners”: 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

11 AB pp 5314–5315 and 5323.

URS WEHINGER: …Now, one proposal was the -- the forming -- the formation of a
company in Dublin, nows [sic] -- in -- in – in Ireland. And then he would
become a first subscriber and you and your sister would become the -- the
other subscriber … And then we would actually transfer the funds into the --
in \-- into the Dublin company…. But the idea is really that sooner or later,
you and your sister will -- will become the -- the beneficial owners.

…

HEIKA BURNISON: … I mean, is that the idea? Essentially? That everything
that’s in Singapore now would go to Ireland?

URS WEHINGER: Which go -- would be shifted to Ireland, yes. But the way how it
is -- it can be done is still an open issue.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

186 Baker claimed that, following the December 2016 Meeting, Johnson and
Wojtek exchanged correspondence to implement the agreement reached at the
meeting. There was, however, a lack in progress. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Baker’s AEIC at paras 441–447.

On 7 April 2017, Baker informed Johnson that if the Nu Skin SDA and US$6m were
not transferred to the Estate, he will commence necessary legal actions. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

10 AB pp 4825–4828.

This was not done. On 20 November 2017, Baker commenced the Suit.

Summary and answers to some of the Agreed Issues

187 In summary, we find that Baker has established, at least, on a prima facie
basis (and on some of its constituent aspects, more than a prima facie case)
the existence of an oral Trust Agreement between Chantal and Weber on the
terms as set out at [22] above. The evidence throughout each stage of the
development of the Ethocyn business, to the date of Chantal’s death and
beyond, points to the same conclusion that Chantal had always been the
beneficial owner of the Ethocyn Rights, the Trust Monies and the Trust Assets.
Weber had always been working for Chantal and was obliged to account to
Chantal in relation to the Trust Monies and Trust Assets. We also find that
many of the agreements and corporate structures were structured in a specific
manner to maintain opacity of beneficial ownership and to avoid tax
liabilities.

188 Having considered the evidence and our findings made above, our answers to
the Agreed Issues covered so far (see [59] above) are as follows.

(a) We find there was a Trust Agreement between Chantal and Weber as pleaded
in paras 13 and 14 of the Estate’s Statement of Claim. The terms are as set
out in paras 13 and 14 of the Estate’s Statement of Claim and [22] above.

(b) The Trust Agreement was reached sometime between November 1999 and 3 March
2000 between Chantal and Weber and the trust was constituted on or about the
24 May 2000 when the Ethocyn Rights were assigned or transferred from Renslade
(NZ) to Renslade (S).

(c) Yes, Renslade (NZ) held the Ethocyn Rights on trust for Chantal until they
were assigned or transferred to Renslade (S).

(d) Chantal provided the funds, if any, for Renslade (S) to acquire the
Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ); insofar as there were any funds required by
Renslade (S) to acquire the Ethocyn Rights, whether through the assumption of
ongoing obligations and royalty payments or for a nominal $1 or otherwise, it
was provided by Chantal or through the US Corporations managed or owned by
Chantal.

(e) Renslade (NZ) and subsequently Renslade (S) acquired legal ownership of
the Ethocyn Rights and assets by the Royalty Buyout in or around July 2002.
Chantal was always the beneficial owner of the Ethocyn Rights.

…

(k) The retention of 5% of the proceeds (and, subsequently, subject to (m)
below, 10% of the proceeds) by BCS from the sale of the Ethocyn Products
pursuant to the Nu Skin SDA and other similar agreements, if any, was
commission or remuneration for Weber and the 1st and 2nd Defendants under the
Trust Agreement between Chantal and Weber.

(l) BCS and/or Renslade (HK) transferred monies to Chantal, entities
controlled by Chantal, and entities involved in the production or marketing of
Ethocyn products or the protection of the Ethocyn Rights for their expenses or
costs as well as monies for Chantal’s use as she was the beneficial owner of
these Trust Monies.

…

(o) Yes, Chantal, Baker and Heika sought an account of the Trust Monies and
assets pursuant to the Trust Agreement from Weber from May 2016 after Chantal
was diagnosed with metastic colon cancer.

(p) In the July 2016 Meeting, Wehinger and Weber proposed the transfer of the
Trust Assets/Monies from BCS and Renslade (HK) to the Estate through the
Foundation. At this meeting, Weber also showed Heika the July 2016 Summary and
the Cash Flow Statement. In the 12 December 2016 Meeting, the Defendants
proposed the transfer of the Trust Assets/Monies from BCS and Renslade (HK) to
the Estate via an Irish company instead of the Foundation. This was done for
the purpose of protecting Weber from potential tax liabilities. The Irish
company was to be structured in a way where Heika and Birka would each hold
45% of the shares in the Irish company, while Weber would hold the remaining
10%. After the Trust Assets/Monies were transferred, Weber’s interest would be
“taken out”, though the exact mechanics of this were not discussed.

(q) There was an agreement at the 12 December 2016 Meeting for the Defendants
to transfer the Trust Assets and/or Trust Monies to Chantal’s Estate via an
Irish company as set out at (p) above. This was however not done.

189 Although parties have also put forth a list of additional issues which are
not agreed, where relevant, we have dealt with it in our findings of facts.

Weber's 5% Commission

190 We now turn to the pleaded issue as to whether Weber unilaterally
increased the commission due to him as a trustee under the Trust Agreement
from 5% to 10% without Chantal’s knowledge and consent. We find this to be so.
It was initially agreed between the parties that, under the Trust Agreement,
Weber was to hold the Trust Assets on trust for Chantal, save for 5% of such
income or proceeds as commission (see [22] above). From around 2007 to 2017,
Nu Skin made payments under the Nu Skin SDA to BCS and 5% of these payments
were retained as commission. In around 2016, the Defendants started retaining
10% of the monies paid by Nu Skin to BCS. Having found the existence of the
Trust Agreement, we accept the Estate’s case that the payments made by Nu Skin
constitute Trust Monies, 5% of which the Defendants were entitled to retain as
commission. In addition, the documentary evidence shows that Chantal had no
knowledge and did not consent to the Defendants (or Weber) increasing their
commission from 5% to 10% from 2016.

(a) On 24 May 2016, Chantal emailed Weber and requested the Financial Records
in relation to a 5% “agreed compensation” for services provided by Weber to
her (see [159] above). If Chantal knew that Weber had increased the commission
to 10%, she would have represented otherwise.

(b) On 9 June 2016, Chantal emailed Wehinger and informed him that the
“agreement from the beginning in 1999 was 5% participation to singapore [sic]
in gross singapore [sic] managed funds” (see [169] above). Chantal did not
mention that Weber had increased this commission to 10% as she was not aware
of this fact at that time. This email was not challenged during cross-
examination.

(c) There was an amendment agreement between BCS and Renslade (HK) where the
“distribution fee” under cl 7.9 of the BCS-Renslade Distribution Agreement was
increased from 5% to 10% on 2 January 2015 (see [140(a)] above). However, in
the July 2016 Summary, the Defendants described the 5% retention by BCS
Singapore as “Less 5% BCS commission (10% since 2016)”. The July 2016 Summary
reflected the actual sums (and retention of commission) held by Renslade (HK)
and we find that Weber unilaterally increased the commission due to him from
2016.

(d) The Defendants did not adduce any evidence showing that Chantal knew that
the commission was increased from 5% to 10%.

191 We will deal with the consequence of the Defendants (or Weber) increasing
their commission from 5% to 10% unilaterally without Chantal’s knowledge or
consent after we analyse whether the Trust is valid and enforceable under
Singapore or Californian law. We will also deal with the remedies at the
appropriate juncture.

The CHF9.5 million “loan”

192 We now turn to the discrete issue of the CHF9.5 million loan. To
recapitulate the parties’ respective cases:

(a) The Estate alleges that, sometime in or around 2014, Weber asked Chantal
for a loan of CHF6 million so that he could invest in a ski resort. Weber
agreed to pay 3% interest on the loan. Chantal agreed. In or around 2015,
Chantal discovered that Weber had instead taken CHF9.5 million from the Trust
Monies.

(b) The Defendants deny there was any Trust Agreement. Weber purchased the
Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) as his own investment; the Defendants allege
that the CHF9.5 million was part of the proceeds generated by the Nu Skin SDA
and were invested in bonds by Weber, dealing with his own monies, as the
controlling shareholder of Renslade (S), on behalf of the Renslade (S).

193 We have found that the Estate has succeeded in establishing the Trust
Agreement as pleaded and one of the terms was that Weber was entitled to
retain 5% of the income or proceeds generated from the Ethocyn Rights as his
commission or remuneration. We have also found that, from 2016, Weber started
retaining 10% of the income or proceeds without informing Chantal or otherwise
obtaining her consent.

194 We find that the Estate has established its case that Weber asked Chantal
for a 3-year loan of CHF6 million to invest in a ski resort he was interested
in and Weber agreed to pay 3% interest. In an email dated 4 August 2014,
Chantal asked Weber for the balance remaining in the account regarding the Nu
Skin SDA monies received in 2013 and 2014. Chantal also referred to the loan
as follows: 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

8 AB p 3530.

When I was last time in Zurich we discussed $6mm loan to you for possible 3
year “ski resort building development”; … (emphasis in original)

However, in his reply email dated 5 August 2014 to Chantal, Weber stated that
he invested: “Switzerland in total sFR. 9.5 Mio. until 30.6.17.” 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

8 AB pp 3530–3532.

If this was Weber’s own investment, we would have expected Weber to correct
Chantal that it was not a loan. Instead, Mr Yeo SC suggested to Baker that
Weber was referring to an investment that had been made with company funds and
that Weber was corresponding with Chantal in her capacity as COO of BCS and
Renslade (HK). 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Tr/14.11.19/121/1–6; 121/24–122/2.

We rejected Mr Yeo SC’s suggestion and accept Baker’s evidence. The rest of
the email on the accounting for the Nu Skin earnings and expenses clearly show
Chantal corresponding as owner with Weber as Trustee.

195 On 5 August 2014, Chantal replied by email to Weber and said: “Thought
Switzerland was to be USD 6 million and for three years at 3%. Possible reduce
it to this…as my understanding(perhaps I misunderstood) re discussion in
Zurich was $6 million amount and a three year loan time? Have other
investments I wish to do in next months before 2014 year end.” 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

8 AB p 3561.

Weber’s only answer in his email to Chantal was: “No problem we can arrange
all.”

196 Mr Yeo SC’s only construction of this email exchange was to suggest to
Baker that the emails from Chantal sounded very pointed and Baker must have
been involved in instructing Chantal to compose this email in order to help
him set out the basis of the Estate’s current claim. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Tr/14.11.19/117/10–119/16.

Baker strenuously denied this and we accept his evidence, not least of all
because, in 2014, Chantal had yet to be diagnosed with cancer and no disputes
had arisen between Chantal and Weber. Further, Mr Yeo SC’s construction of
this email exchange goes beyond the language used by the parties in this
exchange of emails. In the email, Chantal told Weber that she wished the loan
to be reduced from CHF9 million to CHF6 million because she wanted to make
other investments. There was no suggestion that such investments were on
behalf of BCS or Renslade (HK), and Weber merely responded that he could
arrange it all. This goes against the Defendants’ claim that Weber was in fact
dealing with his own monies. Again, Weber has chosen not to give evidence of
possible background and a possible explanation as to why he sent the emails in
the language that he did. We also note that this was not even something
addressed in his unadmitted AEIC.

197 Some nine months later on 22 May 2015, Chantal had forwarded Weber’s email
dated 5 August 2014 to him. Chantal complained in the subject header of the
email that: “Marcus email to me last August. Took 9.2 mill sFR on June 30,
2014. Repayment is at 3% interest (hope it is per year and not over the three
years!) and plans to repay June 30, 2017. I thought he said $6million. Am not
happy.” 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

8 AB p 3837.

198 Baker’s AEIC 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Baker’s AEIC at para 386.

also refers to the Skype Conversation between Heika and Wehinger on 15
September 2016, where Baker was a silent witness. Heika questioned Wehinger on
the loan and Wehinger confirmed that such a loan had been taken in the form of
a bond and assured Heika that the loans had been documented: 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

11 AB pp 5316–5318.

“HEIKA BURNISON: … But my other question was regarding the money that Marcus
has borrowed for his investment in his --

URS WEHINGER: Yup.

HEIKA BURNISON: -- ski lodge. Is there any paperwork --

URS WEHINGER: Yup.

HEIKA BURNISON: -- on that?

URS WEHINGER: Yah, sure.

HEIKA BURNISON: Does he have it or do you have it or --

URS WEHINGER: We have it in the office and --

HEIKA BURNISON: You have it?

URS WEHINGER: -- they are bonds, printed bonds in -- in -- in paper form and
they become due in -- in a -- in a year -- year and a half. And all --

HEIKA BURNISON: The --

URS WEHINGER: He has also taken money from other people and they all have
received these bonds.

HEIKA BURNISON: Okay. And the other -- the interest for that is at the same
time, right? The \--

URS WEHINGER: It’s an annual interest of 3%, yup.”

[emphasis added in bold italics]

199 On the evidence and our findings above, the answer to the Agreed Issue set
out at [59(n)] is that Weber had asked Chantal for a loan of CHF6 million for
a period of three years, 30 June 2014 to 30 June 2017, with interest at 3% per
annum. Chantal had acceded to Weber’s request. However, Weber, without
Chantal’s knowledge or consent, took more than the agreed amount, viz, CHF9.5
million from the profits made under the Nu Skin SDA, and has not repaid that
loan or, it appears, subject to any rendering of accounts, any interest, to
date.

The governing law of the Trust Agreement

200 We now turn to the law applicable to determine the validity of the Trust
Agreement between Chantal and Weber. The law of the forum supplies the choice
of law rules to determine the substantive law to apply to resolve the dispute
between the parties (Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore Volume 6(2) (LexisNexis,
2016) (“Halsbury’s”) at para 75.273), and so Singapore’s choice of law rules
determine whether Singapore law or California law applies. The first step in
the choice of law analysis is characterisation, also known as classification
(Halsbury’s at 75.252). This involves characterisation of the legal issue, as
the applicable choice of law rules are determined by the issue in the case
(Halsbury’s at 75.253).

Legal nature of the Trust Agreement

201 The Estate’s pleaded case on the Trust Agreement and our findings have
already been set out above. We have found that the Estate has made out its
case of an express oral trust, and we now apply the choice of law rules that
apply to trusts to ascertain the governing law.

202 We make it clear that this finding of a valid trust is a tentative
conclusion. Knowing whether, under the Trust Agreement, Chantal had the
intention of setting up a trust and whether this trust is valid are issues to
be resolved under the applicable law, once identified. We address those issues
at [215] to [226] below.

The governing law

203 In Trisuryo Garuda Nusa Pte Ltd v SKP Pradiksi (North) Sdn Bhd and another
and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 814 (“Trisuryo”) at [41], the Court of Appeal
held that the proper law of an express trust is the law chosen by the trustee
or, in the absence of such choice, the system of law to which the trust has
the closest connection. Since the Court of Appeal also held that the general
rules established for determining the choice of law in relation to contracts
are applicable in determining the governing law of the trust (at [41]), we
turn to the established approach to determine the governing law of a contract
set out in Rappo, Tania v Accent Delight International Ltd and another and
another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 265 (“Rappo Tania”) at [80], citing Pacific
Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491
(“Pacific Recreation”) at [82]. First, the court will examine the contract
itself to determine whether it states expressly what the governing law is. In
the absence of an express statement, the court considers whether the intention
of the parties as to the governing law can be inferred from the circumstances.
If that cannot be done, the court then identifies the system of law with which
the contract has its closest and most real connection: in essence, this is an
objective analysis undertaken from the perspective of a reasonable person in
the position of the parties at the time of the contract. The court may bypass
the second stage and move to the third stage where neither party addressed
their mind to the question of which law is to govern (Pacific Recreation at
[47]). We therefore assess the governing law of the Trust Agreement between
the parties according to the three stages.

204 At the first stage, we find there was no express choice of law provision
as Chantal and Weber did not agree upon or stipulate the governing law. At the
second stage, as to whether there was an implied choice of law, the search is
for a real and not merely hypothetical common intention of the contracting
parties, but as objectively ascertained from the terms of the contract and the
surrounding circumstances (Trisuryo at [42]). The mere fact that there was no
written agreement, but only an oral one, is not a bar to a finding that there
was an implied choice of law. Where one party seeks to rely on the parties’
course of dealing for the purpose of determining the governing law of the
relationship, the relevant course of dealing is that at the outset of the
dealings (Rappo Tania at [80]).

205 The Court of Appeal in Trisuryo found that there could be an implied
choice of law in an oral agreement, and we find the facts there to be highly
relevant to the present case. In Trisuryo, the parties reached an oral
agreement (although the nature and terms of which were heavily contested), and
the parties incorporated a Singapore company on 12 November 2012 as a special
purpose vehicle for their transaction (at [19]). The dispute was whether a
trust had been created over the shares in that Singapore company. After
examining all the relevant facts and circumstances, the Court of Appeal held
that there was an implied choice of Singapore law (at [43]). The Court of
Appeal made two remarks:

(a) First, it was not uncommon for a company to be incorporated as a special
purpose vehicle. In Trisuryo, the parties did so for the sole purpose of
holding shares in another company and not to have any business activity beyond
that. This was a common occurrence in the complex commercial environment
existing today, frequently because of tax reasons or other perceived
advantages for being incorporated in a particular jurisdiction, and the fact
that the sole objective of the parties in incorporating the company was for it
to hold certain assets would not in itself provide a sufficiently strong basis
to assume that the governing law of those assets is also the law applicable to
the ownership of shares in the company itself (at [45]).

(b) Secondly, it would be anomalous to ignore the structure that the parties
chose to govern their arrangements by focusing on the governing law of the
underlying assets. The parties chose to incorporate a separate entity and made
a deliberate decision that Singapore should be the jurisdiction in which the
company would be constituted (at [46]).

206 Where a trustee is a corporate vehicle specially incorporated for a
particular purpose, it may be inferred that the law of the place of
incorporation was intended as the governing law for the trust (Halsbury’s at
para 75.332). Just as in Trisuryo, where the Court of Appeal considered that
the parties’ choice of corporate structure to effect their agreement was a key
feature, similarly, in the present case, Chantal initially chose a New Zealand
incorporated company, managed by Weir, to buy out the Ethocyn Rights.
Thereafter, she lost faith in Weir and decided to use Weber instead. Chantal
and Weber deliberately chose a Singapore incorporated company to hold the
Ethocyn Rights because they concluded that Singapore had a more favourable tax
regime. Weber incorporated Renslade (S) in May 2000 upon the instructions of
Chantal to hold the Ethocyn Rights. In the very first email from Weber to
Chantal, he refers to the “foundation in S”, which we found to be a reference
to the Singapore-incorporated Renslade (S). Chantal herself referred to the
drafting of distributorship agreements according to Singapore law. It seems
that Chantal and Weber always knew that a Singapore incorporated company would
be used; even though these structures were implemented after the agreement had
been concluded, this does not undermine what would have been the parties’
intentions at the time of the agreement. As in Trisuryo, the later
implementation of the agreed upon plan is evidence of the implied choice. For
that reason, we find that there was an implied choice of Singapore law between
the parties at the outset of their dealings.

207 In the event we are wrong, and this is taken up elsewhere, we turn to the
third stage and consider the question of the system of law with which the
transaction has its closest and most real connection. The aim of this stage is
not to divine any “intent” of the parties but to consider, on balance, which
law has the closest connection with the agreement in question and the
circumstances surrounding the inception of that agreement. It is a pragmatic
exercise acknowledging that parties do not always have a governing law in mind
when they enter into contracts (Pacific Recreation at [48]). Nonetheless, as
acknowledged by the Court of Appeal in Pacific Recreation, whilst it is not
always the case that the parties’ intention on the governing law can be
realistically inferred, the court might find it more productive to move to the
third stage, although the same factors as those in the second stage would have
to be addressed (at [47]). However, the aim is not to divine any “intent” of
the parties but to consider what is the proper weightage to be given to the
factors, on the facts and circumstances of the case at hand, to consider, on
balance, which law has the closest connection with the contract (see [48] and
[49]).

208 The connecting factors pointed to various jurisdictions.

(a) The following factors pointed in favour of Singapore law:

(i) Weber was a Swiss citizen but had become a Singapore permanent resident in
2002; we note that Weber claims he was already carrying out business in
Singapore in 2000 and administered all his business from Singapore. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Weber’s AEIC at para 26.

In so saying, we have not overlooked the fact that, like many businessmen
whose transactions are in multiple jurisdictions, Weber does not always stay
in one place. However, by the same token, the specific selection of a
jurisdiction to incorporate companies for a specific transaction can be of
significance.

(ii) Weber incorporated BCS in Singapore in March 1999.

(iii) Weber incorporated Renslade (S) in Singapore in May 2000 at Chantal’s
direction. Singapore was chosen specifically for tax reasons.

(iv) The Ethocyn Rights were transferred to Renslade (S) in May 2000 and
assigned to BCS in April 2002. BCS entered into the Nu Skin SDA in 2003, and
Nu Skin made direct payments to BCS from 2003 onwards. Monies were paid from
Singapore to other companies (within the structure) for their expenses,
including the manufacture and sale of the Ethocyn Products.

(v) The distributorship agreements between Renslade (S) and BCS, and BCS and
its sub-distributors, were expressly stated to be governed by Singapore law.

(b) The following factors pointed in favour of California or US law:

(i) Chantal was resident in California at all material times. When she
required funds, they were transferred to her Los Angeles bank account.

(ii) As Chantal made the decisions in the management of the Ethocyn Rights
from California – or wherever else she happened to be at that time – that was
also the seat of decision-making.

(iii) The Ethocyn Rights themselves were United States patents (though some
were registered outside the USA). BCS’s sub-distributors, E. Cosmetics LLC and
Nova Derm, had their registered offices in California. Nu Skin, the largest
customer, was a Utah corporation.

209 Not all of the factors listed above should be given the same weight. For
example, whilst the Ethocyn business had strong ties with the US, these are
but links with third parties, and we find that they have little bearing on the
relationship between Chantal and Weber. Moreover, as we have found, Chantal
made a conscious decision to move the Ethocyn Rights offshore. As for the
Distribution Agreements, these were, on Baker’s case, essentially sham
agreements designed to manage tax exposure that involved Weber contracting
with himself. We do not think these factors add much weight in favour of
either California law or Singapore law.

210 Similarly, the place of Weber’s residence is only relevant because he is
the owner and controlling mind of the Singapore companies who were the legal
trustees, and into whose account the monies from the Nu Skin SDA were paid.
Article 7 of the Hague Convention on the Law Applicable to Trusts and on Their
Recognition (“the Hague Convention”) lists the place of residence or business
of the trustee as one factor in the second half of the list of criteria for
identifying the closest connection. As Chantal was herself resident in
California, the parties did not even have the same nationality or domicile.
Their place of residence is therefore less relevant for determining the
applicable law. Chantal’s own residence may have been the seat of decision-
making where the Ethocyn business was concerned, but, given her deliberate
choice for opacity over her beneficial interest in the business, we do not
think much weight should be assigned to this either.

211 We turn to consider the use of the Singapore incorporated trust vehicles,
Renslade (S) and later BCS, which held the Ethocyn Rights. The location of
assets is less significant in cases of movable property (Halsbury’s at para
75.332). The Ethocyn Rights could have been held in companies incorporated
anywhere in the world and, in today’s modern context with the international
nature of business, this could have been done quite easily; they were
transferred from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S). Nevertheless, it is of great
relevance in this case that Chantal and Weber chose a Singapore incorporated
company deliberately, because of the tax regime.

212 According to Mr Yeo SC, the court is only permitted to consider factors in
place at the inception of the Trust Agreement in November 1999, which were
Chantal’s California residency and the business’ links to the United States.
The connecting factors to Singapore law and, in particular, the incorporation
of Renslade (S), only arose after the parties made the Trust Agreement, and so
they should be disregarded.

213 The transfer of property to the trustee is essential to the creation of an
inter vivos trust (Halsbury’s at 110.469). A trust is only properly
constituted at the time when the trust assets vest in the trustee. Though the
Trust Agreement may have occurred in November 2019, it is undisputed that the
trust assets were first held in Renslade (NZ) and only vested in Renslade (S)
after it had been incorporated. The trust could only have been constituted at
the time when the Ethocyn Rights were transferred to Renslade (S). We may
therefore consider the factors that were in existence at that time. To our
mind, the strongest factor in favour of Singapore law is the use of Renslade
(S), a vehicle incorporated for the deliberate purpose of holding the trust
assets. Singapore was the place of administration of the trust chosen by
Chantal as settlor. This factor is identified hierarchically as the first one
on the list of criteria of Article 7 of the Hague Convention. It is very
relevant that Chantal’s unwavering intention was to have the Ethocyn Rights
held by a company outside the United States.

214 We therefore find that there is sufficient evidence that supports an
implied choice of Singapore law and, if we are wrong, Singapore law also has
the strongest connecting factors with the case. The answer to [59(f)] above on
the Agreed List of Issues is that Singapore law is the appropriate governing
law, and we consider the enforceability of the Trust Agreement under Singapore
law. However, for completeness, we will also consider its enforceability under
California law below.

The validity of the trust

Under Singapore law

Whether there was an express trust

215 Notwithstanding our use of the shorthand phrase “Trust Agreement” to refer
to the oral agreement between Chantal and Weber, we must also be satisfied
that the said agreement amounted to a trust.

216 First, we consider whether the oral agreement amounted to an express trust
as pleaded by the plaintiff (at [22] and [23] above). The formation of an
express trust in Singapore law requires three certainties: (a) certainty of
the settlor’s intention, (b) certainty of subject matter, and (c) certainty of
object (Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1097 (“Guy
Neale”) at [51]).

217 Certainty of intention requires proof that a trust was intended by the
settlor. The principle is that in what was said or done by the settlor, there
must be clear evidence of an intention to create a trust. It must be certain
that the settlor intended to create a trust rather than to impose a mere moral
obligation or to make a gift or to do some other act which was not a trust
(Compania De Navegacion Palomar, S.A. and others v Ernest Ferdinand Perez De
La Sala [2017] SGHC 14 at [95], citing Alastair Hudson, Equity and Trusts
(Routledge, 7th Ed, 2013)). Intention may be inferred from the settlor’s words
or conduct, the surrounding circumstances and the interpretation of any
agreements that might have been entered into (Guy Neale at [50]–[53]).

218 It is undisputed that Chantal never used the label of a “trust” in her
communications. While it is unnecessary for the settlor to use the word
“trust” before an intention to create a trust can be found, as Mr Yeo SC
acknowledged, Chantal was familiar with trust structures and would have
understood the implications of the term. Mr Yeo SC submits that the fact that
she did not use the word “trust” therefore suggests that she did not intend a
trust.

219 From our review of the evidence set out above, we have found that, when
the Chantal Companies were facing financial difficulties and entered into
Chapter 11 proceedings, Chantal came up with the plan to purchase the Ethocyn
Rights through an offshore corporation and to move the assets offshore (see
[72] to [79] above). The offshore corporation and associated corporate
structures would enable her to keep her beneficial ownership opaque. It
allowed Chantal to start anew in an offshore location that would also have a
more favourable tax regime. In furtherance of this plan, she instructed Weir
to get her a New Zealand corporation to hold the Ethocyn Rights and structure
a holding and associated companies for different aspects of the Ethocyn
business. That was, in essence, an intention to form a trust because Chantal
intended to split the legal and beneficial interest of the asset. Weir was
Chantal’s professional agent and trustee who would own and control the
offshore corporations and holding companies. The Ethocyn Rights were thus
acquired by Renslade (NZ) from the Chantal Companies with the sanction of the
US Bankruptcy Court on 19 October 1999. Chantal thus had her first trust
arrangement, as she intended, in place.

220 As we found (see [77] above), sometime in November 1999, Chantal lost
confidence in Weir and began exploring other options. She engaged another
lawyer, Noel Conway, 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

2 AB pp 690; 12 AB pp 5734–5736.

and considered other corporate structures. It was at or around this time (her
loss of confidence in Weir) that Weber, through his collaboration with
Wehinger, offered his services. We see from Chantal’s Handwritten Chronology
that she travelled to Hungary in November 1999 to look into laboratory space.
She also referred to the purchase of some laboratory equipment from an exile
in Switzerland and referred to Wehinger: “Dr Wehinger set w/ him.” 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

2 AB p 761.

221 Through her relationship with Weber, Chantal then planned to shift the
location of the trust assets from New Zealand to Singapore, by changing her
“trustee” from Renslade (NZ) to the as-yet-unincorporated Renslade (S). By
Weber’s email of 9 March 2000, he was already apprised of Chantal’s plan and
had begun work on the “foundation in S”, which we found to be Renslade (S)
(see [101] above). We therefore found that sometime in November 1999, an oral
agreement was reached between Chantal and Weber that Chantal would transfer
the ownership of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) to a Singapore
corporation and all income and proceeds from the exploitation of the Ethocyn
Rights would be held on trust for Chantal save that Weber was entitled to
deduct 5% for his commission or remuneration (see [108] above). Work on that
process began immediately ie, changing lawyers, undoing the corporate
structure set up by Weir and setting up the new corporate structure with Weber
and Wehinger. As noted above (see [75] to [78] and [109] to [112]), the
documentary evidence shows Chantal, not Weber, spearheading multiple fronts
during this period. In her correspondence around March to April 2000, she
referred to Renslade (S) as if it was already in existence. In an email dated
10 May 2000 from Chantal to Weber, she referred to drafting and signing the
“asset purchase agreement” of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) to
Renslade (S) and asked, notably, whether it could be backdated to 24 December
1999. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

2 AB p 860.

Renslade (S) was incorporated on 23 May 2000 pursuant to Chantal’s direction
and involvement. Weber seems to have delayed this as we see Chantal sending
chaser emails and facsimiles to Weber for confirmation as to whether this had
been done. The assignment of the Ethocyn Rights is dated 24 May 2000 but the
evidence shows it was backdated from sometime in September 2001 (see [113]
above).

222 Chantal had already formed the necessary intention for a trust even before
the sale of the Ethocyn Rights by the US Bankruptcy Courts. That intention was
initially directed at the trust in Renslade (NZ) with Shane Weir, but after
the assets had been transferred, she changed her mind. Her intention to create
a trust remained but she decided to rely on Weber instead of Weir, based on
the oral agreement that they reached sometime in November 1999. From the time
the agreement was reached, there were many matters to sort out, many
arrangements to be made for the business going forward, and some of the legal
paperwork fell behind. The incorporation of Renslade (S) was delayed because
of Weber’s delays. We therefore find that the trust in Renslade (S) was
properly constituted from 24 May 2000, the date specifically chosen by the
parties for the transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade
(S). This was the day after the incorporation of Renslade (S), which had been
incorporated specifically for holding the Ethocyn Rights.

223 We therefore find that this arrangement was a trust where a company, owned
and controlled by Weber, would hold the Ethocyn Rights on trust for Chantal;
the income or proceeds generated by the Ethocyn Rights were to be held on
trust for Chantal, save that Weber was entitled to 5% of the proceeds as his
commission or remuneration. The Trustees were Renslade (S), who were
subsequently replaced with BCS, and with Renslade (HK) holding some proceeds
on trust after 2007 as well, and Weber also is a trustee by virtue of his
ownership and control of these companies.

224 As we have found above (see [72] to [74] and [132] above), Chantal had her
reasons for keeping her beneficial ownership of the Ethocyn Rights opaque, and
this also included her plan to have reduced exposure to taxes. Consequently,
she wanted to avoid setting up a formal trust with all its formalities and
rigidity. At the same time, there is no dispute that she intended to split the
legal and beneficial title of the assets. That is supported by the evidence,
which shows that she retained ownership and decision-making power over the
assets even though legal ownership was held in Weber’s companies. We find that
there is sufficient evidence of Chantal’s certain intention to create a trust;
whether that is an illegal trust will be dealt with below.

225 As for the two other requisite certainties of subject matter and of
beneficiaries, it is relatively uncontroversial in this case that the subject
matter would be the Ethocyn Rights and the proceeds and profits they
generated. The intended beneficiary at the time of the Trust Agreement would
have been Chantal herself and, given her demise, her Estate.

226 We therefore find that the Trust Agreement led to the formation of a valid
express trust.

Whether there was a resulting trust

227 Alternatively, Baker pleaded that a resulting trust was created over the
Ethocyn Rights in favour of Chantal as the sole beneficiary (at [24] above)
through Chantal’s provision of the funds to acquire the Ethocyn Rights and in
the Royalty Buyout.

228 A resulting trust is characterised by an absence of intention to part with
the beneficial interest in favour of the person taking title to the property
(Halsbury’s at 110.546). Resulting trusts are imposed by law and arise in two
main ways: (a) the transfer of property from one person to another for no
consideration, and (b) the failure of an express trust to exhaust the entire
beneficial interest (Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2
SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”) at [34]). The first category is also known as a
“presumed resulting trust”, as there is a presumption that the payor did not
intend to make a gift to the payee. The beneficial interest remains with the
payor. In Lau Siew Kim, the leading case on resulting trusts in Singapore, the
Court of Appeal highlighted the difference between the presumption of
resulting trust and the resulting trust itself (at [35]). The presumption is
an inference of fact drawn from the existence of other facts, whereas the
resulting trust is the equitable response to those facts, proved or presumed.
The facts that give rise to a resulting trust are a transfer of property to
another in circumstances in which the provider does not intend to benefit the
recipient; the facts that give rise to the presumption of resulting trust are
a transfer of property to another for which the recipient does not provide the
whole of the consideration.

229 Weber claims he provided consideration for the Ethocyn Rights or, more
accurately, Mr Yeo SC points to documents that there was consideration, as
Weber did not give any evidence. We have already found that Chantal provided
the funds for the Ethocyn Rights and the Royalty Buyout (at [79] to [92] and
[132] to [134] above), which form the core of the Trust Assets. The Ethocyn
Rights were also transferred from Renslade (NZ) to Renslade (S) for, in
effect, no consideration (at [116] to [120] above). Even without relying on
what we found to be Chantal’s intention to create an express trust (see [217]
to [224] above), the facts would give rise to the presumption of a resulting
trust. Though the presumption of a resulting trust may be rebutted by clear
evidence of the payor’s intention to make a gift to the recipient (Tay Yok
Swee v United Overseas Bank Ltd and others [1994] 2 SLR(R) 36 at [17]), there
is no indication that Chantal intended to make a gift to Weber; she met him
less than a year before Renslade (S) was incorporated. As set out above, Weber
appeared to be an accountant for Chantal, particularly in the early years (at
[99] and [105] above).

230 We therefore find that a resulting trust will also arise on the facts, and
we address the implications of this below.

Under California law

231 For completeness, we also consider the parties’ cases on the formation of
a trust under California law. The parties agreed for California law to be
proved by way of submissions rather than expert evidence (see [64] above).
Baker was represented by Ms Rachel J. Harris and Mr Jeffrey A. Krieger, and
the Defendants were represented by Ms Manya Devanatan and Mr Howard M.
Ehrenberg.

232 California trust law largely mirrors Singapore law. The existence of an
oral trust is established when there is clear and convincing evidence that:
(i) the settlor intended to create a trust; (ii) there is trust property;
(iii) the purpose of the trust is valid; and (iv) there is an identified
beneficiary: see Cal. Prob. Code. §§ 15201–15203, 15205, 15207.

233 The “clear and convincing” standard may be satisfied in several ways
(Fahrney v. Wilson, 4 Cal. Rptr. 670, 673 (Cal. Ct. App. 1960)):

It is often said that the evidence to prove an oral trust of personalty must
be clear and convincing, and especially so in cases where the alleged
declarant is dead at the time of suit. However, the application of this test
is primarily for the trial court, whose determination cannot be attacked on
appeal if there is substantial evidence to support the judgment. The required
proof may be indirect, consisting of acts, conduct and circumstances....

234 The trial court may consider self-serving declarations of a decedent, made
before or after the alleged trust was created, and it may draw inferences
supported by substantial evidence: see Hansen v. Bear Film Co., 28 Cal. 2d
154, 173–175 (Cal. Sup. Ct., 1946).

235 Two of the four oral trust requirements cannot be seriously contested. The
trust property is the Ethocyn Rights and related assets; and Chantal was the
beneficiary. The real issues are whether Chantal intended to create a trust
and whether the trust is invalid under Cal. Prob. Code § 15203 because it was
"created for [a] purpose that is…illegal or against public policy".

Whether Chantal intended to create a trust

236 The evidence discussed in the analysis of Singapore law leads to the same
conclusion under California law – Chantal intended to create a trust. She
devoted most of her adult life to the creation and exploitation of Ethocyn.
She invented the compound (with one other person) in the early 1980s; obtained
patents for its use in skin care products; and licensed the Ethocyn Rights to
companies she controlled. In 1999, when the Chantal Companies were in
bankruptcy, Chantal provided the funds for Renslade (NZ) to acquire the
Ethocyn Rights from the Bankruptcy Court. A few years later, she settled the
class action securities fraud lawsuit with her own funds. Thereafter, at her
direction, the Ethocyn Rights were transferred several times, until they came
to be held by BCS Singapore.

237 From 2002, until her death in 2016, Chantal ran the Ethocyn business
successfully. She arranged for and supervised the manufacture of Ethocyn, and
she negotiated licensing agreements with distributors. She relied on Weber to
structure the business entities, manage accounts, and reap the profits. He
received a 5% commission for those services.

238 There is no contemporaneous reference to the creation of an oral trust in
any of the many emails, notes or other documents in evidence. Even in later
communications, there is no written evidence from Chantal stating that Weber
was holding her assets in trust. But the parties’ conduct over more than 15
years clearly evidences a trust relationship. Chantal ran the business as her
own and Weber took her directions without question. She regularly instructed
that funds be transferred to her accounts, often asking that the transfer be
made within 24 hours. At one point, the parties discussed how to book those
transfers and they decided to call them operating expenses. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

4 AB pp 1792–1794.

Chantal demanded, and received without question, reports of the payments made
by distributors. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

5 AB pp 2422–2423; 8 AB pp 3530–3532.

Once, when Weber told her he was short on funds, Chantal responded by asking
how that was possible in light of the company’s income stream. As noted above
(see [147(b)] above), Weber essentially apologized for raising the issue. He
told Chantal not to worry about it, and said that he had used available funds
to make investments. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

5 AB pp 2653–55, 2671.

239 In 2016, after she had been diagnosed with cancer, Chantal asked Weber to
provide business records and they agreed to meet in Los Angeles to review
them. But Weber brought no records, and Chantal became concerned. She insisted
that the records be provided without delay and noted her disappointment in
Weber’s new attitude. Weber then wrote the 4 June 2016 letter that totally
contradicts his claimed ownership of the Trust Assets, and provides compelling
evidence of the existence of an oral trust (see [165] above). In that letter,
Weber “confirmed” that all the BCS Singapore assets “will go to you or to your
daughters”; that he will transfer all assets to a new structure agreed upon by
Chantal’s attorneys; that “[t]rust is [his] business”; and that, since Chantal
no longer trusts him, he will not continue working with her. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

9 AB pp 4317–4319.

240 In sum, we find clear and convincing evidence that Chantal intended to and
did create a trust and it is recognisable under California law.

The enforceability of the Trust

241 Though we have found that there is an express trust under both Singapore
and California law, the crux of the Defendants’ defence is that, even on the
Estate’s own case, the Trust is unenforceable by reason of illegality.

The factual bases of the Defendants’ case on illegality

242 To recapitulate, the Defendants’ case on illegality is that Chantal
orchestrated Renslade (NZ)’s purchase of the Ethocyn Rights, provided the
funds to acquire the same and arranged for Weber to acquire the Ethocyn Rights
from Renslade (NZ) and hold the same and any income or proceeds generated from
them on trust for her. However, Chantal made the following false declarations
on 23 September 1999 in support of the Joint Motion in the US Bankruptcy
Proceedings to approve the sale of the Ethocyn Rights to Renslade (NZ): 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

1 AB p 399.

9 … None of the [Chantal Companies’] insiders are owners, officers or
directors of Renslade (NZ) or its affiliates

…

12 … I did not ask Renslade (NZ) to require that the patents be transferred as
part of the [Chantal Companies’] sale of their rights or assets.

243 The Defendants point out that Chantal also exhibited in her declaration a
proposed order authorising and approving the sale of the Ethocyn Rights, where
it was falsely stated that Renslade (NZ) “… has an arm’s length relationship
with [the Chantal Companies], all terms and conditions of the transactions
contemplated by the Sale Motion and the [APA] have been fully disclosed and
[Renslade (NZ)] is purchasing the Assets in good faith.” 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

1 AB p 535.

244 The Defendants submit that what Chantal did, viz, arranging for Renslade
(NZ) to purchase the Ethocyn Rights out of bankruptcy and to have them held on
trust for her benefit, using funds secretly provided by her, would have been
contrary to her declaration under oath to the US Bankruptcy Courts under
Sections 152 and 157 of Title 18 of the United States Code, which provisions
are part of the Federal Criminal Code. The Defendants also aver in the
alternative that the alleged Trust Agreement would be void for illegality, but
do not otherwise particularise or state why this is so.

245 Mr Bull SC tried to argue that the declarations were in fact true because
Chantal was not an “owner, officer or director” of Renslade (NZ) since she was
not the legal owner of Renslade (NZ). We are unable to accept this submission
as it draws an unnecessary fine line when the clear purpose of such a
declaration would be to assure the Bankruptcy Court and the creditors that
Chantal did not have any interest in Renslade (NZ). We found above that the
Estate has made out its case that Chantal was responsible for deciding upon a
New Zealand corporation, Renslade (NZ), to purchase the Ethocyn Rights. We
also found that it was Chantal who funded the purchase of the Ethocyn Rights.
Therefore, the declarations implying that Chantal was not affiliated to
Renslade (NZ) in any way, and that she did not ask Renslade (NZ) to acquire
the Ethocyn Rights, were false.

246 It was on these declarations and the other facts and evidence before the
US Bankruptcy Court, including the submissions of counsel representing the
opposing interests, that the US Bankruptcy Court approved the sale and one of
the bases must have been that Renslade (NZ) had an arm’s length relationship
with the Chantal Companies.

247 The Defendants also rely on the May 2001 Stipulation of Settlement in the
class action suit against her and Chantal Pharmaceuticals (see [14] above). A
clause of the settlement stated that Chantal “hereby represents and warrants…
that as of 1 May 2001, her net worth was less than $350,000.” 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 494; 3 AB p 1078.

According to the Defendants, that is false because, on the plaintiff’s own
case, Chantal was in fact the beneficial owner of Renslade (NZ) and the
Ethocyn Rights. However, the Defendants have not produced any evidence of the
value of Renslade (NZ) or the Ethocyn Rights at that point in time, and we
cannot find that the statement was false without evidence.

248 The Defendants also point to Chantal’s statements at the time of the
Bankruptcy Court’s approval of the Royalty Buyout (see [16] above). 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 495; Defendant’s US Bankruptcy Law
Submissions at paras 95 to 98.

Specifically, they submit that, on the plaintiff’s case, Chantal’s statement
that the Chantal Companies received money from Renslade (NZ) at the closing of
the Sale Agreement was false as Chantal herself had provided the money.
Likewise, Chantal’s statement that the Bankruptcy Court approved a sale of the
assets to Renslade (NZ) as “only bare legal title was transferred” was also
false. We think the Defendants pitch their case too high when they say that
these statements were false as they were in fact true. The money was in fact
paid from Renslade (NZ) to the Chantal Companies and the assets were sold.

249 We therefore find that Chantal’s 1999 declarations in the US Bankruptcy
Proceedings set out at [242] above were false, but her subsequent statements
were not. We move on to consider the effect of the false declarations on the
enforceability of the Trust Agreement under both Singapore law and California
law.

Illegality under Singapore law

250 The locus classicus on the law on illegal agreements in Singapore is the
recent decision of the Court of Appeal in Ochroid Trading Ltd and another v
Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another [2018] 1 SLR 363
(“Ochroid Trading”). The Court of Appeal set out a two-stage test to ascertain
whether or not an agreement may be unenforceable due to illegality (at [64]
and [65]).

251 The first stage of the inquiry is to ascertain whether the contract, as
opposed to merely the conduct, is prohibited either pursuant to a statute or
an established head of common law public policy (at [22] and [64]). If the
contract is prohibited by statute, eg, an unlicensed moneylending contract
falling afoul of the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed), then there can
be no recovery whatsoever pursuant to the illegal contract; the contract is
void and unenforceable. If the contract falls foul of established heads of
common law public policy, then that would also render a contract
unenforceable. Examples of this include contracts prejudicial to the
administration of justice (including contracts to stifle a prosecution and
contracts savouring of maintenance or champerty); contracts to deceive public
authorities; contracts to oust the jurisdiction of the courts; contracts to
commit a crime, tort or fraud; contracts prejudicial to public safety;
contracts prejudicial to the status of marriage (including marriage brokerage
contracts as well as agreements by married persons to marry and agreements
between spouses for future separation); contracts promoting sexual immorality;
contracts that are liable to corrupt public life; and contracts restricting
personal liberty (at [29]).

252 Under the second category of common law illegality, there are a category
of contracts which are not unlawful per se but which are tainted by illegality
in that they nevertheless involve the commission of a legal wrong in their
formation, purpose or manner of performance. The traditional approach was that
the court would not enforce these agreements as they were tainted with
illegality. In Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo [2014] 3 SLR 609 (“Ting Siew
May”) and Ochroid Trading, the Court of Appeal departed from the traditional
approach and held that the enforcement of this category of contracts is
subject to the limiting principle of proportionality (at [39] and [64]). To
determine whether these contracts are enforceable under the principle of
proportionality, the court has to undertake a fact-centric enquiry and
consider different factors, including:

(a) whether allowing the claim would undermine the purpose of the prohibiting
rule;

(b) the nature and gravity of the illegality;

(c) the remoteness or centrality of the illegality to the contract;

(d) the object, intent, and conduct of the parties; and

(e) the consequences of denying the claim.

253 In the case of such contracts, the court will consider the proportionality
of refusing to enforce the contract in deciding whether or not it is
prohibited under the first stage. If the contract is not prohibited, the court
may enforce it.

254 If the contract is prohibited, the court then moves on to the second stage
of the inquiry, which is to ascertain whether, notwithstanding the fact that
there can be no recovery pursuant to the (illegal) contract, there might,
nevertheless, be restitutionary recovery of the benefits conferred thereunder
(as opposed to recovery of full contractual damages) (Ochroid Trading at [42]
and [65]). There are three possible avenues for restitutionary recovery:

(a) Where the parties are not in pari delicto, or equally at fault, the
plaintiff may seek restitutionary recovery (at [43]).

(b) Where the plaintiff is permitted a locus poenitentiae or opportunity for
repentance, the plaintiff may obtain restitutionary recovery of benefits he
has transferred pursuant to an illegal contract (at [44]).

(c) Where the plaintiff has an independent cause of action such that he or she
does not have to rely on the illegal contract in a substantive legal matter,
the parties may be returned to a position they would have been in if they had
never entered into the illegal transaction at all (at [50]). Traditionally,
this involved claims in tort and the law of trusts premised on the plaintiff’s
property or title (at [51]). The Court of Appeal also held that restitutionary
recovery may be available on a claim in unjust enrichment, subject to the
defence of illegality and public policy (at [139]).

255 The Court of Appeal addressed the possibility of an independent cause of
action in unjust enrichment in detail. The ordinary requirements for a claim
in unjust enrichment are necessary, one of which is the existence of an unjust
factor (at [140]). The claim is also subject to the usual defences to unjust
enrichment of illegality and public policy – the issue of illegality therefore
arises again not in the contractual sense, but as a defence (at [143]). The
guiding principle is stultification, and a claim in unjust enrichment will be
precluded where allowing it will undermine the fundamental policy that
rendered the underlying contract void and unenforceable in the first place (at
[145]).

256 The Court of Appeal also considered the application of the principle of
stultification to the other independent causes of action, such as the
traditional claims in tort and trusts (at [161]). It was of the view that
independent causes of action may be similarly disallowed if allowing them
would stultify or undermine the fundamental policy that rendered the agreement
illegal in the first place (at [168]).

257 We now apply these principles to the case before us.

Whether the Trust Agreement is illegal or tainted by illegality

258 The Trust Agreement is not prohibited under any Singapore statute. Nor is
it prohibited under any established heads of common law public policy. We
therefore turn to whether the Trust Agreement is tainted by illegality. A
Singapore court will not enforce a contract “if its object or purpose would
involve doing an act in a foreign and friendly state which would violate the
law of that state” (BCBC Singapore Pte Ltd and another v PT Bayan Resources
TBK and another [2016] 4 SLR 1 at [175]). According to the Defendants, the
object and purpose of the Trust Agreement was to deceive the creditors and the
Bankruptcy Court by keeping Chantal’s assets out of their reach. The
Defendants also argue that the performance of the Trust Agreement was unlawful
because Chantal had made false declarations and continued to conceal her
beneficial interest in the Ethocyn Rights.

259 We find that the object of the Trust Agreement was not unlawful. It is not
unlawful for A to arrange for B to hold intellectual property and attendant
rights on trust for A with B being remunerated from the proceeds generated
from those rights. The Defendants’ argument that the object of the Trust
Agreement was to keep the Trust Assets out of the creditors’ reach is
misconceived. We have already found above there were no other buyers
interested in the Ethocyn Rights despite the efforts of the Creditors’
Committee (see [94] above); we are not surprised, given their nature, the
specialist effort required to be able to exploit them and the need to put in
more capital to do so. If Chantal had not made the false statements, it would,
in all probability, only result in the creditors attempting to obtain a better
price for the Ethocyn Rights. Whether Chantal would have agreed to pay more,
or whether the Creditors’ Committee would have thrown in the towel at some
point, especially given the expiry of the patents in 2004, the lack of
interest from potential bidders and the need to sink in more capital, will be
pure speculation. Chantal’s declarations to the Bankruptcy Court were made in
September 1999 but the Trust Agreement was made sometime in November 1999.
These declarations predate the Trust Agreement, and so they cannot be said to
have formed the object and purpose of the Agreement. The Defendants certainly
do not plead or imply they knew of Chantal’s plans from early 1999 to
September and October 1999. On the contrary, the Defendants distance
themselves from this by pleading the purchase of the Ethocyn Rights from
Renslade (NZ) in or around May 2000 or later. The Defendants then argue that
the object and purpose of the Trust Agreement was to deceive the creditors and
the Bankruptcy Court but, by the time of the Trust Agreement, the deception
had already occurred. It is also misguided to refer to the “performance” of
the Trust Agreement as unlawful because, by the time the Trust Agreement had
been reached, the unlawful acts had already been performed.

260 There was some suggestion that the purpose of the Trust Agreement was to
evade taxes, with the defendants highlighting the consequences of evasion of
US taxes. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Defendants’ California Trust Law Submissions at para 11.

However, this was not pleaded, possibly because Weber himself would be
implicated in any such scheme. We therefore do not consider this part of the
object and purpose of the Trust Agreement.

261 However, we find that the Trust Agreement may not have been unlawful per
se but it was tainted by illegality. Chantal’s false declarations to the
Bankruptcy Court were undoubtedly part of the basis upon which the US
Bankruptcy Court approved the sale of the Ethocyn Rights to Renslade (NZ). At
the time of Chantal’s communications with Weir and the purchase of the Ethocyn
Rights by Renslade (NZ), she clearly intended to hide her interest in the
Ethocyn Rights. The corpus of the Trust was obtained partly through making
false declarations (see [242] above). The Estate cannot “wash” that illegality
through the later Trust Agreement and incorporation of Renslade (S).

262 The Trust Agreement therefore falls under the category of contracts
discussed in Ochroid Trading ([250] supra) to which the principle of
proportionality will be applied (at [39]). The courts examine the relevant
policy considerations underlying the illegality principle so as to produce a
proportionate response to the illegality in each case (Ting Siew May ([252]
supra) at [66]). This is a fact-centric analysis, and the proportionality of
enforcing the Trust Agreement must be considered in light of the factors set
out at [252] above.

263 Upon consideration of the proportionality factors, we find that they point
to the disproportionality of refusing to enforce the Trust Agreement. Without
downplaying the severity of Chantal’s conduct in the Bankruptcy Proceedings,
we do not think that the nature and gravity of the false declarations is so
severe as to weigh against enforcement of the Trust Agreement. There is no
prohibition against a debtor in bankruptcy proceedings buying back its own
assets; the only difference is that the courts will apply a higher level of
scrutiny to ensure that the sale is fair. The question is whether the
bankruptcy sales were fair.

264 We detailed the conduct of the Bankruptcy Proceedings above (see, eg, [10]
above). Crucially, we note that there was an active Creditors’ Committee, and
they hired the Kriegsman Group as an investment banker and other consultants
to market the products to 20 potential buyers. In spite of the best efforts of
the Creditors’ Committee, no other offers were made for the Ethocyn Rights.
Renslade (NZ) remained the best offer. In fact, as we highlighted at [94],
Renslade (NZ) had actually made a higher offer for the Ethocyn Rights first
and had been rejected. That, to us, is clear evidence that Chantal was not
manipulating the Bankruptcy Proceedings for her own benefit. Even when the APA
between the Creditors’ Committee and Renslade (NZ) was presented to the court,
there was an option for other potential buyers or “overbidders” to purchase
these assets at the hearing, and yet there were no overbids (at [11] above).
Though that might seem suspicious, it is easily explained by the unique nature
of the Ethocyn Rights, as highlighted at [93]. There was no ready market for
the Ethocyn Rights as they consisted of intellectual property, and not any
buyer would have been able to exploit them. Chantal, as the inventor, was
possibly one of the few people in the world uniquely able to use these assets.
Aside from a vague claim that full disclosure would have led to “stricter
scrutiny” of the sale, the Defendants have not shown how the disclosure of
Chantal’s interest in Renslade (NZ) would have materially affected the
bankruptcy sale.

265 Another factor in the proportionality analysis is the remoteness of the
illegality; this means that some real or central connection must be
demonstrated by the party relying on the defence of illegality between the
contract concerned and the unlawful intention (Ting Siew May ([252] supra) at
[67]). We find that the false declarations are remote from the Trust
Agreement. A key indication as to whether the illegality is too remote from
the contract lies in whether any overt step in carrying out the unlawful
intention was taken in the contract itself (Ting Siew May at [67]). The
declarations were made in September 1999, before the Trust Agreement had been
reached and Weber was not yet in the picture. There could not have been any
“overt step” in carrying out the unlawful intention as said unlawful act had
been carried out by the time of the Trust Agreement. As stated above, at its
highest, the corpus of the Trust is tainted by illegality as it was obtained
on the basis of false declarations set out at [242]. As noted, those false
declarations were not the only bases upon which the US Bankruptcy Court
approved the sale. Further, this approval was some 20 years prior to these
proceedings. From 2002 to 2015, parties abided by the Trust Agreement in
managing the Trust Assets. We do not think the false declarations had a strong
or central connection to the Trust Agreement.

266 We add that the US Bankruptcy Court approved the APA on 19 October 1999
(see [11] above), the class action suit against Chantal and Chantal
Pharmaceutical was settled in May 2001 (see [14] above) and the Bankruptcy
Court approved the Royalty Buyout in 2002 (see [16] above). Since then, it
appears that no action has been taken in those proceedings and the Bankruptcy
Court orders still stand. Nothing has been done that would impugn those orders
and, even if something can be done, it is not clear which party would have
standing to do so. This court is not the proper forum to nullify the order.
That weighs in our consideration of the remoteness of the alleged illegality.

267 As for the conduct of the parties, Chantal deliberately hid her interests
from the Bankruptcy Court, and her alleged motive of facing death threats, on
the facts and circumstances of this case, should not, as stated above, be
given disproportionate significance. We have also found that Chantal was in
all likelihood also motivated by a desire to exploit own product (see [74]
above). At the same time, we think Weber’s conduct in the performance of the
Trust Agreement is also relevant. Under the Trust Agreement, he was to manage
the assets on behalf of Chantal and yet now he stands to benefit from all her
work over the past two decades. We also find that the consequences of denying
the Estate’s claim weigh in favour of enforcing the Trust Agreement, because
Weber will stand to benefit. Weber is a trustee, acting in flagrant breach of
his duties as such and attempting to misappropriate trust properties.

268 Finally, we address the issue of whether allowing the claim will undermine
the purpose of the prohibiting rule. This relates to the principle established
in Ochroid Trading ([250] supra) of stultification, which applies at the
second stage of the inquiry (we address that principle below at [274]). In the
present case, the rule that was violated is that a party in bankruptcy
proceedings should not make false declarations to the court, and it exists
because the court must have all material information available so that it can
protect the creditors’ interest. Undoubtedly, Chantal’s false declarations
would have fallen afoul of this rule. At the same time, the Defendants have
not shown how the falsity of these declarations made a difference in the
conduct of the Bankruptcy Proceedings. If Chantal is able to lay claim to the
Trust Assets, we do not think it would undermine or make a mockery of the
Bankruptcy Proceedings. That might be the case if she had purchased the assets
at an undervalue, but there is no evidence of that.

269 Applying the principle of proportionality, we find that there is no reason
not to enforce the Trust Agreement, and it is not prohibited under the first
stage of the inquiry.

Whether there is an independent cause of action

270 Even if we are wrong, and the Trust Agreement is prohibited under a common
law head of public policy, we find that the Estate still has an independent
cause of action under Singapore law under a resulting trust, as we found at
[227] to [230] above that a resulting trust is presumed to arise on the facts.

271 The resulting trust is one of the traditional independent causes of action
that have been recognised as allowing the recovery of benefits conferred under
an illegal transaction (Ochroid Trading ([250] supra) at [51]). The leading
case on this is the decision of the UK House of Lords in Tinsley v Milligan
[1994] 1 AC 340 (“Tinsley”), which was discussed by the Court of Appeal in
Ochroid Trading (at [54] to [59]).

272 In Tinsley, the parties purchased a house in which they cohabited as a
couple. The house was conveyed into the name of the plaintiff, but both
parties had provided money for the purchase. The aim was to allow the
defendant to claim social security benefits from the state, which would only
be distributed if she did not own a home. The parties fell out and the
plaintiff moved out. The plaintiff then brought an action for possession to
claim that the house was hers, while the defendant brought a counterclaim for
an order of sale and a declaration that the plaintiff held the property on
trust for both parties in equal shares. The majority of the House of Lords
found in favour of the defendant, holding that illegality did not bar the
defendant’s claim because the presumption of resulting trust allowed the
defendant to establish an equitable interest in the property. The defendant
did not have to rely on the underlying illegal agreement to establish a
proprietary interest in the house.

273 Tinsley has been subject to criticism because of its perceived
arbitrariness. As the Court of Appeal in Ochroid Trading ([250] supra) noted
at [163], it is “subject to the accidents of pleading”; after all, had the
parties in Tinsley been married, the presumption of advancement could have
applied to bar the defendant’s claim and he would then be unable to rely on
the illegal agreement to rebut that presumption. In Ochroid Trading, the Court
of Appeal considered the possibility of departing from Tinsley, but left the
question open for a future case (at [166] to [168]). However, the Court of
Appeal’s criticism of Tinsley was in the context of its discussion of the case
of Nelson v Nelson (1995) 184 CLR 538, a decision of the High Court of
Australia where the plaintiff had to rely on the illegal agreement to rebut
the presumption of advancement (Ochroid Trading at [165]). The facts of that
decision do not arise in the present case. Instead, the present case involves
a classic example of the plaintiff’s entitlement to property based on the
independent cause of action of the presumption of resulting trust. No
“reliance” on the illegal agreement, in the formal or procedural sense or in
the normative or substantive sense (Ochroid Trading at [128] to [130]), is
necessary, because any “reliance” by Weber on the Trust Agreement would
affirm, rather than rebut, the trust, by establishing Chantal’s clear
intention to retain an interest in the Ethocyn Rights. The case falls squarely
within the Tinsley category of cases and, as it has not been overruled, the
Estate can rely on the resulting trust.

274 In Ochroid Trading ([250] supra), the Court of Appeal also considered
whether the principle of stultification applies to independent property claims
in the law of trusts (at [168]). Though it did not reach a conclusive view on
the issue, we nonetheless consider whether the principle of stultification
would operate such that we should disallow the claim in resulting trust. The
principle of stultification precludes allowing a claim if to do so would
undermine the fundamental policy that rendered the underlying contract void
and unenforceable in the first place (Ochroid Trading at [145]). We have set
out our reasons for finding that allowing the claim would not undermine the
fundamental policy that rendered the Trust Agreement illegal in our analysis
on proportionality above (see [263] to [269] above), and we would reach the
same conclusion here. Specifically, in the context of a claim for
restitutionary remedies, we find that allowing the Estate to claim title to
the Trust Assets on the basis of a resulting trust does not undermine the
policy in prohibiting false declarations in bankruptcy proceedings.

275 We therefore find that the Estate would have an independent cause of
action against the Defendants in a resulting trust, as Chantal provided the
funds involved in the purchase of the Ethocyn Rights and the Royalty Buyout,
and the Ethocyn Rights were transferred to Renslade (S) for no consideration.
However, we highlight that, under this independent cause of action, the
parties may only be returned to the position they would have been in had they
never entered into the illegal transaction (Ochroid Trading ([250] supra) at
[50] and [129]).

Conclusion

276 In conclusion, we find that the Trust Agreement is not unenforceable by
reason of illegality under the governing law of the trust, ie, Singapore law.
To answer [59(i)] and [59(j)] of the Agreed List of Issues above, the Trust
Agreement is not illegal, void or unenforceable as being contrary to public
policy, and even if it was, the Defendants nevertheless hold the Trust Assets
and Trust Monies on a resulting trust for the Estate.

Illegality under California law

277 For completeness, we also address the parties’ arguments on whether the
Trust would be invalid by reason of illegality or as against public policy
under California law.

Whether the Trust is enforceable assuming it was created for an invalid
purpose

278 Under California law, a trust may be created for any purpose that is not
illegal or against public policy: see Cal. Prob. Code § 15203. The purpose of
the trust was to allow Chantal to continue to conduct her business without
revealing that she was the beneficial owner of the Trust Assets. As a general
matter, a trust established to maintain confidentiality is perfectly valid
under California law: see Cal. Prob. Code § 15203. The death threats may have
been the motive behind Chantal’s desire for confidentiality, but they do not
justify her actions and we have already found that the statements to the
Bankruptcy Court were false. The Creditors' Committee accepted Renslade (NZ)’s
proposal and the Bankruptcy Court approved the sale on the belief that Chantal
had no relationship to Renslade (NZ).

279 A trust created for the purpose of defrauding creditors is illegal under
California law: see Goodrich v. Briones (In re Schwarzkopf), 626 F.3d. 1032,
1037 (9th Cir. 2010). But, the analysis does not end there. Even if the
express trust is set up for an illegal purpose, the court may impose a
resulting trust to do justice to the case. The Defendants contend that
Chantal’s false declarations to the U.S. Bankruptcy Court were criminal acts
under 18 U.S.C. §§ 152 and 157. They acknowledge that Chantal was never
prosecuted; and that private parties have no standing to pursue a claim based
on those statutes. But they argue that “the court is entitled to take
cognisance of [Chantal’s] criminal conduct”. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 530.

(D’s Closing Submissions at 530). We agree that Chantal’s conduct is one
aspect of the analysis of the enforceability of an illegal trust. Calling it
criminal conduct does not change the analysis. As set out in In re Torrez, 827
F.2d 1299 (“In re Torrez”), 1301 (9th Cir. 1987), California courts look to
four factors in deciding whether to enforce an illegal trust:

[T]he completed nature of the transaction, such that the public can no longer
be protected by invocation of the rule that illegal agreements are not to be
enforced; the absence of serious moral turpitude…; the likelihood that… the
party asserting the illegality [will] be unjustly enriched at the expense of
the other party; and disproportionality of forfeiture as weighed against the
nature of the illegality.

280 The facts of In re Torrez were uncontroversial. A couple purchased 120
acres of land but registered the title of the land in the names of their son
and daughter-in-law. The purpose of this arrangement was to exceed the son and
daughter-in-law’s maximum allotment of federally subsidised irrigation water.
When the son and daughter-in-law were in a precarious financial position, the
parents directed that the property be conveyed to their daughter as trustee,
and this was done so for no consideration. The son and daughter-in-law
subsequently became bankrupt, and had to sell the property. They sought an
order to reconvey the property to them, while the parents opposed it on the
grounds that an express oral trust existed or, alternatively, that the land
was held in a resulting trust in their favour. The son and daughter-in-law
argued that any trust would be void because the purpose of the trust was
illegal, ie, to avoid federal law governing allotment of irrigation water.

281 The 9th Circuit applied all four factors to determine whether the defence
of illegality applied. It found that the contract had been completed, and was
not executory, and so an invocation of the rule against illegality would
benefit the public only by way of example. The conduct of the parents did not
involve serious moral turpitude; the only penalty for their conduct would have
been the loss of eligibility for irrigation water. What the 9th Circuit found
“most compelling” was the likelihood that the children would be enriched at
the expense of their parents; they would benefit from the sale of property
upon which they had never paid a cent, nor worked, nor otherwise expended any
effort, and this would amount to unjust enrichment. As for disproportionality,
the land would be forfeited when the original penalty was mere disentitlement
to federally subsidised water. The 9th Circuit therefore concluded that the
factors weighed in favour of imposing a resulting trust, and the son and
daughter-in-law were precluded from relying on illegality as a defence.

282 Similarly, applying In re Torrez to the present case, all four factors
favour enforcement of the Trust. The bankruptcy proceedings were concluded 20
years ago. Chantal's conduct did not involve serious moral turpitude. She did
not use the trust to hide assets, and she did not attempt to purchase the
Trust Assets until after the Creditors' Committee, with professional
assistance, was unable to find another buyer. Though she may have hoped to
purchase the Trust Assets at a low price, there is no real evidence that, had
she disclosed her interest in Renslade (NZ), the price would have been higher
– there was no other buyer of the Ethocyn Rights. If Weber were allowed to
keep the Trust Assets, he would be unjustly enriched, perhaps by as much as
$41 million, and that result would be greatly disproportionate to the mere
fact of Chantal’s false declarations in the bankruptcy proceedings. We
therefore find that, even if Chantal’s purpose of creating the trust was
illegal, under California law, Baker would prevail on his claim that the Trust
is an enforceable resulting trust.

Whether the Trust violates public policy

283 The Defendants maintain that, because Chantal's false statements to the
Bankruptcy Court constituted a fraud on the court, public policy prohibits
enforcement of the Trust. They rely on In re Roussos 541 B.R. 721 (“In re
Roussos”) (Bankr. C. D. Cal. 2015), where the Bankruptcy Court denied a motion
to dismiss a claim to set aside a sale order, holding that, "[t]he fraud
alleged here was so serious as to prevent the judicial machinery from
performing “in the usual manner its impartial task of adjudging cases….”" (In
re Roussos at 725). The fraud allegations in In re Roussos, however, were far
more serious than the facts of this case.

284 In the early 1980s, August Michaelides (“August”) and two Roussos brothers
agreed to buy two apartment buildings, with August owning one third of one
property and ten percent of the other property. Ten years later, after August
died, his wife, Lula Michaelides (“Michaelides”), learned that the Roussos
brothers had failed to include August on the deeds to the properties. She sued
to quiet title and obtained a judgment quieting title and awarding her $1.1
million in damages and fees.

285 The Roussos brothers then conspired to extinguish Michaelides' interest in
the properties. They set up two corporations, filed individual chapter 11
bankruptcy petitions, and then filed a motion to sell the properties to their
corporations. The Roussos brothers falsely declared that they had no interest
in the corporations; that the sale was at arms-length; and that the properties
were over-encumbered. The end result was that Michaelides lost her interest in
the properties and the Roussos brothers and their corporations obtained
bankruptcy protection as discharged debtors and good faith purchasers. The
Bankruptcy Court noted that fraud on the court is a fraud that "defiles the
court itself” (In re Roussos at 729). The facts of In re Roussos fit that
definition because the Roussos brothers basically used the court as an
unwitting participant in a scheme to defraud Michaelides.

286 Chantal's misrepresentations, although worthy of condemnation, did not
rise to the level of a fraud on the court. There was an active Creditors'
Committee that hired independent professionals to seek buyers, without
success. There is no evidence that Chantal hid any assets or otherwise
interfered with the bankruptcy proceedings.

287 The facts here are more like those in Matter of Met-L-Wood Corp (861 F.2d
1012 (7th Cir. 1988) (“Matter of Met-L-Wood Corp”), where the successful
bidder at a foreclosure sale was a shill for the debtor. Met-L-Wood was
indirectly owned by one Frederick Pipin. When it entered financial trouble, it
conducted a public foreclosure sale. The sale was advertised in major
newspapers, and letters were sent to 40 creditors announcing the date, time,
and place. Bids were solicited and received, and there were only two bids –
one by Thomas Smith and one by Gerald Thompson. The creditors preferred
Thompson’s bid, and the sale was approved. Six months later, a trustee was
appointed who concluded that both Smith and Thompson were shills for Pipin; it
emerged that, after the sale, Thompson had sold the only profitable part of
the business back to Pipin.

288 The court noted that all of the unsecured creditors had been notified of
the sale, and there was an active committee of creditors that had participated
actively through counsel in the hearings before the bankruptcy court. There
was no indication that the assets were worth more than what was bid, nor that
the defendants had done anything to impede or discourage the bidding at the
sale. As the creditors who appeared had actively urged the judge to approve
the bid, the court found that a fair inference could be drawn that the bid was
in the best interest of all creditors. If the debtor used his control to
obtain the bankruptcy assets "for a song", it would be a fraud on the
creditors, but not a fraud on the court.

289 Given the similarities between Matter of Met-L-Wood Corp and the present
case, we conclude that the Trust Agreement did not involve illegality or fraud
on the court.

Whether the court would impose a constructive trust

290 We have set out why a court applying California law would find an express
trust or, at the very least, a resulting trust. The Estate also submitted that
the court should impose a statutory constructive trust over the assets arising
out of the Weber’s wrongful act in order to prevent unjust enrichment, as
Weber had promised to hold the assets on an express trust but failed to do so.
258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 418; Plaintiff’s California Trust Law
Submissions at para 32.

They did not pursue this argument with great vigour, and we do not think we
need to say any more about this given our finding that the Trust is valid and
enforceable.

Whether the Trust is an irrevocable self-settled trust

291 The parties also ran arguments on whether or not the Trust was an
irrevocable self-settled trust. Although this was somewhat a peripheral issue,
we address it for completeness as, if the Defendants’ arguments are true, it
may undermine our findings on the enforceability of the Trust.

292 An irrevocable self-settled trust is one that cannot be revoked by the
settlor during his lifetime, and where the same individual is both settlor and
beneficiary. Such a trust is prohibited under California law by reason of
public policy because it places the property of the settlor beyond the reach
of their creditors. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Defendant’s California Trust Law Submissions at paras 42 and 44.

The Defendants submit that the Trust was such an invalid irrevocable self-
settled trust as Chantal was both the settlor and the beneficiary, and given
that she intended to keep her assets out of the reach of her creditors, she
must have intended an irrevocable trust.

293 On the other hand, Baker denies that the Trust was an invalid irrevocable
self-settled trust, as emails exchanged between Chantal and Weber – where
Chantal sought an accounting of the Trust Assets – clearly demonstrate that
Chantal obviously intended that the assets would be returned to her. Baker
also relies on Cal. Prob. Code § 15400, which states that a trust is revocable
unless by its terms it is expressly made irrevocable. Even if it was an
irrevocable trust, pursuant to Cal. Prob. Code § 15304, the court would merely
invalidate the provision that renders the trust irrevocable and not the entire
trust. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 430.

294 Cal. Prob. Code § 15400 states:

Unless a trust is expressly made irrevocable by the trust instrument, the
trust is revocable by the settlor. This section applies only where the settlor
is domiciled in this state when the trust is created, where the trust
instrument is executed in this state, or where the trust instrument provides
that the law of this state governs the trust.

295 It is undisputed that Chantal was domiciled in California at the time the
Trust was created, and the Trust must have been a revocable one. We do not
think the Defendants are correct to suggest that, because Chantal intended to
keep the assets out of the reach of her creditors at the time of the
bankruptcy proceedings, she must have intended an irrevocable trust which
would keep the assets out of her own hands for her lifetime. This supports the
evidence, set out above, that Chantal treated the Trust Assets as her own and
clearly expected them to be returned to her.

296 Our conclusion is fortified by Cal. Prob. Code § 15304, which states:

If the settlor is a beneficiary of a trust created by the settlor and the
settlor’s interest is subject to a provision restraining the voluntary or
involuntary transfer of the settlor’s interest, the restraint is invalid
against transferees or creditors of the settlor. The invalidity of the
restraint on transfer does not affect the validity of the trust.

297 Admittedly, the present case involved an oral trust and not a trust
instrument for an express trust. What Cal. Prob. Code § 15304 reflects is that
the invalidity of the restraint on transfer does not lead to the invalidity of
the entire trust. Instead, the courts will just treat it as a revocable trust.

298 In conclusion, under California law, the Trust created here will be
recognised as a valid trust. To answer [59(g)] and [59(h)] of the Agreed List
of Issues above, the Trust is valid under California law and, if it were not
so, there would still be a valid resulting trust.

Conclusions and Judgment/Remedies

299 Having found the Trust Agreement to be valid and enforceable, we find that
the Defendants have breached their fiduciary duty to Chantal by failing to
provide an account of the Trust and the Trust Monies. In addition, the
Defendants have breached the Trust Agreement by unilaterally increasing the
commission from 5% to 10% from 2016 to 2017 without Chantal’s knowledge and
consent. We also find that Weber breached his fiduciary duty to Chantal by
failing to procure BCS or Renslade (HK) to return the Trust Assets, and
breached his contractual obligation vis-à-vis Chantal to return the CHF9.5
million borrowed from the Trust with 3% annual interest. The Defendants,
having claimed both legal and beneficial ownership over the Trust Assets and
Trust Monies, conspired with the intention of injuring Chantal and/or the
Estate.

300 Consequently, taking into account the remedies sought by the plaintiff at
[33] above, we make the following orders.

(a) We declare that BCS and/or Renslade (HK) hold the Trust Assets and/or
Trust Monies and/or any other income or proceeds generated from the Trust
Assets on trust for the plaintiff.

(b) We order the Defendants to provide a detailed account of all transactions
taken place in respect of the Trust Assets and/or Trust Monies within 14 days
from the date of this judgment. We grant the order for the taking of accounts
of the Trust Assets and/or Trust Monies thereafter and, if necessary, for an
order for the plaintiff to trace and recover the Trust Assets and the Trust
Monies. The Defendants shall pay the plaintiffs all sums due to the plaintiff
on the taking of the account. Parties are at liberty to apply to court for any
orders or directions in relation to the taking of accounts.

(c) The parties are to settle the order of court to reflect our judgment,
failing agreement of the terms, the Court shall settle the same.

(d) We enter judgment in favour of Baker, on behalf of the Estate, against
Weber in the sum of CHF9.5 million plus interest at the rate of 3% per annum
to the plaintiff, calculated from the date of the loan to the date of
judgment; thereafter, for the avoidance of doubt, interest at 5.33% per annum
shall run pursuant to para 77 of the Supreme Court Practice Directions.

(e) The sum of US$10,330,658.91 paid by Renslade (HK) into court pursuant to
the Order of Court No 2 of 2020 dated 11 January 2020 shall be released to the
plaintiff and/or his solicitors.

301 Costs must follow the event. If the costs cannot be agreed between the
parties, parties are to file written submissions on costs, limited to 15
pages, within 14 days from the date of this judgment.

Quentin Loh Carolyn Berger Dominique Hascher  
Judge Judge

Cavinder Bull SC, Woo Shu Yan, Gerald Tay, Regina Lim and Sun Fangda (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Alvin Yeo SC, Monica Chong, Vithiya Rajendra, Nurul Ayu Fajarani and Daryl
Wong (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendants.

**SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE**

29 April 2020

**Case summary**

SIC/S 3/2018

_Michael A. Baker (Executor of the Estate of Chantal Burnison, Deceased) v BCS
Business Consulting Services Pte Ltd and others_ [2020] SGHC(I) 10

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (delivered by
Justice Quentin Loh, Justice Carolyn Berger and Justice Dominique Hascher):**

Outcome:__ SICC declares that the defendants hold the rights to the patents of
Ethocyn (“the Ethocyn Rights”) and the income and proceeds generated from the
Ethocyn Rights on trust for the Estate.

**Background**

1 The plaintiff is the executor of the estate of Chantal Burnison (“Chantal”),
who was based in Los Angeles and passed away on 2 October 2016 in Los Angeles.
Chantal was the co-inventor of a compound called “Ethocyn”, a skin product
said to make the skin look younger and better toned.

2 The rights to the inventions and patents of Ethocyn (“the Ethocyn Rights”)
were assigned to California-incorporated companies that were controlled by
Chantal sometime prior to May 1982 (“the Chantal Companies”). In February
1999, the Chantal Companies entered into bankruptcy proceedings in the United
States (“the Bankruptcy Proceedings”). The companies’ assets, including the
Ethocyn Rights, were acquired by a New Zealand corporation, Renslade Holdings
Limited (“Renslade (NZ)”) with the approval of the US Bankruptcy Court in
October 1999.

3 Subsequently, the Ethocyn Rights were transferred from Renslade NZ to
Renslade Singapore Pte Ltd (“Renslade (S)”) and then, in 2002, to the first
defendant, BCS Business Consulting Services Pte Ltd (“BCS”). Renslade (S) and
BCS are Singapore incorporated companies. The third defendant is a Hong Kong
incorporated company, Renslade Holdings Limited (“Renslade (HK)”). The second
defendant, Marcus Weber (“Weber”), is a Swiss national and a Singapore
permanent resident. Weber controlled Renslade (S), BCS and Renslade (HK) and
therefore indirectly the legal owner of the Ethocyn Rights. Renslade (HK), BCS
and Weber are collectively referred to as “the Defendants”.

4 In June 2003, the Defendants entered into a supply and distribution
agreement with Nu Skin International Inc (“Nu Skin”) whereby BCS agreed to
supply Ethocyn to Nu Skin for its use and distribution. The payments made by
Nu Skin to BCS formed the bulk of the proceeds generated from the Ethocyn
Rights (referred to as the “Trust Monies”). In or around 2007, the bulk of the
Trust Monies were transferred from BCS to Renslade (HK). In or around 2014,
Weber withdrew a sum of CHF9.5 million from the Trust Monies.

**The dispute**

5 According to the plaintiff, Chantal was the beneficial owner of the Ethocyn
Rights. Chantal instructed a lawyer to use Renslade (NZ) to purchase the
Ethocyn Rights on her behalf from the Chantal Companies during the Bankruptcy
Proceedings. In or around November 1999, Chantal wished to relocate her place
of business to Singapore. She entered into an agreement with Weber (“the Trust
Agreement”), for Weber to acquire the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (NZ) and
hold any income or proceeds generated from the Ethocyn Rights on trust for her
(“the Trust Assets”). Under the Trust Agreement, the Defendants are entitled
to retain 5% of the proceeds generated from the Ethocyn Rights.

6 In support of the plaintiff’s case, he alleged that Chantal provided the
funds for the purchase of the Ethocyn Rights from the Chantal Companies,
directed the transfer of the Ethocyn Rights from Renslade (S) to BCS, and
fronted the negotiations with Nu Skin. When she was diagnosed with metastic
colon cancer in September 2015, Chantal, together with her daughter, Heika
Burnison (“Heika”), sought an account of the Trust Monies and the Ethocyn
Rights. Chantal passed away without an account being rendered by Weber. The
plaintiff brought the current suit in the light of the Defendants failure to
account for the same.

7 In contrast, the Defendants denied there was any kind of agreement between
Chantal and Weber. The Defendants’ case was that Chantal wished to sell the
Ethocyn Rights held by Renslade (NZ), Weber saw a good business opportunity
and agreed to purchase the Ethocyn Rights from Chantal for his own benefit
through Renslade (S). Weber had all along been the legal and beneficial owner
of the Ethocyn Rights. Weber denied the existence of the Trust Agreement and
asserted that the Defendants did not hold the Ethocyn Rights and Trust Monies
on trust for Chantal. Chantal worked for Renslade (S) as a consultant and
assisted the Defendants with the exploitation of the Ethocyn Rights. The
defendants also pleaded that on the plaintiff’s own case, the Trust Agreement
was void for illegality as she hid her ownership of Renslade (NZ) from the US
Bankruptcy Court.

8 As regards the CHF9.5 million that Weber withdrew from the Trust Monies, the
plaintiff claimed that Chantal had agreed to loan Weber CHF6 million for a
period of three years with interest at 3% per annum. Weber however, without
Chantal’s knowledge or consent, took CHF 9.5 million from the Trust Monies. In
contrast, the Defendants alleged that the sum of CHF9.5 million belonged to
Weber and he used it to invest in bonds on behalf of Renslade (S).

9 At the trial, at the close of the Plaintiff’s case, the Defendants elected
not to call any evidence and made a submission of no case to answer.

**The court’s decision**

10 As the Defendants elected not to call evidence at the trial, the test was
whether the plaintiff’s evidence at face value established no case in law or
whether the evidence led by the plaintiff was so unsatisfactory or unreliable
that its burden of proof had not been discharged (at [67]–[69]).

11 The Court found that the plaintiff had established, at least, on a _prima
facie_ basis the existence of the Trust Agreement. The evidence throughout
each stage of the development of the Ethocyn business, to the date of
Chantal’s death, pointed to the same conclusion that Chantal had always been
the beneficial owner of the Ethocyn Rights, the Trust Assets and Trust Monies.
Weber had always been working for Chantal as her trustee and was obliged to
account to her in relation to the Trust Monies and Trust Assets (at
[187]–[188]).

12 The Court found that Weber unilaterally increased the commission due to him
as a trustee under the Trust Agreement from 5% to 10% from 2016 to 2017
without Chantal’s knowledge and consent (at [190]).

13 The Court found that Weber had asked Chantal for a loan of CHF6 million for
a period of three years, with interest at 3% per annum. Chantal had acceded to
Weber’s request. Weber however, without Chantal’s knowledge or consent, took
CHF9.5 million from the Trust Monies (at [194]–[199]).

14 The Court held that Singapore law was the proper law that governed the
Trust Agreement as there was an implied choice of Singapore law and it had the
closest connection with the Trust Agreement (at [206] and [211]–[214]).

15 There was a valid express trust under Singapore law as Chantal had the
requisite intention to form a trust from the time that Renslade (NZ) purchased
the assets in the bankruptcy sale (at [219]–[224]). The Trust Agreement was
tainted by illegality because Chantal had made false declarations to the US
Bankruptcy Court to hide her interest in the Ethocyn Rights (at [261]).
Notwithstanding the illegality, the Court found that it was disproportionate
to refuse to enforce the Trust Agreement and there was no reason not to
enforce it (at [263]–[269]). Alternatively, the plaintiff had a valid cause of
action against the defendants on a resulting trust as Weber acquired the
Ethocyn Rights for no consideration (at [229] and [275]).

16 The Court also considered the validity and enforceability of the Trust
Agreement under California law and concluded that it would be recognised as a
valid trust under California law (at [240] and [298]).

17 In conclusion, the Court found that the Defendants had breached their
fiduciary duties to Chantal by failing to provide an account of the Trust
Monies and by unilaterally increasing the commission from 5% to 10% from 2016
to 2017 without Chantal’s knowledge and consent. The Court declared that the
Defendants held the Trust Assets and Trust Monies on trust for the estate and
had to account for the same. The Court also entered judgment against Weber for
the loan of CHF9.5 million together with 3% interest per annum (at
[299]–[300]).

__

_This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
grounds of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of
the Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the
corresponding paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision._

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

