Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 70

Originating Summons No 1412 of 2019

Between

CEQ  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

CER  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

Building and Construction Law \- Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev. Ed) – Setting aside adjudication
determination – Payment claims - Whether a payment claim for works performed
prior to termination of employment amounted to a patent error

Building and Construction Law – Standard form contracts – Singapore Institute
of Architects standard form contracts – Architect’s role - REDAS Design and
Build Conditions of Main Contract – Employer’s Representative’s role – Whether
the Architect’s function in contracts governed by SIA conditions of sale is
analogous to the Employer’s Representative’s role in contracts governed by
REDAS Design and Build Conditions of Main Contract

Building and Construction Law \- Building and Construction Industry Security
of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev. Ed) – Setting aside adjudication
determination – Jurisdiction of adjudicator - Whether adjudicator exceeded his
jurisdiction in considering bond proceeds that were not explicitly stated in
the payment claim.

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CEQ

  

v

  

CER

[2020] SGHC 70

High Court — Originating Summons No 1412 of 2019  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
16 January 2020

6 April 2020

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This was an application to set aside an adjudication determination made
pursuant to the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act
(Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed)(“the Act”). While the factual matrix itself is not
complex, this case presents an interesting opportunity to examine the
propositions set forth in Far East Square Pte Ltd v Yau Lee Construction
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [2019] 2 SLR 189 (“Yau Lee”) and SH Design & Build Pte Ltd
v BD Cranetech Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 133 (“SH Design”). The two main issues
arising from this application centre around these two cases, which
respectively discuss the validity of payment claims once an architect under an
SIA contract is rendered functus officio and the jurisdiction of the
adjudicator to consider bond monies. I dismissed the application. My reasons
are as follows.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff was the owner and developer of a residential flat development
at [address redacted] (“the Project”). The defendant was the main contractor
for the Project between 1 February 2016 and 2 March 2017.

Background to the dispute

3 The defendant was neither the first nor the last contractor to take on the
Project. It took over from a previous contractor pursuant to a novation
agreement dated 1 February 2016. This previous contractor had been engaged by
the plaintiff pursuant to a contract dated 19 May 2015 (“the Contract”) 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Darma Satia Narjadin’s Affidavit dated 11 November 2019 (“DSN 11NOV”) p 7 para
24

, which was novated to the defendant in its entirety. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

DSN 11NOV p 7 para 27

Pursuant to cl 3.2 of the novation agreement, the defendant procured the
issuance of a performance bond for $1,279,150.00 by [ABC] Pte Ltd (the
“performance bond”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

DSN 11NOV pp 424-425 para 106

4 The Contract had four important features which will prove crucial to the
first issue (see [12]). Firstly, the Contract incorporated the REDAS Design
and Build Conditions of Main Contract (3rd Edition, July 2013). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

DSN 11NOV pp 28-29

Secondly, the Contract set out a procedure for payment claims and for payment
certificates to be issued in response. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DSN 11NOV pp115 – 117, clause 22.1; p 118 clause 22.2 and 22.3; p121 clause
24.1; p123 clause 24.3; p 124 clause 24.4.

However, this certification process was not overseen by any independent
certifier. The only certifier was the employer’s representative (“ER”) who, as
the title suggests, was the plaintiff’s agent. Thirdly, the Contract had no
specific procedure which brought the ER’s powers of certification to an end.
Fourthly, cl 30.3.1 of the Contract explicitly provided for payment even after
termination of the main contractor’s employment. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DSN 11NOV p91 clause 30.3.1

5 The defendant’s employment was terminated by the plaintiff on 2 March 2017.
On the same day, the plaintiff called on the performance bond and engaged
another contractor for the Project (“[DEF Contractor]”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DSN 11NOV p408 paras 41 - 43

[DEF Contractor] completed the project around August 2017. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DSN 11NOV p409 para 45

By then, the professional parties involved in the project such as the ER,
quantity surveyor, architect and professional engineers, had concluded their
employment. In fact, they had wrapped up by May 2017. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DSN 11NOV p408 para 44

6 Little was heard from the defendant for almost two years. Then, from 7 March
2019 onwards, the defendant began serving payment claims on a regular, monthly
basis. These claims are detailed below: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DSN 11NOV pp409-410 paras 46 - 58

Payment Claim| Lodgement Date| Sums Claimed (S$)| Adjudication Result (if
applicable)  
---|---|---|---  
20| 7 March 2019| 2,674,773.66| -  
21| 7 April 2019| 2,777,348.22| SOP/AA 172/2019 Dismissed on jurisdictional
grounds  
22| 7 May 2019| 2,777,348.22| -  
23| 3 June 2019| 3,110,061.83| -  
24| 5 July 2019| 3,110,061.83| SOP/AA 246/2019Application withdrawn  
25| 5 August 2019| 3,262,740.23| SOP/AA 318/2019 Awarded, in part, to
Defendant ($1,981,579.50)  
26| 5 September 2019| 3,262,740.23|  
  
7 Payment Claim 25 and the adjudication determination arising from SOP/AA
318/2019 are the subject of the present application.

Issues to be determined

8 Three issues were raised in this application, but only the first two warrant
discussion. The last issue was simply a non-starter. For that issue, the
plaintiff’s contention was that the adjudicator had not given it an
opportunity to explain itself. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) pp 23 – 31 paras 93 – 118

Specifically, the plaintiff took umbrage at (a) the adjudicator’s observation
that [DEF Contractor] was hired on short notice with no competitive tenders 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AWS p26 para 101a

and (b) the adjudicator’s findings that the cost of rectifying defects would
not have been as high as the plaintiff claimed in its adjudication response.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AWS p26 para 106b

Having not had a “fair chance” to address these matters, the plaintiff
submitted that the adjudication was a breach of natural justice and
accordingly, invalid. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AWS p26 paras 102 – 103 and p 31 para 117

9 This was a wild attempt at enlisting the court’s aid in overturning an
unfavourable adjudication determination. The position at law is clear – the
courts will not review the merits of an adjudication determination: Citiwall
Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 797 at [48].
The plaintiff has had ample opportunity to justify the breakdown and cost of
defect rectification in its adjudication response. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DSN 11NOV p 394 paras 258 – 262

In fact, that is precisely what the plaintiff did. The only problem was that
the plaintiff made a serious and ultimately costly assumption in its
submissions – that the adjudicator would accept its valuation of $740,000.00
for the cost of rectification defects without further scrutiny. The associated
assertions that the adjudicator’s methodology had been “entirely wrong” 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AWS p27 para 104

, that the adjudicator had failed to properly evaluate the cost of backcharges
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AWS p27 para 106

and that the adjudicator had made “arithmetical errors” or “baseless
calculations” 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AWS p 27 para 105

were in truth, attacks on the adjudicator’s decision rather than his decision-
making process. These allegations ought to have been taken up in an
adjudication review application under s 18 of the Act. They are not valid
grounds for judicial review of the adjudicator’s decision.

10 There could have been an argument that the adjudicator’s decision was
tainted by extraneous (and therefore irrelevant) considerations such as
concerns about the bona fides of [DEF Contractor]’s contract with the
plaintiff. But I saw nothing necessarily wrong with such an approach.
Naturally, any adjudicator is vigilant about the possibility of fraudulent or
sham contracts. The plaintiff’s complaint was that it did not have a chance to
address the adjudicator’s doubts before these were memorialized in an
adjudication determination. But an adjudicator is not under any obligation to
test his reasoning with the claimants/respondents before him. He is not
obliged to inform the parties of his thoughts during the adjudication
conference and certainly not expected to zealously search for arguments that
would persuade him to adopt a different position. His duties extend to reason
giving, and that was amply done in the present case. The plaintiff’s real
complaint therefore, was with the adjudicator’s reasoning. Again, these went
to the merits of the adjudication determination and were therefore untenable
in an application to set aside an adjudication determination.

11 This left me with the two main issues for this application:

(a) Whether a payment claim for works performed prior to termination of
employment amounted to a patent error. (“The Termination Issue”); and

(b) Whether the adjudicator acted in excess of jurisdiction in considering the
bond proceeds in the adjudication. (“The Bond Issue”).

The parties’ cases and the adjudication determination

The Termination Issue

12 The adjudicator determined, firstly, that the defendant was entitled to be
paid for works done up to the date of termination. In support of this, he
cited s 5 of the Act which expressly provides that “[a]ny person who has
carried out any construction work, or supplied any goods or service, under a
contract is entitled to a [progress payment]”. In the absence of any statutory
or contractual bars, the fact that these payment claims were served two years
after employment termination was inconsequential. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DSN 11NOV p 427 para 114

13 He then considered the Court of Appeal’s decision in Yau Lee. As he
understood it, Yau Lee stood for the proposition that under the SIA Form of
Contract, the power of the architect as an independent certifier comes to an
end upon the issuance of his Final Certificate. Accordingly, any payment claim
made after the issuance of his Final Certificate was invalid since the
certifying authority (the architect) was functus officio. He concluded that
Yau Lee did not apply to the present facts.

14 His reasoning was fourfold. First, the Contract was a REDAS Form of
Contract, not an SIA one. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DSN 11NOV p 428 para 116

Second, there was no provision under the REDAS Form of Contract for the
appointment of any independent certifier (unlike the architect’s appointment
under an SIA Form of Contract). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DSN 11NOV p 428 para 117

Third, there was no express provision under a REDAS Form of Contract that
brings the relevant certifier’s powers of certification to an end. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DSN 11NOV p 430 para 121

Fourth, there was an express clause (cl 30.3.1) in the Contract which entitled
the defendant to be paid even after its employment had been terminated. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DSN 11NOV p 430 para 122

15 To this, the plaintiff submitted in the present proceedings that Yau Lee
was in fact, applicable. It pointed out that the REDAS Form of Contract
envisions a certifier (the ER) certifying payment claims before any payment is
given. The plaintiff claimed that the ER’s certification was a condition
precedent to the contractor’s right to receive payment, a role that could be
likened to the architect’s in an SIA Form of Contract. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AWS p 21 para 84

Though there was no explicit provision bringing the ER’s powers of
certification to an end, the plaintiff claimed that when the ER’s employment
was terminated, his powers of certification naturally came to an end. Any
payment claim after that point would accordingly, be invalid since the
certifying authority was now functus officio.

16 The defendant, in reply, began by addressing the larger issue of whether a
payment claim can be made for works prior to termination. It argued that such
payment claims are certainly valid, and cited two authorities in support of
that proposition. First, parliamentary debates suggested that references to
“contracts” under the Act have always included references to construction
contracts that have been terminated. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (“RWS”) p 9 paras 32- 24

Accordingly, payment claims for works done prior to contract termination have
always been valid. Though there was no explicit statutory language to that
effect, the debates suggested that parliament had always intended that to be
the case. Indeed, this has culminated in the most recent amendments to the Act
which have since made that position explicit in unambiguous statutory
language. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

RWS p 9 paras 31 -32

This, the defendant argued, was the logical and uncontroversial
crystallization of a long-held parliamentary intent. Second, the defendant
pointed to existing case authorities that “speak with one voice in showing
that a contractor who has performed works under a construction contract can
continue to claim for such works even after its employment under the contract
has been terminated […] because the contractor has an accrued statutory
entitlement to payment, which necessarily survives the termination.”: Stargood
Construction Pte Ltd v Shimizu Corp [2019] SGHC 261 at [40] (“Stargood
Construction”).

17 The defendant then addressed the plaintiff’s submissions about Yau Lee’s
applicability to the present matter. The defendant’s arguments were
effectively the same as the adjudicator’s (see [14] above), save for the
additional argument that the issue in the present case was entirely different
from that in Yau Lee. Yau Lee was about payment claims being served after the
architect had issued a final certificate and thereby been made functus
officio; the present matter was about payment claims being served after
termination of the contract of employment. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

RWS p 20 para 69

The Bond Issue

18 The adjudicator determined that he had jurisdiction to take into account
monies received under a call on a performance bond. To do otherwise would
result in the plaintiff being unjustly enriched. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DSN 11NOV p 451 para 194

19 The plaintiff’s contention was that an adjudicator can only consider
matters which were explicitly stated in the payment claim. The performance
bond was not explicitly stated in Payment Claim 26. Instead, the defendant had
simply taken it into account when calculating the amount that it had been paid
to date. Although it is clear from the amounts set out in the payment claim
that the bond proceeds were set off against the payments received by the
defendant, the plaintiff argued that the defendant should have explicitly
stated this fact in its payment claim – that is, the defendant should have
mentioned it was taking the bond monies into account when it was calculating
the amount that it had been paid to date. The plaintiff suggested that this
legal requirement was found in SH Design. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AWS p 21 para [86] – [87]

As such, the adjudicator had no jurisdiction to consider something that was
not explicitly stated in the payment claim.

20 The defendant made no submissions about this legal requirement supposedly
laid down by SH Design and simply contended that the adjudicator was within
his jurisdiction to take the bond monies into account since they were included
(albeit obliquely) in the payment claim. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RWS p 21 para 76 - 77

Issue 1: The Termination Issue

21 The grounds on which an applicant can succeed in setting aside an
adjudication determination are not spelt out in the Act but are instead found
in the common law: Comfort Management Pte Ltd v OGSP Engineering Pte Ltd
[2018] 1 SLR 979 (“Comfort Management”) at [74], citing Hauslab Design & Build
Pte Ltd v Vinod Kumar Ramgopal Didwania [2017] 3 SLR 103 at [53]. The court is
exercising its powers of judicial review over a tribunal established under the
Act. The common thread running through these various grounds is the “breach of
a provision under the Act which is so important that it is the legislative
purpose that an act done in breach of that provision should be invalid”:
Comfort Management at [75]. These are labelled mandatory provisions and
identifying them is where the inquiry naturally begins.

22 Section 17(3) of the Act is one such mandatory provision (see Comfort
Management at [77]). It is also the relevant provision for the Termination
Issue. Where an adjudicator makes an adjudication determination in favour of a
claimant despite patent errors in the payment claim, the court will deem that
the adjudicator had failed to recognise those errors and thereby had failed to
comply with s 17(3) of the Act: Comfort Management at [79]–[84]. The question
therefore, turns to: (a) whether a payment claim for works done prior to
termination is invalid; and (b) whether a payment claim submitted after the
termination of the ER’s employment is invalid.

23 The authorities are unanimous in their support for the proposition that
payment claims made for work done prior to termination of employment are
perfectly valid. As a matter of policy, the statutory entitlement to payment
must survive termination. The Act was designed to protect and facilitate cash
flow in the building and construction industry. Such legislative intent would
be hobbled if employers could simply terminate their contracts and escape
payment obligations under the Act: Tiong Seng Contractors (Pte) Ltd v Chuan
Lim Construction Pte Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 364 at [17]-[18] and Stargood
Construction at [21]. Indeed, a contractor’s cash flow concerns do not end
upon termination of its employment. As Woo Bih Li J observed in Choi Peng Kim
and another v Tan Poh Eng Construction Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 1210 at [38], a
contractor may have multiple concurrent projects and the liquidity injections
from one project may very well go towards satisfying expenses for another.
Termination of one contract does not mean termination of the need for cash
flow altogether. The Act upholds that commercial need and the case law has
accordingly, followed suit.

24 I turn to consider Yau Lee, which stands for two propositions. First,
payment claims under the SIA Form of Contract are invalid if they are
submitted after the final certificate has been issued by the architect: Yau
Lee at [39]. Second, these sort of payment claims constitute a patent error,
and are therefore grounds for an adjudicator’s determination to be set aside
for breach of s 17(3) of the Act: Yau Lee at [71] – [72].

25 In my view, Yau Lee is distinguishable from the present case. Firstly, this
matter involved a REDAS Form of Contract while Yau Lee concerned an SIA Form
of Contract. This distinction is crucial (see below at [28]). Secondly, the
ER’s role in a REDAS Form of Contract is markedly different from the
architect’s role in an SIA Form of Contract. The architect in an SIA Form of
Contract “plays a fundamental role in the entire construction process” Yau Lee
at [32]. He is the administrator of the construction contract (Yau Lee at
[33]) and “plays an integral role in the payment certification process” (Yau
Lee at [34]). Indeed, he is the “quasi-adjudicator of both the contractor’s
right to receive payment for work done as well as the employer’s right to
withhold payment on account of any cross-claim”: Yau Lee at [32] citing Chin
Ivan v HP Construction and Engineering [2015] 3 SLR 124 at [13]. The ER on the
other hand, is neither an independent certifier nor a referee between the
parties in any meaningful sense. He is the employer’s representative and
thereby an agent of the employer. His certifications are not an objective
assessment of works done and monies due. They are instead, mere signals of the
employer’s assent to the payment claim, as submitted by the contractor. This
makes them a categorically different kind of certification from that of the
architect’s in an SIA Form of Contract.

26 Thirdly, there are explicit provisions which mark the end of the
architect’s duties under the contract and render him functus officio. The
issuance of the Final Certificate (as provided for in cl 31(12)(a) of the SIA
Conditions of Contract) brings his certification powers to an end (cl 37(3)(i)
of the SIA Conditions of Contract). There is simply no analogous provision or
series of events that renders the ER functus officio.

27 The plaintiff was of course, keenly aware that the present matter was not
on all fours with Yau Lee. It sought therefore, to apply Yau Lee by analogy.
Taking its case at its highest, Yau Lee could be said to stand for a broader
proposition. Namely, that in any contract where a certificate functions as a
condition precedent to the contractor’s right to receive payment, payment
claims would be invalid if made after the certifier was rendered functus
officio. I could not accept that Yau Lee stood for such a broad proposition.
For one, the Court of Appeal spent a considerable part of its judgment
examining the structure, demands and procedure of the SIA Form of Contract
(see Yau Lee at [32] – [38]). This contextualised and demarcated the scope of
its decision to specifically contracts drafted pursuant to the SIA Form of
Contract.

28 Moreover, such a generous reading of Yau Lee takes an excessively
simplistic view of certificates as “condition precedents to payment”. In the
SIA Form of Contract context, certificates which activate a contractor’s right
to receive payment are more than just tickets for cash. They are the product
of independent assessment and proper evaluation of the works done and monies
owing between the parties. They are instruments of governance in a carefully
constructed standard form which envisions that “all areas of possible
financial controversy, except most cases of breach of contract by the Employer
and all terminations of the Contract by either party” are to be regulated by
the certificates of the Architect.” (Guidance notes on Articles and Conditions
of Building Contract (Singapore Institute of Architects, 3rd Ed, 2011) at p
1). The ER in a REDAS Form of Contract does nothing of this sort. The ER’s
certificates are no more than steps in a payment procedure, and hardly carry
the same weight as a certificate issued by an architect who plays an “integral
role […] in the administration of the SIA Form of Contact”: Yau Lee at [39]
(emphasis added). And so naturally, once the architect becomes functus
officio, the entire administration and payment process in an SIA Form of
Contract must come to an end. The same cannot necessarily be said for an ER
operating under the auspices of the REDAS Form of Contract. To simply argue
that both the architect’s and ER’s certificates were “condition precedents” to
payment and thereby analogous in some manner, is to forget the unique
obligations of each role under its respective contractual scheme.

Issue 2: The Bond Issue

29 The starting point was s 17(3)(c) of the Act:

17.—(3) Subject to subsection (4), in determining an adjudication application,
an adjudicator shall only have regard to the following matters:

(c) the payment claim to which the adjudication application relates, the
adjudication application, and the accompanying documents thereto;

30 As stated earlier, the plaintiff’s complaint was that the payment claim
submitted by the defendant should have explicitly made reference to the bond
monies which were considered when calculating sums that had previously been
paid to the defendant. On a plain reading of the provision, I could not find
any support for that supposed legal requirement. If an item is included in the
payment claim, then the adjudicator shall have regard to it. Here, there was
no dispute between the parties that the bond monies were indeed included in
the computation of the amount due in the payment claim. The question turns to
whether SH Design established such a legal requirement – namely that for an
item to be considered as part of the payment claim, it must always be
explicitly particularized and claimed. In support, the plaintiff quoted SH
Design at [57]:

Finally, the Adjudicator had the jurisdiction to account for the Bond Proceeds
because these were included in the Payment Response, notwithstanding that
these were not stated in the Payment Claim.

[emphasis added]

31 This was a pedantically literal interpretation of the judgment. Tan Siong
Thye J was not introducing a new legal requirement in that paragraph of SH
Design. Paragraph [57] was merely a summary of the three sub-issues concerning
the adjudicator’s jurisdiction. Tan J’s actual findings about an adjudicator’s
obligation to consider bond monies were found in paragraphs [46] to [50]. In
those paragraphs, there was no discussion of how explicitly a claimant had to
state an item in its payment claim for it to be considered by the adjudicator.
The real question there was simply whether “an adjudicator’s jurisdiction is
framed by both the payment claim and payment response” (emphasis in original):
SH Design at [48]. The closest statement that could have supported the
plaintiff’s case was found in paragraph [48]:

[…] given that the applicant had not merely omitted the retention sum claim
from its payment claim but went further to expressly exclude it from its
payment claim[,] [t]his amounted to an unsolicited admissions from the
applicant that the retention sum was not due

[emphasis added]

32 But even this did not bring the plaintiff’s arguments much further. If
something were expressly excluded from a payment response or payment claim,
the adjudicator would naturally be unable to consider it under s 17(3)(c) of
the Act. But it does not follow that there is a corollary requirement to
explicitly describe the component parts of an item in a payment claim,
especially if it had already been explained in the accompanying adjudication
application.

33 Indeed, the provision allows adjudicators to have regard to not just the
adjudication application itself (s 17(3)(c) of the Act, as reproduced above),
but also the “submissions and responses of the parties to the adjudication” (s
17(3)(g) of the Act) and “any other matter that the adjudicator reasonably
considers to be relevant to the adjudication” (s 17(3)(h) of the Act). The
bond monies could easily fall into any of these categories and may therefore
be considered by the adjudicator. The defendant’s adjudication application for
example, clearly made mention of and explained how the “Amount previously paid
by the [plaintiff] to the [defendant]” was derived. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DSN 11NOV page 329 para 179

The plaintiff itself acknowledged this in its own adjudication response. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DSN 11NOV

It therefore does not lie in the mouth of the plaintiff to claim that it
“could only [have] rel[ied] on guesswork” 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AWS p 22 para 89

in figuring out how the sums previously paid were calculated. Both parties
clearly knew that the bond monies had been considered when calculating the
amounts previously paid. The plaintiff was not “deprived […] from addressing
the [defendant’s] claim” 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AWS p 22 para 89

at all. In fact, it made ample rebuttals on that subject in its adjudication
response. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DSN 11NOV pp 396 – 399, paras 282 - 301

Moreover, the bond monies were eminently relevant to the adjudication since,
as the adjudicator rightly pointed out, the failure to account for them posed
a serious risk of unjust enrichment. On that basis, I concluded that the
adjudicator was well within his jurisdiction to consider the bond monies.

Conclusion

34 For the reasons above, I dismissed the appeal and awarded costs to the
defendant.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Ng Hweelon and Tay Ming Xun (Veritas Law Corporation)

for the plaintiff;  
Chong Chi Chuin Christopher and Josh Samuel Tan Wensu (Drew & Napier LLC) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

