Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Singapore international Commercial Court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC(I) 16

Suit Nos 7–9 of 2018

Between

(1)| Hai Jiao 1306 Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in S 7/2018

(2)| Hai Jiao 1207 Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in S 8/2018

(3)| Hai Jiao 1307 Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in S 9/2018

And

| Yaw Chee Siew  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Express terms] — [Best endeavours]

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hai Jiao 1306 Ltd and others

  

v

  

Yaw Chee Siew

[2020] SGHC(I) 16

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 7 of 2018 (Consolidated
with Suit Nos 8 and 9 of 2018)  
Kannan Ramesh J, Patricia Bergin IJ and Sir Henry Bernard Eder IJ  
11–15, 18–21 November 2019, 9–10 January, 11, 14 February, 8 May 2020

13 July 2020 Judgment reserved.

Sir Henry Bernard Eder IJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs are three special purpose vehicles controlled by ICBC
Financial Leasing Co Ltd (“ICBCL”). Each of them is incorporated in the
Marshall Islands. ICBCL is a state-owned company in the People’s Republic of
China (“PRC”), and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Industrial and Commercial
Bank of China (“ICBC”). ICBCL is in the business of ship leasing with strong
roots in the maritime and offshore industry.

2 The defendant, Mr Yaw Chee Siew (the “defendant” or “Mr Yaw”), is an
individual who was at all material times the sole director and Executive
Chairman of Otto Marine Limited (“OML”). OML was a Singapore-incorporated
company originally listed on the main board of the Singapore Stock Exchange
(“SGX”) until its delisting on 6 October 2016. At its heyday, OML controlled a
large fleet of offshore vessels through its group of companies, collectively,
the Otto Marine Group (“OM Group”). Following its delisting and until it
entered liquidation on 5 October 2018, OML was wholly owned by Ocean
International Capital Limited (“Ocean International”), a company incorporated
in the British Virgin Islands which was beneficially owned by the defendant
and of which the defendant was the sole shareholder and director.

3 In 2013 and 2014, ICBCL provided substantial financing to OML in relation to
three super-large anchor handling tugs, ie, the “Go Phoenix”, “Go Pegasus” and
“Go Perseus” (collectively, the “vessels”). The agreed financing was up to the
value of US$255m, of which US$185.5m was paid by ICBCL to OML and the
remaining US$69.5m was in the form of OML’s seller’s credit. In summary, the
financing took the form of what was, in effect, a sale-and-leaseback of each
of the vessels whereby each of the plaintiffs became registered owners of each
of the vessels and then chartered them back to companies in the OM Group under
separate bareboat charterparties. In summary:

(a) The Go Phoenix and the Go Pegasus were both chartered by the second
plaintiff (ie, Hai Jiao 1207 Ltd) and the third plaintiff (ie, Hai Jiao 1307
Ltd) respectively to Otto Fleet Pte Ltd (“Otto Fleet”), a subsidiary of OML
under separate bareboat charterparties both dated 26 July 2013 (respectively
the “Go Phoenix BBC” and the “Go Pegasus BBC”). In addition, a corporate
guarantee was issued by OML in favour of the second plaintiff and third
plaintiff, guaranteeing as primary obligor the due and punctual performance by
Otto Fleet of all its obligations under the two bareboat charterparties,
including its payment of charter hire amongst other things.

(b) The Go Perseus was chartered by the first plaintiff (ie, Hai Jiao 1306
Ltd) to another separate entity within the OM Group, Go Offshore (L) Pte Ltd
(“Go Offshore”) under a separate bareboat charterparty dated 26 December 2014
(the “Go Perseus BBC”). In addition, OML and Go Offshore’s parent company, Go
Marine Group Pty Ltd (“Go Marine”), which was itself a wholly owned subsidiary
of OML, extended a corporate guarantee jointly and severally in favour of the
first plaintiff, guaranteeing as primary obligors the due and punctual
performance by Go Offshore of all its obligations under the Go Perseus BBC.

We refer to the Go Phoenix BBC, Go Pegasus BBC and the Go Perseus BBC
collectively as the “BBCs”; Otto Fleet and Go Offshore collectively as the
“Charterers”; OML and Go Marine collectively as the “Guarantors”; and the
three corporate guarantees extended by OML and/or Go Marine in favour of each
of the plaintiffs, as the case may be, collectively as the “guarantees”.

4 Thereafter, crude oil prices suffered a marked decline, leading to
significant fluctuations in oil prices coupled with an overall deterioration
in upstream capital expenditure of oil and gas projects. This in turn had
knock-on effects, which included depressed demand for offshore vessels,
shipbuilding and subsea services. The utilisation and charter hire rates of
the vessels were also severely impacted by the sharp decline in oil prices.
The result was that financial difficulties hit the Charterers as well as OML
and its related entities.

5 As a result, the defendant was desirous of delisting OML so that it would be
easier for him to personally fund the Charterers and the Guarantors in order
to enable punctual performance of the payment obligations under the BBCs and
the guarantees. However, delisting OML would be a breach of a term in each of
the BBCs and therefore the plaintiffs’ consent was required.

6 Following various meetings and discussions in the course of mid-2016, the
plaintiffs consented to the delisting of OML in consideration of the defendant
agreeing to issue letters of support. These letters of support were drafted by
ICBCL and sent to the defendant for his execution of the same (we subsequently
refer to these letters as the “First Letters of Support”; see [54] below);
they were subsequently amended, and eventually issued to the plaintiffs in
September 2017 after extensive delay and protracted negotiations (in this
amended form, the letters are subsequently referred to as the “Second Letters
of Support”; see [140] below). The three Second Letters of Support were in
identical form, but for the formal parts and provided in relevant parts as
follows:

To: [Hai Jiao 1207 Limited] [Hai Jiao 1306 Limited] [Hai Jiao 1307 Limited]

From: Yaw Chee Siew, the majority shareholder and the Executive Chairman of
Otto Marine Limited

Dear Sirs:

In consideration of your consent to the restructuring and potential delisting
arrangement in relation to Otto Marine Limited (the “Guarantor”) and…… (the
“Charterer”), and forbearance at your sole discretion towards the Charterer
and/or Guarantor, I, Yaw Chee Siew, hereby issue to [Hai Jiao 1207 Limited]
[Hai Jiao 1306 Limited] [Hai Jiao 1307 Limited] (the “Owner”) this Letter of
Support that I will use best endeavours to support the Charterer and the
Guarantor in meeting all obligations under or in relation to the Bareboat
Charter Agreement between [Hai Jiao 1207 Limited] [Hai Jiao 1306 Limited] [Hai
Jiao 1307 Limited] and the Charterer, and the relevant Guarantee issued by the
Guarantor.

This Letter shall not be construed as a guarantee and/or an indemnity. This
Letter is legally binding and its obligations enforceable in accordance with
its terms.

1\. At all times during the terms of this Letter:

(a) Upon delisting of the Guarantor from SGX, I shall use best endeavours to
continue to own and hold no less than 70% percent of the legal and beneficial
title to all the shares of the Guarantor;

(b) I shall use best endeavours to procure that the title, rights and
interests in the shares of the Charterer’s Company are not pledged or in any
way encumbered other than in accordance with the Bareboat Charter Agreement.

2\. At all times during the term of this Letter, I shall use best endeavours
to:

(a) procure the Guarantor and Charterers to have sufficient liquidity to make
timely payment of any amounts payable by the Guarantor and Charterers under or
in respect of the Bareboat Charter Agreement and the Guarantee; and

(b) procure the Guarantor and Charterers to remain solvent and a going concern
at all times under the laws of the of its jurisdiction of incorporation or
applicable accounting standards so long as any Charter Hire and/or any other
obligations under or in respect of the Bareboat Charter Agreement and the
Guarantee is outstanding.

3\. If the Guarantor and Charterers at any time have insufficient liquidity or
cashflow to meet any obligations under or in respect of the Bareboat Charter
Agreement and the Guarantee as they fall due, I shall use best endeavours to
procure for the Charterer (but shall in no way guarantee), before the relevant
due date of the relevant obligations, sufficient funds by means as permitted
by applicable laws and regulations so as to enable the Guarantor and
Charterers to meet such obligations in full as they fall due.

4\. Any rights and obligations which I have under this Letter will remain
valid and binding notwithstanding any bankruptcy, receivership or liquidation
of, or moratorium involving the Guarantor and Charterers.

5\. This Letter shall remain in full force or effect so long as any obligation
under or in respect of the Bareboat Charter Agreement or Guarantee remains
outstanding.

6\. This Letter and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in
connection with this Letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with English law.

7\. The terms of this Letter shall take effect retrospectively from 7 October
2016, and the parties shall be entitled to enforce their rights and
obligations under the Letter from that date.

7 As stated above, OML was delisted on 6 October 2016. However, substantial
amounts due under the BBCs remained unpaid. Thereafter, the first plaintiff
eventually terminated the Go Perseus BBC on 15 November 2017; the second and
third plaintiffs terminated the other two BBCs a little later on 31 January
2018. On 21 March 2018, OML was placed in judicial management. However, this
failed, and OML subsequently entered liquidation on 5 October 2018. The result
is that the plaintiffs have lost substantial sums of money and have
outstanding claims including claims for loss of charter hire and damages.

8 The present proceedings were commenced by three separate writs of summons
but were consolidated by order of court. In summary, the plaintiffs advance
three main claims against the defendant personally viz:

(a) A claim for damages for breach of contract, ie, breach of what are said to
be the obligations of the defendant as contained in the relevant letters of
support – in particular, the obligation by the defendant to use “best
endeavours” to support the Charterers and the Guarantors.

(b) A claim for damages for loss allegedly caused to the plaintiffs as a
result of certain misrepresentations allegedly made by or on behalf of the
defendant during the various meetings and discussions in the course of 2016
and relied upon by the plaintiffs. That case is advanced at common law on the
basis that the said representations were made fraudulently or negligently
and/or under s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (the
“Misrepresentation Act”).

(c) A claim for damages for breach of what the plaintiffs say were one or more
collateral undertakings by the defendant.

The total value of the claims advanced by the plaintiffs exceeds US$200m plus
interest and costs.

9 The defendant denies any liability. Further, there are substantial issues
concerning quantum which we deal with below.

10 In this Judgment, we set out the relevant factual background including
certain important findings of fact before considering the main substantive
issues as well as issues of quantum. However, before doing so, we should
mention certain important preliminary matters in particular with regard to the
overall shape of the trial and the evidence tendered by the parties.

The trial

11 The main part of the trial took place over nine days in November 2019.
During that period, the following witnesses gave oral evidence and were cross-
examined:

(a) On behalf of the plaintiffs:

(i) Mr Hong Xing (also known as Jacky Hong): Executive Director in the
Shipping Finance Department of ICBCL. He joined ICBCL in July 2011 and left in
March 2018.

(ii) Ms Cao Jiangxin: Senior Manager in the Oil and Gas Offshore Department of
ICBCL.

(iii) Mr Yang Changkun: Head of Shipping Finance Department at ICBCL. He
joined ICBCL in April 2013 and left in September 2018.

(b) On behalf of the defendant:

(i) The defendant himself, Mr Yaw.

(ii) Ms Chong Sieh Jiuan: Former Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of OML (“Ms
Chong”).

(iii) Mr Ooi Kok Chye: Vice President, Treasury of OML (“Mr Ooi”, also known
as KC Ooi).

In passing, we should mention that the conduct of the trial was severely
disrupted by, in particular (a) the necessity to deal with a number of
outstanding applications on the first day of the trial; (b) the production by
the defendant in the course of the trial of an avalanche of further documents
by way of further disclosure; and (c) various applications on behalf of the
defendant to serve additional affidavits of evidence-in-chief and call
additional witnesses. It is unnecessary to refer to these events in detail.
However, we should note that the result was that whereas the trial had
originally been fixed to be completed within the allocated nine days in
November 2019, this proved impossible and it became necessary to adjourn the
remainder of the trial for the purpose of hearing the expert evidence and
final closing oral submissions.

12 Following the first tranche of the trial, the parties served written
factual closing submissions, and the adjourned trial resumed for a further two
days in January 2020 when the following experts gave evidence and were cross-
examined:

(a) On behalf of the plaintiffs, Mr Lee Antony Manning (“Mr Manning”). He is a
chartered accountant as well as a licensed insolvency practitioner. He was
previously a partner at Deloitte in London for 14 years and is currently a
partner in Resolve Advisory.

(b) On behalf of the defendant, Roderick John Sutton (“Mr Sutton”). He is a
practising Certified Public Accountant in Hong Kong and a Chartered Accountant
in Australia. He is a Special Advisor to the Asia Pacific Region of FTI
Consulting and is based in Hong Kong and Singapore.

In broad terms, the expert accounting evidence covered two main issues viz:

(a) The assets that were available to the Charterers, OML and the defendant to
meet the payments due under the BBCs. This is relevant, in particular, to the
plaintiffs’ breach of contract claims.

(b) What the plaintiffs would have been likely to recover had they declared
events of default under the BBCs, terminated them and taken recovery action
against the Charterers and/or the Guarantors in 2016. This is relevant to the
plaintiffs’ misrepresentation claims.

13 Following that hearing, the parties served written closing submissions on
the expert evidence. A final hearing took place over two days in February 2020
when counsel made final closing oral submissions. Thereafter, in May 2020,
further written submissions were invited for parties to address the issue of
whether there was to be a single mortgage over the Parkcity Everly Hotel
Bintulu (the “Bintulu Hotel”) in favour of all three plaintiffs for US$14m, or
a mortgage for US$14m in favour of each plaintiff. We elaborate on this issue
below (see [132] and [363] onwards below).

Striking out of the Defence/Adverse inferences

14 In the lead up to the trial during 2019, there were numerous case
management conferences as well as various separate applications concerning, in
particular, applications on behalf of the plaintiffs for peremptory orders
against the defendant and/or an order striking out all or some of the Defence
on the basis of the alleged failure of the defendant to provide proper
disclosure of documents and/or his alleged failure to comply with previous
orders of the court with regard thereto and/or with regard to an Asset
Discovery Order against the defendant made by the court on 23 July 2019.

15 These applications culminated in four separate hearings viz on 30 September
2019 and 10 October 2019 (before Ramesh J), 18 October 2019 (before Eder IJ)
and the first day of the trial, ie, 11 November 2019 (before the full court).
The outcome of the first two hearings was the subject of a separate detailed
Judgment by Ramesh J which summarises the important procedural history in
relation thereto and which we do not propose to repeat: see Hai Jiao 1306
Limited and others v Yaw Chee Siew [2020] 3 SLR 142 in particular at
[16]–[33]. For present purposes, it is sufficient to note that although the
Defence was not struck out, the court ordered certain adverse inferences to be
drawn. So far as relevant, we deal with these adverse inferences below.

16 At trial, the plaintiffs’ position was and remained that the defendant
continued to be in breach of various orders of court as well as his general
disclosure obligations; that this had seriously prejudiced the fair trial of
this case and that the court should therefore strike out, in whole or in part,
the defences on liability as to the defendant’s breaches of his best
endeavours obligations; and alternatively, that appropriate further adverse
inferences be drawn against the defendant. We mention these matters at this
stage if only to indicate our conclusion that we reject the plaintiffs’
submission that we should strike out the whole or part of the Defence. We deal
with the parties’ respective submissions with regard to this aspect of the
case, the reasons for our conclusion and also the questions as to what, if
any, further adverse inferences should be drawn later in this Judgment (see
[198] to [210] below).

Admissibility of documents/Expert evidence

17 We should also mention that there was considerable controversy during the
trial with regard to (a) the admissibility of certain documents; and (b) the
expert evidence. We will deal with these matters when addressing the
substantive issues as to which of the said documents/evidence are relevant.
However, it is convenient at this stage, for context, to address briefly the
plaintiffs’ submission that various documents sought to be relied upon by the
defendant were inadmissible on the basis of (a) the failure to prove
authenticity; and/or (b) the rule against hearsay.

Authenticity of documents

18 As to authenticity, the plaintiffs relied upon the principles relating to
proof of documents as set out by the Court of Appeal in Jet Holdings Ltd and
others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other appeals
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 (“Jet Holdings”), which they summarised as follows:

(a) Whether or not documents exhibited to an affidavit could be admitted into
evidence as authentic documents would depend on the satisfaction of the
relevant provisions (ie, ss 63–67) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(the “Evidence Act”). The mere fact that the documents were exhibited to an
affidavit does not, without more, automatically admit the documents into
evidence (see Jet Holdings at [36]).

(b) The aim of ss 63–67 of the Evidence Act is to ensure that the best
evidence is available before the court, which is why, as a general rule, all
documents must be proved by primary evidence (which is defined in s 64 of the
Evidence Act as meaning the document itself produced for the inspection of the
court). Where the original document cannot be produced, secondary evidence may
be given in the circumstances set out in s 67 of the Evidence Act (Jet
Holdings at [38]).

(c) Whilst formal proof of the documents concerned (ie, authenticity) is
dispensed with by the inclusion of such documents in an agreed bundle of
documents, the party seeking to introduce the documents will still have to
prove the truth of their contents in the absence of any agreement or admission
to the contrary (Jet Holdings at [44], [76]).

(d) In the absence of an agreed bundle of documents, the party seeking to
introduce the documents into evidence must satisfy the relevant provisions
(ie, ss 66–67) of the Evidence Act. However, a balanced approach ought to be
taken to ensure that the best evidence is before the court without unduly
burdening the party seeking to introduce the documents concerned by producing
the original documents or calling the maker of the documents sought to be
introduced into evidence (particularly in cases of complex litigation
involving numerous documents) (Jet Holdings at [48]–[50], [56]).

(e) Thus, where the party seeking to introduce the documents concerned has not
satisfied the relevant provisions of the Evidence Act, the opposing party
ought to promptly object to the admission of such documents at that point in
time and, in any event, before the documents have been marked and admitted
into evidence. If there has been no objection taken by the opposing party at
that particular point in time, that party cannot subsequently object to the
admission of the documents. This applies a fortiori where the opposing party
subsequently cross-examines the relevant witnesses on those documents in an
attempt to discredit the truth of the contents stated therein (Jet Holdings at
[51], [56]).

19 In this case, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the
defendant had failed to agree any bundle of documents with the plaintiffs; and
that the plaintiffs had filed the following Notices of Non-Admission in
respect of various lists of documents filed by the defendant viz:

(a) a Notice of Non-Admission of Authenticity of Documents dated 13 November
2019 as to documents listed at S/N 1–32 of the defendant’s Supplementary List
of Documents dated 8 November 2019 and S/N 1–19 of the defendant’s
Supplementary List of Documents dated 10 November 2019;

(b) a Notice of Non-Admission of Authenticity of Documents dated 13 November
2019 as to documents listed at S/N 1–2 of the defendant’s Supplementary List
of Documents dated 5 November 2019; and

(c) a Notice of Non-Admission of Authenticity of Documents dated 15 November
2019 as to documents listed at S/N 1–36 of the defendant’s Supplementary List
of Documents dated 14 November 2019.

Further, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the defendant had
entirely failed to prove the documents in accordance with ss 63 to 67 of the
Evidence Act during the trial; and that, accordingly, the foregoing documents
are inadmissible under the Evidence Act.

Rule against hearsay

20 As to the rule against hearsay, the plaintiffs relied upon the principles
enunciated by the Court of Appeal in Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd
and others and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686. For present purposes, it is
sufficient to note that it was the plaintiffs’ submission that, as explained
in that case, even where a document has been proven in accordance with ss 63
to 67 of the Evidence Act, if the truth of its contents have not been proven
by way of witness testimony of a person with personal knowledge of the
information contained therein, then the document is inadmissible on the basis
that it is hearsay. A fortiori, a document which has not been introduced into
evidence by way of witness testimony to prove the truth of its contents
(either as an exhibit to an affidavit of evidence-in chief or otherwise by
cross-examination) is generally inadmissible. On this basis, the plaintiffs
took the hearsay objection in relation to various classes of documents,
including but not limited to: (a) documents exhibited in affidavits of
evidence-in-chief filed by the defendant’s factual witnesses (including the
defendant himself) where these witnesses have confirmed under cross-
examination that they did not have personal knowledge of the contents of the
said documents; and (b) documents not introduced into evidence by way of any
affidavits of evidence-in-chief filed by either the plaintiffs’ or defendant’s
factual witnesses or through the examination of the relevant factual witnesses
at trial.

21 So far as relevant, we deal with these submissions with regard to
authenticity and hearsay at the appropriate juncture later in this Judgment.

The facts

22 In broad terms, the BBCs were in substantially similar terms. For present
purposes, the most relevant provisions were as follows:

(a) Each BBC was for a period of 96 months, ie, eight years.

(b) Charter hire was payable in advance at regular quarterly intervals
(falling on 2 February, 2 May, 2 August and 2 November) throughout the year
(clause 32.1.6 in each of the BBCs). As the BBCs were, in effect, financial
leasing arrangements, payments of charter hire were on a “hell or high water”
basis (clause 38.6 in each of the BBCs).

(c) The daily charter hire for the Go Phoenix and Go Pegasus was initially
fixed at US$21,700, and the daily charter hire for the Go Perseus, at
US$23,950. Late payment of the charter hire attracted default interest at the
rate of 10% per annum.

(d) The Charterers were obliged to pay all earnings obtained through the
employment of the vessels into a specified earnings account (clause 46 read
with Additional Clauses, clause 32.1.14 in each of the BBCs; henceforth the
“Earnings Account”), over which the plaintiffs had a charge, which was duly
registered.

(e) Events of Default under the BBCs (see, for example, clause 48 of the
Perseus BBC; henceforth referred to as “Event(s) of Default”) included:

(i) Failure to pay charter hire or any sum under the BBCs.

(ii) The declaration of the Charterers/the Guarantors as insolvent or their
entry into winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy.

(iii) The delisting of OML, which (as stated above) was, at the time when the
BBCs were entered into, a company listed on the SGX. (This term was
subsequently deleted from the BBCs pursuant to addenda entered into between
the parties – as to which see further below at [68]).

(f) If any such Event of Default occurred, the plaintiffs were entitled to
terminate the relevant BBC, whereupon the Charterers would be obliged to pay
all unpaid charter hire as well as charter hire which was to become due and
payable until the end of the charter period, and all other sums due and
payable but which had been unpaid.

23 The BBCs were the subject of various addenda. So far as relevant, we deal
with these below (see [24], [68] and [142] below).

Decline in the offshore & marine market: Negotiations on unpaid charter hire

24 On 3 August 2015, the Go Perseus BBC was amended by way of an Addendum
whereby the parties agreed inter alia to the revision of charter hire rates
for the Go Perseus BBC and the provision of additional security documents for
all of the BBCs. Similar Addenda were entered into with respect to the Go
Phoenix and Go Pegasus BBCs.

25 On 2 December 2015, a meeting took place in Shanghai between Mr Yang
Changkun, Mr Hong Xing, the defendant, Mr Michael See (“Mr See”), Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”) of OML and Group CEO of the OM Group, and Mr Alan
Seah (“Mr Seah”) of Northcape, OML’s brokers. At the meeting, the defendant
requested that the plaintiffs agree to reduce the charter hire rates under the
BBCs in the short and medium term in light of the adverse market conditions
affecting the vessels’ utilisation. In this connection, the defendant assured
the plaintiffs inter alia that he would do his best and utilise his
professional network to find employment for the vessels, including making
alternative arrangements to deploy the vessels in non-oil related work, such
as deep-water pipe laying work; and that he would, in his personal capacity,
continue to provide financial and non-financial support to the OM Group.

26 By early 2016 each of the Charterers was in default under the BBCs by
reason of their late payment of charter hire. On 17 February 2016, ICBCL wrote
to OML noting that the charter hire for each vessel due on 2 February 2016 had
not been received. OML responded on 19 February 2016 advising that two of the
three vessels (Go Phoenix and Go Perseus) were in “negative cashflow”. OML
sought ICBCL’s “understanding to consider the restructuring of the lease
agreement to defer the payment[s]” and advised that “upon the restructuring we
will aggressively sell one of the vessels to lighten the burden”.

27 On 25 February 2016 ICBCL notified OML that its failure to pay the charter
hire without any explanation or rescheduling in advance was “unacceptable”;
and requested payment before any meeting could take place “for further
arrangement”.

28 Thereafter, further meetings took place between representatives of ICBCL
and the OM Group to discuss issues arising out of the financing of the
vessels. At these meetings, ICBCL and the plaintiffs were generally
represented by some or all of the following individuals: for ICBCL, Mr Yang
Changkun, Mr Hong Xing and Ms Cao Jiangxin. The OM Group, on the other hand,
was represented by some or all of the following individuals: the defendant, Mr
See, Mr Ooi and Ms Chong.

Meeting on 3 March 2016 – the suggestion of privatisation is made

29 On 3 March 2016, Mr Yang Changkun and Mr Hong Xing met Mr See in ICBCL’s
office in Beijing. The defendant did not attend that meeting but he was aware
that Mr See was attending. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the
current financial position of the Charterers and the potential restructuring
of the BBCs. During the meeting, Mr See informed the plaintiffs’
representatives that the Charterers were having difficulty paying charter hire
under the BBCs as the vessels’ earnings were insufficient. However, he assured
them that the defendant had personally assisted OML to make full payment of
the charter hire for the vessels in 2015 and that the OM Group had the support
of its other financiers (including Overseas-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited (“OCBC”), United Overseas Bank (“UOB”), and DBS Bank (“DBS”)) in
tiding it through this difficult period. Mr See then informed the plaintiffs’
representatives that the defendant wished to delist OML and sought the
plaintiffs’ consent to the delisting. In this connection, Mr See explained the
reason for the decision to delist OML on the basis that OML had suffered huge
losses in 2015 due to the continuous decline in oil prices but was able to
remain solvent by relying heavily on the defendant’s personal financial
support; and that the defendant remained committed to the survival of the OM
Group and would take all steps necessary, including the injection of funds in
his personal capacity, to ensure the solvency of the OM Group. However, as
matters stood then, Mr See explained that it did not make sense for the
defendant to inject further personal funds into OML as he was merely one of
the many shareholders in the publicly-listed company; that doing so at his
personal expense would only benefit the other shareholders; and that delisting
presented a solution to this dilemma by allowing the defendant to inject
further personal funds into OML.

30 On 11 March 2016, Mr Hong Xing informed OML by email that any proposed
refinancing or restructuring could only be submitted to ICBCL’s credit
committee “on the basis that there is no outstanding payment”.

Meeting on 17 March 2016

31 On 17 March 2016, a further meeting took place in Singapore between Mr Yang
Changkun, Mr Hong Xing and Mr See. The main purpose of the meeting was for the
plaintiffs’ representatives to assess whether major financiers continued to be
supportive of the OM Group so as to enable the plaintiffs to assess the
proposed delisting of OML. In this respect, Mr See arranged for the
plaintiffs’ representatives to meet with representatives of OCBC. Although Mr
See had purportedly attempted to arrange meetings with UOB and DBS, those
meetings ultimately did not take place. For present purposes, it is sufficient
to note that the plaintiffs’ representatives were satisfied that OCBC remained
supportive of the OM Group.

32 Following the meeting with OCBC, Mr See further represented to the
plaintiffs’ representatives that:

(a) the defendant and his family collectively owned and had an interest in
approximately 60% of the shares in OML and had continued to provide financial
support to OML on a number of occasions;

(b) the continued listing of OML on the SGX limited the amount of financial
support that the defendant and his family could provide to OML; and

(c) the delisting and privatisation of OML would allow decisions to be taken
quickly as well as allow the defendant and his family to provide further
financial support to the OM Group.

33 In addition, Mr See advised ICBCL that OML was “planning to start
privatisation in the near future” and that “after privatisation, the [Yaw]
family’s holding ratio will not be lower than 90%, which is more conducive to
quick decision-making and further support”. Mr See said that he hoped that
ICBCL would support OML’s plans.

34 In light of these assurances (and the apparently supportive attitude of
OCBC), the evidence of Mr Yang Changkun (which we accept) was that the
plaintiffs’ representatives decided to continue further discussions regarding
the proposed delisting of OML and reduction of charter rates with a view to
seeking the approval of the plaintiffs’ and ICBCL’s management.

Meeting of 15 April 2016

35 To facilitate the approval process, Mr Yang Changkun and Mr Hong Xing
arranged a meeting with the plaintiffs’ and ICBCL’s management (including Mr
Yang Changkun’s superior, Mr Ji Fuxing, Deputy CEO of ICBCL) and the
defendant. The meeting was attended by the defendant personally and Mr See, as
well as (amongst others) Mr Yang Changkun and Mr Hong Xing as the plaintiffs’
representatives.

36 During the meeting, the defendant pressed for a reduction in charter hire
under the BBCs so that the Charterers could continue fulfilling their payment
obligations under the BBCs, and the Guarantors under the guarantees. In
addition, the evidence of Mr Yang Changkun (which we accept) was that the
defendant made the following representations viz:

(a) In the past year, he had extended financial support to the OM Group in his
personal capacity, which had been used in part to pay charter hire under the
BBCs.

(b) He was willing to continue supporting the OM Group. However, the continued
listing of OML and his status as a majority shareholder (holding or
controlling approximately 60% of the shares) severely limited his ability to
provide such financial assistance. The privatisation would remove the
limitation to his ability to personally support the company. The defendant
would then be able to provide further financial support to the OM Group (using
his personal resources, including his family’s connections) which was
necessary for the group’s survival.

(c) He would, in connection with the delisting process, personally inject
approximately S$150m into OML. These sums would be used to, inter alia,
provide working capital for OML.

37 In light of these reassurances, Mr Ji Fuxing indicated during the meeting
that he was, in principle, agreeable to the delisting of OML on various
conditions including full payment of all outstanding charter hire under the
BBCs by 23 April 2016; the reduction of charter hire for two vessels to less
than US$9,000 each; and OML undertaking to accelerate the payment of US$7m as
the principal for the third vessel within a certain time (preliminarily fixed
at 60 days) after delisting, so as to ensure that the book value of the vessel
in ICBCL’s account would not be higher than the market value.

38 A record of the discussions at that meeting includes the following:

Mr Yaw said that he greatly values the cooperation and relationships with
financial institutions. In the past year, he provided funds in various forms
to support Otto Marine to enable it to pay rentals to us. However, as a
company listed on the main board of [the] Singapore Exchange, Otto Marine is
subject to various restrictions on the transfer of funds between the company
and its substantial shareholder. Considering that the depressed maritime
market may persist for at least 2 years, he hoped to have our consent to
commence privatisation as it will ensure stronger support to Otto Marine in
the future.

…

Mr. Ji Fuxing agreed to their estimation about the future of the maritime
market, saying that this is also a process of ‘survival of the fittest’. A
company with strong asset management ability and shareholder support will have
brighter prospect[s] only if it can pull through the current difficulties.
Under the current market conditions, we understand that it is extremely
difficult for a maritime company to raise fund[s] in the capital market as a
listed company. Therefore, we intend to agree to the delisting arrangement of
Otto Marine and will also make appropriate adjustment to the rentals so as to
ensure that Otto Marine is able to pay rentals in a timely manner for a
protracted duration in the future.

39 Shortly after this meeting, a conversation took place on 17 April 2016, the
key points of which were captured in an email sent by Mr Ooi to one Joseph Lau
(the defendant’s cousin) and the defendant on 18 April 2016. This conversation
discussed a loan being granted by RHB Bank Berhad, Singapore Branch (“RHB”) in
the net amount of S$70m, which was to be used towards the privatisation of
OML. The loan would be made in two tranches. A first tranche of S$70m would be
made available to the defendant, who would then loan the sum as a bridging
loan to OML to “settle the [medium term notes] due on 1st August 2016”. A
second tranche of S$70m would be made available to OML after successful
privatisation, with OML to use the proceeds to repay the bridging loan from
the defendant who would then “return the same amount to RHB to clear the 1st
tranche bridging loan”.

40 On 19 April 2016, one Cezzane See of OML wrote by email to Mr Hong Xing
referring to the meeting on 15 April 2016, expressing her “utmost gratitude”
for ICBCL “accepting our proposed restructuring ideas for the Go Pegasus, Go
Phoenix and Go Perseus”. That email confirmed that this was subject to OML
clearing the outstanding February 2016 charter hire by the end of April 2016.
Mr See followed up on this email the next day, 20 April 2016, by confirming to
Mr Hong Xing that the defendant had called him about the matters referred to
in the email. Mr See indicated that OML was “committed to have the matter
resolved”, and requested ICBCL’s support, while at the same time acknowledging
that ICBCL’s agreement was “subject to Feb settlement”.

41 During March and April 2016, the outstanding charter hire for the vessels
that had been due on 2 February 2016 was paid. The amount of US$1,508,850 due
in respect of Go Perseus was paid on 29 April 2016. The amount of US$1,367,100
due in respect of Go Phoenix was paid on 28 April 2016. The amount of
US$1,367,100 due in respect of Go Pegasus was paid in three instalments:
US$239,000 on 9 March 2016; US$224,965 on 13 April 2016; and US$903,135 on 29
April 2016.

ICBCL approves the OML delisting and restructuring of the BBCs

42 The internal process at ICBCL for approval of the change in arrangements
with the OM Group occurred in late April and early May 2016. As submitted on
behalf of the plaintiffs, this was not a mere rubber-stamping exercise but was
a process involving various important stages. The first step of this process
involved an application by ICBCL’s Shipping Finance Department to its Project
Review Committee. The application dated 21 April 2016 was initially prepared
by Mr Hong Xing. It was thereafter approved by one Mr Lyu Zhuo before
subsequently being approved by Mr Yang Changkun (respectively the Group Head
and Department Head of ICBCL’s Shipping Finance Department). In broad terms,
it was recommended that ICBCL agree to the delisting of OML and reduction of
the charter hire for the Go Perseus for two years, subject to payment of the
sum of US$70m or the provision of security in lieu within 90 days of
privatisation by OML, and certain other measures to reduce ICBCL’s risks:

As the depressed maritime market may persist for 2 year[s] or longer, in order
to ensure that Otto Marine is able to make timely payment of the hire to us
and prevent the disruption of capital chain and avoid breach of contract, we
intend to agree to the privatization of Otto Marine, reduce the bare boat hire
of Go Perseus to USD9,000/day for 2 years (8 terms) before recovery to
USD23,950/day. In order to reduce the risk exposure of our project, we will
require Otto Marine to make accelerated repayment of USD70 million as
principal or provide security of equal amount within 90 days of privatization,
change the option of charterer to purchase the vessel into the option of owner
to sell the vessel at the end of the lease, and adjust the vessel repurchase
price at the end of each year, so as to ensure that the IRR at the end of each
year will remain unchanged after the adjustment.

43 The grounds in support of the recommendations included the following:

In the past year, the substantial shareholder of Otto Marine provided fund
support to Otto Marine by various means to pay hire to us. However, as a
listed company in Singapore, Otto Marine was subject to various restrictions
on the transfer of funds between the company and its substantial shareholder.
The current market value of Otto Marine is only USD35 million, [while] its
shareholders’ equity is USD207 million. Therefore, Otto Marine is of the
opinion that maintaining its status as a listed company is not meaningful.
Currently the substantial shareholder of Otto Marine holds 61% shares in the
company, and about USD22 million is needed to repurchase the remaining shares.
… The substantial shareholder will provide a total of about SGD150 million
(about USD110 million) for the privatization, which will mainly be the own
fund[s] of the substantial shareholder. Otto Marine intends to start
privatization in May, and complete the process in September, so as to enable
the substantial shareholder to provide more fund support to the company in the
future.

44 Mr Yang Changkun’s unchallenged evidence was that he consented to the
application in reliance on the following representations/assurances of the
defendant:

(a) The defendant had injected his personal funds into the Charterers/the
Guarantors and had procured them to make timely payment of the charter hire
payments under the BBCs to the plaintiffs.

(b) The defendant would continue to inject his personal funds into the
Charterers/the Guarantors to keep them as going concerns, and procure them to
(a) make timely payment of charter hire, and (b) perform their other payment
obligations under the BBCs/the guarantees.

(c) OML’s delisting was to facilitate the provision by the defendant of
further funding to OML.

(d) The defendant would inject personal funds of approximately S$150m in
connection with the delisting and would inject further funds into the
Charterers/the Guarantors as and when necessary to keep them as going concerns
and procure them to make timely payment under the BBCs/the guarantees.

45 On 22 April 2016, ICBCL’s internal auditor considered this application. The
internal auditor noted that the market value of OML was only about US$35m,
whereas shareholder’s equity was US$207m. It therefore considered that
“privatisation [was] economically meaningful to some extent”. In addition, the
internal auditor noted that Mr See had communicated that the privatisation
would involve the redemption of S$70m of mid-term notes maturing in August
2016 and the injection of working capital. The substantial shareholder,
meaning the defendant, was also said to be providing “a total of about SGD150
million … for the privatization, which will mainly be the own fund[s] of the
substantial shareholder”. That said, the internal auditor expressed its doubts
over this proposed course of action, noting that “[c]onsidering the current
general depression of the shipping market, whether the shareholder may
complete the privatization as scheduled and inject sufficient fund[s] to repay
the debt is somewhat uncertain”.

46 In the event, the internal auditor supported the proposal, subject to three
conditions: (a) that all outstanding charter hire be paid before execution of
the agreement; (b) that an additional mortgage in the sum of not less than
US$8m in aggregate be provided for the vessels by 31 December 2018; and (c)
that the privatisation process of OML be monitored to ensure that the debts
remained payable in spite of the privatisation, and that accelerated payment
of US$7m be made by “the shareholder” (ie, the defendant) in respect of the Go
Perseus within 90 days after completion of privatisation.

47 The proposal next went before ICBCL’s Project Review Committee on 5 May
2016. The Project Review Committee approved the proposal subject to the
conditions proposed by the internal auditor, and introduced an additional
condition of its own: that a letter of support be obtained from the defendant
to provide “fund support” in the event the Charterers faced difficulties in
paying the charter hire. The minutes of the committee’s meeting record:

The change shall be conditional on the repayment of all outstanding hires
before execution of agreement.

The change is also subject to the following management requirements:

1\. Additional mortgage not less than USD8 million in aggregate shall be
provided for the 3 Vessels by 31 December 2018;

2\. The privatization process of Otto Marine shall be monitored to ensure that
the debts remain payable to us in spite of the privatization, and that
accelerated payment of USD7 million be made by the shareholder in respect of
the third vessel project within 90 days after completion of privatization.

3\. A support letter from Yaw Chee Siew, the actual controlling party, shall
be obtained after the completion of privatization of the charterer, agreeing
to provide fund support in the event of difficulty of the charterer in the
payment of hire.

48 That same day, 5 May 2016, a Vice President of ICBCL’s Project and
Investment Approving Department inserted a comment that the “[s]hareholder
support letter shall be obtained within 90 days of privatization”; another
Vice President agreed with this comment the next day. The application was
approved on 6 May 2016 (see [51] below).

49 In addition, ICBCL proposed to restructure the BBCs. This was conveyed by
an email from ICBCL to OML on 28 April 2016. The key terms of the restructured
BBCs were that: (a) all outstanding charter hire would be paid before the end
of April; (b) the daily charter hire for both the Go Phoenix and Go Perseus
would be reduced to US$9,000 from 2 May 2016 to 2 February 2018; (c) at the
end of the charter period for the Go Pegasus, the lessor (ie, the third
plaintiff) would have a put option to sell the vessel to OML at US$35,870,000
(net of OML’s seller’s credit); (d) OML’s delisting would be accepted; (e) OML
would place a US$7m deposit (“the Deposit”) in the “[l]essor’s” account within
60 days of the delisting, which would not be refundable (though not apparent
from ICBCL’s email, it became clear that “the lessor’s account” was a
reference to a bank account of the first plaintiff’s choosing – the first
plaintiff was to notify the Charterer, Go Offshore, of the specific bank
account the Deposit was to be transferred to); and (f) OML would provide an
additional ship mortgage of not less than US$8m before 31 December 2018. OML
was also reminded that the next payment date was 2 May 2016.

The First Letters of Support

50 Meanwhile, during the approval process, ICBCL raised the possibility of the
defendant providing a personal guarantee in consideration of ICBCL’s consent
to the restructuring. This was to take into account the fact that the
guarantee from OML would cease to be security from a listed company upon
delisting. This requirement was conveyed orally by Mr Hong Xing to the
defendant through Mr See; the defendant refused to provide a personal
guarantee, and this was conveyed to Mr Hong Xing. Following this, by an email
dated 25 April 2016, Mr Hong Xing wrote to Mr See stating that the Vice
President of ICBCL’s Risk and Credit Department had “compromised” and
requested instead a “letter of support” to be provided by the defendant.

51 On 6 May 2016, the application was formally approved by ICBCL’s management.
Accordingly, the evidence of Mr Yang Changkun (which we accept) was that ICBCL
and the plaintiffs agreed to the proposed restructuring of the OM Group and
the delisting of OML from the SGX, on the basis inter alia that the following
conditions were satisfied:

(a) the outstanding charter hire under the BBCs had to be paid;

(b) OML would make payment of the Deposit to the plaintiffs within 90 days of
the delisting of OML; and

(c) the defendant would execute the letters of support within 90 days of the
delisting of OML.

52 The nature of this last “condition” was the subject of some confusion and
conflicting evidence at the trial. According to Mr Yang Changkun, even though
the internal requirement was for the defendant to deliver the letters of
support within 90 days of the delisting of OML, this requirement was conveyed
orally by the plaintiffs through Mr Hong Xing to the defendant as a “condition
precedent” to the proposed restructuring and delisting. That this was the
common understanding of the parties at the material time is also supported by
two fairly contemporaneous emails dated 6 and 19 September 2016 respectively
sent by Stephenson Harwood LLP (“Stephenson Harwood”), lawyers for OML (we
elaborate on these emails at [81] below). As stated in paragraph 20 of his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief dated 17 September 2019, the defendant accepts
that in or around May 2016, he “… agreed to issue Letters of Support in favour
of the First Plaintiffs in consideration for the Plaintiffs’ agreement to the
de-listing of the Guarantor.” Notwithstanding, according to paragraph 19 of
the same affidavit, the evidence of the defendant was that the plaintiffs did
not “at this juncture, make the execution and delivery of the said letter of
support a condition precedent to [the delisting of OML]”; and that “the notion
of a letter of support being a condition precedent only surfaced in or around
July 2017.”

53 These two statements are not easy to reconcile. In our view, the confusion
arises because of the use of the term “condition precedent”. Plainly, if the
agreement was that the defendant would execute the letters of support only
within 90 days of the delisting of OML, the provision of such letters of
support in executed form by the defendant could not be said to be a “condition
precedent” to the delisting if the latter were intended to mean that such
letters of support had to be provided before the delisting. However, given the
nature of the discussions that had taken place and the circumstances which
existed in and following April/May 2016, it would seem likely that the
agreement or at least mutual understanding of the parties was that the
plaintiffs’ consent to the delisting was on the basis that the defendant would
provide letters of support to the plaintiffs; and that the agreement or at
least mutual understanding of the parties to provide such letters of support
was, in that sense, a “condition precedent” to the plaintiffs’ consent to the
delisting of OML albeit the letters of support would only be executed after
the delisting. In other words, the plaintiffs’ consent to the delisting of OML
was conditional upon the defendant agreeing to provide the letters of support
within 90 days of the delisting of OML. To a certain extent, this debate is,
in our view, somewhat arid because of subsequent events including the terms of
the Addenda agreed by the parties in July 2016 (as to which see [68] below).

54 Be that as it may, on 5 May 2016, ICBCL wrote to OML and Stephenson Harwood
attaching draft letters of support (ie, the First Letters of Support) to be
provided to each of the plaintiffs by the defendant; and, requesting OML to
arrange for the defendant to sign the First Letters of Support, leave them
undated and send a scanned copy of each to ICBCL by email with the originals
to follow in the post.

More delays in payments

55 According to the defendant, the Charterers continued to face difficulties
in making payments of the charter hire due on 2 May 2016. On 9 May 2016, Mr
See wrote to Mr Hong Xing indicating that it would be “very tough” to pay the
charter hire due that month, and that payment of the charter hire due in May
2016 could not be a “CP”, or condition precedent, for the delisting of OML. He
explained the significant difficulties OML had in finding work for the
vessels. Mr Hong Xing replied indicating that he could not accept Mr See’s
“proposal” (ie, ICBCL could not accept any more delays in payment), and that
if ICBCL had realised that even the first tranche of charter hire due after
the restructuring would not be paid, he did not believe the restructuring
would have been approved.

56 Even as the charter hire due to ICBCL was not paid, however, on 18 May 2016
Mr See sent a text message to the defendant in the following terms:

I called and have asked kc and sj to take out the 450k from icbc to uob

No point pay partial to icbc as their [sic] is 3m

Hence paying uob 1m outstanding (using icbc 450k and end of week another 550k
from GO) will resolve uob 1m and their loan payment straight away drop by 50%

This will strike off one immediate item

I have asked them [to] do it this morning

57 ICBCL, for its part, continued to pursue OML for payment. On 24 May 2016,
Mr Hong Xing sent an email to Mr See, with the subject title “Due and Payable
charterhire, urgent!!!”. He wrote: “[w]e are pushed [sic] very hard for the
due and payable charterhire of all three ships, please check and confirm
urgently when it will be paid as it has been due on 2nd of May”.

58 Mr See then wrote to the defendant, informing him that Mr Hong Xing had
“called everyday” and expressed the concern that he (Mr Hong Xing) “may not be
able to hold”. In response to Mr See, the defendant wrote:

How much [do] we still owe them? I remember is about $2.5m now? I may be able
to do $500k to max $1m, but that will be jeopardising what I am critically
doing now.

59 Mr See responded to the defendant on the same day in the following terms:

We owe Usd2.5m after paying Usd450k last week.

I have told him not possible this week and that we are trying next week

I doubt he will call this week anymore but we will see what can be done next
week

Separately, meeting UOB tomorrow morning, I have strategise [sic] with Garrick
that we will push for 6 months interest payment only although they have
agree[d] on 50% dropped in P+I.

60 The defendant responded to Mr See on the same day in the following terms:

Cannot have them [calling] us everyday chasing like this. My suggestion is to
try to pay them $1m on the express condition that they will hold off for
another 30 days or more.

61 In response, Mr See advised the defendant that he would call Mr Hong Xing
the following morning and noted that the payment of US$1m was to be made to
ICBCL that week.

62 On 26 May 2016, US$269,957.30 of the amount due of US$828,000 was paid in
respect of Go Phoenix; and US$270,000 of the amount due of US$828,000 was paid
in respect of Go Perseus. On 16 May 2016, US$499,980 of the amount due of
US$1,397,480 was paid in respect of Go Pegasus.

Announcement of the voluntary delisting

63 On 7 June 2016, a further meeting took place between inter alia Mr Yang
Changkun, Mr See and the defendant to follow up on the status of the
restructuring. During the meeting, the defendant confirmed the proposed
restructuring was progressing as expected. The defendant and Mr See outlined
the proposed timelines for the delisting (targeting October 2016) and the
defendant then further confirmed that he had no problems funding the
restructuring exercise. Additionally, he again emphasised his willingness to
invest his personal wealth and other resources (including procuring the
backing of his family and the Samling Group, which was a group of companies
owned and run by the defendant and his family) to support the OM Group.

64 However, on the very next day, ie, 8 June 2016, OML (as “the Company” in
the excerpt below) and Ocean International (as “the Offeror” in the excerpt
below) made a Joint Announcement of the proposed voluntary delisting of OML
from the Official List of the SGX.

65 The Joint Announcement included the following:

6.1 The Offeror is a special purpose vehicle incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands for the purposes of making the Exit Offer. It is a private
company and does not have any published audited accounts. Its principal
activities include that of investment holding. As at the Joint Announcement
Date, the Offeror has an issued and paid-up share capital of one (1) share,
which is held by Yaw. Yaw, who is the Executive Chairman of the Company, is
the sole director of the Offeror.

6.2 Yaw is also a controlling shareholder of the Company (Controlling
Shareholder) and he has a direct interest in 539,835 Shares and an indirect
interest in 129,420,518 Shares which are held by CEO Technology Asia Ltd (CEO)
and Business Companion Investments Ltd (BCI). As CEO and BCI are wholly owned
by Yaw, Yaw is deemed interested in 129,420,518 Shares held by the two
entities and accordingly, Yaw has a total interest in 129,960,353 Shares,
representing approximately 61.2% of the total issued share capital of the
Company.

66 ICBCL was caught by surprise by the announcement of the voluntary delisting
of OML. Upon learning of the announcement, Mr Hong Xing immediately wrote to
Mr See protesting that OML had made the delisting announcement without ICBCL’s
consent, which had “obviously breach[ed] Clause 48 of the [BBCs]”. Thus, ICBCL
“strongly request[ed]” OML to either (a) pay all outstanding charter hire
immediately following which “[ICBCL] will agree to the delisting” or (b)
withdraw the delisting announcement.

67 On 12 June 2016, Mr See replied on OML’s behalf stating in material part:

… Per discussion with Mr CK Yang, Mr Luke, Mr Yaw and myself on last Thursday,
delisting Otto Marine will actually allow the company to become leaner,
stronger and more competitive. The payment partial[ly] settled is a temporary
issue and we will ensure on time payment upon the delisting.

With the delisting, it is likely that there will be further consolidation and
amalgamation among the group of companies and this will further strengthen the
company’s portfolio.

Following the delisting, there will be injection of funds by Mr Yaw and
possible rationalisation of assets and resources management that will aid the
next trajectory growth of the company’s strategic direction[.]

…

During our April 2016 discussion in ICBC Leasing Beijing office with the
present of Mr Yaw, Mr Michael See, Mr Yang and Mr Hong Xin[g] and our last
Thursday meeting with Mr CK Yang and Mr Luke, we appreciate ICBC Leasing
support for our delisting and we understand that you have no objection towards
our delisting, given that the purpose of the delisting is for a better good.
In this regard, we will kindly request for your kind understanding and support
that you have been providing to Otto Marine.

Please kindly rest assured that upon delisting, we undertake to make the
necessary payments that fall due and look forward to future collaboration with
ICBC Leasing in our greater business plans moving forward.

We seek your support and confirmation for our delisting.

July 2016 Addenda

68 On 12 July 2016 the plaintiffs and the Charterers entered into Addenda to
each of the BBCs (the “July 2016 Addenda”). The recitals to the Addenda for
the Go Perseus and Go Phoenix BBCs (in each case entitled Addendum No 2) were
in substantially similar form and included the following:

The Charterers have requested for various further amendments to the Charter as
set out in this Addendum No. 2, including but not limited to, (i) the revision
of the Charter Hire with effect from the next Payment Date as more
particularly set out in the excel worksheet appended as Schedule 4 hereto,
(ii) the payment of a deposit, (iii) the removal of the delisting of the
Guarantor from the SGX as an Event of Default, and (iv) including additional
undertakings by the Charterer.

Further, pursuant to clause 32.1.6 of Schedule 3 of the respective Addenda to
these two BBCs, the charter hire rate was lowered to US$9,000 per day.

69 An Addendum, entitled Addendum No 3, was similarly agreed in respect of the
Go Pegasus BBC on 12 July 2016, but its recitals were different. Instead, the
recitals relevantly read:

The Charterers have requested for various further amendments to the Charter as
set out in this Addendum No. 3, including but not limited to, (i) an inclusion
of a put option at the end of the Charter Period for the sale of the Vessel,
(ii) the removal of the delisting of the Guarantor from the SGX as an Event of
Default, and (iii) including additional undertakings by the Charterer.

Unlike the Go Perseus and Go Phoenix BBCs, the charter hire rate under clause
32.1.6 of the Go Pegasus BBC was not lowered pursuant to this Addendum.

70 Each of these three Addenda included the following clause 5.1 viz:

5.1 Condition Precedent documentation

The Charter shall be amended and supplemented by this [Addendum] with effect
on and from the date (the “Effective Date”) on which the Owners notify the
Charterers in writing in the form set out in Part II of Schedule 1 hereto that
the Owners have received all of the documents and evidence set out in Part I
of Schedule 1, in form and substance satisfactory to it.

71 Consistent with clause 5.1, Part I of Schedule 1 contained a list of what
were described as “Condition Precedent Documents” including (in paragraph 7):
“Any further documentation which may be required by the Owners”.

72 The Go Perseus BBC, but not the other BBCs, as amended included clause
44.38 pursuant to which Go Offshore (the Charterer) agreed, subject to certain
events that are not material, as follows:

The Charterers shall, within sixty (60) days from the date of delisting of
Otto Marine Limited from SGX, unconditionally and irrevocably pay a sum of USD
7,000,000 (the “Deposit”) to the Owners (to such bank account as may be
notified to the Charterers by the Owners).

73 It is also not in dispute that the defendant had not signed and delivered
the First Letters of Support by this time. Mr See had informed ICBCL that the
defendant was travelling, and in order not to hold up the execution of the
July 2016 Addenda, the plaintiffs agreed that the July 2016 Addenda could be
signed on condition that the First Letters of Support would be executed by the
defendant and delivered to the plaintiffs as soon as possible thereafter.

74 However, the defendant did not take any steps to execute and deliver the
First Letters of Support to the plaintiffs. Although the defendant’s
representatives (ie, Ms Chong, Mr See and Mr Ooi) had repeatedly reassured the
plaintiffs as well as their lawyers, Wikborg Rein Singapore Pte Ltd
(“Wikborg”), that the First Letters of Support would be provided in due
course, it remained the case that delivery of the First Letters of Support was
not forthcoming (see [78]–[84] below). This state of affairs persisted up to
and even after OML’s delisting in October 2016. (As elaborated below, although
it appears that the defendant did sign the First Letters of Support at some
time prior to 10 November 2016, they were never actually delivered or handed
over to the plaintiffs or ICBCL).

August 2016 meeting

75 In or around end July 2016, there was an internal reorganisation in ICBCL.
A new department, known as the Energy Department, was set up and all offshore
projects were transferred to within its purview. Mr Hong Xing was transferred
to this department and began working on the project relating to the vessels
with new colleagues from the Energy Department. Mr Yang Changkun, however,
remained in the Ship Financing Department and thus was not involved in the
project during this period until the projects were transferred back to the
Ship Financing Department in December 2016.

76 Between 3 and 5 August 2016 a team from ICBCL travelled to Singapore and
Batam to carry out project handover and customer due diligence for the
vessels. During that visit, a meeting took place between the parties’
representatives viz on the plaintiffs’ side Mr Hong Xing, Ms Cao Jiangxin as
well as other various persons from the Energy Department; and on the
defendant’s side, Mr See and Ms Chong. In the course of that meeting, there
were some general discussions with regard to the financial position of the OM
Group. In particular, during those discussions, certain representations were
made by Mr See and/or Ms Chong viz:

(a) The most recent round of charter hire payments by the Charterers had been
made using funds personally injected by the defendant.

(b) The defendant and his family remained supportive of the Charterers/OML.
The defendant remained committed to support the business of the OM Group and
had ample financial resources, including the resources of the Samling Group,
to support the OM Group.

(c) The defendant would inject funds of approximately S$140m into OML in
connection with the delisting and would inject further funds as and when
necessary to support the business of the OM Group.

(d) The delisting of OML was to allow the defendant to provide greater
financial support for the Charterers/the Guarantors.

77 An internal report of that visit noted that having regard to the low
international oil price and the decline in the global utilisation ratio and
hire rate of marine support vessels, “the overall operation of Otto Marine is
challenging”. The report also included the following:

However, as [OML’s] substantial shareholder has initiated privatisation and
continued injecting funds to support it, the following matters shall be
further implemented for risk control of our projects:

1\. Closely following up the privatisation process of Otto Marine. …

2\. Following up and determining the main use of SGD140 million made available
by the substantial shareholder for the privatisation.

3\. Following up the repayment of USD7 million after the completion of
privatisation.

4\. Following up the bidding process [for] our vessels. Considering the
possibility of selling off Go Perseus and closely monitoring the market price
of this type of vessel.

Requests for the First Letters of Support

78 On 12 August 2016, SGX approved OML’s application for delisting.

79 On 6 September 2016, Wikborg wrote to Mr See in terms that included the
following:

… As you may recall, it was agreed that Mr Yaw would provide the attached
support letters to ICBC prior to closing of the latest amendments. However, we
have not received the signed letters. Please could you urgently arrange for Mr
Yaw to sign the attached letters (which are in agreed form and were cleared by
Otto and its counsel previously). Please ensure that a witness signs as well
and all witness details are filled in. All 3 letters should be dated 12 July
2016 (same date as all the amendment deeds).

Please let us have a scanned copy of the 3 signed letters by COB today with
the originals to follow to my address below.

[emphasis in original]

Mr See asked that either Ms Chong or Mr Ooi “handle” this issue.

80 On 13 September 2016, Wikborg wrote again to OML requesting it to have the
defendant sign the First Letters of Support. When there was no response, a
further request was made by Wikborg on 15 September 2016. There were further
follow-up communications on 19 September 2016. By this time, OML’s lawyers,
Stephenson Harwood, were writing to Ms Chong and Mr Ooi asking for the signed
First Letters of Support.

81 On 19 September 2016, Mr Ooi finally responded to Stephenson Harwood. He
wrote that he was “advised the signing of the Letter is upon delisting of
[OML], which should be after the Exit Offer closed on 30th September 2016”.
Stephenson Harwood’s response, however, was that this was not the case.
Instead, Stephenson Harwood clarified to Mr Ooi that “the signed letters were
a condition precedent which should have been delivered to [ICBCL] at the time
the bareboat charters for the three vessels were amended”, and it was only
because Mr Yaw was travelling at that time that closing proceeded on the
condition that the “letters would be signed and delivered to [ICBCL] as soon
as possible thereafter”.

82 Mr Ooi then wrote to the defendant attaching the unexecuted First Letters
of Support, requesting that the defendant return a signed copy through email
with the originals to follow. The defendant replied with the following:

I need you to read it carefully to make sure it is ok to sign. [Basically]
[it] is a best effort support letter to get Otto to pay.

83 Mr Ooi replied to the defendant on 20 September 2016 in the following
terms:

In my personal opinion, I take this letter of Support as a form of Personal
Guarantee. This is despite they call it [sic] as Letter of Support or use the
term ‘best endeavours’.

Essentially, the main points are:

1) This letter is legally binding and its obligation is enforceable (not just
best effort support letter or provide comfort or best endeavour).

2) This letter will remain valid and binding notwithstanding of any
bankruptcy, receivership or liquidation of the Guarantor-Otto Marine
Charterer-Otto Fleet (This clearly mean they are going after you in person
ultimately).

3) This letter shall remain in full force and effective so long as the
obligation or the Guarantee remain outstanding (sound very much like a PG).

4) This letter shall be governed by English Law (mean at all time it’s legally
binding).

5) This letter is calling for you to ensure that the Guarantor/Charterer is
solvent and able to meet their obligation in full on timely manner (sound very
much like Rakesh case in RSOV but at higher liability).

84 There was no response given to ICBCL or Wikborg and a further follow-up
email was sent on 22 September 2016 suggesting that ICBCL could attend upon
the defendant so that he could sign the First Letters of Support “soonest”.
After further communications both by email and text message, ICBCL was
informed by Wikborg on 27 September 2016 that OML had “assured” a “commitment”
for the defendant to sign the First Letters of Support and that the
board/management acknowledged that it must be signed. It was suggested that
the delay was “simply because” the defendant “ha[d] not been in Singapore the
last couple of weeks”. Nothing further happened and on 6 October 2016 a
further follow-up email was sent to Mr Ooi seeking an “update” with a request
for the First Letters of Support to be provided by close of business on 7
October 2016.

OML delists from the SGX

85 On 7 October 2016, OML delisted from the SGX.

86 In passing, we should mention that it was the plaintiffs’ case that based
on the defendant’s assurances, the delisting should have enabled the defendant
to procure even more funding for OML (both from himself and his family) to
enable OML to continue as a going concern, and (more importantly from the
perspective of the plaintiffs) to ensure that the Charterers/the Guarantors
made timely payment of sums due under the BBCs/the guarantees. However, it was
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that this was far from the case. In
fact, as further submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, even at the time of
OML’s delisting, the Charterers were in default of their obligations to pay
the 2 August charter hire instalment under the BBCs. This persisted despite
various email reminders sent by Ms Cao Jiangxin to Mr See and Ms Chong (on 21
September 2016, 8 October 2016, ie, immediately after the delisting, and 11
October 2016). This charter hire instalment was only finally paid on 25
October 2016 after the plaintiffs issued a letter of demand from their legal
department on 18 October 2016 requiring payment within seven days. Even this
payment, however, was short as it did not include default interest payable
under the BBCs (an issue only finally resolved by a further payment on 27
October 2016). This is further discussed below (see [88] and [89]).

ICBCL makes further requests for payment of charter hire and delivery of the
executed First Letters of Support

87 On 8 October 2016, ICBCL wrote to OML advising it was very glad to hear of
the delisting on 7 October 2016. That communication included the following:

As have [sic] stressed many times before, we saw the cash injection from Mr
Yaw is an [sic] very important signal that Otto can tide over the hard market.
Our senior management also have been concerned about this project. In view of
your delist announcement, we will report the project status to decision makers
in recent days, thus, it’s quite urgent for us to know the payment date of the
rest of charter hire for 3Q 2016, we really hope Otto can complete the payment
before next weekend(15 October 2016). Very appreciate [sic] if you can let me
know once you have the detail[ed] financial plan.

88 As stated above, a charter hire instalment had been due on 2 August 2016,
but was only finally paid on 25 October 2016 after the plaintiffs issued a
letter of demand on 18 October 2016 requiring payment within seven days. But,
again as stated above, even this payment was short as it did not include
default interest which had also become due, which payment was only made on 27
October 2016.

89 Meanwhile, ICBCL’s further attempts in early October 2016 to have the First
Letters of Support signed by the defendant were unsuccessful. On 10 October
2016, Wikborg wrote to OML in terms that included the following:

Please bear in mind that the only reason why we did not sign this previously
at the closing with the rest of the documents is because Mr Yaw was not around
and Otto requested that we proceed with the signing nevertheless on the
understanding that the letter will be signed ASAP. We accommodated Otto’s
request in good faith and it is not very encouraging to receive no response
from the company?

90 On 12 October 2016 Mr Seah (of Northcape) wrote to Mr Hong Xing telling him
that Mr See had just returned from Malaysia the previous day where he had
given a presentation about OML to the Samling Group management and stating in
relevant part:

Michael just came back from Malaysia yesterday wherein he gave a presentation
of Otto Marine to the Samling Group management. After delisting Otto Marine is
now under the ownership of Samling Group and will fall under Samling Energy.

As you know, Samling Group has several industries under them eg timber, real
estate, palm oil plantations, car distributorship as well as oil and gas
fields.

Good news from the meeting yesterday was that Samling Group has reaffirmed
their support for Otto Marine and will inject fresh working capital into Otto
Marine.

With respect to the Letter of Support, Michael has gone through it. The
wording seems okay, he will arrange for the process to be expedited.

[emphasis added in bold]

As is apparent from the reproduced extract, OML was to fall under the Samling
Energy Group which specialised in the energy industry – Samling Energy is one
of several groups under the umbrella of the larger and diversified Samling
Group.

91 It is the plaintiffs’ position that by this time, there were already
several defaults on the part of the Charterers/the Guarantors which entitled
the plaintiffs to immediately terminate the BBCs and call upon the guarantees.
These were:

(a) the Charterers’/the Guarantors’ failure to make full and timely payment of
the charter hire due on 2 August 2016;

(b) the defendant’s failure to execute and/or to deliver the First Letters of
Support to the plaintiffs, which was a condition under the July 2016 Addenda
(and upon which they were premised); and

(c) the delisting of OML which, but for the July 2016 Addenda which in turn
was conditional upon the delivery of the First Letters of Support, would have
been an Event of Default.

92 Moreover, it is the plaintiffs’ case that Mr See (acting as the defendant’s
representative) had caused Mr Seah to send the 12 October 2016 email to the
plaintiffs and had allowed the representations in the email to continue so as
to induce the plaintiffs to forbear from immediately taking steps to enforce
their rights under the BBCs and/or the guarantees; and that this ploy
succeeded. In this context, the plaintiffs rely on the unchallenged evidence
of Mr Hong Xing that: (a) he relied upon the representations in the email and,
as a result, did not make recommendations to ICBCL’s management to adopt a
more aggressive approach against the Charterers/the Guarantors in respect of
the foregoing defaults; and (b) in the absence of these representations, he
would have recommended that the Charterers/the Guarantors be treated as a
defaulting customer and for the plaintiffs to take steps (or threaten to take
steps) to enforce their rights under the BBCs/the guarantees and the First
Letters of Support.

93 On 14 October 2016, Mr Clarence Lun, the then General Counsel of OML,
forwarded copies of “revised” letters of support to Wikborg and Mr Hong Xing
for “further review”. Mr Lun stated that he had amended the wording from “best
endeavours” to “reasonable endeavours” as that would “suffice [for] the
purposes for the letter of support”. Mr Lun also suggested that provisions for
arbitration be included together with a “tiered dispute [resolution] clause
for mediation”. In passing, we should note that this is the same Mr Lun who
has also acted as counsel on behalf of the defendant in these proceedings.

94 That same day, on 14 October 2016, Wikborg replied stating that the “drafts
were in agreed form”, and that ICBCL was “not accepting any changes”. Mr See,
who had been copied to this correspondence, then intervened, noting that the
form was “like a guarantee”, but it “[had] been clear that it should not be a
guarantee but [a] mere support letter”. Mr See forwarded this correspondence
to the defendant, who had previously not been party to the correspondence,
informing him: “Fyi … We are pushing back on wordings”. Wikborg replied to Mr
See, stating that the First Letters of Support were not worded as a guarantee
and requested that Stephenson Harwood advise OML accordingly.

95 On 17 October 2016, Mr Hong Xing replied to the correspondence confirming
the position taken by Wikborg. He stated the following:

The Letter of Support is the CP of the Otto delisting, we have submitted the
agreed form before signing other documents, as agreed by both parties, it
should be signed two months ago and dated immediately upon delisting.

any changes to the letter of support [are] unacceptable.

96 On 18 October 2016, Mr Lun sent an email to Wikborg and Mr See with copies
to inter alios Mr Hong Xing referring to the fact that Wikborg had highlighted
in their email that the First Letters of Support were “… essentially a letter
from Mr Yaw to confirm that he will support [OML] and its related subsidiaries
and is not enforceable as a personal guarantee per se”. Mr Lun then stated
that “[f]ollowing your confirmation, we have no further issues or queries”.

97 Further defaults followed with the Charterers/the Guarantors defaulting on
the 2 November 2016 charter hire instalments. Various emails were sent by Mr
Hong Xing and Ms Cao Jiangxin in this regard to Mr See and Ms Chong. Thus, for
example, on 3 November 2016, Ms Cao Jiangxin sent Mr See an email reminding
him that the main reason why the plaintiffs had consented to the delisting was
for the defendant to provide financial support to the Charterers/OML so that
payments to the plaintiffs would be made punctually. The email states in this
regard:

We understand Otto fleet’s hard situation during the downturn, this is the
reason why we agreed to rent reduction a[n]d delisting application. Indeed,
the three [vessels] are hard to get long term contract or sold under current
market, thus, the main purpose of delisting is Mr Yaw’s capital support could
help Otto’s operation situation include pay lessor’s charter hire on time.
ICBCL risk management department and decision level also see pay on time as an
important signal that Otto can execute contract better after delisting.

[emphasis added in bold]

No substantive response to this email was ever received.

98 It is apparent that by 10 November 2016 the defendant had in fact signed
the First Letters of Support, as scanned copies of the signed First Letters of
Support were sent to the defendant, Mr See and Mr Ooi for their records. It is
not disputed, however, that these scans and the signed copies were never
delivered or handed over to the plaintiffs or ICBCL.

ICBCL asks that pending issues be settled urgently

99 On 24 November 2016 Mr Hong Xing wrote to Mr See referring to previous
discussions and stating that certain “issues are still pending” with a request
that he arrange for them to be “settled urgently”. The pending issues were
listed as: (a) the Deposit to be paid within 60 days from the delisting, ie,
before 6 December 2016; (b) the First Letters of Support to be signed by the
defendant and dated immediately upon the delisting; and (c) payment of the
charter hire due on 2 November 2016.

100 On 5 December 2016, Ms Chong replied on OML’s behalf. She described the
depressed market outlook for the industry and proposed that certain changes be
made:

… the market outlook for the industry is persistently depressed and cash flow
remains stretched and challenged. We thank you for your continued support and
indulgence.

In connection with your concerns, we would appreciate if you can consider the
following proposed solutions:-

1、As the market outlook and industry dynamics remain extremely challenged, we
remain financially challenged and hence we implore you to allow us to relook
into the payment of the deposit of USD7,000,000.

2、Mr Yaw has signed the letter of support. Our lawyer is conducting the final
review of the letter to ensure that the contents and format are in accordance
to what has been agreed with you. As we are all travelling, we will ensure
that you receive it by end of this month.

3、As an update, Go Phoenix and Go Perseus are not working. Only Go Pegasus is
working. We have received the Go Pegasus charter and is in the process of
remitting to you the instalment in connection with the charter collected.

We are grateful for your continued support and indulgence.

101 On 7 December 2016, Mr Hong Xing responded rejecting the proposal and
stating in material part:

It is Otto’s obligation to pay charter hire and deposit on time as per
contract, otherwise, it will definitely damage our trust to [sic] Otto Marine
and Mr Yaw.

We would like to emphasise again that this transaction is not pure asset based
finance, it is guaranteed by Otto Marine group and support by Mr Yaw, the
charter hire shall be paid whether Go Phoenix and Go Perseus are working or
not.

The main reason we accept delisting of Otto is Mr Yaw promised to inject SGD
143M capital, and we have been promised the USD 7,000,000 deposit will be
included in the capital injection. Could you confirm whether the capital
injection has been received and the breakdown of use of proceeds.

Regarding the letter of support, it has been agreed by both party that it will
be signed and dated on the delisting date which was 6th Oct, 2016, please
provide the signed one to Wikborg Singapore soon, if it can not be provided
before our meeting next week (15th Dec), we would like to invite Wikborg
Singapore to witness the signing of the letter during our meeting with Mr Yaw
next week.

Meanwhile, since Otto Marine is not listing company any more, we can not get
enough information from your website, so it is strongly request[ed] [that] the
financial report shall be sent to us soon when it is ready, and any material
news related to Otto shall [sic] let us know soon.

We understand it will be long time to go through the downturn of offshore
industry, so it is very important to build trust with both part[ies], any
charter hire shall be paid on time unless it is agreed by both part[ies], this
is the only way to get understanding and further support from our credit
committee in the future.

[emphasis in original]

The question as to the financial position of OML and the defendant at this
time is a critical part of this case. So far as relevant, we deal with this
below when considering the plaintiffs’ case with regard to the defendant’s
obligations.

102 On 9 December 2016, by email to a number of people including Mr See and Mr
Lun, ICBCL requested OML to scan a copy of the signed First Letters of Support
(referred to in this communication as “the signed letters of undertaking”) and
to have the originals sent by courier to ICBCL “soonest possible”. An
alternative suggestion was made for ICBCL to collect the First Letters of
Support that afternoon. The reference to the term “undertaking” appears to
have concerned OML and it then sought an opinion from Mr Lun as to whether the
First Letters of Support were in fact letters of undertaking.

103 On 12 December 2016, ICBCL sought an “update” from OML as to the status of
the delivery of the First Letters of Support. On 15 December 2016, Wikborg
again requested that the scanned copies of the First Letters of Support
(although described again in the email as “letters of undertaking”) be sent
urgently to them. Mr See directed Wikborg to take up the matter with Mr Lun.
On 16 December 2016 Wikborg wrote to Mr Lun, asking that he “immediately scan
copies of the [First Letters of Support]” [emphasis in original] to them. Mr
Lun did not respond immediately but an email in evidence records that he did
pick up a call from Wikborg on 19 December 2016.

104 On 21 December 2016, Mr Lun wrote to Wikborg seeking further clarification
on the First Letters of Support. He was concerned about the use of the term
“letters of undertaking” and stated OML’s position that “the letters are
merely a letter of comfort and do not have any legal obligation”. He indicated
that OML would like to “enquire on the purpose and intent of the letter”
before it released the First Letters of Support.

December 2016 Meeting

105 On 15 December 2016, representatives of ICBCL, including Mr Hong Xing and
Ms Cao Jiangxin, had a meeting with the defendant and Mr See in Singapore.
During the meeting, the former’s representatives expressed their concerns
that, despite the defendant’s earlier representations that he would inject
funds into OML and that those funds would be used to fulfil the
Charterers’/the Guarantors’ payment obligations under the BBCs/the guarantees,
there remained approximately US$10.05m outstanding as of the date of the
meeting. Mr Hong Xing and Ms Cao Jiangxin demanded inter alia that the
defendant furnish the plaintiffs with the First Letters of Support without
further delay and provide long-term solutions such as asset
replacement/refinancing of the debts of OML by using other assets and
properties owned by the defendant personally, whether in Malaysia or
elsewhere. The defendant agreed to the above and assured Mr Hong Xing and Ms
Cao Jiangxin of his continued support for the OM Group.

106 During the meeting, the defendant and Mr See explained in detail the
current financial and operating conditions which caused OML’s financial
pressure and promised to pay part of the outstanding amount in the current
month, while also requesting for partial waiver of default interests. They
also advised that OML owed the banks an aggregate of US$290m, of which 60% was
owed to OCBC and the balance to the two other banks, namely DBS and UOB. The
defendant and Mr See stated that OML had appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers
(“PwC”) to prepare a restructuring plan for its current bank debts. They also
said that OML “ha[d] a total of 43 vessels, 10 of which are free from
encumbrance[s] at [that time]”; that “the current utilisation ratio of the 46
vessels [of OML was] 56%”; that there was approximately a 50% resignation rate
of OML’s managerial personnel; and that the remaining employees had accepted
an average salary cut of 20% to save costs.

107 The defendant and Mr See also said that the utilisation rate of Go Phoenix
in 2016 was 30% whilst the utilisation rate of Go Pegasus in the same year was
100%. The third vessel, Go Perseus, had been “put on sale” at a price of
US$60m with a potential purchaser from Norway having been identified. ICBCL
commented that if OML was unable to give a deadline for the sale, it would
look for other purchasers concurrently.

108 The record of the meeting included the following:

The substantial shareholder of Otto Marine provides SGD143 million for the
privatisation, of which SGD73 million will be used to repay debts due,
SGD36-38 million will be used to buy over shares from other shareholders,
USD3.05 million will be used to pay hires to ICBC and the remaining funds will
be used to pay salaries to more than 400 crew members (USD4-5 million per
month) and for fuel and other operating expenses. Otto Marine will prepare a
breakdown of payments and submit the same to us in the near future.

Otto Marine promise before completion of privatisation that the 3rd quarter
hire and USD7 million loan would be paid to us from the privatisation funds.
However, in practice, local lending banks and customers benefit from
geographical advantage and we do not have first priority in the repayment. We
highlight that we have communicated with local law firm and will instruct them
to carry out local collection of debts. Otto Marine shall pay sufficient
attention to the payment of hires to us. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The italicised words were changed from “will be” to “has been” as a
translation correction (Transcripts, 15 November 2019, pages 2 to 9).

109 The evidence of Mr Yang Changkun (which we accept) was that in reliance on
the representations made during this meeting, the plaintiffs did not take any
immediate enforcement action against the Charterers/the Guarantors.

The First Letters of Support are withheld

110 On 27 December 2016, Mr Lun sent an email to ICBCL stating that he had
“decided to hold back the release of the letters for now” and explained his
reasons. He suggested that ICBCL’s reference to the First Letters of Support
as a letter of “undertaking” demonstrated some “divergence” between the
parties’ understanding because OML’s position was that the First Letters of
Support were “merely letters of comfort”. Mr Lun stated:

… I have verily been informed that parties do not intend for the substantive
content of the letter to be a personal guarantee from Mr Yaw per se, or a
legally binding document wherein your clients will look to legal recourse
against Mr Yaw personally should the payment obligations not be met.

[emphasis added in bold]

111 In that email, Mr Lun also disclosed that he had separately sought formal
legal advice from a reputable law firm (ie, Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP
(“Dentons Rodyk”)) on the First Letters of Support. A copy of their written
advice (dated 23 December 2016), which was addressed to him, was attached as
an enclosure to a letter from Dentons Rodyk to Mr Lun. In particular, the
advice considered the nature of the obligation to use “best endeavours” in
light of the decision of the Court of Appeal in KS Energy Services Ltd v BR
Energy (M) Sdn Bhd [2014] 2 SLR 905 (“KS Energy”). The main conclusions are
set out in paragraph 11 of the letter from Dentons Rodyk in the following
terms:

In the present context, we think that it is more likely than not, that
extending a loan to the Charterer and/or Guarantor to enable them to meet
their obligations, provided that Mr Yaw has the means to do so, would be
something that he would probably have to undertake, barring good reasons why
he cannot do so. We think that in order for the ‘best endeavours’ clauses to
have bite, the Court would not allow Mr Yaw to entirely insulate his personal
wealth when it would be within his ability to loan monies to Guarantor and
Charterer to enable them to comply with their various obligations. Further,
bearing in mind that Mr Yaw does not play a very active management role in the
Guarantor and/or Charterer, and assuming that the Letters are provided on the
basis that he is the ultimate majority shareholder and on the strength of his
personal wealth, we think that the Letters must be construed as meaning that
he would use his best endeavours to provide support, by drawing on his
personal wealth to do so, should this become necessary to procure the
liquidity/solvency of the Guarantor and/or Charterer to meet their obligations
(or by taking other such steps as he is able to, in order to procure
compliance). It is also our view that the [sic] barring any circumstances
(which we are not instructed of) which would show that parties did not
contemplate that Mr Yaw may have to make personal financial sacrifices in
order to provide the required support, that the best endeavours that he would
have to make, would include him having to make personal financial sacrifices.

[emphasis added in italics; additional emphasis in bold italics]

112 In his covering email, Mr Lun suggested that this advice seemed to be
“contrary to the intent between the parties” and he made the following
proposals:

I understand the long-standing relationship between parties, and the time
endowed to build up such trust. If the intention between the parties, as
agreed are that Mr Yaw will support the company, I propose that we reword the
content of the letter in accordance with parties[’] intention. Alternatively,
we will be privileged if you could write a formal letter to confirm that the
letter of support is merely a letter of comfort to confirm that Mr Yaw will
support the company and there is no legal recourse against him personally.

I trust you understand my position and where I am coming from, and I hope that
the trust and goodwill built up between parties will allow parties to reach a
swift and amicable resolution towards this issue. Please accept my most
sincere apologies that I have held back from supplication of the documents for
the present moment.

113 Mr Lun also requested ICBCL to write a letter to confirm that “the content
of the letter does not require Mr Yaw to draw on his personal wealth to fulfil
the financial obligations and/or that [ICBCL] will not call on the letter to
bring proceedings against Mr Yaw personally”. During discussions with ICBCL,
Mr Lun suggested that he would propose some amended wording by 5 January 2017.
On 5 January 2017 ICBCL wrote to Mr Lun noting that his amendments had not
been received and asked him to “revert”. However, he did not do so. As stated
above and at the risk of repetition, the First Letters of Support had, in
fact, already been signed by the defendant by then – but they were never
delivered to the plaintiffs or ICBCL.

ICBCL issues letters of demand

114 On 6 January 2017, ICBCL, through its solicitors Rajah & Tann Singapore
LLP (“Rajah & Tann”), issued letters of demand to OML, demanding that it make
payment of the outstanding charter hire for the period of 2 November 2016 to 2
February 2017 for the vessels, as well as the Deposit, which had been due 60
days from the delisting on 6 December 2016 in respect of the Go Perseus BBC.

115 Even as the charter hire to ICBCL remained outstanding, however, emails
disclosed in these proceedings reveal that the defendant was nevertheless
remitting funds to other business ventures that belonged to him. One of these
was a payment of at least A$100,000 to Balamara Resources Limited
(“Balamara”), a company in which the defendant had an interest (we elaborate
on Balamara at [311] and [334] below). Separately, the defendant was also
collaborating with his brother, Yaw Chee Ming, and his cousin, Joseph Lau, to
submit a bid for United Engineers Limited, a Singapore listed company. In a
similar tenor, evidence was also adduced showing that OML and/or the defendant
had access to multiple other funds sources during this period of time which
could have been, but were not, drawn on to satisfy outstanding charter hire
payments. So far as relevant, we deal with these in greater detail below in
our analysis on the defendant’s alleged breaches of his best endeavours
obligations (see inter alia [219] and [220] below).

February 2017 meeting

116 On 14 February 2017, a team from OML comprising Mr See and one Ms See Hui
Shan attended a meeting with ICBCL in Beijing to discuss arrangements for
payment of outstanding charter hire and the current financial and operating
conditions of OML. The OML team indicated that it had appointed PwC to prepare
a bank debt restructuring plan, which involved four banks and financial
institutions accounting for 80% of OML’s total debt. ICBCL, for its part,
proposed that there be a debt swap, noting that ICBC has overseas branches in
Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam and other countries where the defendant’s family
had properties. During the meeting, Mr See requested a yet further reduction
in charter hire rates.

117 Thereafter, there were numerous further meetings, discussions and
negotiations between the parties’ representatives which culminated in the
execution of further Addenda to the BBCs in September 2017 (see [142] below)
and the execution of a second set of letters of support (see [140] below).
Nothing much turns on the intervening events but we summarise them below for
the sake of completeness.

118 On 21 February 2017, Mr See wrote to Mr Hong Xing summarising the three
critical points of the 14 February 2017 meeting: (a) that the overdue charter
hire due on 2 November 2016 and 2 February 2017 had to be “settled” as soon as
possible; (b) that the Deposit could be deferred only if the overdue charter
hire was paid; and (c) that ICBCL was open to discussing the restructuring of
the charter hire to a lower rate for the next three years, but only if the
charter hire already outstanding was paid. Mr See made two proposals for
ICBCL’s consideration viz (a) that ICBCL extend a short-term loan to the
defendant personally, which the defendant would then use to pay the
outstanding charter hire; and (b) that ICBCL restructures the charter hire
rates for the vessels.

March 2017 meetings

119 On 3 March 2017, ICBCL’s Malaysian Branch held a meeting with the
defendant. ICBCL’s log of this meeting records that the defendant “introduced
the situations of the companies under his name, saying that when [OML]
delisted last year, he provided SGD143 million, and that cash flow was
currently tight”. The meeting log records that the defendant intended to
obtain financing from ICBCL’s Malaysia Branch, with the proceeds used to pay
the outstanding charter hire and future charter hire payments. ICBCL’s
Malaysia Branch indicated that it was willing to provide financing to the
Samling Group, but the personal credit of the defendant alone would be
insufficient. The branch would only co-operate with companies with good cash
flow under the defendant’s name.

120 On 9 March 2017, Mr Hong Xing and Mr Yang Changkun attended a meeting with
Mr See in Singapore. Mr See updated then that charters had been found for the
vessels, which would assist in payments of the charter hire due to ICBCL. In
addition, the meeting log recorded by Mr Hong Xing indicates that according to
Mr See, the defendant intended to obtain financing of US$20m from ICBCL’s
Malaysian Branch through a company within the Samling Forestry Group, which
would be used to pay the charter hire due to ICBCL.

121 On 21 March 2017, one Mr Yang Yuguo, a Vice President of ICBCL, met the
defendant in Kuala Lumpur. The defendant is recorded in the meeting log to
have said that given the severe market downturn, the business of the OM Group
faced an “unprecedented challenge”. The defendant noted that although many
marine enterprises had opted to deal with the market downturn by way of
bankruptcy protection, he and his family paid “great attention to long-term
good cooperation relationship with financial institution[s] including
[ICBCL]”; “[a]s such, [the defendant] decided to provide SGD143 million
personally to privatize [OML], and repaid bonds and part of the debts”. The
defendant acknowledged, however, that the severity of the downturn had
exceeded his forecasts, and that OML “had been unable to maintain normal
operation after delisting”. He had therefore appointed PwC to draft a
restructuring plan, with negotiations with the major financing banks of OML in
the final stages and expected to complete by April 2017. Under this
restructuring plan, there would be a fund deficiency of US$50m in the coming
three years, but the defendant promised that “he [would] continue to support
[OML] and provide the amount of USD50 million”.

Presentations made referring to OML as part of the Samling Energy Group

122 On 23 March 2017, the defendant wrote to Mr See and one Edmond Wang (“Mr
Wang”) attaching a presentation that his brother would be making to the “very
top government officers” in Kuching at the end of the month. The government
officials were interested to form a consortium to undertake oil and gas
business headed by a local Sarawak company, and the defendant indicated that
he wanted the presentation to “start with Hyoil’s portfolio to show our
ability to develop oil field to production” Hyoil Pte Ltd (“Hyoil”) is a
company under the Samling Energy Group involved in exploration and production
projects in Indonesia; the defendant has substantial interest in Hyoil, and we
elaborate on this below at [347]. The defendant asked that Mr See and Mr Wang
review this presentation. Each of the presentation slides bore the Samling
Energy Group logo at the bottom right hand corner; the third slide also
indicated “Otto Marine Limited/Go Marine Group/Cash Atlas” under the heading
“Samling Energy Group”, and the tenth slide had pictures and short
descriptions of the vessels under the heading “Some of Our Operated Fleet”.

123 On 9 April 2017, Mr See sent an email to one Frankie Toh concerning a
possible partnership between OML and High Seas Marine & Industrial Services Co
Ltd. In this email, Mr See wrote: “[a]s you are aware, we are part of the
esteem [sic] and reputed Malaysia conglomerate Samling [Energy] Group”.

ICBCL issues fresh letters of demand

124 On 2 May 2017, ICBCL issued fresh letters of demand to OML, demanding
payment of the outstanding charter hire for the period of 2 November 2016 to 2
August 2017 for the vessels, as well as the Deposit.

125 OML made a fresh proposal to restructure its debts with the plaintiffs. On
5 May 2017, Mr Jason Goh, Group CFO of OML (“Mr Goh”) sent Mr Hong Xing a
draft set of slides containing OML’s company and industry updates, as well as
the company’s proposal.

126 On 9 May 2017, Mr Hong Xing replied indicating that ICBCL would not
consider any proposal unless the outstanding charter hires were paid, and that
ICBCL would only “revert” on the proposal “when the outstanding charterhires
[were] paid”.

127 On 11 May 2017, ICBCL’s lawyers served further letters of demand for
payment. These were substantially the same as the letters of demand served on
2 May 2017, but with the insertion of the following on the top right hand
corner of the first page:

STATUTORY DEMAND PURSAUNT TO SECTION 254(2)(a) OF THE COMPANIES ACT (CAP. 50)

NB: This demand must be dealt with within 3 weeks after its service on you or
a winding-up order could be made in respect of you.

ICBCL demands the defendant to perform his obligations under the First Letters
of Support

128 On 2 June 2017, Rajah & Tann wrote to the defendant demanding that he
perform his obligations under the First Letters of Support stating in material
part:

10\. Both the Charterers and Guarantor have breached their obligations under
the Bareboat Charterparties and Guarantees by, inter alia, failing to pay the
outstanding charter hires for the period of 2 November 2016 to 2 August 2017
and default interest thereon (the “Outstanding Hire”). Despite our clients’
repeated requests and demands for payments of the Outstanding Hire, the
Charterers and Guarantor have to-date unreasonably failed, refused, and/or
neglected to make payment of the sums as claimed forthwith. …

11\. In the premises, and pursuant to the terms of the Letters of Support, we
hereby demand for you to immediately put the Charterers and Guarantor in funds
such that they are able to make payment of the Outstanding Hire to our
clients. We further demand that you provide proof of remittance and/or
transfer of funds by you to the Charters and Guarantor by no later than 9 June
2017.

[emphasis in bold and bold underlines in original]

June 2017 meeting

129 On 16 June 2017, a team from OML, led by Mr See, gave a presentation to
ICBCL. Mr See explained that OML was actively carrying out debt restructuring
and obtaining new funding. In particular, OML was actively seeking the support
of its substantial shareholder, the defendant, “to obtain financing from ICBC
overseas branches, secured against the other assets of the family of [the
defendant], for use as payment for the outstanding hires to [ICBCL]”. In
response, ICBCL highlighted the importance of timely payment of outstanding
charter hires, and noted that it had issued demands through its lawyers to OML
and the defendant requiring payment of charter hire, with the possibility of
further legal action if no payment was received.

130 On 19 June 2017, notes of this meeting prepared by Mr Goh were emailed to
the defendant. Mr Goh reported to the defendant that all outstanding charter
hire had to be paid, otherwise ICBCL would not be able to accept the new
proposed daily charter hire rate of US$6,000. In addition, Mr Goh reported
that ICBCL had also emphasised that it was “critical” that some payments be
made by June 2017.

131 On 27 June 2017, Mr See wrote to the defendant informing him that ICBCL
had responded indicating that it was agreeable to a reduction in the daily
charter hire rate, but ICBCL’s Credit Department required further assurance in
the form of a personal guarantee from the defendant for any outstanding
charter hire moving forward, and additional security, given that OML had
failed to comply with the key terms of the last restructuring that (a) the
charter hire be paid on time; (b) the Deposit be paid; and (c) the First
Letters of Support be executed and delivered to ICBCL.

Change in the terms of the Otto Project

132 On 19 July 2017, ICBCL’s Marine Engineering Risk Asset Management Group
put forward a proposal to its management to change the charter arrangements
for the vessels. It was proposed that the parent company of OML, Ocean
International, provide an additional mortgage with collateral of at least
US$14m in value. After repeated negotiations the parties agreed that the
Bintulu Hotel (as defined at [13] above), a four-star hotel in Sawarak, East
Malaysia (Plot No 1, Lot 3062, Jalan Tun Razak 97000) owned by companies
controlled by the defendant’s family, be mortgaged. The outstanding charter
hire amounting to approximately US$6,864,511 would also be deducted from OML’s
seller’s credit for the vessels. In addition, daily charter hire would be
reduced to US$5,000 for each vessel, and the charter hire would be paid
monthly instead of quarterly.

133 A property valuation obtained for the Bintulu Hotel indicated a market
value of RM70m, and a forced sale value of RM49m.

ICBCL issues further demands for payment

134 On 15 August 2017, ICBCL issued further letters of demand to OML,
demanding payment of the outstanding charter hire for the period of 2 November
2016 to 1 November 2017 for the vessels, as well as the Deposit.

ICBCL continues to chase for the executed First Letters of Support

135 On 18 August 2017, Mr Hong Xing wrote to Mr Goh, emphasising that the
First Letters of Support had to be signed by the defendant and provided to
ICBCL urgently. He stated that ICBCL had been very patient with OML as regards
the charter hire which had been outstanding since November 2016, and was
trying to find a compromise solution that could be approved by its credit
committee, but this was challenging as it would be the third restructuring in
two years. He further stated that ICBCL would need the signed First Letters of
Support “to show [the defendant’s] support” to the credit committee.

136 On 21 August 2017, Mr Goh replied attaching copies of (what purported to
be) the First Letters of Support informing Mr Hong Xing that the originals
were held in escrow with OML’s counsel pending completion of the current
transaction.

137 On 1 September 2017, Mr Hong Xing responded. He objected to the contents
of the letters of support sent by Mr Goh, noting pertinently that:

We note that the letters of support executed by Mr. Yaw are not on the wording
we have provided. Moreover, the letters were signed by Mr Yaw but were not
sealed, and the originals of those letters have not been delivered to us.
Further, the letters were executed before Mr Yaw’s personal assistant, Ms
Cheryl Tan, instead of a lawyer or commissioner for oaths.

138 On 7 September 2017, ICBCL’s legal department followed up with an email to
Mr Goh pointing out that the signed copy by the defendant was “substantially
different from the draft provided by [ICBCL]”, and that “[s]ome clause[s]
required by [ICBCL] [had] been deleted by [OML]”. They attached a copy of the
relevant letters of support marking out in yellow highlight all differences
between the two versions of the letters.

139 On 18 September 2017, OML’s then legal counsel, one Mr Mark Ortega (“Mr
Ortega”), replied that he had not seen ICBCL’s draft before but indicated that
OML was “agreeable to the wording of the draft with the differences
highlighted in yellow”. Even so, however, by 26 September 2017 the signed
First Letters of Support had not been sent to ICBCL; Mr Hong Xing thus sent an
email to Mr Ortega and Mr Goh on that date indicating that the First Letters
of Support were “one of the most important [conditions precedent] for the
amendments, [ICBCL] can not move forward without it”.

The Second Letters of Support

140 On 27 September 2017, Mr Ortega sent to ICBCL the signed letters of
support; these letters of support (ie, the Second Letters of Support) were
signed by the defendant in the presence of a lawyer and were all dated 26
September 2017. As signed by the defendant, the Second Letters of Support were
all in substantially identical form to the First Letters of Support save for
the following key changes:

(a) in the second unnumbered paragraph, the addition of the words “This Letter
shall not be construed as a guarantee and/or an indemnity”;

(b) in clause 3, the addition of the words “(but shall in no way guarantee)”
on the fourth line; and

(c) the addition of a new clause 7 which provided as follows:

7\. The terms of this Letter shall take effect retrospectively from 7 October
2016, and the parties shall be entitled to enforce their rights and
obligations under the Letter from that date.

The Second Letters of Support have been reproduced at [6] above.

141 ICBCL’s Marine Engineering Risk Asset Management Group sent a request on
27 September 2017 to its Marine Engineering Risk Asset Leadership Group,
titled “Request for Execution of Supplementary Document to Charterparty with
[OML]”. This request reflected the terms negotiated with OML, which included:
(a) accumulated unpaid charter hire for the vessels for the period 2 November
2016 to 1 August 2017 being deducted from OML’s seller’s credit; (b) actual
daily charter hire for each vessel being reduced to US$5,000, with the
difference between this quantum and the original charter hire being deducted
from OML’s seller’s credit; (c) the charter period for each vessel being
extended by two years; (d) the charter hire being paid on a monthly basis; (e)
the Bintulu Hotel being mortgaged to ICBCL’s project company (ie, the
plaintiffs) as collateral, for an amount of US$14m; (f) OML having the right
to repurchase the vessels early at a stipulated repurchase price; and (g)
provision by the defendant of the signed letters of support (ie, the Second
Letters of Support), “undertaking that his shareholdings in [OML] shall not be
less than 70% during the charter period, and [that] he [would] use his best
endeavours to support [OML] to pay rental to [ICBCL]”.

September 2017 Addenda

142 On 29 September 2017, further Addenda were entered into between each of
the plaintiffs and OML (the “September 2017 Addenda”). These were,
respectively, Addenda No 3 to the Go Perseus and Go Phoenix BBCs, and Addendum
No 4 to the Go Pegasus BBC. The principal terms of the September 2017 Addenda
were that the charter hire rates would be reduced even further, subject to
additional undertakings by the Charterers which included (a) the defendant’s
execution and delivery of the Second Letters of Support (which had been sent
to ICBCL on 27 September 2017 as noted above); and (b) as a condition
subsequent to the coming into effect of the amendments, the procuring by 31
October 2017 of a mortgage in favour of each of the plaintiffs in the amount
of US$14m over the Bintulu Hotel.

Attempts to obtain a mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel

143 Between 13 October 2017 and 18 October 2017, unsuccessful efforts were
made to obtain a mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel in favour of the plaintiffs.
In summary, there were difficulties in registering a fresh charge in favour of
the plaintiffs because an earlier mortgage in favour of Malayan Banking Berhad
(“Maybank”) had not been discharged. An update was given to ICBCL on 2
November 2017 that the charge was in the process of being discharged, with
OML’s lawyers waiting for the land titles to be released by Maybank. By 23
November 2017, the outstanding loan to Maybank had been settled. However, no
mortgage was registered in favour of the plaintiffs.

Go Marine enters voluntary administration

144 On 24 October 2017, Go Marine announced that it and its subsidiary, Go
Offshore Pty Ltd (Go Offshore Pty Ltd is an Australian registered company; not
to be confused with Go Offshore as defined at [3(b)] above), had initiated a
voluntary administration process in Australia. The voluntary administration
process was sparked largely by the failure to reach a deferred payment plan in
respect of overdue taxes with the Australian tax authorities. A report
prepared by ICBCL indicates that it wished to register a claim as a contingent
creditor in the administration of Go Marine arising from Go Marine’s guarantee
obligation for the Go Perseus BBC.

The first plaintiff terminates the Go Perseus BBC and demands that the
defendant perform his obligations under the Second Letters of Support

145 On 15 November 2017, the first plaintiff terminated the Go Perseus BBC
with immediate effect. A number of Events of Default were cited in the letter
of termination, including the failure to pay the instalments of charter hire
due on 2 February 2017, 2 May 2017, 2 August 2017 and 2 November 2017, and the
Deposit; as well as the fact that Go Marine had entered into administration.

146 On 20 November 2017, the first plaintiff wrote to the defendant to request
that he perform his obligations under the Second Letters of Support. That same
day the first plaintiff also wrote to OML demanding payment under the
guarantee it had issued in respect of the Go Perseus BBC.

147 Following termination, the outstanding amount due under the Go Perseus BBC
and the related guarantee issued by OML as of 20 November 2017 (the date of
the first plaintiff’s statutory demand to Go Offshore and OML), as submitted
by the plaintiffs, was as follows:

| Description| Amount (US$)  
---|---|---  
(a)| All Charter Hire due and payable but unpaid under the Go Perseus BBC up
to the Termination Date| $2,825,000  
(b)| Interest accrued on (a) from the due date of payment to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $124,857.81  
(c)| All balance Charter Hire due and payable under the Go Perseus BBC to the
end of the Charter Period if it was not terminated| $62,041,150  
(d)| Interests accrued on (c) from the Termination Date to-date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $84,987.88  
(e)| The Deposit| $7,000,000  
(f)| Interest accrued on (e) from the due date to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $669,315.07  
(g)| Any sums other than the Charter Hire due and payable under the Go Perseus
BBC| $197.51  
(h)| Interest accrued on (g) from the due date to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $20.73  
(i)| Costs, expenses, damages and losses incurred by the Owners to-date as a
consequence of this Charter having been terminated prior to the expiry of the
Charter Period| $7,614.31  
TOTAL AMOUNT| $72,753,143.31  
  
Shortly after, on 30 November 2017, Go Offshore filed an application to be
placed under judicial management in HC/OS 1340/2017. The application was
withdrawn at Go Offshore’s request on 20 February 2018. Go Offshore
subsequently made an application for a winding up order.

The second and third plaintiffs terminate the Go Phoenix and Go Pegasus BBCs

148 On 31 January 2018, the second and third plaintiffs terminated the Go
Phoenix and Go Pegasus BBCs respectively.

149 The outstanding amount due under the Go Phoenix BBC and the related
guarantee issued by OML to the second plaintiff as of 6 February 2018 (which
is the date when the second plaintiff issued a statutory demand to Otto Fleet
and OML), as submitted by the plaintiffs, was as follows:

| Description| Amount (US$)  
---|---|---  
(a)| All Charter Hire due and payable but unpaid under the Go Phoenix BBC up
to the Termination Date| $2,365,000.00  
(b)| Interest accrued on (a) from the due date of payment to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $169,241.37  
(c)| All balance Charter Hire due and payable under the Go Phoenix BBC to the
end of the Charter Period if it was not terminated| $42,421,600.00  
(d)| Interests accrued on (c) from the Termination Date to-date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $69,734.14  
(e)| Costs, expenses, damages and losses incurred by the Owners to-date as a
consequence of this Charter having been terminated prior to the expiry of the
Charter Period| $35,009.95  
TOTAL AMOUNT| $45,060,585.46  
  
150 The outstanding amount due under the Go Pegasus BBC and the related
guarantee issued by OML to the third plaintiff as of 6 February 2018 (which is
the date when the third plaintiff issued a statutory demand to Otto Fleet and
OML), as submitted by the plaintiffs, was as follows:

| Description| Amount (US$)  
---|---|---  
(a)| All Charter Hire due and payable but unpaid under the Go Pegasus BBC up
to the Termination Date| $6,679,114.00  
(b)| Interest accrued on (a) from the due date of payment to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $460,672.35  
(c)| All balance Charter Hire due and payable under the Go Pegasus BBC to the
end of the Charter Period if it was not terminated| $45,548,300.00  
(d)| Interests accrued on (c) from the Termination Date to-date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $74,873.92  
(e)| Costs, expenses, damages and losses incurred by the Owners to-date as a
consequence of this Charter having been terminated prior to the expiry of the
Charter Period| $35,009.97  
TOTAL AMOUNT| $52,797,970.24  
  
Mr See resigns from OML

151 Meanwhile, on 8 December 2017, Mr See wrote to the defendant thanking him
for his guidance over the 11 years he had worked in OML and informing him that
he wished to resign as CEO of OML, with his last day in office being 6
February 2018. A series of emails between him and the defendant shows that the
defendant was keen to retain him as an advisor. Pertinently, in an email sent
by the defendant to Mr See on 15 January 2018, the defendant told Mr See that
“as part of [his] role, [he] will still need to represent [the defendant] to
discuss, negotiate, if necessary, restructure and deal with various bankers in
[his] new capacity”.

ICBCL attempts to contact OML

152 The evidence discloses that OML became increasingly distant with ICBCL. On
24 January 2018, as part of its routine business operations, ICBCL wrote to Mr
Ooi seeking information from OML. An ICBCL representative stated that he had
attempted to call Mr Ooi’s office line several times but he had received no
answer; and OML’s front desk had given excuses that Mr Ooi was in a meeting on
each occasion. It is apparent that even by 23 February 2018, almost a month
later, OML was still avoiding ICBCL. A more strongly-worded email was sent by
ICBCL this time, indicating that OML’s actions since 2017 were not “friendly”,
and even now, in February 2018, the defendant and OML’s management were
“refusing to sit down to discuss with [ICBCL] about the current situation”.
ICBCL declared this to be “huge[ly] embarrassing and without any due respect
to [it]”.

The first plaintiff commences legal proceedings against OML

153 On 5 February 2018, the first plaintiff commenced proceedings against the
defendant for breaches of his obligations under the First and Second Letters
of Support.

OML enters judicial management

154 On 20 February 2018, OML filed an application to be placed under judicial
management in HC/OS 217/2018. On 21 March 2018, OML was placed under judicial
management.

The second and third plaintiffs commence legal proceedings

155 On 3 April 2018, the second and third plaintiffs commenced legal
proceedings against the defendant for breaches of his obligations under the
First and Second Letters of Support.

Summary chronology of events post termination of each of the BBCs

156 At the risk of some repetition, it is convenient to set out a summary
chronology of principal events following termination of each of the BBCs:

Go Perseus

15 November 2017 – Notice of Termination to Go Offshore

20 November 2017 – Statutory Demand to the Guarantors

20 November 2017 – Statutory Demand to Go Offshore

20 November 2017 – Letter of Demand issued to the defendant

30 November 2017 – Go Offshore’s application for judicial management in HC/OS
1340/2017 (“the JM application”)

5 February 2018 – Commencement of action against defendant

8 February 2018 – Go Offshore filed an affidavit to state that it intended to
withdraw the JM application

20 February 2018 – Leave granted to Go Offshore to withdraw the JM application

20 February 2018 – OML applied for judicial management

13 April 2018 – Go Offshore applied to be wound up

12 September 2018 – OML applied to be wound up

Go Phoenix

31 January 2018 – Notice of Termination to Otto Fleet

6 February 2018 – Statutory Demand to Otto Fleet

6 February 2018 – Statutory Demand to OML

8 February 2018 – Letter of Demand to the defendant

20 February 2018 – OML applied for judicial management

3 April 2018 – Commencement of action against defendant

12 September 2018 – OML applied to be wound up

8 October 2018 – Statutory Demand to Otto Fleet

10 July 2019 – Otto Fleet ordered to be wound up

Go Pegasus

31 January 2018 – Notice of Termination to Otto Fleet

6 February 2018 – Statutory Demand to Otto Fleet

6 February 2018 – Statutory Demand to OML

8 February 2018 – Letter of Demand to the defendant

20 February 2018 – OML applied for judicial management

3 April 2018 – Commencement of action against the defendant

12 September 2018 – OML applied to be wound up

8 October 2018 – Statutory Demand to Otto Fleet

10 July 2019 – Otto Fleet ordered to be wound up

Against this background, we turn to consider the three main claims advanced by
the plaintiffs.

Claim 1: Breaches of the best endeavours obligations contained in the First
and Second Letters of Support

157 As stated above, although the First Letters of Support were apparently
signed by the defendant some time prior to 10 November 2016, they were never
delivered or handed over to the plaintiffs. However, in our view, the latter
is of no significance because (a) in the Defence, the defendant does not
dispute that the First Letters of Support were valid and effective; and (b) it
is, in any event, common ground that the Second Letters of Support dated 27
September 2017 were ultimately signed by the defendant and delivered to the
plaintiffs, and that these Second Letters of Support expressly stated (by the
additional clause 7) that the terms “… shall take effect retrospectively from
7 October 2016, and the parties shall be entitled to enforce their rights and
obligations under the Letter from that date” [emphasis in original]. Thus, we
proceed on the basis that the parties are entitled to rely on their rights and
obligations under the Second Letters of Support as from 7 October 2016 (we
henceforth refer to these rights and obligations as those under “the Letters
of Support”).

158 The claims advanced by the plaintiffs under this head fall under two main
limbs viz:

(a) Amounts due under the BBCs up to the date of termination of each of the
BBCs (the “Pre-Termination Claims”)

In summary, the plaintiffs say that the defendant breached his best endeavours
obligations under the Letters of Support which breach(es) in turn caused the
Charterers/the Guarantors to commit various defaults of their respective
obligations under the BBCs/the guarantees, ie, among other things, the
Charterers/the Guarantors failed to make timely payment of the following sums
falling due under the BBCs to the plaintiffs during the pendency of the BBCs,
as set out in the table below.

Date| Sums payable to the plaintiffs under the BBCs  
---|---  
2 November 2016| Charter hire instalments of US$3,053,480  
6 December 2016| The Deposit (of US$7m) payable to the first plaintiff under
the Go Perseus BBC  
2 February 2017| Charter hire instalments of US$2,953,910  
2 May 2017| Charter hire instalments of US$3,053,480  
2 August 2017| Charter hire instalments of US$3,652,400  
2 November 2017| Charter hire instalments of US$3,652,400  
  
Against these sums, the amounts of charter hire due on 2 November 2016 and 2
February 2017 were subsequently reduced by sporadic payments made by
Charterers/the Guarantors. These payments and their significance will be
addressed below at the appropriate juncture (ie, in our discussion on the
issue of quantum).

(b)  Amounts due on termination of each of the BBCs (the “Termination
Amount(s)”), and failure of the defendant to procure funds to meet the
Termination Amounts

The amounts claimed under this head overlap with the previous limb and, as
claimed by the plaintiffs, are as follows:

(i) The Go Perseus Termination Amount as of 20 November 2017, ie, the date of
the first plaintiff’s statutory demand to Go Offshore and OML:

| Description| Amount (US$)  
---|---|---  
(a)| All charter hire due and payable but unpaid under the Go Perseus BBC up
to the Termination Date| $2,825,000  
(b)| Interest accrued on (a) from the due date of payment to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $124,857.81  
(c)| All balance charter hire due and payable under the Go Perseus BBC to the
end of the charter period if it was not terminated| $62,041,150  
(d)| Interests accrued on (c) from the Termination Date to-date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $84,987.88  
(e)| The Deposit| $7,000,000  
(f)| Interest accrued on (e) from the due date to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $669,315.07  
(g)| Any sums other than the charter hire due and payable under the Go Perseus
BBC| $197.51  
(h)| Interest accrued on (g) from the due date to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $20.73  
(i)| Costs, expenses, damages and losses incurred by the plaintiffs to-date as
a consequence of this charter having been terminated prior to the expiry of
the charter period| $7,614.31  
TOTAL AMOUNT| $72,753,143.31  
  
(Note: If the defendant had performed his best endeavours and procured the
payment of the Deposit and charter hire payments under the Go Perseus BBC, the
total amount payable upon termination would have been US$62,133,970.43.)

(ii) The Go Phoenix Termination Amount as of 6 February 2018, ie, the date of
the second plaintiff’s statutory demand to Otto Fleet and OML:

| Description| Amount (US$)  
---|---|---  
(a)| All charter hire due and payable but unpaid under the Go Phoenix BBC up
to the Termination Date| $2,365,000.00  
(b)| Interest accrued on (a) from the due date of payment to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $169,241.37  
(c)| All balance charter hire due and payable under the Go Phoenix BBC to the
end of the charter period if it was not terminated| $42,421,600.00  
(d)| Interests accrued on (c) from the Termination Date to-date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $69,734.14  
(e)| Costs, expenses, damages and losses incurred by the plaintiffs to-date as
a consequence of this charter having been terminated prior to the expiry of
the charter period| $35,009.95  
TOTAL AMOUNT| $45,060,585.46  
  
(Note: If the defendant had performed his best endeavours and procured the
payment of the Deposit and charter hire payments under the Go Phoenix BBC, the
total amount payable upon termination would have been US$42,526,344.09.)

(iii) The Go Pegasus Termination Amount as of 6 February 2018, ie, the date of
the third plaintiff’s statutory demand to Otto Fleet and OML:

| Description| Amount (US$)  
---|---|---  
(a)| All charter hire due and payable but unpaid under the Go Pegasus BBC up
to the Termination Date| $6,679,114.00  
(b)| Interest accrued on (a) from the due date of payment to the Termination Date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $460,672.35  
(c)| All balance charter hire which shall become due and payable under the Go
Pegasus BBC to the end of the Charter Period if it was not terminated|
$45,548,300.00  
(d)| Interests accrued on (c) from the Termination Date to-date at the rate of 10% p.a. | $74,873.92  
(e)| Costs, expenses, damages and losses incurred by the plaintiffs to-date as
a consequence of this charter having been terminated prior to the expiry of
the charter period| $35,009.97  
TOTAL AMOUNT| $52,797,970.24  
  
(Note: If the defendant had performed his best endeavours and procured the
payment of the Deposit and charter hire payments under the Go Pegasus BBC, the
total amount payable upon termination would have been US$45,658,183.89.)

In relation to each of the above claims for the Termination Amount under each
of the BBCs, the plaintiffs say that the defendant committed yet further
breaches of his best endeavours obligations by failing to take any steps
towards procuring funds for the Charterers/the Guarantors to meet these
Termination Amounts.

The proper construction of the Letters of Support

The parties’ submissions on the construction of the Letters of Support

159 There was common ground between the parties as to the general principles
of construction as laid down in a number of recent cases and as summarised,
for example, by the Court of Appeal in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [131]
and in England by Popplewell J in Lukoil Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Ocean Tankers
(Pte) Ltd [2018] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 654. These principles are now so well known
that we do not need to repeat them. However, we should mention that although
the Letters of Support were subject to English Law, the parties did not run
any arguments or lead any evidence showing that there is any difference
between Singapore law and English law on the principles of construction. We
have therefore proceeded to apply Singapore law.

160 There was much greater controversy as to the nature and precise scope of
the defendant’s obligations under the Letters of Support.

161 On the plaintiffs’ side, they summarised their position as follows:

(a) The Letters of Support were intended to provide the plaintiffs with
financial assurance just short of a personal guarantee issued by the
defendant.

(b) Consistent with this, the overarching purpose under the Letters of Support
(which the defendant was to exercise his best endeavours to procure) was the
performance of the Charterers’/OML’s and Go Marine’s obligations
(particularly, towards payment) under the BBCs/the guarantees. In furtherance
of this purpose, the Letters of Support prescribed five other specific
purposes (as listed at paragraph 160 of the plaintiffs’ factual closing
submissions) which the defendant was to procure concurrently using his best
endeavours.

(c) The exercise of best endeavours under the Letters of Support required the
defendant to:

(i) Do everything reasonable in good faith to procure the contractual outcome;
including taking all reasonable steps which a prudent and determined man,
acting in the obligee’s interest and anxious to procure the outcome, would
take.

(ii) This included using his personal financial resources (including obtaining
financial support of the Samling Group and leveraging on his connections with
the Samling Group) to achieve the purposes under the Letters of Support.

(iii) Concomitantly, where required, the defendant was obligated to sacrifice
his personal financial interests to achieve these purposes.

(d) In support of the foregoing, the plaintiffs sought to rely upon certain
matters by way of a “factual matrix”. This included the advice received by the
defendant from Dentons Rodyk in late 2016 (see [111] above) to the effect that
“…the [the defendant] would use his best endeavours to provide support, by
drawing on his personal wealth to do so should this become necessary to
procure liquidity/solvency of OML and/or the Charterers to meet their
obligations (or by taking such steps as he is able to, in order to procure
compliance)… [and] would include him having to make personal financial
sacrifices.”

(e) The defendant’s best endeavours obligations under the Letters of Support
came into effect on 7 October 2016 (the date of OML’s delisting) and continued
in force notwithstanding the entry into judicial management and/or winding up
of the Charterers/OML.

162 In support of the foregoing and with particular regard to the scope and
nature of a “best endeavours” obligation, the plaintiffs summarised the
applicable legal principles to be distilled from the authorities as follows:

(a) A best endeavours undertaking requires the obligor to do everything
reasonable in good faith to procure the contractual outcome; including taking
all reasonable steps which a prudent and determined man, acting in the
obligee’s interest and anxious to procure the outcome, would take (IBM United
Kingdom Ltd v Rockware Glass Ltd [1980] FSR 335 (“IBM”) at 345; KS Energy
([111] supra) at [46] and [94]).

(b) Non-absolute obligations, such as “best endeavours” obligations serve a
useful commercial purpose. It is common to encounter situations where an
obligor may not be in a position to ensure that the contractually-stipulated
outcome is procured, but the obligee requires some assurance that its
interests are protected, and that the obligor will not surreptitiously
prioritise other goals. Best endeavours obligations ensure that the obligor’s
and obligee’s interests are aligned by contract, by requiring the obligor to
take all reasonable steps necessary to procure the contractually-stipulated
outcome: KS Energy at [94].

(c) It is not a promise merely to act if and to the extent that it is in
conformity with the obligor’s arrangements: Gaia Ventures Ltd v Abbeygate
Helical (Leisure Plaza) Ltd [2019] EWCA Civ 823 at [81].

(d) What constitutes best endeavours in each case is a fact-sensitive exercise
and, like any other contractual clause, must be interpreted contextually
taking into account the surrounding factual matrix (Jet2.com v Blackpool
Airport [2012] EWCA Civ 417 (“Jet2”) at [41], KS Energy at [44]).

(e) The fact that the contract contains a deadline as to when the task is to
be completed does not mean the obligation to use best endeavours ends then.
The date should be understood to be a target and not a cut-off for the
obligation (Astor Management AG and another v Atalaya Mining plc and others
[2017] EWHC 425 (Comm) (“Astor”) at [75] and [76]).

(f) Generally, the best endeavours obligor must subordinate his financial
interests to obtaining the contractual result. Whether and, if so, the degree
to which the obligor can take his own commercial interests into account
depends on the nature and terms of the contract (K Lewison, The Interpretation
of Contracts (Sweet and Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2015) (“Lewison”) at pp 769 and 771
and Jet2 at [35]).

(g) Where certain steps are specifically stipulated as part of the exercise of
best endeavours, they have to be taken even if they require the sacrifice of a
party’s commercial interest: Rhodia International Holdings Ltd and another v
Huntsman International Llc [2007] EWHC 292 (Comm) at [35] (in the less
stringent context of “reasonable endeavours”).

(h) The status quo prior to the assumption of the best endeavours obligation
is important. If an act was already being done, a justifiable explanation
needs to be given for cutting back on the status quo after the assumption of
the best endeavours obligations (at [72]).

(i) An obligor cannot sit back and say it could not reasonably have done more
where, if it had asked the obligee, it might have discovered other steps to be
taken (KS Energy at [93(d)] citing EDI Central Limited v National Car Parks
Limited [2011] SLT 75 (“EDI”) at [59]).

(j) If an obligee can point to steps which the obligor could have taken, the
burden of proof shifts to the obligor to show that (a) it took those steps,
(b) those steps were not reasonably required or (c) those steps would have
been bound to fail (KS Energy at [93(e)] and EDI at [59]).

163 As for the defendant, he accepted that he was under a duty to do what
could reasonably have been done in the circumstances to support OML and the
Charterers; that that involved taking all reasonable steps a prudent and
determined man, acting in his interests (which include his interests as a
shareholder who had incurred significant expenditure in securing the delisting
of OML) and anxious to support OML and the Charterers would take; and that as
a director of OML, this might involve managing and influencing OML as
appropriate in the circumstances. However, the defendant rejected any further
or additional obligations. In particular and contrary to the plaintiffs’
submissions, he rejected that the Letters of Support provided security “just
short of a guarantee”; or that the exercise of best endeavours required him to
do the things as referred to in the previous paragraph; or that his
obligations continued following the Charterers and OML entering judicial
management and/or being wound up. Further, it was submitted on behalf of the
defendant that the plaintiffs’ case ignored the object of the endeavours that
were to be exercised; that the relevant duty was not, as the plaintiffs
contended, a duty to act solely in the obligee’s interests – rather, it was “a
duty to act in the defendant’s interests with him as the majority shareholder
of OML anxious to support OML”; and, most importantly, that the defendant was
not required to use his personal resources and/or sacrifice his personal
interests in order to comply with the best endeavours obligation.

164 In support of the above, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that
the following principles emerge from the authorities:

(a) A best endeavours obligation imposes a duty to do what can reasonably be
done in the circumstances and, in the context of a company and its officers,
the standard of reasonableness is that of a reasonable and prudent board of
directors acting properly in the interests of their company: Midland Land
Reclamation Ltd and another v Warren Energy Ltd [1997] EWHC Technology 375
(“Midland Land Reclamation”). Accordingly, a best endeavours obligation does
not require directors to act in a way which would ruin the company or to act
in complete disregard of the interests of the shareholders, but only to do
what could reasonably be done in the circumstances: Terrell v Mabie Todd & Co
Ltd (1952) 69 RPC 234.

(b) Best endeavours means what it says it means – it does not mean second best
endeavours (Midland Land Reclamation quoting from Sheffield District Railway
Company v Great Central Railway Company (1911) 27 TLR 451). It has been said
that the obligor has a duty to do everything reasonable in good faith with a
view to procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome within the time
allowed. This involves taking all those reasonable steps a prudent and
determined man, acting in the interests of the obligor and anxious to procure
the contractually-stipulated outcome within the available time, would have
taken: KS Energy at [47(a)]. This is consistent with the English Court of
Appeal’s decision in IBM where the purchaser was obliged to make an
application for planning permission “and use its best endeavours to obtain the
same.” The Court of Appeal held that the test was “what would an owner of the
property in this case who was anxious to obtain planning permission do to
achieve that end?”

(c) A best endeavours obligation does not require a party to act beyond his
own commercial interests, subject to the caveat that in some cases the
contract may specify steps which have to be taken regardless of the commercial
interest of the party required to take them: see EDI at [19]–[20] where it is
stated:

The party on whom the obligation is placed will be expected to explore all
avenues reasonably open to him, and to explore them all to the extent
reasonable. But unless the contract otherwise stipulates, he is not required
to act against his own commercial interests …

Further, in fulfilling his obligation, the obligor can take account of his own
interests: KS Energy at [47(c)].

(d) A best endeavours obligation is not an absolute obligation. It is not the
next best thing to an obligation or a guarantee: Midland Land Reclamation.
Similarly, a best endeavours obligation is not a warranty to procure the
contractually-stipulated outcome: KS Energy at [47(d)].

(e) In construing a best endeavours obligation, it is important to concentrate
on the object of the endeavours that are to be exercised: Jet2 at [28].

(f) The test for determining whether a best endeavours obligation has been
fulfilled is an objective test: KS Energy at [47(b)].

(g) In terms of what steps must be taken so as fulfil a best endeavours
obligation and whether such obligation has been breached, this requires a
fact-intensive inquiry: KS Energy at [47(f)]. Such inquiry should also take
account of the guidance provided at [93] of KS Energy, although the weight to
be attributed to each factor will obviously differ depending on the
circumstances of the case (given its significance, the paragraph in KS Energy
at [93] that was referenced by the defendant is reproduced later in this
Judgment at [176] below).

(h) As to the specific parts of a contract, it is trite law that the recital
to a contract does not by itself impose additional legal obligations on
parties, as per Tiger Airways Pte Ltd v Swissport Singapore Pte Ltd [2009] 4
SLR(R) 992 at [34]:

While recitals do not impose legal obligations on the parties, they can often
be of assistance to the courts in the construction of contractual terms.
McMeel [Gerard McMeel, The Construction of Contracts: Interpretation,
Implication, and Rectification (Oxford University Press, 2007)] explains that
([25] supra at para 4.25):

The recitals have some role to play in the construction of the operative
provisions of the deed or contract. They are an obvious source of readily
accessible ‘background’ or ‘factual matrix’.

This is consistent with the Court of Appeal’s decision in Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1933 v Liang Huat Aluminium Ltd [2001] 2
SLR(R) 91 at [7]:

… First, a recital in an instrument can only assist in the construction of the
substantive terms thereof; it cannot override or control the operation of the
substantive terms, where such terms are clear and unambiguous. In Walsh v
Trevanion (1850) 15 QB 733 at 751, Patteson J laid down the following rule of
construction on the recital in relation to the operative part of a deed:

[W]hen the words in the operative part of a deed of conveyance are clear and
unambiguous, they cannot be controlled by the recitals or other parts of the
deed. On the other hand, when those words are of doubtful meaning, the
recitals and other parts of the deed may be used as a test to discover the
intention of the parties, and to fix the true meaning of those words.

Further, the relationship of a recital in a deed to its operative part was
explained by Lord Esher MR in Ex parte Dawes; In re Moon (1886) 17 QBD 275 at
286 as follows:

Now there are three rules applicable to the construction of such an
instrument. If the recitals are clear and the operative part is ambiguous, the
recitals govern the construction. If the recitals are ambiguous, and the
operative part is clear, the operative part must prevail. If both the recitals
and the operative part are clear, but they are inconsistent with each other,
the operative part is to be preferred.

165 Further, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that in construing
the Letters of Support, the court should take into account the surrounding
circumstances and factual matrix viz:

(a) ICBCL/the plaintiffs had chosen not to require a personal guarantee from
the defendant when providing finance for the Go Pegasus and Go Phoenix in 2013
and the Go Perseus in 2015.

(b) ICBCL/the plaintiffs were aware from at least March 2016 that OML had
other significant creditors. Mr Hong Xing recorded in the note of his meeting
with Mr See on 3 March 2016 that the outstanding balance owed by OML to OCBC
was US$300m. Mr Hong Xing also noted that UOB and DBS were owed around US$100m
by OML and that the three banks were co-operating with OML to adjust repayment
schedules. Mr Hong Xing also met with OCBC representatives on 17 March 2016 to
discuss OML.

(c) ICBCL’s consent for the delisting was forthcoming at the earliest
opportunity (ie, April 2016) with little persuasion, although it did take the
opportunity to request a form of personal security from Mr Yaw – being the
Letters of Support.

(d) ICBCL was aware well before the date on which the First Letters of Support
were to have effect (7 October 2016) that OML would not be receiving a capital
injection of S$143m, as that was the total fund associated with securing the
delisting of OML.

(e) The Letters of Support were “in no way” to be personal guarantees. This
was expressly acknowledged by ICBCL when it agreed to insert express wording
to that effect in the Second Letters of Support and is expressly acknowledged
on the face of the Letters of Support.

(f) Having brought up the possibility of a personal guarantee before April
2016, ICBCL accepted that the Letters of Support represented a “concession.”
It follows that the parties intended and understood that the Letters of
Support provided a lesser form of support as compared to a personal guarantee.

166 As to the specific terms of the Letters of Support, it was submitted on
behalf of the defendant that the plaintiffs’ case ignores what was said to be
the “object” of the endeavours that are to be exercised. In particular, it was
submitted on behalf of the defendant that the wording of the opening paragraph
and the Letters of Support as a whole made clear that the defendant’s
obligation was to use best endeavours to “…support the Charterer and the
Guarantor”. On this basis, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that
his obligation was limited to providing support to OML by managing and
influencing its business effectively; that the provision of such limited form
of “support” was consistent with putting the Charterer and the Guarantors in
the position of being able to meet their contractual obligations under the
BBCs and the guarantees; but that these specific obligations did not place a
more onerous burden on the defendant than the overarching objective to support
OML.

167 More specifically, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that, on
their proper construction, the Letters of Support did not require the
defendant to use best endeavours to pay the sums due under the BBCs or the
guarantees; that, on the contrary, such construction was inconsistent with the
language and therefore “plainly wrong”; and that the ordinary and natural
meaning of the words used in the Letters of Support is inconsistent with the
defendant agreeing to provide his personal financial resources and sacrifice
his personal financial interests.

168 In support of the foregoing, the defendant relied on a number of points
which we would summarise as follows:

(a) The opening words in clauses 2(a) and 2(b) of the Letters of Support which
provide in effect that the object of the obligation to use best endeavours is
“to procure” that the Guarantor/Charterers have sufficient liquidity to make
the stipulated payments and that the Guarantor/Charterers “…remain solvent and
a going concern…”. In particular, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant
that the natural meaning of “procure” is only to persuade or cause a third
party to do something; and that this limited meaning is supported by the
different wording in clause 3 of the Letters of Support which refers
specifically to the Defendant using best endeavours to “…procure for the
Charterer … sufficient funds”. This is markedly different from the defendant
agreeing to provide his own money. If the parties had intended for the
Defendant to use his own funds, the Letters of Support would have said so:
they might, for example, have been framed as placing an obligation on the
Defendant to use best endeavours to provide funds. But that is not what the
Letters of Support say.

(b) The words used in the second unnumbered main paragraph (“This Letter shall
not be construed as a guarantee and/or an indemnity”) and in clause 3 (“…(but
shall in no way guarantee)…”) make it clear that the defendant was not
agreeing to use personal funds to perform his obligations under the Letters of
Support.

(c) The plaintiffs’ construction is “absurd” because it requires the court to
construe the Letters of Support as providing some sort of “super-guarantee”
under which the defendant assumed unlimited personal liability for the whole
indebtedness under the BBCs or the vessels but also of OML and undertook to
make his family members assume those liabilities in addition. The effect of
this would be that the defendant was bound to pump in sufficient funds to
enable OML to pay all its creditors, regardless of its viability as a going
business concern. This is an absurd construction. Further the plaintiffs’
construction is untenable because it advocates an open ended obligation on the
part of the defendant to use his personal resources and sacrifice his personal
financial interests.

(d) The plaintiffs’ case wrongly isolates OML’s obligations and indebtedness
to the plaintiffs without having regard to OML’s creditors and financial
standing as a whole. Moreover, the defendant’s obligations vis-à-vis the
Charterers did not differ to those he owed in respect of OML.

169 As to these rival submissions and the multiple authorities cited by the
parties, our observations and conclusions are as follows.

The law on best endeavours obligations

170 The law regarding the construction of “best endeavours” clauses, or “all
reasonable endeavours” clauses has been authoritatively laid down by the Court
of Appeal in two decisions. The first of these is Travista Development Pte Ltd
v Tan Kim Swee Augustine and others [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474 (“Travista”). The
appellant in Travista was a foreign company which entered into a sale and
purchase agreement with the owners of the strata title units in a condominium
property. The agreement provided that completion was to take place within six
weeks from the receipt of a qualifying certificate from the relevant authority
or within three months of the agreement, and the appellant was to use “best
endeavours” to obtain the certificate. The appellant duly made efforts to
obtain the certificate, but was unable to do so within the deadline, leading
to the respondents rescinding the agreement. The appellant appealed, arguing
that it had exercised best endeavours to obtain the certificate.

171 The Court of Appeal laid down the following propositions of law (at [22]):

... The law is well established. A best endeavours clause in a contract
obliges the covenantor to ‘take all those reasonable steps which a prudent and
determined man, acting in his own interests and anxious to obtain planning
permission [or to perform such other applicable obligation], would have taken’
(see IBM United Kingdom Ltd v Rockware Glass Ltd [1980] FSR 335 … at 345;
referred to in Justlogin Pte Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd [2004] 1
SLR(R) 118 at [47]. As Kan Ting Chiu J stated succinctly in Ong Khim Heng
Daniel v Leonie Court Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 670… at [42]:

A covenant to use best endeavours is not a warranty to produce the desired
results. It does not require the covenantor to drop everything and attend to
the matter at once; the promise is to use the best endeavours to obtain the
result within the agreed time. Nor does it require the covenantor to do
everything conceivable; the duty is discharged by doing everything reasonable
in good faith with a view to obtaining the required result within the time
allowed.

[emphasis added]

The test to determine whether a party has exercised best endeavours is an
objective one. But, it is also a composite test in that the covenantor may
also take into account its own interests. While the covenantor has a duty to
use its best endeavours to perform its contractual undertaking within the
agreed time, the duty is discharged upon the covenantor “doing everything
reasonable in good faith with a view to obtaining the required result within
the time allowed”… This test also involves a question of fact. As stated by
Choo Han Teck J in Group Exklusiv Pte Ltd v Diethelm Singapore Pte Ltd [2003]
4 SLR(R) 582 at [11]:

The facts that are relevant in such cases must include the nature of the
approval sought, the practice, if any, of those in the trade concerned, the
availability of an appeal process, evidence of futility of further efforts and
so on.

172 The facts of Travista showed that the appellant had obtained from the
relevant authority “in principle” approval for the purchase of the property,
subject to it providing a banker’s or insurance guarantee for the sum of
S$3.05m it had placed as a deposit. The Court of Appeal found that the
appellant could easily have obtained that guarantee in a short time (at [24]),
but it had unnecessarily prolonged the process by coupling its request for the
guarantee with a request for financing of the property redevelopment project
as a whole, which made it more difficult and more time-consuming for the banks
and the appellant to agree on the terms of the credit facilities sought. The
Court of Appeal also observed that the burden was on the appellant to
demonstrate that the banks would not have agreed to provide financing in the
form of a guarantee separately from overall financing for the project, but the
appellant could not do so because it had never applied for the guarantee on a
stand-alone basis: at [27]. The Court of Appeal therefore held that the
appellant “had not even attempted to use its best endeavours in this respect”.

173 The second case is the decision of the Court of Appeal in KS Energy ([111]
supra). In that case, the respondent had entered into a contract with a third
party, PCSB, to provide a workover pulling unit (“WPU”) for the latter. The
appellant and respondent then entered into a joint venture agreement to
procure a WPU. The appellant’s role was to arrange for the construction of the
WPU to sell to the joint venture company. The contract provided that the
appellant was to “use all reasonable endeavours to procure the WPU is
constructed and ready for delivery” by a specified time. The appellant entered
into a contract with a rig builder, Oderco, to construct the WPU. The WPU was
ultimately not constructed in time for delivery to the joint venture company,
with the ultimate result that PCSB rescinded its contract with the respondent.
The respondent commenced proceedings against the appellant.

174 The Court of Appeal endorsed the propositions of law laid down in Travista
and summarised them thus (at [47]):

(a) The obligor has a duty to do everything reasonable in good faith with a
view to procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome within the time
allowed. This involves taking all reasonable steps which a prudent and
determined man, acting in the interests the obligee… and anxious to procure
the contractually-stipulated outcome within the available time, would have
taken.

(b) The test for determining whether a ‘best endeavours’ obligation has been
fulfilled is an objective test.

(c) In fulfilling its obligation, the obligor can take into account its own
interests.

(d) A ‘best endeavours’ obligation is not a warranty to procure the
contractually-stipulated outcome.

(e) The amount or extent of ‘endeavours’ required of the obligor is determined
with reference to the available time for procuring the contractually-
stipulated outcome; the obligor is not required to drop everything and attend
to the matter at once.

(f) Where breach of a ‘best endeavours’ obligation is alleged, a fact-
intensive inquiry will have to be carried out.

175 The Court of Appeal in KS Energy further observed that the position taken
in Travista was generally in line with the English cases, save that Travista
allowed the obligor to take into account its own interests and thus
represented a “slight departure” from those English cases which suggested that
the obligor was in a quasi-fiduciary position vis-à-vis the obligee and thus
had to completely align its interests with the latter’s interests: at [48]. In
addition, the Court of Appeal considered that an “all reasonable endeavours”
clause essentially imposed the same standard of conduct as “best endeavours”
clauses: at [62].

176 The Court of Appeal then conducted a comprehensive survey of the case law,
before endorsing additional guidelines regarding the operation and extent of
both “all reasonable endeavours” and “best endeavours” clauses (at [93]):

(a) Such clauses require the obligor ‘to go on using endeavours until the
point is reached when all reasonable endeavours have been exhausted’ … or ‘to
do all that it reasonably could’ …

(b) The obligor need only do that which has a significant … or real prospect
of success … in procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome.

(c) If there is an insuperable obstacle to procuring the contractually-
stipulated outcome, the obligor is not required to do anything more to
overcome other problems which also stood in the way or procuring that outcome
but which might have been resolved. …

(d) The obligor is not always required to sacrifice its own commercial
interests in satisfaction of its obligations …, but it may be required to do
so where the nature and terms of the contract indicate that it is in the
parties’ contemplation that the obligor should make such sacrifice …

(e) An obligor cannot just sit back and say that it could not reasonably have
done more to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome in cases where, if
it had asked the obligee, it might have discovered that there were other steps
which could reasonably have been taken ...

(f) Once the obligee points to certain steps which the obligor could have
taken to procure the contractually-stipulated outcome, the burden ordinarily
shifts to the obligor to show that it took those steps, or that those steps
were not reasonably required, or that those steps would have been bound to
fail …

177 On the facts of KS Energy, the appellant in that case had exercised all
reasonable endeavours. The Court of Appeal found that the appellant’s
behaviour bore all the hallmarks of a prudent and determined company acting in
the respondent’s interests and anxious to procure the construction and
delivery of the WPU within the time allowed. The appellant had consistently
pushed its sub-contractor to perform, asked the sub-contractor for recovery
schedules as construction fell behind time, deployed its own representative to
the sub-contractor’s yard to monitor the progress of construction, assisted
with the procurement of equipment needed to construct the WPU, made sizable
payments on the sub-contractor’s behalf, and eventually took over construction
of the WPU itself: KS Energy at [110], [115]–[117], [126]–[127] and [136].

178 The Court of Appeal also observed that even if the appellant had breached
its obligations to exercise all reasonable endeavours, the respondent could
not prove that but for the appellant’s breach, the WPU would have been
completed and delivered to PCSB so as to avoid PCSB’s termination of its
contract with the respondent. In other words, even if the appellant had
breached the “all reasonable endeavours” clause, that was not a but for cause
of the respondent’s loss: KS Energy at [141]–[146].

179 The Court of Appeal’s observations as to the time within which the
appellant had to exercise all reasonable endeavours is also relevant. The
court observed that the deadline stipulated in the joint venture agreement
represented the “upper limit” of the appellant’s obligations, in that the
appellant need not have tried any harder than to procure the construction and
delivery of the WPU within that deadline: KS Energy at [102]. If the deadline
had been exceeded however, the obligation to exercise all reasonable
endeavours would have continued beyond the relevant deadline: KS Energy at
[103]. The parties would have contemplated the possibility of salvaging the
situation had the deadline not been met.

180 As for English law, there has been no authoritative summary of all the
relevant principles in any one case, but the cases address different aspects
of “best endeavours” obligations under English Law.

181 Jet2 ([162(d)] supra), a decision of the English Court of Appeal, is one
of the leading cases. The following principles can be elucidated from it.
First, in general an obligation to use best endeavours, or all reasonable
endeavours, is not in itself regarded as too uncertain to be enforceable,
provided that the object of the endeavours can be ascertained with sufficient
certainty: at [18] (per Moore-Bick LJ). This is because the court granted with
a definite objective is able to determine whether the party with the
obligation had made all endeavours which were reasonable in the circumstances:
at [48] (per Lewison LJ, citing Lord Reed in R&D Construction Group Ltd v
Hallam Land Management Ltd [2010] CSIH 96 (“R&D Construction”)).

182 Second, there must minimally be objective criteria against which the
endeavours can be measured and assessed, otherwise effective enforcement is
not possible: Jet2 at [49] (per Lewison LJ, citing R&D Construction). Lewison
LJ excerpted the following quote from Phillips Petroleum Co (UK) Ltd v Enron
(Europe) Ltd [1997] CLC 329 at p 343 (per Potter LJ):

Finally, the unwillingness of the courts to give binding force to an
obligation to use ‘reasonable endeavours’ to agree seems to me to be sensibly
based on the difficulty of policing such an obligation, in the sense of
drawing the line between what is to be regarded as reasonable or unreasonable
in an area where the parties may legitimately have differing views or
interests, but have not provided for any criteria on the basis of which a
third party can assess or adjudicate the matter in the event of dispute. In
the face of such difficulty, the court does not give a remedy to a party who
may assert, ‘well, whatever the criteria are, there must have been a breach in
this case’. It denies the remedy altogether on the basis of the
unenforceability in principle of an obligation which may fall to be applied
across a wide spectrum of arguable circumstances.

183 The above two requirements, (a) that the object of the requirements be
sufficiently certain and (b) that there are sufficient objective criteria by
which to evaluate the reasonableness of the endeavours, were referred to as
the “two essential requirements” by Andrews J after her survey of the relevant
authorities in the more recent decision of Dany Lions Ltd v Bristol Cars Ltd
[2014] EWHC 817 (QB).

184 Third, the extent to which a person who has undertaken to use his best
endeavours can have regard to his own financial interests depends on the
nature and terms of the contract in question. Thus, on the facts of Jet2
itself, the court held that the respondent airport operator was required to
keep the airport open outside normal opening hours, even if doing so meant it
incurred a loss, because the appellant airline operator’s ability to schedule
aircraft movements outside those hours was fundamental to the appellant’s
business and therefore fundamental to the agreement: at [32] (per Moore-Bick
LJ). Longmore LJ agreed, and observed that the fact that a party has “agreed
to use his best endeavours presupposes that he may well be put to some
financial cost, so financial cost cannot be a trump card to extricate himself
from what would otherwise be his obligation”: at [70]. However, both judges
agreed that if the airline operator itself could not have operated profitably
at the airport, then the airport operator was not obliged to incur losses to
promote or prop up a failing business: see [32] and [70].

185 Fourth, as for burden of proof, we note the statement in, for example,
Astor ([162(e)] supra) at [71] that it is important to remember that the
burden of proof is on the party alleging failure to comply with the obligation
to use best endeavours. In so far as the Judge was there referring to the
legal burden of proof, we entirely agree; and we bear that well in mind when
considering the particular allegations of the breach(es) of the best
endeavours obligations here. However, we do not consider that this is in any
way in conflict with the observations of the Court of Appeal in KS Energy
([111] supra) at [92] and [93(f)] that once the obligee points to certain
steps which the obligor could have taken to procure the contractually-
stipulated outcome, the burden ordinarily shifts to the obligor to show that
it took those steps, or that those steps were not reasonably required, or that
those steps would have been bound to fail. As we read what is there stated,
the Court of Appeal was not considering the legal burden of proof but rather
the evidential burden of proof.

186 Fifth, when a contract imposes an obligation to do something by a
particular date, this does not mean that the obligation expires on that date.
Rather, the date specified should reasonably be understood as a target, not a
cut-off for the obligation: Astor at [75]. In cases of an absolute obligation,
the failure to perform by the specified date would constitute a breach of
contract. But in cases of undertakings to use all reasonable endeavours,
although failure to perform would not by itself constitute a breach of
contract, it would be unreasonable, absent some special factor, to regard
failure to achieve the objective by the given date as a sufficient reason for
releasing the party which has given the undertaking from any future
performance.

Our observations on the proper construction of the Letters of Support

187 As to the specific terms of the Letters of Support, we would make the
following observations.

188 First, it is important to note that each Letter expressly states on its
face that it is “… legally binding and its obligation enforceable in
accordance with its terms”. Thus, the suggestion made at certain stages in the
course of 2016 that the Letters of Support were only letters of “comfort” and
did not create legally enforceable obligations is demonstrably incorrect (see
inter alia [104] above). On behalf of the plaintiffs, it was submitted that
the defendant’s attempts to renege from providing the Letters of Support and
to deny their enforceability, as well as his subsequent conduct in these very
proceedings as late as November 2018 where he denied the validity and binding
nature of his obligations, taken cumulatively, constituted a repudiatory
breach by the defendant. That may well be right but any such repudiation was
never accepted by the plaintiffs. As such, it is a thing writ in water; and we
simply note that this threshold point (ie, that the Letters of Support are not
enforceable) is no longer pursued by the defendant.

189 Second, we do not accept the plaintiffs’ submission that the Letters of
Support are to be characterised as being “just short of a guarantee”. Such a
description is riddled with uncertainty and does not contribute to any
meaningful understanding of the Letters of Support. If they are not guarantees
(as the plaintiffs and the defendant accept) there is no need to tether them
to the concept of a guarantee and distance them therefrom by any form of loose
measurement such as “just short of a guarantee”. In our view, such
characterisation is wrong and misleading. As submitted on behalf of the
defendant and quite apart from the “factual matrix” relied upon by the
defendant, the Letters of Support are plainly not on their face guarantees as
that term is generally understood. On the contrary, they state expressly on
their face: “This Letter shall not be construed as a guarantee and/or
indemnity”. There is an obvious and important difference between, on the one
hand, an obligation by way of guarantee, and, on the other hand, an obligation
to use “best endeavours”; the characterisation of the Letters of Support as
being “just short of a guarantee” is unhelpful.

190 Third, contrary to the defendant’s submission, we do not consider that it
is right to characterise the first paragraph of the Letters of Support as a
mere “recital”. On the contrary, in our view, it stands as a general
undertaking given in consideration of the plaintiffs’ consent to the
restructuring of the BBCs, the delisting of OML, and the plaintiffs’
“forbearance” towards the Charterers and the Guarantors that the defendant
“…will use best endeavours to support the Charterer and the Guarantor”.

191 Fourth, the Letters of Support expressly refer to the defendant using
“best endeavours”. Those words appear not only in the opening paragraph but
also in clauses 1(a), 1(b), 2 and 3. In our view, those words create
enforceable obligations consistent with the authorities to which we have
already referred subject, of course, to the other specific terms of the
Letters of Support.

192 Fifth, there is, in our judgment, an important distinction to be drawn
between, on the one hand, clauses 2(a) and 2(b) and, on the other hand, clause
3 of the Letters of Support. In particular, clauses 2(a) and 2(b) are, in our
view, limited to procuring the Charterers and OML to use their own resources
to: (a) maintain sufficient liquidity to make timely payment of amounts due
under the BBCs/the guarantees including charter hire (in the case of clause
2(a)), and (b) maintain solvency and going concern status for so long as inter
alia charter hire or any other sums are outstanding under the BBCs/guarantees
(in the case of clause 2(b)). In the event that those outcomes are not
achieved despite the defendant’s best endeavours, clause 3 requires the
defendant to use his best endeavours to procure for the Charterers sufficient
funds from whatever other sources that may be available (including his own
personal wealth and that of his family) to inter alia meet their obligations
under the BBCs. In our view, this construction reconciles the use of “procure”
in clause 2 with “procure for” in clause 3 and gives proper effect to clause 3
which would otherwise be redundant. In other words, for clause 3 to apply, the
Charterers and OML must first have insufficient liquidity or cashflow to meet
charter hire. If that was the case, the outcomes in clause 2(a) and clause
2(b) would in any event not have been achieved. The companies would not have
sufficient liquidity nor would they be solvent or going concerns. If clauses
2(a) and 2(b) were read as requiring the defendant to use his personal wealth
to maintain liquidity, solvency and going concern status as part of his best
endeavours obligation, there would not be a need for clause 3: thus, failure
on the part of the defendant to use his wealth would not afford a cause of
action to the plaintiffs on the basis of clauses 2(a) and 2(b). Clause 3 must
serve a different purpose and impose a different obligation.

193 In so far as may be necessary, such construction of clause 3 of the
Letters of Support is also supported by and consistent with the factual matrix
which formed the backdrop to the defendant’s agreement to and execution of the
Letters of Support, ie, that he was required to utilise his personal financial
resources in exercise of his best endeavours obligations. As to such “factual
matrix”, we do not propose to repeat what we have already stated in the
earlier part of this Judgment. For present purposes, it is sufficient to note
that the Letters of Support were agreed against the backdrop of the
Charterers/the Guarantors operating in a depressed market that materially
affected their ability to meet their obligations under the BBCs/the
guarantees; that the defendant had represented (whether personally or through
Mr See) that he/his family were already utilising their own financial
resources to fund the Charterers’ charter hire payments under the BBCs and
would continue to do so after the delisting; and that the purpose of the
delisting and the plaintiffs’ consent thereto was to enable or at least
facilitate such continued funding. However, we do not consider that the advice
received by the defendant from Dentons Rodyk in late 2016 can properly be
regarded as relevant “factual matrix” even though such advice was shared with
the plaintiffs.

194 Sixth, it is important to emphasise that it does not follow from our
conclusions as stated above that the effect of clause 3 of the Letters of
Support was to impose on the defendant an open-ended obligation on his part to
use his personal resources to fund the Charterers/the Guarantors or that the
Letters of Support constituted a “super-guarantee” under which the defendant
assumed unlimited personal liability for the whole indebtedness under the BBCs
and the guarantees; or (still less) that he assumed an absolute or unqualified
obligation to make his family members assume those liabilities; or that the
defendant was “bound” to inject sufficient funds to enable OML/the Charterers
to pay all their creditors, regardless of their viability as an ongoing
business. As stated above and consistent with the authorities cited, the
obligation to use best endeavours does not require unlimited expenditure. For
the avoidance of doubt, and again consistent with the authorities cited above,
we fully accept the propositions identified in Travista ([170] supra) and KS
Energy ([111] supra) – in particular that the obligor of a best endeavours
obligation is not always required to sacrifice his own commercial interests in
satisfaction of his obligations but may be required to do so where (as we
consider to be the position in the present case) the nature and terms of the
contract indicate that it is in the parties’ contemplation that the obligor
should make such sacrifice. However, per the authorities, such obligation is
not unqualified, unlimited or open-ended and, importantly, the obligor need
only do that which has a significant or real prospect of success in procuring
the contractually-stipulated outcome.

195 Seventh, it is important to say something with regard to the object of the
separate obligations in clauses 2(a), 2(b) and 3 (as just explained above at
[192]) and the extent to which they may overlap as to which there was much
debate in the course of closing oral submissions. Our observations are as
follows:

(a) First, it is important to note that none of these paragraphs imposes any
obligation on the defendant to make any payment directly to any of the
plaintiffs. This is another important feature of the Letters of Support which
distinguishes them from an ordinary “guarantee”.

(b) Clause 2(a) is a specific obligation requiring the defendant to use best
endeavours to procure the Guarantor/the Charterers to have “…sufficient
liquidity…” to make timely payments of any amounts payable under the BBCs/the
guarantees (referred to as the “Liquidity Obligation”). As such, its aim is to
ensure specific liquidity to meet charter hire and any other sums as and when
they fall due – and not general liquidity which is captured by clause 2(b).

(c) Clause 2(b) overlaps to some extent with clause 2(a) but its main focus is
the general solvency of the Guarantor/the Charterers as a “going concern at
all times” so long as charter hire or any other obligations under the BBCs/the
guarantees are “outstanding” (referred to as the “Going Concern Obligation”).
To that extent, it looks beyond amounts payable under the BBCs/the guarantees
(which is the primary remit of the Liquidity Obligation), and places emphasis
on the solvency of the Guarantor/the Charterers and their status as a “going
concern at all times”.

(d) Clause 3 addresses the position where the Guarantor/the Charterers at any
time have “insufficient liquidity or cashflow” to meet any obligations under
or in respect of the BBCs/the guarantees as they fall due (referred to as the
“Sufficient Funds Obligation”). The reference to “liquidity” is plainly a
reference back to clause 2(a) (ie, the Liquidity Obligation).

(e) As to clause 3, two further points require consideration. First, we note
that the wording requires the defendant to use best endeavours to procure for
the Charterer (not the Guarantors) sufficient funds “…before the relevant due
date of the relevant obligation…” Thus, the question arises as to whether any
(and if so what) obligation arises after the due date of the relevant
obligation if such obligation remains outstanding. Second, this point ties in
with the more general submission on behalf of the plaintiffs that the
defendant remained under an obligation to procure further funds for the
Guarantor/the Charterers even after these companies entered into an formal
insolvency process such as judicial management or liquidation. In that
context, the plaintiffs relied, in particular, on clause 4 of the Letters of
Support and the fact that a company may still be rehabilitated even following
judicial management. This latter submission was hotly disputed on behalf of
the defendant. In particular, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that
(a) the plaintiffs’ position is contrary to settled law that (i) the
obligation to use all reasonable endeavours only requires the obligor to go on
using endeavours until the point is reached when all reasonable endeavours
have been exhausted, and (ii) if there is an insuperable obstacle to procuring
the contractually-stipulated outcome, the obligor is not required to do
anything more to overcome other problems that may have been resolved; and (b)
once the Guarantor/the Charterers were insolvent, that was the end of the road
in so far as any best endeavours obligations were concerned. In particular, it
was submitted on behalf of the defendant that it was at that point that all
previous endeavours were exhausted because (i) by definition, once the
companies were insolvent they were no longer “solvent and a going concern” in
accordance with the Going Concern Obligation, and (ii) performance of the
Liquidity Obligation and Sufficient Funds Obligation would not have had a
significant or real prospect of success because this would have required the
defendant to procure finance for an insolvent company. In that context, there
was also some debate in the course of final submissions as to whether the
provision of further funding of the Guarantor/the Charterers by the defendant
at such time, ie, when these companies were insolvent, for the purpose of
making specific payments to the plaintiffs would in any event have been
impermissible as a preferential payment (and therefore outwith the Sufficient
Funds Obligation). So far as relevant, we consider these points briefly later
in this Judgment (see [281]–[294] below).

Whether the defendant breached the Letters of Support

196 We turn then to consider the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant was in
breach of each of his best endeavours obligations under clauses 2(a), 2(b) and
3 of the Letters of Support.

197 In broad terms, the main focus of the plaintiffs’ case under this head
rested on the alleged failure by the defendant to utilise two main sources of
funding to enable the Charterers/the Guarantors to make payments due under the
BBCs/the guarantees viz:

(a) Funds available to OML/Charterers; and/or

(b) Personal financial resources of the defendant or available to him via
third parties (including the defendant’s family). (In light of our conclusions
above, this part of the plaintiffs’ case is relevant only in the context of
clause 3 of the Letters of Support.)

In addition, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the defendant
was in breach of his obligation to use best endeavours under the Letters of
Support by failing to procure a mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel in favour of
the plaintiffs. We consider these three main limbs of the plaintiffs’ case
below, together with what the defendant says were the steps which he took in
the exercise of best endeavours.

Non-disclosure of financial documents and adverse inferences

198 This part of the plaintiffs’ case rested very heavily on an analysis of
the financial information derived from documents provided by the defendant or
obtained from the liquidator of OML and other companies within the OM Group.
This was the subject of detailed evidence by, on the one hand, Mr Manning and,
on the other hand, Mr Sutton.

199 A summary of the plaintiffs’ case with regard to such evidence appears
from Annex A attached to this Judgment.

200 However, it is important to note that such analysis was severely hampered
by important gaps in the documents. For example, in deciding what funds were
available to the Charterers/the Guarantors to make payments under the BBCs and
the guarantees, one would have expected OML and other relevant companies in
the OM Group to have management accounts on a weekly or monthly basis. These
would be standard accounting documents for companies like OML (bearing in mind
that OML was not delisted until 7 October 2016) and the other companies within
a group such as the OM Group. In the ordinary course, these accounts would
show available cash and projected cash flows usually of (say) the next month,
three months, six months and 12 months within each of the companies within the
OM Group and (possibly) on an intragroup basis. However, these accounting
documents were never produced.

201 It is worth noting that certain documents which were said to be management
accounts were produced by counsel on behalf of the defendant at a very late
stage of the trial. This gave rise to a heated debate on the very last day of
the trial as to the admissibility of such documents. However, in the course of
such debate, it became plain that these documents were either not what they
purported to be and/or were obviously irrelevant because they related to
different companies or different periods. We say no more about them.

202 One important financial document that was produced and was the focus of
much attention in the course of the trial was the 2016 Q2 Financial Statements
Announcement for OML. These included a balance sheet for both the “Group”
(inferably the OM Group, albeit this was not ascertained at trial) and OML
itself as at 30 June 2016 together with a comparative statement as at the end
of the immediately preceding year, ie, 30 June 2015. In summary, these showed
inter alia substantial surpluses of total assets over total liabilities viz
US$186.607m (US$1,372.684m – US$1,186.077m) and US$185.861m (US$955.833m –
US$769.972m) for the Group and OML respectively as at 30 June 2016. The
breakdown also showed as at that same date cash and bank balances of
US$10.183m and US$1.207m for the Group and OML respectively; as well as
current trade receivables of US$263.542m and non-current trade receivables of
US$47.417m for the Group. On its face, this balance sheet indicates that as at
30 June 2016, both the Group and OML were balance sheet solvent. However, in
our view, the document is of little, if any, assistance in the present case
because it is simply a snapshot of the financial position of OML and the Group
as at 30 June 2016. It says nothing about the financial position of OML or the
Group in the period after that date nor what cash was available or might have
been raised within OML or the Group to pay the amounts subsequently falling
due under the BBCs towards the end of 2016 and thereafter. For the purpose of
that exercise, it would be the management accounts or other similar financial
documents which would be expected to provide the best overall picture of the
financial health of OML and the Group. However, as stated above, these were
not in evidence and we were not provided with any proper explanation for their
absence.

203 Quite apart from the absence of any management accounts or other similar
financial documents, there were further significant gaps in the defendant’s
disclosure. In light of such gaps, the plaintiffs’ position was and remained
that the defendant continued to be in breach of various court orders and/or
his general disclosure obligations, that this has seriously prejudiced the
fair trial of this case and that the court should therefore strike out, in
whole or in part, the defences on liability as to the defendant’s breaches of
his best endeavours obligations. In particular, the plaintiffs submitted that
there were numerous bank statements and various other financial documents
which the defendant had failed to disclose. These are summarised in paragraphs
105 to 115 of the plaintiffs’ factual closing submissions (the “plaintiffs’
List of Undisclosed Documents”). We address the pertinent documents in this
list in our analysis below.

204 In these circumstances, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that
striking out was an appropriate and proportionate response to what the
plaintiffs submitted was the defendant’s persistent, contumelious and grave
breaches of this court’s orders and his discovery obligations (despite
opportunities granted by the court time and again to come clean).

205 Alternatively, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that
appropriate adverse inferences be drawn against the defendant. In support of
that submission, the plaintiffs relied on s 116(g) of the Evidence Act and the
guiding principles enunciated by the Court of Appeal in Sudha Natrajan v The
Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141 (“Sudha”). In light of the foregoing,
it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the appropriate inferences
to be drawn in the present case are as follows:

(a) The defendant failed to disclose the various bank statements referred to
in the plaintiffs’ List of Undisclosed Documents because, if produced, they
would have been unfavourable to the defendant.

(b) In particular, they would have revealed that he had sufficient financial
resources (in the form of cash in bank accounts in his name or otherwise
controlled by him) to have procured the full and timely payment of all sums
(including charter hire and the Termination Amounts) payable by the
Charterers/the Guarantors to the plaintiffs under the BBCs/the guarantees.

206 As to these submissions, the defendant acknowledged in his 22nd affidavit
that he had failed to disclose the following bank accounts:

(a) Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited bank account no xxxx-xxxx8
– for 2016 to 2018 other than May 2018;

(b) Bank of America Corporation (“BOA”) bank account no xxxxx-xxxx5 – for 2016
to 2018 other than May 2018;

(c) RHB bank account no xxxxxxxxxxxxx0 – for 2016 to 2018 other than December
2018;

(d) RHB bank account no x/xx/xxxxxx/x1– for January, February and December
2017;

(e) Standard Chartered Bank (“Standard Chartered”) bank accounts – for January
2017 to December 2017, and February to May 2018;

(f) UOB (Singapore) bank accounts – January 2018; and

(g) UOB (Australia) bank account – March and April 2016, June to August 2016,
October 2016, January 2017 to February 2018 and June to December 2018.

207 In summary, the explanation given by or on behalf of the defendant for
this failure was that he has bank accounts all over the world and that it was
a “herculean task” to gather every single one of his Singapore and overseas
bank accounts; that he had repeatedly requested from his banker the bank
statements for his Standard Chartered bank accounts, but these had not yet
been given to him; that as the statements for his BOA account were in a
storage facility in USA, they would be difficult to retrieve; and, that by
requesting for these statements and chasing his assistants and bankers, he had
done what was reasonably necessary of him to obtain those undisclosed
documents. In light of the foregoing, it was submitted on behalf of the
defendant that no adverse inference should be drawn for the following reasons:

(a) The lack of disclosure was neither deliberate concealment nor conscious
omission to withhold the evidence but rather due to extraneous forces and
circumstances not within his control. This was not a blameworthy failure on
his part.

(b) The delay by the defendant’s bankers and assistants in retrieving his
overseas bank accounts constituted a valid and sufficient justification for
the non-disclosure: to draw an adverse inference against the defendant in
these circumstances would be unjust and unfair to him as the omissions were
due to factors beyond his control.

208 In any event, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that, as alluded
to in Sudha at [23], the court cannot speculate as to what the evidence may
say without stating some basis for the drawing of the specific adverse
inference; that, in any event, the inference in favour of the plaintiffs’ case
should only be a “weak one”; and that as stated in R v Inland Revenue
Commissioners, Ex parte T C Coombs & Co  [1991] 2 AC 283, which was cited in
Cheong Ghim Fah and another v Murugian s/o Rangasamy [2004] 1 SLR(R) 628, if
the failure to give evidence can be credibly explained, even if not entirely
justified, the effect of silence in favour of the other party may be either
reduced or nullified.

209 As to the other documents identified in the plaintiffs’ List of
Undisclosed Documents which the plaintiffs say the defendant has failed to
disclose, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that these (a) did not
come within the Asset Disclosure Order; or (b) are not relevant for the
purposes of the present proceedings.

210 As to these submissions, our observations and conclusions are as follows:

(a) As stated above, the defendant has acknowledged that he has failed to
disclose at least certain bank statements. In our view, the explanation which
he has provided for such failure is unsatisfactory and inadequate. In our
view, such explanations as were provided were, to a large extent, vague and
mere bluster. We are unpersuaded that such failure was beyond the defendant’s
control. We readily accept that the task of producing these documents would
involve a certain amount of effort. However, we do not think that such task
could properly be described as herculean. All of these documents are within
the last five years and, in the ordinary course, we can see no proper reason
why they could not be produced. We bear well in mind that the defendant has
had more than sufficient time to carry out the necessary enquiries. If there
were real difficulties in producing the documents, we would have expected some
evidence or at least correspondence with the relevant banks themselves to
explain these difficulties. But no such correspondence or at least no adequate
correspondence or satisfactory explanation was ever provided.

(b) As to the other documents which the plaintiffs say have not been produced,
we are prepared to assume in the defendant’s favour (although without deciding
the point) that such documents may not strictly fall within the Asset
Disclosure Order. However, be that as it may, we are satisfied that, quite
apart from the terms of the Asset Disclosure Order, the documents in question
were plainly relevant and disclosable, and should have been produced in the
ordinary way.

(c) In light of the above, we are satisfied that the defendant’s conduct
amounts to persistent, contumelious and grave breaches of this court’s orders
and/or his discovery obligations (despite opportunities granted by the court
time and again to come clean).

(d) In such circumstances, we have carefully considered whether this is an
appropriate case to strike out, in whole or in part, the defences on liability
as to the defendant’s breaches of his best endeavours obligations. In our
view, there is a very strong case for so doing. However, we recognise that
that would be a most draconian step. In the event and with some hesitation, we
have drawn back from that precipice. In so doing, we have borne in mind that
the trial has now been completed, and that we have now considered the
documentary evidence such as it is and heard the oral evidence on both sides
(including, of course, the evidence of the defendant himself); further, that,
in our view, justice can be done by drawing the adverse inferences as
suggested by the plaintiffs but limited to the Pre-Termination Claims. Thus,
the adverse inferences to be drawn are as follows:

(i) The defendant failed to disclose the various bank statements referred to
in the plaintiffs’ List of Undisclosed Documents because, if produced, they
would have been unfavourable to the defendant.

(ii) In particular, they would have revealed that he had sufficient financial
resources (in the form of cash in bank accounts in his name or otherwise
controlled by him) to have procured sufficient funds for the Charterers/the
Guarantors to make the full and timely payment of all the Pre-Termination
Claims payable to the plaintiffs under the BBCs/the guarantees.

(e) At the risk of repetition, it is convenient to summarise why we consider
that it is just and appropriate to make the adverse inferences as suggested by
the plaintiffs viz:

(i) There is no doubt that the defendant has failed to comply with court
orders with regard to disclosure. Indeed, that is accepted by the defendant.

(ii) The documents in question are potentially highly significant in the
context of the present proceedings.

(iii) The defendant has had ample time to provide the documents in question.

(iv) The explanations which the defendant has provided for such failure are
unsatisfactory and inadequate. In our view, such explanations as were provided
were, to a large extent, vague and mere bluster.

(v) It is noteworthy that the gaps in the documents in question cover not only
a number of different bank accounts but also individual months or periods. It
is difficult to understand how or why the defendant has been able to provide
some of the documents in question but not others; and no satisfactory
explanation has been provided as to the reasons for the foregoing.

(vi) We do not accept the suggestion by counsel on behalf of the defendant
that the gaps in the disclosure are not (at least in part) significant on the
basis, for example, that there are bank statements both before and after the
“gaps” which show the same or similar amounts in such accounts. As submitted
on behalf of the plaintiffs, the obvious point is that without full and proper
disclosure, it is impossible to know what movements there were in these
accounts during the period(s) where there are gaps.

(vii) As already stated, we are satisfied that the defendant’s conduct amounts
to persistent, contumelious and grave breaches of this court’s orders and/or
his discovery obligations (despite opportunities granted by the court time and
again to come clean).

(viii) The adverse inferences suggested by the plaintiffs and which we accept
should be drawn are, in our view, proportionate and appropriate in the
circumstances. For the avoidance of doubt, such adverse inferences are not
necessarily determinative of any particular conclusions which we may reach.
Rather, such conclusions will have regard not only to such adverse inferences
but also the totality of the evidence.

The expert evidence

211 As for the expert evidence, there was unfortunately little agreement
between on the one hand, the plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Manning, and, on the other
hand, the defendant’s expert, Mr Sutton.

212 Given the failure by the defendant to give proper disclosure and the gaps
in the evidence, we do not underestimate the difficulties faced by both
experts in giving their evidence. Be that as it may, it is important to note
that the plaintiffs were very critical of the evidence adduced by Mr Sutton.
As a result of a myriad of objections by the plaintiffs, Mr Sutton’s first
report was (rightly) withdrawn by counsel on behalf of the defendant in the
course of the first part of the trial. Following the adjournment, Mr Sutton
then produced a “new” report. However that new report incorporated at least
some parts of his first report which were objectionable and was the subject of
a raft of further objections by counsel on behalf of the plaintiffs as
summarised in Annex C to the plaintiffs’ closing submissions on the expert
evidence, which is unnecessary to set out in detail. For present purposes, it
is sufficient to note that it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that
much, if not all, of Mr Sutton’s opinion evidence lacked factual foundation
and was otherwise inadmissible; that it was of little assistance due to its
limited scope, difficulties with his methodology and his apparent lack of
independence; and that it was littered with unstated assumptions and
conclusory statements. As a result, it was the plaintiffs’ submission that Mr
Sutton’s evidence should be rejected entirely, or, if allowed into evidence at
all, given little (if any) weight.

213 In support of that submission and their specific objections to Mr Sutton’s
new report, the plaintiffs relied upon a number of general principles which,
it was submitted, can be distilled from the relevant provisions of the
Evidence Act, O 40A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (the
“Rules of Court”) and a review of the cases viz:

(a) Expert opinion evidence upon a point of scientific, technical or other
specialised knowledge is relevant where the court is likely to derive
assistance from such opinion evidence: s 47(1) of the Evidence Act. However,
the court has the discretion to reject such opinion evidence if it is of the
view that it would not be in the interests of justice to consider the same: s
47(4) of the Evidence Act.

(b) Expert opinions must comply with the requirements of O 40A of the Rules of
Court, including stating the instructions given to the expert and setting out
clearly facts known by the expert to be true as opposed to assumed facts,
failing which the court is entitled to reject the opinion: see Pacific
Recreation Pte Ltd v SY Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491
(“Pacific Recreation”) at [74] and [75].

(c) Experts have a duty to assist the court on matters within their expertise,
which overrides any obligation to the party instructing them. To this end, an
expert should provide his unbiased and independent opinion (he is not to be an
advocate of his instructing party’s cause) and must give testimony that may
harm or damage the contentions of his instructing party, if the facts warrant
it (see O 40A r 2 of the Rules of Court and, for example, Vita Health
Laboratories Pte Ltd and others v Pang Seng Meng [2004] 4 SLR(R) 162 (“Vita
Health”) at [80] to [83] and JSI Shipping (S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong (a
firm) [2007] 4 SLR(R) 460 (“JSI Shipping”) at [63]). In the appropriate case,
the court will not hesitate to disregard or even draw an adverse inference
against expert evidence that exceeds the judicially determined boundaries of
coherence, rationality and impartiality: see JSI Shipping at [63].

(d) In JSI Shipping, the Court of Appeal identified several instances of
partisan behaviour on the part of the respondent’s expert (at [59] and [60]):

(i) the making of sweeping generalisations which the court found “redolent of
a predisposition to shore up the respondent’s stance”;

(ii) the inclination to make suppositions and assumptions in favour of the
respondent;

(iii) selective reference to evidence supporting the respondent’s case, while
omitting qualifications adverse to the respondent’s case; and

(iv) the inclusion of baseless allegations in the report of the respondent’s
expert.

(e) Moreover, if there is a range of opinions on matters dealt with in the
report, the expert should summarise the range of opinions and give reasons for
the expert’s opinion: see O 40A r 3(2)(e) of the Rules of Court. An expert
should not attempt to conceal any adverse opinions which have come to the
expert’s knowledge: Pacific Recreation at [87].

(f) Expert opinion must be based upon facts which have been proved in
evidence. Expert opinion based upon facts which are not proved in evidence is
inadmissible (see Phipson on Evidence (H M Malek et al eds) (Sweet & Maxwell,
19th Ed, 2018) at paragraph 33-33; T Hodgkinson & M James, Expert Evidence:
Law and Practice (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2015) at paragraph 9-016; Singapore
Tourism Board v Children’s Media Ltd and others [2008] 3 SLR(R) 981 (“STB”) at
[76] to [80]).

(g) Reasonable steps should be taken to independently verify underlying facts
upon which the expert's opinions are based where it is within the expert's
capacity to do so. Failure to do so may suggest inappropriate affiliation
between the expert and the cause for which the expert’s evidence is given: see
I R Freckelton & H Selby, Expert Evidence: Law, Practice, Procedure and
Advocacy (Thomson Reuters, 4th Ed, 2009); STB at [80]–[87] and Vita Health at
[88].

(h) The obligation is on both the instructing party’s solicitor and the expert
to ensure that the expert is provided with all relevant materials before the
expert’s report is finalised: P Matthews & H M Malek, Disclosure (Sweet &
Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2016) at paragraph 22.19.

(i) Relatedly, an expert should make it amply clear if there are any issues or
problems in relation to the access to, collation and/or reliability of
relevant evidence (and reservations or qualifications in this regard) prior to
cross-examination: see Vita Health at [86].

214 In our view, most, if not all, of the criticisms of and objections to Mr
Sutton’s evidence are entirely justified. In particular, we accept that much
of his evidence lacked factual foundation and was otherwise inadmissible; and
that it was littered with unstated assumptions and conclusory statements which
were unsupported in whole or in part by the factual evidence. We also found it
of little assistance due to its limited scope and difficulties with his
methodology. In addition, we regret to say that we were troubled by his
apparent lack of independence in at least certain respects.

215 In fairness, we should also mention that the defendant was very critical
of the evidence adduced by the plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Manning. In particular,
it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that Mr Manning had adopted an
extreme approach which demonstrated a basic lack of common sense; that this
suggested that his evidence should be approached with more caution that might
otherwise be the case; and that he was not providing as much assistance as he
might have provided. Whilst we do not necessarily accept all of Mr Manning’s
evidence, our general view is that he was, on the whole, an excellent witness
who provided his independent expert evidence in a fair, balanced and measured
way which we found most helpful in reaching our conclusions.

216 In considering the expert evidence, we also bear well in mind the
authorities cited by counsel on behalf of the defendant to the effect that the
court is not bound slavishly to accept the uncontradicted evidence of an
expert but must closely scrutinise it (as, we would add, in the same way as
all other evidence): see Saeng-Un Udom v Public Prosecutor [2001] 2 SLR(R) 1;
Desert Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace) v Poh Soon Kiat [2009] 1 SLR(R)
71.

The specific alleged breaches of the Letters of Support

217 As to the alleged breach(es) by the defendant of the best endeavours
obligation, it was the plaintiffs’ submission that it readily became apparent
through the course of the trial that the defendant did not in fact take any
steps to procure the overarching purpose of the Letters of Support, ie,
ensuring that the Charterers/the Guarantor performed their obligations owed to
the plaintiffs under the BBCs/the guarantees. In particular, the plaintiffs
relied upon the following matters as confirmed by the defendant in evidence
viz:

(a) He had never given any instructions to inter alia Mr See, Mr Ooi, or
anyone to utilise sums available to the Charterers/the Guarantors to pay the
plaintiffs.

(b) Likewise, he did not take any steps to prevent the diversion of funds that
should have been directed towards paying the plaintiffs (or channelled towards
the Earnings Account in accordance with the terms of the BBCs) even though he
was aware of these circumstances.

(c) Instead, he prioritised payments to other creditors (such as OCBC and DBS)
over payments to the plaintiffs, a point on which the defendant was cross-
examined as follows:

MR TOH: … Mr Yaw, I suggest to you that Otto prioritised payments to the two
banks, DBS and OCBC ahead of my clients because, unlike these parties who got
a personal guarantee from you, my clients were only given letters of support.
Do you agree?

A: No. I didn’t prioritise them that way.

Q: Right.

A: The way I look at it was this: I do give an importance to OCBC on the
ground that they are providing me fresh, new facilities, which I put into Otto
Marine, and I thought that was important that I continue. The relationship has
to be my priority for the benefit of Otto Marine. As far as paying DBS is
concerned, yes, I do have a PG, I admit that, but when you talk about 600,000,
I’m sure according to either monthly or quarterly or maybe twice monthly I
don’t know, but that is the obligation that the company has to do. The company
do that. Whether – that is my understanding. I don’t think I prioritise DBS
over anybody from that standpoint, okay. And the way – the other thing I want
to differentiate is that I have a mortgage, I have a bank loan with them and a
bank loan to me is a big priority, is a big concern. I have to make sure my
facilities with the bank loan is in good standing as a priority. The
relationship I have with you is a lease payment. So whether I put that as a
priority, yes, I do put it as a priority, but do I rank them pari passu with
the bank loan? I don’t know. I can’t answer you today. I don’t want to compare
them apple to apple. I do look at it, one as a bank loan, the other one as a
lease payment.”

As submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, the defendant could not give any
sensible explanation as to why this should be the case when questioned by
counsel for the plaintiffs. In fact, the evidence shows that the defendant had
even procured or allowed OML to repay companies controlled by him in priority
to the plaintiffs. These payments, which were to three such companies namely,
Ample Skill Limited (“Ample Skill”), Brizill International Limited (“Brizill”)
and Ocean International, are elaborated on further below.

(d) The defendant never took any specific steps in response to any of the
numerous letters of demand sent by the plaintiffs (or on their behalf by their
solicitors Rajah & Tann). Thus, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs
that as a result, the Charterers began defaulting on their obligations under
the BBCs almost immediately after the Letters of Support came into effect
(following the delisting). The 2 November 2016 charter hire payment and the
Deposit (falling due on 6 December 2016 under the Go Perseus BBC) were both
not paid. Despite the defendant having been notified of the same and apart
from a few sporadic payments, the Charterers thereafter continued throughout
in default of their payment obligations under the BBCs until the plaintiffs
terminated the same in November 2017/January 2018.

218 In broad terms, we accept these submissions. However, it remains necessary
to consider the specific alleged breaches bearing in mind the particular dates
when sums became payable under the BBCs as summarised above, and whether the
conduct of the defendant amounted to one or more breaches of his best
endeavours obligations to provide support to the Charterers/the Guarantors
under the Letters of Support – principally under the unnumbered paragraph
and/or clauses 2(a) and/or 3 of the Letters of Support. Importantly, it is
also necessary to consider whether any such failure was causative of any loss
to the plaintiffs. As to the latter and putting aside any question of burden
of proof, it is necessary to consider whether, even if the defendant had
exercised best endeavours, it would have made any difference – we deal with
this facet in greater detail when addressing the issue of quantum below (see
[384] onwards).

219 In support of their case, the plaintiffs relied upon varying instances in
which the defendant allegedly failed to procure the Charterers/the Guarantors
to utilise funds available to them pursuant to one or more of the stated
purposes in the Letters of Support viz:

(a) The defendant’s failure to utilise substantial sums in OML’s bank
accounts.

(b) Payments by OML of US$6,407,392.22 to Ample Skill, Brizill and Ocean
International in 2017.

(c) Payments to Mr See in 2016 and 2017 amounting to approximately S$3m.

(d) OML’s failure to collect receivables, including some US$2.6m of
receivables from Cash Atlas and the US$5.623m balance purchase price for RSOV
Marine Pte Ltd (“RSOV”) (a vessel owning company) from Port Golden Holdings
Limited (“Port Golden”).

(e) Diversion of the vessels’ earnings namely, a diversion of US$450,000 to
UOB, diversion of the Deep Ocean sub-hire payment of US$430,000 (December
2016), and diversion of the sub-hire payments from Inpex Operations Australia
(“Inpex”) of US$5.46m (April to October 2017).

(f) Failure to fully utilise an alleged loan facility of US$30m between Ample
Skill and OCBC (the “Ample Skill Facility”) to obtain working capital to pay
the charter hire and other amounts payable to the plaintiffs.

As evident from the above list, there are numerous different corporate
entities and/or impugned transactions involved – we will provide the relevant
details at the appropriate junctures below when discussing the defendant’s
purported breaches in relation to these entities/transactions.

220 In addition, the plaintiffs relied on the following additional steps which
they alleged the defendant could have taken viz:

(a) the utilisation of the defendant’s own funds or assets including cash and
shares in both public and private companies which (if necessary) he could have
sold or pledged in order to raise funding;

(b) the obtaining of financial assistance from other third parties including,
in particular, from the Yaw family/the Samling Group; and

(c) raising funds by way of a mortgage of the Bintulu Hotel.

In light of our conclusions with regard to the proper construction of the
Letters of Support, these alleged breaches are concerned principally with
clause 3 of the Letters of Support provided clauses 2(a) and 2(b) were not
breached (ie, the defendant despite his best endeavours was not able to keep
the companies afloat or procure that the companies had sufficient liquidity to
pay charter hire). We deal with these matters below.

221 For the sake of completeness, we should mention that, as originally
pleaded, the plaintiffs advanced a discrete allegation of breach of the
Letters of Support viz that the defendant failed to make a capital injection
of S$143m into OML upon or after its delisting and, in so far as he did, that
he failed to take steps, exercise best endeavours or ensure that such funds
were used to pay the plaintiffs the sums due under the BBCs/the guarantees.
However, we do not understand that this allegation was specifically relied on
by the plaintiffs in their final submissions. In any event, we do not consider
that such an allegation assists the plaintiffs for the following brief reasons
viz:

(a) The capital injection of S$143m is not a specific obligation spelt out
under the Letters of Support.

(b) If the S$143m was truly a capital injection intended to be used for the
purpose of clause 2(a), then failure to do so would be a breach of the best
endeavours obligation contained in that clause.

(c) However, the difficulty with any such argument is that (a) it assumes that
all of the S$143m was freely available as working capital; (b) the evidence
does not suggest it was; and (c) the plaintiffs knew this. For example:

(i) Although Mr Hong Xing’s notes of the 15 April meeting refer to the
defendant providing about S$150m, it was clear even at this stage that this
was not intended solely to provide working capital. Mr Hong Xing’s notes of
this meeting explain as follows:

As understood, currently Mr Yaw directly and indirectly holds 62% stake, and
the market value of Otto Marine is about SGD40 million. Mr Yaw plans to
provide about SGD150 million, of which SGD20-30 million will be used to
repurchase the shares, and SGD70 million will be used to repay the debentures
maturing in August, and the balance will be used to supplement the working
capital of the company.

[emphasis added]

(ii) When ICBCL’s Shipping Finance Department approved the delisting of OML on
21 April 2016, it noted that “the substantial shareholder [would] provide a
total of about [S$150m] for the privatisation, which will mainly be the own
fund[s] of the substantial shareholder” [emphasis added].

(iii) In the report of the August 2016 meeting (ie, some two months after OML
had announced plans to delist), it was noted that the main use of the “S$140m
made available by the substantial shareholder [was] for the privatisation”
[emphasis added].

(iv) It is clear that for OML to delist, it had to retire bonds and buy-out
minority shareholders which would substantially deplete the sum of S$143m that
the defendant had raised for privatisation. ICBCL knew this.

(v) Notably, post delisting, when there was a failure to pay charter hire and
the Deposit, ICBCL did not allege that there was any breach on the part of the
defendant by reason of not injecting S$143m into OML.

222 We deal with each of the plaintiffs’ specific allegations of breach of the
defendant’s best endeavours obligations below. At this stage, it is sufficient
to note that the defendant denies any breach of his best endeavours
obligations under the Letters of Support. Moreover, it is important to note
that it was the defendant’s case that he took various steps in 2016 and 2017
to support OML and/or the Charterers and (although he did not accept that he
was obliged to take all or, indeed, any of these steps, in order to comply
with those obligations) this satisfied any obligations he owed under the
Letters of Support. In summary, these steps were said to be as follows:

(a) The defendant caused or procured to be disbursed funds of around S$143m to
OML, comprising a loan of S$73m from RHB to redeem S$70m of medium term notes
which were due to mature on 1 August 2016 (see [39] above), and S$70m of
funding to procure the privatisation of OML and for OML’s working capital
purposes.

(b) The defendant caused or procured to be disbursed funds of approximately
US$41.7m to OML, comprising US$5.2m from Mr Yaw, and around US$36.5m from
Ample Skill (which, as mentioned at [217(c)] above, is a company owned and
controlled by the defendant).

(c) The defendant agreed to a consent order with a creditor of his under a
personal guarantee, Mr Rakesh Tulshyan. This was necessary for OML to remain
solvent and to avoid triggering cross default provisions on its other loan
agreements guaranteed by the defendant.

(d) The defendant caused or procured steps to be taken towards the timely
recovery or receivables by subsidiaries of OML through litigation and
arbitration.

(e) The defendant sought to persuade his brother Datuk Yaw Chee Ming, one of
the beneficial owners of the Bintulu Hotel, to grant a mortgage over the
Bintulu Hotel in favour of the Plaintiffs as security for the Charterers
and/or OML’s liabilities.

For present purposes, it is sufficient to say that the defendant has failed to
adduce admissible and/or cogent evidence in support of what is alleged in sub-
paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above and/or such allegations do not assist the
defendant for the reasons stated in paragraphs 377–399 of the plaintiffs’
final submissions, which we accept and which are unnecessary to repeat. In any
event, it remains necessary to consider the specific allegations advanced by
the plaintiffs. As to sub-paragraphs (d) and (e), we deal with these
allegations below in the course of dealing with the plaintiffs’ case.

Failure to utilise sums in OML’s bank accounts

223 In November/December 2016 (in the period when the November 2016 charter
hire instalments and the Deposit fell due) OML had (a) an opening balance for
November 2016 in its Standard Chartered SGD account (no xx-x-xxxxxx-3) of
S$4,394,772.10; (b) a balance of US$204,501.30 in its Standard Chartered USD
account (no xx-x-xxxxxx-8); and (c) a balance of S$6,266,704.64 in its RHB SGD
account (no x/xx/xxxxxx/07) for the entire period of November 2016. While the
former two accounts were substantially depleted by end November 2016, there
appears, as the plaintiffs submit, to have been no movement in the RHB SGD
account no x/xx/xxxxxx/07 during that month.

224 These funds were not, however, utilised towards paying the charter hire of
US$3,053,480 due on 2 November 2016 and the Deposit due on 6 December 2016. In
cross-examination, the defendant was unable to provide any coherent
explanation as to why these sums were not so utilised towards payment of the
November 2016 charter hire under the BBCs:

MR TOH: Do you have an explanation why – as to why you didn’t cause some part
of this combined sum of S$10 million to be paid to my clients in satisfaction
of the charter hire that became due in early November 2016?

A: I don’t have an answer, except that I assume they have priority, maybe for
crew, or whatever. I don’t know, sir.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

225 Similarly, OML maintained a bank balance of US$233,408.92 in its UOB
account (no xxx-xxx-xxx-8) even as of December 2017. When asked why these sums
were not used to pay sums outstanding to the plaintiffs at the relevant time,
the defendant had no answer. Thus:

Q: … So, as at the end of 2017, there was still a sum of US$233,000 sitting in
this bank account. Do you see that, Mr Yaw?

A: Yes.

Q: Why were there no steps taken to use this sum of money to pay the
charterers?

A: I’m sorry if I don’t know the detail, but my understanding at that time was
that really the cash – we didn’t have – the cash flow was very tight. Now you
ask me why was this sum not been used for a specific payment; I cannot answer
you.”

[emphasis added in bold italics]

226 On the evidence, we are thus satisfied that these funds were available to
OML at the relevant time for payment of the monies due to the plaintiffs under
the BBCs. Further, it is our conclusion that (a) in these circumstances and
consistent with the guidelines set out by the Court of Appeal in KS Energy
([111] supra), the burden of showing why the payment of these funds to the
plaintiffs was impossible or not reasonably required (for example, because
they were required to be paid to some other party) falls squarely on the
defendant; and (b) on the evidence, the defendant has failed to satisfy that
burden. Indeed, on the evidence, it is our conclusion that there is no cogent
reason why these funds could not have been paid to the plaintiffs and that, to
this extent, the defendant was thus in breach of his obligation to use best
endeavours as required under (at the very least) the opening unnumbered
paragraph and in particular clause 2(a) of the Letters of Support. In
concluding this point, we note that the charter hire instalments due between 2
November 2016 and 2 November 2017 were never fully paid and that part of these
sums remain outstanding today. Relatedly, we add that sporadic sums were
eventually and gradually transferred to the plaintiffs between October 2016
and January 2018 in part-satisfaction of the outstanding sums. Be that as it
may, it does not affect our conclusion that clause 2(a) of the Letters of
Support were breached, given that it remains that there were available sums
that were not applied in satisfaction of outstanding charter hire payments.
The fact that there was part payment affects the issue of quantum which we
address at the end of the discussion on the Letters of Support.

Diversion of funds to the companies owned or controlled by the defendant

227 It appears from the defendant’s own evidence that, during the course of
2017, OML paid sums totalling US$6,407,392.22 to the defendant’s own corporate
vehicles, Brizill, Ample Skill, and Ocean International. This can, for
example, be seen from the excel spreadsheet referred to at paragraph 45 of the
defendant’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief and exhibited as “YCS-21” which
purportedly lists all payments made by OML during 2017. For the sake of
completeness, we should mention that it was the plaintiffs’ submission that
these excel spreadsheets were inadmissible as hearsay and should accordingly
be excluded from the record. However, we do not accept that submission as the
spreadsheets were derived from the business records of OML and the defendant
was the sole director. He has personal knowledge of these fund movements from
both the transferor’s and transferee’s points of view. These purported
payments were summarised by the plaintiffs in a table in their factual closing
submissions, which we now reproduce (with certain amendments):

Date| Name of recipient of funds| Amount (US$)  
---|---|---  
3 January 2017| Ample Skill | 6,465.86  
20 January 2017| Ample Skill | 36,025.92  
9 February 2017| Ample Skill | 8,490.94  
20 February 2017| Ample Skill | 29,586.55  
24 February 2017| Ample Skill | 9,583.47  
3 March 2017| Ample Skill | 10,568.90  
24 March 2017| Ample Skill | 47,615.51  
28 March 2017| Ocean International | 1,155,000.00  
18 April 2017| Ocean International | 569,650.80  
19 April 2017| Brizill | 1,901,333.21  
24 April 2017| Ample Skill | 72,830.26  
13 June 2017| Ample Skill | 119,872.33  
15 June 2017| Brizill | 54,433.43  
30 June 2017| Ample Skill | 148,170.79  
3 July 2017| Ample Skill | 264.25  
20 September 2017| Ample Skill | 425,000  
25 October 2017| Ample Skill | 450,000  
2 November 2017| Ample Skill | 462,500  
12 December 2017| Ample Skill | 450,000  
27 December 2017| Ample Skill | 450,000  
  
(1) Payments to Brizill

228 As appears from the table above, a total of US$1,955,766.64 was paid to
Brizill in two separate payments in April and June 2017. In considering these
payments, it is noteworthy that on 2 May 2017, ICBCL issued letters of demand
to OML demanding payment of charter hire for the period 2 November 2016 to 2
August 2017 and the Deposit. This was followed by a proposal by OML to
restructure the debts which Mr Hong Xing rejected resulting in a statutory
demand being served on 11 May 2017. In June, further proposals were made by Mr
See to ICBCL to restructure the debts. However, the defendant was unable to
provide any explanation for such payments. In cross-examination, the defendant
initially stated that he did not know the purpose of the payments:

MR TOH: Based on this document, Otto made payment of 1.956 million to Brizill
International Limited in April and June 2017. Again, Mr Yaw, were you paying
companies that you owned and controlled, were you not?

A: No. I don’t know what is the reason. I can’t explain it today.

[emphasis in bold italics]

229 Subsequently, however, the defendant’s evidence was that the payments to
Brizill were to discharge long-standing loans made by Brizill to OML since
OML’s initial public offering as well as other unspecified and unsubstantiated
purposes:

Q: Mr Yaw, the question is:

‘Question: Yes, you see, Mr Yaw, the court would have been better assisted if
you provided full discovery of all the Brizill bank accounts, right. Then we
would have ascertained how the flow of the money went. But it is what it is,
so let’s move on to a different document …

RAMESH J: Sorry, one further question, Mr Yaw, this payment that went out to
Brizill was, you say, to pay off liabilities of Brizill. Is that correct?

Answer: No, I don’t think it [to] pay of [liabilities] of Brizill. I think
Brizill may then have put it into other part of the operation. I don’t know,
sir. I honestly don’t remember.’

Q: In relation to your answer, you say:

‘No I don’t think it pay off [liabilities] of Brizill.’

Can you clarify the sentence?

A: I was merely to say that because Brizill all along since IPO has lent the
money to Otto Marine this may have been a payment from Otto Marine to pay off
the Otto Marine liability to Brizill.

Q: Then you went on to mention:

‘I think Brizill may have then put it into other part of the operation.’

What do you meant [sic] by, ‘The other part of the operation.’?

A: No, what I mean is Brizill may have used the money for other thing.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

230 In our view, this evidence is, on its face, entirely speculative and
wholly unsatisfactory. Further, it is noteworthy that there are no documents
to substantiate the reasons for the payments or why those payments were made
at that time. Moreover, even if the money “may” have been used as the
defendant suggested, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that, on the
evidence, there is simply no justification for the repayment of sums allegedly
owed to Brizill in priority to the outstanding charter hire instalments (and
the Deposit) due to the plaintiffs. We agree. At the very least, there is no
cogent evidence which might provide such justification. As such, this was, in
our view, a breach of clause 2(a) of the Letters of Support, ie, to procure
that there was sufficient liquidity to make timely payment of at least part of
the charter hire due as at that date. The defendant’s best endeavours
obligations must be breached if he had used the cash to pay liabilities which
were effectively owed to him particularly since there is no evidence that
Brizill had other pressing financial commitments that required the funds. The
same observation applies to the payments to Ocean International and Ample
Skill referred to below.

(2) Payments to Ample Skill and Ocean International

231 As for the payments to Ample Skill and Ocean International, the defendant
has asserted that these sums had been used by these companies to pay back
banks which had lent money to them (which in turn had been lent by Ample Skill
and Ocean International to OML).

232 In considering such assertions, it is important to bear in mind the timing
and relevant context of these payments. In particular:

(a) The first seven payments to Ample Skill span the period 3 January to 24
March 2017. The two payments to Ocean International were on 28 March 2017 and
18 April 2017. This was followed by two further payments to Ample Skill on 24
April 2017 and 13 June 2017.

(b) The period 3 January to 24 April 2017 can be bookended by (a) the meeting
on 15 December 2016 when ICBCL demanded payment of outstanding sums, and (b)
ICBCL’s letter of demand dated 2 May 2017.

(c) In that period, ICBCL issued a letter of demand on 6 January 2017 and
there were several meetings on 14 February 2017, 3 March 2017, 9 March 2017
and 21 March 2017 with ICBCL’s representatives where proposals were made by Mr
See and the defendant to restructure the Charterers’/the Guarantors’ debts.

(d) The Brizill payments which were on 19 April 2017 and 15 June 2017 bookend
the eighth and ninth payments to Ample Skill on 24 April 2017 and 13 June
2017. Thus, the comment at [230] above on Brizill applies here.

(e) Thereafter, there were seven payments to Ample Skill from 30 June to 27
December 2017. In or around that period, proposals were made to restructure
the debts (in June); the September 2017 Addenda (concerning the Bintulu Hotel)
were signed on 29 September 2017; Go Marine was placed in voluntary
administration on 30 October 2017; and Go Offshore applied for judicial
management on 30 November 2017 followed by OML on 20 February 2018.

(f) Meanwhile, from 10 October 2016, ICBCL and Wikborg were demanding the
Letters of Support, and from 14 October 2016, Mr Lun started finding a variety
of reasons not to release them. ICBCL continued to press for the Letters of
Support including demands on 2 June 2017 and 18 August 2017 until they (ie,
the Second Letters of Support) were eventually provided on 27 September 2017.

233 In light of the foregoing, it is difficult if not impossible to accept the
defendant’s assertion that the payments made by Ample Skill and Ocean
International were to pay back banks which had lent money to them (which in
turn had been lent by Ample Skill and Ocean International to OML). On the
contrary, it suggests, at the very least, egregious conduct on his part.

234 Moreover, such an assertion is not supported by any or any cogent evidence
before the court. In particular, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs:

(a) There is no evidence at all before the court that any sums were paid by
these companies to banks from the payments received from OML. The reason for
this is the defendant’s failure (in breach of his discovery obligations) to
provide full discovery of the bank account statements of Ample Skill, Brizill,
and Ocean International.

(b) Further, there is no cogent evidence of any borrowing by Ample Skill or
Ocean International. Although the defendant has purported to exhibit to his
2nd supplementary affidavit of evidence-in-chief copies of (a) an alleged Term
Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2016 between inter alia Ocean International
and RHB (the “RHB Term Facility Agreement”); and (b) the Ample Skill Facility,
which was under an alleged Facility Agreement dated 28 June 2017 granted by
OCBC to Ample Skill (the “Ample Skill FA”), the defendant has not proven the
authenticity of either of these documents at trial in the manner required by
ss 63 to 67 of the Evidence Act. This is despite Notices of Non-Admission
having been filed by the plaintiffs in respect of the same.

(c) Furthermore, there is no evidence whatsoever that either of the alleged
facilities extended to Ample Skill or Ocean International respectively were
ever drawn down. For example, the defendant has never disclosed copies of any
utilisation request(s) which would have been sent to either RHB or OCBC to
draw down on the respective facilities. Moreover, the defendant stated that he
did not have any recollection of any such utilisation request(s) being sent
and that given his role he would have no personal knowledge regarding such
matters.

235 The relevant passages of the transcript relating to the preceding sub-
paragraph are reproduced below:

Q: … Mr Yaw, can you tell us is there any evidence of any drawdown notice of
this loan facility [i.e. the purport RHB facility to Ocean International]?

A: I assume there is.

Q: Sorry?

A: I assume there is.

Q: If you assume there is, can you help us with the relevant drawdown notice
by way of evidence? Any particular document that you would like to refer to?

A: Again, I really – from my understanding, I leave this to the company, okay?
My responsibility, I always thought I came up with the money and I let them to
handle the detail, make sure it’s paid to the proper places. That’s my
responsibility. When you say whether this account was used – I can’t answer
you. I thought every – I assumed everything is done properly.

RAMESH J: Sorry, Mr Yaw, I think the question is this, right? Go back to the
loan documentation. The way the loan is drawn down is by way of utilisation
request which is set out in table 3 at page 157. Can you see that it’s – if
you look at page 20 of the document, clause 5, you will see that … 5.1 says:

‘The borrower may utilise the facility to bring to agent duly completed
utilisation request not later than the specified time.’ That’s clause 5.1 and
the utilisation request is at schedule 3, page 517, and it has to be signed by
an authorised signatory for and on behalf of Ocean International Capital
Limited.

A: Yes.

Q: You were the sole shareholder and sole director right?

A: Yes.

Q: Of Ocean Capital?

A: Yes.

Q: You would have signed -- if this had been drawn down, who would have signed
it?

A: I don’t know at that time who else I authorised in the company to sign.
Maybe I have signed it. I don’t know, sir.

Q: But you’re saying that it was drawn down?

A: Yes.

Q: To its full value?

A: I assume, because there’s nothing left in there.

Q: There’s no document in discovery, is there?

[emphasis added in italics; additional emphasis in bold italics]

236 For the sake of completeness, we should mention that following this
evidence, it was claimed by counsel on behalf of the defendant that there
might have been some documents served on the plaintiffs’ lawyers during the
trial relating to the foregoing. However, there was no document formally
discovered/disclosed in respect of these matters; and none was specifically
identified.

237 With respect to the payments to Ocean International, in addition to the
submissions raised above, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that if
the payments to Ocean International were, as alleged, for repayment of a one-
off US$70m loan from RHB, one would expect that the payment dates would be for
similar amounts and at regular intervals. However, that is not the case.
Rather, as appears from the table produced at [227] above, the payments to
Ocean International were for US$1.155m on 28 March 2017 and US$569,650.80 on
18 April 2017. In other words, they were isolated payments, made very close
together in time, and of very different amounts. In any event, clause 6
(Repayment, Prepayment and Cancellation) of the purported RHB Term Facility
Agreement contemplates the first repayment date to be 30 September 2018 (long
after the dates of the alleged payments).

238 As regards Ample Skill, the position is, at best, highly questionable. For
example, some of the payments made by OML to Ample Skill (as set out in the
table above) were made prior to the purported Facility Agreement dated 28 June
2017 granted by OCBC to Ample Skill. In other words, these payments could not
have been made to Ample Skill to enable it to repay OCBC. Indeed, as submitted
on behalf of the plaintiffs, (a) it is extremely unlikely that the payment
made on 30 June 2017 was to repay sums borrowed by Ample Skill from OCBC under
the alleged facility when it was only granted on 28 June 2017; and (b) it is
also worth noting that the payments to Ample Skill after July 2017 were at
irregular intervals (20 September 2017, 25 October 2017, 2 November 2017, 12
December 2017, 27 December 2017). As mentioned above, one would have expected
that if the sums were to be used for repayments of a loan (as alleged by the
defendant), they would have been arranged in regular intervals.

239 Thus, on the evidence, it is our conclusion that the funds identified in
the table above were available to OML at the relevant time and could have been
paid to the plaintiffs in satisfaction of the amounts due under the BBCs
instead of being paid to Brizill, Ample Skill and Ocean International. In
these circumstances and again consistent with the guidelines identified by the
Court of Appeal in KS Energy ([111] supra), the burden of showing why the
payment of these funds to the plaintiffs was impossible or was not reasonably
required (for example, because they were required to be paid to some other
party) falls squarely on the defendant. On the evidence, we are unpersuaded
that the defendant has satisfied that burden. Indeed, on the evidence, it is
our conclusion that the explanations provided by the defendant should be
rejected; that there is no cogent reason why these funds, ie, US$6,407,392.22,
could not have been paid to the plaintiffs; and that, to this extent, the
defendant was thus in breach of his obligation to use best endeavours as
required under (at the very least) the opening unnumbered paragraph and/or
clause 2(a) of the Letters of Support when he failed to use these monies to
support the Charterers/the Guarantor to make timely payments in respect of the
Pre-Termination Claims, and instead procured, caused, or allowed the diversion
of these sums to what were his own corporate vehicles.

Payments to Mr See

(1) Purchasing a car for and giving a S$2.32m bonus to Mr See

240 Despite the defendant’s constant refrain in evidence that he/OML had
insufficient resources to pay the charter hire falling due in the latter part
of 2016 and 2017, the defendant continued to have resources to be extremely
generous to Mr See including (a) on 11 November 2016 (just shortly after the
Charterers defaulted on payment of the November 2016 charter hire instalments)
the defendant agreed for OML to purchase a brand-new Mercedes S-Class at
S$399,888 for Mr See’s use; and (b) in an email dated 2 March 2017 (sent
shortly after the Charterers had made further defaults on the February 2017
charter hire instalments), the defendant agreed to pay Mr See S$2.32m within
90 days of the date of the email. In cross-examination, the defendant said
that this was a bonus for Mr See. However, there has been no suggestion that
these payments were made pursuant to any existing contractual obligation; and
it is difficult to understand what Mr See had actually done to deserve such
largesse. The defendant also added that “to the best of [his] recollection”,
he believed that the aforementioned car and/or bonus was partially paid by
“the company”, presumably a reference to OML. To that extent and having regard
to the terms of the Letters of Support, we do not consider that these payments
were necessary or reasonably required in any relevant sense. Thus, it is our
conclusion that the decision by the defendant to allow these monies to be used
for the benefit of Mr See instead of payment of at least part of the Pre-
Termination Claims was a breach by him of (at the very least) the opening
unnumbered paragraph and/or clause 2(a) of the Letters of Support.

(2) Disbursements of approximately US$250,000 in 2017

241 In addition, the defendant’s own evidence (in the form of the excel
spreadsheet exhibited to his affidavit of evidence-in-chief at “YCS-21”)
reveals that Mr See was also paid sums in excess of US$250,000 in 2017 as
disbursements (in addition to his salary as well as the “bonus” above). A
table setting out the details of the disbursements paid to Mr See during this
period is set out below.

Date (2017)| Description| Amount (US$)  
---|---|---  
6 January| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  1,485.69  
25 January| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  7,652.19  
8 February| Payment for Purchase of Car (Cheque)|  96,784.11  
8 February| Staff Claim (Cash)|  451.92  
9 February| Staff Claim (Cash)|  4,200.75  
14 February| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  13,592.82  
27 February| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  10,038.62  
1 March| Staff Claim (Cash)|  3,247.35  
17 March| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  8,340.95  
1 April| Staff Claim (Cash)|  7,616.88  
19 April| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  15,594.47  
1 May| Staff Claim (Cash)|  1,285.87  
2 May| Staff Claim (Cash)|  1,960.17  
4 May| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  749.84  
9 May| Staff Claim (Cash)|  460.54  
17 May| Staff Claim (Cash)|  460.34  
24 May| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  15,261.00  
26 May| Staff Claim (Cash)|  859.40  
7 June| Staff Claim (Cash)|  233.67  
11 June| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  -  
14 June| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  5,038.67  
14 June| Staff Claim (Cash)|  1,237.67  
19 June| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  1,129.86  
3 July| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  7,065.81  
7 July| Staff Claim (Cash)|  465.87  
18 July| Staff Claim (Cash)|  1,519.90  
14 August| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  5,260  
17 August| Staff Claim (Cash)|  1,631.26  
25 August| Staff Claim (Cash)|  1,177.60  
13 September| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  22,950.13  
25 September| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  366.72  
12 October| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  5,661.79  
5 December| Staff Advance (Cheque)|  1,057.67  
6 December| Staff Claim (Cheque)|  6,609.04  
31 December| Staff Claim (Cash)|  1,184.39  
TOTAL|  251,575.29  
  
242 On behalf of the plaintiffs, it was submitted that these payments could
and should have been used to pay amounts due under the BBCs, and that the fact
they were not and that the defendant allowed such payments to be made as
stated above constituted a breach by him of his obligations to the plaintiffs
under the Letters of Support. We recognise that apart from the payment on 8
February 2017 (for the purchase of a car), the purpose of these payments is
somewhat uncertain. However, on their face, these are each described as a
“Staff Claim” and they are generally for relatively small amounts during 2017,
ie, when the OM Group was still active. As such, we think that these payments
(as well as the payment for the car on 8 February) should be regarded as being
reasonably required in the ordinary course of legitimate operations of OML’s
business and should be allowed. On this basis, we are unpersuaded that the
failure by the defendant to ensure that these monies were used to pay amounts
under the BBCs constituted a breach by him of clause 2(a) of the Letters of
Support.

Failure to collect receivables

243 In summary, it was the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant failed to take
any or any sufficient steps to collect various receivables due to OML and that
such failure constituted a breach by the defendant to use best endeavours – in
particular, to procure the Charterers/the Guarantors to have sufficient
liquidity to make timely payment to the plaintiffs (as required by clause
2(a)) of the amounts payable under the BBCs. This was disputed by the
defendant and indeed the defendant advanced a positive pleaded case that he
had “caused or procured steps to be taken towards the timely recovery of
receivables by subsidiaries of [OML] and/or [the Charterers], through
litigation or arbitration proceedings”. Particulars of these various alleged
litigation or arbitration proceedings relied upon by the defendant were
subsequently served by the defendant pursuant to a formal Request for
Particulars by the plaintiffs.

244 In broad terms, the plaintiffs’ case was that the steps allegedly taken by
the defendant were, in truth, non-existence or wholly inadequate. In
particular, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that (a) the
defendant did not come up with a recovery plan for the outstanding
receivables; and (b) he did not give any specific directions as to how the
collection efforts or recovery efforts were to be undertaken but instead, he
left it to a committee within OML to carry out the recovery of receivables.
Moreover, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that no objective or
corroborative evidence that any such steps were in fact taken towards the
recovery of the relevant receivables has been placed before the court.
Although the defendant stated at paragraph 55 of his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief that the status of OML’s efforts to recover various receivables were
documented in weekly legal reports prepared by OML’s legal department, these
weekly legal reports have not been disclosed.

245 At paragraph 56 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the defendant
refers to a report dated 10 April 2018 with regard to attempts that were made
to recover certain receivables. However, that document does not relate to
steps taken at the relevant time by the management of OML to recover the
outstanding receivables. Instead, that document purports to describe the steps
taken by the judicial managers following OML’s entry into judicial management
on 21 March 2018. In any event, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, (a)
the document is of unknown provenance – it is not even clear who the maker of
the document is or the purpose for which it was prepared; and (b) the
defendant plainly does not have personal knowledge of the matters referred to
in that report. Crucially, there is no or no sufficient evidence of the legal
proceedings purportedly commenced by OML and its subsidiaries against the
various third parties.

246 For present purposes, the two main receivables which the plaintiffs say
the defendant failed to use best endeavours to collect were (a) approximately
US$2.6m from Cash Atlas and (b) US$5.623m balance purchase price from RSOV
from Port Golden. We deal with these below.

(1) Failure to collect US$2.6m from Cash Atlas

247 The evidence with regard to this part of the case is scanty. In summary,
it appears that Cash Atlas was a company incorporated by the defendant’s
cousin, Joseph Lau; and that Cash Atlas had bareboat chartered the Go Phoenix
(presumably from Otto Fleet) and then sub-chartered the vessel to another
company referred to as “Swiber-Alam”. An email from Mr See dated 8 January
2018 stated that Cash Atlas owed some US$2.6m under that bareboat charter.
There is no cogent evidence before the court that Otto Fleet or OML ever took
any steps to collect this sum – or indeed any part of it – from Cash Atlas or
to take back possession of the vessel. Indeed, there is no evidence that any
letter of demand was ever sent; and the defendant’s own evidence is that he
never sent a letter of demand. Moreover, the receivables due from Cash Atlas
are not one of the receivables in relation to which the defendant alleges
litigation/arbitration proceedings were commenced. There is no doubt that this
was a very substantial amount by way of accounts receivable and, if collected
even in part, would have assisted in discharging the obligations under the
unnumbered paragraph and clauses 2(a) and/or 2(b) of the Letters of Support.
As such, it is our conclusion that the defendant’s failure to take any steps
to collect this sum or any part of it constituted a prima facie breach of his
best endeavours obligations of the unnumbered paragraph and those specific
provisions of the Letters of Support. The defendant did not call any evidence
to establish that it would have been pointless or at least not reasonable to
have made efforts to collect this sum to show either that there was no breach
or that any breach caused no loss.

248 As to that, the defendant’s pleaded case was that Cash Atlas did not pay
Otto Fleet/OML pursuant to its bareboat charter because Cash Atlas had not
been paid by their sub-charterers Swiber-Alam. According to the defendant’s
own evidence, he was not happy with that explanation; and despite chasing “a
lot” and getting angry and frustrated, he was unable to collect the money.
However, there was no documentary evidence of any such suggested “chasing”. At
best, there is an early email dated 10 May 2016 (ie, some 18 months prior to
Mr See’s email) in which the defendant purportedly refused to enter further
charters with “Alam Maritime Global” because (at that stage) they still owed
some US$1.6m for past (unspecified) work. However, that seems of little, if
any, relevance to the present issue. Further, as submitted on behalf of the
plaintiffs, the fact that Swiber-Alam had not paid Cash Atlas under their sub-
charter is legally irrelevant with regard to Cash Atlas’ payment obligations
to Otto Fleet/OML. As submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, there is no
evidence that Cash Atlas would have been unable to pay the charter hire under
its own bareboat charter with Otto Fleet/OML had the latter insisted on
payment and taken the proper steps to recover the accounts receivable from
Cash Atlas. Moreover, it is noteworthy that on the basis of the defendant’s
explanation, it is somewhat strange that Cash Atlas did not withdraw the
vessel from Swiber-Alam and equally strange why Otto Fleet/OML did not
withdraw the vessel from Cash Atlas.

249 For these reasons, it is our conclusion that the defendant has failed to
discharge the evidential burden to justify his failure to take any steps to
collect this outstanding charter hire from Cash Atlas as well as the legal
burden by reason of his pleaded case; and that such failure constitutes a
breach of his best endeavours obligations under the unnumbered paragraph and
clauses 2(a) and/or 2(b) of the Letters of Support.

(2) Failure to collect US$5.623m balance purchase price for RSOV from Port
Golden

250 Once again, the evidence in respect of this part of the plaintiffs’ claim
is scanty. In essence, it was the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant failed
to take any steps, or to procure steps to be taken, towards the recovery of
substantial receivables (in excess of US$5m) payable to Supply Fleet Pte Ltd
(“Supply Fleet”) (a subsidiary of OML) by Port Golden.

251 In summary, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs:

(a) Port Golden is a BVI company of which one Mr Jonathan Leung (“Mr Leung”)
(a close business associate of the defendant) was at the material time the
sole director.

(b) On or about 30 May 2017, Supply Fleet (with the defendant’s consent)
entered an agreement for the sale of its shares in RSOV (as mentioned above at
[219(d)], RSOV is a vessel owning company) to Port Golden. The purchase price
for the shares was US$5.68m.

(c) The liquidators of Supply Fleet confirmed to the plaintiffs that only 1%
of the purchase price had been paid and that the balance of 99% (or around
US$5.623m) remained outstanding.

(d) As to that, the defendant’s evidence was that despite not having any
recollection as to whether he had had sight of the share sale and purchase
agreement, he was aware of the transaction and its structure. According to the
defendant, Mr Leung had allegedly walked out of the transaction, refusing to
perform it; and that he did not take any steps to procure payment of the
outstanding sum of US$5.623m due to Supply Fleet. Thus, the defendant’s
evidence was:

Q: We have seen the liquidators’ confirmation that only 1 per cent out of this
5.68 million was ever collected. Mr Yaw, why did you not take steps to collect
the remaining 99 per cent?

A: This is – look, he [Mr Leung] thought it was a good investment to invest
and then he change[d] his mind after putting up 1 per cent. And I get stuck
with this stupid thing. So, no, when he refused to do it, I didn’t chase after
him because I don’t know how to chase anymore because he say I don’t want to
do this.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

(e) However, the defendant sought to excuse his failure to take steps by
making a bald assertion that payment of the balance amount of 99% was deferred
for 12 months after the date of the share sale and purchase agreement, such
that by the time it fell due, OML had already entered judicial management. No
cogent evidence was adduced to substantiate this bald allegation that the
balance of the purchase price was not due until the intervention of judicial
management.

252 In support of the foregoing, counsel on behalf of the plaintiffs
highlighted a number of points viz:

(a) Although the defendant alleged that Mr Leung reneged on the RSOV
transaction, he did not seek to introduce evidence by Mr Leung in this regard
notwithstanding the fact that the latter had provided an affidavit of
evidence-in-chief following leave being granted to the defendant to call him
as a witness. In the event, the court was informed that Mr Leung was unable to
give evidence allegedly due to unspecified personal exigencies.

(b) Even if the relevant payment only fell due after OML had entered into
judicial management, the defendant could nevertheless have taken steps to
procure the recovery of the receivables by Port Golden/Mr Leung or alert the
judicial managers to such receivables. As stated above, the defendant’s best
endeavours obligations under the Letters of Support continue to be in force
pursuant to clauses 4 and 5 of the same.

(c) At the trial, counsel for the defendant raised the objection that the
plaintiffs did not specifically plead that the defendant had failed to recover
receivables due to Supply Fleet for the sale of its shares RSOV. However, this
misses the point. The defendant’s own pleaded case (at paragraph 35(c) of the
Defence) is that he had performed his best endeavours obligations inter alia
by having “caused or procured steps to be taken towards the timely recovery of
receivables by subsidiaries of [OML] and/or [the Charterers]…” One of OML’s
subsidiaries specifically mentioned in this context was in fact Supply Fleet.

253 In response, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that even if the
US$5.623m could have been collected from Port Golden (a) it was owed to Supply
Fleet: a different company from either of the charterers or OML and (b) there
is no evidence that Supply Fleet would have been able to lend the money to the
Charterers or OML to enable them to use those monies to pay amounts due under
the BBCs. On behalf of the plaintiff, it was submitted that there was no merit
whatsoever in these points because (a) Supply Fleet was a wholly-owned
subsidiary of OML and there is no reason to believe that OML could not have
procured Supply Fleet to transfer these funds to it; and (b) by this time, OML
had been delisted and the defendant was therefore in full control of OML. We
agree. Moreover, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that these
points appear to ignore the defendant’s own pleaded case, which is that he
personally paid a settlement sum on behalf of Supply Fleet to Mr Rakesh
Tulshyan to settle a separate claim made in HC/S 371/2016; that this was
allegedly done in discharge of the defendant’s best endeavours obligations
under the Letters of Support; and that had the aforesaid sum of US$5.623m been
recovered from Port Golden, it could have been used to reduce the amount which
the defendant paid (out of his own pocket) to Mr Rakesh Tulshyan and increase
the amount of resources available to make payment to the plaintiffs.

254 At the very least, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the
Port Golden transaction (involving the transfer of a substantial subsidiary of
OML to a third-party without taking any steps to collect the purchase price)
calls for a cogent explanation, particularly given the defendant’s capacity as
a director of OML, which the defendant has conspicuously failed to provide.

255 In our judgment, the position here is similar to that in relation to the
debt due from Cash Atlas viz there was a clear substantial debt (ie,
US$5.623m) due from Port Golden; on the defendant’s own evidence, he took no
steps to recover or even to chase for this sum or any part thereof; and, as
such, such failure constituted a prima facie breach of his best endeavours
obligations of the unnumbered paragraph and clauses 2(a) and/or 2(b) of the
Letters of Support. The defendant did not call any evidence to establish that
it would have been pointless or at least not reasonable to have made efforts
to collect this sum to show either that there was no breach or that any breach
caused no loss.

Diversion of the vessels’ earnings

256 Under the BBCs, the vessels’ earnings were to be utilised towards payment
of charter hire. Thus, for example, clause 32.1.14 and clause 46 of the Go
Perseus BBC provide, in effect, that all earnings would be paid into the
Earnings Account (as defined at [22(d)] above) and would not be utilised
except for purposes approved by the plaintiffs:

Clause 32.1.14

‘Earnings Account’ means USD account no. xxxxxxxxxxxxx13 in the name of the
Charterers with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Singapore Branch …

…

Clause 46

The Charterers undertake and agree that throughout the Charter Period they
will:-

46.1 procure that all earnings and other monies in respect of the Vessel,
payable to the Charterers (including any payment under any Time Charter), are
paid to the Earnings Account; and

46.2 not make any withdrawals from the Earnings Account without the prior
written consent of the Owners.

257 Clause 51.1.4 of the Go Perseus BBC further provides inter alia that the
Charterers would “charge to [the Plaintiffs] all their rights, title and
interest in and to the Earnings Account and any amount deposited into and
standing to the credit of the Earnings Account from time to time”. The other
BBCs contain similar provisions.

258 As submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, the intent behind these
provisions is plainly to enable the plaintiffs to obtain security and exercise
control over the use of the earnings of the vessels to ensure that these would
not be diverted for other purposes without the plaintiffs first being paid
their charter hire under the respective BBCs, ie, to compel and restrict the
Charterers to utilise the earnings garnered by employment of the vessels so
they would be used to pay the plaintiffs charter hire under the BBCs in a
timely fashion.

259 In summary, it was the plaintiffs’ case that despite these provisions and
the defendant’s obligations under the Letters of Support to exercise his best
endeavours, the defendant illegitimately procured, caused or allowed the
vessels’ earnings to be diverted towards purposes other than payment of
charter hire to the plaintiffs under the BBCs as set out below.

(1) Diversion of US$450,000 in funds to pay UOB (May 2016)

260 This fund diversion appears to have taken place as early as 18 May 2016
with the defendant’s knowledge. (This would have been after the defendant had
agreed in principle to issue the First Letters of Support, but before their
execution). In particular, WhatsApp records of exchanges between Mr See and
the defendant show Mr See to have informed the defendant of the intended
diversion of funds (to be paid to the plaintiffs) for payment to UOB on 18 May
2016, as follows:

I called and have asked kc and sj to take out the 450k from icbc to uob

No point paying partial to icbc as their is 3m

Hence paying uob 1m outstanding, (using icbc 450k and end of week another 550k
from GO) will resolve uob 1m and their loan payment straight away drop by 50%

This will strike off one immediate item

261 In our view, it would seem that that this was indeed a diversion of funds
in breach of the terms of the BBC. However, although it is fair to say that
this took place after the defendant agreed in principle to provide the Letters
of Support, it was before the Letters of Support were executed or took effect.
That being so, we find it impossible to conclude that this diversion can
properly be regarded as a breach of the Letters of Support.

(2) Diversion of Deep Ocean sub-hire payment (December 2016)

262 This diversion of funds took place after the defendant executed the First
Letters of Support and/or at least after the date when the Second Letters of
Support were stated to take effect. The said funds were derived from a sub-
hire payment made to either the Charterers or OML (as to which it is not
clear, as seen below) by Deep Ocean. Evidence of this diversion appears in the
form of an email dated 29 December 2016 to the defendant, which states:

Payment of Dec2016 wages and AWS are from the two sources:

1) Alanya payment of half a month Usd225k

2) Partial of Deep Ocean payment received GBP200k

…

Deep Ocean payment of Usd430k should be paid to ICBCL bank account, GO has
used partial and balance of GBP200k will be transferred to Otto bank account.”

[emphasis added in italics; additional emphasis in bold italics]

263 As can be seen from this email, a payment of around US$430,000 which
should have been utilised towards paying the plaintiffs was instead partially
utilised by the Charterers or their parent company (for unknown purposes) with
the balance of £200,000 (or around US$260,000) being remitted to OML to be
used to pay wages of its staff. Instead of OML providing financial support to
enable the Charterers to fulfil their obligations under the BBCs, the
Charterers’ earnings were being used to support the (other) financial
obligations of OML. It is noteworthy that it was only a few days after this
diversion, ie, on 3 January 2017 that the first payment to Ample Skill took
place (see [227] above).

264 There is no doubt that the defendant was fully aware of this impermissible
diversion of funds from the Charterers; and he admitted in cross examination
that he did nothing to stop it. In evidence, his only explanation was that he
was trying “…to raise more money for the company because at that time the cash
was very tight…” In our view, such an explanation is no justification for this
diversion of funds; and, as submitted by the plaintiffs, amounts to a breach
of one or more of the defendant’s obligations to use best endeavours under the
Letters of Support.

(3) Diversion of Inpex Charter sub-hire payments (April to October 2017)

265 Under this head, it is the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant failed to
take any steps to ensure that sub-hire payments made by Inpex, which were in
connection with the charter of the Go Phoenix in the period from April to
October 2017 (the “Inpex Charter”), were paid into the Earnings Account in
accordance with the terms of the BBC for that vessel. In particular, it was
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs as follows:

(a) The daily rate under the Inpex Charter was approximately US$26,000, or
around US$780,000 per month;

(b) On this basis the total hire paid by Inpex for the period from April to
October 2017 (seven months) would have been in the region of US$5.46m;

(c) All these charter hire payments were either used by the Charterers for
their own purposes or paid over to OML;

(d) Had these sums been paid into the Earnings Account in accordance with the
terms of the BBCs, the plaintiffs could have required these sums to have been
used towards the payment of charter hire owing to the plaintiffs.

(e) Moreover, if at the relevant time, OML, the Charterers, or the defendant
had had sufficient funds to pay charter hire due under the BBCs without
resorting to the funds in the Earnings Account, then these sums would have
represented a secured fund which could have been used to pay the plaintiffs
even after the Charterers/the Guarantors entered judicial management and/or
liquidation.

(f) The plaintiffs denied that they had waived their rights under the relevant
clauses of the BBCs (eg, clause 32.1.14 of the BBCs) or agreed that the
charter hire should not be paid into the Earnings Account and/or that
operating expenses might be deducted from charter hire payments under the
Inpex Charter; and in so far as may be necessary, the plaintiffs submitted
that any waiver would, in any event, have been invalid by virtue of clause 56
of the BBCs.

266 In principle, we accept that any sub-hire payments from the Inpex Charter
should have been paid into the Earnings Account. However, the evidence in
relation to this claim is, once again, scanty and the plaintiffs’ clam
somewhat problematic in certain respects for the following reasons:

(a) First, a copy of the Inpex Charter was not in evidence but it appears that
the charter period for the Inpex Charter was closer to six months (ie,
April–September 2017) rather than seven months.

(b) Second, as stated above, the claim is advanced on the basis of a daily
rate of US$26,000 equivalent to approximately US$780,000 per month for the
Inpex Charter. That figure appears in an email dated 10 August 2017 from Mr
Goh. However, there is another email from Michelle Pek at Go Marine to Mr See,
Mr Stanley and Mr Ortega dated 21 September 2017 which states in material
part:

Appended below please find the USD charter collections from INPEX and the
payments been made to Otto for your information pls.

USD Charter receipt

Charter received| | | Charter paid to Otto|   
---|---|---|---|---  
Apr| 342,022.78| | Apr| 180,000.00  
May| 361,460.00| | May/Jun| 366,000.00  
Jun| 349,800.00| | Jul| 186,000.00  
Jul| 361,460.00| | |   
  
(c) As to these figures, there was some debate as to whether the figures in
the column under the heading “Charter received” means “gross hire” or “net
earnings”, ie, charter hire less operating costs. On the basis of this email,
it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the figures in the first
column showed gross hire and that the actual amount of gross hire received was
therefore substantially less than the figure of US$26,000 per day suggested by
the plaintiffs and indeed was approximately half that sum. On the evidence, it
is simply impossible to reconcile these figures. But if the figures in the
reproduced tables are correct and are to be taken as the approximate monthly
gross hire, then the total gross hire that would have been received over the
six month period would have been much less than that claimed by the
plaintiffs, ie, approximately US$2m rather than the figure of US$5.46m.

(d) On behalf of the defendant, it was submitted that, in any event, the
Charterers would have been entitled to deduct from any gross hire that was
paid or should have been paid into the Earnings Account their operating costs
which were said to fall in the range US$18,000–US$21,000 per day equivalent to
approximately US$540,000–US$630,000 per month; and that on this basis the
actual net earnings would have been approximately US$150,000 per month, ie,
only US$900,000 (6 x 150,000) over the six month period or, at most US$240,000
per month (if the gross hire figure is taken as US$780,000 per month), ie,
approximately US$1.4m over the six month period. Further, it was submitted on
behalf of the defendant that whatever the strict legal position was or may
have been, the plaintiffs had waived their right to have the vessel’s (gross)
earnings paid into the Earnings Account.

267 These points are not easy to resolve in particular because the terms of
the Inpex Charter are uncertain; and the evidence as to what charter hire was
payable and paid is not only sketchy but contradictory. Further, although
there is no written agreement or contemporaneous document evidencing any
“waiver” of the Charterers’ obligation to pay earnings into the Earnings
Account and although, again, the evidence is sketchy, it seems highly probable
that, at the very least, there was a course of conduct whereby operating
expenses were deducted from charter hire paid under the Inpex Charter and that
this must have been known to the plaintiffs. It is right to say that there is
no specific evidence that this was so but it seems highly improbable that the
position could have been otherwise and, in such circumstances, we do not
consider that the plaintiffs would be entitled to rely on clause 56 of the
BBC.

268 In light of the above, our conclusion is that the plaintiffs have failed
to establish that the sum of US$5.46m was “wrongly” diverted but that, on a
balance of probabilities, some US$900,000 (ie, the much lower net earnings
figure put forward by counsel on behalf of the defendant) which should have
been paid into the Earnings Account was wrongly diverted during the period
April to September 2017. Further, it is our conclusion this was the result of
the failure by the defendant to exercise best endeavours under the Letters of
Support.

US$30m new working capital facility purportedly granted by OCBC in favour of
Ample Skill

269 Finally, under this section, it is necessary to consider what has been
referred to as the Ample Skill Facility under the Ample Skill FA dated 28 June
2017 (as defined at [234(b)] above). Ample Skill, as explained earlier (at
[217(c)] and [227] above), was wholly owned by the defendant. In summary, it
was the defendant’s pleaded case that he had, in the exercise of his best
endeavours under the Letters of Support “procured a further working capital
loan of about USD 30 million from OCBC Bank in 2017 in favour of Ample Skill
to be used for the Guarantor as part of a bilateral debt restructuring
exercising between [OML] and OCBC”.

270 However, the evidence relating to this alleged facility is most
unsatisfactory. To the extent that such evidence exists, the position is both
confused and confusing.

271 As submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, there is no admissible evidence
before this court which evidences this alleged facility. In particular,
although the defendant purported to exhibit a copy of the Ample Skill FA
between Ample Skill and OCBC as an exhibit to his 2nd supplementary affidavit
of evidence-in-chief, the defendant has not proven the document in the manner
required by ss 63 to 67 of the Evidence Act.

272 Be this as it may, it appears on the face of the document itself that the
purpose of the Ample Skill FA was primarily to restructure OML’s existing
loans from OCBC in respect of the financing of ten vessels (the “OCBC
Vessels”) owned by various subsidiaries within the OM Group. To this end, the
Ample Skill FA contemplated that the OCBC Vessels (or the relevant vessel
owning companies) would be transferred from the OM Group to Ample Skill or its
subsidiaries. Particulars of the OCBC Vessels and the relevant vessel-owning
companies are set out at Schedule 3, Part 3 of the Ample Skill FA. Pursuant to
clause 3.1 of the Ample Skill FA, the facility comprised two components:

(a) The RCF I Facility was to be used to refinance existing facilities
extended by OCBC to OML, its subsidiaries and/or its associated companies as
well as to refinance existing facilities granted to Ample Skill by way of a
facility letter dated 16 September 2016 (which the defendant has not
disclosed). The RCF I Facility Limit is defined in clause 1.1 as
“…US$203,000,000, less any amount cancelled or reduced pursuant to the terms
of [the Ample Skill FA]”.

(b) The RCF II Facility was to “finance the working capital requirements of…
[Ample Skill] and its Subsidiaries, and… the Otto Group” [emphasis added]. The
RCF II Facility Limit is defined in clause 1.1 as “… US$30,000,000, less any
amount cancelled or reduced pursuant to the terms of [the Ample Skill FA]”.
However, clause 4.5 of the Ample Skill FA states:

4.5 Additional Condition for Utilisation of the RCF II Facility

The amount available for Utilisation under the RCF II Facility shall be the
lower of: (a) three (3) times the amount provided by [the Defendant] to the
Otto Group as described in Clause 19.26 (Loan or Equity Injection into the
Otto Group; and (b) the RCF II Facility Limit [i.e. USD 30 million].

[emphasis in original]

Further, clause 19.26.1 provides that “[Ample Skill] shall procure that [the
Defendant] shall provide [OML] and its Subsidiaries with a new loan or inject
additional equity of up to US$10,000,000 (the “Capital Injection”)” [emphasis
in original]. In other words, the amount that could be borrowed under the RCF
II Facility was in fact three times of any new funding provided by the
defendant to the OM Group, up to a maximum of US$30m. Additionally, the Ample
Skill FA stipulated that OCBC would obtain inter alia the following security,
viz, (a) a personal guarantee from the defendant for US$87.25m: see, for
example, clause 1.1 of the Ample Skill FA (defining the terms “Guarantee” and
“Guarantor”); (b) a pledge over Ample Skill’s holdings of around 270 million
shares in another company, ie, Balamara (see [115] above); and (c) mortgages
over the OCBC Vessels.

273 In summary, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, it would appear that
the main purpose of the Ample Skill FA was a bilateral restructuring of OML’s
debt owed to OCBC. It was in fact nothing more than a transaction under which
the defendant gave OCBC additional security in respect of alleged existing
loans previously granted to OML. The provision of new working capital was in
fact a peripheral aspect of the Ample Skill FA with the main focus being to
restructure the existing OML loans, the effect of which was that OCBC (a) was
effectively insulated from the potential insolvency of OML, having substituted
Ample Skill as its borrower in place of OML, and (b) obtained a whole suite of
security with a value far exceeding the value of purported working capital
facility of no more than US$30m granted to OML.

274 For these reasons, we do not consider that the Ample Skill FA is of any
assistance in demonstrating the exercise of best endeavours by the defendant
under the Letters of Support.

275 In any event, it remains wholly uncertain as to whether any and, if so,
what part of the Ample Skill FA was ever drawn down. Although the defendant
made bare assertions (at paragraphs 21 and 25 of his 2nd supplementary
affidavit of evidence-in-chief and under cross-examination) that the facility
was fully drawn down, it was apparent during cross-examination that he had no
personal knowledge as to whether this was in fact the case, and such
assertions were wholly unsupported by any documentary evidence. If OCBC had
disbursed the sum of US$30m under the facility to Ample Skill/OML, this would
plainly be documented.

276 Further, the defendant’s position that the facility had been fully drawn
down is inconsistent with his own pleaded case, which is that he only
personally injected US$5.2m into OML in 2017 (which injections took place on
or after 29 June 2017). Bearing in mind the terms of the Ample Skill FA as
referred to above and taking the Defendant’s case at its highest, the maximum
amount which could have been drawn down would have been US$15.6m, ie, three
times of any new funding made by the defendant.

277 We should note that it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that in
so far as the Ample Skill FA was in evidence and to the extent the defendant
failed to procure the full draw down thereunder to enable the Charterers/the
Guarantors to meet their respective obligations under the BBCs/the guarantees,
this by itself constituted a breach of his best endeavours obligations under
the Letters of Support. In other words, the plaintiffs submitted that, if
anything, they were entitled to rely upon the foregoing to show, positively,
that the defendant should have procured the further/full drawing down of the
facility and used the drawn down sums towards paying off the outstanding sums
due to the plaintiffs under the BBCs and the guarantees. In support of that
submission, the plaintiffs advanced a number of detailed arguments as to how
this might have been achieved. However, we do not accept the plaintiffs’
primary submission: in our view, the evidence falls far short of enabling the
plaintiffs themselves to advance this positive case – in particular because
the plaintiffs’ own case is that this was nothing more than a restructuring of
an existing credit facility by substituting one debtor for another. In these
circumstances, we do not consider that it is necessary or appropriate to
consider the detailed arguments as to how any funds that might have been drawn
down might have been used towards paying off the outstanding sums due to the
plaintiffs under the BBCs/the guarantees.

278 For all these reasons, it is our conclusion that the evidence with regard
to the Ample Skill Facility (such as it is) is of no assistance to either the
defendants or the plaintiffs.

Failure by the defendant to utilise his personal financial resources to
procure sufficient funding for the Charterers/the Guarantors

279 In summary, it is the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant had funds or
assets in his own name which he had or could have made available or other
funds or assets which he could have called upon from third parties (including
his family) to procure sufficient funding for the Charterers/the Guarantors.
They submit that the defendant’s failure to utilise or procure such funds, and
to apply such funds in satisfaction of the Charterers’ obligations under the
BBCs, constituted a breach of his best endeavours obligations under the
Letters of Support. As a consequence of this breach, the outstanding sums
payable to the plaintiffs under the BBCs/the guarantees were not paid in a
timely fashion (or at all). For the reasons stated above and which we do not
repeat, we have already concluded that the defendant’s obligation to exercise
best endeavours extended to the procurement for the Charterers and utilisation
of such funds by virtue of the unnumbered paragraph and clause 3 of the
Letters of Support. This section of this Judgment is therefore concerned with
the alleged breach(es) of these obligations.

280 Further, for reasons also stated above and which we again do not repeat,
we reject the defendant’s primary defence that as a matter of law, he was not
obliged under the Letters of Support to exercise best endeavours to use or
procure these funds for the Charterers. We also draw the following adverse
inferences from the defendant’s breach(es) of court orders and/or his general
disclosure obligations:

(a) that the defendant failed to disclose the various bank statements referred
to in the plaintiffs’ List of Undisclosed Documents because, if produced, they
would have been unfavourable to the Defendant; and

(b) that in particular, they would have revealed that he had sufficient
financial resources (in the form of cash in bank accounts in his name or
otherwise controlled by him) to have procured the full and timely payment of
at least the Pre-Termination Claims payable by the Charterers/the Guarantors
to the plaintiffs under the BBCs/the guarantees.

As previously stated, however, these inferences are not necessarily
determinative; and it is necessary to consider the whole of the evidence in
order to reach a final conclusion.

(1) The extent and limits of the defendant’s obligation to utilise his
personal financial resources under clause 3 of the Letters of Support

281 Before embarking on that exercise, it is also necessary to consider in
more detail the scope of the defendant’s obligations under clause 3 of the
Letters of Support. In essence, the analysis falls into two main parts. The
first relates to the plaintiffs’ claims for loss under the Pre-Termination
Claims (the “Pre-Termination Loss(es)”). Here, we have to examine whether the
defendant had the wherewithal (either from his own personal resources or from
third parties) to meet the Pre-Termination Losses (either in full or in part)
after setting off the monies that were, in breach of clause 2(a), not utilised
or wrongly diverted away from the companies instead of being used to make
payment of dues under the BBCs/the guarantees as discussed above. In other
words, the difference between the sums that fell due before termination of the
BBCs, and the sums that were diverted in breach of clause 2(a). Under clause
3, the defendant had to use best endeavours to procure for the Charterers
sufficient funds to meet such dues, subject to applicable laws. If we are
persuaded that he had the means either in full or in part to do so and that he
was in breach of his best endeavours obligations, damages to that extent will
follow.

282 The second part of the analysis relates to loss following from, or arising
as a result of, the termination of the BBCs (the “Post-Termination Loss(es)”).
Here, the relevant questions are (a) whether there is an obligation to
continue procuring funds for the Charterers/the Guarantors to enable payments
to be made under the under BBCs and the guarantees; and (b) whether that
obligation ceased, whether by operation of law (applying the test in KS Energy
([111] supra)) or by reason of the “applicable law” caveat in clause 3.

283 On the first question, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that
the defendant remained under an obligation to use best endeavours to procure
further funds for the Charterers/OML following termination of the BBCs and
even after these companies entered into judicial management or indeed were
wound up. We make two observations here. First, in so far as the submission is
that the obligation under clause 3 extended to procuring funds for OML (as
opposed to the Charterers) to meet its obligations under its guarantee, that
would be correct as explained earlier. Second, none of the Charterers was in a
formal insolvency process as at the date of the relevant BBCs (though Go
Offshore filed for judicial management on 30 November 2017, 15 days after the
Go Perseus BBC was terminated).

284 That said, as a general proposition, the defendant would not be able to
fund a company in an insolvency process for the specific purpose of paying
historical liabilities owed to one creditor only. That would offend the pari
passu rule. As the companies are insolvent, such funding would be in
fulfilment of a specific debt which, ordinarily, the estate and its creditors
would have to bear. That would not be in the interests of the estate and its
creditors. General funding for the benefit of the estate as a whole (ie, all
creditors) may be possible as part of a rehabilitation exercise under judicial
management but that is not the case advanced by the plaintiffs. Further, the
provision of such general funding as part of an effort to rehabilitate the
relevant companies is inconsistent with the language of clause 3, which
requires funds to be procured to meet only the liabilities under the BBCs/the
guarantees. Rather, pursuant to clause 3, the plaintiffs’ contention is, and
indeed must be, that funding is procured for the Charterers for the specific
purpose of meeting the liabilities under the BBCs/the guarantees. Even if
funding for the specific purpose of meeting liabilities under the BBCs/the
guarantees were possible, which we do not accept, the plaintiffs have led no
evidence of the prospect of such offer of funding being accepted by the
judicial manager/liquidator. Even if any such offer of funding was accepted,
it is also quite impossible to determine what the terms of the funding would
have been.

285 In support of their submission, the plaintiffs advanced two main
arguments: (a) under clause 4 of the Letters of Support, the obligations
thereunder are said to “remain valid and binding notwithstanding any
bankruptcy, receivership or liquidation of, or moratorium involving the
Guarantor and Charterers”; and (b) a company might be rehabilitated following
judicial management.

286 We have already briefly touched upon the parties’ submissions on the scope
and effect of clause 4 of the Letters of Support and do not propose to repeat
what we have already said. For present purposes, it is sufficient to note that
it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the plaintiffs’ position is
contrary to settled law that (a) the obligation to use all best endeavours
only requires the obligor to go on using such endeavours until the point is
reached when all such endeavours have been exhausted and (b) if there is an
insuperable obstacle to procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome, the
obligor is not required to do anything more to overcome other problems that
may have been resolved.

287 Further, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that once the
Charterers (and Guarantors) were insolvent, that was the end of the road in so
far as any best endeavours obligations were concerned; that it was at that
point that all previous endeavours were exhausted because, by definition, once
the companies were insolvent they were no longer “solvent and a going concern”
in accordance with the Going Concern Obligation, ie, clause 2(b) of the
Letters of Support; that performance of the Liquidity Obligation, ie, clause
2(a) and Sufficient Funds Obligation, ie, clause 3 would not have had a
significant or real prospect of success because this would have required the
defendant to procure finance for an insolvent company; and that there is a
limit to the defendant’s obligations.

288 In summary, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the Guarantor
and the Charterers entered into an insolvency process in liability positions
that were too large to salvage; that in accordance with the authorities (viz
Jet2 ([162(d)] supra) and Astor ([162(e)] supra)), once it became clear that
the Guarantor and Charterers could never expect to operate as going concerns,
the defendant was not obliged to incur losses (and of course the defendant’s
case was that he was not under such an obligation in the first place) in
seeking to support a failing business; and that regardless of the nature of
the defendant’s best endeavours obligations, once that stage was reached, the
defendant’s obligations, in particular under clause 3 of the Letters of
Support, ceased.

289 As to these submissions, our observations and conclusions are as follows:

(a) We readily accept that clause 4 of the Letters of Support is expressed in
very wide terms.

(b) In principle, we also accept that it follows that the effect of clause 4
is that the rights and obligations under the Letters of Support do not
automatically cease on the occurrence of an event of bankruptcy, receivership,
liquidation or moratorium of the Charterers/OML.

(c) However, clause 4 does not, of itself, create any new or discrete
obligations. The overriding point of importance is that the defendant’s
obligations are limited to the exercise of “best endeavours” for the purposes
stated in the body of the Letters of Support and, as the authorities make
plain, such obligation is not open-ended or unlimited. In particular, the
obligor need only do that which has a significant or real prospect of success
in procuring the contractually-stipulated outcome. Borrowing words from the
decision of the Court of Appeal in Jet2, although financial cost cannot be a
trump card to extricate an obligor from what would otherwise be his
obligation, an obligor is not obliged to promote or prop up a failing business
– at least where there is no significant or real prospect of such business
being able to operate satisfactorily.

For all these reasons, it is our conclusion that the obligation under clause 3
of the Letters of Support ceased upon the commencement of formal insolvency
proceedings by the Charterers. As discussed above, the obligation is to
procure funds “for the Charterers” and the commencement of formal insolvency
proceedings by the Charterers makes the performance of that obligation not
possible. The commencement of a formal insolvency process would therefore be
the long-stop date for the obligation under clause 3. Thus, for the Go Perseus
BBC, the relevant long-stop date would be 30 November 2017, when Go Offshore
filed for judicial management. As for the Go Phoenix and Go Pegasus BBCs, the
relevant long-stop date would be when Otto Fleet was ordered to be wound up on
10 July 2019 (noting that Otto Fleet was served a statutory demand on 8
October 2018 which it did not satisfy).

290 But that is not the end of the inquiry. The Go Phoenix and Go Pegasus BBCs
were terminated on 31 January 2018 well before the commencement of formal
insolvency proceedings by Otto Fleet. The termination of the Go Perseus BBC
was on 15 November 2017, 15 days before the commencement of formal insolvency
proceedings by Go Offshore. Given that the dates for termination of the BBCs
pre-dated the commencement of formal insolvency proceedings by the relevant
Charterers, a separate question arises: for the purpose of computing the
plaintiffs’ claim for Post-Termination Loss, did the defendant’s obligations
under clause 3 end even earlier than the relevant long-stop dates?

291 As regards the Go Phoenix and Pegasus BBCs, in our judgment, by 31 January
2018, OML and Otto Fleet, and indeed the entire OM Group, were too far gone to
be saved without the intervention of a formal insolvency and restructuring
process and even then, such judicial management (and the prospect of
successful rehabilitation) was gravely uncertain, as the subsequent
liquidation of OML showed. The following facts are pertinent. First, Go
Offshore had filed for judicial management on 30 November 2017. Second, in
recognition of the overall financial malaise, the plaintiffs terminated the Go
Pegasus and Go Phoenix BBCs on 31 January 2018, and issued statutory demands
on 6 February 2018 which were not satisfied. This raised the presumption of
insolvency under the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). Third, shortly after
the termination of these BBCs, OML, the parent company of Otto Fleet, filed
for judicial management on 20 February 2018. Collectively these confirmed that
the situation for the OM Group as a whole looked bleak and was no longer
salvageable by 31 January 2018.

292 As such, it would not be reasonable to expect the defendant to throw good
money after bad. The fact that the plaintiffs had terminated the BBCs is an
admission that they too thought there was no utility in keeping the BBCs alive
in the hope that the defendant could perform clause 3. Thus, it is our
conclusion that as regards the Go Phoenix and Go Pegasus BBCs and the
corresponding guarantees, the defendant’s obligation under clause 3 ended on
31 January 2018 (the date of termination of those BBCs). No Post-Termination
Loss is therefore claimable under clause 3 of the Letters of Support.

293 As noted earlier, the Go Perseus BBC was terminated earlier than the other
BBCs, ie, on 15 November 2017, and the Charterer, Go Offshore, applied for
judicial management on 30 November 2017. Given that formal insolvency
proceedings were commenced by Go Offshore just 15 days after the termination
of the Go Perseus BBC, it must be that Go Offshore was no longer financially
viable on 15 November 2017. The situation was too far gone to be saved without
the intervention of formal insolvency proceedings. Go Offshore’s judicial
management application cements the point. Accordingly, it would not be
reasonable to expect the defendant to throw good money after bad at that stage
(ie, 15 November 2017). In any event, after the commencement of formal
insolvency proceedings on 30 November 2017, there was no longer any
possibility of funding Go Offshore for reasons provided earlier. For these
reasons, it is our conclusion that the defendant’s obligations under clause 3
of the Letter of Support in relation to the Go Perseus continued until that
date, ie, 15 November 2017, but no later.

294 The foregoing is subject to an important caveat with regard to the
plaintiffs’ claim that the defendant failed to provide the mortgage over the
Bintulu Hotel. We deal with this claim later in this Judgment. In summary, it
is our conclusion that the defendant did indeed fail to provide such mortgage;
that such failure was a breach of the defendant’s best endeavours obligations
under the Letters of Support; that, as a result of such breach, the plaintiffs
suffered loss in that they were deprived of security to cover their losses
including Post-Termination Loss even after 31 January 2018; and that the
defendant is accordingly liable in damages to that extent.

(2) The defendant’s alleged liabilities

295 Before considering the various assets which the plaintiffs say were
available to the defendant, it is important to note that the defendant
asserted in his supplementary affidavit of evidence-in-chief that his net
asset position was very limited because he had numerous personal “liabilities”
said to total some US$376,810,000 in respect of certain alleged personal
guarantees issued to various third parties including OCBC, DBS, “Sunchase”
(which we understand refers possibly to SunChase Investments LLC), “LSH”
(which is an acronym for Lei Shing Hong, and which we understand refers
possibly to Lei Shing Hong Capital (Singapore) Pte Ltd) and RHB. We fully
recognise that any such “liabilities” (whether actual or contingent) could
potentially be very important and even critical to an assessment of the
defendant’s overall financial position and, in particular, to whether or not
he complied with his best endeavours obligations under the Letters of Support.
However, there are a number of significant difficulties in evaluating the
defendant’s assertion.

296 First, as stated in paragraph 8 of the defendant’s affidavit of evidence-
in-chief, his evidence with regard to his alleged “liabilities” refers to the
position as at May to July 2019. However, as submitted on behalf of the
plaintiffs, such evidence is irrelevant to the state or extent of his
liabilities (if any) during the relevant period which is the focus of the
present proceedings, ie, 2016–2018.

297 Second, the defendant’s various assertions as to his so-called
“liabilities” were generally unsupported by any proper contemporaneous
documentation with regard to their existence or quantum. Further, he does not
provide any factual account of the circumstances allegedly giving rise to the
issuance of these purported personal guarantees, the underlying debt
(including, critically, its quantum) at the relevant period, the identity or
financial status of the borrower he was guaranteeing (eg, the defendant never
stated with any meaningful precision which specific entity he was referring to
when he mentioned “Sunchase”), and/or the value of alternative security which
the lender might have recourse to before it might be necessary for the lender
to make a call upon one of his personal guarantees. As submitted on behalf of
the plaintiffs, this information would be critical to any proper assessment of
the defendant’s potential liability under the alleged personal guarantees and
the likelihood (if any) that they would be called upon. On this basis alone,
the plaintiffs submitted that the defendant had failed to discharge the burden
of proof on him to prove these fundamental matters, and that these were
irremediable defects in the factual evidence. We accept that submission.

298 For the avoidance of doubt, we fully recognise that a significant part of
Mr Sutton’s expert evidence and his overall conclusions were based upon or at
least took account of these so-called “liabilities”. However, the validity and
cogency of such expert evidence necessarily depends upon a sufficient factual
foundation, ie, proper proof of the existence and terms of any personal
guarantees and any relevant facts which might assist in determining if they
were “due” or, if not, if and when they might be called upon. Without such
proper primary factual proof, such expert evidence is of little, if any,
value. Here, there was no such sufficient primary factual proof. Moreover, Mr
Sutton’s opinions were founded upon the assumption that the various personal
guarantees asserted by the defendant were “due” in that calls had been made on
them; but there was no independent evidence to support that assumption and
certainly no contemporaneous documentary evidence to that effect. Such
documentation would certainly exist and would have been subject to disclosure
by the defendant if these guarantees had, in truth, been “due”.

299 For these reasons, it is our conclusion that the evidence of Mr Sutton in
this context does not assist the defendant. We agree with the plaintiffs that
the defendant's evidence in respect of these so-called “liabilities” should be
given little to no weight.

300 We should note that the plaintiffs advanced a number of more detailed
submissions with regard to these so-called “liabilities”. For example, the
guarantee said to have been provided to OCBC (giving rise to an alleged
“liability” of US$87.5m) could only have been issued in or around June 2017
and would thus be irrelevant to the defendant’s best endeavours obligations
prior to that date; and, as admitted by the defendant, LSH (in whose favour
the defendant asserted that his “liability” was some US$308.5m) is a company
owned by his family. In any case, these are unnecessary considerations given
our conclusion as stated in the previous paragraph.

301 We turn then to consider the evidence and the parties’ submissions with
regard to the defendant’s own assets or those that he might have been able to
call upon from certain third parties.

(3) Personal bank balances and deposits

302 The starting point is the defendant’s total known cash balances (based on
the documents that have been disclosed) during the relevant period. We set out
below these cash balances for the period between November 2016 and August 2018
as relied upon by the plaintiffs in their factual closing submissions,
although consistent with our conclusions as set out above, the relevant
balances are those existing up to 31 January 2018 covering the period in
respect of all Pre-Termination Loss claims for the BBCs as well as any Post-
Termination Loss claims for the Go Perseus BBC from 15 November 2017 to 31
January 2018 (hereinafter referred to compendiously as the “Potentially
Relevant Claims”):

Month| Sum of closing balances| Sum of maximum balances  
---|---|---  
November 2016| US$5,218,571.57| US$8,012,944.43  
February 2017| US$5,100,211.32| US$5,727,612.40  
May 2017| US$5,143,623.37| US$5,533,990.00  
August 2017| US$5,095,099.61| US$7,877,119.89  
November 2017| US$4,473,473.49| US$6,046,876.69  
February 2018| US$4,538,633.54| US$5,487,540.81  
May 2018| US$3,385,062.40| US$4,471,479.01  
August 2018| US$3,858,445.26 | US$4,108,557.84   
  
We note that based on the underlying financial documents, it appears that some
of the numbers above, which were provided in the plaintiffs’ factual closing
submissions, are inaccurate, albeit the plaintiffs only erred on the side of
marginally understating the closing and maximum balances in the defendant’s
various bank accounts. We will hold the plaintiffs to their submitted case
(which, in any event, does not unfairly prejudice either party on both issues
of liability and quantum).

303 Further, during the period October 2016 to August 2018, it appears from
the bank statements for the defendant’s RHB bank accounts that the defendant
received numerous cash deposits of substantial value. The deposits are
summarised in the tables below. Again, consistent with our conclusions as set
out above, the relevant deposits are those made up to 31 January 2018. The
amounts reflected in the table were provided by the plaintiffs in their
factual closing submissions, subject to certain corrections based on the
underlying financial documents:

RHB x/xx/xxxxxx/09

S/N| Relevant month| Deposits  
---|---|---  
1| October 2016| S$134,880.35  
2| November 2016| S$3,327,685.13  
3| December 2016| S$752,557.79  
4| January 2017| S$1,200,246.04  
5| April 2017| S$820,083.20  
6| June 2017| S$6,191,202.39  
7| August 2017| S$500,587.06  
8| September 2017| S$3,844,182.16  
9| October 2017| S$350,831.83  
10| November 2017| S$100,002.44  
  
RHB x/xx/xxxxxx/04

S/N| Relevant month| Deposits  
---|---|---  
1| January 2017| US$3,000,108.65  
2| February 2017| US$10,847.70  
3| March 2017| US$819,995  
4| April 2017| US$165,002.35  
5| June 2017| US$400,004.24  
6| July 2017| US$1,565,134.51  
7| August 2017| US$5,564,965  
8| September 2017| US$2,612,241.93  
9| November 2017| US$2,347,635.07  
10| December 2017| US$3,933,468.17  
11| January 2018| US$558,964.96  
  
304 Prima facie, we accept that these funds up to 31 January 2018 could have
been – but were not – utilised by the defendant to satisfy his best endeavours
obligations under the Letters of Support. However, as stated above, we also
readily accept that the defendant’s failure to use such funds for that purpose
does not necessarily constitute a breach of the best endeavours obligations
under the Letters of Support on the basis that if an obligee can point to
steps which the obligor (subject to a best endeavours obligation) could have
taken, it is always open for such obligor to show that these steps were not
reasonably required or that they would have been bound to fail. However, in
such circumstances, the burden of proof – at least the evidential burden of
proof – is ordinarily on the obligor to prove such matters: see KS Energy
([111] supra) at [93(e)]; EDI ([162(i)] supra) at [91].

305 Here, no adequate or sufficient explanation has been provided by the
defendant as to why these funds could not have been utilised to support the
Charterers/the Guarantors to make timely payments in respect of the
Potentially Relevant Claims. Although the funds in these accounts might
subsequently have been withdrawn in whole or in part by the defendant, no
satisfactory explanation or evidence has been provided by the defendant as to
when or how such funds were withdrawn or for what purpose (legitimate or
otherwise), still less to establish (a) that the utilisation of these funds
was not reasonably required (for whatever reason) to support the
Charterers/the Guarantors to make timely payments in respect of the
Potentially Relevant Claims, or (b) positively that such funds were reasonably
required for some other (and, if so, what) purpose. In any event, any such
enquiry would require consideration of the totality of the funds and assets
available to the defendant; and, at the risk of repetition, that is simply
unavailable because of the defendant’s failure to provide proper disclosure as
referred to above.

306 In expressing the above conclusion, we should emphasise that we have taken
fully into account the defendant’s assertion (raised, for the first time, at
trial) that he was unable to utilise monies in another RHB fixed deposit
account (no x/xx/xxxxxx/07) because some US$3.8m of these funds was subject to
a pledge since 2008 to support a facility of a company owned by his family.
However, apart from the defendant’s bare and unparticularised assertion, we
accept the plaintiffs’ submission that there is simply no admissible evidence
as to the existence, terms, and status of the alleged pledge which had
purportedly been in existence since 2008 (including whether it had previously
been discharged); and/or the status of the underlying loan (ie, whether and to
what extent it was outstanding) which the pledge purportedly secured.

307 Thus, on the evidence, it is our conclusion that the defendant has failed
to demonstrate the existence of the alleged pledge, and to show that any such
pledge prevented him from using his monies to support the Charterers/the
Guarantors to make timely payments in respect of the Potentially Relevant
Claims. To that extent, we accept that the defendant was in breach of his best
endeavours obligation under the Letters of Support.

(4) Shares in public listed companies

308 The defendant had, at all material times in 2016 and up to 31 January
2018, shareholdings in various listed companies including Weyland Tech Inc,
New Age Exploration Limited, Sumatra Copper & Gold PLC, Sihayo Gold Ltd,
Intrepid Mines Limited, and Perjawa Holdings Bhd. Mr Manning estimated the
total value of these shareholdings at various times in 2016 and 2017 to be
between US$3m to US$4.7m. (Mr Manning did not take the values of Intrepid
Mines Limited and Perjawa Holdings Bhd into account in arriving at this
valuation). These valuations are broadly in line with the estimates made by
the defendant’s expert (Mr Sutton) at specific points in time (ie, 31 December
2016 and 31 December 2017), viz, around US$4.32m and US$4.45m respectively.
The plaintiffs’ position is that the defendant could have liquidated these
publicly traded shares in listed companies at the material times and utilised
the sale proceeds to provide support to the Charterers/the Guarantors, and
that his failure to do so constituted a breach of his best endeavours
obligations under the Letters of Support.

309 During the trial, the defendant gave various explanations as to why this
was not possible. In particular, he asserted for the first time in cross-
examination that he could not sell these shares despite the fact that they
were shares in listed companies, because the trading volumes were too thin;
and that he had attempted an off-market sale of these shares at various
(unspecified) times but had not managed to sell them. However, there was no
explanation from the defendant as to why, if that was the case, he did not
make the point earlier (in any of the three affidavits of evidence-in-chief
which he had filed by 20 November 2019). Further, as submitted on behalf of
the plaintiffs, the defendant has not provided any contemporaneous documents
which might support his bald assertions. In the circumstances, we are unable
to accept the defendant’s explanations.

310 For these reasons and in the absence of any other explanation as to why
these shares could not have been sold and the proceeds utilised to support the
Charterers/the Guarantors, it is our conclusion that the failure to do so
constituted a breach of the defendant’s best endeavours obligations to support
the Charterers/the Guarantors to make timely payments in respect of the
Potentially Relevant Claims.

(5) Shares in privately held companies

311 It is common ground that the defendant also held various shares or had
interests in numerous private companies at the material times up to 31 January
2018. As a result of the defendant’s failure to provide proper disclosure, the
full extent of such assets remains uncertain. However, it is the plaintiffs’
case that the defendant could have raised funds by selling or pledging his
shareholdings in at least the following companies (of which certain disclosure
had been provided) and that the failure to do so and to use the proceeds to
support the Charterers/the Guarantors was a breach of his best endeavours
obligations under the Letters of Support. The relevant companies are: Perdana
ParkCity Sdn Bhd (“Perdana ParkCity”); Yaw Holding Sdn Bhd (“Yaw Holding”);
Ample Skill/Balamara; Hyoil; Yawson Investment Group Ltd (“Yawson”); and
Business Companion Investment Limited (“BCI”). We consider the defendant’s
shareholdings in each of these companies below.

(A) Perdana ParkCity

312 Company searches on Perdana ParkCity show the defendant to be the holder
of 500,000 shares (or a 7.87% stake) in that company. It is obvious from the
limited publicly available financial information regarding Perdana ParkCity
that it is a very valuable company: it had total net assets (assets minus
liabilities) in 2016 and up to (at least) 31 January 2018 between RM1.2bn to
1.3bn. On this basis, the defendant’s share of the company’s equity would be
around RM100m. During the three years (2016, 2017 and 2018), it had very
sizeable revenues (respectively RM905,593,732, RM841,013,234, and
RM631,471,361) and profits after tax (respectively RM250,058,426,
RM201,259,431, and RM158,916,944). In 2014, 2015, and 2016, the company paid
total dividends of RM20,000,000, RM40,000,000 and RM16,000,000 respectively.
The defendant’s share of these dividends, based on his 7.87% shareholding,
would have totalled RM5,981,200. Moreover, in each of the two years in 2017
and 2018, Perdana ParkCity declared dividends of RM100,000,000. Assuming that
the defendant’s share of the dividends was 7.87% of the total (ie, in
proportion with his shareholdings), he would have obtained dividends of
RM7,870,000 for each of these years.

313 On this basis, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the
defendant could have sold or alternatively pledged his shares in Perdana
ParkCity (and/or any dividend payments derived from the same) as collateral
security for a bank loan at a suitable multiple of the historic annual rate of
dividends declared by the company (this was addressed in Mr Manning’s report
which we discuss shortly); and that his failure to do so constituted a breach
of his best endeavours obligations under the Letters of Support.

314 In cross examination, the defendant confirmed that he had never attempted
to sell or pledge his shares in Perdana ParkCity at the relevant time. In
summary, his evidence was that he had only held 500,000 redeemable Preference
B shares in that company (which he characterised as “a loan of [RM500,000]” to
Perdana ParkCity) with a total value of only RM500,000; and that the dividends
referred to above were not paid to him in his capacity as a holder of the
redeemable Preference B shares although he accepted that some form of dividend
was paid to him during the relevant period.

315 However, the defendant’s evidence that he only held redeemable Preference
B shares is unsupported by contemporaneous documents and is inconsistent with
the company searches referred to above. The only document that the defendant
has put forward in support of his claim is a “Special Resolution No 3:
Amendment to the Articles of Association on Rights of Class B Redeemable
Preference Shares” (exhibited at pp 16–17 of his 2nd supplementary affidavit
of evidence-in-chief) (the “PPC Special Resolution”). However, it was
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that that document is inadmissible
because it had not been properly proven despite the plaintiffs’ challenge to
its authenticity and also because it falls foul of the hearsay rule. It was
further submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that in any event, little, if
any, weight should be given to the document even if it were admitted in
evidence because:

(a) it was disclosed at a very late stage;

(b) it was another good example of “selective” disclosure, ie, the defendant
had failed to provide any other documents which might support his bald
assertions (including, for example, the full Articles of Association, any
emails from his email addresses viz csyaw@ppcity.com.my and
csyaw.om@ppcity.com.my, or documentary evidence as to (i) how the foregoing
dividends in the relevant years were distributed and (ii) any resolutions
passed by the directors as to the dividends payable to holders of the
Preference B shares); and

(c) the document is plainly redacted and also incomplete (it appears to
consist of three pages but only two pages have been exhibited by the
defendant).

316 Further, without waiving the plaintiffs’ objection to the authenticity of
the purported PPC Special Resolution, it was submitted on behalf of the
plaintiffs that the terms of that document contradicted the defendant’s
position that he did not receive any share of the dividends. In particular,
sub-paragraph (iv) of Article 5B of the PPC Special Resolution states in
material part:

The holders of the RPS “B” shall be entitled to dividends at a rate to be
determined by the Directors on the nominal amount of the RPS “B” in issue and
held by them. Such right to dividend shall be cumulative, and together with
any arrears in dividend, shall rank ahead of any payment of any dividends on
any other classes of shares in the capital of the Company, and no dividend
shall be declared in respect of any other classes of shares in respect of any
financial year or accounting period of the Company without declaring the
dividend payable in respect of the RPS “B”.

[emphasis added]

317 In light of the foregoing, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs
that the court should draw an adverse inference against the defendant in
respect of his shareholdings in Perdana ParkCity and find that the defendant
held/holds 7.87% of the total issued ordinary shares in Perdana ParkCity;
alternatively, that even if the defendant held Preference B shares, the
defendant would at least have obtained a share of the dividends declared
during the relevant years on an equal footing with other ordinary
shareholders; and that accordingly, the defendant’s interest (whatever its
nature) in Perdana ParkCity could have been sold or pledged for enough value
such as to enable him to obtain further funding in furtherance of his best
endeavours obligations.

318 In broad terms, we accept those submissions. However, we are uncertain as
to the actual value of such interest; whether it would have been possible in
practice for the defendant to pledge the shares; and, if so, on what terms.
The evidence of Mr Manning in his first report was that the defendant could,
short of selling his shares, have raised finance by pledging his shares and
any dividend payments thereunder as collateral for a loan from a bank “at a
suitable multiple of the historic annual rate of dividends declared by the
company (say 5 to 10 times)”. On this basis, it was submitted on behalf of the
plaintiffs that even taking the lowest rate of dividend paid to the Defendant
of US$315,000 in 2016, the defendant could have obtained financing of between
US$1.5m to US$3m by pledging these shares.

319 Mr Sutton disagreed. Thus, in cross-examination, his evidence was as
follows:

A: A bank who has a relationship with a family member or a family group is not
going to agree to take a pledge, a minority pledge, over 4.5 per cent of a
family company unless there is an understanding that if they enforce, a family
member is expected to bail them out. I think exactly for the relationship
issue that Mr Manning identified that there would need to be a pre-coded
understanding with the family as to they're expected to buy the shares. I
don't consider that there is a genuine third-party market for those shares. It
provides no control. It provides no input into strategic direction and anyone
who bought those shares would be coming along for a ride with the family. And
I don't know, as you say, there may be restrictions on who can own the shares
too …

320 Mr Manning agreed that there was no genuine third-party market for these
shares. However, in cross-examination his evidence was that he:

… [did not think] it [was] unreasonable to assume that a very strong banking
relationship would be prepared to extend to lending against shares in a very
successful company in the full knowledge that those shares, if they needed to
be redeemed, would be redeemed by another family member who would want to buy
those shares anyway. The question is how much, and we simply don't know how
much.

321 In our judgment, this answer highlights the critical weakness of this part
of the plaintiffs’ case: even assuming that the defendant had a substantial
stake in Perdana ParkCity, it was still only a relatively small minority stake
in what was a family company and, as both experts agreed, there was no genuine
third-party market for these shares. It follows that the possibility of any
pledge would have depended on the existence of very special circumstances (as
to which we are extremely doubtful); and even then, Mr Manning did not know
and could not say what the value of any such pledge might have been. For these
reasons, we are unpersuaded that the failure by the defendant to pledge these
shares constituted a breach by the defendant of his best endeavours obligation
in the Letters of Support or otherwise caused any relevant loss to the
plaintiffs. For the sake of completeness, we should mention that the
plaintiffs did not run the case that the dividends that were declared to the
defendant in 2016 and 2017 (of which we have no evidence) could have been used
to fund the payment of the dues under the BBCs/the guarantees.

(B) Yaw Holding

322 It is undisputed that the defendant held 3,750 shares (or a 4.51% stake)
throughout the period from (at least) 2016 to early 2019 in Yaw Holding. In
summary, it is the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant could have sold and/or
pledged these shares to provide support for the Charterers/the Guarantors in
performance of his best endeavours obligations under the Letters of Support.

323 Yaw Holding is the ultimate holding company of the Yaw family for the
Samling Group. As submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, it would seem that
Yaw Holding was, at all material times, a very sizeable company indeed. As
mentioned in the Samling Group website, the Samling Group consists of three
arms: Samling Strategic Corporation Sdn Bhd (timber based), Glenealy
Plantations Sdn Bhd (oil palm based), and Perdana ParkCity (property
development). As stated above, the equity in Perdana ParkCity alone for the
period of 2016 to 2018 was RM1.2 to 1.3bn.

324 Despite this, and in breach of the Asset Disclosure Order, the defendant
has failed to provide discovery of any financial information regarding Yaw
Holding or the value of his interest in that company. The prejudice to the
plaintiffs resulting from the defendant’s failure to make disclosure is even
more pronounced given the complete absence of any publicly available financial
information regarding Yaw Holding during the relevant period.

325 In addition to the defendant’s failure to make proper disclosure with
regard to his interest in Yaw Holding, his evidence with regard thereto was
most unsatisfactory. Initially, he vacillated and was unable, or unwilling, to
state clearly whether he had received dividends in the period from 2016 to at
least 31 January 2018 for his shares in Yaw Holding. After stating that he did
receive dividends in the form of “red packets” from his brother at Chinese New
Year, he retracted the answer stating variously that he did not remember, or
that Yaw Holding did not declare any dividends, or that even if Yaw Holding
did declare a dividend he never received it.

326 On behalf of the plaintiffs, it was submitted that (a) it is not credible
that the defendant should be unable to recall whether he received dividends
from his family’s key holding company for the Samling Group; and (b) given Yaw
Holding’s role as the ultimate holding company in the Samling Group, the
company was “reasonably likely” to have declared dividends on a regular basis
(so that the profits of the Samling Group would be distributed at regular
intervals to the Yaw family). We accept that submission.

327 Even so, in the absence of proper disclosure by the defendant and for the
same reasons as we have concluded with regard to the defendant’s shares in
Perdana ParkCity, it is a matter of some uncertainty as to whether it would
have been possible for the defendant to sell or pledge his shares in Yaw
Holding and, if so, the value of any such sale or pledge.

328 The evidence of Mr Sutton was that unless there was significant
cooperation from family members, he did not think that it would have been
possible to pledge or raise money on the back of these shares. That may well
be right. However, there was no specific evidence to suggest that such
cooperation would not be forthcoming, and we can see no reason why this would
be so.

329 The position is further complicated by the fact that, out of the blue, the
defendant asserted for the first time in his 2nd supplementary affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (filed only on 8 November 2019 on the eve of the trial) that
he had in fact sold his shares in Yaw Holding to his brother, Yaw Chee Ming,
by way of an instrument of transfer dated 8 February 2019 for RM100m. However,
the only document relied upon by the defendant to evidence this alleged share
transfer is a purported Letter of Confirmation dated 15 October 2019,
purportedly issued by one Chew Theam Hock, which states as follows:

In my capacity as company secretary of the Company, I hereby confirm that:

Yaw Chee Siew, who was the registered holder of 3750 ordinary shares
(“Shares”) in [Yaw Holding], had by an instrument of transfer dated 8 February
2019 for a consideration of RM 100 million (as stated in the instrument of
transfer), transferred all the Shares to Yaw Chee Ming as settlement of debts
owing to Yaw Chee Ming. The transfer to Yaw Chee Ming was approved by the
Board of Directors of Yaw Holding on vide the resolution of the board of
directors dated 7th February 2019 (as enclosed). At this juncture, the
aforesaid instrument of transfer for the transfer of the Shares and also the
original share certificates evidencing the Shares have been lodged with me as
the Company Secretary of Yaw Holding and the process of registration is
currently underway. The instrument of transfer has been sent for adjudication
of stamp duty and upon adjudication and proper stamping, I will have
authority, as Company Secretary to register the transfer and effect the change
in register of members of Yaw Holding.

330 The plaintiffs have challenged the authenticity of this document and,
absent proper proof, we accept that it is strictly inadmissible. Moreover, the
defendant has chosen not to provide discovery of obviously relevant documents
including (a) the purported resolution of the Board of Directors of Yaw
Holding dated 7 February 2019 purportedly approving the sale of the shares;
(b) the alleged share transfer instrument dated 8 February 2019; and (c) any
documents that might provide an explanation supporting the valuation of
RM100m. Thus, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the purported
share transfer in February 2019 was a convenient means for the defendant to
put forward a low valuation for his shares in Yaw Holding at RM100m, without
the plaintiffs having any information to challenge the same.

331 According to the defendant, the share transfer had been made in settlement
of debts owed to Yaw Chee Ming in respect of financial support rendered by him
for the alleged S$73m RHB loan, purportedly secured against a corporate
guarantee issued by Yaw Holding, which the defendant had procured to redeem
certain medium term notes in or around the time of the delisting (see [39] and
[222(a)] above). However, there is no documentary evidence whatsoever to
support these further assertions. Moreover, as submitted on behalf of the
plaintiffs, the defendant’s account of events is incoherent. In particular,
the evidence of the defendant is hopelessly vague as to the circumstances
under which such payment allegedly came to be made by Yaw Chee Ming, the date
on which such payment was made, and the amount paid. No explanation has been
given as to why it fell on Yaw Chee Ming to pay part of the corporate
guarantee purportedly issued by Yaw Holding in respect of the RHB loan.

332 Moreover, company searches for Yaw Holding (both as of 2 May 2019 and 11
October 2019) continued to reflect the defendant as holding 3,750 shares (or a
4.51% stake) in the company.

333 In light of the above, our conclusions are as follows:

(a) The defendant did in fact receive substantial dividends from Yaw Holding
in 2016 to 2018.

(b) There is no proper proof of the alleged transfer of shares in Yaw Holding.

(c) Even if the share transfer had in fact taken place, there are very real
reasons to doubt the bona fides of the purported transaction for the transfer
of the defendant’s shares in Yaw Holding to his brother and the purported
valuation of RM100m in respect of the shares.

(d) In the abstract and for reasons similar to those we have expressed in
relation to the defendant’s interest in Perdana ParkCity, it is fair to say
that there might be some uncertainty as to whether the defendant could have
sold or pledged his relatively small interest in a private company like Yaw
Holding to obtain any and, if so, what monies or funding. However, regardless
of our doubts as to the value of the defendant’s shares in Yaw Holding, the
defendant’s own evidence was that he had transferred them to his brother in
February 2019 for RM100m and, as such, we accept the plaintiffs’ submission
that the defendant could have sold or pledged his shares in Yaw Holding for at
least that sum. Moreover, there is no reason to suppose that such transfer
could not have taken place earlier so as to enable the defendant to perform
his best endeavours obligations under the Letters of Support.

(e) For these reasons, it is our conclusion that the defendant’s failure to do
so constituted a breach of his best endeavours obligations to provide support
to the Charterers/the Guarantors to make timely payments in respect of the
Potentially Relevant Claims.

(C) Ample Skill/Balamara

334 In summary, it was the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant wholly owned
Ample Skill; that at the material times between 2016 up to at least 31 January
2018, Ample Skill’s major asset was 270 million shares (or approximately 33%
of the outstanding shares) of another company, Balamara; that the value of
Balamara was, at minimum, US$1.7bn with the result that the defendant’s
interest in Ample Skill had a derived value of approximately US$545m; that the
defendant could have sold and/or pledged his indirect shareholding in Balamara
(or, for that matter, his shareholding in Ample Skill) for this amount and
used the proceeds to support the Charterers/the Guarantors; and that his
failure to do so constituted a breach of his best endeavours obligations under
the Letters of Support.

335 It is common ground that the defendant was the indirect owner of the
shares in Balamara through his shareholding in Ample Skill. The value of the
defendant’s shareholding in Ample Skill would therefore reflect the value of
Ample Skill’s shareholding in Balamara. However, there was a major dispute as
to (a) the value of Ample Skill’s shares in Balamara; and (b) whether or not
the shares in Balamara could in fact have been sold and/or pledged.

336 As for value, Balamara was a delisted company and as such there was no
ready market that could serve as a basis for valuation. In support of its case
that the shares were worth US$545m, the plaintiffs relied primarily on certain
documents and the evidence of Mr Manning with regard to a deal involving OCBC
in the latter part of 2017. In particular, based on an email exchanged between
one Daniel Kwan of OCBC’s Mezzanine Capital Unit and Mr See dated 3 August
2017, it appears that in late 2017 OCBC agreed to convert a US$30m facility
plus “premium” to what it estimated at that time would be a 0.938% stake in
Balamara. As we understand, this was what we have already referred to as the
Ample Skill FA. Significantly, the stated valuation of Balamara which OCBC
appears to have been prepared to accept based on the email was, at that stage,
US$3.2bn. Thereafter, in November 2017, the documents show that OCBC agreed to
purchase shares in Balamara at a valuation of the company at between US$1.7bn
to US$3.2bn. In evidence, the defendant confirmed that this transaction had
gone ahead and that there was a transfer of 12,400,000 shares against
“payment” of US$30m of outstanding liability that he owed to OCBC. Balamara’s
annual report as of 30 June 2018 shows OCBC to have a shareholding of
12,400,000 (being 1.75% of the total outstanding shares rather than 0.938%).
This would suggest that OCBC eventually purchased the shares using a lower
valuation of Balamara at US$1.7bn. On this basis, this would indicate a value
of US$545m for Ample Skill’s remaining 32.08% stake in Balamara.

337 The foregoing valuation was disputed by the defendant. In particular, it
was suggested by counsel on behalf of the defendant that the indicated
transfer did not in fact occur or, possibly, was on different terms than those
stated above. However, the documents speak for themselves and, despite
attempts by counsel on behalf of the defendant to suggest otherwise, the
evidence of the defendant confirming the transaction was relatively clear.

338 Notwithstanding, Mr Sutton’s evidence was that the defendant’s indirect
shareholding in Balamara had a value of, at most, about US$32m (or possibly
only US$22m). That figure was based on a valuation conducted by Moore Stephens
dated 1 July 2019 (the “Moore Stephens Report”) which valued each share at
between A$0.01 and A$0.031.

339 The reasons for the difference between this latter valuation and the OCBC
valuation are obscure. One obvious possible reason is the difference in date,
ie, the Moore Stephens Report is dated 1 July 2019 whereas the transaction
with OCBC was apparently based on valuations in the mid or latter part of
2017. Further, it appears that the valuation in the Moore Stephens Report was
prepared for a very different purpose, ie, the conversion of the defendant’s
convertible debt into shares. It is also plain from the face of the Moore
Stephens Report that the authors relied on financial information and
instructions provided to them including a separate valuation referred to as
the “Independent Mineral Asset Valuation Report – Balamara Resources Ltd”
apparently prepared by a third party, Mining Insights, in June 2019 – again
much later than the valuations which must have formed the basis of the OCBC
transaction. However, these instructions/information were not available – and
Mr Sutton confirmed in evidence that he had had no access to them. In these
circumstances, it is difficult, if not impossible, to assess the accuracy,
completeness, reliability or relevance of the Moore Stephens Report.

340 In contrast, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs:

(a) The transaction with OCBC represents an actual transaction which took
place at the material time (ie, 2017) under which an apparently willing buyer
(OCBC) purchased Balamara shares from the defendant at an agreed price;

(b) OCBC is a regulated financial institution; it would be a sophisticated
buyer, well able to take the necessary steps to value the shares. Moreover, it
would have a responsibility to its shareholders to ensure such transactions
are at a fair value. In our view, these are powerful reasons for preferring
the contemporaneous valuation placed on the defendant’s Balamara shares by
OCBC.

(c) Even if one were to apply the highest valuation in the Moore Stephens
Report (ie, A$0.031 per share) to the OCBC Transaction, the total value of the
12.4 million Balamara shares received by OCBC in discharge of the defendant’s
US$30m liability would only be US$384,400. This would represent a recovery of
less than 1.3% of the outstanding debt owing to OCBC. As submitted on behalf
of the plaintiffs, it would make absolutely no sense for OCBC to enter the
transaction if the valuation in the Moore Stephens Report were correct.

(d) It is also telling that the defendant has selectively failed to disclose
the independent valuations upon which the OCBC Transaction (for US$30m) had
proceeded, as referred to in Daniel Kwan’s email dated 3 August 2017. These
independent valuations, which would have been in the defendant’s possession,
custody and/or power, are plainly relevant and would have provided a basis of
comparison with the Moore Stephens Report.

341 We fully recognise that the task of assessing the value of the defendant’s
indirect interest in these Balamara shares (via Ample Skill) is particularly
difficult. However, that difficulty (like many other difficulties in this
case) is due almost entirely to the failure of the defendant to provide proper
disclosure. In these circumstances, doing the best we can on the evidence
available and bearing in mind the failure of the defendant to provide proper
disclosure, it is our conclusion that the value of the defendant’s indirect
interest in the shares in Balamara was as advocated by the plaintiffs, ie,
approximately US$545m.

342 As stated above, the second major dispute with regard to Ample Skill’s
shares in Balamara was whether they could have been utilised to raise
financing to support the Charterers/the Guarantors. The plaintiffs accepted
that these shares were, in effect, pledged to OCBC in connection with the
Ample Skill FA and it was common ground that the consent of OCBC would have
been required for any financing to be raised. On behalf of the plaintiffs, it
was submitted that the defendant could reasonably have asked OCBC to release
some of its security in these shares or to ask for more financing;
alternatively that the defendant could have tried to obtain third party
financing by granting a second priority charge over the shares. This was
disputed by the defendant. Certainly, as Mr Manning accepted, the consent of
OCBC would have been necessary; and we also accept that there is some
uncertainty as to the precise amount of additional financing that might have
been raised. However, on the basis that the shares were worth (as we have
found) some US$545m and that OCBC were prepared to convert the debt of US$30m
to equity at a premium in November 2017 resulting in a 1.75% holding based on
a total valuation of either US1.7bn and US$3.2bn, it is our conclusion that
any shortfall in the amounts payable in respect of the Potentially Relevant
Claims which could not have been filled by the other aspects of the
defendant’s wealth could have been filled by these shares in one or more of
the ways advocated by the plaintiffs.

(D) Yawson

343 Yawson is one of the various corporate investment vehicles utilised by the
defendant to hold assets on his behalf. The defendant is the controlling
shareholder with an 80% stake in Yawson. Mr Leung holds the remaining 20% of
the outstanding shares in Yawson and managed the company on behalf of the
defendant. The purported Consolidated Income Statement of Yawson as at 31
December for 2016 to 2018, which was disclosed by the defendant, states that
Yawson declared a dividend of US$39.2m in the year ending 2018. Based on the
defendant’s shareholding of 80%, it would appear that the defendant’s share of
the dividend would have been US$31.36m. It appears from Yawson’s Consolidated
Statement of Financial Position for 2016 to 2018 that the defendant had repaid
US$21,704,728 in respect of loans made to him by the company in 2018:
according to the entry “Amount due from YCS”, it appears that the sums due
from the defendant were reduced from US$44,995,190 in 2017 to US$23,290,462 in
2018. On this basis, the net cash amount received by the defendant in
connection with the declaration of dividends in 2018 would have been
US$9,655,272 (ie, US$31.36m less US$21,704,728). The dividend therefore
benefitted the defendant in that it put cash into the hands of the defendant
while, at the same time, allowing him to discharge his indebtedness to the
company. As regards the latter, given that he owned 80% of the shares in
Yawson, the repayment was effectively moving money from one pocket to another.

344 Moreover, based on the same statements, it appears likely that the
defendant could have arranged for the declaration of a similar dividend in
late 2017, if necessary, or could have increased his borrowings from Yawson
(which could have released such funds to the defendant, if required). Notably,
the company’s profit after tax for 2018 was relatively modest at US$955,970.
In other words, the company’s total accumulated profits (from which dividends
could be declared) would only have been US$955,970 less in 2017 than in 2018.
Thus, on the basis of this evidence, it was submitted on behalf of the
plaintiffs that the defendant could have received dividends of at least around
US$8.7m (ie, US$9,655,272 less the company’s profit after tax for 2018 of
US$955,970) if the dividend had been declared in 2017 by Yawson.

345 In evidence, the defendant confirmed the accuracy of the information set
out in the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position of Yawson. However, when questioned about the declaration
of dividends above, the defendant simply stated that he did not remember and
was unable to provide any cogent explanation as to why any other conclusion
should be reached. Similarly, in evidence, Mr Sutton did not disagree that
Yawson had enough cash to pay the defendant some US$8m in 2017. Although he
could not recall that figure, he accepted that Yawson was in a net asset
position in 2017 assuming that the defendant’s loan account was collectible.

346 Thus, it is our conclusion that the defendant could have received
dividends of at least around US$8.7m (ie, US$9,655,272 less the company’s
profit after tax for 2018 of US$955,970) if the dividend had been declared in
2017 by Yawson; and that the defendant acted in breach of his best endeavours
obligations when he failed to procure the issuance of the foregoing dividend
by Yawson in 2017 to provide the Charterers/the Guarantors with the requisite
support under the Letters of Support to make payments in respect of the
Potentially Relevant Claims.

(E) Hyoil

347 So far as Hyoil is concerned, the defendant again failed to provide proper
disclosure with the result that the information before the court was very
limited despite numerous applications by the plaintiffs over an extended
period and repeated court orders for specific discovery.

348 What is plain is that Hyoil is a Singapore company in which the defendant
had a 99% stake between 2016 to 2018, and that Hyoil is (or at least was) a
company with substantial value. In fact, the defendant’s own evidence puts
Hyoil’s value at US$5,105,607.18 as of 31 December 2016 and US$9,969,655.85 as
of 31 December 2017.

349 However, it was the plaintiffs’ case that Hyoil was, in fact, much more
valuable than these figures indicate. This was on the basis of a
contemporaneous valuation of Hyoil’s portfolio prepared by Palantir Solutions
dated 12 May 2016 (the “Hyoil Valuation”) which was commissioned by Hyoil on
the basis (which Palantir was expressly asked to assume) that Hyoil’s assets
included rights to three oil fields (namely, Bawean PSC in the Camar Field,
Bulu PSC in the Lengo Gas Field, and Krueng Mane PSC in the Jambu Ayer Utara
Gas-Condensate Field). This placed the then net value of Hyoil between US$477m
to US$1.159bn.

350 These figures were disputed by the defendant on two main grounds. First,
he asserted that Hyoil had, in fact, bought the rights to only one of these
fields, ie, the Camar Field; and, second, although the value of such rights
were stated to be in the range from US$77m to US$132m, such valuation depended
on further investment, ie, it was the future value of that field that could be
arrived at from further investment.

351 The former assertion is impossible to test because of the defendant’s
failure to provide proper disclosure. The second assertion suffers from a
similar difficulty but, in any event, is difficult, if not impossible, to
reconcile with the Hyoil Valuation which appears to give a net present value
(as at May 2016) to the rights to the field in unqualified terms without any
further investment. In any event, as submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs,
the defendant has not stated or otherwise put forward any evidence that Hyoil
did not proceed to develop the Camar Field (or any other fields which it had
purchased in part or in whole). To the contrary, the purported financial
statements for Hyoil which were disclosed by the defendant show that as of
2017, the defendant alone had lent substantial sums of approximately US$13m to
Hyoil, with at least US$3m of these loans being made from 2016 to 2017. This
is entirely consistent with Hyoil having proceeded with the development of at
least the Camar Field.

352 In light of the above, it is was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs
that this was yet another instance where the court should draw an adverse
inference against the defendant and, at the very least, conclude that Hyoil’s
assets were worth at least US$77m to US$132m. We accept that submission in
part but given the burden on the plaintiffs, the appropriate figure is the
lower of the two figures, ie, US$77m.

353 In evidence, the defendant confirmed that he had not attempted to sell or
pledge the shares in Hyoil in order to raise financing to support the
Charterers/the Guarantors; and we accept that the failure so to do was a
breach of the defendant’s best endeavours obligations under the Letters of
Support. It is fair to say that the precise amount of funding that might have
been raised by such sale or pledge is somewhat uncertain. However, at the very
least, it is our conclusion that any shortfall in the amounts payable in
respect of the Potentially Relevant Claims which could not be filled by the
other aspects of the defendant’s wealth could have been filled by the
defendant’s shares in Hyoil in one or more of the ways advocated by the
plaintiffs.

(F) BCI

354 BCI is another company wholly owned and controlled by the defendant. The
defendant’s own evidence is that this company should be valued at
US$2,169,896.65 as at 31 December 2016 and US$1,568,121.28 as at 31 December
2017. There is no evidence that the defendant sold or pledged his
shareholdings in BCI to obtain funds to support the Charterers/the Guarantors
under the Letters of Support or attempted to do so; and we accept that the
failure so to do was a breach of the defendant’s best endeavours obligation
under the Letters of Support. Again, it is fair to say that the precise amount
of funding that might have been raised by such sale or pledge is somewhat
uncertain. However, at the very least, it is again our conclusion that any
shortfall in the amounts payable in respect of the Potentially Relevant Claims
which could not be filled by the other aspects of the defendant’s wealth could
have been filled by his interest in BCI in one or more of the ways advocated
by the plaintiffs.

(G) Real estate holdings

355 As a final point, it is the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant also had
at the material times various interests in real estate which, it is said, had
a net worth of at least around US$2m and which the defendant should have sold
or, at least raised finance against, as part of his best endeavours
obligations under the Letters of Support. These properties include:

(a) a residential apartment at 10 Draycott Park #07-08, Singapore 259405 (the
“Draycott Property”). The defendant’s own position is that the property can be
valued at US$1.384m (after repayment of the mortgage loan taken by the
Defendant in respect of its purchase). This figure is not challenged by the
Plaintiffs.

(b) a property at No 49, Ming Yuen Western Street, North Point, Hong Kong (the
“Ming Yuen Property”), through a holding company, Benefit High Limited which
appears to have had a value of about 5,320,000 Hong Kong dollars (“HKD”) (or
around US$680,000 applying a conversion rate of HKD7.84:US$1.00).

356 The Draycott Property was used by the defendant for his own residential
purposes. As such, we do not consider that there was any obligation to sell
that property as part of his best endeavours obligations; and it is a matter
of speculation as to what further finance might have been raised against it.
The position with regard to the Ming Yuen Property is more uncertain; but,
like the Draycott Property, it is a matter of speculation as to what further
finance might have been raised against it. In the event, given our overall
conclusions as set out below, it is unnecessary to reach a final conclusion
with regard to these two properties.

(H) Ability to procure funding for/from privately held companies

357 In summary, it is the plaintiffs’ position that the defendant could have
utilised the following financial resources towards paying the plaintiffs sums
due under the BBCs/the guarantees:

(a) US$10,548,069 loaned to Hyoil by the defendant as of 31 December 2016;

(b) US$2,643,748.74 loaned to Hyoil by the defendant as of 31 December 2017;

(c) US$15,223,500 funding from Yawson, disbursed to various projects in 2016;
and

(d) A$3,693,050 loaned to Balamara by the defendant in the period from 2016 to
2018.

358 As to the above, various technical and/or evidential objections (partly in
the nature of pleading points) were raised on behalf of the defendant. In our
view, these were without merit. The other main submission advanced on behalf
of the defendant (in particular with regard to the funding from Yawson) was
that there was no evidence as to when the relevant funds were promised or
provided to the various projects. That may be so. However, as submitted on
behalf of the plaintiffs, it would seem on the evidence that these monies
could have been used to support the Charterers/the Guarantors; and, if and to
the extent that this was impossible or that these monies were reasonably
required for some other purposes, then the (at least evidential) burden fell
on the defendant to explain by appropriate evidence (supported, if necessary,
by relevant documents) why this was impossible or what those other reasonable
requirements were. In the event, we do not consider that the defendant has
discharged that burden by appropriate evidence; and, on that basis and to that
extent, it is our conclusion that the defendant failed to use best endeavours
under the Letters of Support to support the Charterers/the Guarantors in
respect of the Potentially Relevant Claims.

Financial assistance from the Samling Group

359 It was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that certain documents
obtained through disclosure reveal that, after the delisting, OML was
“integrated” into the Samling Energy Group and, in effect, became part of the
defendant’s family business. In very broad terms, there are certainly
indications to that effect although the precise nature of such “integration”
is unclear. For example, there is an email in October 2016 reporting that
according to Mr See: “After delisting, [OML] is now under the ownership of
Samling Group and will fall under Samling Energy.” Similarly, there is a
presentation subsequently made by the defendant’s brother, Yaw Chee Ming, to
Sarawak government officials in Kuching regarding the Samling Energy Group at
the end of March 2017, where OML was represented as a company under the
Samling Energy Group. In this regard, the defendant sent an email to Mr See
dated 23 March 2017 with the subject header “Samling Energy group” which
states:

My brother [Yaw Chee Ming] will be making a presentation to the very top
government officers in Kuching this month end. They have requested for the
meeting to include a presentation about our oil and gas business under the
group, as they are interested to formed a consortium to undertake big oil and
gas business head by a local Sarawak Company.

I would like the presentation to start with Hyoil’s portfolio to show our
ability to develop oil field to production. Followed by our oil and gas
services side.

This is a very important presentation, as this is a chance for us to be the
partner with the local government to develop oil field in Sarawak. Please help
me to put this presentation together before the end of the month.

A perusal of the slides that were prepared for the above presentation (for
example, slide 3) reveals, amongst other things, that OML and Hyoil were being
marketed as part of the Samling Energy Group. Moreover, it is telling that a
number of emails concerning OML were sent or copied to the defendant’s
brother, Yaw Chee Ming, who manages the Samling Group as a whole.

360 As submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, the foregoing is entirely
consistent with the representations made by the defendant and/or his
representatives during the various meetings in, for example, March, April and
June 2016 (as referred to above) to the effect that the defendant’s family
would provide financial support.

361 In light of the above, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that
the defendant could have obtained financial support for the Charterers/the
Guarantors from the Samling Group. However, the defendant’s own evidence was
that he had no recollection of having asked his family or anyone within the
Samling Energy Group for any form of financial assistance or funds to be
injected into OML; and that he had never asked anyone in his family or the
Samling Energy Group for any form of financial assistance to ensure the
charter hire payments under the BBCs were paid on time. On this basis, it was
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the defendant was in breach of his
best endeavours obligations under the Letters of Support.

362 In principle, we accept those submissions. However, in order to make good
their case under this head, the plaintiffs must show that if the defendant had
used his best endeavours, he would have been successful in procuring one or
more members of his family and/or the Samling Group to provide any and, if so,
what, financial assistance. The plaintiffs have failed to establish this. On
this basis, we do not consider that the plaintiffs have established that this
breach of the defendant’s best endeavours obligations caused any relevant
loss.

Failure to procure mortgage(s) over the Bintulu Hotel

(1) Dispute over the terms of the mortgage

363 Each of the relevant September 2017 Addenda to the BBCs expressly provided
for delivery of a mortgage (or charge) over the Bintulu Hotel to secure the
due and punctual performance by the Charterers of their obligations under the
BBCs and the performance by the Guarantors of their obligations under the
guarantee, for an amount of not less than US$14m. Specifically, clause 5.3 of
the Addenda dated 29 September 2017 in respect of the Go Perseus BBC and the
Go Phoenix BBC, and clause 5.4 of the Addendum of the same date in respect of
the Go Pegasus BBC were in substantially similar form and provided in material
part as follows:

On or before 31 October 2017 (the “Condition Subsequent Satisfaction Date”)
the Charterers shall deliver to the Owners documents, in a form and substance
satisfactory to Owners, evidencing that the condition set out in Schedule 1A
(the “Condition Subsequent”) has been fully complied with.

Failure by the Charterers to satisfy the Condition Subsequent by the Condition
Subsequent Satisfaction Date shall be an Event of Default under the Charter,
and shall render the amendments to the Charter introduced by way of this
Addendum No. 3 null and void….

Schedule 1A

Evidence satisfactory to the Owners that a valid mortgage or charge over the
Parkcity Everly Hotel, Bintulu, Sawarak, East Malaysia (Plot No 1, Lot 3062
Jalan Tun Razak 97000) to secure the due and punctual performance by the
Charterers of their obligations under this Charter and the performance by the
Guarantor of their obligations under the Guarantee, for an amount of not less
than USD14,000,000, [has] been granted and registered in favour of the Owners.

[emphasis added]

364 On behalf of the plaintiffs, it was submitted that the effect of each such
Addendum was that each Charterer should provide a separate mortgage for an
amount of not less than US$14m. Following the trial, we invited the parties to
file further written submissions on this point with regard in particular to
the possible counter-argument that instead of the foregoing, the effect of
these provisions taken together was to require the defendant to procure a
single mortgage in favour of all three plaintiffs to a total value of US$14m
(the “alternative construction”).

365 In these further written submissions, the plaintiffs maintained their
position as summarised above and sought to bolster their case that there were
to be three separate mortgages each to the value of US$14m by advancing a
number of points, which we would summarise as follows:

(a) The alternative construction is inconsistent with the terms of the
September 2017 Addenda and Schedule 1A of each Addendum.

(b) The alternative construction would require re-definition of the following
terms used in Schedule 1A, viz (a) “Owners” to refer to all three plaintiffs,
instead of the relevant plaintiff who was party to the particular Addendum and
BBC; (b) “Charterers” to refer to both Go Offshore and Otto Fleet
collectively, instead of the relevant Charterer who was party to the
particular Addendum and BBC; and (c) “Charter” to refer to the BBCs
collectively, instead of only the BBC to which the particular Addendum
applied. This could only be achieved by rectification of all three Addenda
which the defendant has not pleaded or sought.

(c) In any event, in order for the alternative construction to succeed, the
defendant would have to demonstrate a clear mistake on the face of the
instrument and clarity as to the correction to be made. This is not made out
on the facts. Moreover, the defendant has not pleaded, much less proved, a
case for rectification or estoppel by convention. See Chartbrook Ltd v
Persimmon Homes Ltd [2009] 3 WLR 267 and Lewison ([162(f)] supra) at p 269,
paragraph 5.11:

“If a contract contains an express definition, then in the absence of a claim
for rectification or a plea of estoppel, evidence of the negotiations is not
admissible for the purpose of contradicting the definition, even where it is
alleged that the parties negotiated on the basis of an agreed meaning”.

(d) The plaintiffs’ case that the September 2017 Addenda required separate and
distinct securities over the Bintulu Hotel to be held by each plaintiff is
further reinforced by the following factual matrix:

(i) Each of the BBCs (and relevant Addenda) is an independent and separate
contract, giving rise to independent and separate obligations between
different parties in respect of different vessels. The Owners under the BBCs
are all separate entities. In addition, there were two different Charterers.

(ii) Separate guarantees were issued to each of the respective plaintiffs by
OML in connection with each of the BBCs.

(iii) Similarly, pursuant to the three Addenda, three separate Letters of
Support were issued by the defendant as financial assurance of the performance
of the BBCs and the guarantees.

(iv) The drafting of separate security documentation above for each of the
BBCs can be contrasted with the Deposit (provided for under the July 2016
Addenda), where only a single security was required. In that case, the Deposit
was only provided for under the Addendum for the Go Perseus BBC.

(e) The requirement for security of US$14m for each of the plaintiffs must
also be seen in light of:

(i) The amounts outstanding at the time to the plaintiffs under the BBCs. By
the time the relevant Addenda were signed in September 2017, Go Offshore and
Otto Fleet owed the plaintiffs a total sum of approximately US$18m (being
outstanding charter hire and the Deposit).

(ii) The size of the payment deferrals under the BBCs being agreed by the
plaintiffs pursuant to the September 2017 Addenda, which deferred amounts the
plaintiffs would have wanted to secure through the mortgages/charges. Under
the September 2017 Addenda, the plaintiffs agreed to further reductions in
daily hire (US$23,950 to US$5,000 for the first plaintiff; US$21,700 to
US$5,000 for each of the second and third plaintiffs) for the period from
August 2017 to August 2020. These reductions would subsequently be repaid
through charter hire payments to be made after August 2020. Over the three-
year period, the deferrals amounted to US$20,750,250 for the first plaintiff
and US$18,286,500 each for the second and third plaintiffs. These deferrals
were subject to the fulfilment of the condition subsequent set out in Schedule
1A of each of the September 2017 Addenda (additional security by way of
mortgages/charges over the Bintulu Hotel).

(iii) Given the foregoing, it would have made no sense for the plaintiffs to
have agreed to have competing interests under one mortgage/charge worth
US$14m. This is particularly since, given the relationship between the
Charterers and the common Guarantor for the BBCs (ie, OML), any potential
default would likely take place in respect of all of the BBCs around the same
time (as eventually transpired in this case) such that the security, if called
upon, would have to be called upon by all three plaintiffs.

(f) While the plaintiffs have consistently maintained their position on the
interpretation of the relevant provisions of the September 2017 Addenda
throughout the proceedings, the defendant has never contested otherwise
whether in affidavits filed by the defendant or in submissions.

(g) The defendant’s willingness to accept the plaintiffs’ position is
unsurprising as this was the common understanding between the parties and the
basis upon which Malaysian lawyers, Reddi & Co, were instructed for both the
plaintiffs and the Charterers to discharge the existing mortgage over the
Bintulu Hotel and register three fresh mortgages/charges in favour of the
respective plaintiffs. Thus:

(i) In Rajah & Tann’s email dated 10 October 2017, Rajah & Tann explained to
Reddi & Co that the intention was for charges to be granted “in favour of the
Owners (i.e. Hai Jiao 1207 Limited, Hai Jiao 1306 Limited and Hai Jiao 1307
Limited), each for up to an amount not less than USD14,000,000” [emphasis
added].

(ii) Reddi & Co confirmed these instructions in its email dated 13 October
2017, that there would be “3 separate charge[s] over the Hotel and each charge
shall be for an amount of USD14,000,000.00” [emphasis added].

(iii) Further to the foregoing, Reddi & Co’s email dated 19 October 2017
(copied inter alia to the Charterers) referred to the registration of the “3
Memoranda of Charge in favour of the Owners” concurrently with the discharge
of the existing mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel.

(h) The plaintiffs have been deprived of the opportunity to lead evidence in
connection inter alia with the emails above, and to cross-examine the
defendant at trial in light of the defendant’s previous tacit acceptance of
the plaintiffs’ construction. It therefore does not lie in the defendant’s
mouth to now backtrack on the interpretation of the relevant provisions.

366 On behalf of the defendant, it was submitted that the alternative
construction was in accordance with the plain and ordinary language of the
September 2017 Addenda, the surrounding circumstances and the commercial
purposes of the parties. In summary:

(a) On a plain and ordinary reading of the language of Schedule 1A of the
September 2017 Addenda, it is apparent that the parties contemplated a single
mortgage to secure the due performance of the obligations for all three
charterparties;

(b) The reasonable business person test shows that a single mortgage was
prescribed since the September 2017 Addenda all referred to the same Bintulu
Hotel, a single mortgage or charge, and failed to specify multiple mortgages
for each individual plaintiff;

(c) The Bintulu Hotel was valued at only RM70m (US$16.3m) with an even lower
forced selling price of RM49m (around US$11.4m). Therefore, it would have been
impossible to expect the Charterers /defendant to obtain three mortgages for a
combined value of US$42m (RM180m) as the mortgages far exceeds the market and
forced sale value of the Bintulu Hotel.

(d) The valuation of the Bintulu Hotel was, in fact, within the knowledge and
available to the plaintiffs prior to execution of the September 2017 Addenda:

(i) On 7 July 2017, an email was sent by Mr Goh to Mr Hong Xing attaching the
email regarding the valuation of the Bintulu Hotel at RM70m.

(ii) In ICBCL’s Request for Change of the Terms of the Otto Project, ICBCL
also stated that according to the valuation report, the Bintulu Hotel’s
“….market fair price is RM70 million (approximately US$16.3 million), and the
force selling price is RM49 million (approximately US$11.4million). Our
proposed amount of mortgage is RM61 million (approximately US$14.2 million),
and the mortgage procedures shall be completed by 31 October 2017” [emphasis
added];

(e) The objective view also points towards a single mortgage since (as
explained below) it is impossible to obtain three individual mortgages which
exceed the market and forced sale values of the Bintulu Hotel and given the
tight timelines for the Charterers to arrange it (between 29 September and 3
October 2018);

(f) Viewed holistically, it would seem that obtaining a single mortgage for
all three plaintiffs comports with the actual value of the Bintulu Hotel and,
furthermore, the tight timeline of four days afforded to the Charterers meant
that the security of three individual mortgages was extremely improbable;

(g) In order to give effect to the commercial purpose of the transaction, the
parties cannot have intended, and the charterers cannot have agreed, to be
subject to the impossible task of obtaining three mortgages which is about
three times the market value and about four times the forced sale value of the
Bintulu Hotel;

(h) In order for the contract to be commercially effective, logical, sensible
and/or feasible, a single mortgage is the only option as three separate
mortgages equates to an insurmountable condition.

367 As to these submissions, our observations and conclusions are as follows:

(a) One of the main difficulties is that the present proceedings were
commenced by way of three separate writs issued by each plaintiff; and the
parties’ respective pleadings were, in our view, unclear on this point.

(b) Equally, the parties’ opening written statements did not specifically
address this issue. It was only in their final written submissions that the
plaintiffs’ case that they were each entitled to a separate mortgage to the
value of US$14m was clearly articulated. It is fair to say that the
defendant’s final written submissions did not contest that the Charterers were
obliged to procure mortgages over the Bintulu Hotel for each of the
plaintiffs; that the only argument raised by the defendant challenging his
liability for US$42m was that in fact that the Bintulu Hotel was only worth
US$12.06m to US$17.227m; that the defendant’s liability was accordingly
limited to the value of the Bintulu Hotel; and that no arguments whatsoever
were made by the defendant to advance the alternative construction. It was in
light of the foregoing that the court considered it appropriate to invite
further written submissions on this point.

(c) In our judgment, the starting point is the proper construction of the
three September 2017 Addenda and Schedule 1A thereto. As to that, we do not
accept the plaintiffs’ submission that the alternative construction would
require redefinition of the terms of each of the September 2017 Addenda or
that, for the alternative construction to succeed, it would be necessary to
order rectification or uphold a plea of estoppel by convention (neither of
which is pleaded). Rather, we accept the defendant’s submission that the
effect of the provisions in the three September 2017 Addenda was that there
should be a single mortgage or charge for an amount of not less than US$14m in
favour of all three plaintiffs as joint mortgagees. In our judgment, this is
entirely consistent with the plain and ordinary language in each of the
September 2017 Addenda.

(d) In so far as may be relevant, the alternative construction is also
consistent with (a) ICBCL’s own statement in the Request for Change referred
to above that based on the valuations received “…Our proposed amount of
mortgage is RM61 million (approximately US$14.2 million)…”; and (b) what
appears to have been the common intention of the parties as confirmed in (for
example) paragraphs 104 and 108 of the affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Mr
Yang Changkun and paragraphs 31, 37, 59 and 61 to 63 of the affidavit of
evidence-in-chief of the defendant himself.

(e) We readily accept that the email exchanges between Rajah & Tann and Reddi
& Co in October 2017 referred to above and relied upon by the plaintiffs
indicate that the intention was that there should be three separate charges
over the Bintulu Hotel each for up to an amount of US$14m but, in our view,
such “evidence” is inconsistent with the evidence of Mr Yang Changkun and the
defendant himself as referred to in the previous paragraph. It is also
noteworthy that the emails referred to post-date the September 2017 Addenda
and, as a matter of law, cannot affect the proper construction of the said
Addenda. Even if that is wrong and it was the common intention to have three
separate mortgages/charges, this still begs the question as to whether each
mortgage/charge was, in effect, to be cumulative and provide total security of
US$42m.

368 For these reasons, we accept the alternative construction, ie, the effect
of the September 2017 Addenda and Schedule 1A taken together was to require
the defendant to procure a single mortgage in favour of all three plaintiffs
to a total value of US$14m.

369 It was not disputed by the defendant that he had a personal obligation to
exercise best endeavours to procure such a mortgage under the Letters of
Support. For the avoidance of doubt, such an obligation would arise under the
first unnumbered paragraph of the Letters of Support. It was also common
ground that such mortgage was never provided.

(2) Whether the failure to procure the mortgage was a breach of the Letters of
Support

370 To reiterate, the plaintiffs’ case was that the defendant had failed to
exercise best endeavours to procure a mortgage on the Bintulu Hotel. This was
disputed by the defendant. Indeed, it was the defendant’s own pleaded case
that he had exercised his best endeavours to procure the mortgage in
satisfaction of his obligations under the Letters of Support which, as just
stated, would arise under the first unnumbered paragraph of the Letters of
Support.

371 Pursuant to the order of court dated 10 October 2019 (made following the
defendant’s persistent and contumelious breaches of his obligations to provide
e-Discovery of documents contained in the email repositories
csyaw@ppcity.com.my and csyaw.om@ppcity.com.my), an adverse inference now
operates against the defendant to the following effect: (a) that the defendant
failed to exercise his best endeavours to procure the mortgage of the Bintulu
Hotel in favour of the plaintiffs; and (b) that, but for such failure, the
mortgage would have been procured in favour of the plaintiffs.

372 Nothing in the evidence which emerged at trial serves in any way to rebut
this presumption/adverse inference against the defendant. On the contrary, as
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, if anything, such evidence only serves
to reinforce the said adverse inference for the reasons set out below.

373 In summary, the defendant’s pleaded case and evidence at paragraphs 59–63
of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief as to the steps he had allegedly taken
to procure the mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel were to the effect that he
started persuading the shareholders of Kemena Resort Sdn Bhd (“Kemena”),
Joseph Lau and Yaw Chee Ming, sometime in the months of October and November
2017. The Bintulu Hotel was registered in the name of Kemena. However, a
decision was made not to sacrifice the Bintulu Hotel for the solvency of
companies run by the defendant (ie, the Charterers and the Guarantors),
especially where the solvency of these companies could not be guaranteed.

374 However, at trial, the defendant’s evidence was that it was untrue to say
that Yaw Chee Ming and Joseph Lau were the beneficial owners (through their
shareholding in Kemena) of the Bintulu Hotel; that he did not in fact approach
Joseph Lau with a view to persuading him to agree to grant the mortgage; and
that he had instead approached Joseph Lau to discuss the matter because, in
his role as Group CEO of Perdana ParkCity, Joseph Lau would be responsible for
handling the details and the paperwork for the mortgage if it was to be
effected. Thus, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that if this
latter account were true, it confirms that Joseph Lau was very much in a
subordinate position to the defendant within Perdana ParkCity; that the
mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel fell under the purview of Perdana ParkCity;
and that it would follow that any correspondence relating to the procuring of
the mortgage would have passed through the Perdana ParkCity email accounts.

375 Further, the defendant’s evidence at trial was that the mortgage fell
through because Yaw Chee Ming did not agree to (or had changed his mind
regarding) the mortgage. However, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs
that based on the company searches at hand, Yaw Chee Ming was neither a
shareholder nor director of Kemena; that he had no role whatsoever in Kemena;
and that there was therefore no basis for him to make decisions in respect of
the Bintulu Hotel.

376 In any event, as further submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs, the
defendant’s evidence at trial with regard to his alleged attempts to persuade
Yaw Chee Ming to grant the mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel was vague in the
extreme and, in our judgment, lacked credibility. Moreover, if the defendant’s
account were true, one would expect contemporaneous documentary evidence
(including email exchanges) relating to the foregoing as well as Yaw Chee
Ming’s alleged refusal to grant the mortgage. We also bear in mind that the
defendant is the Group Executive Chairman of Perdana ParkCity, the company
which appeared to have purview over the Bintulu Hotel which, without more,
would at the very least tend to suggest that the defendant himself was the
decision-maker as to whether or not to proceed with the mortgage over the
Bintulu Hotel.

377 It is also important to note that the defendant’s explanation at trial as
to why the mortgage was never provided is inconsistent with or at least
different from the explanation supported by an affidavit by the defendant
which underpinned an application made by the defendant prior to trial in
SIC/SUM 75/2019. There, the defendant explained that the Board of Directors of
Kemena had declined to grant the mortgage as it had been advised that the
mortgage was illegal under Malaysian law. In the event, that application was
refused by the court. This undermines the credibility of the explanation
proffered by the defendant at trial as to why the mortgage was never provided.

378 In light of the foregoing, and bearing in mind the adverse inference
against the defendant, it is our conclusion that in breach of his obligations
under the Letters of Support, the defendant failed to exercise his best
endeavours to procure the mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel; and that, as a
result, they were collectively deprived of security in the amount of about
US$14m in connection with sums payable under the BBCs.

379 There remains the question of quantum, ie, what is the true damage that
flows from the defendant’s aforementioned breach of his best endeavours
obligations under the Letters of Support by failing to procure the mortgage
over the Bintulu Hotel. The quantum inquiry for the defendant’s breach by
failing to procure the mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel is unique (vis-à-vis
the defendant’s other breaches as canvassed above) given that the mortgage
over the Bintulu Hotel, if procured, would have been a security interest of
value, and not a cash sum paid to the plaintiffs. It would be apt to address
this issue at this juncture.

380 Under the compensatory principle, the court must determine where the
injured promisee would be if the promisor had performed his/her contractual
obligations. Here, the defendant’s failure to perform his best endeavours
obligations had effectively deprived the plaintiffs of a security interest
worth about US$14m (we address the issue of the appropriate value of the
mortgage, which was also in dispute, below shortly), and left the plaintiffs
as unsecured creditors for the said sum in the insolvency of the
Charterers/the Guarantors. Had the defendant exercised best endeavours and
successfully procured the mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel, the plaintiffs
would have had enforceable security worth about US$14m. The plaintiffs would
then have been able to realise this security to make up for the Pre-
Termination Losses and/or Post-Termination Losses they suffered (up to the
amount of US$14m). This is the true damage suffered by the plaintiffs.

381 As submitted on behalf of the defendant, the issue of the value of the
mortgage must depend on the value of the Bintulu Hotel at the relevant time.
As to this, the defendant relied on (a) an email from one Mr Robert Ting dated
16 June 2017 (which was forwarded to Mr Hong Xing by Mr Goh) which suggested
that the value of the Bintulu Hotel was about RM70m; and (b) a valuation
report dated 20 July 2017 which estimated a value (based on certain
assumptions) of around RM70m or RM49m on a forced sale basis. There was some
dispute between the parties as to the US dollar equivalent of these figures
varying between (at the lower end of the range) about US$11–12m and (at the
upper end of the range) about US$15–17m. On this basis, it was suggested on
behalf of the defendant that the bottom end of the lower range, ie, US$11m
represents the maximum amount of loss recoverable by the three plaintiffs. On
behalf of the plaintiffs, it was submitted that the report had not properly
been adduced in evidence and was inadmissible. However, in the event, we do
not consider that this matters in the present context. On the assumption that
the mortgage had been in place, we accept that there is some uncertainty as to
whether or not the plaintiffs would have needed to exercise their rights by
way of a forced sale. Ordinarily, however, it would obviously be in the
interest of all concerned including the mortgagor (ie, the plaintiffs) to
achieve the highest possible price. On that basis, we consider that in this
hypothetical scenario, all concerned would have sought to avoid a forced sale;
that the overwhelming likelihood is that the parties would have co-operated to
seek to obtain the highest possible price by way of a private rather than a
forced sale; and that, on a balance of probabilities, any sale would have
achieved a price of at least US$14m. For these reasons, it is our conclusion
that the loss suffered jointly by the plaintiffs under this head and
recoverable from the defendant is the amount of the would-be mortgage, ie,
US$14m.

382 It remains to consider what part of this US$14m is recoverable by each
plaintiff. On one view, the amount recoverable by each plaintiff should be in
accordance with the pari passu principle, ie, in proportion to the debts owed
by each Charterer to each plaintiff. Alternatively, it is arguable that that
sum should be split equally between all three plaintiffs so that each
plaintiff should be entitled to recover one-third of the sum of US$14m. This
point was not addressed at trial. We hope the appropriate split can be agreed
by the parties failing which we will hear further submissions.

Conclusion with regard to the alleged breach(es) of the Letters of Support

383 For the reasons stated above, it is our conclusion that the defendant was
in breach of his obligations under the unnumbered opening paragraph of the
Letters of Support and/or under clauses 2(a) and/or 3 of the Letters of
Support in one or more respects referred to above with regard to the
Potentially Relevant Claims. We accordingly allow the plaintiffs’ claims under
the Letters of Support, albeit only to this extent. We turn then to the issue
of quantum.

Quantum of damages

Pre-Termination Claims

384 In light of the numerous transactions/instances amounting to various
breaches of the Letters of Support by the defendant as canvassed above, we set
out below several tables consolidating our conclusions.

385 The first table below details the funds that were available to the
Charterers/the Guarantors/the defendant at various points in time which could
have been used in satisfaction of the Potentially Relevant Claims. This table
reproduces in part similar tables provided by the plaintiffs in their factual
closing submissions, albeit we have amended several of the figures therein
based on the underlying financial documents; these documents revealed certain
errors in the plaintiffs’ figures. The relevant currency conversions (from
Singapore dollars to US dollars) adopted were as per the plaintiffs’
submissions – the defendant has not seriously challenged these. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

All other Singapore dollar to US dollar conversions herein use the foreign
currency exchange rate during the relevant period.

The indicated charter hire owed is before deducting the sporadic part-payments
made to the plaintiffs at various points in time as earlier alluded to (see
[158] above) – these sporadic payments will be addressed subsequently. For
ease of reference, we also include the paragraph numbers in this Judgment
corresponding to the relevant funds available/instances of breach:

S/N| Item| Amount| Paragraph Reference  
---|---|---|---  
2 November 2016 charter hire instalment – US$3,053,480  
1| Opening balance (November) in OML’s Standard Chartered SGD account no xx-x-
xxxxxx-3| S$4,394,772.10  
(around US$3.26m)| [223]–[226]  
2| Opening balance (November) in OML’s Standard Chartered USD account no xx-x-
xxxxxx-8| US$204,501.30| [223]–[226]  
3| Cash deposits paid into the defendant’s RHB SGD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/09
in November 2016| S$3,327,685.13  
(around US$2.46m)| [303]  
4| Loans provided by the defendant to Hyoil in 2016| US$10,548,069| [357(a)]  
Total:| US$16,472,570.30  
The Deposit due on 6 December 2016: US$7,000,000  
1| Closing balance (November) in OML’s RHB SGD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/07|
S$6,266,704.64  
(around US$4.67m)| [223]–[226]  
2| Funding procured by the defendant from Yawson to fund other projects in
2016| US$15,223,500| [357(c)]  
Total:| US$19,893,500  
2 February 2017 charter hire instalment – US$2,953,910  
1| Purchase price of car gifted to Mr See (promise made on 11 November 2016)|
S$399,888  
(around US$277,700)| [240]  
2| Diversion of Deep Ocean sub-hire payment (December 2016)| US$430,000|
[262]–[264]  
3| Value of the defendant’s shares in public companies if liquidated on 31
December 2016, as per valuation by Mr Sutton| US$4.45m| [308]–[310]  
4| Payments by OML to Ample Skill in January 2017| US$42,491.78| [227]  
5| Cash deposits paid into the defendant’s RHB SGD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/09
in December 2016 and January 2017| S$1,952,803.83  
(around US$1,356,113.77)| [303]  
6| Cash deposits paid into the defendant’s RHB USD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/04
in January 2017| US$3,000,108.65| [303]  
7| Loans provided by the defendant to Balamara through Ample Skill in January
2017| A$450,000  
(around US$307,020)| [357(d)]  
Total:| US$9,863,434.20  
2 May 2017 charter hire instalment – US$3,053,480  
1| Payments by OML to Ample Skill, Brizill and Ocean International from February to April 2017 | US$3,804,659.64| [227]  
2| Diversion of Inpex Charter sub-hire for April 2017| US$150,000| [266(d)],
[268]  
3| Cash deposits paid into the defendant’s RHB SGD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/09
from February to April 2017| S$820,083.20  
(around US$600,000)| [303]  
4| Cash deposits paid into the defendant’s RHB USD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/04
from February to April 2017| US$995,845.05| [303]  
5| Loans provided by the defendant to Balamara through Ample Skill in February
to April 2017| A$750,000  
(around US$510,000)| [357(d)]  
6| First tranche of payment of “bonus” to Mr See (within 30 days of the email
by the defendant dated 2 March 2017)| S$1,000,000  
(around US$740,000)| [241]–[242]  
Total:| US$6,800,504.69  
2 August 2017 charter hire instalment – US$3,652,400  
1| Payments by OML to Ample Skill and Brizill from May to July 2017|
US$322,740.80| [227]  
2| Diversion of Inpex Charter sub-hire for May to July 2017| US$450,000|
[266(d)], [268]  
3| Cash deposits paid into the defendant’s RHB SGD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/09
from May to July 2017| S$6,191,202.39  
(around US$4.586m)| [303]  
4| Cash deposits paid into the defendant’s RHB USD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/04
from May to July 2017| US$1,965,138.75| [303]  
5| Second tranche of payment of “bonus” to Mr See (within 90 days of the email
by the defendant dated 2 March 2017)| S$1,320,000  
(around US$970,000)| [241]–[242]  
Total:| US$8,293,879.55  
2 November 2017 charter hire instalment – US$3,652,000  
1| Payments by OML to Ample Skill from August to October 2017, including the
payment made on 2 November 2017| US$1,337,500| [227]  
2| Diversion of Inpex Charter sub-hire for August to September 2017|
US$300,000| [266(a)], [266(d)], [268]  
3| Cash deposits paid into the defendant’s RHB SGD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/09
from August to October 2017| S$4,695,601.05  
(around US$3.45m)| [303]  
4| Cash deposits paid into the defendant’s RHB USD account no x/xx/xxxxxx/04
from August to October 2017| US$8,177,206.93| [303]  
Total:| US$13,264,706.93  
Summary (total between 2 November 2016 and 2 November 2017)  
Total outstanding charter hire:| US$23,365,670  
Total funds/value of assets available:| US$74,588,595.67  
  
386 From the above, it is clear that at each relevant point in time (ie, when
the Deposit and the relevant charter hire instalments were due between 2
November 2016 and 2 November 2017), there were sufficient funds that could
have been applied in satisfaction of the Potentially Relevant Claims. It may
be observed that we have not exhaustively canvassed every potential fund
source available to the defendant (eg, we have omitted to indicate the values
of the defendant’s shares in privately held companies and/or any pledge that
could have been made using these shares as security) – it is not necessary to
do so given that a degree of uncertainty exists with respect to their precise
values, and more importantly, taking into account the fund sources with far
clearer value and/or which could be more readily liquidated, there were more
than sufficient funds available for the defendant to have satisfied the
Potentially Relevant Claims.

387 The implication of the above on the issue of quantum is that the defendant
will have to compensate the plaintiffs, by way of damages, the sums owed in
full. To the extent that the total funds available exceeds the total sums owed
(and also that certain shareholdings/fund sources have not been taken into
account in the table above), these are irrelevant – the defendant is only
liable to the full extent of the sums that were outstanding.

388 With this in mind, we next set out the exact sums that were due to each
plaintiff. There are two points of note:

(a) First, as alluded to, the final quantum of outstanding and unpaid charter
hire owed to the plaintiffs requires adjustment as there were sporadic part-
payments made by the Charterers/OML towards the charter hire instalments. For
the avoidance of doubt, we considered and do not accept the defendant’s
submissions on this issue (ie, the extent of sporadic payments made to the
plaintiffs). The defendant’s case in this regard was built upon Mr Sutton’s
first report, which we, as mentioned, have not accepted (see [211]–[216]
above). We accordingly accord no weight to the defendant’s submissions in this
respect.

(b) Second, the figures that the court accepts as regards the charter hire
owed (before adjustment to account for the sporadic payments) are based on the
plaintiffs’ submissions, which applied the relevant charter hire rates as per
the July 2016 Addenda. This is correct – by virtue of the defendant’s failure
to provide the mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel, clause 5.3 of the September
2017 Addenda (ie, the condition subsequent clause) was not satisfied, and
consequently the various charter hire rate revisions in Schedule 3 of the
September 2017 Addenda were rendered null and void. The applicable charter
hire rates were therefore those prior to the September 2017 Addenda (ie,
US$9,000 daily for the Go Perseus and Go Phoenix, and US$21,700 daily for the
Go Pegasus; see [49], [68] and [69] above).

389 The tables below detail the sums due to each plaintiff after taking into
account the relevant sporadic payments. While some of the sporadic payments
appear to have been made as late as end 2017 and even early 2018, we have
taken the liberty (given that the evidence is equivocal as to which specific
charter hire instalment each part payment was made towards) to regard these
part payments as being in satisfaction of the oldest outstanding debts (ie,
the charter hire instalment that fell due the earliest). Such an approach does
not affect the final sum outstanding. We also add that there were various
discrepancies between the figures provided in (a) the Statements of Claim; (b)
the various statutory demands served on the Charterers/the Guarantors (see
[156] above); (c) a table of outstanding charter hire payments introduced into
evidence by Ms Cao Jiangxin in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief; and (d)
Annex A to the plaintiffs’ factual closing submissions, which is also Annex A
to this Judgment. We resolved all such discrepancies in favour of the
plaintiffs’ pleaded case in the respective Statements of Claim, which were
mostly corroborated by the statutory demands served on the Charterers/the
Guarantors. All sums listed in the tables below are in US dollars:

(a) In respect of the first plaintiff:

Date| Accrued charter hire| Payment(s) made| Outstanding charter hire  
---|---|---|---  
Nov 16| 828,000| 828,000| 0  
Dec 16| 7,000,000  
(the Deposit)| 0| 7,000,000  
Feb 17| 801,000| 460,000| 341,000  
May 17| 828,000| 0| 828,000  
Aug 17| 828,000| 0| 828,000  
Nov 17| 828,000| 0| 828,000  
Total| 11,113,000| 1,288,000| 9,825,000  
  
(b) In respect of the second plaintiff:

Date| Accrued charter hire| Payment(s) made| Outstanding charter hire  
---|---|---|---  
Nov 16| 828,000| 828,000| 0  
Feb 17| 801,000| 801,000| 0  
May 17| 828,000| 119,000| 709,000  
Aug 17|  828,000| 0| 828,000  
Nov 17| 828,000| 0| 828,000  
Total| 4,113,000| 1,748,000| 2,365,000  
  
(c) In respect of the third plaintiff:

Date| Accrued charter hire| Payment(s) made| Outstanding charter hire  
---|---|---|---  
Nov 16| 1,397,480| 1,397,480| 0  
Feb 17| 1,351,910| 63,076| 1,288,834  
May 17| 1,397,480| 0| 1,397,480  
Aug 17|  1,996,400| 0| 1,996,400  
Nov 17|  1,996,400| 0| 1,996,400  
Total| 8,139,670| 1,460,556| 6,679,114  
  
390 With the above outstanding sums in mind, it is our conclusion that for the
defendant’s breaches of his obligations under the Letters of Support, the
plaintiffs are entitled to damages in the sums set out in the paragraphs that
follow.

391 For the defendant’s breaches of the Letters of Support by failing to
ensure timely payment of charter hire/the Deposit due to the plaintiffs, each
plaintiff has suffered losses, and is entitled to damages equal to the value
of such losses as set out in the table below (all sums listed are in US
dollars).

Date| Sum Payable| First plaintiff| Second plaintiff| Third plaintiff| Total  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
2 Nov 2016| Charter hire Instalment| 0| 0| 0| 0  
6 Dec 2016| The Deposit| 7,000,000| 0| 0| 7,000,000  
2 Feb 2017| Charter hire Instalment| 341,000| 0| 1,288,834| 1,629,834  
2 May 2017| Charter hire Instalment| 828,000| 709,000| 1,397,480| 2,934,480  
2 Aug 2017| Charter hire Instalment| 828,000| 828,000| 1,996,400| 3,652,400  
2 Nov 2017| Charter hire Instalment| 828,000| 828,000| 1,996,400| 3,652,400  
Total| | 9,825,000| 2,365,000| 6,679,114| 18,869,114  
  
392 The plaintiffs are also entitled to damages in the sum of US$14m as a
result of the defendant’s breaches of the Letters of Support in failing to
exercise best endeavours to obtain the mortgage in respect of the Bintulu
Hotel. The reasons for our conclusion in this regard have been provided
earlier in this Judgment (see [379]–[382] above). The sum awarded is to be
split between the plaintiffs in such proportion as may be agreed by the
parties or otherwise ordered by the court following receipt of further
submissions.

393 The damages awarded to the plaintiffs for their claim for breach of the
Letters of Support is therefore US$32,869,114. Apart from the above, the
plaintiffs will not be awarded any further damages for unpaid charter hire.
Specifically, there cannot be any damages for the claims that post-date the
Potentially Relevant Claims, for reasons provided earlier in this Judgment.

The Termination Amounts

394 The Termination Amounts sought by the plaintiffs (see [158(b)] above)
cannot be awarded.

395 As a starting point, the plaintiffs correctly point out that each of the
BBCs contain what is, in substance, an accelerated payment clause that
triggers upon termination. For example, clause 49.4.3 of the Go Perseus BBC
stipulates that upon termination, all balance charter hire “which [would have]
become due and payable… if [the BBC] was not terminated” would be payable by
the Charterers. In our view, the nature of clause 49.4.3 is that it results in
a contractual debt of the said amount in favour of the relevant plaintiff upon
termination of the relevant BBC. In other words, clause 49.4.3 is an
acceleration clause that brings forward the due dates of all future charter
hire instalments to the point of termination.

396 However, and be that as it may, the defendant’s obligations under the
Letters of Support do not extend to paying the Termination Amounts. At the
date of the termination of the BBCs (ie, 15 November 2017 for the Go Perseus
BBC and 31 January 2018 for the Go Phoenix and Go Pegasus BBCs), the
respective Charterers and OML were too far gone and it would have been a case
of throwing good money after bad – we have explained this point earlier in
this Judgment (see [291]–[293] above). Accordingly, given that the Termination
Amounts crystallised only at the juncture where the respective Charterers
and/or OML were already too far gone to be saved, they are not recoverable
from the defendant. The two implications of our finding in this regard are
that: (a) the defendant’s failure to pay the Termination Amounts to the
plaintiffs upon the termination of the BBCs was not a breach of his best
endeavours obligations; and (b) the Termination Amounts are not recoverable as
damages under the Pre-Termination Claims. We therefore reject the plaintiffs’
claims for the Termination Amounts.

Charge over sums equivalent to the Inpex Charter sub-hire payments

397 Lastly, the plaintiffs, in factual closing submissions, have argued for a
charge over the Inpex Charter sub-hire payments to the tune of US$5.4m. Their
argument is that the sub-hire payments, if duly deposited in the Earnings
Account, would have represented a “secured fund” that would have outlived the
Charterers’/the Guarantors’ entries into insolvency. We disagree.

398 Preliminarily, we have already found that the amount that had been
diverted from the Inpex Charter sub-hire payments was the sum of US$900,000,
not US$5.4m. Thus, relief, if granted, would be only for the former amount.

399 Our rejection of this argument is first on the basis of the pleadings.
While the plaintiffs have prayed in the Statement of Claim for “sum[s]” and
“damages” with respect to the defendant’s breach of the Letters of Support due
to the diversion of the Inpex Charter sub-hire payments, they have not prayed
specifically for the relief of a charge. Neither have they prayed for specific
performance/invocation of the relevant clause in the BBC that confers them a
charge over funds in the Earnings Account. In contrast, the plaintiffs have
specifically pleaded for a mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel, and even cited the
relevant clause of the September 2017 Addenda to that effect. We do not
believe that “sum[s]” or “damages”, as per the Statement of Claim can be
understood to mean a security interest in this sense absent specific language.

400 Assuming arguendo that we are incorrect on the above, the plaintiffs’
claim still cannot succeed. In essence, the plaintiffs have not proven that
the Go Phoenix Earnings Account, into which the Inpex Charter sub-hire
payments ought to have been deposited, would not have been depleted before 31
January 2018.

(a) The defendant’s best endeavours obligations, specifically under clauses
2(a) and 2(b) of the Letters of Support, must be understood as an obligation
for him to procure the Charterers/OML to immediately apply funds that were
available, as and when they became available, to outstanding charter hire
instalments. To that effect, the moment any Inpex Charter sub-hire payment was
deposited in the Earnings Account, it would have been used to satisfy
outstanding charter hire instalments between April to September 2017. That in
fact was the raison d’être of the Earnings Account – the funds therein were to
be used for prompt payment of charter hire.

(b) It is also untenable for the plaintiffs to argue that they would have
preserved any money in the Earnings Account and utilised instead the other
funds available to the defendant/the Charterers/OML between April to September
2017 – (a) they have not proven that they would have adopted such a course of
action, and (b) we are of the view that given the prevailing circumstances
(multiple outstanding payments and unanswered letters of demand), that is not
what would have been done. ICBCL and/or the plaintiffs would have immediately
applied any funds that were made available via the Earnings Account towards
outstanding charter hire.

Interest

401 We deal with the issue of interest (both late payment interest pursuant to
the default rate under the BBCs, as well as interest on the Judgment sum) at
the end of this Judgment.

Claim 2: Misrepresentation

Summary of the plaintiffs’ claim for damages for misrepresentation

402 In the alternative, it was the plaintiffs’ case that the defendant was
liable for damages for fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation. In essence,
such case was advanced on the basis that various representations were made by
or on behalf of the defendant in the course of various meetings in 2016 with
regard to the provision by the defendant of continuing financial support to
the Charterers/OML; that the plaintiffs relied upon such representations by
agreeing to the delisting of OML and/or in not terminating the BBCs at an
earlier stage, ie, if such representations had not been made, the plaintiffs
would not have agreed to the delisting of OML and would have terminated the
BBCs at an earlier stage; that, if the BBCs had been terminated earlier, then
the plaintiffs would not have suffered any loss or at least their losses would
have been much less than they turned out to be; and that accordingly, the
plaintiffs are entitled to recover damages at common law or, alternatively,
under s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act.

Applicable principles

403 As to the applicable principles, it was submitted on behalf of the
plaintiffs (and we accept) that these may be summarised as follows:

(a) It is trite that a tortious claim in fraudulent misrepresentation/deceit
may be brought at common law where (a) there is a representation of fact by
words or conduct, (b) made with the intention that it should be acted upon by
the plaintiff, (c) made with knowledge of its falsity or in the absence of any
genuine belief that it is true, (d) which the plaintiff acted upon, (e) and
has suffered damage from so doing (Broadley Construction Pte Ltd v Alacran
Design Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 110 at [26]; Derry v Peek (1889) LR 14 App Cas 337
(“Derry v Peek”) at 350).

(b) Similarly, it is uncontroversial that a claim for negligent
misrepresentation at common law may be brought (a) where the defendant has
made a false representation of fact, (b) which has induced reliance, (c) where
the defendant owes a duty of care and (d) which the defendant has breached,
(e) thereby causing damage to the plaintiff (see IM Skaugen SE and another v
MAN Diesel & Turbo SE and another [2018] SGHC 123 at [121]; Hedley Byrne & Co
Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd [1964] AC 465).

(c) Alternatively, a party who has relied upon a negligent misrepresentation
in entering a contract may bring a statutory claim pursuant to s 2(1) of the
Misrepresentation Act which reads as follows:

2.—(1) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation
has been made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has
suffered loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be
liable to damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made
fraudulently, that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the
misrepresentation was not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had
reasonable ground to believe and did believe up to the time the contract was
made that the facts represented were true.

[emphasis added in bold]

(d) The elements of the statutory claim are similar to those at common law,
except that it is for the defendant to prove the absence of negligence (see
RBC Properties Pte Ltd v Defu Furniture Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 997 at [66]).
Moreover, there is no need for the plaintiff to prove the existence of a duty
of care owed by the defendant to the plaintiff (see Sheila Kazzaz v Standard
Chartered Bank [2020] 3 SLR 1 at [128]).

(e) As for the requirement of reliance:

(i) The lack of reasonable reliance is irrelevant to the plaintiffs’ claims
based upon fraudulent misrepresentation/deceit. The cause of action for
fraudulent misrepresentation/deceit would be made out simply by the plaintiffs
proving that there had been reliance, in the sense that they had been induced
by the representations to inter alia allow the delisting. It is no defence
that they acted incautiously and failed to take those steps to verify the
truth of the representations (see, for example, Panatron Pte Ltd and another v
Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [24]).

(ii) The position is the same for the plaintiffs’ claims pursuant to s 2(1) of
the Misrepresentation Act (which we have already set out above) because of the
fiction of fraud.

(iii) In other words, reasonable reliance would only be relevant (if at all)
to the merits of the plaintiffs’ claim for common law negligent
misrepresentation. In the context of negligent misrepresentation, the concept
of “reasonable reliance” goes towards the issue of whether the court should
impose a duty of care. This is separate and distinct from the concept of
actual reliance, which relates to causation (and applies in all cases of
actionable misrepresentation).

General salient facts

404 As to the facts, the consideration of the plaintiffs’ misrepresentation
claims is somewhat complicated because of the “rolled-up” pleas advanced by
the plaintiffs, and the various hypothetical counter-factual scenarios relied
upon by the plaintiffs. These counter-factual scenarios supported the various
alternative ways in which the plaintiffs advanced the different strands of
their case (as set out in Section VIII of their Statements of Claim). In
addition, the evidence led by the plaintiffs was, in certain respects,
different from and somewhat narrower than their pleaded case. Be all this as
it may, the plaintiffs’ case as set out in their final submissions was as
follows.

405 As to the alleged representations, the plaintiffs’ case was that the
following representations were made to them by the defendant (or were made on
his behalf) during the various meetings and discussions in 2016 (specifically,
the March, April, June, October, and December meetings) as referred to above,
viz:

(a) The defendant intended to and would utilise or otherwise make available
his own personal wealth and/or financial resources and/or assets and/or
exercise his best endeavours to support the businesses of the Charterers/OML
so as to enable them to continue as going concerns and to meet their
respective liabilities under the BBCs/the guarantees (the “Financial Support
Representation”).

(b) The defendant intended, and had the means, to ensure timely payment of
sums due to the plaintiffs under the BBCs, including payment of the Deposit to
the first plaintiff within 60 days of OML’s delisting (the “Timely Payment
Representation”).

(c) The defendant had procured and/or intended to and would procure the
Samling Group (initiated by his family) to support the businesses of the
Charterers/OML so as to enable them to continue as going concerns and meet
their respective liabilities under the BBCs/the guarantees (the “Samling
Support Representation”).

(d) The defendant intended to and would, in connection with the delisting of
OML, make capital injection(s) to OML of S$143m and/or such sums as were
necessary to allow the Charterers/OML to continue as going concerns and enable
the Charterers/OML to meet their respective liabilities under the BBCs/the
guarantees (the “Capital Injection Representation”).

(e) The defendant had, and/or had reason to believe that he would come to have
in due course, sufficient funds and/or financial resources and assets
available to him to make the capital injection of S$143m to OML in connection
with the delisting (the “Delisting Means Representation”).

(f) The defendant intended to and would procure that the capital injection(s)
would be utilised inter alia towards the payment of the Deposit and other sums
falling due to the plaintiffs under the BBCs/the guarantees (the “Funds
Utilisation Representation”).

These representations are collectively referred to as “the six Alleged
Representations”. Critically, the plaintiffs do not allege that the six
Alleged Representations, as reproduced above, were made verbatim by the
defendant or on his behalf. The six Alleged Representations are what the
plaintiffs purportedly understood from what the defendant and/or his
representatives actually said at the various meetings, which will be canvassed
shortly in the Table in the next paragraph. This distinction is material for
reasons that will be made apparent.

406 In support of the foregoing, the plaintiffs relied upon the evidence of Mr
Yang Changkun, Mr Hong Xing and Ms Cao Jiangxin as summarised in a Table
contained in their factual closing submissions which we reproduce below
(subject to certain typographical corrections with regard to the dates of
certain meetings) as follows:

Meeting| Representation| Relevant passages  
---|---|---  
3 March 2016 Meeting| Financial Support RepresentationTimely Payment Representation | OML had suffered huge losses in 2015 due to the continuous decline in oil prices but was able to remain solvent by relying heavily on the defendant’s personal financial support.The Defendant remained committed to the survival of the OML Group and would take all steps necessary, including the injection of funds in his personal capacity, to ensure the solvency of the OML Group… Delisting presented a solution to this dilemma which would allow the defendant to inject further personal funds into the company.  
17 March 2016 Meeting| Financial Support RepresentationTimely Payment
RepresentationSamling Support Representation| The defendant and his family
collectively owned and had an interest in approximately 60% of the shares in
OML and had continued to provide financial support to OML on a number of
occasions.The delisting would allow decisions to be taken quickly as well as
allow the defendant and his family to provide further financial support to the
OML Group.  
15 April 2016 Meeting (attended personally by the defendant)| Financial
Support RepresentationTimely Payment RepresentationSamling Support
Representation Capital Injection RepresentationDelisting Means
RepresentationFunds Utilisation Representation| The privatisation would remove
the limitation to his ability to personally support the company. The defendant
would then be able to provide further financial support to the OML (using his
personal resources, including his family’s connections) which was necessary
for the group’s survival.He would, in connection with the delisting process,
personally inject approximately S$150m into OML. These sums would be used to,
inter alia, provide working capital for OML and for payment of sums due to the
Plaintiffs under the BBCs. (Representation of family support continuing from
16 March 2016 Meeting and further confirmed below).  
9 June 2016 Meeting (attended personally by the defendant)| All
Representations (see above)| During the meeting, the defendant himself
confirmed the proposed restructuring was progressing as expected. The
defendant and Mr See outlined the proposed timelines for the delisting
(targeting October 2016) and the defendant himself then further confirmed that
he had no problems funding the restructuring exercise. Additionally, he again
emphasised his willingness to invest his personal wealth and other resources
(including procuring the backing of his family and the Samling Group) to
support the OML Group.(Capital Injection, Funds Utilisation Representations
continuing from 15 April 2016 Meeting).  
12 October 2016 Meeting (Mr Seah/ Mr See)| All Representations| Good news from
the meeting yesterday was that Samling Group has reaffirmed their support for
Otto Marine and will inject fresh working capital into Otto Marine.(Financial
Support, Timely Payment, Capital Injection, Funds Utilisation Representations
continuing from 15 April 2016/7 June 2016 Meeting).  
15 December 2016 Meeting (attended personally by the defendant)| Financial
Support RepresentationTimely Payment RepresentationSamling Support
Representation| The plaintiffs’ representatives demanded inter alia that the
defendant… [p]rovide long-term solutions such as asset replacement/refinancing
of the debts of Otto Marine by using other assets and properties owned by the
defendant personally, whether in Malaysia or otherwise.The defendant agreed to
the above and assured the Plaintiffs’ representatives of his continued support
for the OML Group. He asked for more time to arrange payment of the
outstanding charter hire and to meet the foregoing requirements.  
  
For ease of reference and to avoid confusion with the many tables produced in
the earlier parts of this Judgment, we henceforth refer to this table as the
“Table above”.

407 Further, the plaintiffs relied on three particular emails which, they
submitted, recorded at least some of the foregoing undertakings and/or
representations:

(a) An email dated 12 June 2016 (referring to the meeting on or about 9 June
2016 in the Table above), in which Mr See reiterated to the plaintiff that
“[f]ollowing the delisting, there will be injection of funds by [the
Defendant]” and that “we will make the necessary payments that fall due”.

(b) An email dated 12 October 2016 (sent, it would appear, on the basis of the
representations made at the meeting on 12 October 2016 referred to in the
Table above), in which Mr Seah of Northcape wrote to Mr Hong Xing stating
inter alia the following: “[Mr See] just came back from Malaysia yesterday
wherein he gave a presentation of [OML] to the Samling Group management… Good
news from the meeting yesterday was that the Samling Group has reaffirmed
their support for [OML] and will inject fresh working capital into [OML]…”

(c) An email dated 5 December 2016 from Ms Chong requesting the first
plaintiff to consider inter alia allowing OML to “re-look” into the payment of
the Deposit. In the reply email dated 7 December 2016, the first plaintiff
rejected this request, referring to the defendant’s undertakings and/or
representations above. In particular, the first plaintiff’s email stated that:
“The main reason [the plaintiffs] accepted the delisting of [OML] is [that the
defendant] promised to inject SGD 143 [million] capital, and we have been
promised the USD[7 million] deposit will be included in the capital
injection”.

408 Further, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the Financial
Support, Timely Payment, Capital Injection and Funds Utilisation
Representations, all involved representations as to the defendant’s then
present intention to carry out future acts; and that it is well-established
that a statement of present intention is treated as a statement of present
fact – the fact being the present state of mind of the representor: J
Cartwright, Misrepresentation, Mistake and Non-Disclosure (Sweet & Maxwell,
4th Ed, 2017) (“Cartwright”) at [3-42]. We will deal with this submission (so
far as it is relevant) below.

409 In further support of their misrepresentation claims, the plaintiffs
relied upon the further facts and matters summarised below.

Issue-specific facts

(1) Inducement/Reliance

410 In summary, it was the plaintiffs’ case that they were induced by and
relied upon the representations as summarised in the Table above to do the
following:

(a) Consent to the delisting and, on this basis, to execute the July 2016
Addenda to amend the BBCs which, inter alia, removed the delisting of OML as
an Event of Default under the BBCs. (With respect to the representations made
through the March, April and June Meetings).

(b) Not to rescind and/or withdraw their consent to the delisting following
the execution of the July 2016 Addenda, and to forbear from terminating the
BBCs after the delisting or shortly thereafter in light of the
Charterers/OML’s subsequent defaults (for example, when the Charterers failed
to pay charter hire falling due on 2 November 2016). (With respect to the
representations made through the March, April and June Meetings, which were
continued in the October and December Meetings).

411 In support of the foregoing and at the risk of repetition, the plaintiffs
relied on various matters which we would summarise as follows:

(a) As to the plaintiffs’ consent to delisting:

(i) The contemporaneous records of the plaintiffs’ internal approvals process,
ie, the Approval Form for Change of Approval Items reflects the fact that the
plaintiffs’ employees relied upon the representations in reaching the ultimate
decision (made on behalf of the plaintiffs) to consent to the delisting. Thus,
in the section titled “Reasons for the Change” (which set out the rationale
for the proposal put up by Hong Xing on 21 April 2016), the Approval Form
states inter alia:

… The substantial shareholder will provide a total of about SGD150 million
(about USD110 million) for the privatization, which will mainly be the own
fund of the substantial shareholder. Otto Marine intends to start
privatization in May, and complete the process in September, so as to enable
the substantial shareholder to provide more funds support to the company in
the future.

[emphasis added in bold]

(ii) Mr Yang Changkun approved the application on 21 April 2016. In giving his
approval, Mr Yang Changkun’s unchallenged evidence was that he had in fact
relied on all of the representations above. (In so far as the defendant’s
counsel challenged Mr Yang Changkun’s evidence, this related to the
reasonableness of the reliance and not the fact of the reliance itself).

(iii) The section titled “Comment of Project Review Committee” which records
the decision of the committee to approve the proposed changes (ultimately
reflected in the July 2016 Addenda) states, inter alia:

…

2\. The privatization process of Otto Marine shall be monitored to ensure that
all debts remain payable to us in spite of the privatization, and that
accelerated payment of USD7 million be made by the shareholder in respect of
the third vessel project within 90 days after completion of privatization.

3\. A support letter from [the Defendant], the actual controlling party, shall
be obtained after the completion of privatization of the charterer, agreeing
to provide fund support in the event of difficulty of the charterer in payment
of hire.

[emphasis added in bold]

(iv) The defendant’s admitted agreement to the terms of the First Letters of
Support and the requirement for their delivery to the plaintiffs in connection
with the delisting simply reinforces the point.

(v) Given the background to the request, it is reasonable for the plaintiffs
to have relied upon the representations in deciding to consent to the
delisting. This also accords with common sense. There is no other good reason
for why the plaintiffs would have given their consent to the delisting.

(b) As to the plaintiffs’ decision not to rescind and/or withdraw their
consent to the delisting and terminate the BBCs:

(i) The plaintiffs allowed the signing of the July 2016 Addenda to proceed
despite not receiving the First Letters of Support by 12 July 2016 (the day of
the signing) because it had been (mis)represented to them that the defendant
was travelling and that the First Letters of Support would be provided to them
as soon as possible. The defendant’s failure to deliver the First Letters of
Support would thus have entitled the plaintiffs to withdraw and/or rescind
their consent vis-à-vis the Charterers. But in reliance on the defendant’s
representations, the plaintiffs desisted from doing so.

(ii) The failure to pay charter hire falling due on 2 November 2016 and the
Deposit in full and on time constituted an Event of Default which would have
entitled the plaintiffs to terminate the BBCs. Each of the plaintiffs’
witnesses has affirmed in their respective affidavits of evidence-in-chief
that, in the absence of the representations, the plaintiffs would have
terminated the BBCs and proceeded to take enforcement steps against the
Charterers/OML (specifically, Mr Hong Xing at paragraphs 37 to 42; Mr Yang
Changkun at paragraphs 90 to 95; and Ms Cao Jiangxin at paragraphs 36 to 41).

(2) Falsity of representations

412 In summary, it was the plaintiffs’ case that the representations were
false for reasons which we would summarise as follows:

(a) The defendant failed to place any evidence before the court that he had in
fact procured any disbursement of funds of S$143m in connection with the
delisting. Moreover, even if those sums were disbursed to OML, they were not
capital injections by way of equity.

(b) The Charterers began defaulting on their payment obligations immediately
after the delisting and the defaults lasted throughout the remainder of the
duration of the BBCs.

(c) The defendant did not take steps to ensure the payment of the Deposit to
the first plaintiff.

(d) The defendant did not make any capital injections post-delisting.

(e) The defendant never gave directions to ensure timely payment of sums
payable to the plaintiffs under the BBCs and the guarantees.

(f) The defendant never sought financial assistance from the Samling Group.

(g) In so far as the representations were made on the defendant’s behalf by Mr
See, they were false.

(3) Liability under the Misrepresentation Act

413 In support of its case under the Misrepresentation Act and, in that
context, the statutory requirement that the plaintiffs had entered a contract
with the defendant after the representations had been made to them, the
plaintiffs relied on what they alleged was a “contractual agreement” in or
around May 2016, between the plaintiffs and the defendant whereby the
plaintiffs consented to OML’s delisting (through the signing of the July 2016
Addenda), subject inter alia to the defendant’s execution and delivery of the
First Letters of Support to the plaintiffs.

(4) Liability at common law for fraudulent misrepresentation

414 In support of their case that the representations were made fraudulently
in the sense used by the court in Derry v Peek ([403(a)] supra), it was
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the same facts going towards
proving falsity go towards proving fraudulent intent. In summary:

(a) Despite the defendant’s representations to the effect that he had
sufficient means and intended to support the Charterers/OML such that they
would be able to meet their payment obligations to the plaintiffs following
the delisting (see the Financial Support, Timely Payment and Funds Utilisation
Representations), the Charterers/OML began defaulting on their obligations
under the BBCs/the guarantees almost immediately after the delisting
completed.

(b) Despite the Capital Injection, Financial Support or Timely Payment
Representations, there is no evidence that the defendant procured either the
S$143m capital injection in 2016 in connection with the delisting or any
further injection of funds in 2017.

(c) The defendant did not, at the relevant time, even take steps to ensure
that he had a clear understanding of his personal asset position or financial
means before making the six Alleged Representations to the plaintiffs. This
would be an obvious step one would expect a reasonable, prudent businessman to
take before making such representations to the plaintiffs, particularly where,
as the defendant’s own evidence suggests, his personal asset position at the
relevant time was not strong.

(d) In any event, the defendant’s own evidence is that he never gave
instructions (despite being the controlling shareholder and director of OML)
to OML’s management to ensure that funds available to OML were utilised toward
paying the plaintiffs. In particular, the defendant never gave instructions
for the purported S$143m “capital injection” to be utilised towards paying the
Deposit to the plaintiffs. Moreover, the evidence suggests that the defendant
never intended to give such instructions.

(e) The defendant also confirmed that he never requested any financial
assistance from the Samling Group either before or after the delisting and,
more importantly, that he would never have intended to do so.

(f) Moreover, in so far as the representations comprise false statements of
present intention and were made personally by the defendant, it follows that
they must have been fraudulently made. The defendant must have known his own
mind at the relevant time, ie, that he was not telling the truth. As observed
in Cartwright (at [3-42]):

A statement of intention is a representation of the speaker’s present plan for
his future conduct. If he does not have that belief or that plan at the time
he speaks, he is not telling the truth about his present state of mind. His
representation can be characterised as a fraudulent misrepresentation of fact
and therefore actionable.

[emphasis added]

(g) In so far as the representations were made by Mr See without the
defendant’s knowledge and authority, they are fraudulent because Mr See had no
basis for believing the truth of the statements.

(5) Liability at common law for negligent misrepresentation

415 The plaintiffs have pleaded, in the alternative, a claim for negligent
misrepresentation at common law. However, the claim for negligent
misrepresentation is only brought with respect to the representations in so
far as they do not consist of statements of present intention. As explained on
behalf of the plaintiffs, the reason behind this is that a person cannot make
negligent statements as to his own present intention. Thus, the plaintiffs’
claim for negligent misrepresentation covers the defendant’s representations
that:

(a) He had the means to ensure timely payment of the sums due to the
plaintiffs under the BBCs (in relation to the Timely Payment Representation);

(b) He could procure the Samling Group to support the Charterers/OML so as to
enable them to continue as going concerns and to fulfil their obligations
under the BBCs/the guarantees (ie, in relation to the Samling Support
Representation); and

(c) He had, and/or had reason to believe that, in due course, he would come to
have sufficient funds and/or financial resources and assets available to him
to make the capital injection of S$143m to OML in connection with the
delisting (ie, the Delisting Means Representation).

416 In support of their case under this head, it was submitted on behalf of
the plaintiffs that the defendant plainly owed the plaintiffs a duty of care
when making the representations, considering that (a) the defendant was the
controlling shareholder and Executive Chairman of OML and, together with or
acting through Mr See, met with and communicated with the plaintiffs’
representative in connection with the delisting; (b) the defendant/Mr See knew
that the plaintiffs/ICBCL had to decide whether to consent to the delisting as
the same constituted an Event of Default under the BBCs; and (c) the
representations were made in the course of formal business discussions,
meetings, and correspondence with the intent to induce the plaintiffs to
consent (or not to withdraw/rescind their consent) to OML’s delisting.

417 Accordingly, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the
defendant would have known or intended that the plaintiffs would reasonably
rely on the representations in, inter alia, consenting to the delisting.

418 Further, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs as follows:

(a) The issue of reasonable reliance arises in the context of negligent
misrepresentation as part of the inquiry into whether or not a duty of care
should be imposed;

(b) That such an inquiry relates to whether the representor should have
foreseen (taking into account the nature of the relationship between the
parties) that the representee would rely upon the representor in the making
the statement, without independently seeking to verify the same, so as to
justify the imposition of a duty of care: see Playboy Club London Ltd v Banca
Nazionale del Lavoro SpA [2018] 1 WLR 4041 in particular per Lord Sumption at
[6] and Cartwright at [6-22].

(c) In other words, the concept of “reasonable reliance” is the mirror image
of the concept of “voluntary assumption of responsibility”, giving rise to a
duty of care: see the decision of Andrew Phang J (as he then was) in Sunny
Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric (practising under the name and
style of W P Architects) [2007] 1 SLR(R) 853 at [70].

(d) This question relating to the reasonableness of reliance is separate and
distinct from the question of actual reliance which relates to causation (ie,
whether the misstatement caused the plaintiffs’ loss). Thus, Cartwright (at
[6-22], fn 105) draws a distinction between the claimant’s reliance on the
defendant’s care in making the statement as opposed to reliance on the
statement itself, stating that:

These are two very different senses of “reliance”: to say that the claimant
relied on the statement is an issue of causation: below, para 6-53: to say
that the claimant relied on the defendant’s skill is part of the test for a
duty, but in itself hardly a satisfactory test…

(e) At [6-53], Cartwright then analyses the test of reliance in the context of
causation in the following terms:

Causation; reliance. The defendant is liable only for the loss he caused. In
most claims in negligence for misrepresentation the claimant asserts that he
relied on the statement, in the sense that he received and acted upon the
defendant’s statement in such a way that he then suffered the loss claimed.
Proof of such reliance is therefore an element in the proof of causation of
damage: if it cannot be shown that the claimant relied on the statement in
taking the action consequent upon which he claims to have suffered loss, he
will not have established a causal link between the statement and the loss. In
applying this test, the courts have asked whether the statement influenced the
claimant’s conduct to a material degree, and whether it played a real and
substantial (though not necessarily decisive) part in inducing the claimant to
act. The burden of proof of reliance is on the claimant.

[emphasis added in bold italics; emphasis in bold in original]

(f) The inquiry as to the reasonableness of such reliance should be directed
towards the specific representations being relied upon to found the cause of
action. It is not a general inquiry into whether or not the representee
undertook due diligence as to a transaction.

(g) The defendant has never raised a lack of reasonable reliance specifically
in his pleadings. The defendant’s pleadings on their face are limited to
actual reliance.

419 Here, on the facts, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that it
was plainly reasonable for the plaintiffs to rely upon the defendant’s
representations in consenting to the delisting (and subsequently in continuing
not to rescind/withdraw the consent and/or terminate the BBCs in light of the
various defaults committed by the Charterers/OML). In support of that
submission, the plaintiffs relied upon various matters which we would
summarise as follows:

(a) The representations had been made specifically for the purpose of inducing
the plaintiffs to consent to the delisting of OML and the requested reduction
in charter hire. These representations were conveyed in formal settings such
as meetings between the parties or their representatives with a specific
declared objective in mind, ie, the delisting of OML.

(b) The reasonableness of the plaintiffs’ reliance on the representations is
further buttressed by the fact that the representations (at least to the
extent of the Financial Support, Timely Payment and Samling Support
Representations) were incorporated into the terms of the First Letters of
Support.

(c) On these facts alone, it is clear that the defendant must have known, and
in fact intended, for the plaintiffs to rely upon the representations.

(d) The defendant’s knowledge/intention is also reinforced by the nature of
the representations, which consist of three overarching statements:

(i) That the defendant intended to take various steps to support the
Charterers/OML financially and otherwise so as to ensure that they would
continue as going concerns and fulfil their respective payment obligations to
the Plaintiffs (see the Financial Support, Timely Payment, Capital Injection,
and Funds Utilisation Representations). In so far as the representations
relate to the defendant’s own intention to take various steps to support the
Charterers/OML so that they could fulfil their payment obligations towards the
plaintiffs, this was something solely within the defendant’s knowledge. It is
difficult to understand how the defendant would have expected the plaintiffs
to independently verify this aspect of the representations.

(ii) That the defendant had the means to take these steps (see the Timely
Payment and Capital Injection Means Representations).

(iii) That the defendant had the ability to procure assistance from the
Samling Group (see the Samling Support Representation).

(e) In so far as the defendant had represented that he had sufficient means to
take the relevant steps:

(i) The defendant is a scion of the Yaw family and had himself been on the
Forbes’ rich list. The defendant was the chairman, managing director and
controlling shareholder of OML (a very substantial listed company which the
plaintiffs had, following the conduct of due diligence, decided to do business
with). All of these point to the fact that the defendant was plainly a wealthy
individual.

(ii) The defendant, as an established businessman, would be expected to know
his own financial means.

(iii) It is wholly unclear what steps the plaintiffs could have taken to
independently verify this information. It would be wholly unreasonable and
uncommercial to expect the plaintiffs to effectively audit the defendant’s
assets to ascertain his financial means.

(iv) In any event, the defendant would have known that the plaintiffs had not
in fact taken steps to verify his representations: they had not approached him
to ask for proof of his asset position at the time. This further reinforces
the point that the defendant would have known that the plaintiffs would rely
on his representations, and that he in fact intended for the plaintiffs to do
so.

(v) In so far as the Samling Support Representation relates to the defendant’s
ability to procure financial assistance from the Samling Group for the
Charterers/OML, it was well-known that the defendant is a scion of the Yaw
family which owns the Samling Group. It was the defendant, and not the
plaintiffs, who would be best placed to speak to the financial resources
available to, and the willingness of, the Yaw family to bail OML out of the
financial quagmire. It would be wholly unreasonable and uncommercial to
require the plaintiffs to have required someone else in the Yaw family to
verify this statement by the defendant.

420 On the facts, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that there was
plainly a breach by the defendant of his duty of care. In particular, it was
submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs that the defendant had plainly acted
negligently in making the representations regarding his financial means to
make a “capital injection” of S$143m and/or ensure timely payments to the
plaintiffs. Thus, it was submitted on behalf of the plaintiffs:

(a) As for the Timely Payment Representation, this would have required the
defendant to understand the Charterers/OML’s obligations in connection with
the BBCs and the Charterers/OML’s financial position (as compared with his
personal asset position) but the defendant did not in fact have such an
understanding. For example, in cross-examination, the defendant could not even
state the months (much less the specific date) on which the charter hire
instalments under the BBCs fell due:

Q: So as far as your own personal knowledge is concerned, do you know, let’s
say for the Perseus charter party, when the charter hire fell due?

A: I don’t monitor the specific date, but my people do monitor the specific
date.

[emphasis added in bold]

In light of his own evidence, it is also questionable whether the defendant
had in fact taken steps to properly assess the state of the Charterers’/OML’s
finances at the time when the Representations were being made to assess their
correctness. Thus:

Q: I will press on for a couple more minutes and then I will leave the point.
Mr Yaw, I wasn’t talking about you consulting the running or management
accounts of the company on a specific date, I’m merely asking you before you
agreed to this addendum to Perseus BBC, did you or did you not look at the
management accounts or the running accounts of Otto Marine or the charterer to
form a view as to its impending liquidity?

A: I don’t -- I don’t know.

[emphasis added in bold]

A prudent, reasonable businessman would have equipped himself with a working
knowledge of the primary terms of the BBCs such as what charter hire payments
fell due. Without any personal knowledge or involvement, how, it may
rhetorically be asked, was the defendant able to represent to the plaintiffs
that he would ensure that the Charterers/OML meet, inter alia, the most basic
of financial obligations under the BBCs or the guarantees respectively? There
was thus no reasonable basis on the facts for the defendant to make the Timely
Payment and Delisting Means Representations to the plaintiffs.

(b) As for the Samling Support Representation, the defendant’s own position is
that he did not have the ability to require support from the Samling Group.
Thus, he states in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (at paragraph 66):

… I disagree that the best endeavours obligations under the Letters of Support
require me to procure financing or leveraging from my family and/or my
family’s businesses and/or the Samling Group. I cannot be liable for the
independent financial decisions made by my family and/or their businesses on
whether to support the Guarantor and/or Charterers, and which are contingent
on factors outside my control.

Moreover, as it subsequently transpired (on the defendant’s own evidence), he
did not in fact obtain any support from the Samling Group towards to assist
the Charterers/OML to perform their payment obligations to the plaintiffs.

(6) Damages

421 In summary, it was the plaintiffs’ case that if the misrepresentations had
not been made, they would have taken various recovery measures with the result
that the plaintiffs would have:

(a) Terminated the BBCs and taken repossession of the vessels in May/June 2016
or after October 2016. The plaintiffs would have been entitled to terminate
the BBCs on those dates because the Charterers’ charter hire payments were in
arrears during these periods.

(b) Prevailed upon the Charterers/OML/the defendant to pay the outstanding
sums to them.

(c) Alternatively, if the Charterers/OML/the defendant failed to pay the
outstanding sums to the plaintiffs, placed OML into liquidation by around
May/June 2016 or after October 2016, with the result that they would have
recovered from a larger pool of assets in the liquidation.

422 As acknowledged by counsel on behalf of the plaintiffs, with respect to
(a) and (c) above, the date of the repossession of the vessels (whether
May/June or after October 2016) would depend on the court’s finding as to when
the misrepresentations took place. Thus, it was submitted on behalf of the
plaintiffs that if the court finds that the misrepresentations were first made
during the March, April or June Meetings, any remedial steps that the
plaintiffs avoided taking as a result would have been around May/June 2016.
If, however, the court finds that the misrepresentations were made during the
October or December Meetings, then the remedial steps that the plaintiffs
avoided taking as a result would have been after October 2016.

423 On this basis, the plaintiffs advanced the following alternative damages
claims:

(a) Damages Case 1: Damages for the depreciation in the value of the vessels
between 2016 to 2018 in the sum of US$57,382,608 (in the event that the
misrepresentations were made by May 2016) and US$43,882,608 (in the event that
the misrepresentations were made by October 2016).

(b) Damages Case 2: Damages in the sum of US$172,487,026.28 (May 2016) or
US$169,080,372.51 (October 2016) on the basis that, if the misrepresentations
had not been made, they would have prevailed on OML to pay them the
outstanding sums in full.

(c) Damages Case 3: Alternatively to Damages Case 2, damages in the sum of
US$32.25m, representing the difference between (a) the amount likely
recoverable by the plaintiffs had they placed OML into liquidation in 2016,
and (b) the amount likely recoverable by the plaintiffs under the present
liquidation which was commenced in 2018.

424 As to these above figures, the plaintiffs relied, in particular, on the
evidence of their experts, Mr Manning and one Mr James Frew. For present
purposes, we would simply note that these figures were disputed by the
defendant who relied, in particular, on the expert evidence of Mr Sutton and
also a report dated October 2016 prepared by M3 Valuations Pte Ltd. The main
focus of such disputes concerned in particular (a) the valuations to be
attributed to the vessels at various dates (which are of direct relevance to
Damages Case 1); (b) the likelihood of OML being prevailed upon to pay the
outstanding sums under the BBCs at various dates (which is of direct relevance
to Damages Case 2); and (c) the likely recovery of any sums in any liquidation
in 2016 or in the present liquidation (which is relevant to Damages Case 3).

Summary of the defendant’s case

425 By way of defence, various points were raised by counsel on behalf of the
defendant. In summary, the main points were as follows:

(a) While it was accepted that certain of the alleged representations had the
potential to be actionable, this was not the case with regard to alleged
statements of opinion or belief as they are not alleged statements of fact,
and the plaintiffs have not pleaded that the defendant expressly or impliedly
stated that he honestly held those opinions or beliefs.

(b) The alleged statements about the defendant using his personal resources
and providing and procuring “support” are, in any event, too vague to be
actionable. In this context, counsel on behalf of the defendant relied upon
Marme Inversiones 2007 SL v Natwest Markets plc and others [2019] EWHC 366
(Comm) at [120]–[123].

(c) It was accepted that (a) a statement of fact may (or may not, depending on
the circumstances) amount to a continuing representation, that is, a statement
which is deemed to be repeated day by day until corrected; and (b) a
continuing representation may be true when first made but if it ceases to be
true to the knowledge of the maker, and he allows it to go uncorrected, he may
commit a fraudulent misrepresentation if another person relies on a deemed
repetition of the (now falsified) statement. Nevertheless, in order to
demonstrate that a continuing representation arising from a statement of
present intention is false, it is necessary to prove that, when the maker
originally made the alleged statement, he did not truly intend to do what he
said he intended to do. In other words, it is not sufficient to prove that he
no longer held that intention at a later date on which he is deemed to have
repeated the statement. In this context, counsel on behalf of the defendant
relied upon WPP Group plc v Reichmann [2000] All ER (D) 1409 at [63]–[64]; and
Tudor Grange Holdings Ltd v Citibank NA [1992] Ch 53 at pp 67–68.

(d) Here, the plaintiffs bear the burden of proving that the defendant’s
alleged statements were untrue. As such, in relation to the claims based on
alleged statements of present intention, the plaintiffs must prove that the
defendant was deliberately lying. The plaintiffs have failed to discharge that
burden.

(e) The affidavits of evidence-in-chief of the plaintiffs’ witnesses had the
hallmarks of being drafted by lawyers and were “self-serving”; that the latter
was perhaps not surprising given that these witnesses appear to have been
under pressure in respect of the increasing credit risk that was posed by the
ongoing business relationship with OML; that there were certain
inconsistencies or discrepancies between the evidence of such witnesses and
the meeting notes produced in discovery by the plaintiffs; and that some notes
were apparently missing.

(f) With regard to the specific representations alleged by the plaintiffs:

(i) As to the Capital Injection Representation, the defendant denied that
there was any specific representation of an “injection” of S$143m. Rather, the
contemporaneous evidence made it clear that the defendant only said that he
intended to procure funding of S$143m in total, most of which was to be used
to secure the delisting of OML and only part of which would be available as
new working capital for the delisted company. That is what in fact happened.
There is no evidence to support a wider representation that the intended to
procure such further working capital as might be necessary to allow OML and/or
the Charterers to continue as going concerns and to enable them to meet their
respective liabilities under the Guarantee and the BBCs. It is inherently
unlikely that the defendant would have stated that he intended to write what
amounted to a blank cheque.

(ii) As to the Funds Utilisation Representation, this was also denied. In that
context, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that according to the
plaintiffs’ notes, there was no discussion of this at the 3 March meeting or
17 March meeting. Rather, the purpose of the funding was explained in general
terms at the April meeting but, as appears from Mr Hong Xing’s own notes, the
plaintiffs appreciated that only the balance of funds (following utilisation
of those funds which were necessary to secure the delisting) would be used to
supplement the working capital of OML. There is no reference in those notes to
the defendant procuring that the funding would be utilised towards the payment
of the Deposit or future sums falling due to the plaintiffs. The defendant did
state that he intended for some of the capital injection to be utilised
towards the payment of charter hire due to the plaintiffs – but only a figure
of US$3m appears in the contemporaneous documents.

(iii) As to the Financial Support Representation, the contemporaneous
documents do not support a finding that the defendant or Mr See represented
that the defendant would continue to provide such financial support post
delisting so as to enable OML and the Charterers to continue as going concerns
and be able to perform their obligations under the BBCs and the guarantees.
The only reference to the defendant providing funding in the notes of the
April meeting is to the provision of about S$150m in the context of the
delisting of OML. As acknowledged by his counsel in the course of final
submissions, the defendant accepted in evidence that he said at the April
meeting that he would support OML “…as much as possible. I will support it…”;
that at the August meeting, he made a “…commitment to support [OML] as much as
possible from day one before IPO, since IPO…”; and that in relation to the
meeting on 15 December 2016, he probably made another statement that he would
support OML. However, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that these
vague, general statements could not reasonably be understood to mean that the
defendant was writing a blank cheque, particularly not to persons in the
position of the plaintiffs’ representatives who were well aware that the
defendant had not provided a personal guarantee, that he was not willing to do
so, and that legally binding obligations of that nature are not undertaken
lightly, casually or without being formally reduced to writing.

(iv) As to the Delisting Means Representation, this was denied. In any event,
it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the alleged representation
would not be actionable as it is a statement of opinion or belief.

(v) As to the Timely Payment Representation, this was denied.

(vi) As to the Samling Support Representation, this too was denied. In this
context, the defendant’s evidence was clear: he had not (and his advisors
would not have) represented that the Samling Group intended to support the
business of the Charterers/OML to enable them to continue as going concerns
and to meet their liabilities under the BBCs/the guarantees. To the extent
that the plaintiffs relied on certain emails, it was submitted on behalf of
the defendant that these did not assist the plaintiffs; and that, in any
event, any statements contained therein were too vague to be actionable, too
vague to be falsified, and certainly too vague to be relied upon.

(g) As to falsity, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the
plaintiffs bear the burden of proving that the alleged representations were
untrue; that in so far as the alleged representations are statements of
present intention, proof from the plaintiffs that the defendant lied is
required; that the plaintiffs have failed to discharge that burden; and that,
on the contrary, the evidence points in the opposite direction. In particular,
it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that he did provide financial
support to OML but that ultimately OML was overwhelmed by adverse market
conditions.

(h) As to reliance, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the
plaintiffs were well aware by March 2016 that the shipping market was
“terrible” and that the business of OML and the Charterers was in a “parlous
state”; that against that background, the plaintiffs wanted to support the
delisting of OML because the alternative of terminating the BBCs was far less
attractive; that this was the case is borne out by the fact that the
plaintiffs decided as early as April 2016 to support the delisting; that
accordingly, the plaintiffs’ contention that they only supported the delisting
in reliance on the representations ought to be rejected; and that even after
delisting, the plaintiffs made a commercial decision not to terminate.
Further, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant that no competently run
bank makes significant lending decisions on a casual basis; that if it
intended to act on assurances from a borrower or surety, it would have
insisted on those assurances being reduced to (specific and detailed) written
form, for the sake of certainty and legal enforceability; that it would have
performed its own due diligence to verify what it was being told; that a brief
perusal of the evidence in this case reveals that ICBCL was no exception to
this principle; that it kept the banking and finance departments of law firms
like Wikborg and Rajah & Tann busy drawing up complex and lengthy legal
documentation in relation to its investment in OML – documentation which was
designed to be clear and legally watertight; and that the suggestion that the
plaintiffs blithely relied upon vague statements by the defendant and by
officers of OML, which were at best vague and in most cases not even explicit
but are said by implication, without getting anything in writing, and without
doing thorough due diligence, lacks credibility. Thus, in summary, it was
submitted on behalf of the defendant that the reality was that the plaintiffs
did not rely (and certainly did not reasonably rely) on any alleged
representations, because that is not how banks do business.

(i) As to the quantum of damages, it was submitted on behalf of the defendant
that in order for the plaintiffs to establish that they have suffered loss by
reason of any actionable misrepresentation, they must establish that in the
absence of the representations (a) they would have acted in the way they
assert; and (b) that by so acting, they would have suffered no or less loss;
and that the plaintiffs failed to surmount both hurdles.

Observations, analysis and conclusions

426 As to these submissions, our observations, analysis and conclusions are as
follows.

What representations were made

427 We bear well in mind the defendant’s general observations and criticisms
with regard to the nature and reliability of the evidence of the plaintiffs’
witnesses. We readily accept that, as submitted on behalf of the defendant,
there was an increasing risk for the plaintiffs in the relevant period in
regard to their exposure in relation to the instant financing. It is also fair
to say that there were at least some discrepancies between some of the
contemporaneous records and the evidence given by the plaintiffs’ witnesses.
However, we do not find the latter particularly surprising given that (a) the
relevant events occurred some time ago and (b) such discrepancies were largely
not of major significance.

428 Specifically, we note the submission made on behalf of the plaintiffs that
it was not in fact open to the defendant to dispute the evidence of the
plaintiffs’ witnesses on what representations were made because such evidence
was never challenged in cross-examination. We accept that submission. In any
event, it is our conclusion that the plaintiffs’ witnesses were, in our view,
patently honest witnesses who were doing their best to give truthful evidence
with regard to their involvement in the relevant meetings and events.
Moreover, it is important to note that (a) no other cogent evidence was
tendered by or on behalf of the defendant to contradict or otherwise doubt the
alleged representations as summarised above; and (b) despite some
discrepancies, the accounts of the plaintiffs’ witnesses were largely
corroborated by the records of the meetings (including minutes, emails or
internal reports).

429 Thus, subject to one important caveat, we accept the evidence of the
plaintiffs’ witnesses that the representations set out in the Table above were
made during the meetings as there stated; and that subject further to the
question of the authority of Mr See and Ms Chong (which we consider below)
such representations were made by or on behalf of the defendant. For the
avoidance of doubt, we should emphasise that our conclusion goes no further
than what is stated in the Table above. The significance/meaning behind these
representations, properly understood, is a separate question which we now turn
to.

Issues with the Capital Injection, Delisting Means and Funds Utilisation
Representations

430 The one important caveat we would make concerns what the plaintiffs have
described as the Capital Injection Representation, the Delisting Means
Representation and the Funds Utilisation Representation. As formulated, we do
not accept that any such representations were made. We reach this conclusion
for the following reasons.

431 Together, the Capital Injection Representation, Delisting Means
Representation and Funds Utilisation Representation comprise three main and
conjoined elements in connection with the delisting:

(a) that the defendant would make a capital injection of S$143m and/or such
other sums may be necessary for the Charterers/OML to continue as going
concerns and to meet the payment obligations under the BBCs/the guarantees;

(b) that the defendant would use the said capital injection to meet those
obligations; and

(c) that the defendant had the means or would come into the means to make the
said capital injection.

432 As a starting point, it must be emphasised that these could not have been
express representations. There is simply no evidence of the defendant or his
representatives using the language as reproduced by the plaintiffs in their
allegations at [405(d)] to [405(f)] above. As one clear illustration of this,
the evidence relied upon by the plaintiffs as set out in the Table above makes
no mention of a figure of S$143m. Rather, the only part of the evidence relied
upon by the plaintiffs in the Table above with regard to the specific
injection of certain funds (notably not S$143m but “…approximately SGD150
million…”) is in the context of the meeting on 15 April 2016, where the
plaintiffs cite the evidence of Mr Yang Changkun. In paragraph 60 of Mr Yang
Changkun’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he asserts that it was at that
meeting that the defendant had represented that “….he would, in connection
with the delisting process, personally inject approximately SGD150 million
into OML. These sums would be used to, inter alia, provide working capital for
OML and for payment of sums due to the Plaintiffs under the BBCs…”

433 In which case, the plaintiffs’ case must be that the Capital Injection
Representation, the Delisting Means Representation and the Funds Utilisation
Representation were implied representations based on what the defendant
actually said on the various occasions, ie, what the plaintiffs claimed to
have understood from the defendant. In this regard, it is important to first
understand the true scope and effect of these alleged representations:

(a) The Capital Injection Representation and the Funds Utilisation
Representation concern what the defendant said he would do. In other words,
these representations concern the defendant’s intention or state of mind. The
allegation in relation to the Capital Injection Representation and the Funds
Utilisation Representation is that the defendant represented that upon or
subsequent to delisting, the defendant would make a capital injection of
S$143m or such other sums that would enable the Charterers/OML to continue as
going concerns and meet the payment obligations under the BBCs/the guarantees.
In other words, the plaintiffs’ assertion is that they did not understand the
defendant’s representation to be referring to a one-off capital injection. A
one-off capital injection upon or shortly after delisting cannot ensure that
the companies continue as going concerns and meet the payment obligations over
the life of the BBCs. The capital requirements for that outcome to be achieved
could not be accurately assessed upon delisting or shortly thereafter as such
assessment would depend on how the operating environment evolved.

(b) The Delisting Means Representation relates to whether the defendant
believed that he had the means to make the capital injection – whether S$143m
or S$150m. While this appears to be based on a state of mind, it actually
turns on whether the defendant did make the relevant capital injection. If he
did, it would show that he had the right state of mind, ie, he would have
proven that he did have the relevant means.

The plaintiffs are therefore making a broader case: that the defendant, in
effect, represented that upon or subsequent to delisting he intended to make
capital injection(s) to keep the companies afloat and enable payments to be
made over the life of the BBCs. In other words, this was a continuing
obligation to make capital injections.

434 However, we do not consider that the evidence supports such an enlarged
promise. We deal first with the Capital Injection Representation and the Funds
Utilisation Representation.

(a) In truth, this aspect is really a case based on the Financial Support
Representation and the Samling Support Representation viz that the defendant
intended to: (a) use his personal wealth, and (b) procure the Samling Group to
support the Charterers/OML to ensure that they remained as going concerns and
met their payment obligations under the BBCs. In so far as any capital
injection was concerned, the evidence shows that what was actually said was
that the defendant would inject a sum of S$150m or so for the purpose of the
privatisation of OML. The conversation here was only with regard to a one-off
injection; it did not carry with it the broader implications the plaintiffs
allege. In other words, there was no commitment by the defendant to provide
long-term continued funding to keep the Charterers/OML as going concerns.

(b) It was also clear to all involved that such an injection was not solely
for working capital. The plaintiffs understood that the monies would be used
for two principal purposes – (a) delisting obligations, ie, buying out
minority interests and retiring bonds; and (b) working capital. We have
already expressed our views in this regard in the context of the Letters of
Support. In any event, those views remain equally relevant in the present
context and bear repetition:

(i) Although Mr Hong Xing’s notes of the 15 April meeting refer to the
defendant providing about S$150m, it was clear even at this stage that this
was not intended solely to provide working capital. Mr Hong Xing’s notes of
this meeting explain as follows:

As understood, currently Mr Yaw directly and indirectly holds 62% stake, and
the market value of Otto Marine is about SGD40 million. Mr Yaw plans to
provide about SGD150 million, of which SGD20-30 million will be used to
repurchase the shares, and SGD70 million will be used to repay the debentures
maturing in August, and the balance will be used to supplement the working
capital of the company.

[emphasis added in bold]

(ii) When ICBCL’s Shipping Finance Department approved the delisting of OML on
21 April 2016, it noted that “substantial shareholder will provide a total of
about SGD 150m for the privatisation which will mainly be the own fund of the
substantial shareholder.” [emphasis added]

(iii) In the report of the August 2016 meeting (ie, some two months after OML
had announced plans to delist) it was noted that the main use of the “SGD 140m
made available by the substantial shareholder [was] for the privatisation.”
[emphasis added].

(iv) It is clear that for OML to delist, it had to retire bonds and buy-out
minority shareholders which would inevitably deplete the sum of S$143m that
the defendant had raised for privatisation. ICBCL knew this.

(v) Notably, post delisting, when there was a failure to pay outstanding
charter hire and the Deposit, ICBCL did not allege that there was
misrepresentation by the defendant by reason of not making a capital injection
of S$143m into OML.

(c) Thus, the plaintiffs were fully aware that there would not be a capital
injection of around S$150m (or any other particular sum) upon delisting for
purely working capital purposes. What was said and understood was that there
would be a one-off S$150m capital injection which would be made available for
multiple purposes associated with the privatisation. There was no promise that
the defendant would pump in such sums as was necessary to ensure that the
Charterers/OML remained afloat and were able to meet their payment obligations
over the life of the BBCs. That is something contained in the Letters of
Support – in particular, clause 3. Also, we do not consider that there was any
representation still less any promise that the capital injection or what might
be left of it, would be used to pay the Deposit or the charter hire, etc;
properly understood, this actually pertains to the Funds Utilisation
Representation. This is in fact captured – and regulated – by clause 2(a) of
the Letters of Support.

435 As for the Delisting Means Representation, in so far as the plaintiffs’
allegation, properly understood (as explained above at [433]), is that there
was a representation by the defendant that he had the means to support capital
injection(s) for the continuing purpose of keeping the Charterers/OML as going
concerns, no such representation was made. This follows from our conclusion
that the defendant did not represent that he would make a capital injection of
such an expansive nature (let alone that he had the means to do so).

436 Therefore, as formulated, we do not accept that any representation was
made to the effect that the defendant would, or even intended to, inject into
OML approximately S$150m (or indeed any specific sum) as working capital only
or indeed as additional working capital, for the purpose of keeping the
Charterers/OML as going concerns. In our judgment, it is plain from the
totality of the evidence that no such representation was, or was intended to
be, made by or on behalf of the defendant, whether expressly or impliedly.

437 For all these reasons and for the avoidance of doubt, we accept that the
representations set out in the Table above (specifically in the right column)
were made by or on behalf of the defendant save that we do not accept that he
made any express or implied representation that he would inject any specific
sum (whether approximately S$150m, S$143m or any lesser specific sum) as
working capital into OML nor that the plaintiffs understood that any such
representation had been made by or on behalf of the defendant.

Authority

438 It is important to note that the defendant’s case was to deny the
authority of Mr See and Ms Chong to make representations on his behalf to the
plaintiffs. We do not accept that submission for the reasons advanced on
behalf of the plaintiffs which we would summarise as follows:

(a) In cross-examination, the defendant accepted (or at least did not deny)
that both these individuals were his representatives.

(b) Mr See and Ms Chong were respectively the CEO and CFO of OML, which was at
all material times effectively under the control of the defendant (as the
controlling shareholder and Executive Chairman of OML). Mr See and Ms Chong
clearly played a liaison or intermediary role between the defendant and the
plaintiffs/ICBCL. In particular, most if not all email correspondence to the
plaintiffs communicating the defendant’s position was sent by either Mr See or
Ms Chong. For example, email exchanges on 24 May 2016 between Mr See and the
defendant show Mr See to be taking instructions from the defendant as to how
to respond to the plaintiffs’ repeated chasers for payment of outstanding
charter hire. This chain of emails ends with Mr See’s email (timed at 10.33pm
on the same day) stating that he would convey the defendant’s position to Mr
Hong Xing: “Noted on payment of usd1m to ICBCL this week. I will call Jacky
[ie, Mr Hong Xing] tomorrow morning.” Upon being questioned on this exchange
of emails, the defendant confirmed that Mr See was authorised to act as his
representative vis-à-vis the plaintiffs:

Q: [Referring to Michael See’s email above] Mr Yaw, so would I be right,
therefore, to say that since you don’t communicate by email with ICBC Leasing,
in fact, Michael See was the person, the go-between, between you on one hand
and ICBC Leasing on the other. Is that correct?

A: Sometimes.

Q: Other times, Mr Yaw?

A: I think Michael See has many communication [sic] with them.

[emphasis added in bold]

(c) And similarly, in relation to a separate series of questions:

Q: So Mr KC Ooi, like Michael See, would be a go-between, an intermediary
between you on one hand and ICBC Leasing on the other. Would you agree with
that?

A: I don’t know whether there’s a go-between, okay, but they both work for the
company.

Q: Yes. And they pass messages on from ICBC to you and vice versa, is that
correct?

A: This case, yes.

Q: Generally?

A: Again, I don’t know, I don’t read all the communication with ICBC, okay, so
if they think it’s important for me to know, then in this case involve me,
then they send it to me.”

[emphasis added in italics; additional emphasis in bold italics]

(d) In other words, whenever the defendant wished to communicate with the
plaintiffs, he would do so through Mr See. This clearly establishes that Mr
See was clothed with authority (or at least apparent authority, depending on
the specific occasion) by the defendant to make representations on his behalf
to the plaintiffs.

(e) The defendant confirmed in evidence that he had delegated the task of
discussing the terms of the First Letters of Support, a critical aspect of the
plaintiffs’ approval of OML’s delisting, to Mr See.

(f) The defendant has also confirmed that he was aware of Mr See’s attendance
at the 3 March 2016 meeting in Beijing to discuss the BBCs (though not the
precise contents of the discussions). There is no reason to believe that the
defendant was not similarly aware of the other meetings which transpired
between Mr See/Ms Chong and the plaintiffs on other occasions. The defendant
has not taken such a position either in his pleadings or in his evidence.
Further, in our judgment, it is inconceivable that Mr See/Ms Chong would not
have briefed the defendant fully given the stakes involved.

(g) It is also telling that, in so far as the defendant purported to challenge
Mr See’s and Ms Chong’s authority, he did not call either of them to give
evidence on their alleged lack of authority. This is particularly telling in
the case of Ms Chong, who eventually did take the stand on Day 9 of the trial.

(h) In any event, the representations allegedly made by Mr See and Ms Chong at
meetings/discussions not personally attended by the defendant were entirely
consistent and, in most cases, a mere continuation of statements made either
by the defendant himself and/or his representatives at meetings which he
personally attended.

439 For all these reasons, we accept that to the extent that representations
were made at the meetings as summarised in the Table above, they were made
either by the defendant himself or on his behalf.

440 It is then necessary to consider the various different bases upon which
the plaintiffs advance their misrepresentation claims and, in particular, (a)
what was the meaning of each of the abovementioned representations, properly
understood in their contexts, and whether they bore the meaning of any of the
six Alleged Representations as argued by the plaintiffs; (b) whether such
representations, correctly understood, were false and, if so, whether they
were made fraudulently; (c) whether they were relied upon by the plaintiffs
and, if so, whether such reliance was reasonable; and (d) whether the
plaintiffs have suffered any and, if so what, damage.

441 So far as relevant, we propose to deal with these issues with regard to
the various representations set out in the Table above and in the emails
relied upon by the plaintiffs in chronological sequence.

The March/April representations

442 It is convenient to take these representations together.

443 We have no doubt that certain parts of these representations would prima
facie amount to potential actionable misrepresentations in so far as these
were sufficiently unambiguous statements of fact – for example, the
representation that OML had suffered huge losses in 2015 and that the
defendant and his family collectively owned and had an interest in
approximately 60% of the shares in OML. These quite clearly satisfy the first
requirement that there must be a clear statement of a certain fact made by the
misrepresentor (see [403] above). However, we are unpersuaded that some of the
representations carried the meaning/significance that the plaintiffs attach to
them. In our view, they were too vague to have that effect. At best, these
were in effect “snippets” of conversations made in the course of business
meetings where the defendant either by himself or through his representatives
was seeking indulgences from the plaintiffs with a view to arriving at a
commercial solution. In context, as a matter of business reality, we do not
consider that such snippets expressed in such circumstances are properly
characterised as potential actionable misrepresentations.

444 Take, for example, the representation that the defendant would, in
connection with the delisting, personally inject approximately S$150m and that
“…these sums would be used to, inter alia, provide working capital for OML and
for payment of sums due to the plaintiffs under the BBCs…” We accept that this
representation is potentially important, but what exactly does it mean? We
have already expressed our views on this above (see [434]–[435] above). More
specifically, what does “approximately” S$150m mean? What is the effect of the
words “inter alia”? What does “working capital” mean? What part of what sum
“would be used” for “working capital”? And what part of what other sum “would
be used” for “payment of sums due” under the BBCs? In our view, this
representation is hopelessly vague so as to not amount to a potential
actionable representation in the context of the March meetings. Similar
objections can be made to the other representations referred to in the
March/April meetings.

(1) Falsity

445 We are unpersuaded that several of the representations were false either
at the time that they were made or (to the extent that they were continuing
representations) at any material time thereafter, still less that they were
made fraudulently. Bearing in mind that the burden of proving falsity (and any
representation made fraudulently) lies on the plaintiffs and taking each of
the alleged representations in the March/April meetings in turn:

(a) It seems uncontroversial that OML had suffered huge losses in 2015 due to
the continuous decline in oil prices but was able to remain solvent by relying
heavily on the defendant’s personal financial support.

(b) Quite apart from the fact that the stated representation that the
defendant “…remained committed to the survival of the OML Group…” has not been
specifically pleaded, it is so vague as to be virtually meaningless. In any
event, in broad terms, we are unpersuaded that this statement was false at the
time it was made or at any material time thereafter in any relevant sense,
still less that such a representation was made fraudulently.

(c) The representation that the defendant “…would take all steps necessary,
including the injection of funds in his personal capacity, to ensure the
solvency of the OML Group… Delisting presented a solution to this dilemma
which would allow the Defendant to inject further personal funds into the
company…” is, again, extraordinarily vague, and is of no assistance to the
plaintiffs for several reasons:

(i) The representation reproduced above (taken from the plaintiffs’
submissions) is somewhat different from the equivalent pleaded representation
in the Statement of Claim, ie, “[t]he Defendant wished to delist the Guarantor
so that the Defendant and his family members could continue to provide
financial support to the Guarantor and the Charterer.” The differences
highlight the weakness in the plaintiffs’ case in this respect: taking the
pleaded case, it is hard to see how such a representation could possibly have
been false, still less that it was made fraudulently. The defendant’s desire
to delist OML, and his purposes for so desiring, were not disputed.

(ii) In any event, addressing the plaintiffs’ case as per its submissions,
what does “all steps necessary” mean? The rest of these words would, on the
plaintiffs’ case, seem to prove too much. These words could not have been
intended, or reasonably understood, to be an open-ended legally binding
representation by the defendant that he would personally ensure the continued
solvency of the entirety of the OM Group extending beyond the term of the BBCs
into the far distant future. And, if not that, what do these words mean and
what were they reasonably understood to mean? To a large extent, these
observations reinforce our view that these words are too vague to be
understood as the plaintiffs claim, ie, as a promise to make ongoing capital
injections to keep the Charterers/OML afloat at all costs by the defendant
(who was, of course, not at this particular meeting in March when this
representation was made) for reasons already stated above.

(iii) In our view, the most that these words might mean is that the defendant
would use reasonable endeavours to support the OM Group.

We are thus unpersuaded that such a representation was false at the time it
was made or at any material time thereafter in any relevant sense, still less
that such a representation was made fraudulently.

(d) It seems uncontroversial that “…the defendant and his family collectively
owned and had an interest in approximately 60% of the shares in OML and had
continued to provide financial support to OML on a number of occasions”. In
any event, we are unpersuaded that such a statement was false, still less made
fraudulently.

(e) Similarly, it seems uncontroversial that “…The delisting would allow
decisions to be taken quickly as well as allow the Defendant and his family to
provide further financial support to the OML Group…” In any event, we are
unpersuaded that such statement was false at the time it was made or at any
material time thereafter in any relevant sense still less that such a
representation was made fraudulently.

(f) In the same vein, the statement that “[t]he privatisation would remove the
limitation to [the defendant’s] ability to personally support the company” is
quite clearly true.

(g) Finally, the already thoroughly-discussed statement that the defendant
would “personally inject approximately SGD150 million into OML” may, taken
strictly on its face, appear false given that (as stated earlier) there is no
clear evidence that the defendant did make such a capital injection (see
[222(a)] and the conclusion of [222] above, as well as [434(c)] above). That
said, what is pertinent is that the primary objective of the said capital
injection (ie, facilitating OML’s privatisation, and not solely for use as
working capital) was successfully procured, suggesting that the falsity was
for all intents and purposes an inconsequential one. In other words (though
not strictly an issue of falsity), there was simply no damage.

(2) Reliance

446 In any event, we are also unpersuaded that the plaintiffs did in fact rely
upon any of the March/April representations; or, if they did, that it was or
would have been reasonable for the plaintiffs to do so.

447 In the normal course, any bank or financial institution in the position of
the plaintiffs would not or, at the least, would not reasonably be expected to
rely on vague statements made by or on behalf of their borrower in the course
of meetings forming part of commercial negotiations intended to seek a
solution to the type of difficult financial circumstances which obtained
during the course of 2016 – still less statements made by some individual
purportedly on behalf of another individual in the position of the defendant
who was (as in the case of at least some of the representations) absent from
such meetings. Such banks or financial institutions would want and generally
only act upon documentation which was, as submitted on behalf of the
defendant, designed to be clear and legally watertight. Thus, we accept the
submission on behalf of the defendant that the suggestion that the plaintiffs
blithely relied upon statements by the defendant and by officers of OML, which
were at best vague and in most cases not even explicit but were discernable
only by implication, without getting anything in writing, and without doing
thorough due diligence, lacks credibility and should be rejected. That is not
how banks and other financial institutions do business. Rather than rely on
such vague statements, any financial institution in the position of the
plaintiffs would insist on some form of written agreement – and that is what
happened: the main thrust of the March/April representations was, in effect,
captured in clause 3 of the Letters of Support which was a heavily negotiated
document.

448 In truth, the position in April 2016, ie, after the March representations
were made, was that, as Mr Yang Changkun accepted in cross-examination, OML
was in “dire straits”; that the plaintiffs would have suffered “immediate
losses” if they had not agreed to the delisting; and that if OML had gone into
liquidation, they would have been worse off. That is why they supported the
delisting of OML. As part of that exercise, it is plain – and entirely
understandable – that the plaintiffs were not prepared or willing to rely
simply on the representations that had been made. Instead of relying solely
upon the representations, they insisted upon and ultimately obtained the
Letters of Support. In that connection, it is important to note that although
the Letters of Support were not actually signed until much later, it is the
plaintiffs’ own case that, as referred to above, a “contractual agreement” was
reached in or around May 2016 between the plaintiffs and the defendant whereby
the plaintiffs consented to OML’s delisting (through the signing of the July
2016 Addenda), subject inter alia to the defendant’s execution and delivery of
the First Letters of Support to the plaintiffs. In our view, the plaintiffs’
insistence on the provision of the First Letters of Support is inconsistent
with or at least undermines their case that they relied upon the
representations.

449 In this context, it is important to bear in mind that the plaintiffs’ case
on reliance as summarised above is that they (a) consented to the delisting
and, on this basis, they also agreed to execute the July 2016 Addenda to amend
the BBCs; (b) forbore from rescinding and/or withdrawing their consent to the
delisting following the execution of the July 2016 Addenda; and (c) forbore
from terminating the BBCs after the delisting or shortly thereafter in light
of the Charterers’/OML’s subsequent defaults. In our view, this highlights the
fundamental flaws in the plaintiffs’ case on reliance: if any one or more of
the representations made in the March and April meetings were so important, it
beggars belief that they were not expressly incorporated in the Letters of
Support. Rather, the plaintiffs were content to proceed as they did, ie,
obtaining the defendant’s agreement to the Letters of Support as a
“compromise” after they had unsuccessfully sought a guarantee from the
defendant.

450 In our view, the overwhelming likelihood is that the position would have
been no different even if the representations had not been made. At the risk
of repetition, as accepted by Mr Yang Changkun, if the company had gone into
liquidation, the plaintiffs would have been worse off. In other words, the
plaintiffs commercially assessed that they would be better off supporting a
restructuring and waiting out rather than terminating the BBCs and seeking
recovery against the Charterers/the Guarantors through a liquidation process
in (say) April or May 2016. Needless to say, the plaintiffs did not know in
(say) May 2016 and thereafter what the position would be in 2018 and they made
their own assessment that it would be better to wait it out.

451 For all these reasons, it is our conclusion that the plaintiffs did not
rely or did not reasonably rely upon the March and April representations.
Rather, they decided shortly thereafter to agree to the delisting on condition
that the defendant provided the Letters of Support; and at all material times
thereafter, the plaintiffs relied upon the express terms of the Letters of
Support.

June representations

452 The representations at the meeting on 9 June 2016 fall into three parts.
It is convenient to deal with each part in turn:

(a) The first part seems uncontroversial, ie, “…During the meeting, the
defendant himself confirmed the proposed restructuring was progressing as
expected. The defendant and Mr See outlined the proposed timelines for the
delisting (targeting October 2016)…” This can by no means be an actionable
misrepresentation.

(b) The second part (“…the defendant himself then further confirmed that he
had no problems funding the restructuring exercise…”) would also seem
uncontroversial – although it is worth noting that such a representation was
not specifically pleaded. Certainly, at the time such a representation was
made, it appears to have been true. In any event, we are unpersuaded that such
statement was false at the time it was made or at any material time thereafter
in any relevant sense still less that such a representation was made
fraudulently. Moreover, the delisting did in fact take place subsequently and
there were no problems funding that exercise.

(c) The third part (“…Additionally, [the defendant] again emphasised his
willingness to invest his personal wealth and other resources (including
procuring the backing of his family and the Samling Group) to support the OML
Group.…”) is much more controversial, and warrants discussion. First, it is
important to note that this representation was not specifically pleaded. Be
that as it may, the defendant gave evidence that readily confirmed that he had
stated that he would support OML; but, once again, these words are, in our
view, exceptionally vague. They beg so many questions as to be virtually
meaningless. But even if that is wrong, the words are no more than an
expression of a “willingness” at that stage to do what is there stated and, in
our view, they cannot have been intended or reasonably understood to
constitute an open-ended, legally binding representation by the defendant to
invest his personal wealth and other resources to support the OM Group
extending for the term of the BBCs. It is critical to note that this
representation is based on the defendant’s state of mind, ie, it is, at best,
a statement of what the defendant intended or was “willing” to do; and we are
unpersuaded that such statement as to his intention was false at the time it
was made or at any material time thereafter in any relevant sense still less
that such a representation was made fraudulently.

453 As set out above, the plaintiffs also rely on an email dated 12 June 2016
(referring to the earlier meeting), in which Mr See reiterated to the
plaintiff that “[f]ollowing the delisting, there will be injection of funds by
[the defendant]” and that “we will make the necessary payments that fall due”.
It is important to bear in mind that this email comes from Mr See (who did not
give evidence) and merely seeks to record what was apparently said in the
earlier meeting. As such, we do not consider that it constitutes independent
admissible evidence as to what may or may not have been said by or on behalf
of the defendant personally at that earlier meeting, still less a potential
actionable representation by the defendant himself. In any event, such a
statement is, in our view, too vague to amount to a promise by the defendant
to dedicate his personal resources to keep the Charterers/OML afloat for an
unindicated length of time (see similarly our analysis above at [434(c)]).
With this in mind, we are unpersuaded that it was false at the time it was
made or at any material time thereafter in any relevant sense, still less that
such a representation was made fraudulently.

454 In any event, we do not consider that the plaintiffs relied or reasonably
relied upon these June representations for reasons similar to those already
stated in relation to the March/April representations. By that stage, the
defendant had been requested – but refused – to provide any personal guarantee
and the intention to delist had already been announced a few days before, ie,
on 8 June 2016. On the plaintiffs’ own case, in place of any such personal
guarantee, there was already a “contractual agreement” in May 2016 that the
defendant would (a) provide what ultimately became the First Letters of
Support, drafts of which had already been provided to the defendant some five
weeks earlier (on 5 May 2016), and (b) execute the July 2016 Addendum.
Plainly, the plaintiffs had decided to rely, and continued at all material
times to rely, on what became the First Letters of Support rather than on any
extra-contractual representations. If the plaintiffs had wanted to rely upon
the latter, they could (and in our view should) have incorporated them in some
form or other by way of an extension to, or amendment of the First Letters of
Support, which the plaintiffs plainly regarded as constituting the agreements
between them and the defendant and which were, in effect, intended to govern
their relationship going forward. Moreover, for the avoidance of doubt, even
if these June representations had been not been made, we are sure that the
plaintiffs would simply have proceeded in the same way that they did and would
not have acted any differently.

October representations

455 The representations at the meeting on 12 October 2016 (ie, “…Good news
from the meeting yesterday was that Samling Group has reaffirmed their support
for [OML] and will inject fresh working capital into [OML]”) are, again, so
vague as to be virtually meaningless when read in context, and could not have
been intended or reasonably understood to amount to a promise by the defendant
to provide indefinite amounts of capital to ensure the Charterers’/the
Guarantors’ survival (the email dated 12 October 2016 also relied upon by the
plaintiffs is to identical effect). Moreover, on its face, it purports to be a
“reaffirmation” made not by or on behalf of the defendant personally but by or
on behalf of the Samling Group. In our judgment, it is quite impossible to
suggest that such a statement was intended or reasonably understood to
constitute a representation that the defendant himself would procure “support”
or procure “fresh working capital” from the Samling Group. In any event, the
question would remain as to what and how much “support” or “fresh working
capital” is being referred to. Once again, the lack of any specificity renders
such a statement (even if understood as a representation that the defendant
would personally procure such funding) so vague as to be virtually
meaningless. At best, this statement might, at a very basic level, constitute
a representation by the defendant confirming the fact that the Samling Group
had “reaffirmed” their support for OML and their intention to inject fresh
working capital into OML. Put another way, while we accept that the Samling
Support Representation, as argued by the plaintiffs, was one reasonable way of
construing the statements made by the defendant and/or his representatives,
the extent of the support promised does not go quite as far as the plaintiffs
allege.

456 In any event, we do not consider that the plaintiffs relied or reasonably
relied upon these October representations. By this time, the delisting of OML
had of course already taken place, ie, on 8 October 2016; the parties had
entered into the July 2016 Addenda; and the defendant had agreed (or at least
the plaintiffs thought that the defendant had agreed) to provide the First
Letters of Support. As previously noted earlier in this Judgment, it is right
to say that the defendant had not executed or delivered the First Letters of
Support to the plaintiffs and that various issues were raised by Mr Lun on
behalf of the defendant, particularly with regard to these documents in late
2016 (see inter alia [110]–[113] above). However, again as noted above, the
plaintiffs continued to press for such First Letters of Support. This is
consistent with what we have previously stated: that the plaintiffs plainly
regarded, and at all material times continued to regard, these First Letters
of Support as constituting the agreements between the plaintiffs and the
defendant and that they were, in effect, intended to govern their relationship
going forward. For the avoidance of doubt, we entirely accept that it is
theoretically possible that a party in a contractual relationship with another
party may make extra-contractual representations which, if relied upon, may
give rise to separate extra-contractual liability in certain circumstances.
However, on the facts, we do not consider that that is the position in the
present case. We maintain our conclusion that even if these representations
had not been made, the plaintiffs would not have acted differently.

December representations

457 As stated above, the plaintiffs rely on email exchanges on 5 and 7
December 2016. As pleaded, the allegation with regard to this exchange is as
follows:

Ms Chong sent an email dated 5 December 2016 requesting the 1st Plaintiff to
consider inter alia allowing the Guarantor to “re-look” into the payment of
the Deposit. In its reply email dated 7 December 2016, the 1st Plaintiff
rejected this request, referring to the Defendant’s undertakings and/or
representations above. In particular, the 1st Plaintiff’s email states that:

“The main reason [the 1st Plaintiff] accepted the delisting of [the Guarantor]
is [that the Defendant] promised to inject SGD 143 [million] capital, and we
have been promised the USD[7 million] deposit will be included in the capital
injection”.

[emphasis in original]

The foregoing statement was not contradicted at any material time by the
defendant, Ms Chong or Mr See. However, this exchange does not contain any
further discrete representations and, so far as relevant, we have already
addressed the points which they raise.

458 In addition, the plaintiffs rely on what are said to be certain
representations made at a meeting on 15 December 2016:

[The plaintiffs’ representatives] demanded for the defendant and Mr See to:-

[…]

[p]rovide long-term solutions such as asset replacement/refinancing of the
debts of [OML] by using other assets and properties owned by the defendant
personally, whether in Malaysia or otherwise.

The defendant agreed to the above and assured [the plaintiffs’
representatives] that he would continue to support [the OM Group]. …

Once again, such statements have not been pleaded and, in any event, are in
our view too vague to amount to any meaningful promise by the defendant to
provide indeterminate sums to ensure the survival of the Charterers/the
Guarantors. It must be borne in mind that throughout this period, the
plaintiffs were continuously pressing for the delivery up of executed copies
of the First Letters of Support and the performance of what the plaintiffs
considered were the defendant’s obligations thereunder. These statements
during that meeting were made in that context. Similar to what we stated
above, we do not regard that these statements made in that meeting were
intended to or were reasonably understood as constituting potential actionable
representations separate from or over and above the obligations contained in
the First Letters of Support. Nor do we in any case consider that the
defendant’s “agreement” to provide the indicated long-term solutions or the
“assurance” given of his continued support for the OM Group were false at the
time or at any material time thereafter in any relevant sense, still less that
such “agreement” or “assurance” was made fraudulently.

459 Further, we do not consider that the plaintiffs relied or reasonably
relied upon these December representations. Their focus was on the Letters of
Support; and that is why they continued to press for delivery up of executed
copies. In our judgment, such remedy as the plaintiffs may have lies squarely
in breach of the obligations contained in the Letters of Support. Our
conclusions in this regard are set out in the earlier part of this Judgment.

460 For all these reasons, we would reject the plaintiffs’ claims for
misrepresentation.

Damages

461 We consider that there were numerous major difficulties with regard to the
quantum of damages claimed by the plaintiffs. However, given our conclusions
as stated above, it is unnecessary to say anything more on this topic.

Claim 3: Breach of collateral undertaking(s)

462 In light of what we have already said with regard to the plaintiffs’ claim
for misrepresentation, it is our conclusion that the plaintiffs’ claim for
damages for breach of one or more collateral undertakings is quite hopeless.
At no stage was there any agreement between the plaintiffs and the defendant
giving rise to any binding undertaking on the part of the defendant save on
the terms of the Letters of Support. We accordingly reject the plaintiffs’
claim in this regard.

Conclusion

463 We find the defendant liable for breaches of the Letters of Support to the
extent stated earlier in this Judgment, and make the following orders:

(a) Judgment for the plaintiffs against the defendant in the sum of
US$32,869,114, split between the plaintiffs as follows:

(i) The sum of US$9,825,000 for the first plaintiff;

(ii) The sum of US$2,365,000 for the second plaintiff;

(iii) The sum of US$6,679,114 for the third plaintiff; and

(iv) The remaining sum of US$14m, representing the value of the Bintulu Hotel
mortgage, is to be split between the plaintiffs in such proportion as may be
agreed by the parties. If the parties are unable to agree on this issue, they
are to file submissions within 14 days from the date of this Judgment, limited
to five pages each.

(b) The Judgment sum is to be paid with interest. Parties are to file their
submissions on the issue of interest, addressing specifically the interest
payable under the BBCs pursuant to the default interest rate, as well as the
interest payable on the Judgment sum itself. Parties are to file these
submissions within 14 days from the date of this Judgment, limited to 15 pages
each inclusive of any relevant annexes.

(c) The plaintiffs’ remaining claims in misrepresentation and for the
defendant’s alleged breaches of collateral undertaking(s) are dismissed.

464 We will hear the parties on costs. Parties are to file their submissions
on costs within 14 days from the date of this Judgment. These submissions are
to be limited to 25 pages each, inclusive of any relevant annexes. They are to
be filed together with the aforementioned submissions on interest payable and,
if applicable, submissions on the issue of how the sum of US$14m is to be
split between the plaintiffs.

Kannan Ramesh Patricia Bergin Sir Henry Bernard Eder  
Judge International Judge International Judge

Toh Kian Sing SC, Ting Yong Hong, Davis Tan Yong Chuan, Lau Chuan Ying,
Rebekah, Wang Yufei, Yu Qianqian, Bhieman Anandakumar (Rajah & Tann Singapore
LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Clarence Lun Yaodong, Tan Yingxian, Selwyn, Giam Zhen Kai, Lim Jia Ying,
Alicia Puah, Samuel Lim Jie Bin, Lin Yu Mei, Leng Ting Kun, Ammani Mathivanan
(Foxwood LLC) for the defendant.

Annex A

A.1 Annex A has been referred to at [199] of this Judgment. It contains a
table that was appended to the plaintiffs’ factual closing submissions. In
this table, the plaintiffs detail what, according to them, were the funds and
assets available to the defendant which could have been used by him in
satisfaction of his best endeavours’ obligations.

A.2 The said table is reproduced on the following page.

* * *

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

**SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE**

13 July 2020

**Case summary**

**Singapore International Commercial Court Suit Nos 7–9 of 2018**

_Hai Jiao 1306 Ltd and others v Yaw Chee Siew [2020] SGHC(I) 16_

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Decision of Kannan Ramesh J, Patricia Bergin IJ and Sir Henry Bernard Eder
IJ (delivered by Justice Eder)**

Outcome: SICC awards damages for breach of contract in the sum of
US$32,869,114 to the plaintiffs, Hai Jiao 1306 Ltd, Hai Jiao 1207 Ltd and Hai
Jiao 1307 Ltd, against the defendant, Mr Yaw Chee Siew.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

  * The SICC’s approach to best endeavours obligations
  * The operation of best endeavours obligations in the context of charterparties
  * The scope of best endeavours obligations in the context of the insolvency of one or more relevant entities
  * Assessment of damages for breaches of best endeavours obligations

**Background facts**

The plaintiffs, Hai Jiao 1306 Ltd, Hai Jiao 1207 Ltd and Hai Jiao 1307 Ltd,
are three special purpose vehicles (“SPVs”) incorporated by ICBC Financial
Leasing Co Ltd (“ICBCL”). ICBCL is a state-owned company in the People’s
Republic of China, and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China (_ie_ , ICBC). The defendant, Mr Yaw Chee Siew, was
the sole director and Executive Chairman of Otto Marine Limited (“OML”). OML
was a Singapore-incorporated company originally listed on the main board of
the Singapore Stock Exchange until its delisting on 6 October 2016. Before the
onset of financial difficulties, OML controlled a large fleet of offshore
vessels through its group of companies, the Otto Marine Group (“OM Group”).

Between 2013 and 2014, ICBCL provided substantial financing to OML, up to the
value of US$255m, in relation to three super-large anchor handling tugs: the
Go Phoenix, Go Pegasus and Go Perseus (“the vessels”). This financing took the
form of what was in effect a sale-and-leaseback of each of the vessels. Each
of the plaintiffs became registered owners of one of the vessels and chartered
them back to companies in the OM Group under separate bareboat charterparties.

The Go Phoenix was chartered by the second plaintiff, Hai Jiao 1207 Ltd, to
Otto Fleet Pte Ltd (“Otto Fleet”), a subsidiary of OML, under a bareboat
charterparty (“the Go Phoenix BBC”). The Go Pegasus was chartered by the third
plaintiff, Hai Jiao 1307 Ltd, to Otto Fleet under a separate bareboat
charterparty (“the Go Pegasus BBC”). OML issued a corporate guarantee in
favour of the second and third plaintiffs, guaranteeing as primary obligor the
due and punctual performance by Otto Fleet of its obligations under the two
BBCs.

The Go Perseus was chartered by the first plaintiff, Hai Jiao 1306 Ltd, to Go
Offshore (L) Pte Ltd (“Go Offshore”) under a bareboat charterparty (“the Go
Perseus BBC”). Go Offshore’s parent company, Go Marine Group Pty Ltd (“Go
Marine”), was a wholly owned subsidiary of OML. Go Marine and OML issued a
corporate guarantee jointly and severally in favour of the first plaintiff,
guaranteeing as primary obligors the due and punctual performance by Go
Offshore of its obligations under the Go Perseus BBC.

(_Go Offshore and Otto Fleet are referred to as “the Charterers”. OML and Go
Marine are referred to as “the Guarantors”. The three bareboat charterparties
are referred to as “the BBCs”_)

Thereafter, the marine and offshore market hit a severe downturn, leading to
_inter alia_ sharp declines in oil prices and depressed demand for offshore
vessels. As a result, the Charterers and the Guarantors struggled to perform
their payment obligations under/in respect of the BBCs and the guarantees. The
BBCs were consequently restructured three times between August 2015 and
September 2017 by way of various addenda – on each occasion, the terms of the
BBCs including, _inter alia_ ,__ charter hire rates were amended.

During this period of downturn, in early-2016, the defendant proposed
delisting OML so that it would be easier for him to personally fund the
Charterers/the Guarantors in order to enable punctual performance of the
payment obligations under the BBCs. The plaintiffs consented to OML’s
delisting around mid-2016, and OML was delisted on 6 October 2016. The
plaintiffs only agreed to the delisting after several rounds of discussions
and negotiations, and in consideration of the defendant agreeing to issue
letters of support. These letters of support had been drafted by ICBCL and
sent to the defendant in May 2016 for execution. After extensive delay and
further negotiations, the defendant executed three letters of support, one in
favour of each plaintiff, in September 2017 (“the Letters of Support”). The
Letters of Support were to take effect retrospectively, from 7 October 2016
(the day after OML’s delisting).

Under the Letters of Support, the defendant was obliged to, _inter alia_ , use
his best endeavours to:

  * “support the Charterer[s] and the Guarantor[s] in meeting all obligations under or in relation to [the BBCs]” (“the opening unnumbered paragraph”);

  * “procure the Guarantor and the Charterers to have sufficient liquidity to make timely payment[s] [under the BBCs]” (“clause 2(a)”);

  * “procure the Guarantor and Charterers to remain solvent and a going concern at all times” (“clause 2(b)”); and 

  * “procure for the Charterer… sufficient funds… to meet such obligations in full as they fall due” (“clause 3”). Clause 3 stipulated that the obligation therein is only relevant “[i]f the Guarantor and Charterers at any time have insufficient liquidity or cashflow to meet any obligations under… [the BBCs]”.

Despite OML’s delisting, substantial amounts due under the BBCs remained
unpaid from late-2016 onwards. Apart from a few sporadic part-payments, the
charter hire instalments due under the BBCs for the whole of 2017 were unpaid
and overdue. Consequently, the first plaintiff terminated the Go Perseus BBC
on 15 November 2017; the second and third plaintiffs terminated the other two
BBCs on 31 January 2018. OML was placed under judicial management on 21 March
2018, and subsequently entered liquidation on 5 October 2018.

The plaintiffs commenced proceedings via three separate writs of summons which
were consolidated by the court. The plaintiffs advanced three heads of claim
against the defendant: (1) damages for breach of contract, specifically the
defendant’s failure to use best endeavours to support the Charterers and the
Guarantors under the Letters of Support; (2) damages for misrepresentation;
and (3) damages for breach of collateral undertaking.

**The Court’s decision**

On the plaintiffs’ claim in breach of contract, the parties agreed that the
Letters of Support were binding on the defendant retrospectively, from 7
October 2016. The key issues were the interpretation of the clauses of the
Letters of Support, whether these clauses had been breached, and if so the
extent of damages payable by the defendant.

The opening unnumbered paragraph stood as a general undertaking that the
defendant “…will use best endeavours to support the Charterer[s] and the
Guarantor[s]”. This undertaking was given in consideration of the plaintiffs’
consent to the restructuring of the BBCs, the delisting of OML, and the
plaintiffs’ “forbearance” towards the Charterers and the Guarantors (at
**[190]**).

Further, a distinction had to be drawn between clauses 2(a) and 2(b), and
clause 3 of the Letters of Support. Clauses 2(a) and 2(b) were limited to the
defendant procuring the Charterers and OML to use their _own resources_ to (a)
maintain sufficient liquidity to make timely payments under the BBCs/the
guarantees; and (b) maintain solvency and going concern status. In the event
these outcomes were not achieved despite the defendant’s best endeavours,
clause 3 required the defendant to use his best endeavours to procure for the
Charterers sufficient funds from other sources available, including the
defendant’s _own personal wealth_ and that of his family, to meet the
obligations under the BBCs (at **[192]**). This was consistent with the
factual matrix that formed the backdrop to the defendant’s agreement to the
Letters of Support, including the depressed offshore and shipping market, and
the defendant’s representations that he and his family had already been
utilising, and would continue to utilise, their own financial resources to
fund the Charterers (at **[193]**).

Crucially, clause 3 did not impose on the defendant an open-ended and
unqualified obligation to use his personal resources to fund the Charterers,
still less an obligation on the defendant’s family to use their financial
resources in that manner. In line with existing authorities, the defendant
need only do that which had a significant or real prospect of success in
procuring the contractually stipulated outcome. He was not required to throw
good money after bad (at **[171] [174], [184]** and**[194]**). This conclusion
was unaffected by the terms of clause 4 of the Letters of Support, which
provided that the obligations thereunder remained valid and binding
notwithstanding any bankruptcy, receivership or liquidation of, or moratorium
involving, the Charterers/the Guarantors (at **[289]**).

Thus, vis-à-vis the Go Phoenix and Go Pegasus BBCs, the defendant’s obligation
under clause 3 of the Letters of Support ended on 31 January 2018, the date of
termination of those two BBCs. By that date, the companies in the OM Group was
too far gone to be saved without the intervention of a formal insolvency and
restructuring process. Go Offshore had filed for judicial management on 30
November 2017; charter hire instalments for all the BBCs dating back at least
a year remained outstanding; the plaintiffs terminated the Go Phoenix and Go
Pegasus BBCs on 31 January 2018 and issued statutory demands on 6 February
2018 which were not satisfied; and on 20 February 2018, OML filed for judicial
management. These confirmed that the situation for the OM Group was no longer
salvageable by 31 January 2018. At this point, it would not have been
reasonable to expect the defendant to throw good money after bad (at **[290]**
to **[292]**).

As for the Go Perseus BBC, the defendant’s obligation under clause 3 ended on
15 November 2017, the date of termination of the Go Perseus BBC. Formal
insolvency proceedings were commenced by Go Offshore (the Charterer in the Go
Perseus BBC) on 30 November 2017, just 15 days after the termination of the Go
Perseus BBC. It was thus clear that by 15 November 2017, Go Offshore was no
longer financially viable. The above reasoning thus applied, _ie_ , the
defendant was not expected, from that point on, to throw money after a lost
cause (at **[293]**).

Based on the abovementioned interpretation of the relevant clauses, the
defendant breached several of his best endeavours obligations under the
Letters of Support. The defendant breached the opening unnumbered paragraph
and/or clause 2(a) by: (a) failing to utilise sums available in OML’s bank
accounts which could have been used to pay outstanding charter hire; (b)
diverting funds from OML to companies owned/controlled by the defendant; (c)
making excessive “bonus” payments to an employee, one Mr Michael See; (d)
failing to collect receivables due to OML; and (e) diverting the vessels’
earnings from a designated and secured earnings account, which could have been
applied in satisfaction of outstanding charter hire payments (at **[223]** to
**[268]**).

The defendant breached clause 3 by failing to utilise his personal financial
resources to procure sufficient funding for the Charterers. The defendant had
ample funds in his personal bank accounts, shares in multiple listed
companies, as well as shares in substantial private companies. The funds could
have been applied in satisfaction of the Charterers’ outstanding obligations
under the BBCs, and the shares in various companies could have been sold or
used as collateral to raise funds which could have been similarly utilised (at
**[302]** to **[358]**).

The defendant also breached clause 3 of the Letters of Support by failing to
exercise his best endeavours to procure a mortgage over the Parkcity Everly
Hotel Bintulu (“Bintulu Hotel”) (at **[371]** to **[381]**). The Charterers
were obliged, under addenda entered into with respect to each of the BBCs in
September 2017 (the “September 2017 Addenda”), to deliver to the plaintiffs a
mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel (at **[142]** and **[363]**). Based on a
proper interpretation of the September 2017 Addenda, this was to be a single
mortgage in favour of all three plaintiffs (at **[363]** to **[369]**). The
defendant could, but failed to, procure this mortgage in favour of the
plaintiffs. He thereby deprived the plaintiffs of a security interest worth
about US$14m.

For the aforementioned breaches, the plaintiffs were entitled to damages
amounting to the value of all outstanding charter hire instalments under the
BBCs that fell due before 15 November 2017 or 31 January 2018 (as the case may
be for the Go Perseus, Go Phoenix and Go Pegasus BBCs). The defendant had to
pay for all these outstanding instalments _in full_ because at the relevant
points in time when each instalment fell due, OML/the Charterers or he had
more than sufficient sums/assets that could have been applied in full
satisfaction of the Charterers’ obligations under the BBCs (at **[386]** and
**[387]**). After deducting various sporadic part-payments made by the
Charterers/OML/the defendant, the outstanding sum was US$18,869,114 (at
**[384]** to **[391]**). In addition, the plaintiffs were entitled to damages
in the sum of US$14m as a result of the defendant’s breaches of the Letters of
Support in failing to procure a mortgage over the Bintulu Hotel in favour of
the plaintiffs. This sum reflected the value of the security the plaintiffs
would have obtained but for the defendant’s breaches of his best endeavours
obligations (at **[392]**).

The plaintiffs were not awarded damages for losses that accrued after 15
November 2017 or 31 January 2018 (as the case may be). This included post-
termination losses that accrued by way of the acceleration clauses in the BBCs
(_eg_ , clause 49.4.3 of the Go Perseus BBC), which stated that all balance
charter hire “which [would have] become due and payable… if [the BBC] was not
terminated” would become payable by the Charterers upon termination. As
explained, at the respective dates of termination of the BBCs (_ie_ , when
post-termination losses began accruing), the respective Charterers were too
far gone; the defendant would have been throwing good money after bad at this
stage (at **[394]** to **[396]**).

The plaintiffs’ claims for misrepresentation were dismissed. While the
defendant did make multiple representations (on his own or through his
representatives) to the plaintiffs throughout 2016, these were too vague to be
actionable misrepresentations (at **[443], [444], [452(c)], [453], [455]**
and**[458]**). Several of these representations had not even been pleaded by
the plaintiffs. In any event, there was no reasonable reliance on the
plaintiffs’ part. It is evident that throughout the relevant period (_ie_ ,
from mid-2016 onwards), the plaintiffs sought and eventually successfully
procured the Letters of Support. It was the Letters of Support that the
plaintiffs relied upon in forbearing to terminate the BBCs earlier and/or
commence earlier legal action against the defendant (at **[446], 454], [456]**
and**[459]**). The plaintiffs, as SPVs owned and controlled by large financial
institutions, would not have relied on loose representations of the sort made
by the defendant – that is not how large financial institutions do business
(at **[446]**). Similarly, the plaintiffs’ claims for breach of collateral
undertaking were dismissed. The only undertaking between the parties was in
the form of the Letters of Support (at **[462]**).

_This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
grounds of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of
the Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the
corresponding paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision._

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

