Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 159

Suit No 1301 of 2018

Between

| Lee Ker Min(by Lee Kai Teck Roland, his Litigation Representative)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Lee Gin Hong(as the Executor and Trustee of the Estate of Ng Ang Chum,
Deceased)  
---|---  
| Lee Gim Moi(as the Executor and Trustee of the Estate of Ng Ang Chum,
Deceased)  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Partnership] — [Partners inter se] — [Sharing of profits and losses]

[Trusts] — [Constructive trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Ker Min (by his litigation representative Lee Kai Teck Roland)

  

v

  

Lee Gin Hong (as executor and trustee of the estate of Ng Ang Chum, deceased)
and another

  

[2020] SGHC 159

High Court — Suit No 1301 of 2018  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
10–14 February, 23 March, 6 April 2020

30 July 2020 Judgment reserved.

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 This claim involves a partnership dispute. Lee Ker Min (“the Plaintiff”), by
his eldest son and litigation representative Lee Kai Teck Roland (“Roland”),
is suing his eldest sister Lee Gin Hong (“the first defendant”) as well as his
youngest sister Lee Gim Moi (“the second defendant”) to recover half of the
partnership’s debt owed to a bank.

2 The two Defendants are sued personally as well as in their capacities as the
executors of the estate of their late mother Ng Ang Chum (“the Deceased”) who
passed away on 19 December 2014.

The facts

3 The partnership in question is Lee Huat Company (“Lee Huat” or “the
Partnership”), which started as a sole-proprietorship in 1958. It is a
retailer of motorcycles and motor scooters, spare parts and accessories as
well as a workshop. Lee Huat operates at a shophouse in Upper Bukit Timah Road
located at Nos. 873 to 875 (“the shophouse”). Prior to 1975, Lee Huat was a
sole-proprietorship of the late Lee Kim Eng (“the father”) who started the
business in 1958 and was the father of the Plaintiff and the Defendants.

4 On 4 February 1975, the Plaintiff joined Lee Huat as a partner. After the
father passed away on 4 October 1981, the Deceased was registered as a
partner. As the Deceased was illiterate, the business of Lee Huat was
conducted/managed by the Plaintiff. In July 2014, the Plaintiff suffered a
severe stroke that incapacitated him. Thereafter Lee Huat’s business was
managed by Lee Kai Leong Jeffrey (“Jeffrey”) the Plaintiff’s second son. On 22
February 2016, Roland obtained an order of court under the Mental Capacity Act
(Cap 177A, 2010 Rev Ed), to be appointed the Plaintiff’s litigation
representative.

5 According to the Defendants, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See the second defendant’s affidavit of evidence in chief (AEIC) at para 6(b)

the Deceased did not have any say in the management or running of Lee Huat
which was always a profitable and cash orientated business. Neither did the
Deceased share in the profits made by Lee Huat. The Defendants claimed that
the Plaintiff took all the profits and only gave to the Deceased a monthly
allowance of about $1,000.

6 The Deceased had seven children and after they grew up and married, they
moved out from the shophouse, save for the two Defendants who never married.
The second and first Defendants commenced working for Lee Huat in 1984 and
1989 respectively, as administration clerks until they resigned in August
2016. During their employment with Lee Huat, the Defendants were responsible
for such matters as renewing the road taxes and certificates of entitlement
and hire-purchase instalments of the motorcycles of Lee Huat’s customers.
These duties were described by the defendants as “inside” duties were opposed
to “outside” duties, which comprised of the workshop and the selling/servicing
of motorcycles/motor scooters and spare parts by the Plaintiff, who was
assisted by Jeffrey. Lee Huat’s business was usually transacted in cash save
for dealings with sub-dealers for new motorcycles, hire-purchase instalment
payments, sales of motorcycles or trade-in transactions.

7 According to the Defendants, after the demise of the father, the Plaintiff
had a free hand in how he conducted Lee Huat’s business. Apart from performing
simple tasks such as sweeping the floor, cooking and making beverages as it
was a family business, the Deceased took no part in the business of Lee Huat.

8 ln or around 1994, the Plaintiff decided to set up LH Motor Pte Ltd
("LHMPL") in which he would park new motorcycles for trading. The Plaintiff
held 70% of LHMPL's shares while the Deceased and the two Defendants each held
10%. The Partnership's business in the sale and purchase of new motorcycles
was then moved to LHMPL.

9 The Plaintiff used the Partnership’s monies for the initial capital
investment in LHMPL. As and when LHMPL made sales, the money was either
collected directly by the Partnership, or repaid by LHMPL to the Partnership.

10 The Defendants alleged that the Plaintiff also made use of the
Partnership’s monies, profits it made as well its overdraft facility with
United Overseas Bank (“UOB’s overdraft facility”) and funds from its other
banks for his and his family’s expenses. The UOB overdraft facility for the
sum of $1.5m was obtained on 22 Aug 2000. It is payable on demand with an
interest of 1.5% over UOB’s prevailing prime rate. The facility and all monies
owed by the Partnership was secured by a mortgage of a 3-storey semi-detached
house at 59A Choa Chu Kang Road, Singapore 689482 (“59A CCK”), which is solely
owned by the Plaintiff but acquired using Lee Huat’s monies. The Plaintiff
also acquired the following assets and/or businesses with the Partnership’s
funds:-

(a) In or about 1991, the Plaintiff and his wife Ng Lim Lee (“NLL”) acquired a
property at Blk 223, Choa Chu Kang Centre #13-249, Singapore 2368 (“Blk 223
CCK") at the price of $106,700. The Plaintiff used at least $123,999.50 from
the Partnership to pay for the purchase of Blk 223 CCK and its expenses by
making withdrawals from the Partnership’s bank accounts with UMBC (which
changed its name subsequently first to Sime Bank Bhd and then to RHB) and UOB.

(b) The construction of two semi-detached houses at Nos. 59 and 59A Choa Chu
Kang (“59/59A CCK”) for which the Plaintiff took at least $890,253.82 from Lee
Huat for the construction of 59A CCK. 59 CCK belonged to the Plaintiff’s
younger brother Lee Ker Leng.

(c) In or around October 2003, the Plaintiff purchased No 615 Balestier Road
("615 Balestier Road") for which he took at least $605,131.50 from the
Partnership. 615 Balestier Road was rented out, which rental was not/never
paid to Lee Huat even though the mortgage instalments payable to Hong Leong
Finance were serviced by the Partnership.

(d) His investment in Everfit Motor Pte Ltd (“Everfit”) for which he took
$46,910 from Lee Huat.

(e) The Plaintiff took $88,000 from the Partnership to invest in Bikelink Pte
Ltd (“Bikelink”) and another $50,000 to invest in Bikelink Agencies.

(f) With 6 other individuals, the Plaintiff invested in a partnership called
Cycle Trade Enterprise" ("Cycle Trade") using at least $103,531.31 from the
Partnership. Cycle Trade invested in two properties at No 1080 Serangoon Road,
Singapore 328183 and No 21 Rowell Road in 2003 and 2004 respectively. A
further sum of $2,856.75 from Lee Huat was also spent on renovations at No 21
Rowell Road.

(g) His investment in Arrow Speed Auto Services (“Arrow Speed”) with 2 other
partners for which he took $5,000 from Lee Huat.

(h) His investment in No 34 Norris Road (“34 Norris Road”) for which he took
$294,627.73 from the Partnership.

(i) The Plaintiff used $126,974.37 of the Partnership’s monies to pay for
vehicles and/or their expenses for his personal or family’s use.

(j) In addition, at least $222,614.35 was used by the Plaintiff for his and
his family’s expenses.

11 It was the Defendants’ case 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See para 85 of the second Defendant’s AEIC.

that the Plaintiff, before he suffered a stroke, had discussed with them his
intention to sell No 615 Balestier Road to pay off the UOB Overdraft Facility.
ln or around mid-2014, the Plaintiff met with a housing agent at the
shophouse. He told the Defendants that he had received an offer to sell 615
Balestier for $800,000.00 and asked the Defendants for details of the
outstanding sum on the UOB Overdraft Facility as he intended to use the
proceeds of sale to repay the loan. He mentioned that he was hoping to
increase the sale price to $1,000,000. However, the sale did not materialise
for reasons not known to the Defendants.

12 In her affidavit-of-evidence (“AEIC”), 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

At para 39 of the second Defendant’s AEIC.

the second Defendant tabulated the monies the Plaintiff had withdrawn from Lee
Huat as follows:-

Particulars | Amount the Plaintiff took | Profits/sums accounted for| Sums to be accounted for/ constructive trustee of   
---|---|---|---  
Blk 223 CCK| $123,999.50| $251,665.16| $0  
59A CCK| $890,253.82| $0| $890,253.82  
615 Balestier | $605,131 .50| $475,000.00| $130,131.50  
Everfit| $46.910.00| $190,000.00| $0  
Bikelink| $88,000.00 | $0| $88,000.00  
Cycle Trade| $103,531.31 | $0| $103,531.31  
Arrow Speed | $5,000.00| $0| $5,000.00  
34 Norris Road | $294,627.73| $0| $294,627.73  
Purchases of vehicles| $126,974.37 | $0| $126,974.37  
Family| $222,614.35 | $140,000.00| $82,614.35  
Others | $92,500.00 | $0| $92,500.00  
Total| $2,599,542.58 | | $1,813,632.78  
  
13 Initially, the Deceased and the Defendants lived in the rooms above the
shophouse. After the premises were compulsorily acquired by the Housing and
Development Board (“the HDB”) in or around mid-1980s, all three moved to No 75
Chua Chu Kang Road (“75 CCK”) where the Defendants took care of the Deceased
until she passed away. In recognition of their devotion to her for over 30
years, the Deceased bequeathed 75 CCK to the Defendants in her Will where they
reside to this day.

14 The genesis of this litigation was a letter dated 29 January 2015 that the
Defendants received from the Plaintiff’s solicitors, acting for the
Plaintiff’s daughter Lee Ling Ling Jamie. The letter stated that the
Partnership had a "substantial amount of overdraft", and requested that the
Defendants make provision to set aside $1.3m to deal with this issue.

15 The solicitors acting for the estate of the Deceased replied to the
Plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter at [14] on 13 February 2015 stating that the
Deceased had passed away and that to the Defendants’ understanding, the
Deceased held 50% shares in the Partnership. They requested for the value of
the Deceased’s shares as at the date of her death on 19 December 2014. The
Defendants were the executors of the Deceased’s estate under her Will dated 15
January 2013. The Defendants applied for and were granted probate of her
estate in 2015. They distributed her assets in accordance with the Deceased’s
Will in or about May and June 2016.

16 On 22 February 2015, the Defendants had a meeting with the Plaintiff’s wife
NLL, Jeffrey and Lee Kai Chuan Keith (“Keith”) who is the Plaintiff’s youngest
son and an accountant. The following matters were discussed:

(a) the Defendants highlighted that the Partnership's business had always been
profitable year on year. Most of the UOB Overdraft Facility was used by the
Plaintiff for his personal affairs. Shortly before his stroke, the Plaintiff
told the Defendants that he intended to sell 615 Balestier Road to pay off the
UOB Overdraft Facility; and

(b) NLL, Jeffrey and Keith indicated they would not be dealing with the matter
until the court appointed one of them as the Plaintiff’s deputy.

17 The Estate’s solicitors wrote to the Plaintiff’s solicitors on 25 February
2015 to say that a substantial portion of the debt under the UOB Overdraft
Facility was utilised by the Plaintiff for his personal use.

18 ln the meantime, Jeffrey was in the process of formally taking over the
business of the Partnership. He wrote to the HDB on 23 March 2015 seeking to
transfer the tenancy of the shophouse to his personal name. After the
shophouse was compulsorily acquired by HDB in 1994, it had been leased back to
the Deceased in her sole name. As such, the second Defendant felt that Jeffrey
had no basis to request that the lease be transferred to his name. However, as
they are his aunts, the Defendants felt there was no need at that time to
contest the issue even though the lease was valuable, being situated in a
prime location with a long history of being a successful motorcycle workshop;
and the name Lee Huat was well known in the market. The cost of the lease from
HDB was only $1,499.07 per month.

19 The Defendants did not receive a response from the Plaintiff’s solicitors
on the issue of the lease. Instead, on or about 11 April 2015, the Estate’s
solicitors received a copy of the Partnership's balance sheet, profit & loss
accounts and statement of rental account for the period of 1 January 2014 to
19 December 2014 (“the 2014 Accounting Records"). The 2014 Accounting Records
showed that the Partnership was solvent and had earned net profits of
$78,259.02 for the period of 1 January 2014 to 19 December 2014.

20 Due to the increasingly tense relationship between the Defendants and the
Plaintiff’s family, the two sisters decided to resign from Lee Huat, which
they did with effect from 1 August 2016. In the course of consolidating the
records to be handed over to the Plaintiff's family, the Defendants discovered
that the bank journal records from 1991 to June 1999 were missing. They
alleged that throughout that period, both NLL and Jeffrey had access to the
office of Lee Huat where the records were kept.

21 By a letter dated 6 May 2016, Roland as the Plaintiff's deputy, wrote to
the Defendants to state that the Estate had an obligation to settle all debts
of the Partnership. The Estate’s solicitors replied to Roland on 16 May 2016
reiterating that "a very substantial portion of the UOB Debt was utilized by
[the Plaintiff] for his personal affairs”.

22 In his email reply dated 20 May 2016, Roland took the position that the
Estate’s solicitors were in conflict of interest because they were the
solicitors who drafted the Will of the Deceased. The Defendants responded by
letter dated 24 May 2016 disagreeing with Roland’s position.

23 Roland sent a further letter to the Defendants dated 10 June 2016 alleging
that they were running the business of Lee Huat after the death of the
Deceased, when in actual fact (according to the Defendants), it was his
brother, Jeffrey who did. Roland also asserted that 615 Balestier Road
belonged to the Plaintiff personally and had nothing to do with Lee Huat.
Further, Roland contended that the Estate must pay all the debts of the
Partnership.

24 In their letter dated 12 July 2016 in reply to Roland’s letter dated 10
June 2016, the Defendants pointed out that Roland well knew Jeffrey was
running the business of Lee Huat and that they were mere employees. They added
that Roland was aware that the Plaintiff had utilised the Partnership’s assets
to pay for 615 Balestier Road and, the Plaintiff must repay the monies he had
taken from Lee Huat for his personal use.

25 In a further letter dated 4 August 2016 to Roland, the Defendants placed on
record that they had met Roland, Jeffrey and NLL on 1 August 2016 at which
they had tendered their resignation letters which Roland had accepted.
Further, they had spent hours with Roland going through the Partnership’s
accounts and had shown him documents that proved the Plaintiff took monies
from the Partnership for: (i) medical expenses; (ii) personal utilities bills;
(iii) miscellaneous expenses, and they had handed over (iv) a file on 59A CCK
and (v) a file on 615 Balestier Road.

26 By its letter dated 23 September 2016, the Plaintiff’s solicitors demanded
that the Defendants withdraw their allegation that the Plaintiff had used the
Partnership’s assets to purchase 615 Balestier Road and added that they must
bear half of the outstanding sum owed by the Partnership on UOB’s Overdraft
Facility. The Defendants replied to the letter on 29 August 2016 reiterating
their position in their letter dated 12 July 2016, as above at [23].

27 By his letter dated 30 September 2016 to the Defendants, Roland asserted
that he was unaware of how the Defendants had managed the Partnership.

28 In May 2017, Jeffrey visited the Defendants bringing with him HDB’s letter
dated 25 May 2017. HDB’s letter requested evidence from Jeffrey that the
executors of the Estate were agreeable to his taking over the motorcycle
workshop operating at the shophouse.

29 The Estate’s solicitors’ letter to the HDB dated 11 August 2017 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

At AB 132

pointed out that the last temporary occupation licence (“TOL”) issued to the
Deceased lapsed on 31 March 2015 and that the Defendants had informed the HDB
on 10 March 2015 of the demise of the Deceased. The letter noted that the HDB
had been dealing directly with Jeffrey to the exclusion of the Defendants
subsequent to 10 March 2015 after Jeffrey wrote to the HDB to say he wanted to
take over the TOL for the shophouse. Consequently, the Estate had nothing to
do with the Partnership after the HDB allowed Jeffrey to take over the TOL and
the operations of the business at the shophouse.

30 Under cover of the Plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter dated 23 October 2018, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

At AB135

the Estate’s solicitors received the expert report of Tee Wey Lih (“Tee”)
dated 16 April 2018 (“Tee’s Report”); 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

At AB6196- 6310

Tee is from Acres Advisory Pte Ltd. Relying on para 8.10 of Tee’s report, the
letter stated that the Partnership’s liabilities were in the region of
$710,214 under the UOB Overdraft Facility excluding interest accrued after 19
December 2014. Further, Tee’s Report at para 5.61 stated that the Defendants
had withdrawn a sum of $20,000 from the Partnership’s UOB account on 20
December 2014 for the funeral expenses of the Deceased. The Plaintiff’s
solicitors demanded that the Defendants repay half the overdraft amount plus
the accrued interest as well as the aforesaid $20,000. It should be noted at
this juncture that Tee subsequently issued a supplementary report dated 24 May
2019 (“Tee’s Supplementary Report”) 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See AB6311-6341

which will be addressed together with Tee’s Report when the court reviews
Tee’s testimony.

31 In response to the Plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter at [29], the Defendants’
new/current solicitors wrote on 10 December 2018, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

At AB261-265

rejecting the demands for repayment of the overdraft amount as well as the
$20,000 and giving the reasons therefor. The Defendants’ solicitors criticised
Tee’s Report on many counts and pointed out that the Plaintiff’s conduct in
withdrawing monies from the Partnership for his own personal use was a breach
of trust and a breach of his fiduciary duties as a partner of Lee Huat. As
such, it was for the Plaintiff to settle the liabilities under UOB’s Overdraft
Facility. The letter added that the $20,000 meant for funeral expenses for the
Deceased had been credited back to Lee Huat’s UOB account. The letter asked
for a response from the Plaintiff by 10 January 2019.

32 The response dated 13 December 2018 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

At AB266

from the Plaintiff’s solicitors was to inquire whether the Defendants’
solicitors had instructions to accept service of the writ of summons. On 21
December 2018, the Plaintiff filed this suit and the statement of claim.

The pleadings

33 In the statement of claim Amendment No 1 (“the SOC”), the Plaintiff
referred to the overdraft facility of $1.5m extended by UOB to the Partnership
on 22 August 2000, which was repayable on demand. The Plaintiff stated that as
at the date of the demise of the Deceased (19 December 2014), the amount of
the overdraft was $940,986.20. As of 30 November 2018, the overdraft sum had
ballooned to $1,110,221.20.

34 The Plaintiff alleged that the parties could not agree on the value and
liabilities of the Deceased as at the date of her death, despite exchanges of
correspondence between the parties’ solicitors. Consequently, the Plaintiff
averred that he engaged Tee to go through the accounts of the Partnership and
to produce a report as at 19 December 2014.

35 The Plaintiff relied on Tee’s Report to substantiate his allegation that
the Defendants had breached the Partnership and the Partnership Act (Cap 391,
1994 Rev Ed) (“the Partnership Act”) in that they had failed to pay half of
the overdraft amount of $710,214 together with interest (from 19 December
2014) owed to UOB. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

At para 18 of the SOC

With interest, the overdraft amount increased to $940,986.20 as at 19 December
2014.

36 The Plaintiff further alleged that $20,000 referred to at [29] was meant
for the funeral expenses of the Deceased when such expenses should have been
borne by the Estate.

37 The Plaintiff alleged that the Defendants’ failure to pay half of the
overdraft amount was a breach of s 9 of the Partnership Act. The section
states:

Every partner in a firm is liable jointly with the other partners for all
debts and obligations of the firm incurred while he is a partner; and after
his death his estate is also severally liable in a due course of
administration for such debts and obligations, so far as they remain
unsatisfied, but subject to the prior payment of his separate debts.

38 The Plaintiff asserted that the Defendants had acted in bad faith in
administering the estate of the Deceased in breach of trust and their
fiduciary duties without regard for the debts of the Partnership when they
were aware of the UOB Overdraft Facility. The Plaintiff alleged that the
Defendants operated the UOB Overdraft Facility themselves, were employees of
the Partnership and were directly involved with the accounts of the
Partnership. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See para 28 of the SOC.

In the event that the Defendants had fully distributed the assets of the
Estate without paying their share of the debts of the Partnership, the
Plaintiff averred that they should be made personally liable for those debts.

39 The Plaintiff prayed for a declaration that as at the date of the death of
the Deceased on 19 December 2014, the Partnership had a debt of $740,214 and
that the Defendants as the executors of the Deceased’s estate pay half the
said debt. The Plaintiff further claimed $20,000 from the Defendants, as
otherwise they would be unjustly enriched at the expense of the Plaintiff. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

At para 27 of the SOC

40 In the Defence and Counterclaim (“D&CC”) filed by the Defendants, they
contended that the Deceased never received any profits from the Partnership
while she was a partner, that the Plaintiff managed the business of the
Partnership solely until he suffered a stroke in July 2014 after which Jeffrey
took over the business.

41 The Defendants criticised Tee’s Report and asserted that his report on the
accounts of the Partnership as at 19 December 2014 was inaccurate as Tee
failed to take into account the substantial sums the Plaintiff had taken from
the Partnership, which sums were the basis of the Defendants’ counterclaim.
The Defendants asserted that the Plaintiff had withdrawn from the Partnership
large sums from the UOB Overdraft Facility as well as from the Partnership’s
other bank accounts (“the Misapplied Sums”) for his personal use, which were
wholly unrelated to the Partnership, in breach of his fiduciary duties to the
Partnership.

42 Particulars of the Misapplied Sums were provided in Annexures A and B to
the D&CC. The total sum in Annex A is $1,160,003.62 while in Annex B (which
commencement date was May 1991), it is $782,895.38. The two sums total
$1,942,899.00. Those sums far exceeded the UOB Overdraft Facility amount,
which the Defendants claimed to be $940,986.21 as at 19 December 2014.

43 The Defendants averred that they believed and relied on the accounts Roland
had forwarded to them, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See [18] infra

which stated that the Partnership was solvent and profitable in 2014 before
they distributed the assets of the Estate of the Deceased in July 2016. They
denied the Plaintiff’s allegation that they prepared the accounts pointing out
that the Plaintiff engaged an external bookkeeper Yeo Ah Hong (“Yeo”) every
year to prepare the accounts of Lee Huat.

44 In the alternative, in the event the Estate is found liable for the
overdraft amount of $710,214 or any part thereof, the Defendants averred that
the Estate is entitled to a set-off and counterclaim for the sums taken out
from Lee Huat by the Plaintiff for his personal use for which the Defendants
prayed for an inquiry to be held to determine the amounts. In the further
alternative, the Defendants pleaded to be relieved from personal liability of
their administration of the Estate under s 60 of the Trustees Act (Cap 337,
2005 Rev Ed)

45 The Defendants denied the Partnership paid for the funeral expenses of the
Deceased; they asserted they paid the expenses. The Defendants further denied
they operated the UOB Overdraft Facility. The Defendants added they had
returned to the UOB account the $20,000 cash that Jeffrey passed to them on:

(a) 14 February 2015 $15,000.00

(b) 6 March 2015 $ 5,000.00

46 The Defendants further alleged that Lee Huat had over the years since 4
October 1981 up to 19 December 1984 made profits of $2,250,896.98, which
profits the Deceased never received. They alleged that the Plaintiff must have
withdrawn and/or misapplied those profits since the Partnership had alleged
net liabilities of $710,214 as at 19 December 2014. The Defendants contended
that pursuant to s 29 of the Partnership Act, the Plaintiff was liable to
account to the Partnership for all private profits withdrawn from the
Partnership for the period 4 October 1981 to 19 December 2014. The Defendants
added that the Plaintiff held the Misapplied Sums and profits that he had
taken from the Partnership as constructive trustee and is liable to account to
the Partnership and the Estate for the sums taken.

47 In the Reply and Defence of the Counterclaim filed by Roland on the
Plaintiff’s behalf, he did not admit that the Deceased was illiterate.
Instead, Roland described the Deceased as a savvy business woman who was
extremely smart and well versed with every aspect of Lee Huat’s business of
which she was a cheque signatory. Roland claimed that when the Deceased went
to the shophouse every morning, she could handle the cashier’s machine,
collect payments from customers and gave them change as well as make payment
to vendors. He claimed that apart from being a director and shareholder of
LHMPL, the Deceased was the sole-proprietor of Chip Huat Electronic Co., Chip
Huat Motor as well as Halford Impex.

48 It was pleaded that the Plaintiff only went to work at Lee Huat in the
afternoons. Roland denied the Plaintiff managed Lee Huat solely and that the
Deceased took no part in the management. He alleged that after the Plaintiff
suffered a stroke in July 2014, the Deceased retained control while the
Defendants, from whom Jeffrey took instructions, ran the entire business.
Monies collected by Jeffrey were handed to the Defendants at the end of every
business day. The Defendants also kept the cheque books of Lee Huat. They held
pre-signed cheques of the Deceased that they used to withdraw monies from the
UOB Overdraft Facility after the Deceased’s demise. Roland alleged that the
Defendants used Lee Huat’s monies to purchase shares personally.

49 Roland disagreed that Tee’s Report was inaccurate and that the Defendants
had repaid the $20,000 withdrawn from Lee Huat’s UOB account for the
Deceased’s funeral expenses.

50 Roland also alleged that the Deceased had pre-signed cheques for the
Partnership and the Defendants utilised those cheques to make withdrawals from
the UOB Overdraft Facility account after the demise of the Deceased by
backdating the cheques. He alleged that the UOB Overdraft account was operated
by the Defendants who siphoned monies from the Partnership to buy shares in
their own names. Thereafter, the second defendant opened another account for
the Partnership with RHB bank with herself and Jeffrey as alternate
signatories. Control of the RHB account was vested solely in the second
Defendant who kept the cheque books.

51 Roland further alleged that the Defendants had never made full disclosure
of the assets of the estate. He alleged that the Defendants relied on 2014
accounts that they had prepared themselves.

52 In short the Plaintiff denied all the allegations made by the Defendants.

The evidence

53 The court will deal with the evidence of the factual witnesses for both
parties and then address the expert testimony separately.

(i) The Plaintiff’s case

54 The Plaintiff had four witnesses namely Roland, Jeffrey, the expert Tee and
a former employee of Lee Huat called Giam Cheng (“Giam”). On their part, both
Defendants testified together with their expert who was Mun Siong Yoong
(“Mun”) from Vallaris Deal Advisory Pte Ltd whose report was dated 6 December
2019 (“Mun’s Report”). Mun also issued a supplementary report dated 24 January
2020 (“Mun’s Supplementary Report”).

55 In his AEIC, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

At para 13

Roland primarily repeated what was set out in the Reply and Defence to the
Counterclaim, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

At para 2(i),(iii) and (vi).

namely that the Deceased “was an extremely smart woman and well versed with
every aspect of the partnership business” who was also the cheque signatory
for the Partnership.

56 Roland claimed that the first Defendant had her own electrical appliance
business called Chip Huat Electronic Co. that operated along the same stretch
of shops from Lee Huat. The shop was also compulsorily acquired by the HDB at
the same time as the shophouse. Roland claimed his two uncles were not on good
terms with the first Defendant and refused to allow her to work at Lee Huat
until pressured by the Deceased to do so in or around 1989.

57 Although they worked as administration clerks in Lee Huat, Roland deposed
that the Defendants’ responsibilities and powers were essentially the same as
directors. They were also the Deceased’s most trusted and beloved children as
reflected in the fact that they were appointed the executors and trustees of
the Estate and were the main beneficiaries under the Deceased’s Will.

58 Roland claimed the Plaintiff only went to work at Lee Huat in the
afternoons because he usually woke up late having spent the previous night and
the wee hours of that morning socialising and entertaining to generate
business for Lee Huat. He claimed the Defendants ran the Partnership in its
entirety in the mornings together with the Deceased.

59 He deposed that the Plaintiff employed Yeo as an external bookkeeper to
finalise the Partnership’s accounts on a yearly basis, and those accounts were
prepared based on the handwritten data entries of the second Defendant.

60 Roland claimed that the Partnership’s monies were controlled by the
Deceased as the matriarch of the family. She would give her other children
money from the Partnership including using $50,790.02 from the Partnership’s
monies to bail out her eldest son Lee Kerk Hen (“Kerk Hen”) from bankruptcy.
He alleged that the first Defendant utilised $233,921.56 of the Partnership’s
monies to buy shares for herself between 1997 and 2000.

61 Roland claimed that the net profits of the Partnership, like its capital,
were divided equally between the Plaintiff and the Deceased although in some
years, the Plaintiff contributed more towards the capital. He deposed that Lee
Huat’s former employee Giam would be able to testify to the modus operandi of
the Partnership.

62 Roland alleged that because the UOB Overdraft Facility was secured by the
Plaintiff’s personal property at 59A CCK, the Defendants as the executors of
the Estate of the Deceased had chosen to frustrate any attempts by him or his
family to resolve the matter with UOB. The result was that interest continued
to to run on the overdraft amount of $940,986.20 (as at 19 December 2014) and
the amount had ballooned to $1,119,294.78 as of 28 February 2019.

63 Roland denied the Plaintiff had used significant sums of money from Lee
Huat for his personal affairs let alone that the sundry debtor amounts were
due from the Plaintiff. Hence he brought Tee in as the expert to review the
balance sheet and other relevant documents of Lee Huat to determine the value
of the assets and liabilities and finalise the accounts between the Plaintiff
and the Estate as at 19 December 2014.

64 Roland relied heavily if not totally on Tee’s Report for his contention
that the Estate/the Defendants are liable to pay half plus the interest on,
the UOB Overdraft Facility’s outstanding amount of $710,214. Roland also
relied on the AEIC of Jeffrey to support the Plaintiff’s claim, which he
described as simple and straightforward and to which the Defendants had no
defence. He accused the Defendants of acting mala fides and asserted their
Counterclaim was unfounded and conjured up to deny and frustrate the
Plaintiff’s claim.

65 At the outset, the court notes that Roland does not work and has never
worked in Lee Huat; he works in a local bank. Neither did he live at the
shophouse after he married in 2001. He therefore does not have any personal
knowledge of the goings-on in the Partnership. During cross-examination, the
following evidence was adduced from Roland:

(a) he had limited knowledge of the business of Lee Huat, and even less of the
business affairs of his father’s brothers including Kerk Hen, particularly on
property ownership;

(b) he did not know if the Plaintiff had other sources of income apart from
Lee Huat but was aware the Partnership was the Plaintiff’s main source of
income;

(c) he was “not very sure” on matters relating to the immoveable properties
held by the Deceased and why she bequeathed specific properties to the
Defendants and to his uncle Kerk Hen;

(d) Chip Huat Electronic Co. that he claimed was the first Defendant’s
business was actually left to the Deceased by his grandfather and the first
Defendant helped the Deceased to run it until its premises were compulsorily
acquired by HDB.

66 In fact, cross-examination of Roland proved him wrong on several
allegations including his claim that the Deceased used the Partnership monies
to bail out his uncle Kerk Hen from bankruptcy. In actual fact, the Deceased
did not give Kerk Hen any money from Lee Huat. She gave Kerk Hen (who is her
eldest son) $50,000 from the compensation sum paid by HDB for compulsorily
acquiring Nos. 873 and 875 Upper Bukit Timah Road, which properties were
jointly owned by the father and Kerk Hen. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See HDB’s letter dated 18 Nov 1994 addressed to the Deceased and the father at
AB5378

67 Roland was also unable to substantiate his other allegation 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

At para 21 of his AEIC

that the Deceased paid $39,395.52 on 12 July 1990 together with another
$11,394.50 on 5 September 1984 to the Official Assignee’s office on behalf of
Kerk Hen.

68 Equally, Roland’s allegation that the first Defendant used the
Partnership’s monies to purchase shares was also unfounded. The Defendants’
solicitors had written a lengthy letter dated 24 January 2020 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

At 2AB464 -470

to the Plaintiff’s solicitors with supporting documents to explain that the
share purchases were made on the instructions of the Plaintiff. When the
purchased shares were sold, the proceeds were returned to the Partnership’s
bank account, on the directions of the Plaintiff, together with the profits
made. Similarly, for shares bought on behalf of the Deceased, the same modus
operandi applied.

69 Shares that the Defendants purchased for the Plaintiff that remained unsold
were held by the Defendants who were ready to transfer them to the Plaintiff.
Where the first Defendant purchased shares personally using cheques issued
from Lee Huat’s bank account, she reimbursed the Partnership. After being
pressed by the court, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

At transcripts p 64 on 10 Feb 2020

Roland eventually conceded that this complaint was frivolous.

70 In their letter dated 24 January 2020, the Defendants’ solicitors had
invited Roland to withdraw “the several scandalous allegations….that are
completely irrelevant to the issues in dispute”. Roland failed to do so
notwithstanding the fact that the Defendants’ solicitors’ letter was sent to
him almost three weeks before the commencement of trial.

71 The reason for the Plaintiff and the Deceased buying shares through the
first Defendant 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DW2

came to light when the first Defendant took the stand. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcripts at p 406 on 13 Feb 2020.

She disclosed that unlike her, neither her brother nor her mother had a share
trading account. She was not sure the second Defendant had one either. Hence,
share purchases and sales were transacted through her trading account.

72 Roland’s comment in [58] above that the accounts were prepared based on the
handwritten data entries (journal entries) done by the second Defendant was
proved to be yet another frivolous complaint in his cross-examination –
neither Tee nor Mun had complained that her journal entries were inaccurate or
did not match the entries in the Partnership’s bank statements. Indeed, during
cross-examination, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcripts at p 160 on 11 Feb 2020

Tee confirmed that there were no discrepancies between the bank statements and
the bank journals.

73 Yet another frivolous allegation was the $20,000 that Roland alleged the
Defendants withdrew from the Partnership’s bank account for the funeral
expenses of the Deceased. During cross-examination, Roland confirmed he was
not maintaining the claim. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

At trsanscripts p 65 on 10 Feb 2020

74 Nothing turns on Jeffrey’s testimony. In his AEIC, he deposed he started
working at Lee Huat from around February 1999 until February 2017 when he
started his own business at Lee Huat Motoring Pte Ltd (“Lee Huat Motoring”),
which he incorporated in 2015. Jeffrey was in charge of the technical aspects
of the Partnership’s business, which comprised of the selling of new and
second-hand motorcycles as well as the repair of motorcycles. Jeffrey added
that he would deposit cash collections into the Partnership’s bank account but
he never encashed cheques for Lee Huat save for one occasion – when he
withdrew $20,000 for the funeral expenses of the Deceased in December 2014
which he believed the Defendants had not repaid. He claimed he played no part
in the administration/management of the business being only a “manual
labourer” 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

At transcripts p 148 on 11 Feb 2020

even though he was in charge of the workshop and (according to the second
Defendant) he was the person responsible for getting Yeo 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See [42] infra

the bookkeeper to do the yearly accounts of the Partnership.

75 During cross-examination, Jeffrey disagreed he had taken over the business
of the Partnership even though he operates Lee Huat Motoring at the shophouse.
Prior to incorporating Lee Huat Motoring, Jeffrey had operated his sole-
proprietorship Lee Huat Motor at the shophouse as well. He disclosed he had
taken over the annual TOL of the shophouse from the Deceased (pursuant to his
letter of request to the HDB dated 23 March 2015 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

At AB

) paying the HDB a monthly fee of about $5,200.

76 Prior to the Plaintiff undergoing a bypass operation around April 2014,
Jeffrey testified the Defendants had obtained pre-signed cheques from the
Deceased. When he was cross-examined on the issue of the Plaintiff’s making
personal use of the Partnership’s monies. Jeffrey’s artless answer was “[m]y
father had no savings, so of course he would use the company’s money”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

At transcripts p 155 on 11 Feb 2002

Other than that admission, Jeffrey like his brother, chose to deny the
Defendants’ allegations, even when as, in the case of his taking over the
shophouse for Lee Huat Motoring’s business in place of Lee Huat, it could not
be disputed based on all the evidence before the court, which included his
correspondence with the HDB in [17] and his own evidence in [73] above.

77 Giam 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PW4

was the plaintiff’s last witness. At 72 years of age, Giam is still selling
new and second-hand motorcycles on Jeffrey’s behalf at the shophouse. Nothing
turns on his testimony or his cross-examination. Giam started working at Lee
Huat when he was about 14–15 years old in the 1960s. He left the employment of
the Partnership after working there for about 10 years when the Plaintiff was
running the Partnership. Giam joined Bethlehem Shipyard in the 1970s for
higher pay until he was retrenched in the 1990s. Thereafter he returned to
work for the Partnership at the invitation of the Plaintiff and the Deceased.
The Plaintiff was not only his employer but also a close friend. Consequently,
it is not clear whether all the facts Giam deposed to in his AEIC were from
his personal knowledge or told to him by the Plaintiff or the Plaintiff’s
son(s).

78 It was noteworthy from Giam’s testimony that he echoed Roland’s evidence
that (i) the Plaintiff only went to work at Lee Huat in the afternoons because
the Plaintiff entertained late into the night and that (ii) the Deceased was
well versed in the business and would sign cheques even though on Giam’s own
evidence, she was illiterate. He repeatedly commented that Lee Huat was a
family business in which “everyone” participated. The court views the calling
of Giam as the Plaintiff’s attempt to buttress the claim of Roland/Jeffrey
that the Defendants managed and operated the business of Lee Huat.

(ii) The Defendants’ case

79 The court now turns to the evidence presented for the Defendants’ case
before moving on to address the expert testimony of Tee and Mun.

80 The second Defendant was the primary witness for the Defendants’ case. She
filed a lengthy AEIC while the first Defendant filed a confirmatory AEIC
adopting her younger sister’s AEIC as her own evidence.

81 The second Defendant 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DW1

was described by Roland as the best educated of the Plaintiff’s siblings
because she graduated from a polytechnic with a diploma in marketing. In the
Plaintiff’s closing submissions, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

At paras 173 - 179

it was submitted that the second Defendant’s testimony did not raise any
defence to the Plaintiff’s claim, which therefore stood unrebutted and must be
accepted.

82 During cross-examination, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcripts p 274 on 12 Feb 2020

the second Defendant disclosed that if the Plaintiff had not sued them, the
Defendants would not have lodged a claim or counterclaim for all the monies
the Plaintiff had withdrawn from the Partnership for his own use. They would
have been content to let sleeping dogs lie.

83 In her AEIC, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

At para 89

the second Defendant deposed that all the Deceased’s bank accounts were joint
accounts with either the first or second Defendant, or the Plaintiff. As at
the date of her demise, the accounts were:

(a) joint account with the second Defendant: $175,723.93;

(b) joint account with the first Defendant: $91,186; and

(c) joint account with the Plaintiff: $33,771.58.

84 The Defendants asserted that the monies in the above accounts did not form
part of the Estate but belong to the surviving joint account holder following
the rule of survivorship under the terms and conditions of joint accounts for
POSB Bank, UOB, Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd and Standard Chartered Bank.

85 In the D&CC, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

At para 27

the Defendants had detailed in Annexures A and B details of the Misapplied
Sums they claimed the Plaintiff took from the Partnership. The sums added up
to $1,942,899.00.

86 The second Defendant explained in her AEIC 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

At para 32

how she had arrived at the figures set out in Annexures A and B. While she and
the first Defendant were still working for the Partnership in 2015, she had
access to the bank journals from 1991 to 2015. From those journals, she
prepared handwritten and Excel records. After the Defendants tendered their
resignations in August 2016, they discovered the bank journals from 1991 to
June 1999 were missing when they were consolidating records in preparation for
making a handover to the Plaintiff’s family.

87 During cross-examination, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcripts at p 307 on 12 Feb 2020

the second Defendant said she only copied “the big items” for her records.
Consequently, Annexures A and B were not exhaustive of all that the Plaintiff
took from the Partnership for his own and his family’s use. The expenses paid
by the Partnership included those incurred for Roland’s wedding in January
2001 and the purchase of a motor vehicle for him.

88 As for private profits they alleged were taken by the Plaintiff, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Pleaded at para 31 of the D&CC

the Defendants’ claim pertained to the profits the Partnership made between 4
October 1981 and 19 December 2014 which total they said was $2,250,896.98. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See para 30(a) of the D&CC.

They did not quantify this claim against the Plaintiff in their D&CC asking
instead that the Plaintiff account for what he had taken. Lead counsel (“Mr
Singh”) for the Plaintiff suggested to the second Defendant that she was not
sure of the Defendants’ claim as the figures kept changing.

89 Mr Singh pointed out to the second Defendant that she had failed to give
credit to the Plaintiff for sums that he had repaid the Partnership over the
years. While she accepted that the Plaintiff had repaid certain sums to Lee
Huat, the second Defendant said she did not know the amounts as they were not
written in the journals. She was prepared to set-off his repayments against
what the Plaintiff had taken from the Partnership. She testified that the
Plaintiff would hand over to her his cash collections from the workshop. The
sums that she received were not the exact or total takings from the “outside”
operations of the Partnership but in round figures of $5,000–$6,000. The
Plaintiff kept diaries where he recorded his total cash collections. She
herself would then record the monies she received from him in her own diaries.
She exhibited in her AEIC 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See par 143 of her AEIC and exhibit LGM-3 Tab 88 pgs 1204 - 1207 (Vol 4C of
bundle of AEICs at pgs 1975-1978)

the records that she made of the sums she received periodically from the
Plaintiff usually of $6,000.

90 It would appear from the yearly accounts of the Partnership produced in
court that starting from 1981, while the Deceased was alive, the second
Defendant and the Plaintiff took an equal share of profits and/or drawings
from the Partnership. This was disputed by the second Defendant who pointed
out that the accounts were prepared by the Plaintiff or at his behest, which
he then submitted to the tax authorities. The second Defendant maintained the
Deceased did not receive her share of the profits/drawings notwithstanding
what was stated in the yearly accounts of Lee Huat. For that reason, she felt
it was unfair that the Plaintiff’s family wanted the Deceased to bear
responsibility for half of the UOB Overdraft. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcripts at p 396 on 13 Feb 2020.

She said the Deceased left everything relating to the Partnership to the
Plaintiff.

91 The second Defendant agreed she had signed the 2014 accounts prepared by
Yeo as part of her duties. She clarified 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

During re-examination at transcripts p 400 on 13 Feb 2020

she signed and submitted the tax returns on behalf of the Deceased (which
would include her partnership in Lee Huat) and not on behalf of the Plaintiff.
Mr Singh had pointed out to the second Defendant that although Yeo was engaged
to prepare the books of accounts for Lee Huat, she was the one who provided
the information and documents to him. Her response was she merely collated the
information and passed it on to Yeo.

92 Contrary to Mr Singh’s suggestion, the second Defendant was adamant that
Jeffrey did not tell her that he registered a business with a name “quite
similar” to Lee Huat. The court notes that the name is not “quite similar” to
but exactly the same as Lee Huat’s, undoubtedly to ride on the reputation and
goodwill of Lee Huat in the market to Jeffrey’s benefit. In addition, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

According to the Defendants.

Jeffrey took over the assets of Lee Huat including its goodwill without paying
a cent.

93 Nothing turns on the evidence of the first Defendant who confirmed what was
stated in R&T’s letter 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See [67] infra

dated 24 January 2002 on her share purchases being made using Lee Huat’s
monies which were always repaid. It bears noting (as the Plaintiff and his
counsel seem to have overlooked) that the share trading transactions are not
part of the Plaintiff’s claim. Hence, they are irrelevant for the court’s
purpose.

The expert testimony

94 I turn next to the evidence of the parties’ experts starting with that of
the Plaintiff’s expert Tee. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PW3

Tee’s Report was roundly criticised in the second Defendant’s AEIC 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

At para 125

for factual inaccuracies and for the following mistakes and/or omissions:

(a) failing to fully account for the Plaintiff’s personal use of the
Partnership's monies;

(b) disregarding the value of No 391A, Woodlands Road Singapore 677964 (“the
Woodlands Property”);

(c) reducing the value of stock-in-trade from $140,935 to $60,066;

(d) reducing the amount due from LHMPL to the Partnership from $311,993 to
$27,159;

(e) failing to account for private profits from Lee Huat taken by the
Plaintiff;

(f) not addressing the issue of bank withdrawals made prior to 2002 and;

(g) not recognising the Plaintiff as a sundry debtor.

The second Defendant’s criticisms will be revisited in the course of examining
Tee’s testimony below.

95 Tee is an accountant by training. In his AEIC, he deposed that he provides
inter alia “forensic accounting” services. In the course of preparing both
Reports, Tee visited the shophouse on 8 September 2017.

96 Tee’s brief 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See para 6 of his AEIC

was “to review the balance sheet … as at 19 December 2014 and other relevant
documents and render an Expert Report … to state the nature and breakdown … of
the accounts and determine the value (where possible) of the assets and
liabilities with a view to assist in the finalisation of the accounts between
the Plaintiff and the Defendants”. Tee was also tasked “to investigate into
the sundry debtor account and to determine (if possible) the breakdown and
comment on the sundry debtor account.” The scope of Tee’s Expert Report was to
provide a finalisation of the accounts as at 19 December 2014.

97 The background information contained in Tee’s Report 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

At AB6204-6205

was provided by the Plaintiff’s family and primarily by Jeffrey. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Tee’s evidence at transcripts p 160 on 11 Feb 2020

Tee stated 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

At para 1.4 of Tee’s report

that he did not independently verify nor audit the information made available
to him by Jeffrey. Tee stated 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

At para 5.2 of Tee’s Report

he could not locate the following documents in the course of his review:

(a) general journals to account for transactions like partners’ drawings,
depreciation and amounts due from related third parties;

(b) fixed assets schedule to account for the fixed assets of the Partnership;

(c) inventory records to account for the stock in trade;

(d) petty cash book;

(e) deposits schedule to account for the deposits placed with utilities or
telecommunication service providers;

(f) sundry debtors schedule;

(g) intercompany account to record the transactions between the Partnership
and its related companies.

The court will comment on the significance of the missing documents later. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

See [194] supra.

98 Tee agreed with the Defendants 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

At para 5.4 of Tee’s Report

that the Partnership was solvent as at 19 December 2014 based on its balance
sheet, which showed net assets of $596,188 based on total assets of $1,586,963
and liabilities of $990,775. The profit for that year was $78,259 and there
was a significant sum of $100,572 shown to be drawings.

99 Apart from the bank deposit, Tee reported the Partnership owned a 12 year
old lorry which had a net book value of $1/- in the 2014 accounts. Because the
lorry’s certificate of entitlement (“COE”) was valid until 30 April 2017, the
vehicle had a residual COE value of $12,409.23 as at 19 December 2014.

100 Tee’s accounting treatment of the Woodland Property set out in [93(b)]
above drew criticism from the second Defendant. The book value of the Woodland
Property was $237,851.75 and it was jointly owned by the Plaintiff and the
Deceased. Tee rationalised that since it was a joint tenancy, the surviving
owner namely the Plaintiff because the sole owner. It was not an asset of Lee
Huat and the value to the Partnership would be zero.

101 As for the stock (motorcycles and consumables) of the Partnership valued
at $140,934.57 in the balance sheet as at 19 December 2014, Tee understood
from Jeffrey that the Defendants had done a stock take but their list (if any)
could not be located. The Partnership held stock of new motorcycles valued at
$20,200 and second-hand motorcycles valued at $20,450. Consumables
(accessories, motorcycle spare parts and oil) were book-valued at $17,867.50.
Tee however chose a higher value (based on a 2016 stock take) of $19,415.63 as
the value. The total value of all three items as at 19 December 2014 was
$60,065.63 which he rounded up to $60,066. In contrast, Mun, the Defendants’
expert accepted the Partnership’s value of the stock in trade namely
$140.934.57 for his report.

102 Tee reported that prior to the Deceased’s demise, there was a withdrawal
of $75,000 from the UOB Overdraft account on 12 December 2014. Although the
2014 balance sheet showed that LHMPL owed the Partnership $311,993, Tee
reported he could only account for the sum of $197,131 that Lee Huat
transferred to LHMPL in 2014. He did not know how the balance of $114,862
arose. He noted that the amount owed by LHMPL according to Lee Huat of either
$311,993 or $197,131 did not tally with the accounting records of LHMPL, which
showed that the company owed Lee Huat $248,808. As LHMPL only had cash in the
bank of $27,158.88, it was Tee’s view that the maximum recovery to Lee Huat of
the debt owed by LHMPL would be limited to $27,158.88 regardless of the actual
amount owed.

103 Tee’s treatment 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See Part 6 of his report at AB

of the Partnership’s sundry debtors’ account, as stated earlier at [93(g)],
drew the sharpest criticism from the second Defendant.

104 In relation to the second Defendant’s criticisms set out at [93], in Tee’s
AEIC/Report, he explained that the transactions prior to 2002 that are to be
found in Annex A of the D&CC had already been captured in the respective years
in which they were incurred. Hence, those transactions would not form any part
of the sundry debtor account. Tee opined that the Defendants were wrong to
treat the pre-2002 withdrawals by the Plaintiff as new transactions that had
not been accounted for. He stated that those transactions did not have any
effect on his assessment of finalising the accounts of the Partnership as at
19 December 2014. Moreover, the sundry debtor account was only created in 2002
and as at 31 December 2001, it did not exist.

105 Under cross-examination 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See transcripts at p 192 on 11 Feb 2020

by Mr Toh, Tee explained that there was no need to look at any pre-2002
transactions because the 2001 balance sheet (which he accepted as accurate) of
the Partnership for 2001 showed that the Plaintiff was not a sundry debtor.

106 To disprove Tee’s belief that the 2001 balance sheet was the “gospel
truth” which he could rely on, Mr Toh drew Tee’s attention to Lee Huat’s
balance sheet 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

At p 577 of Tee’s AEIC in vol 2 of the bundle of AEICs

as at 31 December 2001, which showed a bank overdraft amount of $126,984.14.
The figure was wrong because the UOB statement for the overdraft account for
December 2001 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

At AB633

showed a figure of $442,110.36.

107 Tee’s report 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Para 17

stated that the largest asset of the Partnership as at 19 December 2014 was
the sundry debtor account showing a figure of $815.712. He could not locate
any documents giving a breakdown of the sundry debtor account. He could only
identify trade receivables of $75,568.90 but not the balance of $739,143.10
(the correct figure should be $740,143.10).

108 Tee’s Report then dealt with the Plaintiff’s withdrawals from the
Partnership. He stated that the Plaintiff had deposited more monies into than
he had withdrawn from, Lee Huat for the period 2002 to 2014. Indeed, he stated
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

At para 6.12 of Tee’s Report p 39

that the Plaintiff deposited sums totalling $541,665.16 into Lee Huat’s
account as shown in the table below:

| Lee Huat’s bank| Date| Amount  
---|---|---|---  
1| RHB| 1 Nov 2002| $251,665.16  
2| RHB| 6 July 2007| $100,000.00  
3| UOB| 28 Sep 2010| $190,000.00  
Total| | | $541,665.16  
  
109 Tee’s Supplementary Report dealt with the transactions listed in Annexures
A and B in the D&CC. He set out a table 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

At para 5.2

summarising what he said were deposits made by the Plaintiff into and the
withdrawals he made from Lee Huat; he concluded that the Plaintiff had
deposited $1,016,665 into Lee Huat and withdrawn $992,524. The Plaintiff was
therefore not a sundry debtor nor accountable for the sundry debt of $815,712
stated in the balance sheet of Lee Huat as at 19 December 2014. The table is
as follows;

Deposits|  Amount |  Withdrawals | Amount   
---|---|---|---  
| $1,016,665.00| | $784,101.00  
| | Cycle Trade Enterprise| $100,675.00  
| | The plaintiff’s vehicles | $28,611.00  
| | Plaintiff’s personal properties | $13,947.00  
| | No 223, CCK| $3,193.00  
| | Jeffrey’s expenses | 19,843.00  
| | Roland’s expenses | $35,954.00  
| | Expenses of Plaintiff’s son Keith| $6,200.00  
Total| $1,016,665.00| | $992,524.00  
  
110 During cross-examination by Mr Toh, Tee revealed he had discussions with
Yeo. Relying on what he was told (by Yeo as well as Jeffrey), Tee arrived at
the following conclusions 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

At paras 7.5 & 8.1 of Tee’s report

with which counsel for the Defendants took issue:

Arising from the discussion with Mr. Yeo, it would appear to me that his work
done is very limited – most (if not all) of the accounts were in fact prepared
by the [Defendants].

My investigation into the affairs of [Lee Huat] has indicated that 2014
accounts were not prepared by Mr. Yeo, the “bookkeeper”. They are more likely
to have been prepared by the [Defendants].

The court pointed out to Tee that hearsay evidence is not admissible as the
truth of what was said by a party who does not testify cannot be verified.

111 As for the Woodlands property at [93(b)], Mr Toh informed Tee that it had
been purchased by the Partnership in 1991 and this was reflected in the
balance sheet of Lee Huat for 1991. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

At p 555 of Tee’s AEIC

Thereafter, the Woodlands property appeared in the yearly accounts of Lee Huat
as a partnership asset up to 2014. Tee was aware that the Woodlands Property
was tenanted and the rental was reflected in the Partnership’s accounts for
the years 1995 to 2014. There was therefore no reason to write off the
Woodlands property from the balance sheet as Tee had done.

112 Tee sought to justify his action on the basis that the Plaintiff inherited
the Woodlands Property under the right of survivorship of a joint tenancy. Mr
Toh queried Tee why he was going beyond his scope of work which was to look at
the state of the accounts of Lee Huat as at 19 December 2014. Tee responded he
was “concerned about recoverability”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

At transcripts p 168 on 11 Feb 2020.

The court pointed out to Tee that recoverability was not his task/function.
Further, it was incomprehensible to the court how a 30 year old leasehold
property belonging to the Partnership could overnight be reduced to zero
value. Tee’s response was that that was his understanding of a joint tenancy.

113 As for the stock in trade, Mr Toh pointed out that the value may have been
progressively reduced over the years but the lowest figure was Tee’s of
$60,066. Mr Toh questioned Tee why he did not utilise the stock in trade
figure prepared by the Partnership for 2013 of $159,254. Tee said the
fluctuations in value had no “relevance”. In any case, he said he did not have
sufficient information to arrive at a better/correct value and $60,066 was his
best estimate.

114 As for his figure of $76,568.80 for sundry debtors which he believed would
be trade receivables, Tee explained it would very likely be from LHMPL. He
felt there was no way that the Partnership could recover the debt. Hence, he
had “no choice but to actually write [it] down”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcripts at p 174 on 11 Feb 2020.

In this regard, Mr Toh drew Tee’s attention to Mun’s report which showed that
from 2002 to 2014, according to the bank journals, the Partnership had
transferred a total of $5,053,839.00 to LHMPL. Tee said he did not know why
the transfers were made or what happened to the funds transferred. He was
reminded that the Plaintiff held 70% of the shares in LHMPL. Although the
court also reminded him that it was not within his purview as an expert
witness, Tee maintained that as an accountant, he had to consider the prospect
of recoverability of the loans from LHMPL and he believed the sums were not
recoverable.

115 Tee’s report 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

At para 6.4

contained the following summary of the transfer of funds from Lee Huat to
LHMPL from 2012 to 2014:

Year | Transfers from LHMPL to Lee Huat | Transfers from Lee Huat to LHMPL| Net sum of transfer from Lee Huat to LHMPL | Amount due from LHMPL in Lee Huat’s balance sheet   
---|---|---|---|---  
2012| 0.00| 437,839.15| 437,839.15| 0.00  
2013| 150,000.00| 399,397.35| 249,397.35| 0.00  
2014| 0.00| 197,131.00| 197,131.00| 311,993.00  
Total| 150,000.00| 1,034,367.50| 884,367.50| 311,993.00  
  
Even by his own analysis, Tee knew that LHMPL owed $884,367.50 to the
Partnership as at 2014. Although the Plaintiff held 70% of the shares in
LHMPL, Tee did not accept that LHMPL was an investment of the Partnership.
While he acknowledged that they were related companies because of the
Plaintiff’s ownership in both entities, Tee said there was no holding and
subsidiary relationship between LHMPL and Lee Huat and he would not agree that
the loans to LHMPL were related party loans (which they were).

116 Tee contradicted Jeffrey’s denial (at [74]) and agreed that Jeffrey had
taken over the business assets and goodwill of Lee Huat and transferred it to
Jeffrey’s own business, using Lee Huat’s name. The court is unable to
comprehend or accept Tee’s added comment 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcripts at p 184 on 11 Feb 2020

that there was “no relevance in terms of … the assets being transferred to Lee
Huat Motor Pte Ltd and [LHMPL], the two are different entities”. He testified
he understood from Jeffrey that only the assets of Jeffrey’s sole-
proprietorship Lee Huat Motor were transferred to Lee Huat Motoring.
Questioned by the court 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcripts at p 185 on 11 Feb 2020

and after some pressing, Tee admitted he did not/could not verify whether what
Jeffrey told him was true. Apparently, Roland had told Tee that he did not
know the whereabouts of the Partnership’s assets.

117 Tee disagreed that his writing-off the trade receivables from LHMPL in
effect meant that he was allowing the Plaintiff’s family to manipulate the
legal entities by transferring the business and the benefit of the Partnership
out to themselves and at the same time hold the Estate liable for the
Partnership’s liabilities. However, he accepted the accuracy of the items
listed in Annexures A and B in the D&CC.

118 Mr Toh questioned Tee’s unequal treatment of the two partners of Lee Huat.
In his AEIC, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

At paras 49 to 51

Tee deposed that the Deceased had used the Partnership’s monies to pay her
personal income tax and to top-up her medisave account with Central Provident
Fund (“CPF”). Although the Plaintiff did the same, Tee did not take the
Plaintiff’s withdrawals into account. Tee’s explanation when his attention was
drawn to a cheque for $3,375 that the Partnership issued to the Comptroller of
Income Tax on behalf of the Plaintiff was, it was an “oversight” on his part.
His explanation is unconvincing and untrue as the entry immediately after that
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See AB2839

in his Appendix 21 was the entry on 28 July 2008 showing the Deceased used a
cheque from Lee Huat to pay her income tax of $1,078.81, which Tee referred
to. Tee could not possibly have missed seeing the entry relating to the
Plaintiff above that of the Deceased.

119 Tee’s “oversight” of the Plaintiff’s usage of the Partnership’s funds to
pay his income tax stretched all the way back to 1999. When Mr Toh suggested
to him that Tee was specifically instructed by Roland’s/the Plaintiff’s family
to omit from his report the Plaintiff’s usage of the Partnership monies for
personal income tax and CFP contributions, he prevaricated claiming he had
forgotten the instructions he received two years ago. He conceded that in any
case the Partnership funds that the Deceased used to pay her income tax and
the CPF board are not the subject of the Plaintiff’s claim.

120 The focus of Tee’s Supplementary Report 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

At exhibit TWL-1 tab 3 pgs 150-163 of his AEIC

was Annex A of the D&CC. It was his rebuttal to Annex A. In his conclusion 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

At Para 5.2 p 11 of the Supplementary Report or at p 161 of Tee’s AEIC

for the Supplementary Report, Tee stated that the Plaintiff has taken from the
Partnership sums totalling $992,524. Tee also stated 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

At para 5.1 p 11 of the Supplementary Report or at p 161 of Tee’s AEIC

that the Plaintiff deposited $1,016,665 into the Partnership’s bank account so
in effect he did not owe anything to the Partnership. The court will return to
this issue in the findings.

121 Tee’s Report 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

At tab 10 p 665.

also tabulated sums totalling $52,201.14 as having been withdrawn from the
Partnership to pay for shares purchases. When cross-examined, Tee confirmed
that he was given a copy of the letter dated 24 January 2020 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

At 2AB 464

from the Defendants’ solicitors. Despite the lengthy explanation therein that
the share purchases were made on behalf of the Plaintiff by the first
Defendant or, if made by the first Defendant and/or the deceased, the sums
withdrawn from the Partnership were repaid, Tee made no attempt to correct his
report on this issue in the course of his examination-in-chief. It bears
remembering that Roland 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

At [66]

had conceded that this claim was frivolous, as above at [68]. Tee’s (lame)
excuse was he had not verified the contents of the Defendants’ solicitors’
letter of 24 January 2020.

122 The court turns its attention next to the evidence of the Defendants’
expert Mun. He is a chartered accountant as well as a chartered valuer and
appraiser who has appeared in Singapore courts as well as at the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre as an expert witness. Mun’s brief from the
Defendants was:

(a) to review the Partnership’s financial statements from 1981 to 2014 to
ascertain if the Partnership was solvent as at 19 December 2014; and

(b) to review and respond to the reports of the Plaintiff’s expert Tee.

123 Unlike Tee, Mun did not visit the shophouse in the course of preparing his
two reports but he interviewed the Defendants.

124 Mun’s Report analysed the profit and loss as well the balance sheets of
the Partnership from financial year 2010 until the period 1 January to 19
December 2014. He arrived at the following conclusions after his analysis:

(a) the Partnership was profitable every year between 2010 and 19 December
2014;

(b) the Partnership was in a net asset position every year over the period
2010 to 19 December 2014, with net assets increasing every year;

(c) there was a significant increase in UOB Overdraft from $434,663 in 2013 to
$940,981 by 19 December 2014; and

(d) the UOB Overdraft increase corresponded to increases in Lee Huat’s sundry
debtors from $555,667 in 2013 to $815,712 on 19 December 2014 while the sums
due from LHMPL increased to $311,993 by 19 December 2014.

125 Mun could only account for $81,031 of the $311,993 due from LHMPL whereas
Tee’s figure was $197,131. The difference was due to Tee’s inclusion of sundry
related transfers within 2014 despite the fact that the Partnership’s
financial statements recognised Sundry Debtors as a separate account from what
was due from LHMPL. Mun noted that in arriving at the figure of $197,131, Tee
had included transactions that had the word “Sundries” in their description,
which Tee mentioned related to the Sundry Debtor account. As the Partnership
classified Sundry Debtors and what LHMPL owed separately, Mun pointed out the
transactions should not be double counted in the analysis of what was due from
LHMPL. The double counted transactions amounted to SGD116,100. If those were
omitted, Tee would have arrived at Mun’s figure of $81,031.

126 Mun’s Report pointed out that there was an understating of the UOB
Overdraft Facility amount in the 2014 balance sheet when compared with UOB’s
bank statements. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See [104] infra

Hence, Mum adjusted the overdraft amount in the balance sheet upwards to match
the balances in the bank statements. The overdraft figure for 2014 (as at 19
December 2014) was revised to $940,986. Mun’s analysis showed that Lee Huat
had net assets of $596,188 as at 19 December 2014

127 After he had examined the bank journals, Mun found multiple transfers from
the Partnership to LHMPL. He opined that Lee Huat’s sundry debtor account was
largely due from LHMPL. He therefore assumed that the understatement of UOB’s
Overdraft also amounted to an understatement of the Sundry Debtor account
balances, and adjusted them upwards by the same amount. The adjusted amount
for sundry debtors as at 19 December 2014 was $815,712.

128 Mun recalculated the balance sheet of the Partnership for the years 2010
to 19 December 2014 after making adjustments to its plant, property and
equipment (“PPE”) as well as the UOB Overdraft and sundry debtors account. His
calculations 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See exhibit 5.4 in Mun’s AEIC p 19

showed Lee Huat had a net asset position of $400,889 as at 19 December 2014.

129 Mun reviewed the sum of $739,143 that Tee had written off from the sundry
debtors account 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See [103] infra

. He opined that it was not trade in nature but a form of debt financing from
Lee Huat to LHMPL. Mun disagreed with Tee that this amount is irrecoverable.
He considered it a related party transaction as the Plaintiff owns 70% shares
in LHMPL and is a partner of Lee Huat.

130 Mun disagreed with Tee 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

At p 26 of Mun’s AEIC

that only $27,158 is recoverable from LHMPL and the difference of $284,835
should be written off. Mun said before the write-off, the following issue
needed to be resolved first:

why LHM had a net liability position on [19 December 2014] despite receiving
(1) SGD5,053,839 from the Partnership in sundry-related transfers from FY2002
to FY2014; and (2) SGD81,031 non-sundry related transfers [by 19 December
2014]

131 Mun opined that bank journals and bank statements of LHMPL need to be
examined to ascertain how the $311,993 owed by LHMPL in the balance sheet of
the Partnership can be reconciled with the $284,835 loan balance in LHMPL’s
books.

132 Mun’s Report stated that the Partnership’s adjusted balance sheet reflects
a net asset position as at 19 December 2014, i.e. the Partnership is solvent.

133 Mun noted that the Partnership has on its balance sheet the Woodlands
Property which was not depreciated over time but carried at cost of $237,852.
If that leasehold property was depreciated, the total asset balance would be
smaller, reducing its net asset position. Even so, the Partnership would still
be in a net asset position as at 19 December 2014 and the years prior thereto
even if the Woodlands Property was fully depreciated. Although he had
requested for it, Mun was not provided with the breakdown or ageing of the
Sundry Debtors account. Without those items, the recoverability of the sundry
debts or lack thereof cannot be assessed. He therefore did not make any
adjustment for the Sundry Debtors account.

134 To ascertain whether the Partnership’s funds had been used for the
Plaintiff’s personal affairs as alleged by the Defendants, Mun examined the
Partnership’s bank journals for such transactions, and attempted to reconcile
those records against the Partnership’s UOB and RHB bank statements. He stated
he was provided with an incomplete set of banking statements namely, UOB bank
statements from January 1992 to December 2006 and from January 2011 to October
2017, while the RHB bank statement he had were from January 1994 to December
2006, and January 2011 to June 2016.

135 Notwithstanding the incomplete bank statements that he received, Mun was
able to ascertain that between 1991 and 2014, $2,594,039 of the Partnership’s
monies were used by the Plaintiff as personal expenses, comprising
approximately 900 expense items. Of those, he was able to reconcile the
largest 450 expense items by value, which made up approximately 95% of the
total expenses of $2,594,039. Of that amount, $2,174,876 could be reconciled
against the Partnership’s available bank statements or both bank statements
and journals, while a further $243,472 could be reconciled against bank
journals only. Mun concluded that at least $2,418,348 appeared to have been
drawn by the Plaintiff for personal expenses between 2002 and 2014 as opposed
to $992,524 identified by Tee for the period 2002 to 2014.  Due to time
constraints, 450 items of expenses amounting to $175,691 were not traced.

136 On the Defendants’ allegation that the Plaintiff took out private profits
from the Partnership, Mun analysed and compared records of the cash
collections earned by the workshop against the second Defendant’s diary
entries of the cash she received from the Plaintiff. Mun went through records
spanning from 1 January 2007 to 31 December 2013 of the workshop’s collections
and from 1 January 2011 to 31 December 2014 of the workshop deposits. He
compared the two and ascertained therefrom that every year, between 2011 and
2013, the workshop deposits were at least $150,000 less than the workshop
collections. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See Mun’s table at exhibit 5.15 at p 32 of his AEIC

Even taking into account the salaries and bonus expenses for the years 2011 to
2013 with the figures for those items ranging from $86,500 to $92,800, there
was still a difference between those figures and the $150,000, which remained
unexplained. Hence Mun concluded, it is possible the unexplained difference
was cash withdrawals from the Partnership.

137 Whilst Tee’s Supplementary Report 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

See [116] infra

estimated that the Plaintiff had withdrawn sums totalling $992,524 from the
Partnership for his personal use, Mun’s estimate was $2,418,348. Their figures
are set out below:

Period| Mun’s estimate| Tee’s estimate| Difference  
---|---|---|---  
2002 -2014| $978,462| $992,524| ($14,062)  
1991-2001| $1,439,886| N/A| $1,439,886  
Total| $2,418,348| $992,524| $1,425,824  
  
138 Mun disagreed with Tee’s opinion that since the sundry debtor account only
came about in 2002, the borrowings by the Plaintiff before that date were
irrelevant. Mun did not apply the same limitation on the basis that the scope
of his engagement did not only consist of an assessment of the sundry debtors
account and, withdrawals suspected to be the Plaintiff’s personal expenses had
begun before 2002. Hence, Mun included transactions from 1991 to 2014. His
estimate of the Plaintiff’s withdrawals was $1,439,886, which was more than
those from 2002 to 2014 as can be seen in the table above.

139 Mun concluded 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

At p 18 para 18 of his report (volume 3 of the bundle of AEICs p 702)

that the Partnership would be insolvent as of 19 December 2014 if the UOB
Overdraft classified under Current Liabilities is to be paid within 12 months
but it would be solvent if that overdraft was not recalled within 12 months.

140 During cross-examination, Mun testified that his brief did not include
looking into the monies that the Plaintiff had allegedly put into the
Partnership. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

See [104] infra

Mun observed that there was no indication whether the sums deposited by the
Plaintiff were to repay sums he had taken out of Lee Huat. If it was done as
equity or capital, the sums should not be offset against the sums the
Plaintiff took out from the Partnership.

141 Mun referred to the balance sheet of Lee Huat as at 31 December 2013, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

At AB3347

which showed that the Plaintiff made a drawing from the Partnership of
$100,571.90 which could possibly equate to the partner’s drawing of
$100,572.00 shown in Mun’s cash flow statement. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

At exhibit 5.5 at p 20 of Mun’s Report

That drawing also appears in the balance sheet of Lee Huat as at 19 December
2014, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

At AB 3350

below the opening balance of Partner’s capital amounting to $618,500.65.
Consequently, Mun thought the figure could be a capital injection in January
2014 but he could not be sure as both partners were still alive in January
2014.

142 Unlike Tee who gave it a zero value, Mun assessed the Woodlands Property
as having a residual value of $86,381 as of 19 December 2014 when he adjusted
the balance sheets of the Partnership from 2010 to 19 December 2014. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See p 15 of Mun’s Report Exhibit 5.4

The 30 years lease expired in April 2020. Instead of using a straight-line
depreciation over 30 years to get the value of the Woodlands Property as at 19
December 2014, Mun explained during cross-examination that his figure factored
in workshop renovations, fixtures and fittings.

143 When questioned by Mr Singh 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcripts p 498 on 14 Feb 2020

whether a debt which is irrecoverable (as in this case from LHMPL) should be
disregarded, Mum disagreed. He opined that recoverability of a debt is
different from finding that a debt is owed.

144 There was nothing new adduced from Mun during his cross-examination that
altered what was stated in Mun’s report.

The issues

145 The issues the court must decide are:

(a) whether the Partnership was solvent as at 19 December 2014;

(b) whether there appears to be sums that the Plaintiff ought to account to
the Partnership, being sums that the Plaintiff had withdrawn from the
Partnership for his personal use; and/or

(c) do the private profits that the Plaintiff withdrew from the Partnership
constitute assets of the Partnership?

The submissions

(i) The claim for $20,000.

146 Even though Roland himself had conceded 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

See [72] infra

that he was not pursuing the claim and the Defendants had highlighted the
dates 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

At [42] infra

when they returned the $20,000 in two tranches to Lee Huat’s UOB account, the
Plaintiff’s closing submissions 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

At paras 93 & 94

adopted an ambivalent stand on the claim – neither accepting it was paid nor
denying it was paid. It is clear to the court that this claim is baseless. The
Defendants’ two payments of $15,000 and $5,000 on 14 February and 6 March 2015
respectively are shown at AB1089 and AB1093 (and exhibited as tab 93 in the
second Defendant’s AEIC). AB1089 is Lee Huat’s UOB statement for the month of
February 2015, which showed three cash deposits of $5,000 each on 14 February
2015 whilst AB1095 is the Partnerhip’s UOB statement for the month of March
2015. According to the second Defendant (whose testimony was neither
challenged nor rebutted), the deposit of $15,000 on 6 March 2015 included the
repayment of the balance $5,000 of the $20,000 Jeffrey had withdrawn and
passed to the Defendants on 20 December 2014 as reflected in UOB’s December
2014 bank statement 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

At AB1082

.

(ii) The Plaintiff’s claim on the UOB overdraft

147 The Plaintiff’s stand 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

At para 177 of the Plaintiff’s closing submissions

was that the Defendants had not raised a defence to his claim of $355,107
(being half of the UOB Overdraft sum of $710,214) apart from contending that
the Plaintiff must account for the alleged “misapplied sums” and “private
profits” in their counterclaim which the Plaintiff asserted was an
afterthought.

148 On the other hand, in their closing submissions, the Defendants contended
that the Plaintiff’s claim is based on Tee’s opinion and his two reports all
of which they dispute because of the following items:

(a) Tee’s complete removal of the values of workshop renovations ($38,527) and
the Woodlands Property ($237,852) 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See [93(b)] and [99]

from his adjustments on “fixed assets”;

(b) Tee’s reductions under “current assets” of:

(i) Stock-in-trade from $140,935 to $60,066; 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See 93(c)] and [98]

(ii) Sundry debtors from $815,712 to $76,569; and 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See [93(g)], [103] and [112]

(iii) Amount due from LHMPL from $311,993 to $27,159. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

At [101]

If Tee’s adjustments in (a) to (b) totalling $1,506,492 are disregarded, the
Plaintiff’s claim fails as the difference of $1,304,171 ($1,506,492 less Tee’s
total reductions of $202,321) far exceeds the Plaintiff’s claim of $355,107
(50% of $710,214) even after factoring in the Plaintiff’s unfounded claim of
$20,000. None of the Plaintiff’s witnesses testified on the assets of the
Partnership.

149 Mun, on the other hand, had treated the workshop renovations and Woodlands
property in [141] as part of the Partnership’s PPE. Mun noted that the 2014
accounting records of Lee Huat did not take depreciation into account. As
such, he adopted a straight-line depreciation and found that as at 19 December
2014, the PPE should be valued at $86,381.

150 The Defendants submitted that Mun’s opinion should be preferred as it was
wrong of Tee at law to find that the Woodlands property was not partnership
property merely because it was held as joint tenants between the Plaintiff and
the Deceased and the Plaintiff had the right of survivorship. They relied on
the definition of “partnership property” in s 20(1) of the Partnership Act,
which states:

All property and rights and interests in property originally brought into the
partnership stock or acquired, whether by purchase or otherwise, on account of
the firm, or for the purposes and in the course of the partnership business,
are called in this Act partnership property, and must be held and applied by
the partners exclusively for the purposes of the partnership and in accordance
with the partnership agreement….

151 The Defendants submitted that s 20(1) is reinforced by s 21 of the
Partnership Act which states:

Unless the contrary intention appears, property bought with money belonging to
the firm is deemed to have been bought on account of the firm.

152 The Defendants pointed out that in the books of accounts of the
Partnership, the Woodlands property was always reflected. Roland himself in
his supporting affidavit filed to support his application to be appointed the
Plaintiff’s deputy 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

At p 637 of the second Defendant’s AEIC referring to para 11 of Roland’s
affidavit filed on 26 Nov 2015 in FC/OSM 284 of 2015

had listed the Woodlands property as being held under Lee Huat Company.
Further, Tee’s Report listed rental income received by the Partnership from
the Woodlands property.

153 It was manifestly unfair therefore (according to the Defendants) and it
offended justice for Tee to deprive the Partnership of the Woodlands property
by giving it to the Plaintiff and, at the same time, look to the Defendants to
bear half the liabilities of the Partnership. It is to be noted that in the
Plaintiff’s closing submissions, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

At para 144

he acknowledged and accepted that the Woodlands property had a residual value
of $42,567 as at 19 December 2014.

154 The Defendants felt it was equally unreasonable of Tee to reduce the value
of the stock-in-trade from $140,935 to $60,066 using a methodology which they
asserted was arbitrary and illogical. Tee admitted 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

At transcripts p 169-170 on 11 Feb 2020

he did not have sufficient information to make an accurate assessment of the
stock. What he did was to take the value in a list of second-hand motorcycles
as at 24 December 2014 and the value in a list of consumables based on a stock
take in 2016 and arbitrarily added the two figures together.

155 Tee’s arbitrariness is to be compared with Jeffrey’s figure for stock,
which was $140,934.57 and which he himself gave to the Defendants. As Jeffrey
had been managing the workshop and indeed took over the workshop for his own
business, his figure would be more accurate and should be accepted. Even then,
it was the lowest stock figure of Lee Huat for the five years preceding 2014.

156 The Defendants added that even more arbitrary was Tee’s reduction of the
sundry debtors figure from $815,712 to $76,569 and the reduction of the debt
owed by LHMPL from $311,993 to $27,159 because he considered the debts
irrecoverable. Tee’s task as an expert was not to assess the recoverability as
the court had reminded him. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

At transcripts p 182 on 11 Feb 2020.

Yet, in the Plaintiff’s closing submissions, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

At para 156

he persisted in his argument that Tee’s scope of works encompassed
recoverability under the umbrella of valuation of the Partnership.

157 Moreover, the unrebutted evidence adduced from the second Defendant was
that the Partnership traded new motorcycles through LHMPL which would repay
Lee Huat’s advances when it made sales. The only reason that LHMPL became
insolvent (according to the Defendants) was due to the fact that Jeffrey, in
the course of taking over the Partnership’s business moved all the assets of
LHMPL to his business Lee Huat Motoring Pte Ltd without paying a cent. I would
add that it is naive of Roland 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

See [115] infra

to expect the court to believe his evidence that he did not know what happened
to the stock-in-trade, let alone accept Jeffrey’s testimony that he did not
take over assets of the Partnership when the Plaintiff’s own expert Tee
recognised that it was done 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

At para 8.8 of Tee’s Report.

and, that the Plaintiff should pay the Partnership for the same. In other
words, Jeffrey took over the assets and was the cause of the insolvency of
LHMPL. He and Roland studiously avoided talking about what happened to the
assets belonging to Lee Huat and LHMPL – did the secondhand and new
motorcycles vanish into thin air?

158 The Defendants submitted that the court should accept Mun’s opinion (which
it does) that the debt of LHMPL should not be written off as the Plaintiff is
a 70% shareholder of LHMPL as well as a partner of Lee Huat. Hence, the
advances made to LHMPL are related party transactions. No explanation was
given by the Plaintiff as to why LHMPL was in a net liability position despite
receiving from Lee Huat $5,053,839 over the years 2002–2014 in sundry-related
transfers and $81,031 in non-sundry related transfers in November 2014. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

At Mun’e Report at [31].

159 The Defendants’ submissions noted that the Plaintiff did not dispute that
he had made withdrawals from the Partnership’s funds for his personal use but
only that he had deposited more funds than what he withdrew from the UOB
overdraft account. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

See the Reply to the D&CC at para 18(ii)

In their Counterclaim, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

At para 27 and in Annex A

the Defendants had alleged that the Plaintiff withdrew $1,160,003.62 (based on
Annex A) and a further $782,895.38 (in Annex B) for a grand total of
$1,942,899.00.

160 Tee’s Report 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

At para 6.11

stated that between 2002 and 2014, the Plaintiff deposited into the
Partnership’s accounts with RHB and UOB sums totalling $1,016,665 and withdrew
therefrom $784,101. The Defendants criticised Tee’s leaving out the
withdrawals made by the Plaintiff before 2002\. The court accepts the
criticism as no valid reasons were proffered for Tee’s deliberate omission,
which was aimed at reducing the Plaintiff’s indebtedness to Lee Huat.

161 In his AEIC, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

At para 28

it is noteworthy that Tee acknowledged additional withdrawals made by the
Plaintiff as set out in the Defendants’ Annex A amounting to $208,423 and sums
totalling $29,636 as withdrawals in Annex B. Even on Tee’s evidence, the
Plaintiff’s total withdrawals of $1,022,160 according to Annexures A and B
exceeded his deposits ($1,016,665) by $5,495.

162 The court has already alluded to Tee’s 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

At paras 21 and 22

illogical justification 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

See [101] infra

for excluding withdrawals by the Plaintiff before 2002\. He had said:

Since transactions prior to 2002 have no impact on the findings and conclusion
to the Expert Report, they were not considered..

No authorities or recognised accounting principles were cited by Tee to
support his bald statements and his reasoning. Not surprisingly, Tee’s flawed
reasoning was criticised in the Defendants’ closing submissions, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

At paras 104-107

not to mention that it was based on his misplaced belief that the balance
sheets were accurate. As was pointed out to him by Mr Toh, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See [105] infra

the balance sheets did not/may not contain the gospel truth. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

See transcripts at p 191 lines 12-15 and pg 192 line 6.

163 Tee had wrongly assumed that the workshop renovations were for the
shophouse. Mun had explained during cross-examination 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

At transcripts p 484 on 14 Feb 2020

that the renovations cannot be for the shophouse (as it was compulsorily
acquired) but must be for the property on Lee Huat’s balance sheet, which
would be the Woodlands property.

164 In his closing submissions, the Plaintiff cited Chip Thye Enterprises Pte
Ltd (in liquidation) v Phay Gi Mo and Others [2004] 1 SLR(R) 434 (“Chip Thye’s
case”) to support his argument that Mun was wrong to state that inter-company
loans should not be written down.

(iii) The Defendants’ Counterclaim

165 In the Plaintiff’s Reply submissions, the Defendants were roundly
criticised for their counterclaim. The Plaintiff asserted that the Defendants
departed from their pleaded case – which was only that Tee’s Report was not
accurate; they did not deny his valuation. They had also abandoned their head
of claim for an account and inquiry for “Misapplied Sums”. Instead, they
substituted the abandoned claim with a claim for a liquidated sum of
$1,977,632 or $1,813,633. In their Opening Statement, the Defendants’ claim
was for $1,107,261.50 but at paragraph 18 of their closing submissions, the
Defendants’ claim was for $1,222,618.

166 The Plaintiff added that Defendants’ figure for Private Profits also
changed. At paragraphs 29–31 of the D&CC, the figure claimed was for
$2,250,896.98 which the second Defendant clarified in court should be half
that amount. Yet, in paragraph 17 of their closing submissions, that was not
what the Defendants claimed. They said an account or inquiry was only
necessary if the court found that the Plaintiff had taken cash (apart from
bank withdrawals) from the Partnership that he had not accounted for. The
Plaintiff argued that the Defendants had not adduced any evidence that he had
taken cash from the Partnership apart from bank withdrawals.

167 The Plaintiff pointed out that having heard evidence that both the
Plaintiff and the Deceased received their share of annual profits from Lee
Huat, the Defendants then changed tack and asserted the sum of $596,187.77
stated as net assets in the balance sheet of 2014 was a “pile of cash” 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See second Defendant’s testimony at transcripts pgs 382 &383 on 12 Feb 2020

sitting somewhere in the Partnership. Consequently, the Plaintiff submitted,
the Defendants were unclear of what they are claiming.

168 The above submission is a misreading of the evidence. What the Defendants
meant is based on Mun’s findings 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

At p 32 of Mun’s Report

that there was a significant difference between the collections and deposits
in the time the Plaintiff ran the workshop amounting to a shortfall of
$506,170.37 in profits. The Defendants therefore believed that the shortfall
was the cash taken out by the Plaintiff.

169 The Plaintiff argued that the Defendants had not made out their claim in
constructive trust. It was wrong of the Defendants to contend that all monies
that the Plaintiff withdrew from the Partnership were held by him on
constructive trust. There was no evidence of wrongdoing or dishonesty on the
Plaintiff’s part. The evidence showed he did not hide those withdrawals from
the knowledge of the second Defendant or the Deceased. As the Defendants
pointed out, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

At para 35 of their closing submissions.

this defence was never pleaded by the Plaintiff. Accordingly, the court gives
it no credence.

170 The Plaintiff submitted that dishonesty is a necessary ingredient to find
a constructive trust (Royal Brunei Airlines Sdn Bhd v Philip Tan Kok Ming
[1995] 2 AC 378 (“Royal Brunei Airline”). The court will return to this
authority later. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

See [205] supra

171 Indeed, the Plaintiff accused the Defendants of attempting to mislead the
court by setting out only the withdrawals from the bank journals and not the
deposits he had made. There was also no evidence from the Defendants that the
Plaintiff was not allowed to use the Partnership monies for his personal
expenses, after all it was a family business.

172 Not surprisingly, the Defendants’ Reply submissions took issue with the
Plaintiff’s arguments set out in [163] to [168].

173 The Defendants pointed out that their D&CC 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

At para 14

merely stated they admitted what was set out in the statement of claim as the
extracts taken from Tee’s Report; they disputed that Tee’s Report is accurate.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

At para 16 of the D&CC

174 The Defendants’ Closing submissions and Reply submissions where relevant,
will be referred to in the course of the court’s findings below.

The findings

(i) Breach of fiduciary duties

175 It is clear on the evidence that the Plaintiff made no distinction between
his own funds and the Partnership’s monies. Indeed, he treated Lee Huat’s
monies as his own piggy bank. Because he was the boss, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

According to the second Defendant at p 3 of transcripts on 13 Feb 2020

no one dared to question the Plaintiff let alone his illiterate mother who, in
any event, was unaware of what he did. The fact that Lee Huat is a family
business is no excuse or justification at law, for the Plaintiff to utilise
the Partnership’s funds for his personal use.

176 The Plaintiff’s argument to the contrary in [168] is unsustainable at law.
As a fellow partner, the Plaintiff owed fiduciary duties to the Deceased. Such
duties include not taking the Partnership’s monies for his own personal use
or, to make private profits to the exclusion of his partner (per Belinda Ang J
in Ang Tin Gee v Pang Teck Guan [2011] SGHC 259 at [83] and [84].

177 The Defendants had also relied on an extract from Poh Lian Development Pte
Ltd v Hok Mee Property Pte Ltd and Others [2009] SGHC 153 where Lee Seiu Kin J
cited (at [26]) the following extract from Millet LJ’s judgment in Bristol and
West Building Society v Mothew [1998] 1 Ch 1, where he said:

A fiduciary is someone who has undertaken to act for or on behalf of another
in a particular matter in circumstances which give rise to a relationship of
trust and confidence. The distinguishing obligation of a fiduciary is the
obligation of loyalty. The principal is entitled to the single-minded loyalty
of his fiduciary. This core liability has several facets. A fiduciary must act
in good faith; he must not make a profit out of his trust; he must not place
himself in a position where his duty and his interest may conflict; he may not
act for his own benefit or the benefit of a third person without the informed
consent of his principal. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list, but
it is sufficient to indicate the nature of fiduciary obligations. They are the
defining characteristics of the fiduciary.

The above extract from Bristol and West Building Society v Mothew was cited
with approval by the Court of Appeal in Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan [2017] 1
SLR 654 where (at [192]) the appellate court added “the hallmark of a
fiduciary obligation is that the fiduciary is to act in the interests of
another person”.

178 The Plaintiff’s acquisition of the immovable properties and other assets
itemised in [10] above using the Partnership’s monies was in clear breach of
his fiduciary obligations to the Deceased.

179 Chip Thye’s case cited by the Plaintiff in [163] is not relevant and would
not assist the Plaintiff. In that case, the liquidator of an insolvent company
alleged that the company’s directors had breached their fiduciary duties by
transferring debts due from the fourth defendant to a related insolvent
company causing recoverability problems. The directors attempted to argue that
the company was solvent when the debt was transferred out but the court
disagreed and held that the liquidator was right to take recoverability into
consideration and that the company was already insolvent at the time the
directors made the transfer.

180 The court now turns to the testimony of the two experts.

181 Contrary to paragraph 2 of his AEIC and paragraph 1.6 of Tee’s Report, in
rendering his report/opinion, Tee did not discharge his duty to the court nor
did he adhere to his professed claim that his duty to the court overrode any
obligation to the party (the Plaintiff) who engaged him.

182 In fact, Tee’s Report and Supplementary Report were blatantly slanted in
favour of the Plaintiff. Tee went to the extent of filing two affidavits 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

to support the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment on the basis that
the Defendants had not raised any doubt or triable issues to the Plaintiff’s
claim. The O 14 application did not succeed.

183 Tee paid lip service to O 40A r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) which states:

(1) It is the duty of an expert to assist the Court on the matters within his
expertise.

(2) This duty overrides any obligation to the person from whom he has received
instructions or by whom he is paid.

184 The court does not accept Tee’s reasoning that the debt owed by LHMPL
should be reduced to the amount ($27,159) recoverable from LHMPL.
Recoverability does not equate to indebtedness. Contrary to his claim, Tee’s
scope of works was not on recoverability of debts but the extent of
indebtedness of or to, Lee Huat to ascertain its financial position as at 19
December 2014.

185 The court’s dim view of Tee’s partiality in favour of the Plaintiff is
reinforced by his statement 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

At para 69 of his AEIC

that “[i]nterest is due and owing on the overdraft facility with UOB and both
the Plaintiff and the Defendant should share the same equally”. His statement
completely overlooked the fact that the Deceased’s liability as a partner of
Lee Huat ceased on the date of her demise – 19 December 2014. Any further
interest accrued after that date was not the responsibility of the Deceased
and should be borne solely by the Plaintiff and now his sons.

186 Tee had stated 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

At paras 6.11–6.14 of Tee’s Report and at para 3.2 of Tee’s Supplementary
Report

that the Plaintiff had deposited sums totalling $1,016,665 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See [159] infra

into the Partnership’s accounts between January 2002 and December 2014 based
on the following breakdown:

(a) $475,000 from the rental of 615 Balestier Road;

(b) $251,665 from the sale proceeds of Blk 223 CCK;

(c) $190,000 from the sale of his investment in Everfit;

(d) $100,000 from his personal savings account and;

(e) $40,000 that Jeffrey repaid for the expenses of his wedding.

The Defendants disputed items (b) and (e) above. The second Defendant had
deposed in her AEIC 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

At para 44

that when she questioned the Plaintiff on the source of (b), he refused to
answer which he would not have done if the sum was indeed from the sale of Blk
223 CCK. Roland himself had admitted during cross-examination 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcripts pg 82 on 11 Feb 2020

that he had no evidence on whether the sale proceeds were deposited into the
Partnership’s bank account. Item (e) was another assertion by Tee which
Jeffrey did not corroborate and which the second Defendant disputed in her
AEIC 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

At para 78

. Deducting items (b) and (e) from $1,016,665, the difference is $724,999.84.

187 In the Defendants’ closing submissions, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

At para 18

they set out the following table showing that the Plaintiff owed at least
$1,222,618 to the Estate pursuant to ss 24(1) and 43 of the Partnership Act:

| | Sum(s) $| Reference  
---|---|---|---  
| Assets| |   
1| Misapplied sum| 1,977,632|  
2| Adjustment for PPE | 86,381|   
3| Cash| 90,017| Tee’s Report para 8.5  
4| Stock in trade| 140,935|  
5| Sundry debtors | 815,712|   
6| Due from LHMPL| 311,993|  
7| Deposits| 2,290| Tee’s Report para 8.5  
| Total Assets| 3,424,960|  
| Liabilities| |   
8| UOB overdraft | 940,986| Tee’ Report para 8.5  
9| Other creditors & accruals | 38,738| Tee’s Report para 8.5  
| Total liabilities| 979,724| Tee’s Report para 8.5  
| | |   
| Total Assets| 3,424,960|  
| Less Liabilities| 979,724|  
|  Net Assets| 2,445,236|  
| Half net assets| 1,222,618|  
  
188 Section 43 of the Partnership Act states:

Retiring or deceased partner’s share to be a debt

Subject to any agreement between the partners, the amount due from surviving
or continuing partners to an outgoing partner or the representatives of a
deceased partner in respect of the outgoing or deceased partner’s share is a
debt accruing at the date of the dissolution or death.

189 In regard to the Misapplied Sums in column 1 above the Defendants gave the
following breakdown 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

At para 140

in their closing submissions 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

See [11] infra where the figures were first set out.

:

| Category| Partnership monies Plaintiff used | Profits the plaintiff attempted to account for| Defendants’ position on plaintiff’s accounting| Sums the Plaintiff did not account for | If the court agrees with the PLaintiff   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
A| Blk 223 CCK| 123,999.50| 251,665.16| Disagreed| 123,999.50| 0  
B| 59A CCK| 890,253.82| $0| | 890,253.82| 890,253.82  
C| 615 Balestier Rd|  605,131.50| 475,0000| Agreed| 130,131.50| 130,131.50  
D| Everfit| 46,910| 190,000.| Agreed| 0|  
E| Bikelink| 88,000| 0| | 88,000| 88,000  
F| Cycle Trade| 103,531.31| 0| | 103,531.31| 103,531.31  
G| ArrowSpeed| 5,000| 0| | 5,000| 5,000  
H| 34 Norris Rd | 294,627.73| 0| | 294,627.73 | 294,627.73  
I| Others| 92,500| 0| | 92,500| 92,500  
J| Cars| 126,974.37| 0| | 126,974.37| 126,974.37  
K| Family | 222,614.35| 140000| Only in respect of 100,000 | 122,614.35|  82,614.35  
| Total| 2,599,542.58| | | 1,977,632.58| 1,813,633.08  
  
190 The evidence adduced in court clearly showed that the Plaintiff withdrew
from the Partnership funds in excess of the principal amount of the overdraft
sum of $710,214 as at 19 December 2014. At the risk of repetition, Tee unlike
Mun, failed to take into account the Plaintiff’s pre-2002 withdrawals, the
value of the renovations carried out at as well as, the Woodlands property and
the correct (higher) value of Lee Huat’s stock-in-trade. It bears remembering
that the Plaintiff’s witnesses and the defence to the D&CC did not dispute he
had withdrawn monies from the Partnership for his own use; his defence 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

At para 18(ii) of the Defence to the Counterclaim

was that monies he deposited into the UOB account exceeded his withdrawals.

191 Earlier, the court had also taken issue with Tee’s deliberate discounting
of the Plaintiff as a sundry debtor for all drawings from the Partnership
before 2002. Equally, the court cannot without more, accept Tee’s reasoning to
reduce the outstanding debt owed to the Partnership by LHMPL in order to fit
in with LHMPL’s means to repay the debt.

192 It was not surprising therefore that Mr Toh 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcripts at p 212 on 11 Feb 2020

put to Tee (who disagreed) that throughout his two reports, Tee had generally
exceeded his scope as an expert and made conclusions just to support his
client’s case. Consequently, the court does not give any credence to Tee’s
testimony or to his two reports.

193 To reinforce the court’s finding, one only needs to refer to Tee’s
treatment of the Woodland’s property. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

At [97] infra

Tee’s view that the Plaintiff inherited the property under the rule of
survivorship in a joint tenancy is contrary to s 21 of the Partnership Act set
out earlier at [150].

194 In the light of the many shortcomings in his evidence as well as in Tee’s
Report and Supplementary Report as highlighted earlier, 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

At [93], [96], [99], [100]. [101], [103], [106] [107], [109], [111], [112],
[113], [114], [115] and [117].

the court is of the view that’s Mun testimony and expert reports are to be
preferred. Mun offered a more objective and balanced analysis of the accounts
of the Partnership as at 19 December 2014.

195 I have no doubt that the missing documents identified in [96] by Tee
(which corroborates the second Defendant’s allegation in [19]) and by Mun in
[133] were taken away by Roland and/or his brother Jeffrey as they would have
shown the extent/quantum of the Plaintiff’s drawings from and his indebtedness
to, Lee Huat not to mention the stock in trade of Lee Huat and LHMPL that has
gone “missing”. It bears repeating that Roland’s youngest brother Keith is an
accountant.

196 The court is of the view that it would be totally unjust if Tee’s
reductions of LHMPL’s debt to the Partnership are accepted as Jeffrey has
taken the benefits of the Partnership’s and LHMPL’s assets for his business –
he enriched himself while Roland had Tee write off the inter-company loans of
LHMPL. At the same time, Roland sued the Defendants/the Estate for the
outstanding debt of the Partnership.

197 In the Plaintiff’s closing submissions, 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

At para 186

it was submitted that the equitable defences of laches, delay and acquiescence
would bar the Defendants’ from pursuing their counterclaim for an account and
inquiry after 39 years, notwithstanding the Plaintiff did not plead these
defences. The court’s short answer to this submission is that parties are
bound by their pleadings. These defences are not available to the Plaintiff as
they were never pleaded.

198 The same ruling applies to the Plaintiff’s other submission 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

At para 136

that the Defendants themselves, had accepted that LHMPL was insolvent as, in
the Schedule of Assets for probate of the Estate, they had declared that her
10,000 shares in LHMPL was a negative $3.16. The Defendants countered this
submission 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

At para 24 of the Defendants’ closing submissions

by pointing out that the Defendants’ witnesses were not challenged on this
point, it was not pleaded anywhere in the Plaintiff’s pleadings and it was not
referred to by any of the Plaintiff’s witnesses. The Defendants complained
they were caught by surprise by this submission, which breached the rule in
Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67. In any event, the Defendants argued, this
submission was untenable as the Defendants obtained the negative value of
$3.16 from the accounts of LHMPL provided by the Plaintiff’s family to their
solicitors 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

See [18] infra

.

199 The Defendants had accused the Plaintiff’s family (not without
justification) of mounting a campaign to pressure them to pay off the UOB
Overdraft using the Estate’s funds in the belief that the Estate was “a
substantial one worth $5.7m and the [Defendants] as beneficiaries and Trustees
have benefited immensely”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

At para 5 of Roland’s AEIC

This was a misconception and unfounded belief on the part of Roland. The
Deceased inherited No 75 CCK from her late husband and that immoveable
property accounted for the bulk of her estate as she returned the two
properties at Serangoon Road to her eldest son Kerk Hen (who was the original
owner) and the latter’s son. The said properties had been transferred to the
Deceased by Kerk Hen when he encountered financial difficulties at one time.
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

See para 19 of the second Defendant’s AEIC.

200 For their many years of service to the Partnership, the first and second
Defendants’ last drawn salaries were only $1,600 and $2,500 per month
respectively, by the time of their resignation. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

See para 23 of the second Defendant’s AEIC.

If they have to pay half of the UOB overdraft, the Defendants say they will be
forced to sell No 75 CCK where they are living.

201 As for the Deceased, her signature in her Will dated 13 January 2013 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

At AB5279

does not appear to reflect a woman who was business savvy as Roland and Giam
claimed. Her signature was shaky and typical of the signatures of illiterate
persons. It is not believable that an illiterate person like the Deceased
would have made regular drawings from the Partnership as recorded in the books
of accounts alluded to earlier. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

At [89]

It was the second Defendant’s evidence 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Transcripts at pg 270 on 12 Feb 2020

that the Deceased had no knowledge of the Plaintiff’s usage of the
Partnership’s monies for his own ends. The profits of Lee Huat may well have
been distributed and drawings made but the Deceased’s purported drawings were
most probably taken by the Plaintiff who gave her back a monthly allowance of
around $1,000. If indeed the Deceased had taken her share of the Partnership’s
profits and an equal amount of drawings as the Plaintiff, she would have had
far more assets and cash than what was in the Estate.

202 It is absurd of the Plaintiff to refuse to admit that the Deceased was
illiterate 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

At para 2(vi) of the Reply to the D&CC

when his own witness Giam 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

See [75] infra

admitted she was illiterate. It is even more absurd for the Plaintiff’s two
sons to expect the court to believe their claim (as well as Giam’s claim) that
the Plaintiff only went to work at Lee Huat in the afternoons 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

As pleaded in para 2(iv) of the Reply to the D&CC.

and the Defendants as well as the Deceased ran the business. The court prefers
the evidence of the Defendants as being more credible to that given by the
Plaintiff’s witnesses.

203 Consequently, in answer to the three issues in [144] above, the court
states as follows:

(a) was the Partnership solvent as at 19 December 2014? It was.

(b) whether there appears to be sums that the Plaintiff ought to account to
the Partnership, being sums that the Plaintiff had withdrawn from the
Partnership for his personal use. Yes.

(c) do the private profits that the Plaintiff withdrew from the Partnership
constitute assets of the Partnership? Yes the private profits were the assets
of the Partnership.

204 The court finds it disgraceful and deplorable that the Plaintiff’s
sons/family have chosen to sue their paternal aunts and their grandmother’s
estate after the Plaintiff was incapacitated by a stroke and at the same time,
refuse to repay or account for all/any of the monies the Plaintiff took from
the Partnership. Even by the Plaintiff’s expert’s own calculations 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

See [108] infra

, the sums he took of $992,524 (which figure Mun opined should be much higher
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

See [135] infra

) far exceeds the Plaintiff’s claim against the Estate (50% of $710,214). The
court is also mindful of Mun’s evidence in [139] that if the deposits the
Plaintiff made were by way of capital injection, they have to be discounted in
any event. As the Defendants pointed out in their closing submissions, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

At paras 129 & 133

the burden of proof is on the Plaintiff to prove the deposits he made to Lee
Huat’s UOB account were the Plaintiff’s repayments of monies he had taken; the
Plaintiff did not discharge that burden. This would apply to the $251,665.16
deposit that Roland claimed represented the repayment of the sum ($123,999.50)
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

See item A at table at [187]

the Plaintiff took from the Partnership for the purchase of Blk 223 CCK.

205 Further, as was pointed out by the Defendants, 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

See paras 136 & 137 of the Defendants’ closing submissions

it was wrong of Tee to adopt a running account approach to the Plaintiff’s
withdrawals and deposits. That is not how the law treats a breach of fiduciary
duty by a partner. A party who breaches his fiduciary duties cannot as the
Plaintiff attempted to do, profit from his wrongdoing. Consequently, any
profits/gains that the Plaintiff made from his investments using Lee Huat’s
monies cannot be credited to him as part of the monies refunded. Those profits
belong to Lee Huat and should not feature in the equation. An example in this
regard would be the Plaintiff’s investment in Everfit using $46,910 for which
he reaped $190,000 in return. The Plaintiff is not entitled to be given credit
for the profit $143,090 ($190,000 -$46,910).

206 It is absurd of the Plaintiff to submit 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

At para 310 of its closing submissions

that the Defendants had failed to produce an iota of evidence to show that the
Plaintiff had breached his fiduciary duties. The evidence adduced in court is
overwhelming to say the least.

(ii) Constructive trustee

207 The Plaintiff’s submission 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

At [169]

that dishonesty is a necessary ingredient to found a constructive trust is a
misreading of Lord Nicholls judgment in Royal Brunei Airlines. Lord Nicholls
said (at p 389) that dishonesty is synonymous with lack of probity and simply
means not acting as an honest person would in the circumstances, which would
best describe the Plaintiff’s conduct.

208 This case is not like Barnes v Addy (1874) LR 9 Ch App 244 (from which
case the Plaintiff’s Reply submissions 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

At para 57

cited the judgment of Lord Selborne LC) and Sumitomo Bank Limited v Thahir
Kartika Ratna and Others and another Matter [1992] 3 SLR(R) 638 where the
court had to determine if (apart from the wrongdoer) third parties or agents
(such as solicitors) should be imposed with actual or imputed knowledge so as
to make them constructive trustees. Here it is the Plaintiff himself who owed
fiduciary duties to his partner-mother and who knew for a fact (judging by his
conduct) that monies he took from Lee Huat needed to be returned to the
Partnership. Why else would he pay into the UOB overdraft account the proceeds
of sale of 615, Balestier Road (in part) and Everfit?

209 The monies that the Plaintiff took from Lee Huat is a “debt” under s 43 of
the Partnership Act 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

See [187] infra

owed to the Deceased, and now the Estate. Until that debt is settled and
repaid, the Estate is not obliged to pay half the outstanding UOB Overdraft
accrued as at 19 December 2014.

210 The court notes that the Defendants put forward various figures for their
claims for Misapplied Sums and Private Profits all of which have been set out
earlier. For that reason, it is best to hold an inquiry to trace/recover those
sums. In the light of what the second Defendant told the court 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

At [81]

that she would have been content to let sleeping dogs lie, it is for the
Defendants to decide if they wish to pursue their remedy for an inquiry.

211 Consequently, this court rules in favour of the Defendants. The
Plaintiff’s claim is dismissed with costs to the Defendants to be taxed on a
standard basis unless otherwise agreed. In regard to costs, the court notes
that on 6 April 2002, the Defendants (but not the Plaintiff) filed a Costs
Schedule.

212 The Defendants are awarded interlocutory judgment against the Plaintiff on
their Counterclaim with costs also on a standard basis. An inquiry is to be
held to determine and the Plaintiff must account to the Estate for, the sums
withdrawn by him from the Partnership. Costs of the inquiry are reserved to
the Registrar holding the inquiry.

213 In the light of the court’s findings, it is unnecessary to grant the
Defendants their alternative second prayer for relief under s 60 of the
Trustees Act. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

See [43] infra

214 Finally, the court grants a declaration that the Plaintiff holds all and
any sums determined at the inquiry as constructive trustees for the
Partnership.

Lai Siu Chiu

Senior Judge

Bachoo Mohan Singh (BMS LLC) (as counsel), Narayanan Vijay Kumar (Vijay & Co)
for the Plaintiff;  
Toh Jun Hian Jonathan & Wong Shi Yun (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
Defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

