Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 188

Originating Summons No 195 of 2020

Between

| Damodaran s/o Subbarayan  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Rogini w/o Subbarayan  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Equitable accounting]

[Land] — [Interest in land]

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts] — [Presumed resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Damodaran s/o Subbarayan

  
v

  

Rogini w/o Subbarayan

[2020] SGHC 188

High Court — Originating Summons No 195 of 2020  
Andre Maniam JC  
18 June 2020

7 September 2020 Judgment reserved.

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 When one of three joint tenants dies, what happens to his beneficial
interest in the property? Does it go to his estate? Or does it go to the two
surviving joint tenants (or either of them)?

2 In the present case, a married couple had acquired a Housing and Development
Board (“HDB”) flat as joint tenants. I find that they were joint tenants in
equity as well as in law. Their son was added as a third joint tenant three
years later, and he took over the outstanding balance of the mortgage loan.
The father died a month later.

3 The son contended that his share of the flat, relative to his mother’s,
would only depend on the respective contributions each of them had made, ie,
it was immaterial what his father’s contributions had been, and what
beneficial interest his father previously had in the flat. I find instead that
upon death, his father’s beneficial interest passed to his mother.

4 The son was entitled to a share in the flat proportionate to the financial
contribution he had made. But his share in the flat did not increase on
account of his father’s death.

5 In the event, I found that the son had a beneficial interest of 45.35% in
the property, and his mother the remaining 54.65%.

Background

The Lower Delta Flat

6 Prior to owning the HDB flat in dispute (“the Jln Membina Flat”), Mr
Subbarayan s/o Mayavan Pillai (“Mr Subbarayan”) and his wife, Rogini w/o
Subbarayan (“Mrs Subbarayan”, the defendant) owned a previous HDB flat at
Lower Delta Road (“the Lower Delta Flat”) as joint tenants. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 6; Mr Damodaran’s
affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 4.

Their son, Damodaran s/o Subbarayan (“Mr Damodaran”, the plaintiff), stayed in
the Lower Delta Flat with his parents. When Mr Damodaran got married in 1998,
his wife moved in too; they had a child in 1999 (and a second child in 2006).
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 13.

7 Sometime in 2001, the Lower Delta Flat was compulsorily acquired pursuant to
the Selective En bloc Redevelopment Scheme (“SERS”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 4.

The Jln Membina Flat

8 Mr and Mrs Subbarayan obtained the Jln Membina Flat as a replacement for the
Lower Delta Flat. The effective date of purchase of the Jln Membina Flat was 1
September 2001. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 14.

As with the Lower Delta Flat, Mr and Mrs Subbarayan owned the Jln Membina Flat
as joint tenants. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 14.

9 All those who stayed in the Lower Delta Flat moved into the Jln Membina Flat
in early November 2001. Certain renovations to the Jln Membina Flat were done
in or around August to September 2001. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, pp 20–26.

10 Mr and Mrs Subbarayan received from the HDB compensation in the sum of
$164,000 for the acquisition of the Lower Delta Flat: that sum included, inter
alia, monies refunded to their Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) accounts (in
respect of what they had withdrawn and used towards the Lower Delta Flat, and
accrued interest) and a SERS contra of $108,603.16, which was set off against
what was payable for the purchase of the Jln Membina Flat. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, pp 15–16.

11 Mr Damodaran was joined as a third joint tenant of the Jln Membina Flat
some three years later, on 1 September 2004. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, p 32 and para 21.

Mr Subbarayan’s death and subsequent developments

12 Unfortunately, Mr Subbarayan passed away from a cardiac arrest just a month
later, on 1 October 2004, leaving Mrs Subbarayan and Mr Damodaran as the
surviving joint tenants. Mr Subbarayan died intestate. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, paras 5 and 25.

13 In 2019, Mrs Subbarayan initiated a severance of the joint tenancy over the
Jln Membina Flat into a tenancy in common in equal shares; she was then over
70 years of age and wished to realise her interest in the flat so that she
could get alternative accommodation. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, pp 32–36; Mrs Subbarayan’s
affidavit dated 19 February 2020, paras 16–17.

Things had not been going well between her and Mr Damodaran and his wife. Mr
Damodaran objected to severance, but Mrs Subbarayan proceeded to sever the
joint tenancy into a tenancy in common in equal shares on 13 June 2019,
pursuant to the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, pp 23–30.

She told Mr Damodaran that she intended to sell her half share, and gave him
the first option to purchase it at the best market price, failing which she
intended to seek an order that the flat be sold. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 43.

14 Mr Damodaran did not take up Mrs Subbarayan’s offer to purchase her
interest in the Jln Membina Flat on a 50:50 basis. Nor did he wish for the
flat to be sold at that point in time. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 44.

The present proceedings

15 Mr Damodaran filed this Originating Summons on 12 February 2020 seeking a
severance of the leasehold interest in the Jln Membina Flat, in the proportion
of 83% to himself and the remaining 17% to his mother, Mrs Subbarayan. In
submissions, it was recognised that Mrs Subbarayan had already effected a
severance of the joint tenancy, and so what Mr Damodaran really sought was a
determination of his and Mrs Subbarayan’s respective shares in the Jln Membina
Flat.

16 As an alternative to his primary case of an 83:17 division in his favour,
Mr Damodaran submitted that there should at the very least be a 78.3:21.7
division in his favour (in the event that his payments of service and
conservancy charges, property tax, and utilities were not regarded as
contributions to the acquisition of the Jln Membina Flat). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, paras 74–75.

17 On her part, Mrs Subbarayan initially contended that the division should be
65:35 in her favour. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 27.

This ratio was later adjusted in submissions to 66.88:33.12 in her favour, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, paras 28 and 78–79.

alternatively 54.9:45.1 in her favour, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 80.

alternatively 50:50. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, paras 29 and 81.

My findings

What could have happened to Mr Subbarayan’s beneficial interest in the Jln
Membina Flat?

18 Mr Damodaran’s approach in this case was to ignore the contributions made
by Mr Subbarayan to the acquisition of the Jln Membina Flat as well as Mr
Subbarayan’s beneficial interest in that flat, and to focus only on the
relative contributions made by himself and Mrs Subbarayan. This was wrong in
principle. Mr Subbarayan’s interest in the Jln Membina Flat did not vanish
upon his death – the question is whether his interest:

(a) became part of his estate; or

(b) passed to Mrs Subbarayan and/or Mr Damodaran who were the surviving co-
owners of the Jln Membina Flat.

19 This would in turn have an impact on Mrs Subbarayan’s and Mr Damodaran’s
shares in the Jln Membina Flat presently.

20 Neither Mr Damodaran nor Mrs Subbarayan contended that Mr Subbarayan’s
interest became part of his estate. However, Mr and Mrs Subbarayan had a
daughter, Ms Tharumambal d/o Subbarayan (“Ms Tharumambal”), who was entitled
to 25% of Mr Subbarayan’s estate in intestacy. As such, I asked that Mrs
Subbarayan or her solicitors inform Ms Tharumambal of these proceedings, and
check if she wished to be heard by the court (and in particular whether she
might contend that Mr Subbarayan’s beneficial interest in the Jln Membina Flat
had formed part of his estate).

21 In response, I was informed that Ms Tharumambal had, in applying for
letters of administration, declared Mr Subbarayan to have a one-third share in
the Jln Membina Flat (presumably because he was registered as one of three
joint tenants); she regarded his interest as not forming part of his estate,
but instead as having devolved by survivorship. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Letter from Island Law LLC to the Supreme Court Registry dated 30 July 2020,
para 2.

However, Ms Tharumambal indicated that if I should find that Mr Subbarayan’s
beneficial interest did form part of his estate, then she wished for her 25%
share to go to her mother, Mrs Subbarayan (since the division in intestacy
would be 50% to Mrs Subbarayan, 25% to Mr Damodaran, and 25% to Ms
Tharumambal). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Letter from Island Law LLC to the Supreme Court Registry dated 30 July 2020,
para 3.

22 To resolve the question of what happened to Mr Subbarayan’s interest in the
Jln Membina Flat, it is necessary to go back in time to when Mr and Mrs
Subbarayan owned the Lower Delta Flat.

How did Mr and Mrs Subbarayan hold their interests in the Lower Delta Flat?

23 Mr and Mrs Subbarayan were married in 1963. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 13.

At the time of Mr Subbarayan’s death, they had been married for some 41 years.

24 The Lower Delta Flat was Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s matrimonial home. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 6.

I did not have sufficient evidence of the financial contributions that Mr and
Mrs Subbarayan had individually made to acquire the Lower Delta Flat. However,
more money was refunded to Mr Subbarayan’s CPF account than Mrs Subbarayan’s
when the Lower Delta Flat was acquired, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, pp 15–16.

which would tend to indicate that Mr Subbarayan had contributed more; this was
unsurprising as Mr Subbarayan was the main breadwinner. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 6.

I did not however know what the purchase price of the Lower Delta Flat was, or
whether any payments in cash might have been made by Mr Subbarayan or Mrs
Subbarayan.

25 Mrs Subbarayan contended that absent any evidence of an express intention
to the contrary, the Lower Delta Flat was simply jointly owned by them as a
couple. She said that continued to be the case for the Jln Membina Flat, and
if Mr Subbarayan had passed away prior to Mr Damodaran’s being added as a
joint tenant and contributing financially towards the Jln Membina Flat (by
taking over the balance of the housing loan), she would have become the sole
legal and beneficial owner of the Jln Membina Flat by survivorship. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 19.

26 As such, for the purposes of determining what shares she and Mr Damodaran
now had in the Jln Membina Flat, Mrs Subbarayan contended that Mr Subbarayan’s
beneficial interest in the flat had passed to her, and not at all to Mr
Damodaran. Put another way, if Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s contributions towards
the Jln Membina Flat were put in a pool with Mr Damodaran’s contributions, Mrs
Subbarayan argued that Mr Subbarayan’s contributions should (upon his death)
be attributed to her for the purposes of determining what interests she and Mr
Damodaran had. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 20.

27 It was also submitted on Mrs Subbarayan’s behalf that the couple had
enjoyed a long and happy marriage, and that this engaged the presumption of
advancement from Mr Subbarayan to Mrs Subbarayan. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 20.

Counsel for Mr Damodaran however submitted that it was opportunistic for Mrs
Subbarayan to claim in submissions that her marriage had been a “happy” one –
she had not said so in her affidavit, and her claim was only an afterthought
to fit in with the case law. Mr Damodaran’s counsel was instructed that the
marriage was not a happy one, but this was a point that Mr Damodaran had not
raised in his affidavits either. All that Mr Damodaran could point to in his
own affidavits was a passage where he stated that he had become aware that Mr
Subbarayan was not feeling well in the morning of 1 October 2004, and that he
had brought Mr Subbarayan to the hospital where the latter died. Mr Damodaran
then added: “If only [Mrs Subbarayan] had acted earlier when [Mr Subbarayan]
told her that he was unwell throughout the night before, he could have been
saved.” 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 14.

28 I did not consider that one sentence, or one event, to be sufficient to
support a finding that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s marriage was not a happy one.
Mrs Subbarayan might simply not have considered Mr Subbarayan’s condition to
be serious enough for him to be brought to the hospital right away, whereas by
the morning he would have had been unwell for some time when Mr Damodaran
decided to do so.

29 This incident was no basis for me to find that there was no intention for
Mr and Mrs Subbarayan to beneficially own the Lower Delta Flat jointly, or to
negate any presumption of advancement by Mr Subbarayan to Mrs Subbarayan.

30 Indeed, Mr Damodaran himself did not go so far as to contend that because
of the nature or state of his parents’ marriage, there should be no
presumption of advancement by Mr Subbarayan to Mrs Subbarayan.

31 Mr Damodaran’s position was that the sum of $108,603.16, which was the SERS
contra from the Lower Delta Flat that went towards the deposit for the Jln
Membina Flat, should be attributed equally to Mr and Mrs Subbarayan since they
were joint tenants of the Lower Delta Flat. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, paras 50–51.

This was despite his contention that the unequal CPF refunds to them suggested
that Mr Subbarayan had contributed relatively more than Mrs Subbarayan had to
the acquisition of the Lower Delta Flat. If Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s
contributions could be ascertained, and Mr Subbarayan had indeed contributed
more, the proceeds of the Lower Delta Flat would only be owned on a 50:50
basis between Mr and Mrs Subbarayan if this had been their common intention,
or if there had been some advancement by Mr Subbarayan to Mrs Subbarayan.

32 Having regard to the principles stated in Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye
Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”) at [101], [102],
[105] and [107], and Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan
Yuen Lan”) at [160], I find that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan were joint tenants of
the Lower Delta Flat not only in law, but in equity as well.

33 Applying step (a) of the six-step analytical framework in Chan Yuen Lan
(“the Chan Yuen Lan framework”) at [160], I first asked: was there sufficient
evidence of the respective financial contributions of Mr and Mrs Subbarayan to
the purchase price of the Lower Delta Flat? The answer was no. It was thus
presumed that they held the beneficial interest in the same manner as that in
which the legal interest was held, ie, that they were joint tenants both in
law and in equity. There was no contrary common intention to displace this
under step (b) of the Chan Yuen Lan framework, and as such, “the parties will
hold the beneficial interest in the property in the same manner as the manner
in which they hold the legal interest” (Chan Yuen Lan at [160(c)]). There was
no subsequent and contrary common intention under step (f) of the Chan Yuen
Lan framework to change the foregoing conclusion either.

34 My understanding of the phrase “the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property in the same manner as the manner in which they hold
the legal interest” at step (c) of the Chan Yuen Lan framework is this: in
such a case, if the legal interest is held as a joint tenancy, the beneficial
interest too would be held as a joint tenancy. Likewise, the equivalent phrase
in step (a) (see Chan Yuen Lan at [160(a)]) means that where there is
insufficient evidence of the purchasers’ respective contributions, a legal
joint tenancy will be presumed to also be an equitable joint tenancy.

35 In its earlier decision in Lau Siew Kim, the Court of Appeal observed (at
[101]) that my conclusion at [34] above will generally be right in the context
of a typical marital relationship.

36 The presumptive inference is that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan held their
interests in the Lower Delta Flat as legal and beneficial joint tenants. That
is consistent with Mr Subbarayan’s conduct, which showed that he had wanted to
provide for Mrs Subbarayan, even if he might have contributed more than she
had to the purchase price of the Lower Delta Flat:

(a) Money withdrawn from Mr Subbarayan’s CPF account upon his turning 55 was
deposited in a joint bank account with Mrs Subbarayan, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 7.

even though Mr Subbarayan also had a bank account in his sole name.

(b) The balance compensation of $10,056.19 from the compulsory acquisition of
the Lower Delta Flat was also deposited into that joint bank account on 20
December 2001. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, p 16.

(c) On Mr Subbarayan’s death, Mrs Subbarayan became the absolute owner of the
balance in that joint bank account by survivorship.

(d) Mr Subbarayan nominated Mrs Subbarayan as the sole beneficiary of the
balance in his CPF account, and she received that money upon his death. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 3, s/n 5.

(e) The bulk of the compensation received when the Lower Delta Flat was
compulsorily acquired went towards acquiring the Jln Membina Flat, which was
Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s next matrimonial home and which was again held by them
as legal joint tenants.

(f) As between Mr and Mrs Subbarayan, Mr Subbarayan was the main breadwinner.
After 2000, Mr Subbarayan was the sole breadwinner; Mrs Subbarayan ceased to
have any employment income, but Mr Subbarayan continued to work (earning
$1,200 a month according to Mrs Subbarayan, but only $700 according to Mr
Damodaran). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 3, s/n 2 and para 6;
Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 6.

37 Given these circumstances, I find that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan intended to
own the Lower Delta Flat jointly; if either of them should die, it was
intended that the survivor would become the absolute beneficial owner. Even if
there were no such intention, the presumption of advancement would operate to
bring about the same result. In this regard, having regard to the matters
stated in [36] above, I find that the nature and state of the marriage was an
“ordinary, caring matrimonial relationship”/“typical caring and amiable
matrimonial relationship” (see Lau Siew Kim ([32] supra) at [101]–[102]). It
would thus be appropriate to apply the presumption of advancement, if that
were required.

38 In this case, there is no need to rely on a presumption of advancement
under step (e) of the Chan Yuen Lan ([32] supra) framework to rebut a
presumption of resulting trust under step (a), because no presumption of
resulting trust arises here due to the insufficient evidence of Mr and Mrs
Subbarayan’s individual contributions to the purchase price of the Lower Delta
Flat. Moreover, Mr Damodaran did not contend that there was a resulting trust
as between Mr and Mrs Subbarayan in relation to the Lower Delta Flat.

39 My conclusion that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan were both legal and beneficial
joint tenants of the Lower Delta Flat is also consonant with the observation
in Lau Siew Kim ([32] supra) regarding property ownership in a typical marital
relationship. As stated at [101] of Lau Siew Kim, “… in cases where married
spouses who contribute jointly (whether in equal proportions or otherwise) to
the purchase of a property (in particular, their matrimonial homes) hold that
property as legal joint tenants … there is a presumptive inference that the
parties intended to hold the property as joint tenants in equity as well”.

40 That observation applies fully here: Mr and Mrs Subbarayan contributed
jointly to their acquisition of the Lower Delta Flat (as can be seen from the
refunds to both their CPF accounts when the flat was compulsorily acquired by
the HDB); the flat was their matrimonial home (see Lau Siew Kim ([32] supra)
at [101]–[102]); and the flat was held by them as legal joint tenants.

How did Mr and Mrs Subbarayan hold their interests in the Jln Membina Flat?

41 For the foregoing reasons at [32]–[40] above, I concluded that when the Jln
Membina Flat was acquired, it was likewise held by Mr and Mrs Subbarayan as
legal and beneficial joint tenants.

42 Mr Damodaran argued that because Mr Subbarayan had agreed for Mr Damodaran
to become a joint tenant merely three years after the purchase of the Jln
Membina Flat, Mr Subbarayan could not have intended for him (ie, Mr
Subbarayan) and Mrs Subbarayan to hold the property as beneficial joint
tenants. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 31.

This argument is unsound. On Mr Damodaran’s own case, it was only in November
2003 that there were discussions about his taking over the balance of the loan
and becoming a joint tenant; that was after the HDB had sent a final notice on
19 November 2003 about the housing loan being three months in arrears (for
September to November 2003). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, paras 8–9 and p 17.

This says nothing about Mr Subbarayan’s intentions at the time that he and Mrs
Subbarayan acquired the Jln Membina Flat in September 2001. Mr Damodaran did
not point to anything at the time the Jln Membina Flat was acquired to support
a finding that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan held their interest in it in a manner
different to how they had held their interest in the Lower Delta Flat.

43 Moreover, if Mr Damodaran were really arguing that Mr Subbarayan held his
beneficial interest in the Jln Membina Flat as an individual tenant in common,
the logical corollary is that Mr Subbarayan’s beneficial interest would have
formed part of his estate upon his death. But Mr Damodaran did not contend
that Mr Subbarayan’s beneficial interest had become part of his estate and
ought to be divided 50% to Mrs Subbarayan, 25% to Mr Damodaran and 25% to Ms
Tharumambal (who moreover was willing to have her share go to Mrs Subbarayan).
If Mr Damodaran only received 25% of Mr Subbarayan’s share, that would result
in Mr Damodaran getting less, and Mrs Subbarayan getting more, than the
distribution Mr Damodaran sought.

44 The question remains whether the circumstances in which Mr Damodaran was
added as a third joint tenant changed the manner in which Mr and Mrs
Subbarayan held their interest in the Jln Membina Flat. I now turn to this
issue.

What (if anything) was agreed between the parties when Mr Damodaran was added
as a third joint tenant?

45 According to Mr Damodaran, prior to his being added as a third joint tenant
of the Jln Membina Flat, Mr and Mrs Subbarayan had assured him “that [his]
interest in the Property [ie, the Jln Membina Flat] would be in the proportion
of [his] contribution and that the home would be for [himself] and [his]
immediate family to live in”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 9.

He elaborated that this assurance was made in the context of his wanting to
purchase an HDB flat of his own for himself, his wife, and his child, and that
Mr and Mrs Subbarayan had begged for his help in paying the mortgage
instalments for the Jln Membina Flat. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 9.

46 Mrs Subbarayan denied that there was such an agreement. She however
admitted that “[Mr Subbarayan] told [her] that [Mr Damodaran] had offered to
pay the mortgage instalments for the [Jln Membina Flat] since he and his
family had been staying together. [Mr Subbarayan] allowed [Mr Damodaran] to be
included as a third joint tenant and utilise his CPF to settle the outstanding
HDB loan”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 3, s/n 3.

47 Although Mrs Subbarayan denied the existence of any agreement as regards Mr
Damodaran’s interest in the Jln Membina Flat in proportion to his
contribution, she was “prepared to accept whatever apportionment this
Honourable Court deems just and fair based on our respective contributions”,
ie, her and Mr Damodaran’s contributions. The rider to this was that Mrs
Subbarayan contended that upon his death, Mr Subbarayan’s contributions ought
to be attributed to her solely. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, paras 25, 45 and 65.

48 Mrs Subbarayan thus did not deny that Mr Damodaran was entitled to an
interest in the Jln Membina Flat in proportion to his contribution, but her
position was that this would be because of a resulting trust, rather than
because of any agreement between the parties. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 70.

49 Did Mr and Mrs Subbarayan continue to hold their interest in the Jln
Membina Flat jointly when Mr Damodaran was added as a joint tenant? Or had Mr
Subbarayan, Mrs Subbarayan and Mr Damodaran become tenants in common in
respect of their beneficial interests in the Jln Membina Flat whilst being
legal joint tenants?

50 The agreement described by Mr Damodaran says nothing about how Mr and Mrs
Subbarayan would hold their interest(s) in the Jln Membina Flat: it only
addresses the interest which Mr Damodaran would acquire by contributing
towards Jln Membina Flat. As such, I find that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan continued
to hold their interest in the Jln Membina Flat jointly; Mr Damodaran then
became a third legal joint tenant (with a beneficial interest as a tenant in
common, in proportion to his contribution). Mr Damodaran rightly did not
contend that there had been any advancement from his parents to him merely
because they had added him as a third joint tenant; his case was that he would
only get a share proportionate to his contribution to the Jln Membina Flat.

51 The Court of Appeal in Low Yin Ni and another v Tay Yuan Wei Jaycie
(formerly known as Tay Yeng Choo Jessy) and another [2020] SGCA 58 (“Low Yin
Ni”) recognised (at [10]) that in equity, some co-owners may hold their
interests jointly as between each other (like the parents in that case), while
other co-owners hold individual shares (like the son and daughter-in-law in
that case). My conclusion here is in a similar vein: Mr and Mrs Subbarayan
held a beneficial interest in the Jln Membina Flat jointly, with Mr Damodaran
individually holding the remainder of the beneficial interest as a tenant in
common.

What happened to Mr Subbarayan’s beneficial interest in the Jln Membina Flat
upon his death?

52 From my finding that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan held their beneficial interest
in the Jln Membina Flat jointly, it follows that upon Mr Subbarayan’s death,
Mrs Subbarayan became the sole beneficial owner of that interest by
survivorship. Mrs Subbarayan and Mr Damodaran remained legal joint tenants
(until Mrs Subbarayan severed that joint tenancy in June 2019), and were
beneficial tenants in common with Mr Damodaran’s share being proportionate to
his contribution.

53 As such, I find that no part of Mr Subbarayan’s beneficial interest passed
to Mr Damodaran upon his death. Ironically, this is also supported by what Mr
Damodaran said about the circumstances in which he was added as a joint
tenant: “The process of including me as joint tenant instead of as a tenant-
in-common based on my individual contribution was out of convenience. As my
father did not buy the [Jln Membina Flat] as an investment but rather as a
home for his family (which included [Mrs Subbarayan], my wife, my children and
I) we never made plans to convert the joint tenancy into a tenancy-in-common
based on our respective contributions (even though that was the nature of our
agreement).” 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 10.

54 Given Mr Damodaran’s claim that the parties had intended to hold their
beneficial interests as a tenancy in common, it is unsurprising that he did
not assert that any part of Mr Subbarayan’s beneficial interest in the Jln
Membina Flat passed to him upon Mr Subbarayan’s death.

55 Mr Damodaran chose instead to ignore Mr Subbarayan’s beneficial interest
(and contribution) altogether, and to invite the court to apportion the Jln
Membina Flat solely with regard to what he (ie, Mr Damodaran) and Mrs
Subbarayan had individually contributed. As I said at [18] above, this was
wrong.

56 I now analyse the acquisition of the Jln Membina Flat, and what
contributions were made towards that by Mr and Mrs Subbarayan (on the one
hand) and Mr Damodaran (on the other hand). Given my finding that Mr and Mrs
Subbarayan continued to hold their interest in the Jln Membina Flat jointly,
Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s contributions can be aggregated for this purpose.

What were the costs of acquiring the Jln Membina Flat, and what were the
parties’ contributions?

57 I found that there were three components of acquisition costs:

(a) costs of the original purchase in September 2001;

(b) additional costs in September 2004 of adding Mr Damodaran as a joint
tenant and of his taking over the balance of the housing loan; and

(c) renovation costs in August to September 2001.

Costs of the original purchase

58 The HDB sales order shows that the Jln Membina Flat was purchased for the
sum of $336,200, plus stamp fees and other expenses of $910.75, thus amounting
to total fees and selling price of $337,110.75. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 14.

59 That sum of $337,110.75 was met as follows:

(a) $108,603.16 by the SERS contra from the compensation for the compulsory
acquisition of the Lower Delta Flat;

(b) $39,980.31 from Mr Subbarayan’s CPF account (after he had been refunded
$39,014.46 following the compulsory acquisition of the Lower Delta Flat);

(c) $13,027.28 from Mrs Subbarayan’s CPF account (after she had been refunded
$8,042.38 following the compulsory acquisition of the Lower Delta Flat); and

(d) the balance of $175,500 (after deducting the above payments totaling
$161,610.75) by Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s taking up a mortgage loan, repayable
in monthly instalments of $703.

60 Mr Subbarayan’s CPF withdrawal application form dated 22 August 2001 also
reflects a stamp fee of $5,600 and a conveyancing fee of $221.45, totaling
$5,821.45, which would have been paid from Mr Subbarayan’s CPF account. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 13 April 2020, p 153.

61 Adding the $337,110.75 payable to the HDB, to the additional fees of
$5,821.45 per Mr Subbarayan’s CPF withdrawal application form, the costs of
the original purchase total $342,932.20.

Additional costs when Mr Damodaran was added as a joint tenant

62 In connection with his being added as a joint tenant and taking over the
balance of the housing loan, Mr Damodaran’s CPF statement shows that he
withdrew $574.55 to pay for valuation/stamp/legal fees; 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 13 April 2020, p 156.

Mrs Subbarayan’s CPF statement shows that she withdrew $206.85 to pay for
valuation/stamp/legal fees. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 47.

The additional costs were thus $574.55 + $206.85 = $781.40.

63 The HDB Transfer System – Financial Plan document dated 21 June 2004, for
completion on 1 September 2004, reflects an intended lump sum payment of
$161,049.21 and a new loan of $10,800 to be paid in monthly instalments of
$193. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, p 32.

Mr Damodaran’s CPF withdrawal application form dated 12 July 2004 indicates
that he would withdraw $160,600 towards partial loan repayment (exclusive of
fees), and that he would meet the monthly loan instalments of $193. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, p 33.

Mrs Subbarayan’s CPF withdrawal application form dated 12 July 2004 indicates
that she would withdraw $449.21 towards partial loan repayment (exclusive of
fees). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, p 34.

64 The partial loan repayment amounts of $160,600 plus $449.21 totaling
$161,049.21 match the same figure reflected in the HDB documentation as the
intended lump sum payment upon completion on 1 September 2004.

65 By the time Mr Damodaran was added as a third joint tenant, taking into
account the partial loan repayment of $449.21 from Mrs Subbarayan’s CPF
account, the mortgage loan would have been reduced from the original loan
amount of $175,500 to $171,400 (which would be met by the intended lump sum
payment of $160,600 from Mr Damodaran’s CPF account, and the new loan of
$10,800). Mr and Mrs Subbarayan had thus contributed $4,100 in terms of
reducing the original mortgage loan from $175,500 to $171,400.

66 It was intended that Mr Damodaran would pay for the new loan of $10,800
from his CPF account, and the loan was paid off accordingly.

67 From the above, I consider Mr Damodaran’s contribution to be $171,974.55,
comprising:

(a) $160,600 towards the lump sum payment for the discharge of the original
mortgage loan;

(b) $10,800 in relation to the new mortgage loan which he paid for; and

(c) $574.55 in valuation/stamp/legal fees which were paid from Mr Damodaran’s
CPF account.

68 There is a difference between the balance of the original housing loan that
Mr Damodaran was to take over ($171,400) and the figure of $171,783.66
reflected in his CPF statement as having been withdrawn for “payment for
lumpsum and housing loan”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 13 April 2020, p 156.

That difference of $383.66 would be due to the interest he paid on the new
housing loan of $10,800 as he paid it off in monthly instalments of $193.

69 It is more accurate to use the principal sum of $171,400 rather than the
sum of $171,783.66 inclusive of interest in reckoning Mr Damodaran’s
contribution. I have likewise not included any interest paid by Mr and Mrs
Subbarayan on the original housing loan, in the course of their reducing the
principal amount due by $4,100 from $175,500 to $171,400, ie, their
contribution in this regard would be $4,100 and not $4,100 plus interest.
Moreover, the other payments totaling $161,610.75 made by them at the time of
purchase, and the additional $206.85 in fees paid from Mrs Subbarayan’s CPF
account in 2004, were lump sum payments with no element of interest.

70 If interest were included, that would mean that Mr Damodaran could get a
greater share in the Jln Membina Flat by paying off the balance of $171,400 by
way of a long-term loan, rather than by making a lump sum payment for all or
much of the balance. It cannot be right that the more interest he paid, the
greater his share would be. This would also not be consistent with the
discussions in 2003–2004 on Mr Damodaran paying off the balance of the housing
loan – that balance was around half of the cost of acquiring the Jln Membina
Flat (leaving aside the issue of renovation costs), and the parties could not
have intended that Mr Damodaran would get a share exceeding that proportion,
just because of interest that he might pay in the years to come.

71 Excluding interest in ascertaining contributions is also consistent with “…
the orthodox conception of the resulting trust as a trust which crystallises
at the time the property is acquired” (Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne
and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 (“Su Emmanuel”) at [87] on Lau Siew Kim ([32]
supra) at [112]–[113] and [117]), as well as the proposition in Su Emmanuel at
[89] that “… it is correct to analyse the position by reference to the
responsibility that is undertaken by each party for loan repayments at the
time the property is acquired”.

72 Excluding interest is correct on a resulting trust analysis, and it would
also be consonant with the parties’ intentions here. It is likely that there
was some agreement or understanding to the effect that Mr Damodaran would get
a share in the Jln Membina Flat proportionate to his financial contribution
towards it, in particular, his taking over the balance of the housing loan.
The original mortgage was accordingly discharged. But he could not “grow” that
share by paying interest on whatever new loan amount he chose to take up.

73 Mr Damodaran also claimed that he had been the one paying for the monthly
loan instalments for the whole period from September 2001 until August 2003
(ie, for 24 months, totaling $16,872). His first affidavit was however
inconsistent on this; at paragraph 7, he claimed to have paid the monthly loan
instalments until August 2003, but at paragraph 8 he said that he had stopped
paying in July 2003. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, paras 7–8.

His claim is also contracted by Mr Subbarayan’s CPF withdrawal application
form dated 22 August 2001, which includes the loan instalment for the first
month (for September 2001) in the amount to be withdrawn. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 13 April 2020, p 153.

74 Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s bank books also show that they had enough savings
to meet the monthly loan repayments from September 2001 until August 2003
(totaling $16,872), from September to November 2003 (totaling $2,109), and
beyond. As regards their joint account, from September 2001 to the end of
2004, the balance never fell below $13,692.25 (which it was on 10 November
2001, shortly thereafter rising above $20,000 with the deposit of the cheque
for $10,056.19 from the HDB on 20 December 2001). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, p 16.

For Mr Subbarayan’s sole account, the balance remained above $24,000 at all
times from 18 June 2003 to 20 March 2004. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, p 37.

Besides their bank balances, Mr Subbarayan also continued to work, earning
some $1,200 (according to Mrs Subbarayan) or $700 (according to Mr Damodaran)
in monthly income. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 3, s/n 2 and para 6;
Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 6.

75 Mr and Mrs Subbarayan were able to pay the monthly loan instalments for the
whole period from September 2001 until the time that the HDB issued a final
notice dated 19 November 2003 about the housing loan being three months in
arrears (for September to November 2003). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 17.

Mrs Subbarayan suggested that the default on the loan repayments for that
period might simply have been an oversight. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 3, s/n 2.

Whatever the reason for the loan falling into arrears, it was not that Mr and
Mrs Subbarayan were unable to pay.

76 On the back of his assertion that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan were unable to pay
the mortgage instalments, Mr Damodaran claimed that they had begged for his
help to pay the mortgage instalments. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 9.

But his assertion that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan were cash-strapped is unfounded,
and I reject Mr Damodaran’s claim that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan had begged him to
help pay the mortgage instalments.

77 I do not accept his assertion that he had paid the instalments from
September 2001 to July/August 2003 either. This assertion is likewise based on
the premise that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan could not afford the monthly loan
instalments of $703. At least the instalment for the first month (for
September 2001) would have been paid by Mr Subbarayan (from his CPF account),
and Mr and Mrs Subbarayan had enough funds to meet the subsequent monthly loan
repayments. But if Mr Damodaran had paid the monthly loan instalments, he
would not thereby acquire any share in the Jln Membina Flat – a flat of which
he was not one of the registered owners at that time. Mr Damodaran did not
argue that any such payments had been made pursuant to an agreement,
understanding or expectation that he would thereby get a share in the Jln
Membina Flat. The only such agreement that he asserted was arrived at in
November 2003 (pursuant to which he became a joint tenant and assumed
responsibility for the balance of the mortgage loan). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 9.

On the principles in Lau Siew Kim ([32] supra) and Su Emmanuel ([71] supra)
discussed at [71] above, the mere fact that mortgage loan instalments are paid
by a party does not mean a resulting trust arises in that party’s favour.
Analysing the position by reference to the responsibility that was undertaken
by each party for loan repayments at the time the Jln Membina Flat was
acquired, that responsibility rested on Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s shoulders (see
Su Emmanuel at [89] and Lau Siew Kim at [112]–[113] and [115]–[117]).

78 For completeness, there was some controversy over the completion date, ie,
when exactly Mr Damodaran became a third joint tenant. This ultimately did not
matter to my decision, but I will briefly state my conclusion on it. Mr
Damodaran first claimed to have become a joint tenant on 12 December 2003, and
to have paid $147,737.22 towards discharging the original mortgage loan then.
59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 11.

He relied on the HDB Transfer System – Financial Plan document dated 12
December 2003, but that document reflects the intended completion date as 1
February 2004. The figure of $147,737.22 also includes the loan instalment of
$95 for the first month, for a loan of $22,600 to commence on 1 February 2004.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 18.

79 The HDB however confirmed in an email of 30 March 2020 that although an
application to add Mr Damodaran as a joint tenant was first made on 29
November 2003 and completion had been set for 1 February 2004, due to certain
issues completion did not take place as scheduled, and the application was
cancelled on 15 April 2004. The HDB stated that another application was then
made on 10 June 2004 and that “[t]ransfer of ownership was finalised on 9 July
2004.” 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 13 April 2020, p 157.

Latching on to that, Mr Damodaran then claimed that in July 2004 he had become
a joint tenant and fully paid the outstanding mortgage loan, and maintained
that the bulk of the loan had been paid by him on 12 December 2003. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 13 April 2020, para 10.

This was however contradicted by the CPF application for withdrawal forms
dated 12 July 2004 (which are subsequent to the date of 9 July 2004 mentioned
by the HDB), 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, pp 33–34.

which show that completion was scheduled for 1 September 2004 – which is also
the date stated by the HDB in the Flat Information particulars provided on 1
June 2020. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Additional Documents, p 1.

Moreover, the CPF application for withdrawal forms show that Mr Damodaran did
not pay “the bulk of the [original mortgage] loan”, or indeed anything on 12
December 2003. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, pp 33–34.

12 December 2003 was merely the date of the earlier (and superseded) HDB
Transfer System – Financial Plan document, with a stated completion date of 1
February 2004 (when, in the event, completion did not happen).

Renovation costs

80 The Court of Appeal accepted in Lau Siew Kim ([32] supra) at [126] that “…
contributions to the cost of repairs or renovation of a property may be
relevant when computing a party’s contribution to the purchase price of
property” [emphasis in original] and that “… where a property is redeveloped
closely after purchase and where its value is increased by the redevelopment,
contributions to the costs of redevelopment can be relevant in determining the
respective proportion of contributions to the purchase price of the property
for the purposes of a presumption of resulting trust” [emphasis in original].

81 Mr Damodaran asserted that he had spent more than $100,000 on renovations
and the purchase of furniture and furnishings. He claimed that a sum of
$30,000 was made available from the HDB for renovations as part of the SERS
package, and that Mr Subbarayan had contributed $10,000 towards renovation.
Curiously, he also said that the sum of $30,000 from the HDB “became part of
the mortgage loan thereafter”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 13.

82 Mrs Subbarayan agreed that a sum of $30,000 was made available by the HDB
for renovations. She stated that this sum was received by cheque, and that Mr
Subbarayan had made withdrawals totaling $40,000 from their joint bank
account, which sum was then handed to Mr Damodaran. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 3, s/n 4; para 11; and
p 16.

83 There was no documentation showing that the HDB had made available the sum
of $30,000 for renovations. The HDB’s letter of 30 August 2001 in relation to
the compulsory acquisition of the Lower Delta Flat states the total
compensation as $164,000 with the following breakdown, which does not reflect
any sum of $30,000 for renovations: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, pp 15–16.

Description| Amount  
---|---  
CPF Refund (to Mr Subbarayan’s account)| $39,297.40  
CPF Refund (to Mrs Subbarayan’s account)| $6,043.25  
Contra of Commitment Deposit (for the Jln Membina Flat)| $108,603.16  
Balance Compensation| $10,056.19  
  
84 The joint account bank book also has no entry showing the deposit of a
$30,000 cheque (whereas it does show the deposit of the cheque for the balance
compensation of $10,056.19 on 20 December 2001). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, pp 15–16.

There is also nothing to show that the $30,000 supposedly made available by
the HDB for renovations then formed part of the mortgage loan amount. The HDB
documentation simply shows that the mortgage loan amount of $175,500 was the
$337,110.75 in total fees and selling price, less the $161,610.75 in payments
made at the time of completion. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 14.

There is no additional sum of $30,000 that somehow found its way into the
mortgage loan.

85 It was however common ground that Mr Damodaran had access to funds of
$40,000 (other than his own money) for renovations. He acknowledged that
$10,000 of that came from Mr Subbarayan, but asserted that the remaining
$30,000 came from the HDB. Mrs Subbarayan’s position was that all of the
$40,000 had come from her and Mr Subbarayan’s joint bank account, and she
pointed to withdrawals of $20,000 on 25 August 2001, $10,000 on 29 September
2001, and $10,000 on 10 November 2001. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, p 16.

This was in the same period that renovations were undertaken and paid for. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, pp 20–26.

86 On this point, I accept Mrs Subbarayan’s evidence that the $40,000 which Mr
Damodaran had access to for renovations came from her and Mr Subbarayan. It
does not appear that $30,000 of the $40,000 came from the HDB in relation to
the compulsory acquisition of the Lower Delta Flat, but even if that were the
case, it would properly be attributed to Mr and Mrs Subbarayan. Furthermore,
the $30,000 did not find its way into the mortgage loan, so Mr Damodaran could
not claim that contribution as his despite his taking over the balance of the
housing loan.

87 From the documents, it appears that $35,520 was incurred in renovation
expenses: under a contract with Hong Seng Air-Con & Electrical Pte Ltd for
$2,650 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 21.

and three with Heico Enterprises for $28,230, $1,990, and $2,650 (the Heico
Enterprises amounts match the figures in Mr Damodaran’s handwritten
calculations). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, pp 19 and 23–26.

Mr Damodaran’s handwritten calculations also listed other costs and payments,
for which he did not have supporting documents. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 19.

Those alleged payments may have been for electrical appliances, furniture and
the like, rather than renovations that increased the value of the Jln Membina
Flat (see Lau Siew Kim ([32] supra) at [126]). I regarded the items purchased
under the invoice from Gokulam Jewels & Crafts for $2,500 as belonging to the
former; 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 20.

moreover, the invoice appeared to be addressed to Mr and Mrs Subbarayan, and
Mrs Subbarayan said that Ms Tharumambal had signed and paid for that purchase
(Ms Tharumambal’s signature appeared to be on the invoice under “customer
signature”). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 3, s/n 4; Mr
Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 20.

88 In his second affidavit, Mr Damodaran put forward various other receipts
and invoices in the period from 2007 to 2018 amounting to $2,682.66. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 13 April 2020, pp 27–32.

I found those to come too late in the day to count as contributions to the
acquisition of the Jln Membina Flat. Moreover, they appeared to be for items
such as a fan, a microwave oven, a shoe rack, and a cabinet; there was thus an
issue as to whether they should be regarded as having increased the value of
the Jln Membina Flat in any event (see Lau Siew Kim ([32] supra) at [126]).

89 According to Mr Damodaran, his handwritten calculations showed that $56,394
had been incurred by him in the August to October 2001 period. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, p 19.

He submitted that that should be the figure for renovation expenses if the
court were minded to only accept those expenses made closely after the
purchase of the Jln Membina Flat, although he estimated that he had in fact
spent in the region of $60,000. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 47.

That $60,000 figure stood in some contrast to his original claim to have spent
over $100,000 on renovations, furniture and furnishings, of which he said
$10,000 was contributed by Mr Subbarayan, $30,000 came from the HDB, and the
balance of over $60,000 would have come from Mr Damodaran himself. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 3 February 2020, para 13.

90 On the evidence, the figure I accept as renovation expenses counting as a
contribution to the acquisition of the Jln Membina Flat, is $35,520.

91 As I find that Mr and Mrs Subbarayan had given Mr Damodaran $40,000 from
their joint account for such expenses, it follows that the renovation expenses
of $35,520 were entirely paid for by Mr and Mrs Subbarayan.

92 In arguing that his contribution towards renovation costs should count
towards his share in the Jln Membina Flat, Mr Damodaran relied on Lee Hwee
Khim Rosalind v Lee Sai Khim and others [2011] SGHC 64 (“Rosalind Lee”) for
the proposition that contributions made prior to a party being registered as a
co-owner, can count towards that party’s share in the property. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, paras 48–49.

In view of my finding in the preceding paragraph that the renovation expenses
had been paid for entirely by Mr and Mrs Subbarayan, Rosalind Lee does not
help Mr Damodaran.

93 In any event, I do not regard Rosalind Lee to stand for the proposition
advanced by Mr Damodaran. There, one Lee Siew Kim (“LSK”) was registered as a
joint tenant of a flat some ten years after it had been purchased, but she had
moved in from the start, contributed about $100 a month towards the monthly
payments and utility bills of the flat, and bought most of the furniture and
fixtures. To enable her registration as a joint tenant, LSK paid $13,288.61
out of her CPF account towards the discharge of the existing mortgage.
Thereafter, LSK severed the tenancy, and that severance was disputed.

94 The court found that LSK had a beneficial interest in the flat and applied
the rule that severance of a beneficial joint tenancy results in a beneficial
tenancy in common in equal shares. The court stated at [23] that LSK had a
beneficial interest in the flat as a joint tenant “… which she acquired
through the payment of $13,288.61, and the other payments she alluded to”.
However, it would have sufficed to refer to the payment of $13,288.61, since
the court did not have to determine the parties’ exact contributions in order
to work out their proportionate shares in the flat. The case is also
distinguishable in that the purchase of the flat was LSK’s idea in the first
place (see Rosalind Lee at [10]), and there was some agreement to the effect
that she would become an owner of the flat one day (see Rosalind Lee at
[5]–[6], [15] and [19]).

Other contributions

95 Mr Damodaran also claimed to have paid towards utilities, service and
conservancy charges and property tax from 2001 to date. He asked that these be
taken into account in calculating his share of the Jln Membina Flat. In
submissions, however, his counsel acknowledged that given the decision in Lau
Siew Kim ([32] supra) at [114] that only “direct contributions” to the
purchase price would be taken into account, he would accept it if the court
were not inclined to accept those payments as part of the contributions for
the purpose of a resulting trust. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 56.

96 Indeed, on the principles in Lau Siew Kim ([32] supra), I did not regard
those payments as contributions to the acquisition of the Jln Membina Flat
such that Mr Damodaran’s share in it might thereby increase.

From the costs incurred and contributions made, what are the parties’ shares
in the Jln Membina Flat?

97 In sum, the costs of the acquisition of the Jln Membina Flat were as
follows:

Costs incurred| Amount  
---|---  
Original purchase costs in 2001| $342,932.20  
Additional costs in 2004| $781.40  
Renovations between August and September 2001| $35,520  
Total| $379,233.60  
  
98 As I stated at [67] above, I regarded Mr Damodaran’s contributions to
amount to $171,974.55.

99 The rest of the costs of acquisition were met by Mr and Mrs Subbarayan (or
either of them); given my finding that Mr Subbarayan held his beneficial
interest in the Jln Membina Flat jointly with Mrs Subbarayan and that she
became solely entitled to that interest upon Mr Subbarayan’s death, it follows
that any contributions by Mr Subbarayan, as well as any joint contributions by
Mr and Mr Subbarayan, can now be attributed to Mrs Subbarayan.

100 On the basis of the above, Mr Damodaran’s share would be $171,974.55 /
$379,233.60 = 45.35%, and Mrs Subbarayan’s share would be the remaining
54.65%.

101 Mrs Subbarayan contended that in reckoning the parties’ shares in the Jln
Membina Flat, instead of using the cost of acquisition, I should instead
consider the market value of the Jln Membina Flat on 1 September 2004 (ie, at
the time that Mr Damodaran was added as a joint tenant). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, paras 27(b), 28, 43, 44
and 69.

That would increase her share in the Jln Membina Flat and correspondingly
decrease Mr Damodaran’s share, for she would then be regarded as having
contributed to the market value of the Jln Membina Flat (which was said to be
higher in 2004 than its original sale price in 2001), whereas Mr Damodaran
would be regarded as having merely contributed the dollar value of the
payments that he made (or took responsibility for) in 2004. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 79.

102 I did not think this approach was correct. First, it was unsupported by
authority. In cases where some of the parties became co-owners later, and they
did not all make contributions at the same time, our courts have not reckoned
the earlier parties’ contributions in terms of market value when the later
parties came into the picture – see, eg, Low Yin Ni ([51] supra) at [10] and
BUE and another v TZQ and another [2019] 3 SLR 1022 at [18]. In principle,
though, it is possible that considerations of market value might feature in
determining the intention of the parties. So, eg, if a property were purchased
by X for $1m, and 20 years later it was worth $10m with X still owing $500,000
on a mortgage loan, if X joined Y as a co-owner on the basis that Y would take
responsibility for paying off the balance $500,000 of the mortgage loan, X
might well contend that the parties only intended for Y to get a 5% share in
the property, and not a 50% share in it.

103 In the present case, however, Mrs Subbarayan did not argue for any such
common intention; instead, she denied that there was any agreement about Mr
Damodaran getting a share in the Jln Membina Flat in connection with his
taking over the balance of the mortgage loan. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 3, s/n 3.

Mrs Subbarayan’s argument was, rather, that a resulting trust analysis should
be based on market value, and not cost. I did not agree with this, having
regard to the authorities’ focus on contributions to the acquisition of the
property, ie, to its cost.

104 Using the market value would also be at odds with the discussions and
agreement amongst the parties that led to Mr Damodaran being added as a joint
tenant. It did not seem that the market value of the Jln Membina Flat had
featured in those discussions; indeed, there was no evidence that the parties
had the market value of the Jln Membina Flat in mind at the time that Mr
Damodaran was added as a joint tenant and took over the balance of the housing
loan.

105 I also noted that in the schedule of assets filed by Ms Tharumambal in
court on 6 July 2005 in DCP 700/2005K in applying for letters of
administration for Mr Subbarayan’s estate, she had declared his one-third
share in the Jln Membina Flat at a market value of $129,666.66, ie, the Jln
Membina Flat was said to have a market value of roughly $389,000. That is not
far from the figure of $379,233.60 which I have arrived at as the total cost
of acquisition.

106 In Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit, she put forward an estimated market value
of the Jln Membina Flat of $450,000 at the time of transfer; in her
submissions, the figure put forward was $505,000. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 44.

The higher figure was based on a sale of another HDB flat in the Bukit Merah
area that was launched in 2001; that sale was approved in September 2004. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 43; Defendant’s
Bundle of Authorities, p 6.

But that flat appeared to be a larger one at 121m2, as compared to the Jln
Membina Flat at 110m2; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Additional Documents, p 1.

another transaction of a 115m2 flat (also launched in 2001) that was approved
in July 2004, was at the resale price of $430,000. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities, p 5.

I did not think I had sufficient information to determine the market value of
the Jln Membina Flat as of 1 September 2004, if I were inclined to go down
that road (and I was not).

Equitable accounting

107 In her written submissions, Mrs Subbarayan contended that Mr Damodaran’s
contribution should be reduced by $4,480 (ie, the $40,000 which had gone to
him from Mr and Mrs Subbarayan’s joint account, less the $35,520 which had
been spent on renovations). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 76.

108 I did not agree with this. It would mean that the parties’ contributions
then would not add up to the cost of acquiring the Jln Membina Flat. Even if
Mr Damodaran had received $40,000 from Mr and Mrs Subbarayan but only spent
$35,520 on renovations, that should not reduce his contributions to the
acquisition of the Jln Membina Flat (which he had made from his CPF account,
and by taking on responsibility for a $10,800 mortgage loan).

109 In oral submissions, counsel for Mrs Subbarayan clarified that Mrs
Subbarayan was not asking that equitable accounting be used to adjust the
parties’ entitlements to the Jln Membina Flat; she was merely asking that Mr
Damodaran pay her what would be appropriate on such accounting.

110 The Court of Appeal discussed the principles of equitable accounting in Su
Emmanuel ([71] supra) at [95]–[105]. At [95] of Su Emmanuel, the court
explained that equitable accounting should not be understood as a rigid
process; it is instead a process where the court endeavours to do “broad
justice or equity as between co-owners”. Two possible justifications for
equitable accounting are: (a) a right of contribution which is an incident of
one discharging another’s obligation, or (b) that payment by one co-owner has
increased the value of the property and the other co-owner should make an
allowance for that in taking the benefit of the property’s increased value
(see Su Emmanuel at [97]–[101]).

111 The excess payment of $4,480 does not seem to fall within the principles
of equitable accounting – Mr and Mrs Subbarayan did not thereby discharge any
obligation which Damodaran ought to have contributed towards, nor did the
payment increase the value of the property.

112 In any event, on the facts I did not consider that Mr Damodaran should be
required to account for the sum of $4,480. Although I found that that sum did
not go towards renovations, Mr Damodaran appeared to have spent at least
$2,682.66 on furniture, furnishings, electrical appliances and the like. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Mr Damodaran’s affidavit dated 13 April 2020, pp 27–32.

Moreover, Mrs Subbarayan accepted that Mr Damodaran had paid for property tax,
service and conservancy charges, and utilities from October 2004 onwards, save
that she had paid for property tax for 2020. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 12; Defendant’s Bundle
of Documents, pp 1–7; Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para
23.

In all, Mr Damodaran would have spent more than the sum of $4,480 for the
benefit of those living in the Jln Membina Flat. Looking at the matter in the
round, I did not think that any accounting as between Mr Damodaran and Mrs
Subbarayan was necessary.

113 I say this also to Mrs Subbarayan’s suggestion that Mr Damodaran should be
charged an occupation rent on account of his supposedly unequal enjoyment of
the Jln Membina Flat. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit dated 19 February 2020, para 22.

This was premised on Mr Damodaran’s family unit (comprising Mr Damodaran, his
wife, and their two children) occupying more of the Jln Membina Flat than Mrs
Subbarayan. But Mr Damodaran’s wife was also Mrs Subbarayan’s daughter-in-law,
Mr Damodaran’s children were also Mrs Subbarayan’s grandchildren, and Mr
Damodaran was Mrs Subbarayan’s son. Mr Damodaran had stayed with his parents
all along, his wife did too when they got married, and his children had
followed suit since their birth. No issue was ever raised about charging Mr
Damodaran rent, until that was raised for the first time in these proceedings.
As things transpired, Mr Damodaran became a co-owner of the Jln Membina Flat
and contributed substantially to its acquisition. It would be wrong to charge
Mr Damodaran rent on account of him, his wife, and his children staying in the
Jln Membina Flat together with Mrs Subbarayan. This was not an extreme case
like In re Pavlou [1993] 1 WLR 1046 where one co-owner was in sole occupation
of the property, and equitable accounting was thus held (at 1048 and 1050) to
be justified.

114 In Mrs Subbarayan’s affidavit, she had referred to such rent, and the
$200/month she claimed to have contributed towards the household’s marketing
expenses every month, in response to Mr Damodaran referring to his payments
towards property tax, service and conservancy charges, and utilities. But I
have not regarded those payments by Mr Damodaran as contributions that affect
his share of the Jln Membina Flat.

115 In any event, whether in relation to the excess payment of $4,480 that Mr
Damodaran had received from Mr and Mrs Subbarayan, the occupation rent which
Mrs Subbarayan contended Mr Damodaran was now liable for, or the marketing
expenses that Mrs Subbarayan claimed to have paid for, the facts show that
these payments had been made with the intention of benefitting everyone who
stayed in the Jln Membina Flat. In Su Emmanuel ([71] supra) at [105], the
Court of Appeal made the following observations as to when equitable
accounting may not be called in aid in the context of mortgage repayments:

In our judgment, the extent to which each party is expected to contribute to
mortgage repayments will largely depend on the common understanding or
agreement between the parties at the time the mortgage is taken out. … If
there is a material departure from that common understanding, and one party
repays more of the mortgage than was initially envisaged, then equitable
accounting may be brought into play, unless it is shown that at the time the
mortgage repayments were made, the payor had the intention to benefit the
other co-owners. This follows from the fact that the basis underlying the
remedy of equitable accounting is a notional request to contribute so as to
restore the parties to what had been their common understanding at the time
the mortgage was taken out; but if the evidence is that the payor intended to
benefit the other co-owners, there would be no room for any such notional
request for contribution to be inferred. In these circumstances, equity will
not require a co-owner to contribute.

[emphasis in original]

116 Although the Court of Appeal’s observations were made in the context of
mortgage repayments, I see no reason why they should not apply with equal
force to the various payments that Mrs Subbarayan sought equitable accounting
for. There was no common understanding as to who should bear those expenses,
and equitable accounting would thus be inappropriate.

117 It is understandable that Mrs Subbarayan would be upset about these
proceedings having been brought by Mr Damodaran, the claims he made, and the
positions he took. But I did not consider an accounting as between the parties
to be warranted. It was submitted on Mrs Subbarayan’s behalf that anything Mr
Damodaran had done for her on account of his filial duty should not be the
subject matter of computation of contribution or equitable accounting. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 10 June 2020, para 25.

I agree; but the same would apply to what Mrs Subbarayan had done for her son,
her daughter-in-law and her grandchildren, on account of their being her
family members and living under one roof with her.

118 In a family, there must be room for give and take, and it would be a sad
day if every cent had to be accounted for.

Conclusion

119 For the reasons above, I hold that Mr Damodaran has a 45.35% share in the
Jln Membina Flat and that Mrs Subbarayan has a 54.65% share. I will hear the
parties on costs.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner

Nadia Ui Mhuimhneachain (August Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

N K Anitha (Island Law LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

