Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 249

Suit No 897 of 2019 (Registrar’s Appeal No 166 of 2020)

Between

| Tecnomar & Associates Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| SBM Offshore N V  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Service] — [Out of jurisdiction] — [Material non-
disclosure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tecnomar & Associates Pte Ltd

  
v

  

SBM Offshore N V

[2020] SGHC 249

High Court — Suit No 897 of 2019 (Registrar’s Appeal No 166 of 2020)  
Andre Maniam JC  
25 August 2020

11 November 2020

Andre Maniam JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff applied ex parte and obtained leave to serve process on the
defendant out of jurisdiction. The defendant then successfully applied to set
aside the ex parte order allowing service, and the service that had been
effected. The learned assistant registrar (the “AR”) found that: (a) there was
material non-disclosure in the plaintiff’s ex parte application, which
justified setting aside the order and the service; and (b) the plaintiff did
not have a good arguable case under Order 11 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). The plaintiff appealed against the AR’s decision.

2 Before me, counsel for the plaintiff accepted that there had been material
non-disclosure (see [122] below). But he contended that the plaintiff
nevertheless had a good arguable case on the facts, all of which were now
before the court, and that the court should exercise its discretion to let the
ex parte order, and the service, stand.

3 I however agreed with the AR and dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal. The
plaintiff has appealed against my decision, and these are my grounds.

Background

The plaintiff’s case

4 The plaintiff is a Singaporean company. The defendant, a publicly-listed
company incorporated in the Netherlands, is the holding company of the “SBM
Offshore” group of companies, as stated in the defendant’s annual report. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Mr Paul David Hopkins (“Mr Hopkins”) dated 10 October 2019, pages
13, 23-28

5 The plaintiff’s claim against the defendant was for breach of contract for
services rendered to the “Yetagun FSO” (the “Vessel”), a floating storage and
offloading (“FSO”) unit, the plaintiff having undertaken the tank cleaning of
the Vessel. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“Amended SOC”) paras 3-27

6 The plaintiff claimed a contract between it and the defendant had been
formed by an exchange of correspondence – specifically 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Amended SOC paras 7, 9

that the plaintiff’s quote in an e-mail of 10 April 2018 at 11.20pm (the “10
April Quote”) 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Thomas Chapman (“Mr Chapman”) dated 15 November 2019, pages
227-228; Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019 pages 46-60

was accepted by an e-mail of 17 April 2018 at 11.56am (the “17 April E-mail”)
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019, page 70

.

7 The plaintiff relied on the terms in the 10 April Quote, particularly clause
12. The Vessel had high levels of mercury, and clause 12 provided that in such
an event, the plaintiff was to be indemnified and the contract was to be
amended to take the appropriate remedial action.

8 After obtaining leave of court on 11 October 2019, the plaintiff effected
service on the defendant in the Netherlands on 30 October 2019, and the
defendant entered appearance on 4 November 2019. The plaintiff’s position then
was that the contract included six appendices, namely, Appendix 1 to Appendix
6.

9 The plaintiff however then amended its Statement of Claim (“SOC”) on 25
November 2019 to delete reference to Appendix 6: see paragraph 9 of the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (the “Amended SOC”).

The defendant’s case

10 The defendant denied the existence of any contract between it and the
plaintiff. The defendant said that it was instead another company in the SBM
Offshore group, South East Shipping Co Ltd (“SES”), that had contracted with
the plaintiff. SES was a subsidiary of the defendant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019, pages 23-28 at page 25, S/No 12

Correspondence and discussions until the 17 April E-mail

11 On 30 March 2018, a Request for Quotation (“RFQ”) was sent by one Lee Sok
Ling (“Ms Lee”) to the plaintiff’s Paul Hopkins (“Mr Hopkins”), for “FSO
Yetagun tank cleaning prior to recycling”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 42-127

12 Ms Lee used the e-mail address SokLing.Lee@sbmoffshore.com. Her e-mail
reflected her designation as “Supply Chain Buyer”, had a “SBM Offshore” logo,
and had a reference to the www.sbmoffshore.com website. It was copied to
Carolina.Fonzar@sbmoffshore.com, the e-mail address of Carolina Fonzar dos
Santos (“Ms Fonzar”), who was a Unit Operations Manager. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 129, 271

13 Mr Hopkins replied on 6 April 2018 and attached the plaintiff’s
“Technical/Commercial proposal”, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 128-226

which the plaintiff referred to as the “6 April Quote”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Amended SOC para 6

The 6 April Quote referred to four appendices. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 226

14 The plaintiff amended the 6 April Quote on 10 April 2018, thereby producing
the “10 April Quote” 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019, pages 46-60

(see paragraph 7 of the Amended SOC). The 10 April Quote referred to five
appendices, the fifth of which (Port Agency and Crew Formalities) was included
in an e-mail sent by Mr Hopkins on 10 April 2018 at 12.59pm. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 229

The 10 April Quote was then attached to Mr Hopkins’ e-mail of 10 April 2018,
11.20pm. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 227-228

15 On 11 April 2018 at 3.40pm, Ms Fonzar e-mailed Mr Hopkins seeking some
clarifications. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 227

The fourth of these was: “Will Tecnomar provide any contract to SBM or should
it be done under a PO only? If you have a contract, would you please provide
its draft?” Mr Fonzar e-mailed again that day (11 April 2018 at 6pm) 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 235

to say:

Dear Paul

Just one additional info, SBM is considering to make the work with you.

We are still evaluating our options but we are tending to go for your
proposal.

If you can provide the draft of contract that you use to offer, I will
appreciate and already share with my supply chain.

Thank you

16 On 12 April 2018, Mr Hopkins replied by e-mail to Ms Fonzar. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 244-263

He attached the plaintiff’s “DRAFT Standard Terms and Conditions (Appendix 6)”
for her review and comments. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 244, 255-263

He also provided clarifications in an attached “Annex 1”, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 244, 253-254

which referred to the draft Appendix 6; the fourth clarification in Annex 1
reads as follows:

Q. Will Tecnomar provide any contract to SBM or should it be done under a PO
only? If you have a contract, would you please provide its draft?

A. In this specific case and with the involvement of a 3rd party entity, ie
the Shipyard, we will be operating at their facility and shall extend the
Shipyard Standard Terms and Conditions, modified to suit this particular
agreement.

The Terms and Conditions of the agreement we will attach to our Technical and
Commercial submission as an appendix (appendix 6) and subsequently shall be
happy for SBM to issue TECNOMAR with a Purchase Order to carry out the work.
Please find attached our first draft Terms and Conditions for your early
review and approval.

17 Ms Fonzar replied on the same day, 12 April 2018, to say (among other
things): 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 264

…

I have shared the T&C with the supply chain for review.

Attached you have SBM standard terms and conditions, it is tailored for
offshore work.

…

Your quotation is valid for 7 days. Would be possible to have it extended for
other 7 days?

18 The “standard terms and conditions” Ms Fonzar referred to are titled,
“Purchase Order General Terms And Conditions” (“PO General T&C”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 296-303

19 There was then further correspondence between Ms Lee, Ms Fonzar and Mr
Hopkins on 12 and 13 April 2018. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 307-309

20 On 16 April 2018, Ms Fonzar e-mailed three further questions to Mr Hopkins
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 306-307

and Mr Hopkins duly replied. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 305-306

21 In her 17 April E-mail to Mr Hopkins, Ms Fonzar referred to Mr Hopkins’
e-mail of 16 April 2018. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019, page 70

The plaintiff argues that its 10 April Quote was accepted by the 17 April
E-mail, in which Ms Fonzar said:

Dear Paul

Thank you for the reply.

I am working on the PO issuance today to Tecnomar. Due to the value, I have to
get many approvals in my internal process.

I will try to expedite the process and have it delivered to you latest
tomorrow.

Just for formality, I am confirming that the working is being awarded to
Tecnomar.

Just for update, the unit should be already free of its mooring lines but we
had some delays for the mooring line disconnection, which is already the last
phase of the disconnection.

Soon the vessel will be out of the email range.

Would you be able to provide a list of documents required to clear the vessel
at its arrival?

Thank you

22 There was further correspondence between Mr Hopkins and Ms Fonzar later the
same day, on 17 April 2018.

23 Mr Hopkins replied to the 17 April E-mail to say (among other things),
“Thank you so very much for sharing the news with me and for placing your
trust with TECNOMAR & Associates. We look forward to delivering to you and SBM
the very best of our professional services and solutions.” 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 304

24 Ms Fonzar e-mailed Mr Hopkins some comments on the draft Appendix 6 that Mr
Hopkins had provided earlier (see [16] above); she said, “The queries is [sic]
much more about the difference between the T&C and your proposal.” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 319-337

Evidently, Ms Fonzar did not think that she had formed a contract by the 17
April E-mail she had sent earlier that day, certainly not one incorporating
the draft Appendix 6, which she was still commenting on. Nor did Mr Hopkins
reply to say that any contract had been formed by the 17 April E-mail or to
provide an indication that he thought the same.

25 Mr Hopkins simply replied to Ms Fonzar’s request for a list of documents
required to clear the Vessel; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 19 June 2020, pages 62-63 and 65

Ms Fonzar responded by sending him the vessel certificates. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 19 June 2020, pages 62, 80-110

The Certificate of Registry 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 19 June 2020, page 80

showed that the owner of the Vessel was SES.

26 The plaintiff’s case was that, with the 17 April E-mail from Ms Fonzar, a
contract had come into being between the plaintiff and the defendant. But had
it? I consider this below at [49]–[92].

Purchase orders from SES, invoices to SES, and payment by SES

27 The next day, on 18 April 2018, Ms Lee e-mailed Mr Hopkins to say, “Please
find attached a new purchase order from ‘SOUTH EAST SHIPPING CO LTD’ along
with its Terms and Conditions.” 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 338-349

She asked that Mr Hopkins confirm receipt of the e-mail by clicking on the
link provided (the “PO Acknowledgment Link”) or the attached icon. She
concluded by saying, “If you have any queries please contact me.”

28 The attached purchase order (“PO”) named SES as “Purchaser”, and the
plaintiff as “Supplier”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 339

The PO bore the SBM Offshore logo, and included the PO General T&C 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 342-349

which Ms Fonzar had sent Mr Hopkins on 12 April 2018 – see [17]–[18] above.
The invoicing instructions in the PO also indicated that SES was an “SBM
Company” – the plaintiff was asked to “[m]ention SBM Company Invoicing name
and address” 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 341

and the PO specifically stated that the plaintiff should issue and send its
invoice to SES c/o SBM Holding Inc. SA (which was another company in the SBM
Offshore group, not the defendant). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 339

29 The definitions in clause 1 of the PO General T&C include: “PARTY or
PARTIES shall mean either the PURCHASER or the SUPPLIER or both.” 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Supra, note 33

[emphasis in original]. Clause 37 is an entire agreement clause which states,
“The contents of this PO sets out the entire agreement between the PARTIES and
supersedes any and all prior representations and agreements between the
PARTIES relating to the subject matter contained herein and merge all prior
discussions among them …” The dispute resolution clause (ie, clause 33)
provides for disputes to be resolved by arbitration under the London Court of
International Arbitration Rules, if such disputes are not settled amicably by
negotiation between the parties within 30 days of written notice of such a
dispute.

30 On the terms of the PO, the contracting parties were SES and the plaintiff.
The plaintiff would also have known from the PO that SES intended for the PO
General T&C to apply to that PO, and any subsequent POs.

31 The defendant’s evidence was that Mr Hopkins would have clicked on the PO
Acknowledgment Link for that (and subsequent POs), otherwise the SBM Offshore
group’s systems would not have processed matters such as payment. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, paras 15, 18, 20

In his second affidavit, Mr Hopkins did not dispute these facts, other than to
say he was advised and verily believed that these matters were not relevant to
the plaintiff’s application for leave to serve process out of jurisdiction. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 20 January 2020, para 15

32 Mr Hopkins also provided Ms Lee with an e-mail acknowledgment of receipt on
the same day, ie, 18 April 2018: “Many thanks for your kind PO for which we
acknowledge receipt and have confirmed accordingly as per your instructions.”
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 350

33 Following the first PO, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, para 14(k) and pages 338-349

SES issued a revised PO to increase 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, para 18 and pages 353-356

the amount payable by US$477,141 on account of certain variation works.

34 Pursuant to the first PO, the plaintiff issued three invoices to SES; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 357-359

pursuant to the revised PO, the plaintiff issued another invoice to SES. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 360

SES paid the plaintiff on these invoices. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, para 18

35 SES issued several more POs to the plaintiff, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, para 20 and pages 361-385

for which the plaintiff invoiced SES, and SES paid the plaintiff accordingly.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, para 20

36 The POs did not merely cover works within the 10 April Quote. PO
038.00596.011633 REV 00 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 379

was for a cold lay-up of the Vessel; clause 10 of the 10 April Quote stated
that the agreement concerning the cold lay-up would be “a separate contract
and does not form part of the FSO Yetagun Decontamination agreement”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 19 June 2020, para 30(a); Mr Hopkins’ affidavit
dated 10 October 2019, page 52

37 The defendant’s case was thus that contracts between SES and the plaintiff
had been formed on the terms of SES’ POs and the PO General T&C, and that the
plaintiff had indicated its agreement to those contracts by acknowledging
receipt of the POs, proceeding with the works, invoicing SES, and accepting
payment of those invoices from SES.

The handover of the Vessel

38 On 3 May 2018, the Vessel was handed over to the plaintiff. The Handover
Letter was on the letterhead of SES. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, page 368

The letter was addressed to the plaintiff “[f]rom SES”; it stated that the
Vessel “was handed over from SES / SBM Operations” to the plaintiff, and it
was signed by Ms Fonzar “[f]or SES / SBM Operations”.

39 Further to the handover of the Vessel and the Handover Letter, Mr Hopkins
sent a letter the next day, on 4 May 2018. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, page 370

Addressed to SES, the letter stated that the plaintiff would “[m]ake
disclosure statement to the ship yard senior management basis early indication
of these gas detection findings (TECNOMAR & Associates) on behalf of South
East Shipping Co. Ltd. (SES)” and that “[u]pon the receipt of SGS laboratory
report regarding these samples onboard, we will then share these reports with
SES and the yard”. Mr Hopkins also e-mailed a copy of the letter to Ms Fonzar.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, page 369

The “Soft Proposal”

40 The plaintiff put forward a “Soft Proposal” dated 17 July 2018 and
described as “FSO Yetagun, the Complete Green Recycling Solution”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, pages 434-440

As stated on the cover page, the Soft Proposal was presented to SES c/o SBM
Holding Inc. SA, and it was submitted to Ms Fonzar. Page 2 of the Soft
Proposal 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, page 435

stated that the attached technical solution was for SES’ consideration, and
that “[t]hroughout this document, references to Tecnomar & Associates Pte Ltd
shall either be ‘Tecnomar’ or ‘CONTRACTOR’ and references to South East
Shipping Co Ltd shall be ‘SES’ or ‘CLIENT’”. Mr Hopkins e-mailed the Soft
Proposal to Ms Fonzar on 18 July 2018. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, page 433

The sale of the Vessel

41 In or around late July 2018, SES sold the Vessel. Ms Fonzar spoke to Mr
Hopkins about this on 31 July 2018; Mr Hopkins referred to this conversation
in his e-mail to her that day 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, pages 444-445

and raised three points for consideration, the third of which was: “With
specific regard to the attached SES PO Number 038.00596.011631 RevO you will
understand we require total PO value to be paid in full prior to FSO
departure. Obviously with a change of ownership and an impending vessel
departure our basis of security has diminished to zero yet our
responsibilities and liabilities remain the same.” Ms Fonzar replied the next
day. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, page 444

42 Mr Hopkins then wrote on 8 August 2018, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, pages 442-443

stating (among other things):

…

Item 1

We understand verbally from your good self that SES have sold the FSO Yetagun
and under new ownership the vessel shall proceed for (green recycling.) …

Item 2

… Current status: PT PELAYAN NASIONAL VARUNA SERVICITAMA (Kenny Lee) is
appointed by TECNOMAR & Associates Pte Ltd as a function of our relationship
with SES as owners. Once SES cease to be the Owners of FSO YETAGUN then we
consider our instructions to the agent are without relevance and invalid. …

Item 3

…

Further our concerns are basis, but not limited to the following concerns;

1\. SES have sold the vessel.

…

3\. SES exists (as we understand the situation as previously advised) solely
as owners of FSO Yetagun (What will happen to SES as an entity once FSO
Yetagun is no longer an SES company asset?)

…

43 Ms Fonzar addressed Mr Hopkins’ concerns under item 3 as follows, in her
reply of 8 August 2018: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, page 442

…

Item 3

SES will continue after the unit is sold as it has ongoing obligations in
relation to the recycling. SES will not be dissolved this year. If you are
concerned that SES will ‘disappear’ after the sale, we can assure you that
this will not be the case. SES will honor its obligations and we also wish to
ensure that the waste disposal is done properly up to completion. In any event
and as previously communicated to you, we are intending to settle the SES
account with you prior to departure of the unit. However, in this regard, we
are waiting to receive the final figures from you and need these urgently if
we are to process the payments in time.

…

The arbitration

44 On 28 May 2019, the plaintiff commenced arbitration against both the
defendant and SES under the Rules of the Singapore Chamber of Maritime
Arbitration (3rd Ed, October 2015) (the “SCMA Rules”). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Notice of arbitration – Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages
386-392

The plaintiff’s claim in arbitration (as in this action) was under a purported
contract based on the 10 April Quote having been agreed to on 17 April 2018.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 388 para 6

Moreover, as with the original SOC in this action, the contract was said to
include Appendix 6. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 389 para 7

Indeed, the draft Appendix 6 contained the clause providing for arbitration
under the SCMA Rules and which clause the plaintiff relied on. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 391-392 paras 17-21

The plaintiff acknowledged that it had issued invoices to SES and that it had
received payment from SES. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 389 para 8

45 The solicitors for the defendant and SES replied on 11 June 2019 (the
“defendant’s Denial”). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 393-394

Paragraph 3 of the defendant’s Denial read:

It is denied that [the defendant] is a party to any contract with Tecnomar. It
is denied that any alleged arbitration agreement exists between [the
defendant] and Tecnomar. It is denied that the alleged arbitration agreement
exists between SES and Tecnomar and it is denied that SES is party to a
contract with Tecnomar on the terms of the alleged Agreement (as defined in
the Purported Notice of Arbitration).

46 On 12 July 2019, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the parties’
arbitrator-nominees (the tribunal had yet to be formed with the appointment of
a third member) to convey that the plaintiff would not be proceeding with the
arbitration, and that the defendant and SES had been informed of this. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 395

47 Some two months later, on 10 September 2019, the plaintiff commenced this
action against the defendant alone.

Did the plaintiff have a good arguable case?

Relevant legal principles

48 For leave to serve process out of jurisdiction, a plaintiff must have a
good arguable case that he has satisfied one or more of the limbs in O 11 r 1
of the ROC; a plaintiff has a “good arguable case” if he has “the better of
the argument” (Shanghai Turbo Enterprises Ltd v Liu Ming [2019] 1 SLR 779
(“Shanghai Turbo”) at [49]; Vinmar Overseas (Singapore) Pte Ltd v PTT
International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271 (“Vinmar”) at [45]).

49 The plaintiff’s claim against the defendant was for breach of contract for
services rendered in respect of the Vessel. That was also the premise of its
application for leave to serve process out of jurisdiction, in which the
plaintiff relied on O 11 rr 1(d)(i) and 1(d)(iii) and O 11 r 1(p) of the ROC.
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

HC/SUM 5063/2019, Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019, paras 15-25

50 The plaintiff thus needed to have a good arguable case that there was
indeed such a contract between the plaintiff and the defendant.

51 On the plaintiff’s case that its 10 April Quote had been accepted by the
defendant by way of the 17 April E-mail, such a contract would not have
included Appendix 6: Appendix 6 was not part of the 10 April Quote and was
only provided in draft by Mr Hopkins later, on 12 April 2018. The plaintiff
thus did not have a good arguable case that there was a contract between the
plaintiff and the defendant that included Appendix 6, which was the contract
described in the plaintiff’s original SOC and its application for leave for
service out of jurisdiction. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC para 6, Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019, paras 11-12

52 Did the plaintiff nevertheless have a good arguable case that there was a
contract between itself and the defendant that only included Appendices 1-5?
That was the plaintiff’s case under the Amended SOC, after it had abandoned
its original position that the contract included Appendix 6.

53 I found that the plaintiff did not have a good arguable case that it had
any contract with the defendant.

It was not contemplated that a contract would be concluded by an exchange of
correspondence on the 10 April Quote

54 Ms Fonzar considered that a contract might be formed in one of two ways: in
the form of a draft contract from the plaintiff, or under a PO (see [15]
above). She thus asked Mr Hopkins if he had a draft contract; in response, he
provided Appendix 6 as that draft (see [16] above). On her part, Ms Fonzar
sent Mr Hopkins the PO General T&C (see [17]–[18] above). The plaintiff’s case
was that although the discussions up to the 17 April E-mail only referred to
two possible ways of forming a contract, Ms Fonzar had chosen a third method
instead: she had formed a contract by an exchange of correspondence – namely,
by accepting the plaintiff’s 10 April Quote by way of the 17 April E-mail. But
that is an unlikely conclusion to draw.

55 Put another way, both Mr Hopkins and Ms Fonzar contemplated that any
contract would not simply be on the terms of the plaintiff’s 10 April Quote:
for this reason, Mr Hopkins had provided the draft Appendix 6 as a draft
contract, while Ms Fonzar had provided the PO General T&C. The plaintiff’s
case was that neither set of terms was eventually used, whereas the
defendant’s case was that SES had contracted with the plaintiff on SES’ POs
and the PO General T&C. The plaintiff did not have the “better of the
argument” on this.

The contents of the 17 April E-mail did not support the plaintiff’s case

56 The 17 April E-mail itself (see [21] above) stood against rather than for
the plaintiff’s case. In the e-mail, Ms Fonzar first informed Mr Hopkins that
she was “working on the PO issuance today to [the plaintiff]”. This suggested
that Ms Fonzar was proceeding with the PO method of forming a contract, which
would in turn imply that she had not contemplated that her 17 April E-mail
alone would suffice for the formation of a contract with the plaintiff.
Further, Ms Fonzar stated that she had to get many approvals in her internal
process – that pointed to her not being in a position there and then to award
a contract to the plaintiff.

57 The plaintiff relied on the following sentence in the 17 April E-mail:
“Just for formality, I am confirming that the working is being awarded to
Tecnomar.” That sentence, however, cannot be read in isolation – it must be
read in the context of the whole e-mail, and especially what Ms Fonzar had
just said about working on the PO issuance and having to get many internal
approvals. But even if that sentence were read in isolation, the phrase “is
being awarded” would appear to refer to a process that was underway, rather
than concluded; Ms Fonzar did not say that a contract “is awarded”, “was
awarded” or “had been awarded”, etc. Moreover, Ms Fonzar expressed that she
was still in the process of “confirming” that the contract was being awarded
to Tecnomar. The plain meaning of the sentence that the plaintiff relied on
was clear – the contract had yet to be awarded to Tecnomar and Ms Fonzar had
yet to obtain confirmation of the same – and did not assist the plaintiff.

58 Reading the 17 April E-mail in its entirety, and noting Ms Fonzar’s
reference to needing many internal approvals, the picture which emerged was
that she did not form any contract with the plaintiff by the 17 April E-mail.
The plaintiff’s case was extreme: even if Ms Fonzar failed to get the internal
approvals which she said she needed, she had nevertheless awarded a contract
to the plaintiff by the 17 April E-mail. That would have either brought the
party she represented into contractual relations with the plaintiff or exposed
her to a claim for acting without authority. This argument and its
consequences flew in the face of Ms Fonzar telling the plaintiff (in the same
17 April E-mail) that she still needed many internal approvals.

59 It was also curious that the plaintiff’s case was that Ms Fonzar had
accepted the plaintiff’s 10 April Quote by the 17 April E-mail, but before me,
the plaintiff did not contend that she had also accepted Appendix 6, which Ms
Fonzar had in draft form by 17 April 2018. Appendix 6 contained an arbitration
clause providing for arbitration according to the SCMA Rules, and indeed, the
plaintiff had commenced arbitration against both the defendant and SES
pursuant thereto. Thus, when the defendant applied to set aside the ex parte
order and service in this action, it included an alternative prayer for a stay
of proceedings under s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002
Rev Ed). But the plaintiff abandoned the arbitration, the defendant withdrew
the prayer for a stay, and the plaintiff amended its SOC to delete the
reference to Appendix 6 that was originally in paragraph 9.

60 With the plaintiff having already put forward its proposed terms and
conditions in the form of draft Appendix 6, was there still an offer on the
terms of its 10 April Quote alone? And if (as the plaintiff seemed to accept
before me) Ms Fonzar did not accept Appendix 6 by the 17 April E-mail, did she
even accept the 10 April Quote by the same e-mail? As of 17 April 2018 when Ms
Fonzar sent the 17 April E-mail, what the plaintiff had proposed was its 10
April Quote and the draft Appendix 6. The plaintiff cherry-picked the former
and left out the latter, but it was questionable whether any contract had been
formed by the 17 April E-mail.

The 17 April E-mail was not Ms Fonzar’s last e-mail of the day

61 After sending the 17 April E-mail, Ms Fonzar corresponded further with Mr
Hopkins that day. Ms Fonzar sent an e-mail commenting on the plaintiff’s
proposed terms in the draft Appendix 6 (see [24] above). This was inconsistent
with her already having formed a contract by accepting the plaintiff’s 10
April Quote. Mr Hopkins did not however respond to say that there was already
a contract in place. Nor did Mr Hopkins provide such a response when he
received the first PO from SES the next day, under cover of Ms Lee’s e-mail
(see [27]–[30] above). One would have expected him to clarify that there was a
contract with the defendant on the terms of the 10 April Quote, when presented
with a PO from SES with the PO General T&C. Instead, Mr Hopkins proceeded to
acknowledge the POs; the plaintiff invoiced SES thereafter and was paid by SES
(see [31]–[36] above).

62 Later the same day, Ms Fonzar sent Mr Hopkins the vessel certificates,
including the Certificate of Registry which showed that the owner of the
Vessel was SES (see [25] above). If Mr Hopkins thought the plaintiff had by
then contracted with the defendant, it was curious that he raised no issue
about SES’ being the owner of the Vessel. He would however later express
concerns about SES’ sale of the Vessel, and specifically about the impact of
the sale on the plaintiff’s security for payment for its work (see [41]–[43]
above). Yet throughout the correspondence with Ms Fonzar, Mr Hopkins
unquestioningly accepted that the Vessel had been sold by SES 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, pages 442-443

– a fact that must surely have troubled him had he genuinely believed that the
plaintiff had contracted with the defendant rather than with SES.

63 The plaintiff argued that Ms Fonzar had concluded a contract with the
plaintiff by the 17 April E-mail because she was concerned that the
plaintiff’s 10 April Quote was only valid for seven days, and so if she did
not accept it by 17 April 2018, she might be left with no contract with
anyone. That is however not the impression one gets from reading the
correspondence. In particular, Ms Fonzar said in the 17 April E-mail itself:
“I am working on the PO issuance today to Tecnomar … I will try to expedite
the process and have it delivered to you latest tomorrow.” [emphasis added].
From that, it sounded like Ms Fonzar thought “PO issuance today”, ie, on 17
April 2018, was still possible, or at least “latest tomorrow”. If Ms Fonzar
were concerned about the expiry of the plaintiff’s 10 April Quote, one would
have expected her to ask Mr Hopkins if he could extend its validity by one
day, if need be. Ms Fonzar had in her earlier e-mail of 12 April 2018 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 309-310

asked if the 10 April Quote could be extended for another seven days, and Mr
Hopkins did not appear to have responded to this in the correspondence.
Moreover, the 17 April E-mail was sent at 12.56pm, and Ms Fonzar went on to
send two further e-mails later the same day, as I noted above. If Ms Fonzar
were concerned about the 10 April Quote expiring, she could have waited till
later in the day to see if she could get the necessary approvals and have a PO
issued, before taking the drastic step of purportedly concluding a contract
which she admittedly had no approval for.

From 18 April 2018 onwards, the plaintiff dealt with SES

64 The POs, invoices and payments all involved SES rather than the defendant
(see [27]–[28], [30], [33]–[35] and [61] above). Likewise, the subsequent
dealings, in terms of the handover of the Vessel, the Soft Proposal, and the
sale of the Vessel, all pointed to SES (rather than the defendant) being the
party that had contracted with the plaintiff (see [38]–[43] above).

65 Although there were various references to “SBM”, those appeared to refer to
the SBM Offshore group rather than to the defendant alone. SES owned the
Vessel; SES handed the Vessel over to the plaintiff; the plaintiff addressed
the Soft Proposal to SES; and it was SES who sold the Vessel. The plaintiff
understood all of this full well – nowhere was this made clearer than in Mr
Hopkins’ e-mail of 31 July 2018 to Ms Fonzar, in which he stated that “our
formal arrangements are with your good selves, (SES/SBM)” and that “we are in
a position to only receive instructions from yourself/SES at this time” 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, page 444

[emphasis added].

It was contemplated that the plaintiff would contract with the Vessel owner
(ie, SES)

66 The discussions tended to show that the intended contract would be between
the plaintiff and whichever company in the SBM Offshore group was the owner of
the Vessel, rather than with the defendant regardless of whether the defendant
owned the Vessel. Thus, the RFQ provided by Ms Lee 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, pages 47-131

contained various references to “Owner” and “Owners”, with a “split of
responsibilities” between the Contractor and the Owner. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 24 March 2020, page 48

The Owner’s responsibilities included “[r]eview[ing] and approv[ing]
Contractor procedures and other contractual and Technical documents”.

67 The RFQ also referred to various SBM codes of practice, copies of which
were provided to the plaintiff 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 43-127 at 50-127

; those codes of practice had the following copyright notification footer:

Copyright © 2015 SBM Offshore N.V. and/or one or more of its subsidiaries
and/or affiliates, as the case may be. This document is the property of SBM
Offshore N.V. and/or one or more of its subsidiaries or affiliates. This
document or any part thereof is confidential and may not be distributed,
copied, multiplied, or used in any other way without the express written
permission of the copyright holder(s). All rights are reserved.

68 That footer did not point specifically to the defendant; rather, it was a
reference to the SBM Offshore group. The other references to “SBM” in the
correspondence between the parties, and in other documents, similarly appeared
to refer more generally to the SBM Offshore group (or one or more of the
companies in it), instead of only to the defendant singly.

69 The “sbmoffshore” e-mail addresses, like those which Ms Lee and Ms Fonzar
used, were similarly generic, as was the www.sbmoffshore.com website which
provided information on the SBM Offshore group and not just on the defendant.
In particular, the website provided a link to the defendant’s annual report
(extracts of which were exhibited to Mr Hopkins’ first affidavit), which
described the defendant as the holding company of the SBM Offshore group and
listed SES amongst the defendant’s subsidiaries. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019, pages 11-28 at 13 and 25

70 The plaintiff’s 6 April Quote 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 128-226

was provided in response to the RFQ and did not seek to change the premise
that the plaintiff would be contracting with the owner of the Vessel
(whichever SBM Offshore company that might be).

71 When the plaintiff in its 6 April Quote referred to the Vessel as “the SBM
asset FSO Yetagun”, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 128-226 at 215

that did not appear to be an assertion that the Vessel was owned by the
defendant rather than some other SBM Offshore company; rather, it seemed to be
simply a general reference to the Vessel being an asset of the SBM Offshore
group (which it was). In Mr Hopkins’ e-mail of 8 August 2018 (see [42] above),
he would refer to the Vessel more specifically as a “SES company asset”.

72 When the plaintiff received the vessel certificates on 17 April 2018 which
showed that the SBM Offshore company that owned the Vessel was SES, and
thereafter received POs from SES, invoiced SES, and was paid by SES, at no
point did the plaintiff take issue with the Vessel not being owned by the
defendant. The flavour of the correspondence and documents was to the effect
that the plaintiff intended to, and did, contract with the Vessel owner,
namely, SES.

73 Similarly, the plaintiff’s draft Appendix 6 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 255-263

stated at clause 1(f) that “‘Parties’ refers to both the Contractor and the
Owner”, and at clause 1(d) that ‘Owner’ means the owner of the Vessel and/or
demise (or bareboat) charterer of the Vessel and/or the employee master,
authorised representative or agent of such owner and/or demise (or bareboat)
charterer of the Vessel”. Clause 21 was an entire agreement clause between the
parties, ie, the Contractor and the Owner. Under clause 7, “the Owner shall
pay for the Work immediately as invoiced by the Contractor on its completion”.
Clause 5 provided as follows:

The Owner shall immediately notify the Contractor of any intended change of
ownership of the Vessel during the performance of the Work and while payment
in full or in part for the Work remains outstanding. Should there be an
intended change of ownership before the Vessel departs the Contractor’s
premises, all Sum(s) in respect of the Work shall become immediately due and
payable and the Owner must make full payment for the Work before the departure
of the Vessel, notwithstanding any prior agreement for payment to be made by
instalments. …

74 When the plaintiff was informed that SES had sold the Vessel, it invoked
clause 5 of Appendix 6. Mr Hopkins sent an e-mail on 28 August 2018 to Peter
Holst from the SBM Offshore group, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 19 June 2020, page 39

to say:

…

What we are reading is that you (SES) have delivered the FSO Yetagun to new
ownership as of yesterday 28 August, 1140 Monaco time. Basis your confirmation
and as per the attached our Standard Terms and Conditions, (in particular you
will note Section 5) all invoices outstanding as per the attached notice to
your Ms Carolina Fonzar (Billing to SBM) are immediately due and payable.
Kindly remit to our account today.

Notably and additionally, the change of ownership does not absolve SES of
accrued liability. Even for newly incurred or ongoing liability these too
become “immediately due and payable”

…

75 The plaintiff invoked clause 5 of Appendix 6 as a contractual provision,
but Appendix 6 was drafted as a contract between the plaintiff and the Vessel
owner, ie, SES. Thus, the plaintiff was saying that because SES had sold the
Vessel, clause 5 of Appendix 6 was triggered, with consequences for SES in
terms of payment obligations and accrued liability. The “attached notice”
which Mr Hopkins referred to was titled: “SES(FSO Yetagun) / TECNOMAR &
Associates Final Balance Sheet (provisional) ETDeparture 31/08 from ASL batam
or Handover to New Ownership”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 19 June 2020, page 46

The document had various other references to SES but no references to the
defendant.

76 At that point in time, the plaintiff’s position was evidently that it had
contracted with the owner of the Vessel, ie, SES, and not with the defendant.

The parties’ positions in the arbitration do not support the plaintiff’s case

77 The plaintiff then claimed against both the defendant and SES in
arbitration, the premise being that there was a contract which included
Appendix 6 (which contained the relevant arbitration clause). The basis of
including the defendant as a respondent was unclear: if Appendix 6 applied,
the parties would be SES as Owner and the plaintiff as Contractor. The
defendant would not be a party to the contract, nor would it be a party to the
arbitration agreement. Further, paragraph 8 of the Notice of Arbitration
stated that invoices were issued by the plaintiff to SES “through the 1st
Respondent”, ie, the defendant, but that was factually wrong. The invoices
were not issued to SES through the defendant; they were issued to SES through
another company in the SBM Offshore group, SBM Holding Inc. SA (in accordance
with the POs) – see [28] and [33]–[35] above. Similarly, paragraph 12 of the
Notice of Arbitration referred to the Soft Proposal as “an amended quotation
dated 18 July 2018”, and stated that it was issued to the defendant, but the
documents showed that the Soft Proposal was addressed to SES – see [40] above.
The impression one gets is that the plaintiff knew that it had contracted with
SES, but nevertheless wanted to bring in the defendant somehow.

78 The defendant’s position was clearly stated in the defendant’s Denial of 11
June 2019 – see [45] above. The defendant denied being a party to any contract
with the plaintiff; SES was the party that would have contracted with the
plaintiff, but not on the terms alleged by the plaintiff.

Was there one contract or were there two?

79 The plaintiff made a strained argument that there may have been two
contracts: one between the plaintiff and the defendant on the terms of the
plaintiff’s 10 April Quote, and another between the plaintiff and SES on the
terms of SES’ POs. This did not make sense to me. If the plaintiff were
already contractually bound to do the work vis-à-vis the defendant, it would
add nothing for SES to then make another contract with the plaintiff (at least
to the extent of the same work) with different terms and conditions. Nothing
in the contemporaneous documents indicated that the plaintiff considered it
had two contracts, with different parties, on different terms. Even the Notice
of Arbitration did not bear this out. It referred to a single “agreement”
having been reached on 17 April 2018 (before the SES POs were issued from 18
April 2018 onwards). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, page 388 para 6

The defendant never admitted that there was a contract with the plaintiff

80 The plaintiff made another tenuous argument that the defendant had admitted
the existence of a contract between the plaintiff and the defendant, on the
terms of the 10 April Quote, by a portion of Thomas Chapman’s (“Mr Chapman’s”)
third affidavit. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 19 June 2020, para 43(b)

This was an affidavit filed by Mr Chapman for the defendant’s application to
set aside the ex parte order for leave to serve process out of jurisdiction,
and the consequent service of process. In his first affidavit, Mr Chapman had
stated the defendant’s position that “the contract for the Plaintiff’s
services was (i) not based on the Plaintiff’s 10 April Quote and (ii) was not
with the Defendant, but was with SES”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, para 16

This continued to be his position in his second affidavit: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 6 February 2020, para 13

13\. First, and to clarify:

(a) it is the Defendant’s position that any contract with the Plaintiff was
with SES, not the Defendant; and

(b) there was no amendment to any contract between the Plaintiff and SES
pursuant to the Soft Proposal. The Soft Proposal was merely what it is titled,
a proposal, which was never accepted by SES (a fact which is even pleaded by
the Plaintiff in paragraph 24(b) of the Statement of Claim).

81 Mr Chapman said the same in his third affidavit. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019

In paragraphs 7–23, he said that the plaintiff had contracted with SES, which
was the Vessel’s owner; in paragraphs 29–31, he said that the POs from SES had
not been issued pursuant to the alleged contract on the basis of the 10 April
Quote; he addressed the Handover Letter in paragraphs 32–34; he addressed the
plaintiff’s Soft Proposal to SES in paragraphs 35–44; he addressed SES’ sale
of the Vessel in paragraphs 45–47; and finally, he concluded at paragraph 48:

48\. I have been advised and verily believe that the Plaintiff is unable to
show that it has a good arguable case against the Defendant because:

(a) The Plaintiff cannot show a good arguable case that the Defendant
contracted with the Plaintiff; and

(b) The Plaintiff cannot show a good arguable case that the Defendant is in
breach of any alleged contract.

82 It is unlikely (to say the least) that in the midst of all that, Mr Chapman
had admitted the exact opposite: that there was a contract between the
plaintiff and the defendant on the terms of the 10 April Quote. But that was
the plaintiff’s argument.

83 This argument focused on what Mr Chapman said in paragraph 43(b) of his
third affidavit:

(b) Therefore, it cannot be said that the Defendant failed “to amend agreement
to take the appropriate remedial action” as there was in fact an amendment to
the 10 Apr Quote pursuant to Clause 12 by way the said Purchase Order.
[emphasis in original omitted]

84 The plaintiff argued that this was an admission by Mr Chapman that there
was a contract between the plaintiff and the defendant on the terms of the 10
April Quote, notwithstanding that Mr Chapman had said the opposite in his
earlier affidavits and elsewhere in the same affidavit.

85 There was no such admission.

86 Mr Chapman was simply rebutting the plaintiff’s contention that nothing was
done in response to the high levels of mercury and benzene detected. Thus, in
paragraph 41, he set out the narrative that Mr Hopkins had attempted to
portray; in paragraph 42, he said that that narrative was wholly untrue; and
then in paragraph 43, he said, “First, additional work was in fact carried out
as a result of the identification of the benzene and mercury vapours that were
discovered …” Paragraph 43(a) referred to one of SES’ POs, and paragraph 43(b)
stated: “Therefore, it cannot be said that the Defendant failed ‘to amend
agreement to take the appropriate remedial action’ as there was in fact an
amendment to the 10 Apr Quote pursuant to Clause 12 by way the said Purchase
Order.” [emphasis in original omitted].

87 Mr Chapman was just making the point that the plaintiff was wrong in
asserting that nothing was done to address the high levels of mercury and
benzene, when in fact SES had issued a PO to engage the plaintiff’s services
to address this issue, thereby incurring (and paying) “additional demucking
cost due to the presence of hazardous component (benzene and mercury) that was
identified during regular scale demucking form [sic] FSO Yetagun”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 376-378 at 377

88 What Mr Chapman said was to the effect that if clause 12 of the 10 April
Quote were a term of the contract, requiring action to address high levels of
mercury (and benzene), that term had been satisfied. He was not thereby
admitting that the terms of the 10 April Quote (including clause 12) applied,
or that there was any contract between the plaintiff and the defendant.

89 Putting the plaintiff’s case at its highest, if paragraph 43(b) of Mr
Chapman’s third affidavit were an admission, it would be an aberrant admission
adrift in a sea of consistent denial, flowing from the defendant’s Denial of
11 June 2019 (see [45] above). Looking at everything which Mr Chapman said
across his three affidavits, he was denying rather than admitting a contract
between the plaintiff and the defendant on the terms of the 10 April Quote. In
any event, that “admission” would not turn the tide, and the plaintiff would
still be swimming against the current.

90 In Vinmar ([48] supra), the court found (at [49]–[51]) that the appellant
did not have a good arguable case that the parties had agreed to the “Written
Terms” in question; however, the court found (at [52]–[68]) that there was a
good arguable case that the exclusive jurisdiction clause there had been
incorporated by the parties’ course of dealings into their contract.

91 In deciding if the plaintiff had a good arguable case, I undertook a
similar exercise of reviewing the facts in the present case. I found that the
plaintiff did not have a good arguable case that it had a contract with the
defendant on the terms of the 10 April Quote.

92 With that finding, it follows that the order granting leave to serve
process out of the jurisdiction, and the consequent service on the defendant,
must be set aside. The AR was right to do so.

93 That result could however also be justified on the ground of material non-
disclosure, as the AR decided, and which I agreed with. I address this below.

Should the ex parte order, and the service of process, be set aside for
material non-disclosure?

Was there non-disclosure?

94 On an ex parte application, the applicant is obliged to make full and frank
disclosure (see Shanghai Turbo ([48] supra) at [105]–[106]) – an obligation
that includes mentioning material points that are unfavourable to the
applicant’s case.

95 There was much in the present case that was material yet not disclosed.

96 I start by reviewing the little that the plaintiff did disclose. Mr
Hopkins’ first affidavit 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019

(which was filed in support of the ex parte application for leave to serve
process out of jurisdiction) had just nine pages of text, 70 pages including
exhibits.

97 Mr Hopkins asserted that there was a contract between the plaintiff and the
defendant, formed through an exchange of correspondence: specifically that the
plaintiff’s 10 April Quote had been accepted by 17 April E-mail. He referred
to paragraphs 3–22 of the SOC for particulars of the contract, and said that a
copy of the contract was exhibited at pages 46–69 of his exhibit, and that the
defendant’s acceptance of the contract was exhibited at page 70 (the 17 April
E-mail).

98 The supposed “contract” exhibited comprised the plaintiff’s 10 April Quote
running into 15 pages (pages 46–60 of the affidavit), together with Appendix 6
which was still titled “Appendix 6 (Draft)” (pages 61–69 of the affidavit).

99 The other documents exhibited in the affidavit were: extracts from the
defendant’s annual report (pages 11–28), the writ and the SOC (pages 29–45).

100 Although the plaintiff’s case was that the contract had been formed
through an exchange of correspondence, the only correspondence that was
exhibited was the plaintiff’s 10 April Quote and the 17 April E-mail. The
other correspondence was not exhibited – not Ms Lee’s 30 March 2018 e-mail
with the RFQ, not the plaintiff’s original 6 April Quote, not Mr Hopkins’
covering e-mail of 10 April 2018 to which the 10 April Quote was attached, not
the correspondence leading up to the 17 April E-mail, not the correspondence
after the 17 April E-mail.

101 This gave the court an incomplete and misleading picture. Thus, the 17
April E-mail started with Ms Fonzar saying “[t]hank you for the reply” – but
what “reply” from Mr Hopkins was she referring to? The only prior
correspondence exhibited in Mr Hopkins’ first affidavit was the 10 April
Quote. If the court had the full correspondence, it would have seen that Ms
Fonzar was not replying to the 10 April Quote in her 17 April E-mail; rather,
she was replying to Mr Hopkins’ 16 April 2018 e-mail that provided answers to
certain questions she had raised.

102 Indeed, several e-mails were exchanged between the 10 April Quote and the
17 April E-mail. Significantly, those included Mr Hopkins’ e-mail of 12 April
2018 attaching the draft Appendix 6. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Mr Chapman’s affidavit dated 15 November 2019, pages 244-263

It would have been apparent from that, that the 10 April Quote did not include
the draft Appendix 6 that was provided only two days later. On the plaintiff’s
own case that the contract was formed by the 17 April E-mail accepting the 10
April Quote, the contract would not have included the draft Appendix 6. But
the plaintiff told the court that the contract did include Appendix 6, and
Appendix 6 was exhibited as part of the purported contract.

103 The court was none the wiser about the truth, because not only did the
plaintiff misrepresent the position regarding the draft Appendix 6, the
relevant correspondence which would have rebutted that misrepresentation was
also not disclosed.

104 The full correspondence would also have shown that the draft Appendix 6
was never agreed upon; after the 17 April E-mail, Ms Fonzar wrote further the
same day to provide comments on Appendix 6, which remained as a draft
throughout (see [24] above).

105 Before me, the plaintiff claimed that it had mistakenly pleaded that the
contract included Appendix 6, and Appendix 6 had mistakenly been included as
an exhibit to Mr Hopkins’ first affidavit. The plaintiff’s solicitor filed an
affidavit to explain the mistake, which was also addressed in Mr Hopkins’
second affidavit. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 20 January 2020, para 109 and pages 475-477

But if the full correspondence had been disclosed, it would have shown that
the draft Appendix 6 could not have been part of the contract formed in the
manner asserted by the plaintiff.

106 The full correspondence was also relevant to the plaintiff’s assertion
that a contract with the defendant had been concluded by an exchange of
correspondence. By examining the correspondence, I concluded that the
plaintiff did not have a good arguable case on this issue. But without the
correspondence, the court would only have the plaintiff’s assertions on the
point and what the plaintiff had put before the court. In the event, there was
a misrepresentation that the draft Appendix 6 formed part of the contract, and
non-disclosure of correspondence – not just relating to the draft Appendix 6,
but also to the process of contract formation more generally.

107 There was also non-disclosure of:

(a) the provision of the vessel certificates to the plaintiff on 17 April
2018, which named SES as the owner (see [25], [62], [72] above);

(b) the POs from SES to the plaintiff (see [27]–[36] above);

(c) the invoices from the plaintiff to SES (see [34]–[35], [61] and [64]
above);

(d) the payments SES had made to the plaintiff (see [34]–[35], [61] and [64]
above);

(e) the handover of the Vessel by SES to the plaintiff, and the Handover
Letter from SES to the plaintiff (see [38]–[39] and [64]–[65] above);

(f) the Soft Proposal from the plaintiff to SES (see [40] and [64]–[65]
above);

(g) the sale of the Vessel by SES, and related correspondence (see [41]–[43],
[64]–[65] and [73]–[76] above);

(h) the arbitration which the plaintiff had commenced against the defendant
and SES, which the plaintiff then withdrew (see [44]–[46] and [77]–[78]
above); and

(i) the defendant’s Denial, in which the defendant denied that it was a party
to any contract with the plaintiff. The defendant’s position was that it was
SES that had contracted with the plaintiff; moreover, the contract was not on
the terms of the plaintiff’s 10 April 2018 quote, but on the terms of SES’ POs
(see [45] and [78] above).

Was the non-disclosure material?

108 The Court of Appeal stated in Zoom Communications Ltd v Broadcast
Solutions Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 500 (“Zoom”) at [68]: “The test of materiality,
which is an objective test, is whether the facts in question are matters that
the court would likely take into consideration in making its decision …”

109 In Shanghai Turbo ([48] supra), which concerned an application for service
out of jurisdiction, the Court of Appeal put it thus (at [106]):

… the question ultimately is whether the facts which are disclosed are (The
Vasiliy Golovnin at [91]):

‘… sufficient for [the] purpose of making an informed and fair decision on the
outcome of the application, such that the threshold of full and frank
disclosure can be meaningfully said to be crossed.’

110 In relation to the draft Appendix 6, the non-disclosure (and indeed
misrepresentation) was obviously material: the court was told that the
contract included Appendix 6, which was exhibited to the supporting affidavit
for the ex parte application, but it turned out that the draft Appendix 6 had
never been agreed to and did not form part of the contract. The
misrepresentation and non-disclosure led the court to grant leave on the
premise of a contract that included Appendix 6, a premise which was now
discernibly wrong.

111 All the other categories of information and documents I have listed (at
[107] above) are likewise material: they would likely have been taken into
consideration by the court, and without them the court could not have made an
informed and fair decision on the outcome of the application. I took them into
account in evaluating whether the plaintiff had a good arguable case (see
[49]–[92] above).

112 I considered the non-disclosure of the defendant’s Denial to be
particularly troubling. In this regard, the Court of Appeal in The Vasiliy
Golovnin [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 had stated at [87]:

… [T]he duty imposed on the applicant requires him to ask what might be
relevant to the court in its assessment of whether or not the remedy should be
granted, and not what the applicant alone might think is relevant. This
inevitably embraces matters, both factual and legal, which may be prejudicial
or disadvantageous to the successful outcome of the applicant’s application.
It extends to all material facts that could be reasonably ascertained and
defences that might be reasonably raised by the defendant. …

113 Here, the defendant’s position – that SES was the contracting party with
the plaintiff – was not just a defence that “might reasonably be raised”; it
had been raised by the defendant when the plaintiff commenced arbitration. The
plaintiff knew about the defendant’s Denial, yet did not inform the court of
it.

114 Whether or not the plaintiff thought there might be two contracts, one
with the defendant and one with SES (as it sought to argue – see [79] above),
the plaintiff knew that the defendant’s position was that there was only one
contract, and that the contract was not with the defendant, but with SES. The
plaintiff ought to have informed the court of that, but it did not.

115 Besides material non-disclosure, various facts were misrepresented to the
court in the SOC, which Mr Hopkins’ first affidavit referred to and exhibited:

(a) Paragraph 21 of the SOC said that several amendments were made to the
contract (between the plaintiff and the defendant) to provide for works to be
conducted by the plaintiff; but everything that was done in that regard, was
done by POs from SES.

(b) Paragraph 22 of the SOC said that, as provided for under clause 12 (of the
plaintiff’s 10 April Quote), the plaintiff forwarded to the defendant, by an
e-mail dated 18 July 2018, an amendment to the contract in the form of the
Soft Proposal. In fact, the Soft Proposal was addressed to SES.

(c) Paragraphs 25–26 of the SOC said that the Vessel was sold by and removed
from the yard by the defendant. In fact, SES owned the Vessel, SES sold the
Vessel, and it was because of SES’ sale of the Vessel that the Vessel was
removed from the yard – and the correspondence showed that the plaintiff knew
this full well.

116 All these facts related to the core issue of whether the defendant or SES
had contracted with the plaintiff, and like the non-disclosures identified
above, were material.

117 Other than in relation to Appendix 6, there was no attempted explanation
of the litany of material non-disclosures and misrepresentations. Indeed, at
first instance, the plaintiff disputed whether there had been any material
non-disclosure. The AR’s notes recorded counsel for the plaintiff saying, “If
Your Honour takes the position that this (ie, the defendant’s Denial) should
have been disclosed, humbly apologise and say that this was inadvertent
error.” 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript for HC/SUM 5780/2019 on 3 March 2020, page 16 lines 24–25

In saying that, the plaintiff did not concede that there was material non-
disclosure: it merely said that if the court were to find there was material
non-disclosure, then it would apologise and chalk it up as an inadvertent
error.

118 The AR’s conclusion (at [81] of her oral judgment) was: “The statement of
claim and the Plaintiff’s Order 11 application were completely silent on SES.
Given the role of SES in the parties’ dealings and the position that the
Defendant has taken which was made clear to the Plaintiff in the context of
the arbitration proceedings, I question whether it is even possible for the
Plaintiff to have innocently omitted all mention of SES.”

119 I would put it even more strongly: my conclusion was that the plaintiff
had deliberately omitted all mention of SES (including the defendant having
denied being the contracting party and pointing to SES instead). What was
more, the plaintiff had replaced SES with the defendant, in its narrative of
the additional works commissioned to deal with the mercury within the Vessel,
the Soft Proposal, and the sale and removal of the Vessel (see [115] above).

120 Unlike the arbitration, where the plaintiff had proceeded against both the
defendant and SES, and had referred to SES’ POs, the invoices to SES and
payments from SES, in this action the plaintiff tried to make SES disappear.
In the SOC, the Amended SOC, the plaintiff’s ex parte application, and Mr
Hopkins’ first affidavit, the only trace of SES was that it was innocuously
listed in a long list of subsidiaries of the defendant. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Mr Hopkins’ affidavit dated 10 October 2019, pages 23-28 at 25, S/No 12

The plaintiff gave the court no clue as to how significant SES was to the
correspondence, documents and events in this matter – all of which were hidden
from the court’s sight.

121 Had the plaintiff been full and frank with the court, the court may well
not have granted the ex parte order. Instead, the plaintiff gave the court the
misleading impression that it had a neat and tidy case of a contract between
the plaintiff and the defendant, for which the court should grant leave to
serve out of jurisdiction. But the real picture was not so flattering to the
plaintiff – indeed, not flattering at all.

122 Towards the end of the hearing before me, counsel for the plaintiff
articulated the gravamen of the complaint as being non-disclosure of SES’
role, the POs and the defendant’s Denial. That did not capture the full extent
and flavour of what the plaintiff had done here. But at least counsel finally
acknowledged that there had been non-disclosure. He asked that the court
nevertheless exercise its discretion to let the ex parte order and the service
stand, a discretion recognised in Zoom ([108] supra at [92(c)]) and other
cases. He acknowledged though that Zoom was not authority for the proposition
that if a plaintiff had made out a good arguable case, non-disclosure on its
part did not matter.

Did the material non-disclosure warrant setting aside?

123 If there has been material non-disclosure, the court may set aside the ex
parte order; but the court has a discretion to continue the order or to make a
new order (see Tay Long Kee Impex Pte Ltd v Tan Beng Huwah (trading as Sin
Kwang Wah) [2000] 1 SLR(R) 786 (“Tay Long Kee”) at [25], [33] and [35]). How
that discretion is exercised “depends on the nature of the non-disclosure and
the circumstances of the case” (Tay Long Kee at [33]).

124 In Zoom, the Court of Appeal decided not to set aside an ex parte order
notwithstanding that there had been material non-disclosure, as it considered
that what was undisclosed was not so material in all the circumstances as to
warrant setting aside (at [69] of the judgment). In that regard, I found in
the present case that what was undisclosed, and what was misrepresented, was
highly material – indeed, it went to the heart of the issue of who had
contracted with the plaintiff: the defendant or SES?

125 Another consideration is whether the non-disclosure (or misrepresentation)
was innocent or deliberate. Even if non-disclosure were innocent, setting
aside may be warranted (see Tay Long Kee at [25] and [27]). But if the non-
disclosure were deliberate, it “must be a special case for the court to
exercise its discretion not to discharge the ex parte [order]” (Tay Long Kee
at [35]). In that case, the Court of Appeal agreed with the first instance
judge that there had been deliberate suppression and that the non-disclosures
could not be viewed as minor (Tay Long Kee at [31] and [35]); the Court of
Appeal upheld the judge’s decision setting aside the ex parte order and
declining to grant a fresh order.

126 In the present case, the undisclosed information and documents were highly
material; there was not just non-disclosure but also misrepresentation; and
all of this was deliberate – the plaintiff went from claiming against both the
defendant and SES in arbitration, to scrupulously avoiding any mention of SES
in this action against the defendant alone. In the circumstances of this case,
setting aside was warranted.

Conclusion

127 I agreed with the AR that the plaintiff did not have a good arguable case
for service of process out of jurisdiction, and that there had been material
non-disclosure which warranted setting aside the ex parte order and the
consequent service of process. I thus upheld the AR’s decision, with costs to
be paid by the plaintiff to the defendant.

Andre Maniam  
Judicial Commissioner

Peter Gabriel, Nandwani Manoj Prakash, Henry Li-Zheng Setiono and Selina Naidu
(Gabriel Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) (instructed), Loh Wai Yue, Alankriti
Sethi and Chan Zijian Boaz (Incisive Law LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Nov 2020 (15:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

