Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 125

Suit No 734 of 2018

(Registrar’s Appeal No 80 of 2020)

Between

1\. Alternative Advisors Investments Pte Ltd

2\. Supreme Star Investments Ltd

… Plaintiffs

And

1\. Asidokona Mining Resources Pte Ltd

2\. Soh Sai Kiang

… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out]

[Civil Procedure] — [Disclosure of documents]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Alternative Advisors Investments Pte Ltd and another

  

v

  

Asidokona Mining Resources Pte Ltd and another

[2020] SGHC 125

High Court — Suit No 734 of 2018 (Registrar’s Appeal No 80 of 2020)  
Choo Han Teck J  
8 June 2020

18 June 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 In this suit, the plaintiffs allege that the second plaintiff lent the first
defendant S$2m under a loan agreement dated 22 July 2016 (“Alleged Loan
Agreement”). According to the first plaintiff, one Mr Wong Joo Wan executed
the Alleged Loan Agreement on the second plaintiff’s behalf. Mr Wong describes
himself as the managing director of the first plaintiff and the principal of
the second plaintiff. The second defendant is the sole shareholder and
director of the first defendant. He is alleged to have stood as the first
defendant’s guarantor in the Alleged Loan Agreement under a personal guarantee
(“Alleged Guarantee”), and executed a deed charging all his shares in the
first defendant in favour of the second plaintiff (“Alleged Deed of Charge”).
The second plaintiff tried to assign the Alleged Loan Agreement, Guarantee and
Deed of Charge to the first plaintiff. The first plaintiff commenced this suit
against the defendants to recover the outstanding principal under the Alleged
Loan Agreement, plus interest, and the delivery up of the second defendant’s
shares in the first defendant. As it is disputed whether the attempted
assignment was effective, the first plaintiff joined the second plaintiff to
this action.

2 The defendants obtained an order for specific discovery of documents
relating to, inter alia, the source of the monies provided under the Alleged
Loan Agreement, which documents the plaintiffs protested in vain as being
irrelevant. The plaintiffs said that half of the loan monies came from Mr
Wong, and the other half came from a “Hong Kong investor”. Following the
plaintiffs’ disclosure of various documents, the defendants complained that
the plaintiffs had still failed to comply with the discovery order, and
applied for an “unless” order to enforce the same.

3 The application for the “unless” order was heard in four tranches between
February and March this year. In the first hearing on 3 February 2020, the
assistant registrar ordered the plaintiffs to “file an affidavit as to either
[Mr Wong]’s attempts to obtain documents from [the second plaintiff’s
solicitors at the material time, JLC Advisors LLP], or his inability to do
so”. This order concerned three categories of documents, which included
documents evidencing the alleged contribution of S$1m from the “Hong Kong
investor” to the second plaintiff, and communications between the “Hong Kong
investor” and Mr Wong and/or the second plaintiff regarding the alleged
contribution. One Mr Jeffrey Ong, a lawyer with JLC Advisors LLP was alleged
to be the lawyer who put the Alleged Loan Agreement together for the parties.
He is now in remand pending investigations for fraud. The plaintiffs claimed
that they had complied with the order made on 3 February 2020.

4 However, the defendants disagreed and claimed that the plaintiffs had not
completely complied with the said order. The plaintiffs said that Mr Wong had
already confirmed on affidavit that beyond what they had already disclosed,
they did not have in their possession, custody or power any other documents
relating to the alleged contribution from the “Hong Kong investor” to the
second plaintiff. They claimed that the party who could provide any such
missing documents was JLC Advisors LLP.

5 Thus, in a subsequent hearing, the assistant registrar ordered:

[Plaintiffs] to write to JLC Advisors to ask JLC Advisors to produce all bank
statements of JLC Advisors for the months of June and July 2016 evidencing
payment/s by the HK investor towards the alleged loan of S$1m that the HK
investor gave to Supreme Star Investments Ltd. [Plaintiffs] are to write by
the close of business on 2 March 2020. [Plaintiffs] to file an affidavit
exhibiting this letter and the response from JLC Advisors, by 13 March 2020.

6 The plaintiffs say that this was done. At the third hearing before the
assistant registrar, it not only transpired that the “Hong Kong investor” was
one Ms Lou Swee Lan, but that Ms Lou was also the sole shareholder and
director of the second plaintiff. The assistant registrar took the view that
she would not have made an order involving JLC Advisors LLP had she been aware
of this. Hence, on 17 March 2020, the assistant registrar directed the
plaintiffs to comply with either of two options by 24 March 2020:

Option 1: Mr Nicholas Narayanan [ie, the plaintiffs’ solicitor at the time] is
to confirm to this court, as counsel for both plaintiffs, that Wong Joo Wan’s
8th, 9th, 10th, 11th affidavits and affidavit verifying supplementary list of
documents dated 14 November 2019, bind the HK investor, Mdm Lou Swee Lan. This
confirmation does not mean that his other affidavits do not bind both
Plaintiffs. This confirmation does mean that Lou Swee Lan and the second
plaintiff did not have possession, custody or power of those documents as at
the dates of the respective said affidavits.

Option 2: Mdm Lou Swee Lan to file an affidavit on behalf of the second
plaintiff, stating whether she and/or the second plaintiff have or had at any
time had possession, custody or power…of [Categories] A(vi), B(i) and C(v)

The affidavits of Mr Wong referred to in the above order stated, inter alia,
that the plaintiffs do not have in their possession, custody or power certain
documents relating to the alleged contribution of S$1m from the “Hong Kong
investor” to the second plaintiff.

7 Subsequently, the plaintiffs’ solicitor at the time, Mr Nicholas Narayanan,
applied to be discharged and his application was granted on 4 June 2020. The
assistant registrar’s order on 17 March 2020 was not complied with. At the
fourth hearing on 31 March 2020, the assistant registrar directed that unless
the order of 17 March 2020 is complied with by 7 April 2020, the plaintiffs’
claim would be struck out (the “Unless Order”). Prior to that deadline, the
first plaintiff changed solicitors to Mr N Sreenivasan SC, and filed the
present appeal against the assistant registrar’s decision to issue the Unless
Order against it. The first plaintiff also applied for a stay of the Unless
Order, but the application could not be heard in time. The second plaintiff
did not file any appeal of its own. Since the Unless Order was not complied
with by the stipulated deadline, the plaintiffs’ claim was struck off
accordingly.

8 Turning to the present appeal, the direction that either the solicitor must
confirm that his witness’ affidavit binds one or more parties, or another
witness must file an affidavit confirming that she and a party to the
proceedings are bound by the affidavits of a different witness, is unusual.
First of all, every affidavit ought to state on whose behalf the affidavit was
sworn or affirmed. It usually begins by stating “I make this affidavit on
behalf of …” Where such a statement is omitted so that it is necessary to
establish on whose behalf a witness’ affidavit was made, that witness should
be the person directed to swear a supplementary affidavit or refile the
original affidavit with the necessary amendment. Every person will be bound by
the affidavits he makes. If the affidavit was made on behalf of another person
without authority, that other person must swear an affidavit disclaiming it.
To that end, all that is required is to ensure that all such other persons had
been served with the affidavit in question. Solicitors are best advised to
refrain from swearing affidavits of facts on behalf of their clients.

9 In this case, Ms Lou is not a party to these proceedings in her personal
capacity. As the sole shareholder and director of the second plaintiff, she
may be a witness, but it is ultimately the second plaintiff which is a party
to this action. Insofar as the first and second plaintiffs’ discovery
obligations are concerned, Mr Wong has already filed several affidavits which
expressly state that they were made on behalf of both plaintiffs and confirm
that both plaintiffs do not have in their possession, custody or power the
documents which the defendants seek. The second plaintiff is, of course,
entitled to file an affidavit denying that Mr Wong could speak on its behalf,
but it had not done so and should simply have been taken to be bound by his
affidavits. Without evidence that Mr Wong had no authority to file his
affidavits on behalf of the second plaintiff, I do not think it was necessary
for the assistant registrar to order that Ms Lou confirm that she and/or the
second plaintiff are bound by his affidavits, or that they do not have the
relevant documents in their possession, custody or power.

10 It is not clear why Mr Narayanan did not make this point, and instead,
applied to have himself discharged. Given these circumstances, I am of the
view that the Unless Order against the first plaintiff ought to be set aside.

11 For the reasons above, the appeal is allowed. Costs to be reserved to trial
judge.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Narayanan Sreenivasan SC, Muralli Rajaram and Kyle Gabriel Peters (K&L Gates
Straits Law LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Prakash P Mulani and Ruelia Rufus (M & A Law Corporation) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

