Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 105

Tribunal Appeal No 18 of 2019

Between

Tomy Incorporated

… Appellant

And

Dentsply Sirona Inc.

… Respondent

Judgment

[Trade Marks and Trade Names] — [Invalidity] — [Bad faith]

[Trade Marks and Trade Names] — [Ownership]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tomy Inc

  
v

  

Dentsply Sirona Inc

[2020] SGHC 105

High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 18 of 2019  
Dedar Singh Gill JC  
9 January 2020

20 May 2020 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill JC:

1 This is an appeal against the Adjudicator’s decision dated 2 September 2019
(the “Decision”) to invalidate the appellant’s three trade marks, namely
“MICROARCH” (Trade Mark No. T1301268F), “SENTALLOY” (Trade Mark No.
T1301266Z), and “BIOFORCE” (Trade Mark No. T1301267H), all in Class 10
(collectively, the “Subject Marks”). In the Decision, the Adjudicator held
that the Subject Marks were invalid because the appellant had filed the
applications for the Subject Marks in bad faith pursuant to s 23(1) read with
s 7(6) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (the “Act”).

The parties

2 The appellant, Tomy Incorporated (“Tomy”), is a prominent Japanese innovator
and manufacturer of orthodontic devices. The Subject Marks are applied to
orthodontic devices manufactured by the appellant. Founded in 1959 and
incorporated in 1966, the appellant markets and collaborates with distributors
to distribute products manufactured by it to dental professionals worldwide. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Bundle of Documents, p 86.

The Subject Marks were registered in favour of the appellant on 22 January
2013 in Class 10 in respect of the following goods: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 7, 12, 17.

Orthodontic brackets, orthodontic bands, orthodontic tubes, orthodontic wires,
orthodontic hooks, orthodontic stops, orthodontic lingual buttons, orthodontic
elastics, orthodontic attachments, orthodontic appliances.

3 The respondent, Dentsply Sirona Inc. (“Dentsply Sirona”), is the result of a
2016 merger between two orthodontic manufacturers and suppliers, the US
company Dentsply International Inc (originally founded 1899) and the German
company Sirona Dental Systems, Inc (originally founded 1877). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 804-805

The respondent is the holding company of GAC International Inc. (now known as
GAC International LLC) (“GAC”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Bundle of Documents, p 805.

GAC distributes the appellant’s orthodontic devices in Singapore. These
devices bear the Subject Marks. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Bundle of Documents, p 805.

Background to the dispute

4 This dispute arises from a longstanding relationship between Tomy and GAC
spanning five decades. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Bundle of Documents, p 76.

In 1967, Tomy appointed GAC to distribute orthodontic products manufactured by
it. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Bundle of Documents, p 808.

In the subsequent years, the relationship between Tomy and GAC has been
governed by several successive agreements. Four of these agreements are
relevant to the present dispute and illustrate the development of the parties’
relationship over time. These four agreements (collectively, “the Agreements”)
were signed on 4 January 1986 (the “1986 Agreement”), 1 September 1998 (the
“1998 Agreement”), 1 December 2004 (the “2004 Agreement”) and 22 March 2012
(the “2012 Agreement”) respectively. Each agreement superseded the former. For
example, Art 27.1 of the 2012 Agreement states that upon its effective date,
the prior 2004 Agreement would terminate. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 1335-1336.

5 The essential points to be gleaned from the 1986 Agreement are set out here:

(a) In terms of the distribution relationship, Art 1 specified that “GAC’s
Territory” covered countries in North America, South America, Europe and
Africa, as well as Israel and Turkey, while “Tomy’s Territory” covered
countries in Asia and the Middle East, as well as New Zealand and Australia. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1254.

Art 2 provided that GAC was the “exclusive sales representative and
distributor of Tomy Products in GAC’s Territory” and the non-exclusive
distributor of the “Tomy Products” in “Tomy’s Territory”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1255.

Art 9 of the 1986 Agreement imposed on GAC certain minimum purchase targets of
“Tomy Products”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1258.

(b) Where trade marks are concerned, Art 11 of the 1986 Agreement provided
that “Tomy Products” purchased by GAC were to be sold under the “Tomy” and
“Orth-Tomy” trade marks. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1260.

GAC had the “right to use such names and trademark and, at its option, [could]
register them as a trade name or trademark”. GAC was also obligated under Art
11 to “use the name ‘Tomy’ or ‘Orth-Tomy’ in all advertisements and catalogs
when referring to Tomy Products manufactured by Tomy”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1260.

Other than “Tomy” and “Orth-Tomy”, no other trade marks were mentioned in the
1986 Agreement.

6 The 1998 Agreement was signed against the backdrop of a restructuring
arrangement in which GAC returned shares to the appellant and vice versa. The
1998 Agreement superseded the 1986 Agreement and marked the following changes:

(a) As regards the distribution relationship, GAC had, under Art 2.1, the
exclusive right to sell and distribute the “Products” in the “Exclusive
Territory” (covering all countries other than Japan and the “Non-Exclusive
Territory”) and the non-exclusive right to sell and distribute the “Products”
in the “Non-Exclusive Territory” (defined as Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and the
People’s Republic of China). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1275.

Singapore was therefore an “Exclusive Territory”. Under Art 1.1, the term
“Products” was defined as “orthodontic materials, equipment and products now
or hereafter developed and/or manufactured by Tomy, its subsidiaries or
affiliated companies”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1275.

(b) In relation to trade marks, the 1998 Agreement established for the first
time two categories of trade marks, namely the “Existing Trademarks” (which
consisted of the marks listed in Exhibit 4) and the “Tomy Trademarks” (which
included the marks “Tomy” and the logo mark of “Orth-Tomy”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1282-1283.

Exhibit 4 included the marks “MICROARCH”, “SENTALLOY”, and “BIOFORCE”
(hereinafter referred to as the “Disputed Marks”, used in the general sense
and distinct from the Singapore-registered Subject Marks). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1294.

Under Art 14.1, GAC could sell the “Products” under its own trade marks. In
addition, GAC had the right to use the “Tomy Trademarks” in connection with
the “Products” manufactured by the appellant in all countries except Japan,
but (unlike in the 1986 Agreement) could not register the “Tomy Trademarks”
without obtaining the appellant’s written consent. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1282.

Art 14.4 provided that the “Existing Trademarks” would be maintained by GAC at
its expense, and it further granted “a non-exclusive and royalty-free license
to Tomy to use the Existing Trademarks in connection with and for the purpose
of producing and selling the Products”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

However, Art 14.4 also stated (unlike the two subsequent agreements) that this
non-exclusive license to use the “Existing Trademarks” for selling “Products”
in the “Non-Exclusive Territory” would end by 1 January 2000. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

Art 14.6 provided that neither party would “do anything which is likely to
impair the value or validity” of the other party’s marks, including future
marks. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

7 The 2004 Agreement superseded the 1998 Agreement. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1311.

The following features of the 2004 Agreement are relevant:

(a) With regard to the distribution relationship, parties relocated
“Singapore” from the category of “Exclusive Territory” under the 1998
Agreement to a “Non-Exclusive Territory” under Art 1.3 of the 2004 Agreement.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1299.

As such, both GAC and the appellant had non-exclusive rights to sell and
distribute the “Products” in Singapore. But since Art 2.3 stipulated that the
appellant “shall not directly or indirectly compete with GAC in the bidding
for the National Dental Centre’s contracts in Singapore”, GAC still retained a
degree of exclusivity. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1300.

(b) In relation to trade marks, the 2004 Agreement substantially mirrored the
1998 Agreement. However, Art 14.4 of the 2004 Agreement removed the final
sentence of the equivalent provision in the 1998 Agreement, namely that
“[n]otwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Tomy shall not directly or
indirectly use any of GAC’s Existing Trademarks for the purpose of producing
and selling the Products in the Non-Exclusive Territory as from January 1,
2000”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1307.

The 2012 Agreement also does not contain this provision.

8 The 2012 Agreement was the subsisting agreement at the time when the
appellant registered the Subject Marks in Singapore on 22 January 2013. It is
titled “Non-Exclusive Supply and Distributorship Agreement”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1321.

At the time that the respondent filed its submissions on 20 December 2019, GAC
was still the appellant’s distributor. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s submissions, p 11.

The following observations may be made from the 2012 Agreement:

(a) As regards the distribution arrangement, the 2012 Agreement abolishes the
distinction between “Exclusive” and “Non-Exclusive” territories. For example,
GAC can now sell and distribute the “Products” in Japan. In addition, GAC now
only has a non-exclusive right to sell and distribute “Products” under Art 2.
“Products” are defined under Art 1.1 as “such orthodontic materials, equipment
and products manufactured by Tomy or its Affiliates (defined below) as are set
forth on Exhibit 4 hereto and such other orthodontic materials … as may be
subsequently agreed by the parties in writing”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1321.

(b) In relation to trade marks, Arts 13.1 and 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement
mirror Arts 14.1 and 14.4 of the 2004 Agreement. Art 13.1 of the 2012
Agreement specifies that GAC may sell the “Products” under its own brands or
tradenames and states that “GAC shall own all rights to its brand, tradename,
trademarks and trade dress owned by it and Tomy shall claim no rights or
interest therein”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

Likewise, the appellant owns all rights to the Tomy Trademarks (including
“Tomy” and “Orth-Tomy”). Art 13.4 establishes that all “trademark
registrations owned or licensed by GAC or any of its Affiliates” include those
in Exhibit 3, which lists the Disputed Marks. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

Additionally, Art 13.6 states that neither party may “directly or indirectly
do anything which is likely to impair the value or validity of any of the
other party’s trademarks, trade names, brand names … which the other party now
owns or possesses or will hereafter own or possess”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1330.

Finally, Art 13.7 of the 2012 Agreement (which mirrors Art 14.7 of the 2004
Agreement) provides that GAC’s use of the Tomy Trademarks (but not GAC’s use
of “Existing Trademarks”) discontinues upon the expiration of the 2012
Agreement. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1330.

9 Arts 1.1, 2 and 13 as well as Exhibit 3 of the 2012 Agreement are reproduced
below for ease of reference: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 1321-1341.

Article 1. Definitions

1.1 “Products” shall mean such orthodontic materials, equipment and products
manufactured by Tomy or its Affiliates (defined below) as are set forth on
Exhibit 4 hereto and such other orthodontic materials, equipment, and products
as may be subsequently agreed by the parties in writing from time to time.

…

Article 2. Non-Exclusive Distributorship

Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, GAC shall have the non-
exclusive right to sell and distribute the Products.

…

Article 13. Trademarks

13.1 It is understood that GAC may sell the Products under its own brands or
tradenames. GAC shall own all rights to its brand, tradename, trademarks and
trade dress owned by it and Tomy shall claim no rights or interest therein.
Tomy shall own all rights to trademarks of Tomy, including the mark “TOMY” and
the logo mark of “Orth-Tomy” (hereinafter referred to as the “Tomy
Trademarks”) and GAC shall claim no rights or interest therein unless
otherwise explicitly provided for herein. Subject to Tomy’s prior approval,
GAC shall have a right to use Tomy Trademarks with respect to the sale and
distribution of the Products during the Term.

13.2 Unless otherwise explicitly provided for herein, GAC shall not acquire by
virtue of the execution and performance of this Agreement (including the
execution and performance of any of the prior agreements between Tomy and
GAC), through the use of said Tomy Trademarks, or through advertising and sale
of the Products or otherwise, any right, title or interest of any nature
whatsoever in or any of Tomy Trademarks, and every use of Tomy Trademarks by
GAC shall be for the sole benefit of Tomy.

13.3 During the Term and thereafter, GAC shall not apply for or acquire the
registration of Tomy Trademarks or any mark confusingly similar thereto
without obtaining Tomy’s prior written approval.

13.4 The parties hereby agree that any and all trademark registrations owned
or licensed by GAC or any of its Affiliates as of the Effective Date
(including trademark applications of GAC or its Affiliates pending as of the
Effective Date) regarding the Products (hereinafter referred to as the
“Existing Trademarks”), including, but not limited to, those which are
identified on Exhibit 3 attached hereto, will be the property and
responsibility of GAC or its Affiliates. GAC and its Affiliates hereby grant a
non-exclusive and royalty-free license to Tomy to use the Existing Trademarks
in connection with and for the sole purpose of producing and selling the
Products to GAC. This license shall terminate at the time that this Agreement
terminates.

13.5 Upon Tomy’s reasonable request GAC shall provide, and shall have its
Affiliates provide, Tomy with information regarding the Existing Trademarks.

13.6 Neither Tomy nor GAC shall directly or indirectly do anything which is
likely to impair the value or validity of any of the other party’s trademarks,
trade names, brand names or any other similar industrial or other intangible
property or rights which the other party now owns or possesses or will
hereafter own or possess.

13.7 Unless otherwise explicitly provided for herein, GAC shall discontinue
and cause to be discontinued the use of Tomy Trademarks upon expiration or
termination of this Agreement, provided, however, that the foregoing shall not
prevent GAC from selling the Products which GAC has received or is to receive
pursuant to the Purchase Contract effected hereunder prior to such expiration
or termination.

…

Exhibit 3

Existing Trademarks of GAC/DENTSPLY

REGISTERED TRADEMARKS COVERED TERRITORIES

…

BIOFORCE U.S.

…

MICROARCH U.S., BENELUX, CANADA, FRANCE, ITALY

…

SENTALLOY U.S., BENELUX, CANADA, FRANCE, GERMANY, ITALY, MEXICO, U.K.

…

10 Art 12 of the 2012 Agreement specifically refers to patent rights. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1328.

As I explain later, the respondent relies on these provisions to shed light on
the nature of the parties’ relationship. The relevant provisions are
reproduced here: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1328-1329

Article 12. Intellectual Property Rights Embodied in Products

12.1 Tomy and GAC hereby agree that any and all patents owned or licensed by
GAC as of the Effective Date (as defined in Paragraph 27.1, below) (including
patent applications of GAC pending as of the Effective Date) in the
orthodontic and related fields (hereinafter referred to as the “Existing
Patents”) will be maintained by GAC at GAC’s expense. GAC hereby grants a
license to Tomy to use the Existing Patents in connection with and for the
sole purpose of producing Products for sale to GAC under this Agreement. This
license shall terminate at the time that this Agreement terminates.
Notwithstanding the above provisions of this paragraph, with respect to the
patents and patent applications which are included in the Existing Patents and
cover such inventions originally made by Tomy’s technical personnel, all of
which are identified on Exhibit 2 attached hereto, GAC hereby grants to Tomy a
non-exclusive, perpetual, and royalty-free license to use such patents on a
worldwide basis for any purpose whatsoever.

…

12.3 With respect to information or inventions made jointly by employees or
representatives of Tomy and GAC after the Effective Date, ownership of such
inventions, and patents upon such inventions, shall be joint, except that
neither party shall disclose such inventions or grant any licenses under such
inventions or patents resulting therefrom (other than to their Affiliates)
without the prior written consent of the other, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.

12.3.1 Tomy and GAC, through their respective liaison representatives, shall
determine which of the parties shall prosecute patent applications upon such
joint inventions, and in what countries patents upon such joint inventions
shall be sought.

12.3.2 Tomy and GAC shall share equally the costs in prosecuting patent
applications on jointly-owned inventions in all countries selected by Tomy and
GAC. If one of the parties chooses to not prosecute a patent application
related to a jointly-owned invention in a particular country, and the other
party chooses to do so, that other party may file such patent application by
itself and shall own any patent that issues from such application. A party
choosing to file such a patent application on any such jointly-owned invention
must first consult with the other party and must provide a copy to that other
party of all proposed patent applications that party will be filing in, or
otherwise affecting, that particular country no less than thirty (30) days
prior to filing such patent application, in order that other party may decide
whether to join in that patent application, and, if the other party then
decides to join in that patent application it must share equally in the costs
associated therewith as provided above in this paragraph.

12.3.3 If a party assigned to prosecute a patent application pursuant to
Paragraph 12.3 upon a jointly owned invention shall decide to abandon such
prosecution once commenced, or shall decide not to file for patents in any
country in which the liaison representatives have agreed to seek such
protection, or shall decide not to bear the patent costs pursuant to Paragraph
12.3, then such party shall timely advise that other party and, upon the other
party’s request and expense, assign such inventions to that other party to
enable it to seek ownership and protection at its expense.

12.4 Tomy grants GAC and its Affiliates that purchase Products from GAC during
the Term, an immunity from suit by Tomy under any intellectual property which
is now or hereafter owned by Tomy with respect to the Products, except to the
extent that any infringement is attributable to any substitution, modification
or alteration made to the Products by GAC or its Affiliate.

12.5 Tomy and GAC may choose to cooperate, if they mutually agree, in
exchanging technical information in the orthodontic and other related field
directed toward improvement of the Products.

11 Art 12.1 states that the “Existing Patents” are those listed in Exhibit 2.
Exhibit 2 does not list any Singapore patent. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1340.

There is also no evidence that these patents were ever registered in
Singapore.

12 Finally, for completeness, it should be observed that the relevant products
in Singapore bearing the Subject Marks also contain both the appellant’s
“Orth-Tomy” and the respondent’s “Dentsply GAC” and “GAC” house marks. The
packaging of two of the products as advertised and sold in Singapore is
depicted here: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1165.

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)
![](data:image/png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAANAAAAECCAYAAACPJVnkAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAP+lSURBVHhepN0H2FbFtTd8zsk5JzlpxhITe4ux9957A3vDbuwVxYIdsffeey+ADXtX7CCKiIDSBASkShMU0Djv/NbtMvf7XJjke7+5rv3s+9l79pQ167/azJ7dasMNNyxrrrlmWWaZZcrKK69c1llnnbLiiiuW1Vdfvey5555lxx13LBtttFHZZJNNirwrrLBC5Nl2223L+uuvX1ZdddW4vuWWW0ae9dZbL667Jp+z/9Wx9tprR1mbb7552XjjjSOv6xtssEE8v+mmm5Z11103Ds+ttdZaZY011ojnHFtssUXZeuuto1xt1RaHa7vttlvUI99qq60WZf/1r3+N/+XxrPJXWmmlsssuu0T/HNtss03Zaqutokx9kV9bXNMfbdhhhx2i3crxTPbNde1XtnYuv/zy0ZakCRrJr079dU3ftEP7/NZ3z6yyyirx3K677hrlqdvz2iO/387bbbddtE8fl1tuuSjD/61bty577LFHadOmTdlss83KfvvtVxZccMGy++67lwMOOCDGdPvtty9t27aNvjnkU766lJ1j67fn9tlnn6Cp+wsssEC58cYby1lnnVWWWGKJsvfee0c+fVOudmnPvvvuG23DN9p24IEHxni7po177bVX9AW9jJlr2oF2yTvu64uzPPgwyzAO+oiW+qBeeY499tjos/Icl1xySTn66KPj+vnnn19OO+20cuKJJ5YbbrihnH322dE35SQ9llpqqXLEEUfEM8cdd1w57LDDok55jjzyyPL73/8+2ok+Du3EO60wAGbEbM46jSgGHqMhpMYmw8mjEzpnwD3vf8T0rP+dPZPA8ZwzZtEIh9+IqC6/EcHhnucN2k477RSdM7Dqcg1zuY+xk+Dq1h7XtE9e1zGN/7P97ruOIJhO/e4r1xkNDJL8+uRIsCOa+pSpPZjIc+rNQTWYnl122WVjEA855JBoqz5gVPW5rx3+1xft8L9D3uy7gVWGfNrsMGDag5aeAzzt0CbX5T/mmGOCEdBUPv97DsMkAwC+s36hFQBgUvmVY8wx0MEHHxx9k0+fgEOfFl988Rgb5WQ/gHTRRRcN+rlHEMw111zlqaeeCsbWzpdffjmY+YQTTogx0Mfrr78+6gCgZFb911bla/tRRx1VHn744XLxxReXww8/PBgcMDt06PBTXa+++mp58skny0EHHRRt+fTTT8v9999fLrjggvLcc8+VL774ovTq1as8++yz5d577y3XXnttOfXUU6MsNNLXyy67rJx00kmRR1v+8Ic/RB+08ZZbbgkBoW1LL7100J+QaIWxEDGlKyZJJkw0GzyEISUxvDwIjSEQEFMgssE3MCpJxsvyXZfPPdeVmeDyGzNgNAPv/2QI+RFXGYAij3q0x/Pqd12HETvbnu2SR336l+01MOrN9vg/+6hvDvfl1Q7lIh4mRzz1u69shzYryzV5PJ9CQR/81i7lJa3VaQD0x7Poo33yugaM/k9wYDbPeFb9+qxubfa/30CAjmhhgEl7DOU5ZeqHvASjdgCa3wCgPoy0//77By0OPfTQkNhoh0ZnnnlmAKdTp07ByCQ8Se55wMHAGLlr166lffv25W9/+1sA8/LLL4/2q7d79+7l9NNPjz6iC6BiYPVceuml5e677w6wtGvXrjzzzDPljDPOiPLefPPNeA4QAcK9xx57LEAFLLRGly5dynnnnVeefvrpcs8995THH388wHrOOecEbWlM5RgjPKx/wKoNtNRFF10U9avzwQcfDJoBK4179dVXx/OpvX73u98FTwJ5K+jXIQNg8BFPBQYqGToZTUMMqANBEMZzrmMa52QAg4Jh3FemgVBOMpd6lem3I0GlDZ7LPOrRHoyCOXTMdQwA0A51GCzEkJc5SiXLpz71yOd/9zEmQHjGoGu38jC53w751Y0ZHQkgA8C8IPnkWWyxxeI3YqYJh9mVgSnlJb2VBTBopw0YxXP6qVxtdtYe7VSPenfeeefoQwLQGThIzBwf2gW9aQj1KcNvg+9/dCddMQ06q1fbbr311nLVVVcF8IAJc958883BWMCHadOUwYwk9pAhQwJMpD8QKY9QefHFF4MepL3+Y+zBgweXAQMGRD4M7fejjz4adNKP559/PsxC/cTot912WwAAGAECYz/wwAOhSYytduoDxtYuwNEPB3AZA+1GR23F+HfddVfQ2nV1afeVV14ZgH3ooYfKxx9/XN54441yyimnhGakxTp37hx0AMi333472tC3b9+o75NPPon+659+tDIIORDJuAjhwAwGj7RzYAIDq/OY1n2D4xn3MCFGdy2ZXJmeNeg6mPcMSj7vQMTUdspXjzwYQ5nK8j+mV162NY80N1MQEACAIy/Jq1z1J/g9rz751a0edNAmzylD35M+ntcObVCPZ9Qhn/sG0X1lOgAI8+ubctRNI3lOezGB+8qVRxnuYxLlaBftoS60c53kd3iOTW/QDeZ9990XDOQa00Y5tEDSF/PfcccdcS/b4R4gYUh9Uo62KZ8U1n6aAKNpDy3Ro0eP8ve//z3yqhtd/+d//qc88sgj5dtvvy3XXXddAAWYMN2kSZPKDz/8ELTt2bNnkT7//PNgRFqL9sHMxx9/fFlyySWjHZ5TJ0Gp70AMDNrpN00BbPp38sknByDcA1pAIQSAC5CB59xzz43fhIXnmG8A6jl9oM3ee++9csUVV4RZp/36qg/a9e6774a2AySC4LvvvotnmO6LLLJIQwNpOKYimQ22MwZGIAPrvgEFKgOCAfwvL4Z2KAdzktTuJeP47Z6yDBpiYogsNwFAksmnHZ4xgP73jHxAhVmTuQ0q5pNHXTrk7B5G8FsZnlUnxvHbQNEAf/nLX+J/zylLOfJlGWigHfpEfTs4ktqtv5gYjZTrfwMO5KQmqa+PfnuOXQ3gDiaAATeANITB6tixY2gIDOse5jB4GIzJhGkwNbNIfeoGGIyC4ZXpGZKU7Q9ItB2m+Oyzz8rtt98e/sdNN90UZghNMGXKlGAkUpd/gtFnzJhR+vXrF4zm2WHDhoWETtMGoPv37x8M6foLL7wQ/dOGJ554IiQ2wcBsw4zKkM/YG+N05vVR3+XRT0wODMAjj+vayqSkETC1dgIusH7wwQfl9ddfj/rTlLvmmmvi/muvvRZmnzbQcNp7f9VgaCgvkAMD7UPjyQdctJOxADDAUz5B6DefSD9pfQmI9APdWmFMjIaJAIRkxhj+N1gYAWO5R2WlqZVaiORVEcbGQBhOeSS/awlKZbmGUf1WZoIHaBJ88mNiRzK28tOMSwZXv7zqZCJpl/ZpG0b1nGeobvf0w+EZoNQfUouqZoapgynkGkmNQAYTcxpI5gCHktQCDAOvDwAIPECDHphJPer0rIN5hPnRKp1g0uzCCy+M48477wwNAWiY0IBjIAPbu3fvMnv27DJ69OgACdCQ7CT+119/XQYNGhR5lcHH+PDDD0NLYCRmxtChQyP/xIkTA6QECEbBWK5hPP2XZ+zYseE/6AdfiC+g/RgHuPUJE6ITmgMV7ZcMiF7aAtzKcb1Pnz5lwoQJkZf5M378+JDuL730UgAeXTHrwIEDo/3KIwQczD1g17aPPvoo+gRAmBp4Xnnllfifb6M8mss9AgOtgS6BzSxTtnEzHniNIDIuNDKewhfAjcZ4AD9pt8PvUaNGBYBmzZoVAorp2ookxoyYjUmCwfyfzmpKccBKsDl7GJOq2LUEIYbGxIidGsj/GN9v910HJtf8dqjLWV6/1Zd1A5wOp9lFoqk7ywQGg4oABp6JwA/wP4mjDPXRHggjopKS7/333w8GAjQRJmcMg+jMCxoAw1HzyiP9MIZn1YH4GIeEx8RUfpoepDkJSqKTxIChPJLxq6++CobA8CQvRpUPsABWf9RDWjKdMAKAYXh+AmbQJgyrne4rH5BpCG0y6PLzczCY8tGW5MV46mUeYXjP6h9Au05I0Fa0lGt8H9Eo/cO4gKlO7R0zZkx55513QggAi+f4DN26dYt+Aor+Y3S+zZdffhmAwdRoIVLHLHKgCUD5rR80BQ1oDPRJW7RNe2lx48pno32MCWuAAAUm/SV0jDugaE/6T/iHFkR3PIGvjLlxUwYgMQk9T+gom5aeOnVqAIjgxJOtMG36NQCASRHZoXFsVXloE4yGYUnehRZaKBh5mer8ajDACAMDgMZptGvKo/4wuzIwnXvpo5AC6sGITC/IloeUoF4BAvF0ROd1SscNPIbXltQIylUe4tJsTA5Sjf+gLgNDQHhefQCK8UlqzMGeRyQmxFtvvRWMy3ww+N9//30wLsbTDhLcNdKe5KYlMKaBYjaRVpgWw5Gy8isPoGk3khzgSFl1aTMwKAOABEHY2OZyMDhzSJ8NMPqiD+ZFK5LWsxhAezEsUwRjkvhAIIzL/5BoLw7+5MmTAywYWpo+fXo8T+J7Rv+cSfXhw4cHbSR1YSLaBQDGjRsX7Z82bVr0WRn6RFB5XpsJEiBLbewa0xWICIt55pknBB2Q4IH0z4w//jJeDuOLefUZ8+M3Y+t/44rPaEcmITqyBpSnLJoPj6ETwQ8oNKe24G39MjbMPfUyBdHyT3/6U4wzYSDpO96Hl1YYjQTH0MDhf0wPXfPNN190RINpDpW7BxgOEksHMDhNhoE1hEmj0aQ5cAKIcuTTaYOu8cwdzKHTmJLEQAh1KNdvBAUeBFCucqhUEocppJ3KwHgYhvomcRGducVskZ9zSWqaC0BA4JIP8zNPtOW///u/Q2tgHJpBHQaY1Pvmm2+iPExHOpK+TCgSFeH9bzCS2QESWNxjnhowmo0kUzdTkZmhP0CNRgQG6YjBmJYkI4YDNkBjFpHG/qeBAEiftZeJx1HH1MwdYHUGGr8BXF9JdGeH+vg5GF95QMI0kgfzAz2m95vWMT5oZ1wwv744aHx9JShNuOofGhHKgEOAiAqiCW0JMISAskaMGBFCEQ8qV58ICprauKEnDWN8AIR2d00+9aIrC8X4Yng84T4QyON/vJMCGd0BJgMOysWLeJDGM8b6Lx/hArT6BEDolADSfpiJlQgaT5MYaCDSKFrHNYyJgPJ5ABFVgkgAA1QkNsJgJoRN6YJhMClGQBxEVhZpBUzOGAPTYxoH1Y8QiKAcatfgkoLKoraVRUIgCMbTNhIP85CsGIftTPp61nW+BAbD5AZUm0gkfoAzyUMDGXRtYIYAMjPKAGFUeWgsbXDfPXQAcG113WAYcBqAJNZfAMSYNBgAABjJjbGZhDScNjs8g/mYOM76xXyiSdN8YnYy7ZSt7Z7DqMrnt9CSAJ0ANhbMJ8LEOKE3CU17c8AxImmNnrQ62gMrze1/mttZPx0YDU0INM8p09gYP1qE021cmZxJP4yIYdEonyUsjAXmJqQBDB2NpzYxCQEUMOXFe9qB/5SrfHVqr2vomu1PMAKSOpUHSK47gBhI9FMe/UAz/UMnY4ZuLDGClPadOXPmTwDCG5RKTKQCDnBgHr+pJoTQEZKK86dj1CxAkRw0AyZEPEQweGxh0hABMbyGAiQmw3CI5ln5mFw6LGF2xPKMAQUsdZKqmJkUxVCYnZmBmdKco6l0GiARmTkBJP/7v/8bWlId7qWkYhZpD2kmH41JohtETJiDQSuxizGqdqEL0AI0MGEiA6JfmFob9QswlIceBgadgDqjXPoHGMw8Ek1Eh7kH5A4+hH4yo/zWV4JJP9DIgOuvNgGjQabpaXaMzvbHHKQ3JkNbfVUGqQlUytIXIML4xpRwMI76TVsQiswfTGo8RZzcByogV7520KAYVbvQ2LMEJ7M6QWfMARkttYOQMXboAxTa7zemxWfyqxfoaAg8ZlyMuXbTKvrgnFMKxlj71O05dbumfiADIAKHCWhCGE3U6b42EzD4AR0BRl44mHvuuaPNkjFMIIkZcAFa+cF3YTcyJRyYBZjmn3/+MnLkyBhwJo2OppmhARqrQlI+Q6UcW7aiKAoJR4JojAECKMjVUGFUZ88hLOZJh5P6pj5JaAOKAEwa0poZhnkwL2ZRPiZCCGYjaUOakHaIjpAGzLMknMHxvAHQD3UZGHmAlcnGJ6JBtBmT6z8m0U+/aTLSCqi1m6bjXGJ8PoAyAEw9iM8s1C8+T9ah7foOUOhm8DEN8OoLJjAOhBgmSwZzMP30U4AA8DGHPGihHMAwNhgAIxtL9AJm/Ve2/MAEKH57humE3hgI3dj52QfSNgUN0NEwxo8QRX+0ZbWgE7PPc+ozdvLou+eZR+owRoSPcZYHPdBFW4BL/xI08gILQNBG+oR2yifotQlA5eVWEBSsgIy44Tvlsmz0XV8AVR5tUr6AizFVbobtYYP5ZmwlmscBQAQvrLQilZepppqgABDRGAgOVP/1X/8VmoDpQLqShhlj12md0hkSyTWSgJZyncliEEgozKkjpLKBNdCAoLEG0ZmUQWSSDGPQEjpJOhpYA4ywiAEcjlSzmAYgSBHXMAuAksjASbOQ6CQyBicU1EVbMo+0K+8BhIFl/2MKvgPzj+bhEKMHk0u/aRug4ldpp3ZoH9qQnEwp5gDm1xfmgDwGk9RDL/3EdEAD0PxDDApMJBxtgo7og9n9BnBMjoENPlDoj7ZgbIJEWYSOdpHa2oAp9A3t0ISfqL3KciYcABhjqg+zGSuCQtuNizYQLPpgnJP+6mFOYyp+FQBou/5ro/zaCewApFztMLYYXX7gUg5eAga8kgIRTQFKmc4EuDZjfOafZ9AY/dBVP/ALIeDAE2m5oKs+K0MbCHqWDPromzr0g0bVv0zAgx8ACLBgpRUzBWBygtFD/ucXzTvvvBG9kZgCQIGR2OUGAtNiPCYX9GIoAEAQzEeiOAws4iMQGx0jug84ymOLIgBGxExMJAOM4BiaoylSRKuRbrQCUw3zM4VIeMRhKmF8fgFwAL22us/0wyDqFAhAbNeUS7MmQWlLA4QJSTP5gdfAA4Xn9I80xEBUvMEVPjZoCG4QMDD60HDMHqaGephFGF8ZGBuQ3MNIybRolb4hgUCiYiTtwwyYQF3yqQuYPavt6KhtDgDyHMAx//QRvYFV/cohbY0FJmWuY3j5jYN2YUJ9oCGcMbhr6JCaBy+Q5DQmbaMc9MfY2qRP6mPqoiEhoF34wvP6on4gR3v8gB6YWxuAwjPazeIBHGNC+NB6lIDfaM5E0z60QRO/Pa8+PAVcylSXMSXYs2z16b9xggeAEjxI0425rV8AROGouxWkZaSMj+IM1YghU04e8Uc4rxpBe1BrOsuBxbQISNqb2KOxXCO5Mb+8wOEeQAAis4Ukx/RMIIzst/poC/UBAtMRWJRHwwCq8ph3tCFAqpuJBnDmEYAWsA24QTT4CON/hHKPFCS1DRRCYWb9p9ZJPkQmWUkj0stAAAqmMWC0qsHH4AQIUBhc95lvNIiBVq/BxUAGTBtJ32QGzA8EGFJbMIAymUCCNABjsDE6psY42ovJtYm2UD6GofGAVX/dU777+qpsgJLPoX7P6SN6AZ6+MpHkAzYCFa3QxDOYn4BUtzYDaTKr5/1Wjz4DDpqijT5qk/HUT/USTmhG63sOaNCMKUYDY2r01t90F5SH54yH+j0DnPqpXLQzbvoM6GimH5SEOo0/kPlN+Gmj+oBIXdqo7+iI9/Ev4IjA0jzC/6mBTC8wr1vRNEBDytE+LvJThIeFdQFAopb9pgVIboWxX4GAA82MYwr5n1ZgPgEak8d10p8moDWYUECmocDEb+IL6HCaQVS+DmEe0p25YYAxueAAkwITYzJSD9OR7ghqoA2k/OxdREUg/UJ4RHImmUhPBDdI+o4ZSCsaCBidtQdttMlv9RkAA65c/ytLGw2SvpLumBEzAbF2Y3zlq9uzGAdzdunStdZ/djlg/79VaXxauezyKyoTXVOZ5tA6+NtXJjqlXHvN9XXwj6hjtXmtZ7dy3rkXlDtuv6ucflr1Vw4+rJx7zvnlrjvvKaeecnplmo613TtHmXfccVfp/vqb5cwzOkb5HTt2Ktdde0O58IKLyzHHtitXXX1NnDue1ansu9/+5fDDjoy69t5n37L5ZltWBn+lSu0dKq2rWXiIBacXVaH2Ubn04svLCe1PKieecHLZZ9/9yt133Vtuve32ctcd91TNeWe06cADD6pjem858ICDynnnMxufrmOyX9U27Wr/O5QLzr8o+rnttm0CGIcccnBMo/gNOAQUkAEH2tNUQAJA7qGnvM7GHM3R1BgAOcARKEw2AsxY4BeAAWD/4xOA5Woo0zV1M+kARQKi9INoIbz/n//5n1FWAEhmDILZMBkTzrwOHygBZM6DOhNJcpZoDMwILNBKkjE7mFM0FY3BXNI5nQcaapvkp4k8i8kwpd8ajxExJ4mG0UgiGpHkoOYRhjSSj2Qj8TEwacShRFBEkcdvxDLRhtETSJxwxNUujAwwAAiYJBYgGzRg5Cxqr/IJAoQ3YOokjYEU+FLCua5ObTAo+uIZh4GX12DSCsps06Z1OfP0M8uee+xVx2HDqp0qEO66p1x6yeXlmKPbVRpUv+X6m8rFF11ahcu15fZb7yztjj2+bLrJ5lWjHVvbfXE5rl37sv9+B1aB9FjV0E+W1VZbo5x62ukBqhtvvLm269xywIHVZ635zj6bYKrMfwLwHxxg22Wn3cqx7Y6rY/NAAPPE9ifHfQC+/PIrK9OitYWfV1fh8Fztx+HB/O2PP7HssvNu5fzzLiyXXnZ57e8uZfHFlgxw3Hnn3QGW02vfTj21AeobbrgpytQvIO3a5dEA6K677h70M5boiUcELtAIfxh3mgztcpkUWuIF1gAe8b+x8wy+MK7GyTjiKzyJR/EF7Yuf5EkNhj8JU3yA/5nfEvDwfWghZyYcExWA8GCYcEADSEw5QBJMYAMKCIgaeUiEzJn2ocYULOmMTlGHtAVU6gBQYCSNxKwYiY1J7SNW2sDyaIjOeg7TM3V0yP8YXid1jKRAEM96jvSWF9AQ3lk+hJTHASQIzfYFHGV61sAgElOVpnOfeeW6wAbtpnz9UK/n9MFguqZd+iOP/mg3oMqbIWCgMeiekcegGTyDrC4Mo63nnHNeOeP0juXkk04pF114STnrzLPL8ceZrzipgu2EkPLuYcwzzjgrAABUt91yR4DjkEMOK0cfdWy58Yaby2GHHlEOPujQ0EyPPvZ46XAyTbxfOafTeaEZ2rc/Mco88sijG9cqIA8/4sjQTo8+8nht+/UBjksuuqxK82PKKR1OK48/2q0y8INl/vn/XE3mh8uVV1wd+dsdV/2oQ+sY1Lo9p32eueTiyyJf27Z7l+1b7xhteOyxJ8oVl18V2uiA/f5W+3tWpWf7AJo+XV61Lg2AbniBJULAEHp4yLjTMOjnHl4zniwRY2BsWACElnx4wfjSJujNpwQQAFKWwz35CDsAlN9YCdlzJZrB4zffGwYoDADCl600AICAx2+AMCdEAy288MJhjtE4oloedigwtRCmIKWpVsxCIpDCOokQ7usYBiShAQiz+5/W0XnPOmN4wMHwOuR/ZZDYOkoTYFplZueZRv7H+JjR88wubfCcuoFBXsQFZppSX3MVhv8RTjQGqJVpgAAA8Ukw2tPAGFTLm+QHPGUCh3Y5+GXabaCYD+r2HNB5Rru0z2/MgA76uu+++1dm2TPOtBDpvsfubSvY+TkXVgF1Wx30M2s/963PtivXXH1dmD97td0ntBcGf/XV10PaAwhm/uST/uXqq64tSy7xl7LHnm3DhGKCASgtdsWVV5V7774/wImZr7jiqmB+2q9Dh1NDwwHoB716h7Z69NHHqwk/MMpfeeVV45mNN960PPxQlzqWt4aJd8mll9UxZn7dWOnaNcqgsQBenwCXZrz8siujjUxMeTt2PDsEF1MNvdGLk85/MY4EFKGFlimk/G98BWLwDOGdAk0AAV9QCHxHvrPxASJngFNuhr8JcZqIuUeBAAweZ3kx2ySKwwFoXqoLE04ojhZivjHl+EM5N/THP/4x/BUpASRBZQKIasScgKNBmAcR2Po6Tb3qEIKkr6HBACCfZzAlacynwlAAhSiiIRgY0/sfAD3LVIN+eT1LmrgvL8b3PCaljRARUdM/on3SBxIV1E/Eds0Em2gVMJJ65lEQK+1mdaSGMngGUZ0Gg+kKFPrgf/eZofpIitKUAKdN2p2Ai7ZXUGA+2gNAaBgmD/+n7Z57hzYKM23/A0Patz/OkijvttwfDLrN1tuFDwNUzz77fKX3IVUI7FRuu/WOYNTwm6qpdfNNVk4cUo48/Ohy3jkV7I88Wp3tOyrzNXwv2uCiCy6pID8oNElqP6DbdtvW5ZVXXiv33/dgtI856bn55ps/tAuAa597NJ3y5TnpxCpMqkYEWuBu104E8+TQYFdcdlV5/LFulSesWu8UmgA/oA96ozth5v/UMg484L6xN67GgNlt7I0bIQ0oTGy/8RrB6L4xMU6uoz8w4lPC1/hyF5jqEh7nBwETv0fyP35cZpllGvNAuQLBGcOQygBEjf3yl7/8yQdyhkYFMOOcm005kp80wCQ6w0TByBAt6pRzFqmFONaIIcojL0YTTRN9wlQIQYrrvI6TDq4hpvukNzDqOOmj3RiVraxckgeYDYozAmJ8z7OvSTbawX3l0gL+Z4oaEJoJcT2jPkESg0LQaK9nhOPdt7qBdiQsgJEwUb8QOu1GMGEEfTeA6iQV0QpA21X/A+Nh1MMPPzIYDIBIaGbWPnvvF9rozTfersJrdvnii5HlnXfeK0OHDitTJk8r06d9UwZ+Njic+9mzvi9vvPFWNW+81r11HYNdy3rrb1DpeEqAZOutt6393DE0Cw1xzTXXRZ3yJRCOO7Z9ufWW28tOO+4SGu6aq64rnc45NzQfIOy9175RjqDGyy+/GtrpzjvuDjAz25566pkqKC6uY3t7mHLtjjk+6mRKCi6cc27t0777hX/l95ZbblP7enIIJxodiPAT3sGk6EQw4SNjLQ/6o7W8eANNBZucCWv8ZqwFhvAQYccqIsT9T2ATZsZaHgIX37M6MqXCwON4X6JIBNzwAU3VCuIAR9TNb41mznldQRBB1EwBwsppuikYeLICCUMoVAOAQadJeRoA4zkwPDBAvoaLmNAyJAnmxYB8Fh1EGPeBLg8mEfPP8wgAGPLQLMDjuZzoVaZntIFkITUQnfSibZhSAM5EFPL0G0H0iTCRFyjS3FImEy/NOnUbIPU7a7t2MRXY5gCobwbM8zSQgVaOZ5UP6Gef3bFK4SciWsVcY07xiZhQJDPT55Guj5U+H/Wt9Ce0vi/f1vPkyVOrXzq5TJo0pV77Lv6fOnVamTHjm9LvkwHlttvvCJNJZG7bbVoHCI868phydsdzanuPK6d2OL3S5oxGHdW5X2ONtUJjPPRg5/Ctnn/+xeofrlzb2SHMQ76TA9CZmNq6zTbbhVbT3uuuuyEigBdedHHp1evDsvNOu4YgYL4xS4GPZqNVaUEABGKCQoTw4Yc7B30I1rRG0AxfoDGhm34kE4/gARTXjDG+Qm/PABGhZ2wdxpGwA0rjJD8NplzX5MFDJkflxeOpcZoTU05kFuDwCty0on34A9BHLQEQ25NzLYwtiKBAczVMNylVm0NFnCumnIZQu5iD9AYCBNF592gLAOEskgYkMsmsIzQE5mL66DxA6pyza357HgEQUZnKz9l85dF8pJRyEVQezItYJBdtB0gkGOIDHKlHa9F2BID5JItKATBNTvUwB9jJ6gNC7ZKH5lO+PASHNqhDnzyDGQyYdrimTH3xDGCfe+451fm/KTQMRmfyiJx17/5mBcikCowpFSSTK42/Ll9+Oa5Kwhk//h4boJk8aWqVitPq/2NK79596tiQmKKm00u//p+Glvpy9NjwUQAHgAAL4zO1aA51bbDBRsHwDz7wcORl2q211jphYjERhcUBTRhcOVtvuW05+shjAzyeEVL/69LLlr8deHBE17Zr3SYightusHEIA74VLbjb7nuUNq13KFtvtW1oOSYjgAEPMxhtjSF+YSWgpf9pG+MMJACE1sYuzW3jSbj6jcYEOD4yLsryvDHDj3jQdeAkOAkyr4/AAN5mYSWvAw3FIVEalnh5RpCNMI0wNj9AIAED0T45o/yb3/ymSpNeIZUBJW3BdKr8r0IFOyOAgjELhk5pgFl0wpGSmIrFnIikwzQUYMhLwiMMZiXVdRbTAQDNiJCIwOxCEIDBqMpFQAABNialfiEUs43Uco8KxszmnoAW09O26sT02iyP9hhQeeXRTj6jSV3lIaAy3ZcXaFNrAaQBTbCjp7Ypz1n7Hccd166aeBuEdB84cFCZMG5imVQ1i0SbOGiZV1/tXtvbpdb9aRk8eEiVhN3DjHvxxZfLR70/Li+98Erp329AmfntzDJi+Mjy+efDQjNNnVKd4Nl/L9/M+LYywrcRNub4b7LJZgESZZrT2WjDTQK4zz7zfKVp6zDtMDzz7rzzLqgMtnSM8YYbblz22/eACF0D/ZlnVV9t2+3LuZ3Or2N7bB2740uXzo+ULTbfqrz6yuvVrGobc045J3TJJZdVIXhYpeWF5eM+n0T0zjNoYT6QUGNp4CE0M+4my/EE8DC7OP54AUDkwQ9obPzxGIGFtzJARUAyvWgP42KcjbF5SNMpwEP7sEwyaEBhSPqc7wHBgamZX/ziFzHBHT4QwCgAaNJhwyQkKx8oNZBlMQkU6FRJopMmypXFlvMwpzA+UwXzOzdrFdqJxsF8zB0MqPMAAUBpDjWrYYfAhHukCR+IRiB5gMJzyjEAiORQBv8DkbUBQQFGO6hsms0zymMjm10GAuYD55TWUh6ws6/RBgAIB+UYCNKLUCAR9cfg6j/tov0YQz4DTPOqC+A9p8wDDti/StTLq7R+qvqZjWVT48aOL4MHDQ2wMIfefPPt8E9oDFGrBx54qLbzktLp7HPj3hdfjAoQPf3Us2XChK/KkEGfh39z7z33B5jGj59YBZ85jL+XsWPGl2eefi7mYYSoMe9mm21R22oF8m3lxRdeLtdce11oE6ab+vfb74DwxWgf2ompd+ftd5ezzjg7zDnt6dbtqVh8fMYZZ5b33/8gyqTlYj7qvAquo46NvEccflSYk/wnGo1ftFXVZmjHnDW+fEz0IgCNszGhUQDIeDDH+MrGzjjjAQKTYMoxMd6AhcbGy5jSXISa6/IYG3XxYQHWvKaEx813SpQE3pYASDQWgAQe+LqxmBSIhKKZbwon5RFDRtJWgZbhAIoEKBlEgFhnFTmsVSOZMTyHHGEwssbqvE5iIJ0iKVxLppaHxGYGCqcjBolDomNIk7Oew6CAibAYn4pHTPXSEjpHG6qfFkMcsXtE9X+CyYCQUAbN2WAoSx7LTrQF0bWBcPG/fqXGBDADRChol76RlCQoUGkDYOVz8ukzcAqFAzfpOHr0mGBw6e2334lws4gXs+eG624q777To7z04itVu9GCF5bLLr0imJs/Yt6IJBdEEFBgstE+zL633363vNn97fLeuz3L0CHDquDLcOz3ZdjnI2LClh8y79x/rALoqPLQQ53DJxLO5t8A62OPPhHhbgxPm9Ba/CKTrsB3w403lVtuvi3mdfhRN910SwQWRBMBxPXTK6gAdIUVVipbbrF1ufqaa6M819S3dwXUxRdfEvQnoDA7ocU6wY/GGp+gHcFLMLmHnuhP+PJ9CWD5jXuag8bDmMrjYI3gJcB0AClBmm/r4mH8jMclZyZd/rZOEy5YPvFKNxOHxuH/MOX4PyJINBBzjE/gQQBq6VgBlgq9yZiVSMwYWgHT6YSOM7EwGDCRJg6MBQwY2v8IJS9HHKgwKOmC+UhuBNBZzK8cZQMOu5RKRiyqm0RRJi2DYDQVEBkgeRBaGfISGpYc6T+1bG2fMDniyqeelG7a6zmgMkAAbwCUSShoiz47DLiBBCRAVYayRO1oRP6TdpvV5stMnz6jCqXZNY+3dA8Iif5h748qYzwa8yycewzdpcsjoQlEuTAzgJnvkQ8A3nuvZ0TiZlSTTZBhxtffxGsWT1et0+Pd9wNkU6c2IkqSd45E52gfmkXYGuNbTkRDdauacfPNtwwN9GS3p8MsExhQ36GH1LE99YxK23YxQXrP3feVm268pVx3zQ2VLrsFwE0GX3XlNdU0vq+svoZNaNrEUiJmoLA3DSTMvueebUOIoTstLrCDhrQ+AcbcMh4EkqVSxgPtjZVxwTf4AbgIWrQleF3DV/LjJTzkGUAzjkBAG0n42ZKdXLYjJaBYXc5MeQAiBM2VtuL3+GEWXcFAA0SkuW2cqCwAsqCT1vFboVLzb2eVUHMWCNICGAzTmFtBDEwGDDQHRtIxACIhHJgZ0+soQiIcaYEI7gOChmNGmo2aR1T/I0g6/ASAs3IQ2dyWvJ5XLlOKycdBBSpt0Q75mJdAYuAAmDY0eOrwPMbXD2Vbx6d9ad7pr2cACIAJDcBFSwIALZgQNB7NAzwGi7lwZwWHtWUmJwHhs88GVTB/HObRZZddEaC5++57CmoPHfp5+C5AZb7Fc6+8/FqlwSExl0RDfTrgs+r7fBcBBgDt/WGfAJwInWADs0/CFCZKBQZog1h2U/2aE048qay/3oblySeerjTYJrQNf0XAgXYRLTzyiKNDoxx08CEx56RuGo0GS5+HhnQf8GknkTrzQsxPJp7JY5qW8Nlt98brExgbv9D0BCNhZbzwJaHEfHPfeNNCxiMFJvoCk+eMOcHMOjCu8uA/IMM/eEkMQKRZwrvGIy2tTMnbDmUBEKEYUTghOUt2NI7JxLTgD4lIiMLRQArOELbCnSXEZ8LRPvIIdacm0njMRGJwuNmagKOzOo4ItAwm0ylMpw0Iw0Hk4HPo0x+CfMyIURGRJgJSxEpt53kDQb0jHODSQAjFJGMmAopnEYB28Lz6gYMGYpoBLm2MBoCp/coTxqa6ObWuGwQAVJ7+Iq5Bci2ZQPtpHFJTP2grNEVDAmjGjOm1v7dV4bF+TIZ2frhrOPqffjqo+ivjysiRo8pzz71QwXlpBfKj9Tk2+fQKvvERSCDFmV9AMXz4F/UYUV54/qVqLTCxv4u8ZNy4cROrGds9ghJvv/VuldD3xThpB79JQALji7bRHCd3qObRbm1jfR2z0W8MT3sILJgIvaiaXSZzgV4QZMEFFy4f9fm4XHj+xWXXXXYPMAE+UN568+3l9tvujLV2EW2sZiBA0T40GLrlnJszrWDsCCXmHDoa7xTANAnhyIdGV/8DENAZH8ACIuY0nkteIwgJZGNmjD3fnJK38XNaXACE75sBpC0i2LGUB4CARmW0AE1kTohm8jqBgfaKgUJV4KzQ1EDMgEQth0tFmB1T6yRiYF6EAQQAIoEBAeGADGEwJYmP8QCI1NZxBzUtX0ZgSCX+D+bEsJgZc2J0/hNJJqpC4xAS/BpBCMQlOVxTB21DcGivyBvTAfD1nb0LxNoGVEwMZoHrBsdvhFSHQTT4Bou5kD4RDWXQTKj67TrNg0YiQ4MGDawa4MM68BcFg33wQe/Sp0/fMmjgkADJW2+9U0FunmKPABoNNKsCY+bMWdXU7RaS3uoDoOlWtcXMb2dXE252mTZleh2fhnUw6atJ5blnXwjACXs/8fiT4cgPHDi4zJr5XRk7bny0aZVVVyu//e1va18uClAw64TLaTn+T48e78e9gw48JEAk7C0gIUDAdBOyvv66G8taa64Ti1NNpFptcPqpZ8ZKbxO71s4BlwWlfCdai6l42mmnx3gSbLliHS/6bR0bMBlXlgUAoTX/nfYnrIyBPMaZMHMQfPhOXoLVOAIZQcjvZ3UpGx8bi0x4nHJwpNXlmjHDwwCERwJACvLDGRqZMSowF/If//Ef8QqCh71YpwBJwYlUGkcFBoA2AiD3gQogNVilzCbE0AkagmRxXccQAENiYtfT36G2MaE8CITZgYV0ASbMq71MJIQ1AMoARJKI1pNfG9xPbQZk8gGZejwnZA+AGN3gycMUBHbPGCiSi9YiEFxTP+0HxPrm+RxMebSfgEBfQon2EsxgJpBuaAhQ+1STSJRt5KjRsd6MryH6ZYWzaBu/w/wN6U2jTJ/Or5kUefgo3R63R8MLYdYJE5sEZfox4aZ/bfX8D2HKMQu/rs8LMgCBfOaVJGP2zrvvxXUmlhA2/8S8FNPOUqD77n+gESDYa99oy1FHHxPr8AQsmI/8Hst/aCqhbOUAGYD4vddezKszIvwNoMLmgHnsMcfV3zeVo485OmjJ3DJW+MfYo5GxxzdoDBSEL+FsjAAE3+AhY8e6Ma7yep7wTf/Vs0DGurBkR7/5iBQBxYCXk88l9zMiZ8zwEQARhibcYy2cCJyGWAvGjGEKMd8wiXi4wq2JU1gmhaowEw2lYkdep20458wmGoeWACQMpiEY3G+MjGEBA4O6hhCuI4qOY2RmFtVLymsbaQXs6RQCDTAglg66R2oBkbxAIw9twodRH+0GpJjcch1tVLd7aMD/0VZ1ohHiA4nyRdHQSj2iQPpIQHgZy1IobQQkNKBZ3SdYJK9J6z/zkv/Ah2FGiZi93/ODct+9D5R1q1l37jnnlU/6fhJS/pJLLq20JcxGRaTOJKdo3aNdH49n+DfAdt1111ewblfH4vt6zC5jvhxXxlRzkC8EgFOmTC2vVXOOFhs0aGiZMf3HdV7V7FPWVlt7DXq7YH5+j7r5PHwai0n5NQ/c/1Cs0dtqi20qA34VE6iCEXwpS4DMEzHfBBn4SiZdc3nSCcefFGansq2nO+lEi1mPDyGOvmm20SL4Ae2NI2FlfAh6wog5bxycjZfxdd0BPP535BxeCmNvERsPfI2nvXIj+f/nDokbQygCEKsl5oFE4QQOMJALAMU2BCYMI4wNEN4YbQZQ+kQA4+x/+ai89JPMHWFU5ZImJAnmxMzMJ6YQJkIwkgGISHKg4eA7Ix5AsV9zYtJ1jOo3QCEyjeTA7BhbmX4zUZmSygAuYHImvWgUBEHczEMCek5wQoBFQAQQDJC26o82GQjAUZfnANFA6ifH1DMknDajrT6btJNE+oCY9vSsCT6a5/XX34gwtLVk3r0xU9/340/Ka6++HlGr66+/IZ7vU/2Miy/kEz0WwLESwGSraJwV2TSYZ2d80zCraaCpFTg0HClqjol5+Pnnw2OuqW/ffuXbGQ2p675lOb/61a9DSzxw30PlnuovWahKy1i5YOWA/80ztW6zfax0AB6RQYtNgW+jDXwSpWNct4SIxmp/womhzSJYcnz7eC3CkqLjKhCPr/8bT2NJuxA8hCJz3rgSoAAAVCJsFgIbI/TGC/gKsJhWaVkAnKAPXiD0XGf+A5Dxk/A04S/NCTh54GdKA2ATQAAfO5Pmuh42PbUEQMyiX/3qV/HqNLXG7AAQgFFgAsc9/wON+w6ITp8Iw4nmYTr+B5MGo1HTDozGz6CZEhCIJx9GxqRsXUyPaBgPCABKPtIGE9JSnkUYGg+zIhZVjdDyKgOxLYxVLp9GyN0A2fear2ILp1//+tcRTOH4a7O2mRczONprspi2MqAGRR+VwTY3wDSOZ2gvhAZOKzowJ3oJVDBH1OeNXYAxgUm6e3uUJho+7IsIOX83+/vQGHwNK6ufetIWuM9Vprg0npswYWKAThI04LMMGPBZGTd2Qhk/bmJoF6ac0LW6aSFm26BBQwJ0fT/pVwb0+6yOc6/6PP/27+Wj3n1jZYbwtdA2c9Ak6NJLL1Pp2D4mSZll1udZ5sO023N3X55rXen1cIAC4P2mabzvY5UCs1DEjdmm/YITVo0z7YwpoUlQESgEKjBhfC/CEZqEPYHHT0Vzlge+wguEoXE3RgQxABGSylCmcTNepmdoM2Yb8ODdZrMtAdPykGCAtcbc528RzhFEMHEKSBpAW3DeDLq91XIlQjNQ/O/IgqWcUJWSUSRhcM45U4UfQQW7xuTJqAhnnx0LQKQ84iEYAuhsTnLSDlQy4qTJ5zomJqGADoBoBVpF+fwUg2BwmAWeV6Z+agvwkSocSvXTgJieKaEOIAdEqxRoE3X4X91MytRO6iItARmRaST1WuXhbMAkprA+A6YZdQLq6aefDYD0+uDD8vprvrAwMHwWZpdZ/X79+ofW4ZOssvJqoX1cH1edfyFtE6bff1+lZGX+z4cOj9XYmUTdmHw/VJe1DlmYdFYjABvTbsL4r8J8FFAwwSpxqIHFYlKvaMcK7aohRN7MTwkguCdqxwR7990e5aEHOofJ50U8AQ+hbwEFYGFqMuNE6iwRMjfER8q3XQHr0EMPC+YmgPih6EmIG3s+DWAQ8gBk/AGG9sEnhCqaGj+ayPjgCb6v8aLRjJPAEYFKIKeAJ/Az8CU1g6b5kNDF6hwKh7YD6AgiGHAMRCq7qCKaiA9gklEBKgKa1ECScwKLegMceTJppPteysPYOmVXGMEDnSaJOYskAyajcRDQdeYP6ULSIChpjmE1HOMri3oGdMTFvIiHgal+kgdRAQsYRO/US0sgICCxk10nRORXv+sIntIKmAFcO4BQfQZFPQZTvf4HNu0AcgIDWAkD2sh8kWALASOfPtN0Qutm1h977PGYaKSFelZNIBQ9aNDg0DSW75jXoQWEjM3eM4eYaWPGjo11WgA3atSXFWgDYoLTKgHgMx58JL6Iwff7+RdejFULqYlM3vbt069efynGcXoFnHHjn7BAAEaYme9Cm4jIeWkOmC0kBSYm2hlnnhXtBG7BBUuF3njzrbLrbrtHqF0QxLtNRx5VtcrlV4QmsqjVi33egCVguQ0EnzExDsxeY8pkM5YpPAEFL6Aj4QVExgePGUPjYVyAjGDmOgAbQLJSROea+TRTKoU5He6hIfMNv9BAFE0AyCCTyrkqge9D4spsfZACAARhmwEkpRqUEjBZqYM5xz/ClDQQ9UvyMp2ABlOT+hgPA2JcjEnycPQwNhDIg5jMP4wJgAinTITD6MwoRBbiNgjMNkIBKBEWYyvPZuEIazAsDkRU/g6m96xACnAaAOVhdoyuTQaKRDTQ6qcBHUBPm3kmI0naqj5bgmXSXlrRfds8PfHE45VJnyz3V6fcwtBPBwwMDWH5DiDwc0xm0lAmI13j3/hf9Gv8+AmxlIcZZz0cbUDjCE+PHv1lmElm/z0j5E0DEIZMOqB+7vkXoky+ilGkyWild95+LwAk/L3iCiuXZ559roL/8vCDvEFqec4Rhx0VfgxzjPlGowjF0zSAZcWC/LTka6+9XjXD7ZW5T421cUDDHxKgMLmKF3JKAADQ1LgTOOhMcBHy6G7i07tWBCUhByzoie7MdWNn7AlZmswYCOwAqeel1Dz4E5+25NuWhwRAXuWmgYAxTDgOL8AAEs2DkcwJARR1lWFs9p9KsqI5Idh1YHGQfgCV+TyPQKQG/wEIMCctQ7oggt/8FBJHR+VFQFqDOk6VjPERD5EzjMxkQiySBuH4KcDKDDQo1lcBKN8DkDIaKC8QZ+QGgJmyynfwmVwj9QgY4CHRPKvdfgO8crTDgBow/WBKGnxTAFZyYFgA8qz5NbuV8v+Eo611s+5MqJnUF+GyNEZoOhizaiL+yF133xMrFTjzInFWBjCRLOFx9K0+lWTMTazSBBiexrL0RqTOXFPnLl1jnZpQtgBGx7M6lcnVbISi72Y1xpsvOHjw0LLFZlvFKgYMv902beJ89533xvIecznrrbdBhKJtXOJNWRrSLj3uCYMLStBgjz3yRGhQk7W0oolWE6k0VPv2J4QpzfwSYDK2xpLAIrzQGJ+iHeGIxu4DGdrjFc+jO2GKn4DI4VkmO+sFaPCmaZcEB57+d30gAQgWG6smgghsdAMt7EryWhvEJ8JM3vvmjEMrHwcYHArMKJyUEbjm1FxxLlnRcWaQDjkwJ6bHeDrMTkUM4KG+AY5EBxjb6dIUzC9Mx4xDZEyOwT0HkKQPpuVnKVtnhTFpHANBE+onf4ZphuDqpi0MDm3lngiZsgDN3I2y0AmgBVtIOloN8LSLdtQORDVo5rIEY4DYoElMOUIK6EhRAAJsmsXEqQlO+xF4fYBpYz8Dq59Jfi/Vec9GCNleCN6/ATAawspr794Ih2NegYaPPvo41tB5g9RLdVYNnHvueTFmAgjA5LWC5555IXwoE6FC4JkaAPpNGTdmQjj5zDdr8axr48OYzxEYsJxo1513jzb6X1/MBVksygx0eJ1h0UUWrTx1XDnl5NOqUNstwGenIbsJ8Z3wBfoChPEgxAhOvrIVJawRtCNcBXeMJ9AAGMsDn+AZdDdWxg7AWCeEJj6xbyGhnhvksKqAB6Ck5O05HZJxZK0JMClb3CBe6eZYQajVBw5MijGo8HylW+EkKLBohEJdy0p/LkF2AsyKV5Kc1gBQBMLUGTTQWaBCsJwYkw/TykMFI8z99/MFTg+CIUyqa89iYMwMjDSOfglF06gGhQaQHyhJO/XLZzBE+Wg5ZRIstJq2MDld984IgaJsoEEj7fIsEwLw2MVMPu23KQs/JxMT0ZSBekTlLJrVl549e9XB/LaC7fay2657hIS3zIXkxoAAY9IRcwINzQFItItrfCXLZYSc3RPFM4/kbVZgZDaZj6GRvpkxM8y/P/9pwQArkAmZO5iBdThDCwEQC4TmEY62msBqhx7vvR+rswUWgMQmIRaPxtusD3QOX40/J/J27XXXx1o5phuNShicdsoZ4T/RqlZQ5C5Dhx9+RNCYVmdl4A30NF7Gn8QnuAgpFkMu88JPaA1E/hcAMrYZiCCEmX6ENLAADZ70G+/+XEq+xrfJ50w4n74X/TPOyo3N5XMlAjCl+eYmAgoAZEGOBI4z/+efNUJqbqxnSHSdwkxUNQJwyDCx3yQQU87/8tEMgIFICEjL2DuB9mGD0mRJZAzJuSfhaSiE5AO5plxntqv8ygIA4FKG/vJjANRA8nf4KO6pm+TxmzajuUgfJgOJB/hMO8ADUlpN+fxIIVkCBA3Me7HltYOUxQgA+Oqrr8VcDCZn6mA4jG1+B2N7ZYB24l9gPK8yYGzg8oqD/5l1zEDRLZOcfB5OvjVvTM8B/T+L8Lb1isq0LIfmsoLhj3+cP0LOgCcMLgHQb3/7+9rH/cuGG20cJiOTiyYSVGCq0UiAdO3V19f+VGe++jK0CZPRXA/gCX9rq0WjgCP8beW2veAICP0xQUs47rPP3iHQ+EPGjrYBGIKS9gEOwGEloCMhatyZc8aPpiE88Q0hyeKRj8BOXz4B4XfzkXw8p3vJ+wA077zzBk8x1VkprdiVDsEDIPJbY/1vOU9qICkLag4k/CsAUY/yC+MyA5lDOkWzkBKYlqSggtP0cY2Ux6DAJB+GRkgSKqNwCbpkSFpAOe4xx4ANYIBQGQhPkgGJZ/ymXTA9QWLAaCVt43SmVgMaQka7/S8A4nnlaiOTk1ZhGmoPBpAXiOzUmiF+5hpGMeAYRD8B6P77H6j9tVdzYxspDEXrABQzRzjY/5bpYHSBBb7Ryy+9GmYbh52ZNPDTwQEC4WXOuRXePXr0rNL3oDLzG2u7vo+gA3MwGGLytFis2ma7Hcodd95VPunbv1oXjakIVsY555xf+3ZhZZitYpLXrqUYn/9DA9KK2k1j7rXnPgGGM0/vGFrPPcGFxkLRUwNowGh3IWYmwPGHttpym9q+g+tY/mNDSjQ0RgJHaIm+QEFo4hVjmwEl9MfQhCGeMYYic4QgM9s9oMOvLcGR/zunkEeX5jx5XwIgSgV4CFDnVkwcEkowwW/gcbPl1r4KUomDGsxC8zynlJU7A1KacjqufB1LjYQoJDkQYTA2MRWOmTEZJkdgAEopA+xMKUCh8uVlmyIyrSFPhi5do4X8JqmofANESqlHna6hg7o4nDSNxYZAQ8IBCIAz62gxoAUybXJNORlWlV8eQZikGw2JMTAEAGkzCUojkNbMGUthMK1IFuda8ICmsGmiNWb+x4yYlaTnF9E2L7zwUkysYkyhZtoBQOyfQLtZeWC1AV/LejZ+j7EZOfLLYHQRM2FuqxYaIe6vyzJLLxeh5h132Dnmifg+NgsBABuBML20w6qE445vH74W4B56mJfiHqqWwhNl3332b+xvd7jNV6oPdIqNZvi/DdOtTesdSuvtto+xQ3dmGCA40Be9+ZrMJoDAA+hszPk/BB660v58KEISffEYvgYwwoD/YgwIMmd8qP/Nh+vOCSK/m1OGsSkaJlyEsUleE1QY2g0NBSS2uolUb5jSHvyfLFBFKvh3TLjmaFw2mgQXqEjfRaSMNsHcOo9oJLz/gYfjj3gYFdP7H+MjIMYnCZh1iErNC3GbR8KsgEAzpVnmf4PFnKJ9POsawDEpaQiagwbB3MLaygRWwMP0NsY3OPwbfSP15CUFAVbbDZxyzKJL9hQXUCBdtVm/aTZA2mknG0u6dn5oF2Bg9gCWxaTWoQk/O+zyabL1isq4batG9jar/Q68IkGDMa1oHROlJmP5VhafjhwxOkLkEydMivL5R4DCh7KAdNrU6RE6N66eYcIRoIBhzobjr2zzTLSLVxYO+ps5vA7l4ksuLRecd1GYhTQSDUgrMtWYl8Lqua6OHyQCd8XlV9VxsrWy96Y6hTmGzsYYCNAPrYADPxhbvhGLhMmPTwkq1/k3aE1IMp8JWGPMxOJjSvgu3YmfA8+/CyB4EcnFEwEg5prgAabQOGcMDkRWIngQgrPAnPv5dwAkj7VGtE/+b10daZ9MiikRA2NibJIn1TQfxVwNyYMo7snLz0FknSCtmGgiNcw8RCaZqG/ABDbMyucAFiCh4RCXdmF3I777pBsfUD7/s8HVyXxQlsiZ9YEGTHtIR30BZu3yPOAjMJ9S5EeyAkE92uhZms2bk6ee2vigFnOGWUSLYNh4Ie2ee8MXIvExG0ajnWzBax7Fbp4c/mGfDwuJblkMx9xqA7v5mB/6cszY8sXwUXG83+ODn9bMCVIAk+gdzQJQNJy3WCUA+s1vfhcrEWgUe87ZMzv32BYWF0mzvk0Agyn22qvdy3rrbhAbPzJDRe/4aHwdS4BoRwIg+8OkMwnbvvpLmB3fmd5AR+ND8Jn0dKZh0NV4ELjGzRgTivhAfr+NiTEwLoQUfmMx/Vz6OfA0H8njzRoIbzHrW/nDGQckKlDjMKUQLE1kQagEQECgQFolC/1nAGpuQDYwy8klLcBDyyACcw6ggIVU0ci0e0kfBKS1EBSBSCxmmfCwZ+VHQGViakRFaPcMBEAaKP3jWIqy8af038ABK03nPi2CwYGTRKQ1aDRtkQfAzIYDDi2VZqh2A7C8tBHNwBxCfJoceDADDQnYV155RWxrdeRRxwRTmQM67XQvGGrflRFQMD9E6/CDaAEmEPNNUABIgMFr2AcffGgws/eJrEqwLZalPBaMWuFgY0baJ+eaAMjEK20g+DBjRmN5i/Zy+uf+w7yxf4G3UU2k7rD9TmWfvfaLgMUzTz0XmyLSIHy149udEKFz922RBcjeXLVtlc1OAMymilZpW9bjOf4ecDEhMT2Bauz4Pcx5Y2J8jDda4hGg4OcaH9qHyYwX0pzOqQTWAL4AHm8U/Cs+bebn5Ns8gEpKAOGPnPJp5Y8LedYJoMr5IXM4CiCRgEDKyhIU/ywxceTTkMyvLCYhk4bUYV4hFDWOyTnXHPycM0FQUold68C0iIiZMTdiM8ESkMw8qtyzACcvImNeIAQe+fgtBgFgmVLO+uwZIBApNCHrN3+GFgMc4FSeumklYWsA0q5sC3semHOnFxrHKwzK0T5hbCZk584Plzvvurs+a8OVDrGa2aJRjjhQMHtIc9tNCVtj4ksvvaIKoZmx3Ic2wJBWRAOSmX/X0Z3f421T6+aUM3Lk6Fj/ZkMR80e0mUlc2oSmmDylsReA2Xm78sTXHW7yrSBrFjuGH2MLLH7X9m12/PEVi8sC0EDF3BQB9GoDX8vG9UxR17RT++SjdWhT81AWrF57rY+1XRn0AhaCxbgw4Uy656vzTGhWAbNOXvS3ppCQBTDj5GBNGRe8hg4p8P2mkdKEw5M/l/J+5pUSQGIEeEjEuhUtY2mCs/kf5ovfAGRFrs1EFJSTT5kgW4P+WWOaQSM1N4YWYtphSpKc9GDiABU/iBRBFGCilQCHdAcS0oZGwLAY1/+YFsERGRMDA3MOGEh8zwswACMzyjOCBECIGOpwD6CVQbLxtdQBeBgfcAycs3KVSeIpI4MK8pKO6kJLE8ASoYFemU8ZbHvge+utt0PTOKx342PwI4Shza/QNrQTZuUH2blHNM2WVsw8z5kLirmXa6+rNPc68qwys5pyX02cHKuy+Tc0hFULlu7wRR5+sEtE3kTYhNKNjzV0xhqjWLgKALQVLWHltfq1TxDB2QoEb5oSVmhO46M34QAM/kcfQoPGZz5noACNMTpaohnNLrAEFOhqPI0JOvlNiNJKyifogYogVJ7/+dbGnvvBKsB/+M3B/3HoYzOv+u2aQ0r+lPBuzhtJLAh+oXpZbPDSCngSQJiHgyS6gIGbw9gexvQOlaRWSVA0NyqTa80A8psEcF2jNI7fQ91iuJy7oTH8n4yGwDSH4IABYc7Jw0wCPPcRmfRJNc8+FiCQD4ERn6lGMwAIYCgL0V0TYqYB2dEGyJImYDUTDjRoAsCAi1GcHdooH+bARMq18FVZ5oEy0JADBEC0q4CFo3MXofybKsN1jzkZzG0JjM+TAJDNN4SomUu2v+Xz9O79UWW8v0V0zLNm/kW7TIxa3mNXUuadyBmtIwx+9lnnhLYRgZPHe0TMLNEy2s1+215lGPnF6Fgft/Za64ZWEgzwNmrP93uVk0/0WsBFASpnh/btv++BIcBoWTRhRQieGEN9BQ59JbCMJ+BkpI157ex6+j/G0ZjKx5IgUAEP7VwjuIwBPqCpPGNlB/DZnoA5SGDxtS2Zwmv4zjEnXk1+zt/N/IrfjZ9rrAkAIrT5txHG5ux6X8esOUksiEA1MeOgzJZVKsxXtlMd/r9oIB3wfD6jPA3EgJic9kEgxEQ0gwEA/BwSyQBgegOkE9rpOUwLBBiWaeUTi5i4eWabpjNAygY8ZdB41DKJlbti0k6Aql4DgjFIRjPQBpEkBES0UrdySUlmh2f4jtrjOVqcycEk8oU/dZGYNCMpq7+CH4Bh0rRTx3Orb/RMLL4UKLBGjVY58aSTI+xsxTVnni8kQscs42csuMDCVWicFzS2gNT6Nn6QYAFQWm7DbOv1/oeh4ZhRTDuTpoII9kowVuaAtNHrCF6xwHh8KhvGC5XzZ2gbgH3+uRfjlXPv/eyxhxckH4rJZOPDj8Y3xkTQxTia/9PfXFSMdsBBUxkLGoQQ4kfSSsYc6FggwGJslM33cAYiwCEojTOwWrsHrIS9xMKx+gW/teTFlimvO+dvz+HxBJ5FwQAEoLmGNJbysPsxhwsib6QvbdSsgTCBglqm/y8Akteg5DXlucahRhjEQ2Qaif9DiiMqZsTUiIaBnWkFxMKswsieo31IPEQXAKBNaCagAgKDoBzlK9urFcLLiOEZQQn2LXACibqZAkAoQAHcgGKAgUU5tJ3lPQbZ3I/BNKjKA0xtxUyZ2OuYJ9fBAWnnh7uET2LeJBi6aiPBAnMkGJjG8YoDgG2y8Waxc2j/fp+GH2FhprVvXroToLHUZ8ftd463WC1gNfFKy1imYzWDiVYrrWmiZ597PkBqRx9bCktMQ4AUcDDfxE9hIgpVW0jqY1xC38BrXRs/qmPVbhiegENjvgkfz1gRMLQE4KCRM+FoHORDP/RFJxFYh+dYHMaOdvIcy4RJKB8BRNAZewKJxcB0ZvKrF3DyszwAQBvhxZ/j00zu4Uf8mflTe/nfR7e4NerCHzASi0mZJ5iBNhJMcMNvs64YTKEcYAdVqYEkFe2RYJhTw1xriXq/83BP2Q4RMFIdcQABIyMwIiEgADC9DAbw+B8w5GUGGBRvjfofodmnwCQvDcT8wrye0V9EULZygAGgMIE63DOIgGmADKZrJKtyPMPM8D+mAXD1aTvQ0nRARKrma+GpuUldPp9Bx0Tq8I3UW2+1/u/SMNcsmxEto21GjxoTZxOoNA9H3D5xolnyPV81jMTZ9sWDnKfhm9BiH1W/B8MDJiC4n9vzuu4V8HHjGvs0aOOdd9xT5ppr7ljlLcwsAgeEwGpFgvkq7/zwywQNrEw4/PCjylXVfL3xphuD/gQhi4X5i6nRWUQUHQkWgo8QIpDQAL0EZ/CecQAqWktZ8qJVmvDMZILNuBhbmkcdBD8eznk3wMGjLCVHAmJOfJop+TU1jv/9TsUhmsc3BJ6M5saeCMwTpgcJjCl0xMCbH7IUX0FQnOFYDK8CKX/PqWHZoMybyXXPZePyPhAgNL8BKEgz5hEpBAzaxyRCRAQm7ZmcCI6JtR1zYlgH4BgAoKDu5QcWAwxItIklOOpUBm2gDhqCVrR3gYFWpnKAA1D87wBypqX1bkxDzwGR+SXliQZZ0S6KhH40BCnGxFQvMLVvf3z1UW4IE4n2GDrk86qd3gpTy2bzAwZ8GmaYlQWW7whBCyjQTPa8HlLzX3/DjbW+8+PN0ldfe72cf+6FsWqaL0OL2FLXNlaCBcw6O/lYBvRG97diExPJEDB9Nt1s87Lv3vvHujsrpb0IZ25qxIiRZa211wk/yMLSjTbapJpeZ/wU7PB9H/TWJ4Dwvg6fllOv/+jO9DJOxsx40kbMNMIKMwo0WHtpDNwnCEVK8QUQ0UjGjvahiTLwg+bGST2ZgIagl/Ag4SDhvTxapuRXWid52v/Jw5SJ94FYbSZyYSTC2EwYDhHAMDtkACw2Zb7OkMGDlKQQrpFZ+M81yD2HMprz+O1QnrJEfkSsAARDY05Myk+hGbQR4YHKfdIGoWkDWsnA0A4GA8FJPcBx30AoV5mpoTC4wfG/5ww+kPkfUEhEdTMFveqBAUSTSD9lpXRUBulIIqpLu9wHEI6wSBztlZsp2gOBFmdeYQZaVyAAI4uq8X8AB3PGyoSujwWjAxEtRBsId/NRLNOhUaxD87q1ZTKumzfqcJLJ5mvDZPMqg8lSb6My53yZTjjbDj22x/rB8p1JU2PVwO9+N1fxBTsgjY9qHd2uHHLQYeEXHbj/QQF05fKDDj740EqrXeP61VdfFWYWmhNwXAK+DTMVbY0bS8JvggtY0JNWQQf0REdjYTxZC+hpKsF9/9NYngEatDUmLIG0JiT8lJP+hDPXg9DHayns/xlPegY/uic543HXCT4aCDb0j9KJN1KBSBQOg4nCUVEkAEAZeAVkQ6hmYILS5kY1NySTaw7Pa5RGzCmf8hzy8DkAGLpTKyAUopLsluxgOu01GCS/M2mHmMwmg2UJEinlGQAEKqDIIIRDhAZYaA62t3L8rz5n8w1MMWaC+mkbk740IhNXPTnxK5rH5MzokTpz4IHK2aoOiWSk2fX1mmuuLjZXnP71NzFvw1cROWOmmTthdvE3mGRXX3lt7HnQv/+AcI6tHLB40zyO5TIAIOhgb20vslnRAJzMN77MzTfeGu/8fPPtzHhjVchaMifnBTjBAq9T2Nr3skuuCBMNiPk9AgZe2e5wyqnV5+kUqybMVVlI2rr6ajQJWrECAEj/aXzjQNvzc2gR/iUBSBjSGp6jpYAHr6VwAh4aCtMCJsddPuPsGQLT+LII+KdWfOCz9FkI9wSI66kA/HY9gdHMu86eB0L385rfruNFPhA+Mqb2YG+lcu+5QFWGs6lTGokPpFMKYP+RmkyQBJDKnefUEP97Lq/P6Wh+RhkOjWcCaByCYXwgIflJGgPjSP/DgdCAIS8w0CScdMERzO4ecGB0ZSmXZsDwBtfgWfRJ2qGHQQYWh4gRMDEZ0x5XnusADqDseu0woA7mp7KBy3OEEf+MNDa4zDnmhiVBgHDQQQfX9p0aE6bv9egZWsdGhCYgmXN8Gs6+UDMn31ezTUZaAHrV1ddE2Js/ZNmP93WC8b02fcFFAQx+k7KAx/o35pjvBnlZjtlGc4nmAR9A8HvMOXmOJqS9AFlY+/JLrwxgWr1gfZuAhcCGCWemFatAQIf/QytgfkIHnY0NIUfLoKOoHY2CzqwNY2MsAQvICDDRSvzgeUKPgCIklcNcJPQJqrSIkqfwUgpt1/JI3suU15JXnT2Lrx153W/jBxN8aAEjUepWfghhYzZS3xmIch4oJ1LTB6KJslCHypqBIjlnY/L6zx35vN86DEB8Cu2iaaAeYVNzGBADQIJx5Ni/KfEAzACS9sDilQQAcg9T6xMQeFZZmJ9mcZ9JwbQjXWhgg8LU0Bb3//znP4ezChAGEANolzb6nYEMTKR+ElKI2nUhdRKLJvN6g0QQEUgCMz6wi+GtarY3Nj/F2VfgvDlqZcG0qV+XL0aMCp/GHBCNwoyyMbz9qk1wCk+bt/G2qnkh6+n4VZbpnFW1CtOmd+9G/eg96aspkXfuP8wdqw5oNLvo8LUsHqWRLCey0Yi2+DyjOSSrqPlG7lmF4DMpDz30YOWd9UJ42YiG4M15PWOIlmiCVoBkKoGWIXiAB90IOeCTF2gINOBTpgMgASjNOOPBCpAweDOA8BTe8v+ceDFTc/7MB3SedSQAlU8oNLb72jwUDn6KeSCvPTPXzKtAF2QBEwCRkCrIt1GzkSryWwUtG5eHa3O6nocENA4JeNQBqJiTdKGuSSVMjXkRHCEdBgNAMC5Cm3fwv9ApgvObzDMAE42B4AaORsj5A9cMhvIFL4BFvQYp5xxoE9FKAw9YnmN+GWD3+UqkKPAy//yvTJoLmLSPllOG50h9Akl42/zTk08+VfOIMF0bYPFmKmee9P/008/Kd5W+QOXVgg3W3ygidaJ0omgOmgCAgMVLbfykPffcq9Z9aNWIx9X6GpuEoPn33/FjZxaTqsAoCGB7XntwmxT1erblO14pt2EIgHz88SehpQQimH3qNNFraQ9Nqe6LLrowtASQ0K7GiX+I/sYC46OLlxSZuIQQwZfBhhRk6Ib2Imy0j/xojH7ARcgZa3QWpDGOmLt5jlI/8yz53ayJkv/ySP51pEBPECV/O5sozjB2xg1aQdMyyywToBFA4ANpGOlOXeWbfKQXwORrDQr3OytSyc8B6Z8d+ayyEqTOJq0QEtOm1MfIBoPWESyg5mkA2gSj0izyGCiE5UuJxmF4EgPROX8AxZdiBhg8A0rzGDQMQDIyxZiNBo2EVH4jatY+/B/mG1OPDQ60NJs2kYgcYwBXL22pHwRC2s7s+hxsZpw5C5qENvC6dc+eH9Rroyp9SjCsVcxWNpP4Il4WYGJakTqaw0trvhZHaz3/7IuhIfhDI4aPKD5g3GCiH8o3M2bFawvAYkJ00UUXD/PQciDr7DpWTWjFghfnPA80NKDAgfV5q6+6Zjnp5A4xiSsqKHABdMB6662Nj1qhG2DoM1AIKxNe6JyT2rSLMQUq44BGwCPKZgyMhzFFM+OBvsbEs8pG56R7bpWMjwjiBIIjk9/N5lhLHnTN8/lc8mQziBz2YjCRSgjDC4yEDwQ0mA2AaB6+EB/D+0BCdwptCaBm5nc0/877/+rIfBLgOAQqMvxomQ/Ckzg0JOBwMq0fI9UxK+IDAg3At8H0bFVMqg/8E5ogo2SiRBxS/okV2v5HEAQ2qClAgAPRmLQ0FnCSsAAkj7poQFtkYQhlG1T2O5AzQ4BY2YAkD4kMyOq36Yn+GnTzMJbfSMLWJjZpiL322rtaBOuGI4+J0yex8pm2okG8UsCx59B7l8gKBJ8v8ZlHG8lLvtbAXAMi2/qKqNGGon6AcOP1VeNUvweIzffQaLbI8kKdOgHGRot8K1tu8ZUsJPUKxGcDB4U/1uejPkEfVgB/CP1pdcKE1kBbWgQ4CD7jKvCChkwhY5mWA7OP1ZGCCGiMF1Di11atWgUYo291jGh0UdzkqeTD5C3XmgHUzJ95rRlAebiXIHLgRxoIX4kTsNZic3k+j0gcTWQJjw3uEkBsdgUlgJrngVpW5kggZeOzoXM6POescw7lAw/prAwMJozMzKKBMK9BQEgMjNCARHqZgGN60ViiOADjYGYBA0lGInpO30g+YMPwDgPOZOOnyOM3H4lUFHAAIpIUkNjr2mIQ1Q0YJC/mARyDDdi0FsZRr3ZjEvkwkPYCkvkmSUja26FePRCF814Of0OYenwFWM+e7wdo7NRDO5gA5fM8/eSzYWJ5mc1hKY/FpN4DGlDNP3S1BAggBRX4Rnbg2WXX3WITefM9AELbACAweI1c+TvvuGuYi55Tp48Tx2LXCjh+ktUSNpKX/7XXGhuvoLUQPvoaBxYBIcYMw4D6TaigH60tEgpMgGRlCOCgk/GigQDImSlPK+EFmg4f6ht+k5IHk6/cw/zJa828mTybRwKk5fV8RjnKY1KyygCe9okgQs75kLoOABJUyLVFuTd2Sku2u4IV6sgGOWeFzhotZQfmdHjOOf2gnKh13ZlksZQIEJhNwMEhxeBmngUaSH6+h4ECMgMAWCQZBsXEJJgzLcBkFVwALIIDcwOhgVcuoKiH9GNOCCIoR/nMOXWil7xMQmAWLQJG4DDwDpIW4LRFWWx7NrSVB5gHg8lPijHJbNM7a6bPwkyKTeCBwjs9wtomSy3d8b1Te7oNGzYiomleaaARbLBoIejMmVYPf1vpVoXQN40VxOacvMxmq12rqb0ezt866ghzLYdGiNs1vo53kGg7gDrphEYYnIbjP3kr1gaNwuJeU3j8iW5hWq662uqlZ48PAgAYHa0IlJxrw+yEDKGi78aLoHFdHnRAe4fIqYALWqa2QR/PKxtvoh1tIxG4fqc5jO8kZ/zqPh6V3G/m1+Yj+TZ/N/On68CjDoEmm4o4WDXxiUfmCNMDqphvzjlxaGUrU0MhmdLOzAqzomyEIxshZWPmdOTz8js0NP0q9xJY/CESHZHNpZBKaZ6Zv0F4wGLG5eCxj2kRzEtaAAWNAkDA6Fkmh4NPJD/NoP+0DHOC8CAdSURgAGpgY9YZaBJVnQbYgAOYaxxf/pIBp5GAGo35ZiQw5tFOEvWYY44OweXr1jaKnzjhqzJ5UuNjTzTJrJl1wL//IUy88eMrs/z40ptw9vAKJIlp5gPC335jsS6T4/sAnrDzUUcdU/u0ZpholvZYogMs3iGyHMhck221ANZOOgIIfDFLdpiNfT/uF1pO5M9m8l7sY7pZoMpvEqR4pJa77LLLhSBBW4EngofQAhq0Bgo0NnYAROgBHXOPdkZf69i6d+8eWh/4CB/PKoOpzexEQzyBodOlwDcAg2ckvEQYE/byJq8lgBz+dyS/Jj/73cyfritfOcaSpcYy02aKJj7xiGkgXQNpJIMtI4fJRJhCIF140qpiBWbKxmSlzZU3NzbPmTdT5m+ZsgydVh8iAgJG1XgOJUDZrM/uMeZR2OXnX+CVBybdmbEXmRfAvPMvpOvDUPZNI2ntH2C2feONlNkpluzbGB3DccpJZy+RmYnnQJPiDtJ72WWXL7ayFcFyjZTGcJ7zf2w+WJnRG5icbgynberEyJ4TBrbpIfNI210338KXsZLAftc0jxUDNoYHIF9cmDGdr/ht/A84X9f/mWi0ku1633zzrbLZplvEhKi1dTb6EGBgevFnaBjv8nD+b73t9lhQaiU4ughMnHP2eVVbegv0msroe8YnTMxPeVHPhK6ts+67/4Hql14WNDYXJeqHLvouvC5IAXzMP/m8xi1C+Hr3N4Km+m5y1isa3nS11RVtD0wEE5Cl1gI69whMkT0mPuAIHgAI3sCf+CX5Dc84EhzJY/7Pe57LZ/0vX6Zmvku+9T9z2/wkzMAIlyc0kKABAAnN8YkwqpscJjO8HoZ4jTZ3kZUmk2clmfJ685F5HO5nys61TFmGTqQWYoMy52gA0snRtu1eMUsPHGbHTfB5xZgtz77ncLtnDdnWWzXmVcyom6zEsIsvvmQwGufcFrVt2uxQtdSWpfNDXcvRxxwbzA1822+/Yx3Qy6uGeTW20MVQAMEvMfmI8QBCOVYHYFZgxLA2GpRHfkBTJqbCtN7VEVnzHI0gD1/Dd0T1C5PSJJhclM16NotLmWl8JAzrezw+5Ct6pkyRNSFm80N8Jp9RBFRaxObuaCP87P+GBnksTDPvIqnjkS6PxWbxbVrvUO68/e7ywYe9y2GHHxFr4Pxvic/Bfzu0LLH4UuXlV16NSCBBJcjQ8axO5VGb5VfAWEP3t78dXA459LAQKnwmAgJN0MMk70MP+yKgL317S/WsMH8BholMk/OTBLcEjzLilvORyYd4M8GS15qBkbzkWvP95jyZL/P6P+/5328A92kT7eEXUzyxqQh/AoAcIicYVCaZxfQxcTIz9OfvRGhWkikb0XxkHof7mbLRLVOWgTjUtM7yiURu+C7MLYT2WQw+hHfut99hx5CSnFpOssWQGNyOmRhpo403Ce2Eaa68/OoYYCuTMaHtmnbfdc/y1NPPxJfhvK8PAF4ewxhWImOwueee56c5EqDiTHsNGyAwIZBZNaBN1olZR+ZFN8xNolvHRgMBOi0FdMcc1S4kM8mvvYABBL6S7eO+H37gHaCrY3sozv4qq6wWAPEinK9pr7vu+hH+tkCUr6LtAC6aZgWCCVIawupqGyPa4NA9dOLvCGBYyaCddh1lwqEJsPu4FtMtVjVUTWQRK1ATagCvncCAllZmmx/yzLNPPx9vydpzrt1xx4emu//eB4t1dgBM+/PLjEe7akbuWseLT8g3ZW3wV0VJBSKAKV8JUW9qHwljJ3/OCSDNfJe8mtfzd97zXDNo8sgyBZp89tSqEloITuIDW5whYTnOMY3EF7JQznUqlX2ZhSoMc2ejsxEtK215vfn+vwugLCOfcWZf8y8ASFj7yjrg555zQQys9/TtiWYB5UorrlKeeKyxBoz5hBmsWmZWYTCRKFKRL0Bz8QswMVMKWDAWhrH7DaZfdeXV452YNVdfOyJSmHX55VYMR9vSfkzBLMIQAEeqYlL1MQNJfMztemjARx+LGXzmI1PHTjVWFtCKTJoTTzi5mqgHhPQmuV0HOhJefzC59lpgql77xilrqaWWDhAPGfx5bBpikSh/iAa2js4r3vwYz2yw3kah7bq/8WZoZEBgcjHR0AXAaBd71N13zwNBSxE4n2gEnDNOOys+WcIMs4xo4002jS2FgQ0d8tUKtKdFtV/AgqkbqxlqvwidXau5adUGPzaXXPFjzZmxikTg8KAEQLRPTqck0+dv/JJ818xzjuS15KuWvKUOAls5rkmZD7+LLlqNLUrNSqNwYiKVCQc8LlBLtBIA8YNIgSxYIc4q0xHn7EA2OA+V5nX58uzIxknZqZYpO5Xl03wIJ9FEHDoEBiCMyCcBIlElzLDaqmtEWNeHc5kiQIHhjm/f8IuYOjTJwYccGjttGnADjYltvk5q84toBUDwCjTTy2QmrXXTzbeENqBZMB2mp5Heeeu9YHZSHkMCK4ayGYj2xbPVvGMSaZc25ISkELYoG4B+/HHf2u/vQhuZRGXm+Y7oFltsWd6uPsYLL7xY/YLdYgMPoNdGm3MA1KyZs8rE8ZNiHzhr2PgxytQnn1CRvO5MG5kTUodP65sTwvRMOmDhE9nWipal9dQjQEFoWPHAT2Luum/NnnYSBvZdICgIpsb2W53i9XG0QD8Tr3wzAoq2ptEerQLFUhlBHcEYvg+hLoDD7wYYPCDhreTHZPDmI3kw+a2Z7xzJn4687ozP1YO3JdfxXvI9ULPKYIUPBNyxlIe/AzzUkuUJMojECdeZtFRgdoD9qTK/syEqaW5483W/5c9zNjhTdqplyk5peHbKWTk6JBonmqPdpJxBMGgmF0lPTIxRAUr4FoPuvtueMcA+uS7v4493C/ABAkloqQwzCagMtt8+JrXfPgcEE66z1nrhMDMHMQImorkABZPwKUxO2nAQwzHVaBtM7G1O0rzLw4+EZLf1ExOGiSU6pnyToH0qcPhYb735TrziMKEKi0lfTQ6fYo011gwG+77S5bvv/158uY6PsfLKqwbzS5zs+x94MDQDH4pPJdysfn6StjKn+Dp/O6jxYWDbTvFr3Du70znh5O+8y65hYqrX+0Pme2yUCJTy0bg+pMUUo/2urCamVyloFmCxpk6kjvDgkzLxmMMNk+34EBToD7yAzAcSJBDuZ8IZW5FKY93M2MkT5iXdk/L/BEUzrzn838yHzbzqd+ZTPv7G28mXynZdG/jfItOmMjLQ1goDpgnHnOMcOfhFggg2NQQEBeuEQ2UJoGxYVphHNjbv5znzZsr8LZNrzc87JB1Oggk1r7nmWpXxfeHuipBsGNTy/iWXXCoG9oD9/hbAsZTfxKE1ZfYA4PPQWl5zfvKpp3+S5K+/+kY55th2Py3dBySbBzKZRPj4RYCCYQUnFlt0idA8tAs/wzWRvQ033DjqEaDApKJ6JDUH2jIaQLdvm91zMN56661fza+/FK9oW3O2/PIrlA3W37C88PyLpXv3N8oWVdILmUs+XS/ULex9TmV85qzkXSLtW3TRxeJ1BvUBB3+MtNdm5iXQ06YYmpABaG3kvxA0wMzk0n/RtKuuuKasv8GGEQxh3vnitg9s8fEIK+YiIWBVuMWsBAAzTdnMTdoa0AAJHdGH9uQ7ahfzVsj7sssvCz/DfB5Bbh2dxN8xhYDn8F9ziFpK4doSQMlDLQGTAj9/N99LPve8a34DjzpMP/g+EKzASACItgGg9H2ACLpcAyAvuSkYwyoM82qYip2TseeU8n42Jn+7nsnv5v8z5bPqQTzmGwJqh3vKGzJ0SGXQS0IaCgyI6pCaNIkwrgFitjB/vGXJp7j3vvvDJ7HvNJOOVKWFmCzCvTZrN6BMPFrK2jCbaZDKHHcrlAGF5FcOIDD7PI9pMKlInTykMU3omdVXq9rjuIaPA+jmOyzs5AeQ5DQYwKuThMeYPg0CmMrhoJ9//gXRd3Mj22yzbUTjBldz0/4FXtTTvzXWWCve3eFrMLGYZELY7tHSTEi76Igs6rdIHe173PHtY0dRAPC/5wkKIHzphVdiBYN5H5rLvSWWWCra7OU8q8S1RYRTe2kgZimaAQ4tJHROyKEPcPrAFz/TtWtquffcw5x7NIQBJrUMSjL+NI0jmdnY+x+z40eH6wmM5LXkk7yWgGkuM68lbyrTkfn9VrbfFht7e5vLI4AQKxFEtJhwNI4IHI3ErJPRhKKJKw33PpDCVKJwjcvKmxvcfGSjWl7PI+9JeU1Z2UFnyAecZimU9TtcJyUxmy9c33LrbfGtUREzb18aOKbYse2OCyY3V7HG6muVXj0/DL8B03c8s1MwLekMGJgauJQLPJ6R1+44HGEbIXp/xrdumGX8H5IfQ5kTUo/PIl53/Q0RHGDSuceUAlwMOmrU6GIRp0ghAGJmfop7fCr1+76OqBxQ0Rj8BO8Eac8Siy9ZAXVRGTX6y6Cf+R/v5WDizz5rmFkODCvIoU/aakfRczudH5KfmWi7XmYukGLsa666LrbyZaq2O+b4WC7Up3ffss7a64WPRlOZeKVF92y7V4S1+Tk07WabbBHC6ulnng2hBozC7+goaukLEMzB9atmFVAR9dO+jhVoljwxkfi15oGsoAAM/q4x95t5igfxHR7AGwkEB35y3zN+yyc5KyM1lmflc/jtcN8zBDQ+84wyM2Dhd77OYFGw+dJ4I5U6MhPOIcroG3QBlXU/1jCl9FeBIyvIRmqA38nUeWT+ltfzyHtS8//KU27zgYDakISSD8Bmfze7DBw0qOx/wIFl9eojGCDruDCPOYfll18xmJcmOq9KcINqZp7kZK50PLtTMIBtbPkBXk8274HxmXFeWDNX07rN9mEWMXfMpSgT+KwXE4rmD5G+GI/zzbzhbAv1mofhN221xTYVRKeWz6tTrI3rr79B1QYHROSQ+bjdtm3CvBGW3nSTzSM0rr0LL7xIOa7eN4l6++13hEbDsBdUf84kqmAD09NXDpirHHOTv5g25loqCIAIsIFFCJ/GToHy2ONPxOQrbaAd3kjVT/tcow1NvsXmW8XkLuAJAAC39nmWsKLthM4Bnu8Wc2vVZENH4DQHZ5vgWPxan0MPgQtA8vbrCdVM9lqNlRq5nbRkAj9D1pmMO+bHExJ+wDMYHW/SGM6S3wCFX/COELh7/sdXylaOMvBXajnX8D3Fkf6VeSkAYqHBDeUTi0lpH2caCLIAyRJ++8VZCa0SURudUUFWmI34fwXQv3tIylGXc/6foJJs/cQXYTpgbgNo4DAKJ5WktWzFF6JjMWTnLmFeMLW830Ir+d+AmlOhNYStz+p4dgANiAQrzJPQaux7s/CuA4qgAv+GtqBFtAEjpxYAKkGD559/odjwcNtttisrrbhyhMhpFxErQQeOte+S8issoxGCHjN6XPlqYpW+06aX4cO+KL40N2LEyNixx0aLlvpYhWDeZZNNNouVEvwbmytqE/OLEx9BheqTWHHR8axOEZGz7S/wMDttqyV6Gf2tgGPydXv8qZhbAzSanQ+z3/4HRPSRSWpv7d4f9gmw8IH4Ta4LPjAf+VsAwhoQ+lc27YouaIKO5sd2332PWM6Tfo/XaHwMzPjjL6DByCby8aPxBwi/MbwzoOAR12mbBJPfruNdzykvBbHDs14pARg8pU55AdmLj+r1DHfGngj8M1aaI/ZEENf2Mp2QtgV8Ig1sUauUhYsVAEA6pFEKk7JjzhrSzPSObGDL682HZx3NQGz5zJySPN9+23j5zgJK2YYMGRpmkhlzkSgmiWU7zC3XMT7ziI/AdGJmkLSxT3TVFHaaIW0xmZUANBDtEaCqzEnLYRxSmP2OIZl0e+29T0h5TEsL8b923WX3MGcADAOTzsLWttC1Ho32ObICm8+lTQBHszAH+/cbUL6b/X1E7wCC1rF0Z+rUxrdWH3ro4bLQgguX3XbbPTSQaJxoluCC1ReLLrJ4tNkiUMzMp9M+IAAAppu2CxbQHoAC9MAiiGEilOagxbSPWWhjElrca+H8IuFvABg9ckxMtNKe6rJsicDiLwpKMI/5O6YT+HgEG1NZMEdQhtY0YWzNon0i8Flqj0yEZApv445PjDvGx/BpygGAN6hzxYLr8ji75zkJzwJbaiLlejOYiYgPXVM+AOUeIK5blQNAonCstHihDoAEEKyDo3n4Pd5EddMyCnZpVq4hClYgUIUJ9f8DQFJKDIeyEkhZZvORz0jZHof22FzdujEDuMgii0UUi7NLolpaw2QzyYcxMD+NwQbnOFtOcuzRx8XaP2Fojj6zDIMYcJpBfsAiOUWjTHTSNiQsZrEZIh/DjH7bvfYOpvOmJ0eaKUlC05Ak7BsVQMCkXFvpctIBL/yxqhmAlObkV7lmV1JvlVqxLfmi3Z/m/3PZY889y5ix4+r/90dQYUjVXN7fYpoJYws5034iXoIQzEwmCU1rydKjXR+PJTtA1HaPvUNrAAqwCfWjD80I2NrOV3vrjXeCXkxXptgrVSAw6QDSxLRJVUJp1MgvY38HgovmBl7RQIJiueVWiEW3dh/aZBPLxpar5lFD86TZlMI6x911JpR3vSzrkvAMfnSWvPBmxbRrQAR4uaMu3lJOPgMsQARgyW/5W74ErWvJ5yKETDh+muBbLOXh/2TY2jJ/WkgEzjyQw6QWhAIMRKpUJSrA7Mnw2dHmo5nx53RInk8gNIMoy3V23bllWf73LRwfkPKasn3Sxo4ZG3a2ORsDZ0ITM2KaMJdOOjVMCva36NCeu+8Vg7rhBhvHQWuQrrmAFDNgAr9JUJL99jvuLCd3OCWkrolQZZvPwVBMPyC99eaG48zpZuKZSGXC2Rj+jtvvrL7mMuX49u0jhM1cAkKRP5OYQIthN9tsizBDAefBBx+qWuLGSp/vQmMCCdB5tbtbtycjbE5jSS+//EqsMLCDKW0pMslMRA/luyf6qF38GswE/DQLcw2Id6smleidr9bpg/aYCuj1wYcRXFC3bX2Zafw5JiAQEVQ0v3rVyYdTL1pYfcF8Rm8+EwGDXiaNv/7avE5j5TRzCvMm4+I9/GZeiJBnHYlipmDHH94a8AaBd5LMXeIXz9BQylCmZWmApQ7XEnzKSP5LvvObYFZGtgNAAYiSEWzTlngfyLJ7oTkBBBe9BgA81BXUK0wDTF4CkUoUiIGzwjkBxbU5Xc9DysYqT1k/d2QdzYcyzIzPmC6M+W1V/xa6uvdDaCMDRxJbEY3JAYYmYaaIegEUE8sSHxE15o8VwiJltM9xx7aPiVdgUhaHmjnETxGsMHfEaaYpOOC33HRbLOwEMuYLs4gE53sB2k477VJef717eeapZ6vPtWbZbrvW4YeoyzwRn4rPgmHXXGPtiB6+916PWsc11bzcNF7PBiJhcMEADAps+iwKpz20LkBw7mkyoWhRN/3n91ltQYvymb6vvpPPkKyy6mrB4FYx6CdTDI3MhzG1CAarMoAPWABASFubBSn4RuH/8OUuqL7cZVfFFx0AkNAwlwashJHfnhPW32SjzSrjvxdmoE1TJHN7Xj0BEMyPN5Jf8hUJUy3MKIDC+MBjCZB3sEzAWj9H6OMZIPAWgUWqXomxz6HknjySPKJ+eCoBpz5lp5mIB/ONVEqGCUcLxVo4i+NE4UQXfAPfRBa/CIC846EASKRWUwORCi2ZOzuaRzOj/9zh2X91ZDmO5v8zcaJnz6rXqok789tZZeyXDVPHLpcWhgrvYhqSnmbg61h6Yo0XRo/1ZHVgmWPMPP4QZsCo5nr4JRjLwlDMzZ8BiAsuvCj8ByAEhMuvuDJ+yy/iR6v4jYkxodCvFb0ADryigeoxKUnqAxtgayvGu++++6uUnF7rOCOY48MPe8eiy9at24RpZi6Hj3TTTTdXATcq5nj4HxxzWst5r7b7NLRoBbX+0I5fT20wjpA4wFupgQZ8OBoYg1t42nrb7WM9HS3CfLNEyjSBiWr+I60sOCD8jn7ATJCowxpA5vQ+++4Xi175TwSY6YBFFlm0CurVwly2No/1kIzq/S7v/nh9wYYjNJEtxwDLy3hC3FYsiA6jCa1gASrtY8rFIlTPApv9JtyTn9ZgcilHmfiIBqLFEiAAA1QJWv8LWuB1+b3aAxOib1btOFrZZIPPkyoJsth4QtjePffGoArYozriFW+IlZLBf+5IcGmMhOldS+Z3r1nz+D9Bktfyvmst7zu7r33ODgQggdN2tfiUiUpIeDNVVJGQQGA74pxwgq8BHBRmDgawTg4TM/swMg0ELEwbKxfME/EZLJGhMULLVKeY+YSJBAgAhc/DJ+BjmBQVHdxmq+0iFG6nHV+OMwFqfoaPwZFmAolU5Rux0ke9+5QPen1YJlTzFAgXX3yJ8GVsVWV1s/DvH//4x3JWx7OCNsaH2e23wSd5SWtS2poyzIBG/Axvd1p1j1aCRRZz8iE8Y3Enm5+/wQ8WZMILGBdN81V421fdfPNN5f77HoopA+altlnKI4hh7ocQ8RlK5qoX7w6qmpK/JrEcBIG8EEiwECi0JbCjR04uCwQRXMBq4eqpHU6P/5mSlgfRcHw3vidz08Qx+gooMU+tlLB8Kn0tb//aJyJ+V8CMGjUmAIVnkq9oLrzuN3qiBQDBiDcB7KcY80DC1amSaCIAEqKDMGYbZvXuukGwrFyBkkKh1IGJnbMB7gGOZ/3O/C3//7kjO5HlZZnN9xNEmbK+bIuEOUggE8PeANUfncc83i9iMwsKILqws0GhVQQXaCigMjAiV+YxgMLEII1h2U5E26rPRRJz1IVpLVyl7YCNlMbwJHL4F9X8ATymi2RRKE0icqdMCzLXWnOd6lM9WIWWST3b1P4Qr3cLbDAXAVxY2oy/Z3aq5taJJ55Q7B/BaX7//fej/xgiJyQJFb8xRe6dB6SkOsfcok0Lh01oenuUCY9OVgco15u4wGI5i9XwzCSgc9x1153BpC8891KEqPltBAwNSMPROpY1rb76GuH7NbYJ+Htt05RYE+czK8bU1sPy08R8SoLJWJhqEIgBFhFLQSDajFZEDxqW+SxIoS5WgtX2111zQ2h/0xHM84UXXjT8WXXxJadPn1FNuk9iA35fvxg1amTQyn28hH60lQNfWdbGhOPi6H8ASLTNW3aAA0QkEp+IRqKZOF4GQ4jR/gQkVzKpikgzFTlDa4LIPclv+TUomT7vueb3nA5581n/y9vyyLx+Z9mkiTZkO1znt9lCyYJFgPHeia2RmAvHHntMJf6tZZm/LhemhoGiTTCAgSDxgAHjk2pMHFqDtsH0zpbzCEwwb0SyYg3dOeeG9BMKx/j8GT4UM4vG8ZnEmdV0GdDv05ivMZ/CTMQkJmNds9ZtyuSpIYXtR8A8o9FIZP6FyN8Tjz8Zy2BOOunEMGkwN7MF01t+z2oAKP9b4Ww8CUhgYfLwcWk8G6QAEl/Cb29fpl9hPwi8YR4EgHKDD6ACsOuuuzYmoIWz0U8QgdZmZmqrRaUW6Fp/CPQCOHYA8nIg4TR8WONdH34dkxqTA49N8pnFgGEVvbL8tgklLYUuka8CLMzzOm5AJZ9pB9oIzfhufEORR37o2LHjom578BGCW265TbR13Lix0Q58g2fwloSvXMsgAh7iB5n4bcVs4+9YGGeJQq6J8/tXv/pVDAiASEAjTo85ExTNAOInpcrDuMnYjgSF55r/lzfz5/U88v8Ei/OcDvkAR90JYv9rj7axc9XBpqaJSA+fA5Hv5ZdfipCyr72ZF2GSWTBp/gczMykMglXZTArONOB47drGG2bURaKYV6ScZznYNBFG4ns8UM0b3/ABPH4GLTfffPPF6mraqe/Hn1T/ckwFzFcRFfu8mjs2CgEi2sZCUyFrwQZhbZpMWTSk+zTYxRdfVE3Os2KGPN+XsvsNf9bB3GpsZH9D+AvWzom8CnubLGTKoyUBycRFb6YaDeP9HG//Mnu90AigAk4Erf0oHnyw4TeeVxlewEaggva1qJSm4OthZhPEdjnFfELxQv58TMEKc3S0jugciwBAjIcghTHwPDPNPBZtzrcDVtqfcPPM9dfeWDbfbMt6/9AQ+EAVq/KrNvIZGAAQNKPhBFxoNyF+K+fRUJ+ZuPlNLP9zXfj++DY1EABZeBBr4cz/sG+BhqOFMMLYIhZzzTVXSKVkTOZBvtItOSezOgOYw//uaYBkYPx2JLPL93PPyD+nlM+3zNMMImX43+H/DENKgGR3F1sjYQrb7t5cHfAd2uwUdrSImpXGBgUoSEAhW1/NpkU4xN7jYTaJOi237AoxiLSVbXlpGABhtjEdSFJONZ/AFxYwAiaw0gGDGDR+FWCI7HkW42FAK7Lnm2/+iIYxi0QCMQiGAxw+FfAq67TTTg/fBYMDCD+PM+0aTYuZjFtuZMJ842CbwmCWYxiOMZoRhOl/GRf+ox2aaCz7UfCxLPTk6CtbPT7Vf3HtFzOW0EAT5pOVDdbQoa9vtBoPuwdtueVWEco3R0YjEEy0iAAOgUJI0ESil3xRQsJBw7AIaB0rQgg7c3PMbOOlXh/9EuJn6vFrYylT1YD33HVfrDjxDSUmpvERyrcsyztNAwYMjD7jHyDSVkGoTGhDoAAQAQBAMZGaGocG4vcAEPvX3mc0kE/zIaRByAicBFAqUTCGTjA1g0Fe9yV5EgDypcb6dwHkmmez3Jb5sg1ZpyPbBEA0pzz6gNGYJrZo9WnCm6v9jFGFkHOpf98+/UI6Mc0sRMUYVh1gblEmnzjk6LLBY4PDatoJFlhLxh4neWkJpoywMIZgcpCeBtaKB2WauFSGqBvwYCBazrwRTcbkwVwkvBfVmHomLi+o/4u0dTzr7MqQW1TfrrHnNQbnzzDf+KveKDZ2drqxmbuoKj+HlmJ+0SAkrO2ozJHYSRQfMHmNCcBZYmPzSiabUC5tZMMPZ2ahyBYt8MADD5c22+8QIXEmpgnsZZdZPhg7J4FnzpwVq106d+5Std3EeE7AgQY3dwQkBJDpBnTiL/pt4hrt0CKWY1Vzl3nMejBmtDLzzdh5N4nJBmisCHQX3Ajf9oQTQ9AZG+Uag3XWWS+mFwYPHvQTj+IXk95o4BofknYWRKB5vZEaS3lIHn4PTQRRVLkOuikSx0bGhIhMgvutwIxyScm8CSDnBIOUzKxhDveZVgDkt3Lczzyec+TvZvDokPz/7F6C0eF/YHWmQZ0d1DHJas3fhx/2qWbskiGZfH3AgADLyqusGqHrnBT0KrO1cbSHQdh1t90jL/MB2Jgf9jDgGGMi4KE5PGtSFFNZ9iP8PWbM2DBxrEboWX0U/hmNoT82gm/M1UxrRN/q8xZ4MkOU4R0f5qKEeZkUBpjdzkwBDttCWZ4CLPYwY7axJqwxE0lj3hEk8om4ycf3YZ4xA4GQJlKeaByN454l/aJ0In1Wqqhffbfccns447SoXXlyPslqbOaobxGZs7Pxo+CUXVctP/ICH7oTHgI0aHnX3feEIIk9Guo40P6ilwBC66A/oYYuQu7OzDUgoqmAR/2mCmhv2mngZ4OjPKY5QNHexkxZNJZXRTLhp5ykZd7mb8JJxJOCsX8gLRQf2FpmmWV+CmFT2c5QJoiQ21pR877YRq1heikZ3X3X0tQDItfck/zG1Mn0CSB5M1/LQ16M7n6CxP/KSYDI515z/pb3HYCa7aCeJflFV/bff78qna+JECyHlkSijWgFgwIEnHqmk5C2azQVs4GWsabO3A8gYXpARDOfGRHZ8wl7e64BF4f+kOpMM21qs0uPHj3DoRahog0TQOdXiX3h+RdXGlnQODakJSfcYNOAzE1zMl4vYM4dX00dE4+CAUwqYAEM+9HZYJLJSlPY4w6IvPUJAIIIgOSeVdDuOfhL9hSndQQTgIt/xYeipYS1zcfQat4eveyyS0PzimKiIbOMdqYtOOy93v+g9OzRKz5yzASjNZi1vqjHlxQI0Td+iQjngw89HFE9vmdqfJE30TRgMGcFNOjAhGPmCdoE4C6rpt31N8X3ZLWBqUYLCT4IfaMlsJpmsK5PpBCQaKPbb78tfENCQ6QSj+BRCW+hiQUHfERzTUzgVqJvLnKuzBdAlQlVxLKBnLkSjJdITJAAgesJDL9dx6x+Z3IPoGgBeRMMabZpmMO1ZiA4lONaJr8TqO5LCaBmIDl71m+He9rFYfac/53lo0nNni+00CJhN5PsBo8JNWTo5xGJM+HnXu7caSLRSgTBAIMIbOY4DOY888wbiw49QwJbpiJZOEoaYnjzSD6mZSU0DUSKrrbaGmG6WO5i+ZHV4aS31ddMOQA2eSnMa+LVEhuAZr8DPBCk1uDbMVHNe4mkMbcABliEqL3ZSos4aCFaxLPAZvsoYBLe9vq4uSHmHXMNQAlRfiTtA5BC44IIVj3YT9vXI/gZ3hkCEIKGZsD08mB8Pp/9v00NMIVpDeYV0ywEVKV/mlhMOkBkIjMF0QJA0JGPZLJaoAZAjIdXz9GF7wlY8qmbYBSkQEdRUBrdomK+qxUaBFL7Exo7xlqtwCLDOzQ7XpUEFJhwsCJeQOm08goDLQRNzDcAosJlaAYQOxoIMB/Gx8QYMIEgD+ZOYCVD+90SQHndWSP9TmbH2MrwTJYlec79rMNv1/KespwzX8s6SE6EoXXk0X7JPVvm0rY0CaaPdW1C0VWKWe/GDzGQ7HUBBNLL/c033TIA5H92t0EX0bGmjERNU9A6sY022rg8XKUzBiDxBCbMISkfKB3emaHxSFwDz4YXRfJdHoyHKTAJBuIQi/Rde/X1IbWBBTDMUQBCbpsrZC94AAgiasLQgETLmOcBOHNilsDwd00W+i1gQMPIB3zMPiB1jbbzm2mozgED+sf81VPdngl/xhumhO0zTz9fllh8ifiuKjoI5WN2L+xZvEsIMPloCBOl6PzB+71DK6Cz/hM6+gk8gCQwY60ic84UAm2SQBGpE2GzjMin/mk2B1ACqSVHTGAhcXN2sTr/4sviDWZTFLS3EL1ATAIIaDIlgABH38OE4+tAVAJIUIFGMldg61KhX0zNBwIACWNiYsyZfoxrebju8Jz/nQHCOZncfee8n2dlYW6H367l9WawJkiynDzn0Xxf/pxIZMK5n31plPd9eenFV8NBN1dgvZcBtnNnh5Ma68323mffiNoYQBIV03rJbIcdd4pBIeHkY3cz7ZyZD15lEHolQb02zRQhYa3YxlTyYj5b6gpG0E7yADLJCYz+52Sb38AMpK1nASm+TPdg5zro1wdTiy7SOAIGfBumnMAB5qA1gMs9UTVmmT3X/BZQoK0IGAEEAtSrAeaP+D9AB1zA5Bmmnfqi/G5PVCe/Q+zgo68Y7YfvSxn2+fBis0orB5huom4YnAawlMrCVFr1tlvuiHv8RQImJkGvvSHyohWQmQ964fmXAgjbbLtdBFVYAgBiQS1tPm7shNhDz+vlpgR8+v+dd94NoYNugGWMmJr+F3Xlf9FCtBYBw8ejjQkefIPvMyWAxA34nRRN7IkAUQAkiMD34RMJ1S244IIxX4JxSXBaJIGQDIrRMaH/Xc/f7vnfOe85NzN48zPOjmagZB51ZNBBp/J5+fP/lof7CSD/KzM1qEP5M76ZUaZMnRLfC/WNUmV5o9NGgD7ca06H9nii25OxHMVbmMKhVD6NRBICgAHAEMBFMtI8pCipZlUCH0qIFwBoFxKZmUbCMhnNpAvlCjwAMWAAp6hevpgGgJxd5fKnwmavz/K7fJDr3nvvCe0g+pamm6kIZhgm5++k32O1MhOPaSbCxrbHOABBc3iGDyDUTSLzgfg8wESrpYbjD1tVsOOOO1THeqmYw0Jv6fvZf69lTY0JelpHeNmHkoWo+YkCM7Q0IYM2W225VfQP8/smUm6urwzmrneVerzXs2rhy8uKK64c1oD5MslCVGFyQsxYAKA9AWkhQsgELsFkqgBgCDwCyHZm5v+YnLfeelsIHD6gAAFaZtIn0Vu0ASBr6vhAP73OIGgARBBFA7khTMeEo/IxHvQJ44lkYfJkygSQa5ichM9rzUcyexLY8/7Pa3n4P58BAv8DjvqV7/98Vp6Wz8/pSMAkqJz9T9oqd8yY8ZHHRJ9z186PxiDZTJCZgNGt6raywMCx4WkFIVbOPibu27dfDA5/htYhGZl03rY0wy7yw5+yJS5fwPMAxXQz8FtttXW83mC+iHZjkjBZSG4LMUWNSGPRKFLenAlQqRvAMDrfx3v7ghH8FFKUNvI/pgcoQLAaQeTMfE5+PMzG7sYamGgYvpCQNfBZiSAcDlDmmOQBNnVaBsbke7P6M2g6efKUWFdmqYxEE2u7Vey27EITs/4vvPhSrPsbOmRY5Z1ZVQvvVW6ujE+Q+byLSJ69wb2RK+jijWPr5jp0OKX8+te/ifJoG4tR7QtOs9imy7tTniPgRPWsgRORY1Uw0WP+rGoeY2G8CKO7q5C6qwKaprbUSRCItYLf8QflIaUGgg8mHKy0EsLOiSE3rM6miQQUhLE5mBhYIfwgrzUAiwRYmBqQ5IFQTAlErjk46fl/MnGmBFVzwuCuy6se5wSQcwLAPfkyv3IcfrvffMjjWeBw1ha/naXZs7+v0mx4fBKEV/VdlZ7UvRfs/vM//yuWfZCiokICBjYD4XRiBu/W2BebWcXMYpIw9Uha9jm7XKTukksuCwCExqoA9KxnONEGlsYBToDhGAu3Yj4AE9p1XZQpzTiSlePtHSKMIPJmnobv4ixY4Aw4mJ+vw5+xQoFPJFBgbIGMKQd4tJaJVVIYqGgeQAIgGodm8ywtxsTnb9lBh1CVhg0bXnwsjDamNYZ//kUFZuO7RHwZ81Ljxk2sdG/wz+xZ3wdggAi9hwwZWvlnUvAVAPnY2OxZ34VpRkChg6hc7BBUzWgazGp0bw/TMmuvvW7s42C5VI+e74fg4uN06dy1jrEvzduYpvLj1Gll4KeDGm2o/GKf8eaEN5Kf8I9JaCkBRNEQPKGBBBAAiAZizglj5/7YJlKpdkxsFrb5RadkxmRIR2og1zC4a0AFRH4rR6Oyga43a5VMGN41+dVFoyUIEzCIrA7/J9Ayf9aTByJ4PoHkvvqcLdQcWwfI+dNKVK9IS761wzllmmBWjmeuRWM6daxOLq2CednlwMDh9xsQ5GUeYHJOMvNOeYIBNJpJQGYFKSkIsXfbfUM6endH2criF8QqhsqQQOcaZmT/Yx7a58SqkQDNagCLZpPRmSCiZDQOn0fEjR8ERIDF1OMXAproGvOMtmHmMeHkoaVoMhpJSJzfYy6E1eIZUtgzxtBn9tH6m+kzI3rIxLzphlsi2uW1cIGTjz5qvItDIwAEsFlQ+knf/rE20GYkk6oG83Exmp+WsA0xDSy4QuigA5pbLcKE/utflw26MW3Dr6naDl1F+IDY1sbeVja+2jZhfOPbQtL31fcFYCl5wyHpS5r8eS0BBCc/Ach6HhoHkNwAJtfcJF3yE49WMZudVbBCEyDOGDRBgYFT8mNQxAWAvOa+fBpl4o/0SnC43zKp2z2dScZXp2f87xlluZZAclZPHurP6Fu2WblUtPa5biADPBXHBtZbrq6fUxlaeNmyGyBgdpi78cqC92QuvvDSGEw2uNUGHGahUoNuZx5Awky0B5NL6FT0x4bynFkTg4AFGJjAASBm3TEE/0D9wGOuhXYCOvnVIwxub7zzz/eFh9NC0/BvRM0AgAZJc8xEKM3CWQYYh3C1Venmc5iA5kB8PkYZNBEwes6sPG0FmCagAc8kO/pK9t62AsNWVwAiGsnn0D79IAwAxPo+vqWImOvAxaSyQiCia8edEJrcygMvNnLuCTBLm4BDPcBHa1loa4NJL1IC3eSvGrtFff11BcJ0/GSx84wYzx8qgL7/Du/MChCxNqwId6YJWR14CUiMu994BJ9Jym3WQHygCGP7JzdWtHzHa92ARMLYBzhXYLObFYZZTQg6KzSvJfNi0PxfAzxvDinvAQyHDOH9T0Nh4gSPxnsuzwkIv9UnnwOgPJ+dVZ5yJP8nwORpCSq/tZEGJIWVC2SuZfvdc86EIUVehHqtGiDdRa5MNnaqAKKBaAKThMw4DvNaa61dVlxhpVi9YE5JxMwrzMwyTHNJNetoKysTaCkBBrY8xmL+8Z9EoAQh2Oq+xABMniWhbciBwUxeAgYfR4DAXA0Gp42Equ+///5YouODVjSS34BAiiZQzAcBEEfaKg1ROGMuPyskV2SjgclG44E+zDL0JlxNeWgDS0UET5n8LxpQZKt56Q9z0XUajznJz/li+KjQGF5O7N9/QAXLwAgqTJ40uY6zV1Ps5UaQzg5zDDhspDJ1yrQGQGo7cuySV/CEQ3uNO0FqjKXkX8n9THgKnyRPyCclgATackHpTxrIISIDTKJwQpkcRJpH4VS3AhXMJnRWMObMxjq7ntc0BIMCSf6vDPclHdIoYPB8Mxjkd+hA3nfdoT3J6JlHOQZRXkQB+iwj25OHMhJECTrXk4h+K8dAOGsXp5Ikppn5FV6FEKkS/bJrjkAAxz8jZUBiToQPxDxhfrgmZM0fsPkg8wwYvMNijseeAyJxpDUJ7B5z0Xo8S1v4X7Qgqc5UpNGsEreiQRgbQDApE4wmEtJmiomkmq+xVIcZZ0W1FenC0nwZwQOMbYWB9758uExfMTcAMPf4xMLd6CYZR3SS0BCNjInIHsGCRvwlZVtv51UIwsdSIlaNCB6fGtAapjzTuo7Lt1XYfWuMG1/lmzqlmvjVf7EF8syZs+N7sQ6ft/QiHn+q8UJeQ1hKxpV1o1xHbkdA8+Ijfh5TVsILQPVzKflaSgCZ9vkpiJCLSGkiy0ncNP9Dorku4oJo3mbUQIeCFKxxeQ2jORBW/gSB/xHY/5JrDgSXX+OdlSdhYr+dm4EiuZ7gc89vRwITaOQHoFw17sh2Kcd9vz2nTY685px1AD5AmgegNRNcGNJAmDNziNg8/HDXcu/d98eaLUzN4cfkNAwnXyiaKea9FCadGXS+EBufMww4AGKRKC0VCyCrGcQZ5iuJ6DF5hLUB1JuW/CiBB2YTk0a7CD3gYZb5n6YEGuCnTaxxpJFoKZpC1AnImGKAIpjgd2oJzE/zCiaIuOU4SJgSAIwfGqGfcVAPvjBpLT/6ui6hIxpLeCjHbvbs6otWujOvmFReIuSbeFWfppk6lRCjGRqHLb+YXUDnNZDJtSw++sc/Lqj14h9hwOwEWIEVUT4CBn0ICRrVmOJVbWq0oyGcM7mmjdqaYWyfNxF4s1JHwK1VLialloCIRvLbgj8ZEBlxmGIKwIwKRCSROeDw2728r1KMm8yJoZWhca4ls3oWozo3A6i5E/Kn1HNuHkTPKCvzpDr2v4F11hbPyKdtCaIEscM1bXA/n9EnIMQkrilbXm0DVO9Lec+m0zmdqja4N3abAR6+Cs3DpBOqtqHjEYc19ilwTVABUICCZqKFhK1N9gEdx5vDTCMx78zAAySfx1Iiqxf4BMoyz0QrXXHFlVUb7hUA4tQDAN8l18XRCIBjTRzJDAzAzzeigUySMvf8z7QTZWPKYTjmvH5LqdnRFoCY8rQYABGw+EIeY2ps/I/O6jQ+aJpjhebOyQfC31ZnC1VL31TNAkQA5XVvb63aKIbfAmgOG6l4o1cSkhdhZJ4K3XNF9FEQhDYk9Ph3+qtu7deWtI6ckz+TN/yPbwA/+T8BRAOx2lqJus0777wx7yO6AkAI/ac//SleuKJ2MRQi6bBCNQAik/FV6prKmhnT4dlkTEkZ+b9n/Xb4Lb/nsxOuJZGzkwZQmfLKZ8AMqMFy1j7P+O15h+S6Mtxz+O2apCzt1w7XJfdycN23shkDuOZ/BDVgBstKZHM2Qqb8F0AyTyM8zYQTqo6lQGd1qpr90FjlQMMA0eOPdotFlHya0DgVOELggAgo3mXhGwlYAJ9Fk+oQpBCYoOVMDPIn+GUYidZxZnqJngkSAAdwAZY3VIGMGSN4YDKUuSXoILDAEmEK8o+YO1IKTfT2m/Dk2wIHQZP0RZvU/unr4gv0TXp73hgqS97G+BKcP5T+Az4to6vmH1uv2/OOWWdnoF132a1qlYuriXtV8fG0W265NSKLbVpvH3tG8N/4dPriOiXATOWjEiQCIzQy3k6e0FZt8r+xn1PSD/3GT/iPCQcjgghhwpEwlmiLrLjA/xHf9+amz9yTMCpIokjZ+ZbM6f88EE6+JJ778mmoZzO/+wiYHfG/PMnQzlkeyWbgAEB+1xwIobxkdmUYPL8zKcNzykQQg6gdKRURRx/937JtpJX6JMChlZTFtleG+QlffzCjbaLT6mraBOPbO42ZRhvRKELbzlYeCBiYq7C9la90M/P4SgIFfB3lWr5C+6QpCGR8I2aeULYgg0+ceKUbs9Ac/BfABhzSl7ni5Tf+CcAACqYineUhnfk7AOcwE58JDfUfUNAsaWpc0rxFC7RCf/RLWjUn13Kc/GZiMbUsvGVunlb70+ejjyNyR8va1qtr10fKq6+8FhE4wsOckgjm738/VwgJQDn66GNq28YFjUSQmZ36zETlB6YPRkDQxPpgbPGHsTS++pJJ21q2P695FoAED0weRxQuF5JSbW5QT8w3SzBMJFLNiIJYyWgIBhwKTSbXENeSmHkdgzkjnHuedy+fzfL8L092SBnO7knuKcsgyYsIruWgJMP73zMIJJ9DOdkWfQFEEiXP7gEPYABo1o9gykkhIi96CAmzrRvtNUc1PSJllvEIEjC5+CiYnp+Dyd9+692Yw1hhuZUiSEDjiKx5SW7bbbatmumQCOkKaQOPZzENwAAfwNBi1n+ZkLXpSP9+/SvwOlYmaoSXrRIABMzJbxEsEI0TRMBsmEn/WBX8HRqLj4uBrZMz5n6jBTrS9sZIMrbolQzoOnoBFhpnQjf/GwNloGXzWLmPhiwf80qifFtvvVX1uxeKaKAwNxpabUAQPFiFisWe5nYEaqyX23HHncr+1Xw9/LAjYkMVK0asdl9llZXDh2eSAideSqHo4CfhYX3QDin5Rd+0O9vp0G7XnKUEEOCIwpkvbUXjMN+81g1A1BPfR0SOBhKmRHRSCPPqPKKoQAMR0H0E1RCHxjkQXV75NMJZR+SRMKcOypsg0MHshORaAhMAlKFTnvFbp4RVDSZp6Fn3DL5nPKtObfe8dmqTI9urLnmyH5I6PKNM9wkQ17RXcEG7nKO91aGdOvnriB7RDsLZfBQLU+2+GSupL70imN9CytjRs/Ojseob0HwkzArghyoIzYGYG+L7iNr5uJV5IZ9W8fpxMNIddwdYzS8B0y3Vvzqn+mI0EP8mTTFmDU0ESEw4JgzTzDWBBmPLl8OohAMzVV8xkyUtlu6gJbpkXyX30QFtmxNhiC7o7Iy2aCahq2sSX42FI5LJl7BSAtMfe2y76DeNjU4mmL0WgqYrrbRKaCZ741mtQGDROlYsCCRYSaJdeCLHGX9pg7GV1J+8pl3y4JNM2dZM/tfH7Dde4wNROsxcG+/E+0BA5AxAzoIJYv6/+93vwgZWIWZSmcJU7H8NwogaiHgOjXdNQ+XRIZ3I/93znEM5CYoEUBJAY509q07P6YzDc67poOf8RixMoA7tcPasvA7E1YZsv3IwizzOGAKjKM/humcwFW2Tfc0+uuf/kHBTGlpR8gKcl+kECJgbHH0Mb9WChY4CAcAlcEADWU3QpvUO8Yq3Cdr8jpF7VmJb9xamW/V5+FCAyMSz1Me1K664OgIUwtQiasAAjHwgPg9Th9/DPxAUkMd9mkdfCAjCEQ30xzlBRGigo+QaGqCh8XbWZ9eTzn5LaGwc83+0Vp7rkhUT3uqkgUTH9t13nxAiXvO2Zo0ZZ4ssy6XMBdlDz6LeXr0+qO2ZHoDxMuGIEV9Eec0peVX9krN+/qukrZ6V9Cv5TdJuikI5AORVB/NkMNJKFI7aAx4qKdfDCWH/9re/DYdTIxAI4RBLAxWu4GaiYXogw8yYzDVET4Z0zaE8/ytPWfLlYChX4113bq7bOX+7rlzPyocR1Os57XBfSmJkmz3jf/W754wwHGIAdL8Z7EClbHlJYWByPfsNYCNG+DRGpU3VQDG7/e2sMm78hNjmicYY+OngYpslczY2EeHn0Dykrfke6+yYb5bwW/UtOEALWXR5x213hSknWGCDDKYd38fWvSSzlcfdqh916mleVLsmtI95HGYcM42vI8LGpCPptT/pbGyMlwOD6GcKhqSZs76jeSY09wyAobkx8TxaKlu5yk8a5diipTzKxYBeFTc/06VL52J1tk9U2jvBEhyhbKsLROVE5KZUIWUeaOKEr2JtnFdQ7MZqRYIv/SWfSOrKOiW/Hf8syZsA8ls7/e83fiBkEkBe96GBIoydWkcwwQWAgiwhOotJAQhRMT5iImQyGiKlCeee/3UEgRIsCSINSgC4lowqf8vOZjmekdfZ4XqW15w867r72pHaRDu017PKy2fVnfldRxgM4beUzJMpASQpz6Fvrk2dapErMJLg1X+rA86csBx/2jRfCfgqvvXz2aeDAmQkp2X2fBqaxuQrrQIclthb0mIVAt/JUh/+k99AYwKWOcgP8BqAl9Curlqtbdu9YrUBM42WYY7zd8yDsPv1X1sdaK5/zDf9AIAcB3R0dh1t9JHJbuITDZLBlIO+KZU9xyE3tjmOnm8eJ8+4l0zJsvG8NG3a1Er/CbXuOt6zqrCNidQfTb+vjQVt90OYbkLZNBONbQmVT+3LL6xtTHMM1aPf6lJWtv3nUrYtk7Y7XEeHDGOnD0Sjhwkn8ibkB0hA5CZN5Le3NE066SjiaIhCEE9liIS4pJqB0IFssEGhCeTXAM9jSteTsPIlOJSXzI0IBtmhDPU5A7LyXPdMAsLvBKZ7wCBfloch3MtnJGfPqCvbmsk1bc7nM6U/qN3yeGbYsM/LyBGjatmzy7RqXnxXnxn6+bDSo0evuG8f6pEjRsfHsGykSFoCmF1iLF/p/sabYa55QzWX6YjSeeUByIS9zQsJa1sDx6TzGoX3iWJTjAsuDlPPOJnEFGUTukYr/U5BYFz0l9Ywbmihf4BhVYB88mS/8hl0NP6EJjrlmMkvrzIk95O2nsvxdHjG/QRl8lKWIy/6mRz9oeKGFp8123NVE1RwAJXEZBOyJ2C8Pk8z297K6/T2nkjeyTFLXnT+VynzZsp2O+s3oYwWAMTFEYVzDgCl/8N8I70AyE0AEs1AZIWoBAFSA2FWZ/dcw1wqyU7I75rnXfdsPqNxycR5XTmOvIYBPK/xCA0Y/kd4dcibZfits67L41n/GzT/y6cOeZNAmcdZHe5nHwkEbdZ2v9XJsSaJ/JbX/f79+wVwPMfksGzewlTvtJCoztZwMetcF7GbMIE/RuKbF2vMc9jonf8EXMw9Nr/fXrCjtfp9MqC83/ODWMzq1Wfpyy/HVM02MOipX/renLST2amd2U8aCbjQUps96558CSwAQk/33XMt6Sapx3grFx38L6+UZeYYO5TrnNcyqSfra9l2xc2qtCSQfBsJjQDFYl0gYvLx/fiQXnHwot2YMV/+1GZ1SupsWfbPpWybM37JfjTTBYD+rzdS/QNE/gEkAGLC5da+Qp7pTGpIMlsWqAKN9huzIax7SdAEgmsa4vBMDoyBUm7zdWfXDE5qHdeUox4p8+QA+V+dysQcnkvQAYB82tL8vDyeATA+kP8RTj1Zr77ml8qlbIOylKkNAOH1B+DwbpEZdZ9hbNzzYayJtY0N6Swx5WZMr1quaicvhNk45OM+n4TZh1kk76h8/NEncW/K5GmxJN/hfRZ1+IDV8GEjAoj8Bf1Qnzbrr6hkpmYaoYm8+T/t4nBN37McgsJ1+Y0rgBkbCY3dTzAqX3LOcc5rkt/KTS0koWH+/uYbUwx84Yb59s03zD9tNs/3XXmvChGRTXvniUjyD4HHppJ2LxW18zKd9YD4SbnarV5Hjt2/StlOZ7RQjrND0mYAYrFZykPpxGpsIHIGHiE6/g8tBEAiJalBEEDDENYgKRCxSSfXMbzGagBCesZ9jZLc8382zG/5/DY4mU/yv+vqUZ9ntAOYPaM+9zA0B89v1x2YW13JDO5pk+v6ICkbcORRhrLd979+KF8efVOm68rJ/ii/0e7vInLkdWag8M0dr0JgastQ+EVTK3NgDJ+D5wtl0MHyFBElYMkzLTZp4pSI7OWLZ7TXl2PGRZ6vp/I19a0RGgbQhlabEO2zvIZZ7TeayeNAT8wOWNquT2iSAsG11K7yWj8HNBJ6KFPe/N84uJ+aqpnpkvbNCd2aAZgWg7I8JygQZlw9z6qmHABlevnFV8qhBx8eawEFZZi+fEIbuthD4bbb7izHHHNsOeqoI6Pd6s62SNqWdf+rJK/nHZ7R1qRVAoiiMdkcKxGgCIAcwCOkTQMJKCSAPIihDIBGYUIDhAipQVSWRNN4zIgpc/Bc8zslu9/JqAk+DVW+Q7mu0wBpgjkDk/I87395aBmDa+A8q+7suHvyaJtnEkDyphmj7mbpmO1qTtqjPwgpWXRp2b/rmWbP/nu8U2RmfHaVnsBDWzQ+3WFeqUraCgDM4troUWNjKb5l+YCQ7yB5s7N/v09r35mi/MYqMGoeABR1Akhl+TwHLdaIXDUWatIKGSnETM3aBY3SVDOm2pTtd19E0f+uM1fRR1IWwHjG/aSPZ4wFWqpbuUmfrDOvJRPm/8rxnDa5J6EXuvB5Zn2LZg1+eunlxrtD9oUTteQLMnOFu80HmbgWru/Q4eQYE+VK2Tb1+f2vUrY9kz7oV/Kq/tvaF2bMn5kzje8DWfNG+wCNkLYQtjVD3ki1Khej6ijmR7iUVFJKOoUDhgY7EIi085xG+B9jc8Tz+ujRo+ogMwP4IojsnfrG0nZSlzT2piOTCGElKh3TfD2tIYm/r0TOfmuHt0uT6UhsZTCB2NPyBzPWZ8eOYeY1fIMBVXvYWCRNpUzfzKgS/OuGr/Lddw3N8s0MkaIqIWu9XsJSpoHXZmDhAKvfJuoG5Nsfl93LZ3Wx+/J5uYu28ltfaSzt8lsYl89jVl4fEihAxqdCj3ib0wtksznaNN0/NKU+5eATQP5PZtcmhzFCL4fnHMxY1z1rPDGN3yk4msFD4Cg7hVOWl2VlOZk87388oC2S8rJdmddvdWQe5dhGiyA38WqCn/kkNA80wvNWT1iW5H/vJGmHMrRDff5vKRDnlGK8Ks2cPSf5n7DUDjQRmYYXy91gJT5v4h0gqMrfInFAJHNOpAKKMzQ6gIW0AwQVknQGwP8OxEkplR3SABLQs56ZObOacMyUH+lskowE91U0S9bRlOmDsQEBA3nlFwhmflM10vivAmATxlmOUyVaBYm8TAHmz9DBw6o0H1EmVL8i30DE9EwtQJlUy9SOL74YXQk2vUybMj2AJpH2nPcEEO2CuQOAoUmq017bYOBtV6ttNAtBgLmBQBuBpPH8d9EHABAc4CPJR2j4jIl26rd8NBLzLkBeQRKmXC1jxo+moUieeoAvIlW1DH4EhkFnY+U3uvttHFw3JsbOONAugOE+wUiwMdNc96zr8krGy7WUxvLLl3nwBTo2A0ZyLcHryPva5WiZX1na6bnmZOkUoNjbTqTRHJelSyaEc9W5xZ3yCLtLys42tSzv55J8aOSsHfpLE1sK5Tq6mQeyf/xPQQR/IMlyHovxmHC0EQD53L3FhR6mNXRagQqCUIRLqUbFZ7CBdHJ2zzN+K8Nv55QuU6Y0nHSSHTNgbE415kxtQeKbSCN1Oc5A4+tiGA0DYkagIemZTbQZZsfMfAlSXbmY3/J44DJuTASaQnIPAIYNHREAlbTDjjCY3iAAcgB4EsncKE/7tHvi+Elx3W/aafy4iXHIp86GyVZNqOrX6AetMmL4yACTMh3mN/QDOJgwX08j7QVS/nEAJQEjcNDQZPywhgbD4Bg7D8m11BJo7n+MQcBh/rQsElQp+IyTvCn8XPOc//1WpiOvyeN/ZfgfvZJxk0eaGVoZrkmeVW+Woy0JVod8gC1s7I1pFpH3mXLBrLkvy5dcE/CSP4HurCzl/zspn9VG7dZOgLQ3oqR/fCD4sNI7JlLz/R8AsqWvm8LZ/vfhrdwXjsQBGvMNOoRgKtFxjcwolkakhPKcxqtYHvecNcx1z9jbi8+QIMIYYepURmTOYWhMjxExYJhnFVAJuClTGxqnYQ41dl5x1jYS3Ro1UpzJBYyYlT+hDPcwrbkH90h8Dn5Eter4AsO0qm1i0KdjUL4gSY+RGuBm+rmf1wBNXwgA94AemNxzTR8AgSDQrtRWgBH+UwWSNtBQrjv0CUhCew0dXiZ/RctXWtSytAEdMExaAGiMWQHHOGhfAkE+h9/y5QFQ8gCF8fI7mds1+SXjDXiEpDokz6vbtazbWMvrnIkmc83YaJN8yRsO1yX14p18lqZUvmgoAFkYS/PklyOYb8y8TJ5ThvLQIEGRAP65w33POCeQs2+StuZKBPX+tJiUBspAQgLIROpcc83109a+Os/3cVD3iOqaQh2uOavcYDDpAAnhdcihM655LqUibYIJGlIUGCuBqwbhI6R0JX2dMWb4F/UceSuzMr1oC/+rY3plJuaNer2paQ9m5pGkH0wz+7/5EDGgYOwwiyoAJRGg4SO+iPAxTVjpGpEvebRDPnUxCwOYtS7XtCN8mGpOMRej/bUsAGpMotb+1cOqBPuZjRxhQhPoqn+k7cyy2PSi8b6/stKJlrRDHUCcZqj6p9V8aIKuaG4MMJy+EngOY5LjhckTZBjL/6KYzHG/jZ3n3Zc8K6VPoNwcQ0wnpSZqTsZCGRg58yUvxLjX68CdwFSmtjtrh7Y5MlCkHQ4C3AJUKy6YcV5TUIZns/3Kdk1bE4iuSc2AaT6yn5L86vWM65SFBcv6DEDW8eXbC/GZe2E5Z6810EYARDNZjW2JCDTqdHbG2f8K11DEFfFBkBy4HKTMp5EIrSxl6LD7zBuMGT4IJvzRv5gyqeH3mKQEHptNjBszISQ3ALkGOJgzzSqah1SmwfgFzLshQ3xYd0b4ELNmmjAcW9vPZ6oDVPPQTDQVye6apA0m7mgCTI1hbXjBqW+sw+K/2RvCXnmjyogvRkY7tF+7Jn6FwfR/djA6DcSPyVUINsrgg/HzjJv+ehYttDu0UtWGnsk+fTWh9rWafkxAwAK8DJDwoZrB46UyjJgMm2e0NzbontdJV69ruOdIoHke8xlPY+k5v41n8//GVTnOmfxOkKinZdJO9eTzdjv1xizn3Bo5mzxyFfTFfW3Uv+Qb7xAR7DZPcZbHgc+UKemjdqpfW/Qt8/yzQ3JWl7L8xu+WRaELEw42BN8om1iNnXNAVBNUUU3+p4GoSsTKBI20kGuIgEgILXTKT9JwBE3ka7hr/k/Q6BBp8dUks9nVjKlMiTGAJaJaPzIdM8YaKT4BkHhDEWhmVc2D2TAQQDCVHDTSV6EVGpEoTEw6R5kVHH4rG0OK/ikfUc2/eFkLc0uARUO43ggi/BCbBGJ8ZlQyBR/LM65pBy0FDH7rj3qNCYCGL1S1lTxMNX3WDvkBY2LtV8NX8vqyd5NGVdrNCAATHrSorW4HDRwSfaA5Q1NVYaKMiV81NAc/FAMaG2NkfDCD/41LsyQ2DpgCc2KUzG9sbPaRAR/7G2CmHDt5lOXwv7Jcy0O+ZL45JfV4LhP/xvtIhLAX4fg3hIBrzDOvXuSXIfAZ34cph7cAjY+i79rtFQzheP/jOYLAeGmjszb93JHj6re+oQsa0Gp8oQQQfNhfgvUWW/sCTQIoF5XSRF719k6JAaDmdTrNNxUoUCfcJ8U0HEjyUHHmMbAGxf86k4PRMFmm1aPa+ZUpaApmkQWazBjaxhE+h6NKeIxI3jm7hqFoCQyIoWr/g3ifDhhY+n7cL+ZUMGnDLJwdYDGX8PgT3YJYNA0gABntInjgGklfm1qfqYKgAgBz+1/lInjaFXnqJW3QB2CJgED1zcKUrFoE0Gk9mikjhyZeB/S3M82oACZTk78DfFZxW5kAwOET1jrQSV5tE3GkmVzTHj4cRrGmzYAbK/TFRK4bL2ODIRIk6OCMTvL6jQExkXvKSGnuujwpFCX3lJt5MqGn8XXO/+VxLc/JyNkWALLDkdCwd4X42F45F3VTpzPezBXm//Ef/xEha6vPbb2GV72J261bt4iQtWrVKl631w98ql7nbNfPHe5rj3ZRFPwqoXPAdh8PAxB8AFDUxXQzo5q+j/+9kcrGy3kghEJ8QHAAAXAYHJXRPJAPpXkd0eXVII0HsmZJaEAQ0lwMxsBgTJbah3pvVpgmU358SY3vYDkMRpTH0hm/aSmmHkmO+TEULVP7GkTLiJ6JSXXZhM9Z0GLU6Cpd67P+718ZOQa78sbYcZb3e913ZAQZ+DE0QGxuUZlWvbTX4IFDa/nV56sgUc/ILxoTlN5f4ZtgeuUMGdTY3xnTu64sfpE2AJNDXbShCVJBEyYcING6yvmqAklInv9GYzP99IuASXAzM0hnoJEwngF3Ha0BwpgkI7uGKYwJGrgnuU/4yZPJmMnrLL9+ypcgdPa/++rDH/m857TFWXLPM468Zm8GPo19C0zi28jGZig0kcTEw5sJIFMtQCWY4A1qb9bSRN4zEvwCRFEyPCtpn7ZlUq/26Tce1XbXnLUrAaRMa0HxtoQuAGSaBz74QmHC0UBQnEEEe4DZccbm8t6XVwnCGARo9BtR8noGFlSsIRrhXg4SwACWQUqJII/f46rUTTMIcwkoYCL/C/UC1/hq4wdAKpDYtcwZzCmP+xkCTlNNUj7GxIhMOtppPP9pmjAsB7Fh9gGFva8jLFzB8lUFtPd3er7fK7QJomJk2iU1Ceb/ctTY4p2fNMMwM/Ays0Z/OSb6aJUB32rY5401axNr/wHXs8CUGmTgwEHVrGMaNrSf7+ZYF+cZAPp+tj3SKnPW9o8fW/v9hSmDhs+lDH1GezTmh6bWQf9kegcGQBf3/cZAzUBp9LXxNqrxFFhwpDlkTI0h5lKu/PmM/9Uvr7ITVJnUry55tEsieG0LZtspJhvTUyRYYMD2U86SvQwI+QSQOR+773iF3YaN6hHOxsOA5beQt70M9VHb1e3Ajy0B5De+InDwZF53TXv1V9IvKxFoH0t5ADkmUs35ABLniCPHJ8rP3FOpKZ1UYFJLZw1YEkgDVYaICRYDiVAIynxg4pGQ6RAqy73Bg4eECWN/ZIyBUUj7ZErMSjrTRMHwlfEbYezGigQz/g55MTnGUgai+J+EpuUSQK716PF+7OKvXoEBIAxw1Pv8sBHDRoaJJSAQUr4Cyz2aI0BTgcKXoXn8D2i0wudV0wFAQws2aANwETmL+ieEafZp1VJ2KtU3ZprPHPruqfIJiS9rHz7o1TteZ9ZGwkId2pjmnAPAGotMgakxh2PgSXnjYVyS8d1LAZf/A1MKNQwur9/JbAQj/4dpSHC6LynfGMrTMmE+dQBQ1u9/15sBpYwEEvMNn9E+NgLRJhrINdEvv32W0m/mnlfXtReYAAgQ5ZVPvXYoAjKMr+6ki/46/lnSTvxLcKRiSAARFADkXSAg4v4EgJhs6QOZ+6EuE0BQbzB0CiGFETG+iqTnn38+JrG8WQhAks6xxR0qRSyDlx3wO6WhhPksmwGOSJXOQrsYERj4ORgYw82c1ZhHoHUsdwnATJ0RETqaCYMCBOnM56j0CyIKLvCHDCKJzX8R2cK0rgGWOiQaD5hdN0nqrC0Y2XO0FXB5ee7v1a9q+EY/BChpoASkZwcNGtJY9VBBRNPa9Jz555oggQ8JA7EDwAkGyfzYa692L0OrucjHsRun1xcioFL74jl0HTbsiwBXOvzJwI17DZMaU2F4eVIjYSjjQKhhFkkf3EtQGSPPGcMEj4T+LI/M539lOZTvf+0wvskn8vmtLcpVT96jTZhjeEldzgAATDYasasQHrMzqned8J+lPcwom6boCz7Fs15lZw4qT53aqF8tk7rd1x7CXrv9Rg/1m3Pii4nyuSZpt412vIbOWou1cCIJ6QPRQv7nJKUJ5xVhnVUJojmrWKNIEMQCMAOWEgcRHBpkMF3TSXk95//UWDrCP8BQo6ofwZEGCn6GeRwvUfF7mGKYnbOuXkyKOUl4czrAQlvQCrEYsQ4eE0+IV51A6J0bbQAOWst+yvLH6ucKkASwOSDf+6R5gIUpOXjQ0AhXM9kiKlbNsnjVQLCA+VeFgG+CCgwIQctDSzkyCKIPggXaJNQOGPw9+YGTsDBHBOjyOjzLnLMZo3eBgA47EAxoRkONqfmshUumRHPMTDIDUKP/DcsA7eXzPxphMOOEKdEm70ueU4awscS0o5FYEe5JnlEWKQ1s6jCu2qAt7vstqcfY5f/yY0r/5zyUxASzVMae3JKy1Yn39EsZtIP2JGAJdntACC+zoGykon51ZtJmdTk3t0vKa9pDUSTvapN6tRWPA5BJVOYiX6gVjQM8/vEOkN/OVJS1cMKICkVslQBR85wPdNI+zjqnUnn9TqDoqBAkUw6wgEnDDBqnWAiXg5zmF8Z1NCYpf4y0VWnf8FuqaVB/N5bKYILGxKP3cYzp339UYq6PHllNxXoMGtSQIAhKYt98y63x2Qy+kN3+MSoA0RJ8MG0RwYv1c7P+Xj7s/VFlnL5xnenE36JpMLoytAVgBlXNIjCR5psFqPoDBMxPz4uwAQyTVADCFwZspu4TJt71eeONN2OnGcKCRqTJ0CW/SqCvggYzvv42hAkaZEraO5JRnPXbtWRW44bpjQ0TJRlXPozJccawec0zNiGhAewj5zV/428s8QPQZN3KVq/k7HmH33jCfcnvZG68k/zgOqFtByH1ZFJ28hNGVg4gqV87/O9VDtpDGZkIA+5Cgldb8lln5Wm7shPc6KRcNMo24131MuH4V5RMrIWjcagjWojpJjQnlJ2rsalED+pkShj/a7TfKnE97/ufVNCw1DqIw5zQqCSahiIqQGCS9AeABZPSEELZjVn36qBWMyWAVJlm5IjR4cfwN2gg1/hDGJvWAQT/m7uh0ZTFTDT3op7ur78ZgQptUJZgA0fdPWACBisNaBWmoENgQMSP1pLM5dBMTC6MDnju0YpMSeah33ba6dd3QJicvuP5zjvvhXZFJ36R9vN3vKagrCFDhoamNOf12cBB4f9pN22jPhoTKJmQuXIBQA00pk7m0jcMgfHQ3NhgJGMjL6luzJgookyuaRPmSUBJGE4Z+RxGy6R8/xtHYy1PMqKyMG/eT+Z0xjfKdOCjvOZ5dSsLr+AhSVnKyTqUo0/a5tygZYPPAN9vbU1NKnnGdSnrQwNL1WhVGstaOmV4JcK2YGnKqZtgQVtROMAR6YOXeB8ImthztI8te4QCTVwJKIjCJYpF4Ugsg6GBOkBamaU1EDqtoc2NVHl2HsF01vNMA2WErzPZy3GTIoyLaTFFAKKaP8w3u7XYHtck4uwqyb36zN/AxLQSZsJE8gOQtxtdx5zu+c3kUw6CD/psSEj42TMbUbePPmpsSs42AlTPye/NyEzKtQQI8ABp4GeD4+U4oAUwdWAU76Z46ctKBsxvzgkwaVJaLa/THIIA2iFgYcMM3xUFkrEVPDSbfeRsjeWbQPbAbnfs8bGpiJfImHPeA9Kf4cNHxODbgdP4SIBA6xNcEubBkM7GAqM4gC4Z3D3jY5wSFMbQmMqb0t+R4FAP5tIOZSSvsEqYfgJOudG8svFMtkcdknsJBOdMys9nEnDJQ55XnzZqn7zqdg1fZXnue949vyVl6AOwmabBw16J0F7lAhZeRjv+WeZPAAGOVyrEDCKMbWYVcNJ8cwguWMqjYIRTIGIqBNERtEFwtr3dHxs70GAmzEwKew6zYxhmiHtCyhifNBbixeBMIHMdQyqDDho4uDbYquqGFqE5/M6yMaP8QOZZGkpiNrmP8YyLTqszfRBSO0PNNACiWvMGADb4sBGIAX3vvZ7lpRdfCWABDX8JuENLMSdnzCr9+g8Ik5JfxIehARNAPoLlE+rnn3dRfXZkAGLqlEqTanZpH3p9PnRE7RNfrQ5sbRN/iu/km0K2vNpuuzZl6b8sU/beq/HVug3W3yjK9L0gH6HaZpvtyuabbxkfM7ahiHkuQQXlhAlcNZk5qvSrYg6rtlMIHJ2mC6LU9gBwQ/s1piCSIdO6IDAd+sWcwlDMLAchiA/whf89izc8h7bG3rPGQR73E5QJVGf35XfPGeO77rdzCmRn1/IsXz4nGRv+qkQI67PEzzS/5751koSiR6x2ZxbjTbyFX42N8RgzuloilW/xijyEqcTdaLzOsGxs0Wyzx1ZMNiZcmnKAw4TLPREs2CNhSBFEdjSAYVPxSsxqz2N45gqGMmga8uwzz1eJPSSYl+TlCMfcR7X9mTyiZpgXOHIeiANtf2TJ4A4ZPCzMNHY/E4iZhCEwIgD5rXwdxYyia+r/tjI5E6h79zerCu4VhGaWeY7v4ktpQBzRvm+rdhreIBCfxTtAL1XpngNT6gAAkE0+MDhGGFhBrqyP+34S5Q6pbXRd2nDDjarp++v4hIkVENl3oOXbeI+fH2RgDBqt5r5dOFdeadXYaceG9L77CUy+ymZjRnNVNlL0NQdvY9qRxlfgFlpwkfhmqAlc71N9UU3S8JEqswA9vwkN7LNt5xq0wDAAqx80omvjJzTMP/4qqcvmJ6GNt0Sz0RSZMDImTganAZKxk3a0ExA0p9QoCaQEgqSs5sP1LL85JdjmlI+ACCAZ2x8FMbrIg19ofs2zPhINCHH5vAqT5jwLw8Yt3ni1SaZ5OcWjGwAtueRfYtfZFVZYqbQyGUQLeZ07tQ8bT2hbEEFEhLYRg0ckdrMzAowYMbxqH/sVzA4zBEOQ+LSGb9iMqKaFhHkGVEZiWoli0SKiSTrD/2Hj+1S5aJI5mIim1etf1zrksYIZMwIH0AEg0yckyLAvfvIL1M2HoQ0Ai8kHeJjU93VIGwmx+n7cP4hiMCb9CNBe738YWovfog0EggGZWP0Zg0K70Xqe4VvZGN6czqDQRDPjywIrrrhSENYnTphbhIiP5TLRfCMUQNHDwGonDWA7q0UWXqwstNAi8VlDG9PHF9uqBkOnho/V8D3QG5BtpuFz+D7z6EO7Pqfvqw+33Xp75KMVfITL3tq0k3qGVw0lmTwmYcdWITa80lt/UkMQjsxr2oXZA0CpRVxj3sgDCJ5x4AdgwcTy+99BA8nvOUCRgEY9qV0c/m+ZXMvrLX/nM0ChnDwbo58AVJPfM358DQUfCdoI5oiaGkv7ldvpxz59QJIam3AksLo98VT4pjQ7IU7AANAyyyxXdtpxl/hKRKyFAyDnXIkAQFbF2trXq7OIgoDOllkAlNSYZGq8Q6NBNAHGI7FpG+FkSR73Ae2rah7QKkAkP0npf+FqNHKYcCSt088BACafejLggAlJTyaWiBSpK5QNAEwYb7rqeESyanskRKaOgbFLl0dis/JjjmlX1lxz7SDKPHPPV/u/clngTwtVO3fN2EXUZ0sevP/h2JcNQw2uTr59rUl0Zft6Akmub7vtukdZbbU14p4dZH73u7li4jkCGRXQNA1aSAb04c5dIv9fl1429oB75dXXYuCizOpjhXlY8zErX3vtjRhECWPQ8vqCLjbYAD77cNM4/EaApcV9wp+gwGTaYP0gegEvs4ZAw9yDBg2s9xuhcOBjxhln1kcuZRFq5i/QTkCEnoAEPO75TWuxTtyTxz1gAsLUEi1TAilTM0gkvxMkqbHcSxA17jemEpxtxEjwSN5SZroSICwSUwjyAIuAjslq/Mct6PVB76Bdv08+DaGOx6waUSctngBaeullKj52DF4JH8ghiCCgIHAgImciywbgOQ+EMCbihDGBSQIgalBFQEMD0Aw0hgZmCJZWACD/YwL/01aeEYnyucP4/s1p3mnvEWUDV6z9qtKDBFUuhpDMofBFmGyeBx42L0nDFDSxirmeeuqZ8uxzz8cr34gPUJ0f7lrWW3+Dap7+qmy22RbxcWAagz/R8axO4WfYMdTmfb6U4JMlyy63fIAq+92c+ldia5f+ouMll1wafsCJFXDzzDNvaAnhaSsWgJ2mY/YC5NzzzFP+8pelYztf8zkAQ9Pw/UhKwqXxfpPJ2sYbrblUqcG8HP8G471RmUPAwVIhCV2YKSKZ2BBgMEWE0vv0LW+9/U5oWprumaeejRCwMRYAME3hNwBhmjRP9Z+JB1zJ3JjLgUcwsmdSGzkAJy2WDCRkuf7XjwRHM2CU6Sz9AyT/t1/UDKDmpD68QJCG0K58Z2tgNCHMEjjMfHmYcczit954J/rh8zTMOSY6IW1+0sLjBNACCywUPujyy65YWtE4JoVoHUt6FltssVhQmhOpdrrUUXYx4pqwSvt17NgxMX+BIEAEJBhXI82sk/wTKmOFz1PvCQWTqFCOkTAdpmAqhU9SE1qY02Fvuo9BPG/VAdDxl3QKw1l1ILwb5ls17ZRJmgCf54W6zdUIg4totW69ffnD3POUBf+8cLnxppuLj/NioNde6R71G5DPBgwKZqMBMZgvx62zznplqy23qRp6rWIjP0LBoNkpBlN5bsuttg6fUdRJuvnmW4KW66y9XrEpOsEBINIJx59YllziL2X3PfaMjRNpFImTysw10LFs6Uc66DP68R9FCWOjxerL0cjoTSDZT+6j6lsZbHWhFUZAX8DVP0IILQk6NMJk8pLWEyc2phgwH0bBSCwO4ywBEY0iTyZ8AExowVQDDpqIYMUTGWwATs8qU9ncAPkIZPUBgfKd0dLvBJfkeh7NwHIGUNesju/94cdVkw6uyKo364GuaOODxayad9/uEQIfePi0fhtLWtu8oPWP6J0vPTLrCGTzdM4JoEUWXaxsufnW1e1ZobEaG4j4PCaIDDpzjgkHQPltTAvzAAhhdETDEcXOmJw0jCqyZHAMslXIJK8BMvgYnJYgNYWrDSxnzSAyyeT1PGB8UFUps6hnj14VXEOqWegdm3GRV4f5WxjIGVjDOaxmiXpJWFIH8UKKV8B2qSbXL//7f8siiyxWdtppl+KDVJkEI5QhWCCy9lEdBPNHzCYM60W5zl26xv7VNtv3tQVhaszTs5pPaPPeu++XpZb6S6h24VtJ+3beebey4AILF1+a00fmLcDwV0TrhNUxvuU9luwMqMDI5UD6qV+EC98sNTb7HD39H9q20h4TC2UzTdDXQfhYTYEO/Daaq6HRGk40Rv229s+9hrnTkObJ5A5RNxpHXlMVzFGhXhrKMhfL/V0jVC0E5ScLNgGIZ5l/6MMXUq7f+MZ14KKp04dCT/eAJtvguroTVNmuvC4v0HrOJpMPPvBwFXovh4+D12I8P/q4dO7cNXw+6w/5NASvoBchgoZMOxrIRpaeBSI0F0BQF7BJNGv4QH9drrTZboeqeFYtrWgfhw8eAZAPDAOUpRQAZIm4zukwyULi6ozGp4TinDMLmFoGCKKZCzpB6tFGk2rHJcxKWzV22LQ612Z/o+J/iyK7dXsqGPbtN98N7TZw0KDKeF+HjUozBAPVsnUypXXO16TZQmsBBn8D6IWCF1hgwYhgkT4+vajNJBcpQ1IbEKpe/Xa+bEReGk6nNvs9//zzR+TLrpgGWR0YlPlno3cfxqItlCX54tzS1UQTdsZYrlsGsu222xUfxbLjkfxt99w7NBYACaEbdH6fBbaEiTzoasDRS+Qvw/eEBWDwN4GkYd42XlN3TUDHc2n+EhT6YgcioEbTZFDaAgiAA3AIg3xbVQIK73QBguSMofGA5wEwE/oQsAlKeeVTF6Z33f/RlspHmFMZCRR8Jl/SkpCgtYCPEJevGXiSoEu/fv2DJkw2gkQARxQTDSV5x1feQU+/8SKhRtgYe2WiOeuFgFYP/jAdoV0AtPgSS5bW221fVl9tzcbe2CJwXmEQgbOkx/+pgSw117lUxX4jCCmkgyJGQn7x0lqV1unYYgAD+kb3t0r3196M6xhUcMGAs+vF6Pk4TC+MQVvoPKlI+pIa5mNET/gFns+JVtrIQdIy43QaqPyP4eUFZH7On/60QPgzysRcXlfAPACMUP5HbI4iQjnSqTTANvGwhs3G787aSIKZWzHABM5GG20cZh8NGOF2QK7lH3zwoRFQ8G0gJh9hRavTHBibQGBeNbS1zepFfKoPwe+p4NUuTB5AqfQECIf2hZOLRrWvTBW0USZmISAyYokOP5khtR7jw7GO7b7MpVWBg6GZVPlGJ8bUN4ITg0sY2LUEQt4jiPIaxncoTxnWlQEPfgEoM/+AqCxAxUvODvlpK6udTeRrBybHZ8pXTgrtBJtkJbogFH7gHhCwkwWxartocia/cUEPfMYEFqFlCdXhDUGPh9BKGwjPt995NwJNeJMJ3Awg80Dbbtc6ph0iiCCUbf7HhCpAmWG1cQMAWRqu4ZxKnSTRNVxHVOZDUVYJGFAmhMGncYSXmWmYWeUWfGIqZhH0M+2YXK55DgPppDkaYGDfM+OUY+lNnz4fV8ZsLDqlWn10CmNItIDtrORXn33eTOCeeGKHqjX+FHMptYpoN/UtGWB1hA/w9Tf12caWsB9U27ehIRvLQMxXMbFE0FIT+UBWrtL2Zusf/zh/fPyWCYpxmVgGWXr0kcfLKiutVrbcYuuYBF1wwYUCQJmsOjBwtrRFG1qD34gJaNQxlUkNuLr9j0EEIbTdRDAa2HQ+fL/aZqYsQAEmIYW++f4RjR1RqqmNd3n4mqEBqnCyR59rmE7ym7DMgEFu7eQ+gAhNe9Z1PIHZfZtU39yzGSF+wfzyewXBh6t9j9dSGQmgaBOmnLqU7U1U+bxkR/spWzlAx8+iIdDWGbiMY0O4N0BCgKIN3pLkQQtJ34017SyUT9ChfYMH0cNW0pMi0sr6IfwJcAAcNnT4TwBadOHFQzCzRlrROiZTBRCYcUDEB7Jk254INhUBINIpJYdGSYhrCb75GEgNk2HWP2LxGIl97R0XDXdo8MhR3gUyi/0PhxYjcACZgTpgqco7b78XHdOB5597qUqKhsRhRvgkCJOMlOacqwsD0SoG/JNPBoTpdNghR0T52kML+uq18lzTTgSjme67/4Hw25QphEyyK4f6NlcgoNAIQ0+ISTQD6z5hs9Zaa4fd35xS29GeBxxwYET6aMJNN928mgzvBdjMXwlZ85E+/fSz0BBPPvlM/A8UGIKGZGIwkQEb/TBE+pYEinIy6ZPNU9BFqk2MBbbo4hmpARqfgZkY/2NIkl/CkBhb31LzEDzWhvF5vDrNlJcHT5gn1HcfMBa19RoBMMjrvvIkQSiBKtaNQIsy3cdbgCOfcgWv+OW+bwRcxhqQgAjvAaS61aHdDsCigSJ8XQ/CWlBBml3v0+JS0KbyqKR/tC+a2EdQYuYymwGQ1YS22mmMnqrjkgBaeMFFy4bV4lhtlTVKK+t6BA7MAVmBwMSwQpsJ531z71sgpIdNsOmE/4FIJ5gc/IowQ6qKzLA2ZiUpc4VCrgTAnDQME88AeueFhMcoIh+0EylOiwn96hTGIqklUpT5xdxTPnPQ6wgN7dCYCKR61113/fLnP/85PuzLTKCWOedAABRMMUzuc/NeZkNYfcC43Z58qg7YwEY/KhM3wD0kmNhgY2jt8g3Tueeep1xw/kUx2NpJ8pH2NAjVb+V4x7POrsJp0zLfvPPHF+bsZKp+5eorgcHUMHBoQoMQLkwL2sFHpv7h6wjb8j+sNfQNoMa6P+ad3+qncTLyBnBMNc6z/iiTM80P9En9F154qZpVTwTDe6eGH8xst7jSb7t+Ao3ECmG2EaSpYQUP5DENYt7QIkv50DzBI9l1Z9FFFw2eop0wpnysGOso7fFGcFuH6VVuvg4mp51oNPRVJr6j0fCj++oAKuPBL9Q/1hD64aUIalU6uQ8sPXq+H0GDnu/1+tGMnx20EaXlf8aWY3Uc8chLL1ShWS0W2khdeBqALLPabNMtGj4Q0FgHRxP5zQcyF2Sx3O9///v4KC2gIBz7GNp1QFTus89EYt6MUHDDdp8aCAYSdriD+SGyxkanBUhegMKYmEP0jkbQUYzHRIklKbWxOhgRu8oYVjcDjM7yVTBaTrACj7IwYJ+P+kTHMlbf6/3eMYBUPvPw9e5vxFIfDIcpRVgAw0B4n0diBumLAah0i7ZYeIo5SW/JLPUSiy9VCfqL2n6fIRkRH7sSbgdWE7SbbLxZfEHA/MzOO+9aGWjx+KapSU6DTVqOrlKOUIhFtVWDqpOpQdgAOF9Iv4FBm/XRPIZ+AzV665c+DKhaDF1pJvSxpotf6tkvRjZ8ABPMTBMhfWvsrLsTmbQrrR1x+B/2E2CO8Yt9LvIXv/hFMG8mDJuJT4N3vIvDb8FLJlvlb16BQCB7AU5ewRMAQnN+NXfBBjY0lKhey5SAkd9v/hSzjSB3Zg0QOoCi3+nPoB8ao6v5tZg+qTyFX/ArehAE8qIj64QC8LUN7gD+VSf6Ob/Xo2f5n1/+qqyy8mpl6622jUnwABC1KozNfDOZyi/ymq3FpLkSgTNoQSGVq/NUcp+P+8SAYWoMp8EaR+qSlMOr78O3sZylYTZNq1L0m3imwYyWyXwVUt8yfrY/iWywOb1PPunTKpbiDIlFkyb/MIdZ5VjwWRkRMHQwTUIz+SYwF1lk0fgQkzppSPMCJDgwAzJiazNJA5Du2bEUgTGkT8srlwAAjCsr4/N3Lr7o0vg6NH/Gcp3TzzgzviZntTSi+hzjpptsXjbeaNMgsNlqq6itUkB4C0SBb3IVJPxFZqolJWbI9d23bviV2oXRHa++8nqEWA26pUOhrWs/+D0GmY+p/UwSrzgwe604iN/1wDz60ggyTIswPA2d7bzwwotivg8IctdPO9z4zQLxWgveIDxEE1OIsEaYWywWTI2RF1988dijmqBtTkDCunEW3cO4yunQoUPwmw1F8BezDq/RTn5zEwhuWo+2YgU5WBpACkBjxzXe7qV9+DOEj1dYvPrvwJd8mXFjbXjTMGMJRnQiePnM2uujXUAmIIafhLKtkySsgND6zj/MNU9ZbfU1ytZb/ggg4KFxAIc9zx9yLSdSc2tfGkfHganBtBYaNr75SYJKtIsl/g6MbuYfgD4bMLB8UDUBaWjAgQmz/1A7YFMRktSz5kVigkvYW5StaiQbtCtrdGUAybzJu+/0DAaiqSTmHBNo/Ljx5cLzLy6//J9f1YFconTt+mgQj/TAfD7Ie+nFl4cpx+zRF2vPuj3+VNRh3uDX//vbsvRflynrrrN+OeaodvEGIl8qiFYBssfubcvGm2wa2sWXt32nc6+99inbtW5Tdtxx58p0l5bdd9szJmCBpVPHc8tJJ3ao2n3dCHULJjDnrFMT4qcFow9VsFghzF7nzHoFPbRypQMfx4Bn8ox7+i25h6dpKwyEFoQUzYWG+k4AoTNGsUjVHEbrbbcv223bptJhRjXrhgTj0hg0CCEpoZFtpBwJHAkDe8mOn+wlM/zAzKGBmDl4xf+ZAMfaSpou58qAlOnH7PM6hjrds9EITeN5hzYBnPt4r7nc5tSY/7GLk1cZBLoar8TQTjQ305uPS7AKfPHNWVbWC5orwpvyWsFiBYlreNlqfXzOD7ZmcY3V14q5PBPr4QORANS1cCyJIhKXUThRFh1IJ45Tx2nUQZ161Xv7VRJieu++GCTmGkmukaRn7w/7BONLFkMa2EYo1mJGzt/0qnarKq4g0anBgz8Pv6DhC9ifoHb+nR4/apmJUQfp3beqXXa9+pg+HGELM9na5mq8jcrcoJ7Drq1tFZyw3MVbsOzpF55/OYIHJLZ+WuKDOEsssVRMvNI2lt1Y2uPbpOede0HZaONNylJLLl06nHxqWWO1tSKPyNwjjzwWi2gBVZ2AitGuufra2qbFav5T4hkfitIfWprU5B9iDMEQmgKYBQFSm6R/5DcavPtej/Aj2fokLRqadM4JZhLTwd8jrJimvrtK6BiHK6smtboCkJdfYcVgSPWzKoAEyIyt68ww4KGFmk03JhVN4zoBTBNIPre/wAILVBOxdSz70n+pbdu2IaCBxW8bgLBy+DxMRoKav6N+46IubTAmtJD6lJVtSO3jOheDIPa9JVocP/BBU4AQQMacpubTWFj8/AuN18VFa6+95oaqaa8MIQMoVsz4zSxmWpuX0xZWwfLLr1jWXnPdssXmW4WQbbXmGmuX9dbdIG5Y97XUUkuXxRZbIiQtE85CSo3meHJMNerDDzjg08P0efyxblFpvmDGv6EWw3mtWoYEMPikLdNO6FUejrGJznSkmVOYA/AA0Ypja5QwPrMMw7FtqVVRMXF8BPG6tWckDLDeesLx68cXr7WD/wRI8jI1ETRD0pjV6m8vyVkNjkj77LtfufLyq8tZHc8OyWMNFGl05513Rxu9OiAKAzA0z29/+7sIgggxMw35KXwYu6cyCV2PdW9zz1POOvPseJ1h4wrAiy66OBgeXbSFn5U+Hbq+3+OD+HK3GXImBRAwdf02sHxHv/WdEBEJJXDUx7Rly8c7QBVktBLzTQJS5rHFs8xQ+6oBimghs9p9vy0JIugnVeYDIK9NeFUipf/hRxwZz6+w3Erl7I7nhKbCJ8LYfBma6aijjgozTAIWdbVv3z58La6DdZbMRH6XjRAJa2DgJuTZmNCMInTAYoJXgEF9AJUTv0BPwDv8Lw+TT3uBUP4MQihbUrYyBSi8eepZ+T3nN0Crj2lJ+wnVUyqUjgALk7QVG33VVb3KvWzZepttY87CtbZtGz7QE5WB2IXjK6JJS0tcMJ6BkjhWGiABFe2A6TErYAAVc4LzSnsAG0fbIA+sg87h5gdw2iAdc6gP8D6qv9n8X1QAClYIVQrHYlL+E5uf7c+up0Xerj7SLjvvFiaAARJ5US6J1ABQIwxKE2EqoXeCwfIZoU+Sp8NJp8a9TECDqBgSwUlX5iE73PwZ5jKI6MGBld8cA4DTymzzJx5/sqy4wkrxafpPKzOcdurpYQ4uttji1QQ8N/IyLUSCmFvoq08Alu/52FiyAU4M0ZgqkNRr+2E0i9UI9bd1XyQo0AOziWDCz2/Jm6oYfJs63jYHRB/WWfiGFUSEJDOI5D65wyllvnnmL/vtf0DQgenrLOJmHmSJxZYKLYU2rrNOzPnMN9985eCDDw7TThJEwHS0lTWDNI8lQIIG9t9g+tnWilZjznmdWoABb/GvWDy0JDBkUh9QpJYLTdTkewFNasbMy5ditnlGWX6blxLYABif81GPt3u9TCqE7r734vBVzANVC0dbY1ceRGAPW8flvRIL5LwwtNEGm4TNapEd2xAjk060icECJADB8CHJ6/UMKNA84ZNUhgKoCElXs4S2wdCeGfGj1olwa5XC02rnAjiTbbUE9R+GWgYYNrq6/QbIF196Odo0oXaYpBAF5DeYX1h7rXXjXY3NN90iyqPFAEXQQUib6WPJBlMB4zz66OMREdNGbRaBEfZlQvnEiX3irMOT/6ILLw3GwZik42GHHR4aiLZMwcAc86x6qHx1CFnTVksvtUx1RJ8LkBx44EFlsUWXiFcR0GBS9XX4NOH8VuBLTFoHsGB+AKFV5We2YfZhw0eExlY/6YqOr7z8SlngzwvFS3me5QfKbzkVRvrgw97B4AIfooPvV42HtmhAmNFQzBzhfdFMpp6gimdtK6Yu4ei/HXhw1aSXVMb1lboS6+VIb2Ft80OCC0DiORsmCkRgukceeSRAgYbuCZNzHQQg7MUhzJ0aSML4ftMWGB4waARjgtldY+bROnwoPq/7tAeeACrmvTzuK0fAg1ajXQTKhPGBBaDlFcp/7rnngqYsG2CzzS8AEZz6I27QysK45ZZfIZZmA5D3YNZZa70IbVJX4uKY3wCQ4qSz0CBmwfiYk2kFKMwlGsEBUABmUJgkgAUYrn3Y66P4X2QDM/BngPDjapbQXiZBDRIikIKCEfyoAf0+C+CKUt137wOhcSZVTda7mpQYlalHECy77PKxWJO0RngMDBzMP23INzPV5X+Sl9PZ5eFHqolxYnnnrffC4TziiKPKHru1DW1I8lpxwGzhR+jriius/FMYW11AQChgWGX7jfGVf+utt5cVVlwp5lwwjfDwL38MiT7z9DOxgBg4tEeY2jo6pioQcnL1mUnJ/M1vHmkXH4fZZ3wEIiQDvdxyy1fh8FjUT5vQVBGdqgz+yCNCz+vFKyTea7GWb6WVV4n2CGtvsdlWERgQKPnT/AuUyy+7slxX/QTtlrwo6B0mJqkIZds99wmfGQBoaL+FtIWmu3btGmNgQt7UiLWWNExK//RpmHBAZDLfTlCYH0AyCscUpOmcPYP5aSk7BTkTpOkX6SPGBxTX/J+gU14m/fF/btulTcDmTJMaV6ASeaSZaC90YcL99HkTGofJJsq0/voblhVXWjmcpJ122KUi7a/lqiuuicpN/rHTk0GAxIALIBhIDCTRIO4DnXtsdSaKTkhWDXvN2ba3FvoJ0wJPY3B91n5y+BzeDQJKS8u9Mcg5FihwFkrudM651RF8IcqknTCv6NEGG2xUNt9sy2AMUpWqZrJJCMNf0Daa7I0334qv0omIAaYyhIhFaUh3/dM+5onJ0F//+jcxgBLis+nRKLfNak7MS6BsmF3fh5NKs9vnWbr11ttijRwQWk8IlEzIR7o+FuB1Nul6y823RWQSUAgCQCFU+E20rj7qPzMP/WijE088uWzfZoeoRzuZ3oSVJCp69133hb+7zz77hcWx8467hnn5+7n+UE5of1I586yOMZf2yccNcEreXpW8h+UVjYUXWjRoxOdcfvmVqvDdOAIIAGLTQyDYc889KzgPC8Yjzf0PVDnXg6FpGszuc425qJkPZcdRWkr019a+/CCgYkY5ew5fAolDGZKxSu0kuY73/J/3mINAyGRjYirbfdeBCZ8AJM3I3AVCIX6a6Re/+EUAXdDNuZVYtjcyOd5+W2nKH2IKLb7YkrHCGErtNsNvIYkxBjPEgIv+0CIOv5lTtIx8mJQ0dTDbdNQLc9a2Ib77nGP3DKyonFWx/jcJGD5KZXiajykWAYGqSWg+TCM15pmGxm+SgrlhcPlApC6wAB2NgBEfevDhIJZ5AfNDnHT9AU4gbgiEBrN5mY3QpS3nqsz1m9/8NiScNWQnndChMsMfYznH0CFDQ2MyB5Vn6cfDD3UJU8j+B17o04cd2uxUfv2r35auXbpG+e9Wuggj05qHHHx4aOqRP04go4V5sUy5OYYkMkQDAZFyzZUZdPUJCK226hrl/9R2H2BbVFff6PnOe7433RhNtSaxV1Ss2HtBsUVjYldUQIzBigoCogiIGrtSVJot9oo1dkVRsUXRJGok9q7RWPLOt35rWOR+edPOuc6Z65rnvp+5Z/bs2Xv91/qvtdfeM27s+dleLHMGZmYD4YPwrcaPvSADRSwsi6MvsQoRU0rLbloHs2jQufrbBpDzzfft9P3IBQAK744fPy7D2lYQZSkIqsxzKWK0uJA1hQNgJaTOIcDkgjCL2lmN1HUyY1gX57AKFCEwuM7mEzAINxrHyrFobUZI+8IwZbNOaJtr7cA8ZsyYtIJ33HFHpigBKNqo/urqfDl5lAAKSq7QQ5YQhatxU5kTXWhAq4vQJKt1W6NZqesqTfe11slBtq4rrZzWwDgPU81yEHxaVfTq46g4Aef7GNy87NLL8/ycGxS0TMMCg8YX+RJEIKD8IFG4Gh3mMxnYpIWVZ7yI/2SlHILPatG+Ikm0r6xnUx4EMDIPLwQEaAUDjL3ks6y2eiZoAoYy3ZNmd61nIFwV/WIhLGhoA5ibb7L+90MpLLZrrrqu+Ub4OvLvdJTjnG/jOlJD+D2e0bMSWEsDux8F47kACOA59rSWSBWLIOXmmmuva9aOzthwg42Ch98VFtwKSO0yxsogzNpXPZVNUbHolAifKVNU4v4ickLtfBYLjlB2qq+vPL/6oZIAZN0EeWs7bP+TZpNNNguF0gZkaqNgZs3OYEDBDTTa1Et5FNRuu+6RAnxZ+DM1HuV/gqaNaPhevXqlvyDaRrCBidCJeAEfcNicW8DgvIveWeRGxI7A25zL+ouEibIBieuUi26VbwRoAOlcx9opI23wSL+5ns8DJGgggFgBlaVxjbpTkpQAS1nBC9cLahgXZCmNZ2UUThABgLqvuU6abVYIP3YM5bAugAJpNxpWpExSJwujU/lCeDmnXgcTIoJJmxPuTPGP82rkX0fyaQCDxmWB+DdCsISKxjYAyonlR/Fr5GxZIQXo3IeDzlK9E5SLdRGcYKEA79xzx4RjP0+GaS8NkGkQYABwwkhzAxpKpK6skKCCMRx1zPlAoQSkxRjElUQ477zzZdaBsQTCZl02YWn0Bs1jKQGVFidgKK05Ss79y2zH37MBublAXbuulBQNSDy3KeTqbOiAQy8CZ8yGRX942iOZGaHNPD9hVT5log8oJBRUkEK/jRkzNrWythMNpCjefN3ENYOG3jD4UVDUyc035vlmpjq5Rr+oN1/yjt/cmf0lAsgXtM6Etbz16YgRo+YkxArkoESCHhaU/PyLdmFDgk7YgJCGl2TKoojM1YA9obURaEJO6wOK632iS3LnUChg4YsADKH23c66kEuC7xzgnXsv0PgEWHUCNpbO7ywS+sY6VlADPezXr1/Iwlt5H3QUCCkB9WSBKvk6KZwsYfRt3XXXzwZF35Zeatlm8+joBRZYqDns0JbCEWpCSPBpK36F4IH1ojUm6yRUzdLg6Va+0ckAQQAIPvCheEZ6TX56JIBASIRNdSytyefh7POPaFeUjTAAC4FhPVA2Gjgd6hBM1+tg9QFGvoVRYvleRu2BnJ9xxmlnpYCIuul8UxhyKeDQ1FL8J0+6KDu2c9t7n30z7KpzrV5KYLUZf0Gj2zyXeTaoqgFU50gLMZKtjrKrR500unk+zj/77HNyoHaZpZdr5vnGPJl1zCJsvtmWQQvWC+vUJm56LmNTtWEBBF0UjNW2oW5y7b7zne9ltoQ5R/rGM2dwJyxggZE1Q8VefnlW5ulttPEmuXzWetHvhEx7/B5Nfq/1VR0zlaPTMmEmFkoR4HC+DUXWL+33v003ACSUyKCpqJxoV73KkQVyDstPKNEplsfUGUJrsB44KALA4e8QfnWqzf9l6Rz3v62sj2NomWga+XWesoHHK1AAh3+FJkpjQtdYIkEPb33QL+oFPOqgTqinyLQwtoXs0cwuBk5ZG5YngwjLrphaSYoL36j/IYem8Nx4402psTUMv+OZp2cm/7bIIIrBr5HTNeLEUUHhngjAtEmfIkhyv5xL4woy6FwN7zraTUCBgNhfQ8cCgCwY7WwgEFha+tAuccX62AGa1TH6bwxFyJ1FUwdWw8g34UZ7WCFWRhTMRsimTZueDV11YkX+EJq+Nn6NSOQ8X583O0E9ftn/kJzabaFD2lOd0MsxY8alZQN+MyDdC5hpuifD9F93zQ1R1z+lxaREWDRtz+qItMkgB6JxATaCTnAJP4uZa3yH9bM5JkppkBWF3GabbRMQcui0N79SWJ0vhrqROQEefhPl81bQS9PTRVut8yCQoC0oJW3BYrHUlB8LyirbBIZoX9kZSWXDP0RNsYFnnwXOj5upU9t1qQkcX+j6669PoQMYAghg2owMAQhhByJaX/uifyXsQONcIPJ/K3cmULb+FcrHgvjfmJzzgJHFYOG0O7pmDAeo0S/gAQ4J06yb8gWenMOiCXSwaORdPmANyLo/8PtNEEHmjrGrpHDGgGhr4VQ5PpxLIUpJhtB23HHHJ2AuDI1qYT+ansbRoGiVVG+Cb5CTf6Lz+CwPhL8BODQesBBQIXCdSENb3sqKmgQ8AwPBt3F72tLgqqxp9K9Nt786vwupG8mvcQoAIuS0vhQdlg6gJJ9uzWH/agh68HxZEe5vGvPD0x/JuT6Ehk/k/nwpllDEjYBTZn4TgWR9WFEdvU9Yox5bbZOhbPVhVQm7NjErl3V2Hoef4EonKWuBFtHwAEc4gUhOmrQgzjz/JTN8V+rW9O7dN9riubyOIkIVCTXNv/POuyT4rB4k0DPomMFpndFEFhtNK6uRFPITwDHa3s6PcX+KxjJaAggWx2A90VWKBg3XF5UloVzPQVFSqqyg9yABT4bQQwlRZiKANDrhBhQCTcjLpyDsNsJcIAAWwurcisb55HcAonL4KaZMsPaEHMVzvHwhUTljOMpUjs09lV1WSllACkCsimUKXO985QE8i+Q81A3gWS+WDPCdN3z48KyDMLZBYNHCDCIY/5GJwAqtvsaaaYEACs2Q5wQ4KsEXEImrtZ7LhBMejWHj3xiIpJWEQHW6hqcZpe2IigEcekNAfa81AGhOFsxYhwE8vo9AhBmdwrkGVW0al/ARJgOWAhOuB3Ig4Ezb5M/ts/e+6fSxrARD48iePvucczPLVtnGVzQ0mqhewEP4WV/WwZQFDTt2zPgcRJU712q+dnEVI/9FH8zRIbx8P/RNVIsCohQII6vBXyt/kMCyXKiRQVVtLionTCwQMOy4E5re+/cNuvyb5vzxF+SoP4EffOzQnGX7VAiwugIpy/TmGyHoYZ3KP6Kw7Ky5e3pGioSiMQygDSkhQQiUW5+x9K6lSFzDKplyYXvzjbBGcT/9//FH4QfHfWojD9qXVUm6G21DLgg/Le43O22vD2lznwQbTUKfAMLcoKJNrgcoAqzN9YNjRRHdoyJw9nL4/c4C+e6T4AMCAFZZAAacUolYLYByLyCTm+eFXo6jocr2kgVWjAUSgWOB0gfi84jE8XvQON/5QzKL0RcRKfyZ2eZwm2rAWRZQMLWa1WBRdBKB5GhmSkpQIbTOruP4KbQ2apO+VAgPYFVGA8sh4oNqOe6VhzSozvVbWhbObJTDYhFAKSo6nPDccvPtaSGBiWYEpJEjT8ogiMiUbGjHNB4qaoF5jrONwJhv5DlthOZb35o/28BzO1/qC6rEyqq7TnJvQoYqoWDWTKC1PLO1k41fqUurcFp/kN/C3+PUG58REKA0ZHaboCeTWyTU+gl8GgpORgFG4DkEHFg7QGRFCYTUHUm42lUQpZakLcto4FMqVDs+JyWoVXgEkHVyHH1tj1ngPhz0P7UpMZJsRVxZMHXl07G6Nqsq6TNKAx0ikBVNK+3O9xEF0+5y3UyWc55NO4uGudZ3wk6wgcOnMhwjwAUKUTaf7gMgzrMT/gKVT+ehdLIepk6dmvcHZuNSBkUNNptKIRiAzrFqgM8n8t0LjNVN3T3HxIkT03oBkAihjIlM5VlttTVy4NTovV0WsmOc0vb1JmOTmhCi1kewIPxfMiSLPrEinGcNy+LQvACAUwsoGEDknJtqgOqxYCieDb1ThuvMCyq6wqcwtWFW3NfqPMLhRuWBjSDwGdyX0KFyaARL5ne0Ef9XHxbpoF8c3Gy9Tc8USgsYXhE+EHqiw9LXMM4RfN4GsOjLsQOHNHvvtW/zja9/MxdiXGDBhZpe++zfXHvd9VlXIB837vykZZ4xx7kCHJSIcpPaxHMAtiW5WIEKmwt0SKoF3mcDsG+E1rR5fpE5VNRs0dNPOzMHRPfttV9SVhbbfYBTH2R4PvxB1sT9crA6FJuNcKmLDciAhLUm6PLoJJmWnwnY6gUc+jkzTaJsLzX2wmWhb0MK2tSzuSffVQoRvw6tNphL2EqICW9ZC+DopEdAQcil2PjN5ny/sRAVfmbJHGehpN20iuKNBB+Lhi4CggwHlIvVMp4DsDYBA2/yFlHj97Ag7ilYABwCCfycequIurOK/Cf3K+CX5RTSFmAAIGNZc5JJK2zNF8K/RZgsmIDnf+UrX81Jbcy+rGsTitARXJtWpUU1uu8ESUoOR5qQoXE1DVsHpHDFd5E3a73ZrA0gIgcMJtQ9+eRT6UPdFpRFeaJIystpCGFhTI8wTWHAgKPT0t0ZNE9dUKZHH5uR2rP4v+WbbLg567DYj5ZofrjIj3Pgzy7Vhw9ieSlaX+j6l784pNlu+x1ykBD1MlBKIbA8tB5LxfoRAJ/uFTKVm2CHZ0zLGHubOmOQr125RxBAqJ2/BgDAzvEXZJH5gMpRDiyLgIuooHbnvxFQbWhsRkBA2eri3sp/P/yUnEwWlo2Po27qAgiuAyIWlhb3PzoL/Cy/dxdxkq3zbUF872s1yGyO1FVXX5NWxgqekyeGEoxr3ZMfq3y+LfpqolqmDM0GjFeGlO/gd8JdgPC780SxvDqH8JZ/w0qgbqwA557FEGIWDgcsZXkG7c/3ASCDnK5hpUTxjB0pRx1kCxB8A6BHHXVU+j7Ol0ZloqDNs1ewwAaglnSzhDW/B/gERLzQmK8FQKb7AFBSOLlwggc0dLdVV2uWXWb5Zs3Vu4eT1CaT0v463SsGWQvazdQFxwk37eWBCAS/hZOPvqEvnHKgEwLnuCqHdTEHQ9ABcGQHoB46BxglagLH44+HRg+t7XzgcB+hbxsuaqQ/R+MDvLQHKoHmAbzAg2VaWQHlqu/dd96b4JT/xSfKSXKhPITwV1lp1VznS4LnPPPMm2lMkiTRVFxfaBcIWmH9MLUuIWVlze5k+o0fsYyERj1RSZSQtTOqbx6KzG8djTJRPoBG4CkeVLBNJA3fIqwFa5jUMp7xd797IS0joaUs7LIjWAWrFdlq6S8WzCQ/a8ypC3oJMGbzop8WOlE+i0PQKLtSCq++0gaIPKvndM84nNsrQekstOE39Ra51M+AY17TpZddGspnu3yHqSzs/v37584SyB0DIhswyBIxYZMVaa1l+9YP4NA+rgEYFoFvIsQtodO9nYO6sQYARPCBRUYB/4XVsbEiQFjAVS6gytGTSSBCCMjomvKUA6CuO+KII9InY1WV63oWCaAFEdTdqySVk0v7QpRdDpKBrgUXXDAbQcatUXMC65XjBIWw0sYK9KDojMxpgLny8qvTEQcsTjMBAipWi4AY2wAInUqLehuDNdlq/ev0daIzOfi1ILz3BZlvQ2ujhgSTLyVVhX+ik/F9AAdQQmx3PmoDQM5pBazN7sWZ+/bp14w//4KkQGaeWiTCUlm0sPsAIYCgT1NvvCU7etqD05MiAibLNHHS5Oa2236TVk72hecjpKyH++VYTgg9uiarG8WytoJxKBaAdXGesgmwThSxQhkIF+1JE9ppThSERtbpfqMh9QPBoEltNLnQcWtt3kgaQnjK7yA0wr42gsNPsBFOgNO3I0eOzGMEiuDa/C6MTZs7TlhpZHU3jkJu1JnlAUybQVRCCFTGVdTbYiUm0/FL3Is8qZ/ybQZcrQjFwrAmrJRnBBLlu7dzpfxYiMTmedBEYWhZ4ECAigGhc7Wt67SHsjwDf4b/0/m7Z9FeAh3qql09v3JYN3RSVNZ9KQXDJDml2z92b6qz+0E6Ba7ngXSqEdzO2L0G1CnPhDY0rsC3MV5B+7FGvguv0mSZ4h80wiZ0zZ8SWCDcqBoLBHCAd8utYfFC8M2/4fTzWWhajjGQWMca7bNfPKUddJQCRNBFAIGTL1WbfuE0C35oJALNmrFg/ifIQH/j9ajjHc2kiVNSi7NogOJZgIUvSEj5E4TeBiCok+fwnMrjM7hnS3HaDADKg99I+5uJi/LyZ4BUFsHJJ5/SeBs1no5myN/SwQRG5xFybe3+5R/YCiA2nQ8APtWDEAMIQSCg/ASCXuACSLNDpaQAnWsoFpRKxgDnW58DBCGjzQGIcPrfbxSq6w444ICMXLlWGeTD5tXzAE/RskYEl+NOuNXNee7dGeYmqF5lDwzmBgGE+1EWAhC1+f/ggw/OOlAK6gmcfCLla7NqK+UDK3+H3AICBSSaVlbIc/g03iPrACCVwa9ihSyyIpggqqt+rGgbxo4/tAcAWTHF6CoA0R7zzTdfag4FaBwdVJWiEV544Q/RKL/NcQBUjIMpAmcAkRBKqvQ/qoZvswosFothwNEqKDh3gi+sxG1RhmV1UT6RqSdmPJWUcMqUizNQkGMpAQ4JqQRTFExEjIUDHNrffTJQEU4yELIqplhzvpXhngRafdFQ1Mq5ok0ys9tZpF6R8ee0hM7VgSJ+OD+KBSzuR1hlKaNBzkehULkZjz6RTj9LZqKcsLzn8AmU2sD620LHwI/CAYgO1MbalxUipDobA9ChhADVodVpUkAgAOrnd+BjFVANCxN6US+ubuAQdeFAA6XfjWWY5GaODlpFmPUxUJrH4z61ES7aGIAIunoW5XFvUxhEsoACyCtogL3I0CZ4AInhGD8pq1aAd2/PojzAJuSEtwBk44eop/vbBQJYIRsrRkZROtc5jxLCmlgwETc0DJDIr3uWUXBPm7qwPADstfru65nQRxauWIA24PvMGUgVkgMcjQw8frRz8ox7AFCF9KCcw6bCBpp0LHpi7IEDDBgAI7p20UUXN0OHDEvn/IbrbsrfhVQFBNqH+Dytj4cwhQGd4WTj9haH8EDGlYDO7jtNDxS0N2rouxC6td34Tcp+LHwC5zvO8gGBxUL4FObRoJWAwAIKzRIA68pxznOx++D3NvSN/2M8RJ0Axo6CCkoANwppkp5xGeNYfJhbb70jrNRbIewGDNt5QwQE0AUVavskFIC3CfARWQad55ltBMC0Z44rTm8KADrNoVVfqf+SWbEEGpJAsxC4uXkqBFSnE1xWwPyconGEnHZ3LuuGTtGutSnL/dyHcJXA0t4FIFbG7zaf1t9TV9e6BugBG8gr9815KBO5Ijfll5QA+73AxLqwXAUg5VkzgU9U99Vm7llWEMBZOuWqh81x31k+daaY3JMVtblX1cEnGVceq64syoa8a0dWyXPwgayuKr+P29OFuWaOpCfQEGLbpqtykmgiJpfA61xI5tQp1OzDu+66Mxrp4dQ2BvUMtrJCwEHIWZ42yCC7908p1BxajrOAAUtBS/vkkHKOXceXQd8ILkF2Ds0ttCuxNOlPWDeT6lgW9At9s30UvoYQtjpYwghtUobOcX+gbQWitYJoJjCyCkLmAg3mCQl6oGgm2cljUzcNbkxEfQhIUtNwyPUpampEnw8nWujVKZ6fBRRiZ2UoCoDiLwk+eNPDHrvv1ay//gbN4kssnjRHRIgTKxIoqVIn0t40KgHS1nwK2o+F8ZtN59P2BI5A0OgAA2SiUQRP/QmDCJTJbfqUlkWFjNHYCkDKYI0IlE2fF4AIqfLcwycAmf6sbq7xu+vRRZaQRbKdccYZCej6nyLWjspUtwKQ8/hIQs2dA6zKdo7zfVdX57N6dvf0CSCsqf/tzqn7MQI2gGFF/aa+ns9vfC8WUCSQIqME1EU+n/9lsQMQBQczaYE0MOsDSHwi//tOy/Xo0SPRDb00B4uBAuiczz77tLkv/JY//K6lZuiIqdpytQQFzPzk7NPaBRbUBlhEsgCOhjemIHxL6PgEjrE2LAU6N3nylHxozjrBv+22duowi2WW6hNPtOtdA8299z4QnXRwanv3VBagAbYVRKWjEJxzzjovB341sCCDV8rXutm1siUAoY1G9isSZzPVWxa7mZxWARKIkEg7evTJmdFhINq0CtkF3//+AuFHDs3QdC6G8tzzTd8D++WyV08EmFk+1pEVELih+QDId5rXRmCKqtmAhvbFDqyn5jhh1W9Ww0FjnI8GCghgGKwN8BBofQucNlSGNnWdcgpAvtv9bvO9AFTUsY4D0N57751gIyclsOpGc6sHiygoILkU2G3KIbzKJPjAUa5CbX6r3x13js0nq1JUkzwAjmM2dQAS/zMA6uBcbVCg0/euUx8A4WOJ7vFHtZtjLJ0+YbkpJ4uNmnlrcqAAXL4fCJ/TqMytxR10hHkcBlJr5FjjuLFK4qM0Au149ZXXZGqNufRAcONNU5POsBDnj7uwnRrw22fS/+AHGPeQsuN8dI+TTrj4L4ILAgkceJRHCNj/wuf8LGU4nr8HTRRI4McAiDQZTvnTQeuuuuraBBvfqMLJdtbPbtTey5QEK4RkayDR+IZ7onfKuvD8ifn/XXeZANamLm2+2VbNZptvmYuvWHhFdoCdcjnyiKOSSnrFozoWgPllBihlUaiXFWrkswnVi8jx51588YXsXB0LQMYiWByCSsh0IEHidFvgQueib6gYfk578nNkTPTu3Tu1rY4XKCgLBET4vT43qUw/YhWuUydbJ4BsBMzGahSAbEXDnIcGWoBGWeppA2jshmNfQk4AAZjAeg5lYzRl5QCkrJJygaQsms1nlQXYqCp5dL52c61nnLucAopjdpSugAhk2ll9gZxx8J3VI++el1ViqQV5UGnUDUPLIIJZghxK4CkAcTwByPtwDEAxbyqrERXopgA0ffrDgdBJc7KhDZ4Ck5QfYW0Wh8Uw7kPbWl2HQBonmRYWy3WElwBZfYbAE3ROOaCwCKgOgUQB0Stve/PwfKrTTm0dTI2Dton8uU6gASCMVRDimQFojSEgYFCQb2ae/w9/+ONm6OBh6fi306M/SwsiE8Agq0USWVbZ1zqZpZH6JIInFQioBCNMH58ZFox1Mxjs3jUfSH3MI0JZUVfbmWeeFf7MsUkNb7gh6Odt7cxIbUxA+D20OnZAOGluSo42JKDytAok/FO+AoE2VcC1RVsIFzAWgPQbx16foybAIujAvxBx1Y6es1YhJYwE3LXKAyAKlfCjbPLIlElgLQGNrQhkqANhY33cw0b4tS/hrGPuR8iVwRq5h+cry+Q4maNYHHe9evleFsR35ymH9VNmlaUtHfM/uS0L5H9tx9qJTnJHnK9e2piP6RhaS1nxPf0vwABA2pNVTwDpJNZHSA+yUDi+kA4T0qbpmD+OlaiHRrVB66w/tetb07BSWfgYMnfvCQsji0Do1ug5OmWqMktSA6lTp96cAsohByqBCIAipPwPVI/wsjKEVPmsEIp38MG/bHbYYcdoiNYB7cxAmD79kcbi36aje2W8RT8khgo9S3dZa63uGRwZcOTRuVSve2kUllAjExICU7lhvtPqBAtdY9EAUef51PC1WeWGEgBG4Bk06NhUMAcc0CetE6vGD3rkkUdz7QFzgvbdd//Qyns2CyywQCoyPJuQElD5V/53j7oPYSWYFBuh0S9SUqytBkwCBKWxAajWuPYcxpEoSJyeEJWwAp9FPZxHsPhHlKfyRWN79eqV15MH7QOoxkJQP/fSFgTaOYSUJSKYjhFodSdD6sMRJ9Q29y+B1/b1nIDiU3koGJkDEseV6bpqD9f532++q7MynQ8QflM/x323K5P8cke0oyEDykvaD4XCb6SgWEzRZkENsg9E/B9tOMcCCRrQOAIHHFMhbBE5CKOp3ABS3Uzh+LXv6APzapDxtQAErSqZcurNt6SwXXPNtQkQAsVxR5ekrrQLdrwVPP7y4PDj08m2T5owJQXso3jwh8KMyhRmjQiyLHArxFjzzTwcGQRLLbV0liUbe+rUdgwIbbIYiWcxOU96CksIeDQZB5BlMdpus8YAAZBAa/pEJ4BsQtO+F4A2XH/jHI0XfrYOnedyD+NTBOTnP9stU40ATURSupA2ueWW2/N3FkjQQqIm/4ov6C3afDB+DSqFg48ePTo1eAmUjQAQHjt+7lzC4DhBoflxcx1NYAglgSXogEHA9J+InLootyiNMo3M077agONu2jOahNLQ2oDrf4AFOAJKUF3vftqpytKm/A7nVFu6v/O1o++OO0+59Yy+ex67OhJ053pOZft0nTqqh+wGdJB8KkM7qKvr1dX/zlWutqBcXGfTPv5HZykW/qbAgQxs/yvXmJLnoRDQYQrtW9/6VsYGACh9IAACFrvvDqJyhLDC2SrjYWkuSEXpRErcsAS3MgAIu9F6AQKT21gWFkZ0KinYQ4/EQ32WtIQVkV0sC8CSWvwHGhpF2WijjcP3uDsrzykfMuS46IA/pxVjtX62S7uUkk3jGZ8xheEX/Q7OuutUk8jQLAEJAEJTpsf9bRrQRDCNu8WWPfI1ixr7S1/6SvpCaKPoHD/HTFHPbxlcglH5bWa06iwAQEO33/4naTXRUkBBaQG5tvfeD2r3579k2bKtOwd8BQS85AxNMIsSA0CLAAoHFzTgT3hW4xssi2cs4UPNTDV2vbrZCR3KxBrU//h+bZ63fBG/+yS0yiVwxj08n81v9d09nW9znv+1JwEHGtfbnO+735xP0CndAo3ftKuyfXfc9cDjmPoWiPgkrJfzba5X/7qXT/erOron4Xct0BgDQ8XqPu7hODm2uY5hoByA3O+MhwFX1l30EICkt4lO8y0zjA0kKBzzLCznfxQOpQMqvylUhSG2OCRTrfFffvmV9DNyLeIQHBZD+JY1kWbPiUbZrDLDTzFvxwZAVsYcfdIpubZ09+7tQiDXXntdAkiYkAU6/vgTwhldrDnr7LPDmkxNCyNCxgICEDASVuDSmUBI81v1VKOIotkAyJvPLHwilKyOZ511bnaUxNnv/2CBbGyr2nhZrXq5v0z1/v0Py45Fa9AJALLYonQkm7czSIYdPHhIftosxMHioLgsGZopYIHWWupXhM74Ed/uz3/+KEfz7ToROGi6GtTmeGsvWSE2SqzmqehsfcNX4csQOIJF0AggwSNIlJ7Nuc6x1/+UgvOV51qfwGAvga2hDH0ODMoECAKpDcs6OL/qZNOm+sEnLS90rCz3saFzFHSBxb2V414sJmuIbrmHMvzuvn53b+faHXes6kU+gdVzsyqiZ3w0dQEOvwmTG6ZhyfhzLL9dDMA1pbwAT8aG8LYpPiwQwyL5IDMRgIf2A6BK7THoBWHCnaI8OkjnCh7ggrTBn8IHMhbywgt/zMljhFIGgmiZQVNjNJx9wQABBZpXgil/Zueddm6OH3ZCDqCyEEceOSCEZZmwYJMTQKJFhKt/fHKkNZIFN1g4GwAtu+xyOdJP+xsU1UHGVlZZpVveB+UzH8h9CkCZbRwdTOgt9avjBRKshU0x7Lv3fknTvMHaNiPon3UAXGP9gZNGnpydYwMknchq0+xHDTg6J+hZaUe+nqnl7s8HIsiABPB3331P5t95U8Mee+7dbLf99ml1DBcQQDRZ51laySeB0/7uQUgIEwEgLASRwBAKm98pOecQlhI2wukcn+7hWAmrzwqZl/CWYHpWVEjf10boCbzfbe5VIAAwuzJc615+97/7+7/Aqf71P3Com2M29In/oVxAIoPlf2tzddanftMulCewyBzQZkLR2ItjPsk1WmrAWa4dwPAlyRkgocWulSDgGCWlTBE7luroo4+eQ+HEDf6WjR3/oGxABDDAgzMbF2B9UAINAInC2R5C4UwaB5eVMcg4YvioHJkfffIpmYZjByYWCIUzKEqoUBwRKU5apZQ/PuOJZsfwbQ455NBo6I8SQAYVhXl3CQoFQC/84cUEBauAxhkfkkl+wP59cuBV8MBU7l12+VlSOGNSwCIYwSpqbCuLToqGJXQ15qPTTXUwRuO4oAPBkJlcQmRxFRTylbCkMteNRnumgUcfmw1qEptxL2NLCy64ULNpAMM4j1WNLAcmUIHKlQUy5ds6EELq1qDTrq+//jcrUPUi/Nq+tLXfCGXREAIH9ISPENL6fi+A25xb1/skkM7zHQh9dx8g9axA55jrnKtc/N8muOE4QLkm2ynOcYzgo3wFPp/OAbayRjbCqN6eT71d63zCSSnXhj45ZkNdBUjIm/A72kWJ61OKCbiE5G0AheKKoEnjsTlPIABNZlkcp6SAhVUh0wanAVEGBGWF+pJDCzyy7CyVews41VAPypzJpIIGgANAgITfSQnxHY2AYoXYdbJNlEjDGjNB3UwxPu30M+PcWdE472dipiRRgMiJQLGbn299ZxtK0rfPgXH9H1MAF1n4R82ggYObL6JBC0B33CFjdr0E0PXX39Ac/Iv+Oe4zbdpDAej7cykn10b7R0e0NGPkiJPCivTKe4iEiYjpIED+/vcWCMt15ezf2oliOtMYxq233T4bQG0QwdRtdfG9ggg2b/u2BJX1t43/eF8qiiEwwReyyIcpFZTKA/dNyzEvfp2Up08/EW36PKdhUCIfppUwraF1kAkcMBFs2hp4HHdvWt1xdQQkn6XVbYSxAAhUrtVvznMOIXacQDvmfJt2cC6Bcq/2WdrVPFkyW1kFFEgZ7qFdbM4rEDjPp/s5z0bQtbEyncdv5hJ4FmC1KYOfwWrYlCH4IajhO+XNIvHByZznBFzjkPocEPiAthJ+zyN7wwZAmBSLRrm4jkVFJwEG8Fkfx/hKXBWRTQwAkB0jg8LbfCAUTk5fZmPX+I8AAjpX/o+InMxT/JsZ0yiFeJ0pOvPaa+2yScZtTL4yaYywGBCVN/bEk0+lUBEWGhv9YilYlm226ZkLajhmTMYyWgIJZ591TgKoT9++6VvtucdeWXlrKrQJnO3KqOUD2QDFgOSLYaWsIbBJmFedKQjgjXGsnqyFrXv0zEUBzaa1lO0tU28N8HwtZ5faCNWPF1s8O421YClsMiQAQMIp2sbiXXXlNZnyY3BUOo/0HID0WhDBA0t9abNLLrk0reA7b7eT7PhrJgHKQLBb5VQ4nlAQJHsJrE+auhMUzishJpQFPPciHM4vAXY9oQU0WtbuescIr718JCB1rWdXpnPrHOdTeOi775QnDV/ni1iRB+cCIK2N/jgXXdJXAhnqSTAxmPJrXG8QmLVRF8DyHJWVbgNkMue5SpGJlBncpHCAku/CX8KYRDRlRrgPULBgEqMZBeNfygZI16ur8DXQAZExLMEb0UzAEkRACT0fxiSSi7qJwmFvXVgZg6YVjfOjTxzPCcYBILy0EyvEZGrABx64Pzvk6gCPzANZA0LTsrEJGXAYCLXzVVipzLS+cWo4YVvNoXC2a0Nrr7rqaon4sWPH5UAjyzZixMiM1nkHKVomcvV0WJMD9uuTETwWEEBMebBbtBCFI1zC16ZXiAia3UlwjSkJr/NLrDt91tnnprB5vqJEJRS0nO82jr1jfkc1aD5C5jr0QWdICEUh/K+jCK7/KR71Iaiur++sAqEDXMed7//aClA25/pOaJ2jDOcDUoGG8BG0Apbv/CrCqz6Epsqqa9XPcwly8Edt6maw2bOLGjrfclYAYTvl5NPSH+TzotSmdkvZMt7nRWmW57KeoIirRF9g+tVpbVLogw9OC6H+/ew6xh4Mwaf7OwY8PoXxAcJ3oJNpzSLZPT8wy54g6Cya2c38bOOGhN0UFO6F9QqN8aH63jDBPzX71/QXil+9KW1tMe2haY3pDMCo3QARHdRW+nb78FXFCmCFe5NROBSN5WGF0DjfgUequ1dg8HWg3jgBIcF/dQx0egiZz+gKHwENUhHL3Yp2CSwY/2GljAsZQBRBk/Lzs5/9fA6A0DzjJYss/MPm6KOOSQvUu3efEIwPMkwuzL3dtjvkBDiLAXrJleWq+FjAee99D4QQtkJh3Mc6DDYdz8cwkY3m979xF2+HENwQeJAxgDqgCZ6NEOosfFtHoSDA4n+0gKACDhpAIGiu0tYEjjADg/+V59P1FA2gEJDS9v53TQFI/Qgpi0/DArTN+WVl3Ms56lkUy/+oGf+CNne9TX1FkNTRfWv8xnGbsnr16pUUxUCzuU7yAI3dCYCwjKy98q0f5ztLjFGYt+W9rSKW3vYGsF681iqUm3LgWNSV5bcGxGGHhg9x3rgU5pY6W8aqBY8hDorRc2oHG1kjwJSYKJm6o6TAaNMWLBu6pf0AzbCFlCk02fhgZtTHvSX3qo86+67+t91yR7oMEy+cHOVYJfbV5pRTT0mLU76RDA++EyCzUpJ3KWduDwDBTgYRRJEgC6L8yDx5/wm+B+U6y4OJFFXaOvPo+CehoWqVnnFjzs+xGNvt4QPRCG1DfZ75biiZdRLOPW9MUKXFgiZ2DV55dtCDQ3LBcsvGWklnRFiIJZZYMvPoaBDZ16yM8SV5b3eF8DMMwdyiXl+ElgwNFp1tigBAmAZNYFAnYXaam3W0TK3pA4BGM8pxI7S0TWk+nzpEZxFunVpWyG/2Eliaun7TAa4noLh1WRjWh8ASbr8BBTDZlaEN0RDHXeMYIbQBn7oqV1l2xzyP70DovjbsQEe7H8DaUBLRVFEo9wZ49Xec1dGPMrhr8JUF0c/G9ayhYPv003bMZ+KEKX971lfeyKWPtb1XwUvfErIXceTzScw95phBqcz0ufoC5Drhz7JM8iAJt6EHVPndd0X63sg62tQBUOyeV39oL7+rQwHG/55fOwBjrg3xSQA+lIFhFQr8il9flX1vwNu7maSMec2mpdLImoVpUtnffmdm3chCMGFOQIEVpIwoVP1H2QAQxuYTZrpAEQABj6iCZUsN4qFuwKRQmgqXrMgHAdEoTz39VPPBhx9E572coEDbNOqM0M6omkpbJNGnELY0HP6RAVcUDd3q2XPbxuozFjkXsaI5ZHHLnEax5L7RImXp/hxg5fPIc3tlljclfJq+kU4xaCuapuOAzniQsSMNbqF3AsryoJgP3N+u3kJwaPIS7upEz2wn4IS6hEdnuYaGQmcJuI1GdB7glZADn/J0vrLc3/UAorwqkzDQeqx6bY4pm0XReQSfj4A6o4gUmA2QPJ//AYG1sSkbbaM5aXARJIKgHLTN+b5zotET55s3Zer5lVdck2XYhPM97y4//XnzYLSZtkfvfP8i+hqjMIvX8+695z7Zx6aiSMni91Ji7mO7NSzA9OmPRZu0Pp5NOpQoKdBoK8+tnTxTbaU8CjD6S7845nztjeWwnl60bPtttJWXlx144EHNkYcflVkrlLydK3HeOWNTJo3JDYnnsZwA+danfC9tRbGWfDAoQtnwYiBV9g7llAOpUnYckIsFTJULZ20EVkcBtAF+6BOICMvjj89IP0OFRMgsMSVXjC8iOibFxaQ3pl/ai1w0DSt5U8oLSuY4qpbzfh58OLx2q6UAAHA0SURBVEO+taaBvDkDssyuTG7TupVbfpRrHbeCjOgcIJlxek2Un6BDH0IjPf+c4AOr0pp/G6B7mbEGIqA6DU3wv3AtobfpfD4EIeR8ElCdhmezHAAhuqNDbZW9DiQ6GLB0sI0AAJJIESXEIqCC6Jkwqg5CSwh1jT9wruVqGb9wf0mnnGb31Bfuo46ACxju51mUqXyhW78V8Iv66FPCKK+Nj5EA+uiTnJ1rfT3/Szci3K4jiGPHjW+++OyvzYUTJqbgO+ftN99pnni8zW5uLcmb8YyvJSBsJjFqay91tjsexTWfC6J83gZ/gDLvN9sqK0s9S+nUph0pOYrJ7567FIjruQLvBC13P1P/yaXhEzOBzQIAdOtwaDfZLBbuT8sUlNMQiz6mGLWPULdp6vIC0UmWGqVjaAAIRmCmC3Mk7dxIq6iWH4CIo2TUVbzbg+gAYTum36YjUQCCS+iFrk16Awx0yyQyIeqHp01PLuw3YLO8LushsqXiLAUaB1QCESyPBQXN1TGBTnDB6v/WTDAtwqaBdBLQ2WgdmlKETmOijSJoOouGtEyTczjExpCEmZUHYJbKvf/++1LbG2jTiaJ+hAYQ+HuEWUfxg6pDmfiyJDWQ6rtGLSsg5EqjaTPnGoNwD4mbtSIm3xJwUWNgUb4MalkHqBg/AM9ndfBxdBAgKDHnFjCARZi3gG8DcoOCNnVTB88EfOge8BpfYZ38bpjBJERWwvZFYECbmbFbvo+1HgDgL5+0EwkpIf3xXgBFPUQW+aMWTynrAiiA+XFYHuvSARrKJWghKwRNBCJ9QMkoB0iARbvbKCjHOje/OR+wuAkoHMVp+MOqSpkB88abqYi5EF5UDfyUsPxL/++5x97NiSNGNgOPHpQ+DiPBdWFMtCdFZxFFc5tkiqBtItQi1bDSpXLgdLwf5Iv5LvxorglLVACiEWlPHBp43nvv3YzCWI+ZdYB65ltiJoSfc+55geiLE0h333lP0izWhfWQCe01IZAPSMwp4HEoRXemBf34PBqIdWJeAQZfpiV9F0GRsMkxZZYt3ujNC6yQhgFQ1uuZ4Or8Luu8OU8EDojwfJ3LQhmYI0CeiXVhykvgbDSWTgUgWtt3G9AAh1AoTc4P0Z4AVL4NpxR3FnCh4Qg/DUd43ctxUT0gAgpCRMBZGeXxX1gfVhAdoxkBC+1qo2df5G8yh92P5UHPlKMOKB96RbGUALqveng+x1kjm6CBwAorQsm1wm3syLyfdjjP5Emg0n4ZAIi+EUFzrqgpReZcQJJT+Lf/Rdks0+WNcpawMhNU+S1VU1/Wx160TN08H6WgLQCqnkNf+QQgikR0b9SI0c1pp5+RETbjgccEKAymi9Zae5yvZjkzvjnZExkUtTM1xZQXbc6Ka0f0V6aCYxSRfoQFwELdGJwMIoi6GUh10HfpLpBlMFUUjlVSWZ1E0HS2h6NBL7vs0hRceWMiX+iZ1TuPHTwks55RObloLAVQ8JVoBZaoFhkhDHwbvsmsEFRhUFYJyK6/9sbMaPAyLW884CMJRdIe1qpmpUSBNIj10TSmcnUUYNA6NlZEhrToks5zvo6zHBfh2msvi6a39EIOnqxm2c7+13nARCiBB3UAIMdELTUoAdSGGlrUEhgILgEm5BxOQHCMIKBMlJB2ZFlEAVkE4ytGvKudtTuFRVAAAwBZQ8IGAJ7Lb5Sb77WlNYmy1V1dtQu64zthI4S+K6eUAUVP6Glxx/Sb1COWhBVngZyaTn9YKTl+vrM2AEcZiXi6FvUT2FEPn8bJ3nvng7RwjllHjlXib30adRFA8Hzqpc21G7AAkr36QR8BvWfzTOrvNxHL/fc/IN+maPxNsOmiyZcEvb8hlb4MGcMr2kpUmJ+NOclsoeAp/0dDJocdPyzHjygpVBxlM3hqUNdx1kdfYmUGUhmcLlDki4ABwUHTROGYLQEF9I4GRBEEFOQM6UQPS/iEpAkt4USJgOPtt95Oq8I6aUxWg+NuYZBov3CYb48yH4kGfz8a66347i0Lvw0BuzfD2bQJuibZUqKndRBYFQECeWqWluXwihShFwAjmEDj2YDjpZdeTv/LlAUgFbJE3Zh0fF5HXBvlESzmGCWVE0WTc8bRMp1n86wG01zjmXUkzch3ZJWU73wAMqKuvVA1VJA1orkAiFZjzSgf/yuf4KgDYQBEFI0GJDDuWwKTghf/u6YErX4nTJ3H1a1+r09lVFl2oAPQElbmhT/CugDORx+YQh3AC8rNanz+qez2z9N36dw+DyBUtgcLZpkvoEKhRUYd0+fCy0X7bO/mophx7/gkA62/0yaxao9qE3X3PHbP6HfffRadpkzIDoUsHG4VXQpbArPgAmYjuCHyipUIKFiHXJBB8rFB9T59+obCvy4VGCwYymHxZTCgzpSiYRepW/odO+P+dJHXwzGCKJ8OinHLNmWJhLE1tEY2QovT4/Y0qQgcoX32mefTYhAkoUkNo5I3hx8EJBZHFI3zUMxrTnmw/NOMJ3K8Z+jQ43LQ7ZcHH5KAYWql6+Tg1+hTkte2FOH11CB/iU6S9YCSMdGyAFgbYDbeBMQ77rBT/u98oVQvodp2u+1zioUwprXZcGGA6NWrtTbCljZChcLqPIJGOFgkwu+7TXRs0UUXTWXiGNpFE7Ie2oblQQdQNI68KKZ2dD/RHWW5p53WtgMCcAIPYal7tcL5t+kCyiirol/UV9mu85s6A6bjvhM05/pNuVWm8gipsgpArITddxaJAgKC2tJKhVJkhdpB1jgY1wIRpWZIg8Js07ZC6AN0qB5rhY6jbjYKzz08Yt4vjqujOtnUU30L/JQL+dJOnolvwoqjsvaRI0c1Y2bPLxPhzSBWgIblGTbshATMrrvunuOJLE6fvgc2++zVK6NxFGvPntunYkPVgIiC45/qO8qTARFQM6FOcI0VykVF/EE/gIYvJJTNTLFCrA8nlOkz0MicMYk6n7amZaHaYCaLU9+lyvgUHBCKlhNnQFTEA4heDJ/IWxqsbc08Mr/o3ahRJ+UbESxUMm78+OCZm6QvRTuheEcffUxGRsxmXWft9XIta5P05MTJvdP4M597PgHInNNUAK3sffbZL6zBA3FMJOrd7BxLUll+SvqHDuPH0P5CyhqL0Np0oFX9CWhtNBJrTFBL0NGtzuiQT9SKAOt8/xPW0qru6dPuXiUsBRLP4zfH3NteZSjT7juBct+5z3e8jimvyrSps/u15VhvwXX+b1/RkpYjcOPR7H63AZB3A2UKU1ia2nLANX774q8BzFBwMgzcQxlev48loIGZdRBWK63ZbJCyQmjVy7NenmOJtZv61UYZkEOCjGKJWFp4hXzqv9PD9zFW5Q3uhi+4FSwR1gJMo0edkuM9OYTxwLSQ3wmprFgk2fHa5sEHLXY5NSNugit8V8Ed07qtUWEGLvAwNFgFCt8FcPg+diFtdI4/xCJZMA+QcH+gQW9QEo2Os7epPB+mVr/8siszimaqAp+GxTFWwOLke1Fj53uwFmZiCln/Idd0OzvM4bZhka6Jip4Sld4/7nNm0iwCLrhgnEhKzrDjTsild4UV1UsYW7DA6jg62fiCULlABCFC43Qasy7p86KLL2nu+s09ycfV20IkcvfuvfeeFDI0zjwbnwSeVicEvgssEHjtADQ0IaH3e9EgZdi0j+81XmbzO2En6OVv+V+ZPgmOOhNw3wm/T7/XMec5x7XKL8vlWFkavzmmXs6p6wHKfZ0HhHbHElDRdl5f6Z2qZYHQMCDySdg/+rAFni3D22FpEiBxrfb+KNrZ/zaROtSvVnD1P+Bo83ZKx+dpvbwZA9is4CoJWX08A1+vxmC0m2dXT3IoUknAWXoZK/xGcmiFKP1sJVuD7ULWljvj4/z68itySEWAgUzJvUTdjAFZVZfbYJbzwIHHpA/L3zGYSt4xCZZJZLRmKPB7pcClBQIanE8qT0XiIMt3E8hqPorKizpBKI5PuByzHprF24WqCbAxGMEEYwkce1EO4zb4qTGbxx6bEQCbmRQvLVRoB68q3Hbb7XMad662EyZ1QgAHh6YxANSSuNZZQMkAaLPNN09H15JWGkUHqYvghVFwZlmETwhTDh1zzleTBGrxEZQCoHXSK69aRL0dcaf9ShBw67IShNRxz0wICTMgARRNCSzO0VY63DWste9AVNalKFcKbmwEvgBh9915fndv9atjdZ5j9jqf0KmLe/v0f5VNa3sOx+1FEX3a52h5IAp5Bxp7FJ+772k1wlLURikBnA2wpj00PQcxUTc762Tg2ncA9CkQgTaL7nl7OmtX4WvNra6eSVupl2f3HJ7bxn/EgkQwyaANdZM5cHw4/+PHnx8UfYfZ87+G5yTNHX+yU7PiCivlu5X22H2vZvdd92x23mmXBI+gkkRiSwWgeGRm2LDjQh7Pzf41dFBTGMi74QQgMi4EH+IDLFEXDnRZICCCKj84yULatYo9YUDbaFBAEkm67/778iGnhOBz9PlBfBkDn15BwjyidX4TGcFD0TvvyEHt0DPRGyk7Ftg46aTR+epHk+uYZ+/OARqLjShT6sUZZ5zZyKljkSQFyraWh0cL4rZTJl2cK+FI4xAhdIxFFJTQSbLDdbbgw8uz2oHV/wqeQSPrPACyAQhBL9AQVucQOMcAp8LO2scxvwNIgc6nMn3adUyBx7k+XVtCTIB8d1y7+vS/e2j30sSOeZYSOp9+K3B0luc+gOXTM9U1ylGfVAbhvHubuNc8AguhT/8nAOQT1fr4EwCOz4+sfsNHm+3LhLUSLOILsy6sCv/IXjROOSge8Cjnr3EMrTNeB4wsknZSJ3WzAT1K7HmAh7URsLELLRNwMwXILMEeMmRo022V1XOmr9df7r7bnrmozIknjEwZsbzz2PPGNSssv0Iz4QKT9SbkWNFxw45Pf1x0WBBIGxqfw0T4r6wPWRcksgAlZibwVkanizke/oEoICp/SADBMZaIsOhoiYkKNYbB2ZJ6YpSXhfEpxGwKgSDBxVMubW664eZ26doLJ2U42uKGcqVMfLPegeiIUKZsaW/WPmH48BDwPzUH9ftFTqQTamReZf6a6bl/r96ZRe1tDpbxnXrTzSEcr2c5OsLAXYavg7qZwKbzSpsaQfd/CkhQkviaAiMEy/wTbLRBh1UHEnqd6jiBLiAoB1AIo62sD8H1m835fnd9gc89WARlFIBqd26nRQEIu+86lcWvazoB1Aro3+hkbXVMmb7b1bHq7/+qEx9T+6FaqJl2mdNu/JrwWYp++bQDWW3AAViCBq4RePA7K9NamrZuH8c9UDaABB5KjzLTb6i0ugESeRPap/0xINnR6BPqhF7ZTa8wPcE0Bb7rxcFKLDiz7jrrJyNB3aR0GUKhrPnElPp2YaVkrgAP+k+2rF84fvwFSduURe6BRSBNUrWAglkCcCF3lNEBpPSBAEVYDsKcUH6QMJ5QnVFzjrXIkk/AobXaTvgiw4ccQImZNJ2NL2RJXLlxRp+lVwgpy1iw9JVBOBE0D2hQUyDAiLDggPJQOefzk4THjRPIcxP6lHHLanF8hVdtQPNmaECcG7fG5QkIjZevoAxujEIAi+M6rMYuhGs9S1kKQuec2gDF74TZJ6EjiKySc0vjO05YaXmfrgNCx5VX57qH3TllUeq+tblPgcT3ApbvNuWVsNmVC2QFFsc44XbfXafOBRbnK6/qDdQEnnIh8J10zaY50ioFbfNdNTLTI9q7jgFgtn2Axf/K0uayF2R96AuAQeMAMMeTjCPF+eijTZ1YG9YFcEQ2Tazk92grQmyYgFPPQrAOlkAGJgPr++23fwBovcyGkbojgVVkV8KocUOJrBttuEkYhe6Nl8rxtzdYf6NkOKzQqFEjE7SMCj/YQKqcOOk9QGRVVTgBHLjxPQdSy+IYA2KNDBhJnkPnvM1Lw/M7cGjzMTh5Zf459WdHZaXqcC5lIrBI/BsLLAom8FvQOYg3H4f5NDAKaHLnKvnzb9rt8+aPIXzPPf98dGZozk9DmOJTrpM3RHvhsIbHtduldz9LwRBGZuJ9Msc6Q7SMsJWglqXQWYS9AgW1EcKyNs5znc11hBQwCKBzXK9jfRJEu/PtBNf/flemY3Wd/5Xvu3rYHHONe7jOvYHBOSXkduc7pk8KkDle877oHj8uBDE0PEvCorSAYAHb9xSxFhSH/7W1a72RgoBra4ulKAMAaquxntr8LiXHFkVnOaixUDSwyIbPsoKqG7PLtoz+AhjZCkLYNmASJWWZKEN1QuelcvGZD+l/WDPP1+dNa+E8ADKPzNwfmwhZAQij2WhDL/5dPpnQZb++PK0OX0dKGN/YbGKBg+OGHJ/Z2Pxvv58b7MZwyM03t+8sAk7ybkaqNjeEwZUxHoS+maHskxXqImwNQMySg777QShbEEHlFCITQQGVJkJIjznm6GbAEUclheKPGKwUngYIVsV31I4lcYzPw6lH58TrRezqpb2OCwJIvTE+BIgiJ8Lejz76WL4/1Bu/gZOFAkSZDsaDgACAUCkgBwiCxm+wE14AIHgayPfaSmM7vzQyIXbM/8oiqJ7Zb8CivBJs5SuvdsKqrDqnyvDpWufUd2XWue5Xx+yEzm/Or/vY1cXumHK++IIi8FzA2AIolU4IvJ3wz72xMCwFOgVQziO8rss3ccdWPk7npmwg8DxFx/Rfex9gV1ft9kWeJ8AgSAAc6vrq7PfD6meWCZCuuurqDCiJnLECj06fkYqV9RCSBgLRVyu+ApA3J4rMiu7uuutuzde+9vXGApY33nhTWIZujSUAJDUDoKEUVkeCMcpv9Vy+MxkCJi9w5hLIxuabn376aTk0Y7yTuwIDonLWwRbSFspmVLA0BkYkLseBAEZc2+BQTabz3aCRSITQtU5lVgloaUuN8uAD0/LmmVAajSargPP+QtAmYeaM1P3hpQxfo2MiYRxPvPr+ex9s/aMbp2bm7PATRmRAAFcFPtxVNC9D4dEgnRsn1JwPW4EAhST8dUydWQyC51Pdyw8htOrvk0D6bisAuN53v9sdK0tVAPW78wi5cwi9Y8pSH7vz/E/g3besGNCrbzrxs4FV9yzw1LUF2rp33dd5dZ9y4As4LIgdUAh00qvw/XxP8ITwAoDvaBgAskKtH8lHa8PvImh8GrSYj8OydW7OVaeoTloi9ZL/1mZea4svMkMFJcc6KFJjM2QB7ULdDWxvsMFGOdC59VY9s/+t00fYBSgA4ZZbbs1hDoASILKikrGfb3xjnlTy7nXG6WfmeB0fe/ToU9KSibQarhCFPSxkuUuXLs0PfrBAvhfXnDNLppFB9Ro71uDr+RmkMBOV1dHGlY0PK+gb1uY71tYFbRM44PfUd+BhiSwuz4zJ4RJxEjY0J4UgsECPPvpIpuC88dpbmQmgA9A202ZfCeBIyWF+BQIEE1gd4KJdpE8woV7faNIc086RRN84mFatydBqaMXkz7Osv2Buv0Uk7kiLlVkQz85M6yMFRoBDYANQCB1gEC7CqSF8dgorAS3hJJQEwXkFBucBYZVj972sgf9L4J1L2EuwXVe/O+Y39ysAuK9z6hrH7c6p+tr9rs1Z/vq/AO08O+ExIAwQOY5TIAqQ5P8ftworbpNtaveGiahG+7+PuDcQAZRP19vQPtfVqyn5MbKofbZt2O5xeZQX1iaAgzVQpHfPntel31El76dFoYzzGezGSAYNGpxK0utBTT0gK46xRqKkglIWocRCWKCjjjo6l02jXHtus12+CJslImff/e73wslfJpc2s8bG4ost0Wyy8abJZrCkDDKsu34O+surZJ28cJr1IjN8LvQN0xL1k4VAyZnODxtC2EDDzfG/xIMEEGcIlTPPwf9ME6TherKLRUUMKE2aNCk/dRprJNluQpheDyl9QuydmTQKbK65iBu/RwMwoaic9BqBA1YFENA1YWaRM7NHmX7Z2+a0s2x8IyaX9pLNwJIx/zpJIEJum+CGMDuQq2uBgbAROpv/1bvA4Le5hZFlECzh/FMSBa6yEr530inHSvjds+7rE31TZitk/z0wYfNbgczvdt/VgZVSdtFEyoEv5xrHXOce9XyEl5XIzAF7fHc7oGE1KnmzImosEWDkK+3lvIV/kdMJ4n8gpKgqkGBKA/8zfs7f7ayT8wFNoEBgyAuUZZyQBWAwBsfvBRZv67gyqJqgkjQrcoGeGyMUUPKqmzejH6VhHX74kTnoLY1L+NmAembth6LdL5z+tbuv03Rfq12E0yI0//mfXwp6tV9z8uhTc1aziX8yDVigpZdattlt1z1SAYvKfelLX24se0ZRYz2AunEATNTuiiuubvbZd59MJibzqJuEagxMtgwsyA8Vui7GJiLXpcLWAIPb8YPwO+FrmQhy4wgV/6LmtuhIG2p34okjclUbGsOcc+kS8o8ItNg6Uy1r2tsLbF7PyM+xmWILBEx5TUMAFOseWB+hUs+FtoEPWCppNDl7dCLtZyvBJVQ2n8BCEEugCT1woJUEszR6+TzOJZw+CbTf/Q84yu/clGmvrcDoGrv72R3XXo4p0zX+B0o0LnMKZ9dFPRzrpJh+U7fanFfPZLeqaf4/28KoJuFnMVgR1ItVoZgSMLODC/LSCJaMAUMJAOU84AEMzytzvb1nG1lDxaXrvP6G193/V/TjzPBnXkpaLjB0/AnDMwPAlBX+qdQtvioqT+k5T2BBZFSkjBWy82n5RdK0vvWt+TKFi2WwzLI3aKD1svwt6vHNb84bMrlk0rfOKJwsfhZls802T2t1ZZT7ve/+IP0X88muuvLqkKlFcuKniYF89C5d/lez4AILNccNPT6HXk48cXhQxMPSDzLGJHxuMqP/RQKFteGCFTKdYY4FAiL/CGf7FIUDKq/14FABg4gWioQP0vg6UsTrjy+17yjlA9EwqFauRhqNpjOECKVSTJzU5sgBF+p2yqm/ykgdrWWRQ5bLJDzayiCciVrPhHbSscrhKOPVKImIz9O/fSZT6nXIBx+0KSklgPwcppc2J7Q2HU5wCSSBK0D4dF4phbk35wOi8gms8pyrDIJtZ138DhTOBRy/A5//qw61uSdwOK+sTQGjAON35fpUTlkm392nLKSytY2pBACDZll/DghYFu2Vxyr3jFUKv0Rk02+sEyWUvk7czysu2yRR84wezroaS0HZ0GYBAb4Jn+GMM89K5YdF6FuZ8jMefyLpm5QaWl+/mvvFzxh4jOWiTkylSevX8AVfRSbLTjvtHK7EShmJE1QwRtM1ZFNCMYt3zDEDmxVW7BqAuzijep1ROLJoDXPZ0q67LZT5aquukUrYdIa1wmope++99s0o3aGHHt7s8rOfN9MeeDgs0ZAMJNx2263BjG5OpiXyJgNBOwulU3Q9e/ZM8FQCNkvVhe/jIKeoxoMMWMk1Y5EMLrkYjSAMuCJNLq3CnJUbbrgxnX8axag/XwfCL7n4snTeTGriBAoT1utLREmYcEv/Gs+RsU1D6khCQEt6qa+lqOwogk5M8ATNk6ZjYJXmMi2CIOl8u+9VT0JHEPxP6MsCOI9gEHrn2RwnvP4vC+A81znX7yXkhJiQ+81xv/uNYCvD8QKZ/91XWc4BmrrOcfdRVqe1cp3jdse1Nz/PfW1+Z0nR1fYcYWCJo23KDYAABOVT/snnn4W1/rSdbsDyvP7qm9Gvs9KCcPK9YNn9CT/LwnmXQWJBSv6GSNb0Rx6N5/iv5qc/3SWpGSBRlKf/6swc9ZdnKIHz2IFDkrajaJSpkX+TLDn/yrFOAivFQh0bwkuJop4H9u3X7LvPfhlxe3nWrLwPqiacLcGYD7TMMsumL0Wuttpq62beeecLq3F4APiStEyLLPLDtFhyK60oa/11bgOXQKKyvEl+2LiQUYwGUAGYb87SGPeZf/75o4x2MXo4gAG/VdobIyNCxxplGFtUAXVz0CisEwxYSdcXUNB58o9kwhqcg0ydOXmyfLazstEJM6QzybSLUKTG48B5AFkFOgONML3A2BDHDjUToeEY4sayEoBN4ieLZBYrP0qKEOdV6Nt1ggn4NyrSKeAloITT7jtBkxYCUM4lsITdbpoBYXSc9fJstXlux4HKp/IKIO5n891vyiqL5zf1INzqBDx1rKydT+WWpQSKiso57t71PHZb5/MpuwW4lxmbkPZ2WA9Z2UFvwzKLUMpytgvQsOJAwffkn6BUXj1pSSoMQM6hPuDw8z30mVDvsKEnJFNAxawbLp1KFI2fYUUes4Al+/JRlM1nzffWho/hHL8DzushrIJFc2QifFkWTcRNhIwwSyzeaeef5uzRe+6+J33s5ZdfIXyfA3IlJgBaYYUV07LJv+x34C8yn40FmnrT1Mxrk9FyXdA9C5iwONttu120x4cBqKBwiyyawQwpZZS+8LgXqvUN4HoFze677xbP2r7AWSqZQVVyY+BWdrakAqCpOEFaIOaI1YEufpApDJwjwLEmgmiEiUSWTpUjJBOWPwRMOt3bqlkQizWwDkDCMcwlfWPToBeHNeL00zp8HRmwNA++fNWV16TfI1pjtFjOG65Mi9J2NlrU/zY+UIVYRehkIRAiQkW4gKM0ul0d/UYgCX8BqASf8NoIp+M2x1kt/7ve/zbgqHIJcAHU744pCwBcy4r57hyC7tP/VU/aXvnKcX0pgPq026ouylZOHXOtY++883ZGR1l/6UtWMRpy7HHpzHOkK1eQUpMPJgyMGXjBGN8VFdtn315N7wP6Zt6il4QddfQxSb2Mw9DOAMcaGfT+a1BAmwABKq1OuSpP9LfzWUtWSYQN6FgzM4uPHHBUho433WTzPI+/RAbWWH2tHD/kO/OjDj3k8HzPkvO22HKrDDUPO+74tKYAZNzH3B9t0EnhJC5b32K1Vb3h4/ocX7L08hprrBm+zci0ZN7QIE8OuNE4L2FThzcDvCNGnNT02LpHBmsMwmtzIW0KFtsSXIATgTZMjbHJZFLWB5pYHYiCMEDiB5nejfehbyaHsTp2XFwwQeehalddeW1qJRqFM8ZEe+P12PPG59x0DZP07oab0pIACtNJC+l02oeWbIESgvY+KvV2Bgs+Diry4Qcf5pK5tKZOFL2j3QC2tDCBI5Q+W1rTamo7oSRsAFS/d24lkLayBLWhr4RC4EH5Np8a2D2UXf6IMtzD744DjbILPAUK39VB3arMApm2VbbjymJd7OqhDzi1/FGdW4qNsBgQPPLIozISSmhQFhnGolgotIFu0cwjDh+QFJgGRqcotquvadfb+yzu/+RTTzcPBy2Wt0iZ6S+KDEuwBsVjIaisG+ZgkFwEjYXiz4h4oeiAQ0nutec+OXWAhUL5DJgCFlnxXeBJ2BrdqzUW9LHEY6+xcQ2LMeCoozPCOnDgoBDcdZLpCDihbl/+8ldy/s999z/Q7L7HnqH8l24sokhRLL74Einbypfak9n6gwZnkIqC4b/pA0ofgxK2xrSk7BgLFYHjEzEysrFZJeUJrAEPzHSBKtbGJwAJ3clKgDCThyAPBbIrjDARMKuXmHgmCU8cn6aiiVSeVUEB+DnWLJDmYyoDwafxdJopBvLapOOI9xs/4iMZQQZEgQkBBZ2uMWgoc9it5yZzwQZsnGXCVwCyE04CXQLr9xLwApf/KQPCDxw2wk6be1a/A53xLmDwv9+VRcDrfo6hgMpSrns43+YaYHGeWbyAgBJoP2BBGSkiYw+CM7LcUQ2gkIdFw5qbb+4LCuGNFpIdUQr0RsJj+1qOu3PpZIPP2vrAvgflOAeL75hPbc/nsVvOCY0WUia4FNuV4fSrO6G1aqeolzINch5+xJFJzQm7VV2l/yvT0EWmZYUMCF1Ll7lg/IQE1rVXX591ASZ+sQjePXfdl+UKMJAPfpc+RQtNcxE5u/yKK9MSshAWAzHNxVQEAO/Tu2+z1prd839BALuInZw2KWXy3LynljIhj56VcgAgAQx16R1leIP6WWefk9aIxdVenhtARN+svmNVJH4QPx8+RJxhQXANxWNkksJBE1QVlTOZTqwbwrxLVKG0nanLohMKJISm044efVJYmvuyITQQJPNXmEgAefzxJ/INBTrKw6BfGo4GQgF0AJ7KAbWeMhOv8UXzcPeicHNvqJuBQ6Pvbfi1zW4mrITbJ+EnwHNbAhrH+YDDPHseoOgEg821ZcVsFEeB03k239HZAqprgMS57s9f9B0QLItkhJszalxBaojOEjY1eg4IOLdzAUb0Ex9ndVBnAJMVDmSy4Q0Y6xP0glWioADJ9uorr6aGZs20M+v/u+d/l8oNEM47b2wzZOhxSduAgS+E5lm5yEpK1h33LATM9bR3Dk8Ec3g36LrcMnmPrBzrYwyPb0uBkgNjQvxXEdInH3+6efmlPzW/uf2uvJcAAJbCRz7qqGNy0JP1Igtbbtkj64i1sJp8XZbB+2QNhQCFuqPtKKW3B/rfq2RQPvTP+KPVedA52S0s3korrZJA6xdA+d//9/9uttpi67Sgh/Y/PP0vdPWKKL9v3z4ZRDBcY8o+C0S5+W4ekvgAnAi4CS4AU77ehLXhAzFJgCOggMqZD8ScEQrZqLQowTBnhtaeOvWmdimpMPcsCX8HPdCQQDPm3HFJ8QQEWKOZzzyfmbEaCwUDOOcD2vNhTg2oAo2wrCiRkHhlJ0g8fPFFSzFxytsBwpqiQMgBgvMNQMBEeGhUQu+zANRplZzvOfzGGtiAwm8E33Gfwvae2X18ohOEuFbT0eAWPST8NJdpxkavjWibGo4aAAcF5DvrLbtDp0gZARCWiVJCFYAGlXCOYxbzF9xQD/87n2X0qV8kPuL9HHJtCxBWD/WJPhnnYB0GHTs4lRvfxztpOeKARphzIY5w3FEm1unTUHYinZSdAITgxN13tsnBWAVfVphbyJjPA2DmYolwWUeb8HL+ha9lCQhfu5aCpUSBCGD5QwbZ9bUyjR9hKfw0lhDNBzz7DTfelOWiYPLetu6xTYIKbUUff/yjxeP7CXGf20OGV2169Ng6Q+1rr71u0kWpOV/+0pebnXf6aciIBePvzbawJDVLOHnK5EwQ0H+SpmUmWFjEoCmMWK1XxJr1MQ6U84EApqaoQlRFGExlEFN3rKJYNCABJHS1is2E0BQom07QIMwl2iASI6LDfOPSXg0vR8nMQeNAGoyAWjWF1jIvRLKoaJ21jHWOYIL8p51CE84KbmwDrldmiVZ90Fhatg3dtqFqlqesjXoSeL8VrQKYuefaO5e2dQ7glOAScgrD9A1JhKwFy4FG1TpwIpWEWFuwLBYlASazGu2WrPIbC8FysCL+51NqU9bP2BowyLVyb+VZWhaVRBuAA5UwMu6+6IVXcACiAI8MYnUloLStMTdrjbMOtLjwLCExq5f/iPujxyKnvnuzAn+TP6ANZQIQcsps0uQpSc+BD/Xhe/jdDGIanT81ctRJSRctzUzwb7iuXeVTP50V1okPRT5Qsud/9/u0TMBe79YVkfM7QBkKYYG8uJplMHajXFP+gVJ0zksFvNkPYHb6yU9zwP2QQw9Ln87CMep555135TkWlqE8RNrOC5kDoPnn/3ZQsb2TJmI+rLB7s7IbbbRhGhKyTxHqG4CyGpU+MjMBaFgiQJI3muNArI2ggYM1ic5qPABk0pIOAh6ChesTNlRHB3JUAYL1MQA2ecpFqcFwZOYfEDSorGmbPDchaA3Ml0ELJBFOjs66IxoVV7WcFQcXNQCi9lWM7YxGVqelXCzQF81fZgOI1bHXBhgABCxF0SgBgiqCWNbKeQU8z8gxd55RaIBgcUUeTR3WqPWmND4KS01bsRDoFqBoH7lrIjkif8pUHsuFclkQA/1CvYDDu2vMeOTraF/XOk4DohOUFLD4BD7+EavneoCzixxpXzN13e/aa6/L59XWwCESxuIb8DTgbZXQe++7P6NygMZJX2G5rpnPCAToHWtjDQEgs2gLpx9ILc7Bl2Bt/E/5iPyh53whQQA+LPAmTQ5gCihlZn5YM+cAtKn7p5xyavor/BygN8gu05p/woICw2qrrREaf9UEMcrGf2GFhLKND/1f/+s/clEaUUYvJ+DPYESA2H2t7jlWJV1His9WYZG8poW/pHzKgNUGJiFtYWp9o61ZHv3n+WwYDRfHsI9ItWwduXH5dgYWiKXB7QQR7IDFWaq3MwgYWFgDdfE/OkEwOP1mI9JunEYWhGmk4ZjszF+b8VSOUgMbLWO8wHgAjanyeK4p10BllVPjFcCTI+aSIWPn61SypHEOb1oQzpZCbxAWJ5eMaKScb2Q0HVDTGn3Spu4DiZf/usZ5BhBFp4xJGRsgGLSTsKeBW3XXUepoJN498v+godMeerh59rfPpTYnpKgES0vgCKZBQmX3PbBfcnJKBqVSJuVC4+lcoWaa3cKU2iYXigx+TpCTVgW1oLWVS0kRQm33cviUXu+CQrPYxlooLPcdHVabc2+w8aB+B6fAHnxw/6Q6BNvzaHv3y2x4i28EILAHA42iqHwLixQaH8IM+Ka5eH98vvb6G+nLsCDang/DCXcfLEQ7UIKOaUshcwzEICl6L8omONS3T78MI1tdVrsYA0QFjS8Zk1I3EUWrMQHl7rvvEc/xy2wblhHYAG/11ddMi7PlFj3i/LWan+7ys6DTo4JNLZv356cttNDC6Z5oH+1vFuqYseOyLfmFBlYlTqPIFCeFSLGh5iyQ75Y6Q+e4OkXjclERUQaF13TVWrZUvNt6wVJ5UBB+AkTS6LSw+RMe3vyes844J7VANkZ0Jm5tHWIPyUHVMUwlDu4BhK6B4s8EPZzN18LHMXbUvmJDTls7zx8IdFKNsgMHcOHLFuSTp+V8azNLAfrs09C8b4t8/W00XvoKAJmxakkm3N962QD+ve/8IMsQ8cPlKQHCSnvrNPOQbrxpatZdBoVBXgJAmNEIdITT6x1GBBqQdBiNa6CvnG/CDViUBYF/7JHHs41EJFkH7eK475QRP4HlYDUINg0pWkVr0sbC05xrwQNjLF6azGfhmJsKQGGhQQOOODpBz8+g1OzK5qMKOWMIXkfi2YSeJ0yclJZbNglF16f3gc0po3/VPPDgtLRCAgv8JGMonhO78IJmCkIfUygooPX9vLFD+7mnQXJ0znfhcFnbhi4IL2BSGpSW8igUQQNspGvXlfN+rA0fx+AuxeRTOwjdAw3wiPwBpPw3/bLZZlukQmSZt8g3IG6QqTuuZ3mAj28F6Kw4LMg6kDSKrhlfAipTyPmqKBumhsYxOnPC2CJvAANAaFxF4lggQQTAQX2AiPVBf9CMgw7qF07giGwA/s5++x6QeU8skManOdEC2QSmVYcxCOpwX/P4E09GJ32WEToCyXEkODpWSFVHaVgCbBp3Th+WzxWgqlQf1gCYrEIqqCAqR+j5RTKMWRmZC3wlEUC/8cd0Lr4v/K1+HEhaGRh1Bi3KES8aevSAgRnZ4bhSBoT8sMOPSLpBs6JCzuu13/55LVA4xzOwKpXrVxFKSbWOuZagEDz+gRCx+xBY4xonDD8xBYQWPvP0s1OAWDAWSHvh9ugXjcpSXXXFNWmB1ZtPkkIb9QB+wsSqUBgo1JlnnZ1twUpRBMDrHCBFnVkGSoHwew4U22AoQftl/0NybMfoPSviPs5hNQzaWgjG4u6AaWUebSwKqF20AyWr7Vgy9UfRZEUDn/trB2FpdUPHvv3t7zY9t90urxOx84mBACRwrBeg4MvstNNPsy3J3z5792rOPufcpIbop0DVwgsvkqzKM2hH4AFObUWx9YlnFv00RIA+o/B8WAEj4DEOJzYAYMADN6xRDqSKMNgllQJQzU71PkgrnvADOLeAhGNzgoV4//jHl/JhCDeNQosbWDMASusDAG5+2WW/Ts1SJl4yIbMv/EhLvvCHP6ag25Qr4oMWsUbmqxj9/lR28ezkR2WzRmEIE1w2PhJrBSgvvPhSdhwz7p46+qBfHJyNiz+v2m31tAQCHYv/eMl0UtG3n++yW+Z9ARKBUWeWRBSRwOVY1u13JAX63XPtWwmsGiQRkhK55qrrMtqD16NLpg7vs0+vTM9ffbU1c8UYKftosTe2AZFxC8JImKwtQeCBhADeHoJIOG+++ZbmT7NeyfA+i2XdCMmU0mcuj/rZ5AQSCsKhTUWf1lyje/J9NEzyLotIQ4t8oUvLL7diKiwRTn1l8FJUDShZIfRSOwKXNSS8VOulF15u3o9+YT34pxQD2o4iai8afuONNk3rKPOZhtfm3ioI9JQQ30kwgB/CYs98dmZY22ezTygzlpcPNyEYjNw3ARpUXCbCYj9ePJNGu626Wi5XpSz7VltunXUQaTRuqHygBDh9pz/Im/5lMVk7OZae79Zb7khWYnkzgR3DG4YW0DfjciyR7z4ZGSlufGFbhrH5P0CD19WEOnMeWCCAErnitAoe2KBSAEFYVgNaQFE6DpNLC6iUxtB5snTPv6Cdmq1DaGF+E03J96gpwayIkLVOkRrkfy/grY5iURxjdaSQeEsaWmfjwKoHoTEwRmPSkuYloY+pdUOLE+ZDfnlY1oNWREFQMxFBDTho4OCkYW8GgG1vv/Ve0hudjN4BGWHiqxFyr8UYeeJJWYZOIpQ4t4xfnF9Hogvq4hX4e+y+Vzjxv8k1HWh61wGOSYHPhtBw8Flu4VrAN67zUPhaQIxiocroI41JOXhWQijky4djrfg8BiApDYqKdmfhaHR1MThKSAmQ3/h2BEkZlBj/QlugvAICtDdAGkDlF7GatLY5OhSS+7IYtcqN74DDN+u1T/sd9bRKE59Pu5ERjAVdtvPH+JMYiDqzsKy6e3kJ2+CwxJKKARwtMxlTzpvk0My+GDY8qeX22+2YbU3m1NWzig4/H0qf20FGKJALQh5fCcXON+XLOd+kvNVXX61ZYIEFog9PzGEIwwkGT2FAVNVrTxgcUdAKWKUPBDjME07H7wEeoTz/W05I2JofxLSJJLFEwrni5KiBEWHaD69ENQiGSAgKYIQaddAoQqr1jh8bSyNgACAaiMNs3IgV4/ekHxTaDr3yHYAyABCg48OwOiicEK0F9WhP2cUaBH0CYnRS+QCrHgQHfeMnoThZt7A2L4YVpEFPP+PMBAxBVWdCRwiUZWBPaJTwogL8DTTL/Yx/yEFzHq2OitB2QvRokrDw00+2SZT+pxE5sOn8RydrG+0I3MB3xGED0p8EKgtg8GusMEPAgQt4KCYCTJC1m5AwgPN5UGKKSlBCPUxipCgoCJSPMnAOxeB/CoWvow9ZTtddeP7EpEAUkLYAREoH8JyHRbAolMf+B/ROIPDftCsAKNu4mnoJCrC4nse9WJl8zsMHJFAoOsEHsoMKssqAJ2QulO15KWgAZFXky2lrz5UvNYj7Uj7K5e8BrE+ugHoCuPYDfjOi0UWpRtv03DYVhKToESNOzOV7DXqLwqk74yHSKdJqPpChhdpE6boACauDwonCCdGxRiYvQR6AGQQUYhUXF4Z1IRNr+SFgIuwEmXB4EB1Hm2gggpsO46tv5MOiJDRIj622SQuBQ1dAwLrWxopqAxYWx8Z/EhhgdTj9H4UVQD3MC9JwhJijXqFvAQSNqeOBhJBIIUEjWBoWkc9AYFfu2i1pwDEDB2WkiDDQkPYll1w6KYrpwDqa8LN4gPrEk0/ls5rS7jjhRIXckxC4B01ICAndeuttkJYB+FA3lMIUZEJCMPwmOudZWB3gdxyQ+Irak8DWqjTW/NZ+2pfC4ltRQvwLgQdRNqkxrIgZmwSYFZRJ0OeAA/NZfZpqIHCy/PIrpl/BqvlfO7EaghMibvoUlTIOZ7xJMODRx2Zk/6Gc6KtP9QYSVk9byBLwmkWfgGcMSZCB37LxJptmAEQWijbTTuqubcmEoQvBIav7cBH0r7oZMtEWFCVKTZGYW0TGtIH77b7bnjmImlG6jTbLsj2frG3Wh39O+bJUD4clfO21V9PvYYGM2ZF178sSODA259mFs8UAaksfCHA4RnJ7pCoAkGQ6MW8UjwNlxNt4iQFKdE4O16233pLc//EZ7StONBahkWzI/BNsnc+0EyzChOJwAGlc2iHDw++3S1mZVWjA9ONAPp5tOd98RUZ88nX4QBrVOEauG8dPCA1u12i047333pej6Hg/rYNWETyhZ5SKlSKUGhKQLWyifrQnOsAKAT2aCKyEjw/EYrFA1nuQliKrghLxXJ6TxfKJglAMrILxDPel+aSZ8E90OAtGuFgt363pLLgAJBxtkUPtaXIa6qZsggGk/B/RSrlhhx96ZAqxJZxocPdmbX51yukpFNJd+Jw0LiAQUot3sJqUjbak8HKCYlgJ2tlrN42r6VfAErm8/oYb2xB9WI83wk/77VPP5nOwhtpNvwpPU44+WUNRtEq10ed8IUqIMmKZvPxXMAFY0Lia2s9KZqQzwKhfuAPKtKO9FB4fBk3Vv6wjf8tabwIKFNPCCy2ac4WAyvn8aVaRvFFOxhUpz6HHDUvl4BkGDDgqFOTJUbfHk7ZZvB54BB5klBjTmnszLJLzgZgmkTdAcoHvjnnBFgon+ZEzxcHi5BuIlLZy9dVthUyowuXPOP2sNtITnSB0e9ghR6RGNdWbEGtUWtP+WvgwaUmCTv35Q3ltH+ciGIIGMrQBy+82Pge/6OngsLQnUHpoAoUqoEJohDEXWvfiSy5Ni8La8M2MdHuNhU5xrmt0tuTGqeGgC6FKG3EcOGhtwKDdCTpg4c86DJ3ia+DxaKvoF6AMP3FEUj33cu+kN2HBRPkAABUEMBEvltrcGHln6prpNWPPzx1NOm/M2AS+IIEdVcHz0R2CBBw0OAtCg+oDqVIA496EBkUDvgsunJD+Fx/HtQIVUy5qw9osHm2uTcpaK8v90EBAI5DOYb3042I/WiKpFT9McMBzUkYil54PddUHqJjnYo1YLnJj8qVjAAKQFJLrJ0+8KH0q0Uf0WYhaeawVqsunFRDQ/o6rH/BJdFUPbQVorKRACwWJyqoP5UpO9INnMRbpuQAXI1Am2o7SSRrg33ivk4Ftbo2cRBvrAzCUi08+lb0LwIi4oXIV4xZUEAuXaOqlWxIma00EtI0DJRXlvDFSxF/KMQUNDyxCxBrNSLPIEKQDg4gaOkYb0DYWDjl/tvagDUV5MufqzXbVUPP0UTgmnK8jJ40W677WOglOwqAzNI4G0/kGVjOyElqOpUQtWMSbb7o1fR8Wi5YziIr/AzzBQnkIH2uhAy1ooeNoT1oUiJwLvHwRvocAiM6TQe47gfOc/LRDDzs86YJnFAgQwjfwZ+yG1qaB+TveUUMYBx0zOK0EwbP07NZb90yej5t7ZvlsNL4Rf1wc9bOSzIygT9rC/dFZzwT02oRFEWUUMOCnEmCDlSKE/BuCJsxr1VfAF6VjpdTJVH4gFXX0KYPaeBIhavMV/5rCyeez4CFfVl29SRCdBEiy4BlpfqDyP3ALBKBuxrMEAgCjAgksMqXEKqOAFB7wCjBYzvnZmTOTEVCKlBhrTRnpYwpRQEA/qotzThp5cvqppnULgauPsoFQfbSH84zVWV2KjMk2wbpkhGBcXBSyVOOf/wNAgFPTVFE3n5DHB9KQBlI5UgIJom/C2CicpEcpJaJUrIdGM7KLSnlXqoxgQQSZrgBCCJnQbJjQyEK/tLDzjaq3KG9XkzHNgQ+Tc/yDwr351tthAVpHNOcfXXVNWghjQULX5q+4BwrjN8IIFGiITqCtgE3jsRQEX31oOCDBpTU0YaOZdRLtyCfT+YCI2hF+mhPI7wmqCDx3BkB0BAvMytjRCv4SmqpswsJ6cIIBieambQUb7CwGIKsvy6EsCoE1YyWk+qNuKKq6icbJEtDmlIdncV/Wy3Rq1kI5LBTa5Hf+hQFJQHRPGpgfgZ6xvECnLQRwlEmoAI8A+452m1WqPSlLmh0glEXpUCAshXvNePSJpE8os3pQQuiShULIBAUEmIAsIKLPyBdKqTx9C6gsij5V56Jf7imgoP38r30FHPQfpceSaEuhepFX9TLde2aUd/JJp6ZlosC0K9+JbGAX6KJQtQFUSQX8fBuaXvQNeAo4vlMoSeFE4dA2lsccICOuvXr1ar72ta/lgBHgQGKN/3CivDvFSiU0rMY3cAUYBMyDMOFSSTwMza1ThWRZIAObtJZ0G1aG/8NCCVmja+0ysK3zyNEj1KgMqkV4Lr3s1yko+H4JIY3vXiJH/BROqJAlh51G0snArBz1tUQwbcnXQiEBhuUEBuMdeL5OJMgEGv9HPQiOzmellHvGaWflm87QDj6O/C3hVQ54TVXHs10ncdaze85M+Q9LSXhoeB3JlxGRo11RNsJYtEpomxIw30aodsTIUQluvpB24HMBrX4wACkTwfOyQnwbg9esMHBgECiPYARtymqjUQSRkqDk+IeUm+DLOt3XywwFb9BwjiROdVcfFAg4aXT3b8Pv9zTWRhe4YMU8t81z8C8BdfgJIxIUKD9h1paeF+j5jKK5aB3lI5GUAvIc2oUCImP8OwrFMylH36Ly7s/vknGOFntX6n333Z/9IohiqgNL53UnqDCwXxS0FhbIuECBDVBYJeOgNqAp4NSeq/IAEPomiCCZ1FwHq5IAkOxfhUh1YNZYIAVKphw/flw2WGqsaASCxjegtUSFKoyosaWNtOskz57VOdv/ASTUi79jUBZdY4kMiNJ6BI+JZ2H4UfwRlkTkBkCPiAbmgIuqsE415pFcP7SP+9PkLI8oFbrDstE6gGJymboZtOSz6CiAROcIKa0PHAXQU08+bc4AsLqhKOqKghAoEUnWAJgAVVvoVKATWUPNgJXjTjifCqDfRBBDoFALY2eZHxZlPP74E/HcN7fzdkKzsphG3WlLYGdJAU7ARHujcPqBr2lJMSABggviuczPohxQbpaRJeBLirgRdNdtutnmWU91978drVxvnQ0yn3DBhRZO6kyA1QfgRcW0ATmosREWmMz8LgBL4wMNYHp+/Qj4rkc3+ST6S+BFUivLgkG4B19HHTOQcuW1WW/Xo24UGiXt3spnRfUJhUTJsupoXQZShrTTOdBXfpBBV3QaMFmu0fH86iTiLH0McNC3Gve0sUSdwJkDIOYK8kTjROL8D0gyTeeff/5M2ZfWbz6KsSAhbRmr0nqE/DQUnwZlqgZ6/LEn07EDKBG854IKifbIk+LYM68cy4mTJqdwyWSYE54OTs2h1fkaz4PRMsqi4XSqhre2mPOUw+rJ1Up/JLg9TQsgOs04EyDT0O5HM7GCgE5TC10LDBBGlgIPJ4jAR1Bvvfn2pAmeDaj4FoSXlpOi5P6uA0J83LWoLMEDXpSHgKBMrCGfBii9Yh2lo3E5w8CkvjqeVXEPz0FYapzmuutvyPsKHLCyrJO2R3W0OyvP2kub4RulEIbQyZWTniMC6Tg/hCa3a08KkFVYasll8jvLqY2tLEpAgU4UEOgIqyx6GdbORaErZC8ooq047KKCXsFJ0xNe5VMQLK3nc1y/GM+5Pp7rnHPPTTCbDmF1H/flT6OR2tHzU8S+6yv+DWoJuDKvyZX+JFva2P2rDzyzdgFWihCo+dvKFs1rV+hpX6AAPFhWKQMg4QOx1HNvzk0AAY+AAR/IVAaBBdkIrJGBJf6OeTEQKXwtBV/ekFVUnn32+QSLRtm25/ZZUb6NOep8CpWmOXFXES9jJV46bMs1yT6ziMbnSed8l2RKcxMgjYgPG0Py+hQPbK04FsXAK8uEFrgPYSeshAYFwrktDMmK6BQmnyCfNPrkpIYETofK+QJE/7MWQEooKzKFlqI4Ggsf17jxNbWkjpHyjz6gAfLlBEU8K35NKxIm39UDJaFJCQL+LwoIhM5jGQUhWDX3oV0JG4HF2X16PsIBzKiTzAr1AELU6pijQhkMGJgpLQRWWwMrpUGR0Kqcf4Lv/hQOhcBKCXSwfibVqY8QOeAAK8pI6AgTjU4ZUGw0uvt6RQgaqS52yg7NE63FMPhClIN24s9Qfsp1Hp/LgiRoFmDoA+2lDY01CV0b8BRI8UzAKpXHYiSsGD+OxeZbKs/1FCpwscQoLGsOgOQFlfc7y7PgAgvnTGh+dm0ommkutqJwAPSPtvSBOkPYPoEKmCwqwhqJuLEkrFBROIGFkaOiYwJAl11yeWphSxCND87J0oh4Ca0ap6DRaNNZs17NSJx1zDiMOfXgA2ugfZoL/RkDQJ9of5E965ApQyOiC6iF8RTahUXJFVzCDBM2oEHhWDRWQBDCfZl6C2VIXwdGnUhYK52IpnWcQBBQnadT1ZsVI6TSU9QJRfCdoPrklNKW6JvflcPvUAcgR1n9XwmrtDQapQ6UgzZSb1rU2AbwEgh0hoUkrASThdp+2x0zigQ4rpHprM4oi+dNsEf9WUQWW8KtYwTH/WRE+NRGriNozncvfiNLe0DvPgkmgumZxo+9oNll55/nwKdxGxajx1bbpHATSvcloJQZXwP4aXxgIwOAD2xWllWue6ovq8pis4CmPVA+QA6QqKznpXS1tzrqX+FuCpBPhUprF9ROlJelAh7HgcMkQYpR+7HoaL9nGnTs4LRS/FeDrkMHD8v+kNNIqVKORd2Ax1Y+zz8CUUbhAEb4WuaBXVgbkCTNyVAAICOxwAOdJo4JKpjh55NzjzrRLHyEJ8NhhfY/RcN5I7e5MzTfiy++FABpG4CFIbzeV2q5WAvRm4JrdUrCSHMCD6DoLDwf/6Y5aRcaDddVvoieUWqWkEbnuLOCKJMGzYzo6Ew+CoDQmpxHdE29CK5UINx96216pqUwMZDWxsOVQ5NqbBbAdwCgFFhA5xNOlsE5Ohnt6n/woQkE1swzsYIEgyJwjBDQqspSP5RMWYRIuYBOKCtvDFWjWDJ59+138j4ETMIuYUOVAJdPaGf90TbCJLiAXh3Y56Ccas2v4qyLktkN3B47eEgIzF8zuZe/SXiwAfegTAjSxBBmfa1P0DeUyL3Vjf/Jv1O+sSHnAKvwcrduq2XIWv20AytHSeWYXvhd+pdFlNWNinr7IEqMARhCuPceg/dPZXDGak/efphULqwjZbbVVj1yGo40NMuxcUGsXmQmqYCXjR9vjId/LwDm+YSnPRcf5//NlsmkgghAxIkSwjaI6lPyHB9I2FplIBRoTHM1HiE3ziDrzBBenQ8YhJ5WYqoJK2pHC2jMNP/RGHcY0Q6qJojgPTMo3MwAHy2jwTUuvg0o6I5OERFDswgBIMh0kPyoYzW+8mlomlZdgEGqvDlJ3iCOawMKgSLookYGgKX28xNcx1K57pKLLsvxgVkhmOawnBK0UF4Uy3RYaEcW2D0IjVQWiz1aW23PvfZOUJhXoxy+FcDQrAIfgEhTA7/wPwUASDQoX4T2RqE8H+D43bNTTBQBi8mKaVef2kKZok9AKWKF96Mp7k3Z0PCcaT6CtaNZRM/BqgtAsPosA1rHwfYshJy/KEqJotLGymVpAM8UjuOPG55jWBSDZ9PvnpX1Ma5FEQCmyKUs9aqHY1gGxcVCsi4ysYGRotAGFArrQgEAnX5j9cy/MlUhMyaif9xPBoLj/cOnIrfGcbgc5qtZqMVEOLODyaoFcszuFVWuDYj4O0Xb/tmmHYCtrJMtF5eH3M6lrbbbbrs8BkCSRt1c0ECKO0ukcqY3mPqqI2kFncOBo3EBhgXhI+Dx+Cmt9cYbpigwj+2Yj034mqYlQMw72kXLApGM3nLAaUK0gDYUyaJ5UBmNLnPANOSDDjw4/RoNyxciaASCeQekiya3y9NKBSLgnof2A2r1U2ezM90H9QEGvhWao1z31cHAt9vP98ipwgQNKIBXeB0dMnefwKBbaX1vujVBIIeMpQQagqTtWBrPDQgES3upN7BQGCidiKMBVk42qiz6yNfwHX1WjusIMwXk+flRwMFqa8O7QqnJ+hZyB2CKQR20J6v5/Mx2SoaX7g4eNDT9PpndFjcEFM+CoqoHgVZXQu3Z3JsCo8ywETNYzRgGGM8m4oi26TPjTtbz06bopCwOiof/RQFjDyi6aChZysjkL36ZbIH/A3jWz2AhAVf9BageCP+YX85XN3PaHB6D/rKogYhFMtFOIMxGIRp7Kiv072zOtXeCKDMRhK2N/fgORMDkmOkM3sNvWR9UrVIZKjubVTJOQxPqBCFNWpsGMY5CEPP9pqHZ0QzRuFrmiP8j/As8pU3RNRRJVAUdEC1CByo0raM0GCHBk70dXEPg4q5nIR959LEEFY1tMIw2Bg4NTuCNw9g5pYCqzPSpQihocBQOOHSejmNBCQXa4RyamNC4l/rSygRRgAOls6sDrQYotDtrBXyEQLnahxXMbOOf75pOtv8lnaJvFA8lhAZ5+7Tp8+r/m1AoNqlQ6A9hk51g0FrIX7ksCWvtu8wCAFIHCkY9CCSfy4qe1pFm5Sg+o/UsFsEWCDIexyIBG6GlcFgXz8dymA/lXnwDa1n7zvcCfAKN2kno5OsYd+FL/vjHi+f4En9E4MOLrub/9rejXjfkPb3vx6dJhQZbAQzNVBb/W4QWVdaGIqJJl+OZsAJZFVwOeWwWA7UsgVWPrJ9nUZha46K2TgAJXf+7W1mh2nNNBFaoonH1tgaWCJhM/pLGwwJJtGPqTGmw+MZDD0mZfyH9GZEuXJgwCX8y3QIMqJhQoY4gFBeG1RBCtPEvaB4dR9tyXIGDNWLSi1ooR9iUVeArACH6wfEFWlbGffyOjhEmViIjM9EJPmlIAQc+h/oCAnCgKzQjx5IQs3zK0/HoBWBSBjK5CYZjhETHsR46U4DAvdXdtGKaUoiaAkBbUbgjjhyQGpkjDtx8RVpd+YRCW3jrgOCGt7HdftudzfvvfpjDAwRTvQix6JXABeADNV+LxVIPQGD5PDNKia6qrzqoG/BoB5YVPSaArAoKKAdQfbSvrAv3S6oVykIwQR2ABz0XaRQg4YPpH8pI/bU5sA07PpRgOO6AijKymOo7KJgKa62+5MZijpSWfiY72kd/7r33PinsDwX1wmysdyDszfoDE0VoLI4yJTdkyEL0hx9+WJR5ZcjRpaGwfhW/WcJrXDImtJscE3qgL9AAhKBB55jPv7MpB/i6CB6wPIDEBwIku/8trCgnTkWYRcChWVUAyi06l3z5wsnJeT2k2L/BMLM8aR20g1Z7KizN3WFp7r9vWvPR7CkKOp0QWHLVrNVLL21nZQouSJ/RgBIfOdA61Cr/OLhy8WMOKA3FYuHKhBy14VwCDeHbe8998x5oG+HQoTofbUM5RAMJkVFrQnL7rb9JgTrt1DOyHjILCB8fw3MIERNMI+UUAxDxeVBD4KWlCRPhswslO64OgOM1mI579meenpmha9RFJApVRctEiNwP9azIGyuV6x6cMzYXBHR++nFB/eQcWvVHm+y80y4ZSDGPSgRSYqq2ZDFZSfc1a5Tws1I5dhO0k4O+w44/af7zP78cvkSPbE+CbVIc/+YnO+ycoXgW7cB+BzUbbLhRvlLeqD3liKryrQRfPAelQmHS8oDzXPh8488/P8PsntdSzT75agBrgNi0Ds9tEh0APRl10t9W1FEW5YwFmLB4cMgZQFno8bp4Fkv2Wr/AWA7/3DJgKN3cG8EHFuFp4GGJOn2af3ebAyDpOyJtom8icmV9fJcLZ963eeLWRBDRgOJslEGDQrtNzM6l1QiSDuPDCOOiXLQ9bYcmvBFUrjZTFCwkwq9BrwQSRgWd4Zji3hpfsqTUHwJEaFknmtr9HBOkcD/RJQLrXDRxQlgV1skYi06lCVm8fLPD408EpXwr/a7TTzsrF/aQhEmTCUgIp/MBTD82Ko6CLrvs8mkhaVXaFXX63ve+n/UANlQHlTOOQkPT1qyv4ALQAqigAMo5dMjxIUitVS4tyloRGnROdJBG9rz8GQEEkTXPSvPLMUQ75d/R7gQXCF6LtrVCkn6QsvLeu+9lPYXJKQFam/J4NJ5HNAxNBki0ktZniQ3M0vbe4gaE1camo7Megjkyz6VA8fWk9/D1tCW2cFu0BZCykIYXyqqg8GTs3ABq0q24BxpHAVgIxDgMSrdXWB1L86LTp/7qtAS6Nhbe1n4YA2UNzECHmmMM7jEmlATf3Fp95vLw2y07ZTWdsjaibD7VsTYAACauCUD8q835wNa5dzHnAYBkIbA6/B5pPXwgFknIT9TNjVgcfo8QIJ/IyqSE6t3osInRETTx739vctVD6YzTeEyyzvOwKIgZqbfENawGYbF4BoqBRhFUwkjToVB8AZQEIISoRY5QFhSPgLEcKI9QJy1GQ6FfKBrhs1IQrS9Q4N7oEl4v41hAQYauKcIEr8Z6RAJ9St1XH4KPpihTJIsF5suhYiJlgO33lpa8mNMiHFMmmsQaS+i0RjMqUx3Pr6OpAcHO2XZfQQtBEdYFGOTMAbjnZyFZWcAh/Cib9h998imZ44XOnHv2mFQ0npMASnHabNMtkk4C23bb7hCMY6VUVITcoDELpUwDlAIznkPmgax4bS24ghZb2J2wGcvz5jjlE0jPb0q1hQ0pS2WokxdYUW4YgxyzCwWEwvKzdvxeSab6zoxSwAMWDIHcsC7ajrX3neUpRUMmWLJiBO5NhlA3i08KgIkcqxsLw0oCSOfuOfz2726ucT4gurZAN2ccyG7sxxhQTe/+6le/mlTNmnB8oLqhuRIQb67E4YcfkdZGIyYFCaujUQiKzuMsyj3yvwE125g4B6VBs2hW4WyaUtRN+PL+sEyCETTPQ6FFTRGg3QkGgBAk9Ea6D2vHytFEyuNs4+j8DqugCiQQXMCk9bxWg29Bq6KMGoRmBSDjRTr8r583mRpkLMm9CBch9t0nukF4OLzWYfD8EhWtWAMMBIOgAi9nlzZldSgAVNRzUQQCKMomIJ6HM+5NCwAIDEA0eMjQdMKN9gtqEGjT5GUkbxr0Gh00yAnAAhCCLpSFqBeQe1eOV8sDiXKt5Knu/jd+ph45i/Puexov4N1m623T8nhOdTJij6p2W3m1ZrPNt8i5Rfpqww03zjqgqAZEUXVtbMDbks4ATtg9L6pmmMDvnkmqF+vIb2RRKEhgJj/ot3prM9MdRALRRopF1A+Vs+TWiBGj0iJRYnw+GdcnnGCd78HRnlckRWMxRNj+3Shbba6zd27AQlZYNLvvaYEEDgQLjAexQMaEmD/ZCQIK1kgQhTMY5ZMGpk3M2GvXxuqaD8ZBJai0otUrNapGJKi0koU0arPayk03WVFT3trzCRBUR0RLYxIotEt0TcYt4TBwRrO5D40qVcQAHSqiIyV8Aqm0DlqM38SaOJ8FEtF66413cn4RiqVzRctM7yUshAaF891AnWndMpg3WG+jvIexJJ2lPqJXwIQeEkbP6Q0GBiyBgrVgeSWWqjcqmLQ02oH2JSCs4TPPPpvUxPMZPATMZZddLqjMxgks92CphHStQGO1G5RyheVXTL+Af8bK5R7AEro2NiXD3axcr9/kDwGsULL7Em7lOo/Pgqqx3OqjrdrXeg5Ja7Pf/gekpifsFBLhpv2NW7EMymEBzVx9NKglweKXsjLC75QAegeI+lX7eFYgIivGczyfNtD+7tu3d7/0L/WDdhRRdQ/W2VvqZM+ruwgnX9UMZovRmBUgN1N02PBEbQTf/53U7d/dAMT1PlmcTlA57nm7CFmjbHyfysxmAgFImo98OH4PiyOiYSqD+REGq2QoJIWKh9W4BjSFfFkJ1oHF8KBGufkaOtJxnV2RK448zWh8gRnOgbhwOtFBWkdwgqNsWrXGPPvMc/NaWhDtweFZIG9aI7BWCDKiTViEc5l4aSQ6Vd4Xq8BaycZlbdBIiZ3Auceee6XGY9VMIFMXk+P4He7lfLNsH50+IxM7+XCeH8BqLIsw8zFQWUmK6IU3VHtO1kEOl6AEmkKYLDfLF1JHgoxW5utEgqoRWmULsljaSm5Y+jdBTwk82qssFse9jeN4du3It/Ib+sUyC3nzU2luvodgi5F+igQ9cq6gAOAQNjmDKJ9onsUoczB75nNZT5ScD0c5CgYIyrAMppKjYpTBrrvtnv4MIQeSpMSTLk5arC1ZLhPwPIP7GNuhRCkb9zHUgKIpS+SOkqIQsQiWFj0HZsqWsv7JjjvFtY/MoWtAw+3wneAT9n+2FVA6N8cKOD5r8782YuUymRR1Y4FYI/6Q9RBMb0XnHLfAggpJ5QEk0Q1REoueaww+kAZhUjmKGpbG0JEczR5bbZNRHzlHaBUtLvTJQSW4BNLIMhPuE42TyKhh+Taon44BNOAxDvFuaB2/EYrS4iwL4LEKaAc/pN9Bv0jB5QTT5DS44+otaiVqCET+d39UgoYU/SNgAIXK8bfMWzosKCvrQuiE0wks+qKT0UD01TUiSmt1XzuFFcUggIQaIPhAphuI3BEyQpTWPawugHsOdBZgCY12FBanWNTVs8muJkwonjQk2lud1IOvZrVOysU0DUqLD4MuibhlWwXts2co+zEvD3476Tb66/iI4aOSpriHZ1FvgGbl7AItMgA8v/I8HysixeiMUHiCBaybPmN5jftROCKjrqdY+V/6j5JEfSkZdE0kkvLFMAQc6rUllA46CPTapSKhpwWVxjjksRFsAq7uZBZw5rYef28roPms/11XVK02boyQONeAAUkKx98RMPDJ/zGoKpl0vvnmi0Y4NKNuBrJUUBKpRc4dR+OAxcg3YaR5aTwdp2FElWh6nevV4+rGkSQkRuQlAnJUCSdhNXKOtgEh64QHAxMgcTqZch2powg7gXG/pA3xP76tLiyi9BF1euqJ36YmY72Ek0UJHTO2o0P+EnTHfQj5Qw9PT18FVWNRgVXyoft6NpSEEHm/DKEQtqd5zTXio8ivSyUTz7f7bnum8BAa9RQOpizQJscIiAik8SdlVs6X13JsuMFGqTD4hyyD+5i//6tfnZaWSNZ7vf/G8xIiyiTLiHYgmDIf+Dn6gZWk3Sk5i8bzU00HyHGiCVPSmlIYBNKUdVZCe7H8wO0e1rlwD2NQruM7iYIChnoCp/uga0BrbpelwpStD7UtYGg35UgREh0kG9pQn5IbfaQMVtVzqyvQDD9+RFoeZaR/GFbVIikytYGxNkIPNABQILAXMP7ZVpStEzwFIMeMgVI0gANA8NAFZRO2Nh4EQKicY5a3+o//+I/0c5xsN43BKpEsEiTyhQaGkNKMBFsHsgwnhcY88YSR2ZEsj5UnpYxfEr4I7VOmekTQCYOGGgTVYpGWWGKppnefvgkgFsPgpw40scy8dQ3K0gELaiUva1I0+m0h9LK8USnCx9cAAGACXtoIxfS/sKlReuMtOkXggYZnWUSizBfiwJ57zthowM/D39olx0XQCLTglFNPTWGkZWUBeAULLU0QgI9DvsXmW2UkitWxQmi9YQAwaXXRvdZSrBH+wMBokzfTN5SNwH+g2VkyfsIz0X4ElmIRsGBxWWhtpD0oF4A0cQyYCDgrSrlIaJU/5l7uLXAAlCgggLkPYFvcxLNWn2knvg8a643prDAf1cqpFAKlo79ZU8/OWhpgRqf5wcpkydA3bAO19Vymmag/Ggh4rBTwUWbKdr5+UX/9t/76G2bo3XifNv3hIj9Of3DpYEaLLbZ4MhpLALyTmS3tC5ztAgf/irb9va0TPAVGVg14RJ7NG0LdKqA25yXDwFODqQBkcNUqjYBkAh1nXwjba03E2kU6HMdVPTzzS0Cl9tCyGhdtosVocILN1PM/hHRFjziVzLGOFq1CvwgA/l1zZnQGwaVlaFXAAT6OLJ/GvVAUHQ44OlqnAiftqdEBkbAJ7W7do2f6CjpQRA6gjYNYHN61Cy+4aPPqa68nGMqkf/Ob38wQKjqKY7//7gdZj4zkhVLwmzXVCCbhRVPWXmvdpEH8PlZGsILgsD7Ot2s3oVuUzWtaRAU9tzXvWK9anrZ8NZZKeySV+vWVrZKR9RDOPxpJKaCRaGlOAZid2e2+rJu8Pf4pCgvcaCvlBUTGsTwTARbA0BYopkCJ9jRORgHs36t3KhvMgmIw0CmYIUIo7MyPU3dKD82inFwnKgkU5X+yNsrdcfudkilQKhZQtOyWgVwWXKTvm9+cN9pug1xTbuWVujVLLrF0HPtWBq+SYTz1dLYd+tsJGMJP8AsMQPWvNn2tz13D6tgBkfGQgGocqcaUauvC/6kpDIIIAgfAwxKZkCYbG/JYG6gTPGCJLLIo14im0enMLG2SkZYAQzZKdKrIGCDgtpw9tIOPIi9Mx9J2TDzw0bC0ELABBeAZf5H4SMuK+tB+BAg9VAaqAVw0sY5E54DKYKCQLM2dIfSXX0nhFaoFWBqchpXNS5iN1aAN8rVEsYCOPyYAwirh6ObFoB1WvdT5QvEsAiH7zne+Exr44RDiobnE7Pe++4MQyDtyYiFHl39Bm3sOFEZd+EFHHjkghUsZlAeQehbXaEN+AGoFSNrNs9L+zhc4MPsU7WRR+Era6J133ktroG7WOkCLKS8AQYH0D+1+6223ZwTN2gB8GDRVMEe52mydtdfLe8mTAwhBHWVYPERQguXQTwAiEoq6ajd9BlCsp3byHJtsulm2tax4r7LXDyuv3K1ZdFHjjuvmOm6A47vz/L7YYkvk/wIxIpCUoUglxULO/vB7bw1kIdpsAoINRD4BwXcy+6/8n9qUATx1PkABDP/UC886N+f6LXPhAIjVQeNQNnMq6qVbrJPJdGaiWsqXLyS50aqNrNEJocXXXmfd5KIangai0XQsgTQgKhpmrAFAHnpwemYh0J4063PP/i4tC9qGvrBMxld0kqRCnFxUShhUWo5Xl1v2Cfj2CFPP0rGO5nmIKNaDopmUAs2jvvw4K67w7x591NJP9wVQn8yxLuNVOgoghcclWhIQncaSffWrX09q4xzjUautukYuMk+4UEXlL7fcstk2kyZNymx22b/ajJUWcOFr+rTakcE+3y1gLuIpBUVuoTdhSLmX+OjlWlKoLGgpo9ioeo1xuJ/OQyWkWHlm1MKAt7EQA4oGu70YwPp9dvfp1atXWIXTsg7qZ/lmS9VatH348OE55icFRpkymQWJHHdP9zAe6L051gq0Pob7qZvBeO0qE0BQSiCKIpbFYk0N/6Oq7ukZHSdb9T9/2wvM3BsDorz95jrnmqbg9fLk0nQaoCiwEHI7ga7v/2i3+XRtgaxAo6wCjk/tKbtD26Htddz5PqvMtEDA4tOu0nbCpzE8EKBwnrwdzZoIFt2WNm6xxQceeCg686OMjHGqLIBI2DnltJjJdUcOGJAmmka301ioglAkbUh7ikaxYHaDdywJmgKEaBbNJ8TL/KNwgOka1sMgr07t0aNHCp26GRNAP4FexxIeSsLrKYxpSU+SZSHf75YAPV694fobp2Vaa421c/r5sKEnZCaAkDgLZrRflIlzS9NyZG+4fmozYeKEDPejtiwzYdfp3l4nqVHaE2ElbFb4J+TqpR5+J5iUgFxDgCG4jvvfJDB1BTavmPTCZ9NIlKn8/v37ZwYyEBBub+52/tChaGKbH+a+csRc76UA2oZgqMvAgQODHh6eAiztX7leZ+l+yqUMgNqwhuOm+Mt6dm2BgIxQvrKeyYxAFNeAQtt1V2tbt1ktjjtGtvQF0CnfJ6bjE9ABBaj0p3sAqHKAhyK0dQo9JVk+SQn23DvBL5DNvSmjAGnzXW4hmccibAWe/wEg1od2qExseUv2isx5aAJqfjuNKgInWU/Hjhk7Jp1T5h3XNrZgQJMjycKwSIIAUjlwXoOZVoAxIo8KFVURKRJmFdGRXEmIc9zohqnJmYUojTWgb9LUUYW+YZ1WDB58edCXu+++K4WS1ZG+btfpJlTRlASBILmWZgYoioBl9ex4ruRXlNM7iCTHoisiWvwYlAx1Wrv7ukmdZBrIAOYDGcOhOQm9yVoEVaBFG2l8QilDmHUCFGNpqK+0KFbIWmSA57vhAS9zsrg5AACE3TECbl4W68IqmNsChCwVILIsgKMMnY9mU3AUCsXnPAumAzLFQbMrw/NrF6vQyrzX9/PPP38KLplATb36sF5rSMApXAoJaFxP4ZIV19id51pAcD/KzTVkySeQAZHfJSsDjjK8Ac7wifOAR5kUnHvrt9oIbifVAiD+jq0Ee+69hL9zc1w5BUCWho/LwlNoymeJnMc42P4HgGgCOyon66AelDXSCBrI2A9zBqE+24l0d6W269fv4OSuHFb8Gg3CxYGDtTEoyUkXhRG2FukxboT64OYGRA22yXtDl1gm1wptCzmjgpzsM0KQJgU9QuFE/NBBEZqNNto4NHH/1MQ6gEYzoAZAnktkhsblx9G2FskncCYEGhT+wQ++n9kVX/vKNxLULCCrJnChLrIq8HTBAOk6ooRdV1w5rR8nvE9QT6Aw1QNYCS2waHiWmyDrfLSNgKNG3vZMkwMC6gb8gOR/4Kfd1Z9g07yEyus2+FgCOYAJSDq8zUmcms9PGAkiK0O4CSAKDhA0v98Iq+AQAVZ+RV8Jtet9OhdAnMOyVtaJ8UGfQKF+PskL0LmOzLA2yqGYleN8x+z+LxDZ1YelAUr1UL5jZA7AjUGimxQAR57AkkEKj5WobW6h/kd757k+5z6GEutD1N53x8mG8wDU59z3SgpH0Gog1QPRIgUg6JeJTSjRE98JJKQSFAmP8uAEEYR2hbFvmXpr5pfJJ+NLoDpGjQUSWBO0TCSHpQI6QHOOcCdnW9q+9CBABEiAEtlhyTjZxhu8BY2fNC6swBlntjMRrdVAE6sja4BKmXJOSFkcPhC/QIdQAr63vJpQ75Y+DdpmqVuBBlYV8DnFlrEVReKcA7WET1FAHTp4yOBwlI9JsKBDrB3LAahFtfB6FIhVZK0AgGDyEXwHwvJFXGNnuVA6wuxavxO28lkJPoWhz3xnUb7//e/nb9WHBLV+973eNE0wCbOyAInQ+t0nYecPFd0qIKClvgOMsn13DVAqE4NRP9cXDQMIdXEfwSm7766rT+VQKO7lPiyY9pJryRKwEgQXaFgKbV7CX0JdAv3P9ipDeZ2b31ghIJV1Q2ac43hnHl0B778BSEU7Hw7X9cAa3LrYHoyWI5Q4KBpHA7JKEyZcmGMJxmWMidDgAMKxJ/R8GdZCeJWfI5Jk/AOVQ/uEU4V+fYpQyQIQiubv8EGUI5fLlIFrr72uWXOt7pmjhsIJIrB6H7z/QQKCpkabaHINj6bR9o7RljQ7qjQprBhB9x2lcq36y04WKAAcSwmbiuBNeAIdolPmB0lHAXBjEiipEH3PHNTcOWkXzW8pZEJooNk9gIj1INTonDoB95QpU1KY+RAABSAcb4qMgKIwrIrnsloshkCAaXr9wyrpI/2l/wi0Mnx3bh0nnASZs07DO07Yne+7uupj58jEV0/nAQJg8U1KqFkFwHKN61mgTovjmPP8r/7KBK6SJ9bQOc61e5aqI/9JWe4PVNrEoDSwEGY74S+wFBjmPlaC/ff2uTfns+KSA0TaDJACqHMBStl1XYHH/t8A5MFKo/hOY9BMgEUjABF6IjIDODU7lVYfPdrSQSel5UBpjD3wCwgWAAm7Ek4gkNtltFmEDkiErwUagIH/Y+xBeBd4hGWBx/dRJ43Oslk3YVnhUeFeVMuiiKeffkYKLeHke/Al+CF8NcIr2gZUrKb5TEw0rS7SRSlw1i0aAsBCvfPOO1+OngtuSDH62te+kc/BJ6q3BpiGzXJ6ZeLdQT+9GoNfwXoAJMEnACyGenHICRKB1MZ8Aj4NimWnrYvGEDKCp0+cS2j1Q11H6P3vdwKnrwigazn3hLXTAhBmfWt3DEjVheACMFC6t/MMW6gP6wQI7ul+QON3ChYwAEgZqKhPQHB/5bu3MgHCMQBUJ3UGDOWpVz2T53C+T8+ibAqHQBNQ1KmE2WcJMUABF2G2OdfxEux/tNfm+pqlaoiGT8/PKcvjviKdtTn+dwFUCaQ6DmXzkHYPD0yAhMsbicXlCQm6BExuaO6PyJRFFgnn66++kf4M6mMS3WMzZmTKiqiabFpLWxkEZamkbAgMcNb5HCyWUWiDadJvDFIaBzGXxZvh8u1wJ47KhFWT2Qi9acEAI9IEJMKtnGhOOKeZVRBuNQWDFtZxfAYL4+tYM2GNMxgEFD43TiFTgT/GonqTwHLLrZBrPaN2/DcvrBVwsI6aSXzlZ6C7hEIEqgRcGxIwwkd4Ca46OE7zEzrtDVwEmYD5rYSUNSgQsCyEz/nKKDpkd53fWQtlFS1j0QimsvymnArnV1l8X3V0rv8LVMr1ybJpK5awfBN1rDorS7nq6ZlZR9SSbBWQlO9+zvfpf9co17mApv0oZnIlAlYCDCgsw98Dy9z//6MdADr9GGWjbGSbv4OqKZ+cV0DC5nzgtfn9fwBIY+h0neGhNDbto7E1pvi7CBxnykMRSNwcnWP6+D7Tpz+WETRLvgKKSJvMBAEEmrrGfAg80JiazW8CGMLrXaNoXM0XcQ4HnRXjAwGTAIQ0dgOFLBH/SZne7XL9DddnlIkfYXxKhMv/rAGqJOpFq5mpyOfg+wgosFysxLixF2TAgBVEzUyHkHVs0p+Rf6PiAPOdb38vAWXNcIO2XlbcY8ttsuMJrzakwSmiosaEh6D47pOyIvzO8R3QWBCCWW3uPJ8sDgDpD33jHsojgFU24BBK1wIj0BBuZSpbPZznniWkgi0EHYBF2PyvbNcVaAi268iD4+rqmO/KdJ+SE3VTPgABkzqpv3M9l3OrvnU+pYO+sm4CFUDLTyXQNkLbCZp/tTkPSOo70M29KZMc2wR56p1XgFDXdwLE97+3VTnoX77mXofpfLtG10EazkN7UzfQiExwrqQ00N40Okd8x+1/ksKH3gADIKBlwEP4zc8RNEDr+Bd8Hs66bG10z1hPzt0PoAGMgViUrhbVI8BG/k12M3rOOkh/kU4v3UaZwshAoU7GNzj0wIE66TDH+ECsJ//HWIrVhmhWvpLxH5PFDNSutNIq8dxrZKKit2ovtcQyzZJLLd2stOIqzeKLLZnTEbylYK218PquaZ0IiPsQSoJbVET7ERZg8VkWw+/anEBpb4JWu+t9Ok5AAUi5riOkrnUdxeeT9gYEQu9897UTdtdUOX4n2KwCoS2QuJZF8r/6EWbXuaaeQxk+3R+Fc19l+FRf59cinEDkPkBmL4B7XnUuyspvVK6IIB/VgC5fu4IEhLM0f2n7f7a5ptNy2ACBZSHslQiqfJSNDAtQsHbuVSD6R+BxzLWAB2gV1u6i0TyoBwQmHU17aBz/e8gvf/nLGYY1gEpDGOArBE+aNDkdekEC04mFe/lCxm/4NObofPLnv2QGtAFWlkXiIwvEN5K2I/uAZRF541eYAyKPCr2zIgtLZa6JPCxpL5IXu6+5TiZHTpo8JRuD6ZdhgNPSZHwMA4d8E+MonsPzECDaFs2q0e3ll+vadF97nRCK7ZqFFlokzlk2I3xysaSNLLvc8pmDZc7+qquuHtRlyygDNVq72XjDTeOzewoJSlMCROBo7bLw7q9Ny08oQbcTPJ/a3fXKIqwE07nK008EmmAXOJzHqtiLdrmH+yrPOc4l9HblO0eZBVgAcr2AgOvs7qcefvdMsjzQMuWxGp6naB2Au4alca6yPSNgsUZVJ+X73/2Ugc4KWlByBLo2AszX8VkbcBSY/tXmPICY2wIpzzEgEsjBoADB+XwhG9D8I6tjA6KyYMDk+gwilAWiHYBJQ+tw3wkaoaPpCKPoG4okvWPmzGfTl6kJab7LtEbB0DXhZo1hHTPHWAvWB9gkesrxEo0TtjZtQIaCvCnHJJZaIkoOGv+IEy/wIPeKtUOrDGZu06NnAGxAdhKgGH3XeQYG1Z8QeC783XN4TgJCEHWijF5zhGT8esfmQgsu0iy79PJBn7bOY0Cy1pprh1BskJ9ytJZdZvlmxRWCoq26RtNz6+2yfIrHvcqvIFTaVfv6XpaDpSr/hEDagaUskt/Vz3flqGfn/+7h0zOyAnbCTUCdR0nYle+ejrmf+ziGFqoP5QEk+tVx9fYcPgvwPoFB9oZQunKARmAJIAUbWBLPrlznup97qWeBh8LyvcpVf4AXIeWLEO4S5k4BJrCO2/+ZYNdW5dRW17NMZYkMvRiOkdFQ5yqbnP6rzXk1HsXPts2Z0q3x7BrXw2soHSAyo4MJo8ZmiSC4TKA5KoTcJDmCbszEBCiJhDKT+TcontR8vkyBSwIpH0MAIdP0w5fi14i6oXyAhKaxBEb/5b/5zkqZGsASyBDYJM7ZcMMNsn7q71mAvmiTDtRxpRi8hcL/hM7zrULww5oBy6qrrJ5gMitTag+rYwEOU7itQrPc8itklvWCCy6csze7rWIco3sAc6ksk+C4R7WX+7uH7wCiTs4haI4Bs3NYKWBWhmsdUw6BLYtk1yd+q3P9zkkvECnbsyvPuYRZXwKb/8sqAKV+5f+IpLEI6qn9WBJjSUDlGmWyFJUh4X/l86VkLgASmVEf16uT+3o+5/r0DEDouGf2LCKjXAKCzTIQys6NcLMkNP3/E/BUOcDYGRDwKZrMAGApznfvKv9fAUi5zrH7LltBOX8XQNX4GpFGpM3lI2lsk+yYXWHG6667NqNV1giTKWuGojR5YJAH97Ndds00emCp+R1ABhCyaffYba/MWkaZ+DZmjlrZhdB6NblPYPGdb8LfQJ/MtmQpfvTDxZqlllw6hYQA4O+EC2hoOp3seXQ4wVF/GlYnElDRJ8+1UtduSckWXnjRrIupB0DEx/FOVkBafbWwyrH7vvRSy8b9Wqu04gp8m/aNFtpLue6pLQlVgjT+ByD3A5ACUAlZMQD19rv+cFydCb3v+gQ9InzKZgUcBx4UzG+u9cx+LxqlPj4pP8BRF1ZDvwMAUFCK1W4sjTL0v/sDlLZUPj8SQFib7373uwk857mHPmBpXOPejrlWHY1ledNHG3zpndHaEnhWoQDkfzuB9r9z7AWKf7U5l4D7VIZPm3sIFshCkb5VQOss37Ha6v51TmdZjgmesWRmJmQmgr1AVNpPg9jlIvmfhrMTOJ3N31Dw2LHnR+NulpE10w9YFGMorJD1u4zXGDuRUS0MLOeMcJqXY9IaIZSS07XryiHIIexLLZepMjKfV1ieYHZrVuy6UqbWE24AE/3izLNQG2zQUhyCqgN9V2/PopMJBa1MmAmf/0vYUTrHV15ZtEnmefiDK66S9QEcVq7bqkGzuq2RdQCoBRZYKIRt6SifxVkj6tgCgWBWu/mubELqfoTf/bSx3wkZwXKeT9f53W/q71j1g135wOE6VM15wKjfHGMFCLgy3NNx5RBke1kxyoOS8b9z3L+sGKujzsawWGmgqXIAVPuyIu4HjJ5FOY4DpnoBnud1nWcgL5SX9jceJuJp+KOsTqeAl7UAAHLVuTn27/hAzkMJO6/n7MshpCT8bvN7AUYd1KcA0wka5/heuzpIYTMcwoWR+dJFx3hooKjG9/B2HeeYBtBQ/tchQCVVhb/BgZZtIJwLACwEi0HwTLhadOEftce32DIafIukSSZGLbX0MkGfONUbxD2Wz8gWgQQuQHE9J54VQrGcYz6O/5dYvM1HA6rV45pVVll5jrYjFISL0JZWZ0UJhWdzvARKhy+55BIBiqBk4dusvmpYj6gTC+RedtYOsOyWhJINUQAHevUlTMomwISU8Dnm/oTdvQgiULAG+L96dSot1+sL56pv9Yvvnq0sit89J2H3u7IqUlf3cK3nVBfXEm7/l+A7rixWR7naRrkUkDA/yua4+mvPai/9X9e7n3PqHqxRWXr1IC/OUU/ywwIYbynnHlg6tX4Jr42wliWxdf72jzYCT8CV6TtAiuoBFMsj8VYZfi8g1f/O9939fLcXYPxu953rYljE88oJpQwyCmfXkXaNrwGqEYQnNayGdEyHOu5c1gjAXEN4CI5PvzumI2j42jU4jef3Embl6QSaVuc7r4TJ//bS7ATGfXUiIXLcp/s6Twf7dL1ylOEc/ztPB/skcKXFneP5lKscu2ctTUsIXOeeyqx7qIuy1Z2QVNs55rwCrOcl5NrFb6wFCuR/vyvL+coj1MooRVVgp/nVo9pVfQQBnCcErTx9WPX3jM5lGXS2cvUdi+AadapjnlWZqKB6aBN1c536+r2UgDqWUqjnUkfHWDb3dC1qWECSzY0W8hc6BZzAlrD+f7EBJn/GJ3D65KMbXBciL1/Iff/ZDjg+1VUZ6gf4wAg8QCOQwAcybDKHwhEAYNBgGqUApFHtGklna2znOOZ8wqdD/a6BNS6h0pCOOc85hKw61Xmu1dGlxXRWCZP6uI//dXgJhOsIsnJLIB1zvutKyD2LOjnuWseVpR7KJXCupRmVrzyfjhFA1xXYPU+BVtnOU5b7Ol9bdbZdXU8QlQsAyvK7MggupaEcbaKeylWW48pwnufzXdsQfPdxjv89k2dRD/SLsKtPCXC1l/sq07Xu53/XAUO1u+tco1/UQ519d4628izagBVTpjqRDUqIMvDddc5H9bSFZ/RsQI86Gfooevb/F4DKYriH4INk50p8Fiav+xVQ5t7rt7kBpCwANGQjh9H4oawXxx577LHm/wDH1+NwLEAyGwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Events leading up to the present appeal

13 On 22 January 2013, the appellant applied to register the Subject Marks in
Singapore. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 6, 11, 16.

The registration procedure concluded on 7 June 2013. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 6, 11, 16.

The 2012 Agreement subsisted throughout this period.

14 On 7 September 2017, the respondent filed an application to invalidate the
Subject Marks on the four grounds set out in the table below: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 20-29.

Relevant sections of the Act| Ground of Invalidation  
---|---  
s 7(6) read with s 23(1) of the Act| The trade mark application was made in
bad faith.  
s 8(7)(a) read with s 23(3)(b) of the Act| The trade mark’s use in Singapore
is liable to be prevented by virtue of any rule of law (in particular, the law
of passing off) protecting an unregistered trade mark.  
s 8(2)(b) read with s 23(3)(a)(i) of the Act| The trade mark is similar to an
earlier trade mark and is registered for goods identical with or similar to
those for which the earlier trade mark is protected.  
s 8(4)(b)(i) read with s 23(3)(a)(iii) of the Act| Use of the later trade mark
in relation to the goods for which the later trade mark is sought to be
registered would indicate a connection between those goods and the proprietor
of the earlier trade mark, and is likely to damage the interests of the
proprietor of the earlier trade mark.  
  
15 The Adjudicator heard the parties’ oral submissions on 25 June 2019 and
issued the grounds of decision on 2 September 2019. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3135.

The decision below

16 In the Decision, the Adjudicator held that Tomy had applied for the Subject
Marks in bad faith and thus declared the registrations to be invalid pursuant
to s 23(1) read with s 7(6) of the Act. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3148.

As a preliminary matter, there was no need to differentiate between the
intellectual property rights of GAC and those of Dentsply Sirona because it
was not disputed that the latter is the holding company of the former. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3136.

17 The Adjudicator also held that Tomy and GAC had intended to divide
ownership of trade marks between the parties in the context of their pre-
existing commercial relationship and the successive agreements between them.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3147.

Over time, two sets of trade marks emerged from the 1998 Agreement, the 2004
Agreement and the 2012 Agreement, namely the “Tomy Trademarks” and the
“Existing Trademarks”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3139.

This was apparent in Arts 13.1 and 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement, which
collectively indicated that ownership of the “Tomy Trademarks” would vest in
Tomy while ownership of the “Existing Trademarks” would vest in GAC and/or its
Affiliates (including the appellant). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3146.

18 Additionally, the Adjudicator observed that GAC’s “Existing Trademarks”
included trade marks listed in Exhibit 3 of the 2012 Agreement. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3144.

She observed that the “[Disputed] Marks are listed as ‘registered trademarks’
in Exhibit 3”: see [40(c)] of the Decision. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3145.

Although “the registration of the Subject Marks in Singapore is not
specifically listed in Exhibit 3, … when Article 13.4 is read with Article
13.1, it is clear that the ownership rights of the Existing Trademarks
including the [Disputed] Marks vest in GAC and its Affiliates”: see [41] of
the Decision. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3145.

19 Against this backdrop, the Adjudicator concluded that Tomy registered the
Subject Marks despite knowing of its obligations under the 2012 Agreement. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3147.

In doing so, Tomy had effectively hijacked the Subject Marks and engaged in
conduct falling outside the scope of acceptable commercial behaviour. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3147.

Since the Subject Marks were invalid on the basis of bad faith, the
Adjudicator considered it unnecessary to determine whether the registrations
were invalid on the remaining three grounds. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3148.

20 On 30 September 2019, Tomy filed an appeal against the Adjudicator’s
decision. On 8 October 2019, Dentsply Sirona filed its cross-appeal on the
basis that the Adjudicator had erred in failing to decide the remaining
grounds of invalidity.

The parties’ cases

21 The parties’ arguments focused on the ground of bad faith under s 7(6) read
with s 23(1) of the Act. At the outset, the appellant seeks to dismantle
Dentsply Sirona’s claim to proprietorship of the Disputed Marks on the basis
that the respondent is not a party to the 2012 Agreement. According to the
appellant, this is fatal to Dentsply Sirona’s case because the latter’s claim
of ownership is entirely predicated on the 2012 Agreement, yet that contract
was concluded between Tomy and GAC. Stressing that a subsidiary and a parent
are separate legal entities, the appellant argues that there is no reason to
equate GAC’s ownership interest with Dentsply Sirona’s entitlements. In the
appellant’s view, this is correct because GAC is best-placed to provide
evidence regarding the physical conduct and mental element of bad faith.
Otherwise permitting any person to bring such a claim would have no limiting
principle.

22 On the construction of the 2012 Agreement, the appellant asserts that the
Adjudicator effectively rewrote the 2012 Agreement in favour of the
respondent. In particular, the appellant argues that the Disputed Marks do not
fall within the meaning of “Existing Trademarks” under Art 13.4 for the
following reasons:

(a) First, the expression “Existing Trademarks” refers only to those marks
that “GAC or its Affiliates” had already registered or applied to register “as
of the Effective Date (including trademark applications of GAC or its
Affiliates pending as of the Effective Date)” on 1 September 2012. This cannot
include the Subject Marks, which were only registered on 22 January 2013 and
were registered by Tomy and not GAC.

(b) Second, the phrase “Existing Trademarks” cannot include the Disputed Marks
in Singapore because the list of “COVERED TERRITORIES” in respect of
“REGISTERED MARKS” under Exhibit 3 does not include Singapore. If the
respondent was the proper owner of the Disputed Marks, it would not have
agreed to limit its ownership of the Disputed Marks to a few countries.

(c) Third, even assuming for the sake of argument that the Disputed Marks fall
within the ambit of “Existing Trademarks”, Art 13.4 does not vest ownership of
trade marks in “GAC or its Affiliates”, but rather imposes an obligation on
the respondent to maintain “any and all trademark registrations” at its own
expense. On this view, the phrase “will be the property and responsibility of
GAC or its Affiliates” refers to an administrative duty to renew trade mark
registrations rather than an exclusive right of ownership in the trade marks
per se.

23 Additionally, the appellant argues that the Disputed Marks fall within the
scope of “Tomy Trademarks” under Art 13.1 of the 2012 Agreement. Reliance is
placed on the word “including” in Art 13.1, which denotes that the “Tomy” and
“Orth-Tomy” marks are not an exhaustive list of the appellant’s ownership
rights. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

24 On the other hand, the respondent argues that the Disputed Marks fall into
the category of “Existing Trademarks” under Art 13.4 because it refers to
trade marks owned by “GAC or its Affiliates” (“Affiliates” include Dentsply
Sirona). Moreover, Art 13.4 makes clear that “Existing Trademarks” are those
“including, but [are] not limited to, those which are identified on [sic]
Exhibit 3 attached hereto”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

Exhibit 3 is titled “Existing Trademarks of GAC/DENTSPLY” and provides that
the respondent’s “REGISTERED TRADEMARKS” include the registrations of the
Disputed Marks in “COVERED TERRITORIES” such as the US, Benelux, Canada,
France, Italy, Mexico and the UK. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1341.

Although the list of “COVERED TERRITORIES” in respect of the Disputed Marks
omits Singapore, the respondent relies on the words “but not limited to” to
argue that Singapore falls within the ambit of “Existing Trademarks” under Art
13.4. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1341.

25 The parties also disagree on the nature of their pre-existing relationship.
Here, the appellant argues that the Disputed Marks rightfully belong to it
because the parties are engaged in a straightforward manufacturer and
distributor relationship wherein the appellant manufactures the products and
the respondent distributes them regionally. This is evident from the fact that
the respondent only has the “right to distribute and sell” the “Products”
under Art 2 of the 2012 Agreement.

26 In response, the respondent argues that the 2012 Agreement is not a typical
distributorship agreement but rather a complex cross-licensing agreement
involving different sets of intellectual property rights. Specifically, the
respondent draws attention to Art 12.1 of the 2012 Agreement under which it
licenses “Existing Patents” to the appellant for the manufacture of the
“Products”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1328.

Art 12.1 refers to Exhibit 2, and the respondent notes that the patents listed
therein cover all orthodontic products to which the Disputed Marks are
applied. Since the respondent owns the patents, the appellant merely
manufactures orthodontic products in accordance with the patent
specifications. Against this backdrop, the parties’ relationship is akin to a
contract manufacturing relationship.

27 The parties’ final bone of contention in respect of bad faith hones in on
the prior use and registration of the Disputed Marks. In this regard, the
appellant asserts that it should be recognised as the common law proprietor of
the Disputed Marks owing to its prior use and registration in Singapore and
other countries:

(a) Section 101(c)(i) of the Act makes clear that “registration of a person as
proprietor of a registered trade mark shall be prima facie evidence of – (i)
the validity of the original registration”. Thus, a presumption arises in
favour of the appellant’s ownership of the Subject Marks, which the respondent
has not rebutted.

(b) Further, the appellant relies on the common law “proposition that the
first user of the mark in Singapore is the true owner of the mark”: see Weir
Warman Ltd v Research & Development Pty Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 1073 (“Weir
Warman”) at [76], citing Sifco Industries Inc v Dalia SA [1997] 3 SLR(R) 930
at [12]. To this end, the appellant provides sales figures in support of its
submission that it was the first to use and register the Disputed Marks, both
in Singapore and other countries.

(c) Even if GAC or the respondent had used the Disputed Marks in Singapore
prior to the appellant, such use was carried out in its capacity as appointed
distributor and cannot operate to restrict or deny the appellant’s right to
register the Disputed Marks in Singapore.

28 The respondent makes the following arguments in response:

(a) It is GAC which first coined the marks in 1986 and in 1991.

(b) The court should disregard the appellant’s evidence of use prior to the
1998 Agreement because the appellant cannot show consistent use after 1998.
After the signing of the 1998 Agreement, all the evidence points towards the
respondent as being the sole user of the Disputed Marks in Singapore from 2005
to 2013. The appellant’s non-use of the Disputed Marks after 1998 supports the
interpretation of the 2012 Agreement that the Disputed Marks are “Existing
Trademarks” vesting in GAC or Dentsply Sirona.

(c) The respondent was the first entity to register the Disputed Marks for
orthodontic products in Class 10 under the name of Denstply Sirona or GAC in
numerous countries, including Australia, Benelux, Canada, the EU, France,
Germany, Iceland, Israel, Italy, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, the
Philippines, Puerto Rico, South Africa, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, the UK and
the US.

Whether the Adjudicator erred in holding that the appellant registered the
Subject Marks in bad faith under s 7(6) read with s 23(1) of the Act

29 In my view, the key issue to be determined in this appeal is whether the
Adjudicator erred in holding that the appellant registered the Subject Marks
in bad faith pursuant to s 7(6) read with s 23(1) of the Act. The main thrust
of the respondent’s argument is that the Disputed Marks belong to GAC and/or
Dentsply by virtue of the Agreements and that the appellant had registered the
Subject Marks despite knowing of the respondent’s contractual rights. On the
other hand, the appellant argues that it was entitled to register the Subject
Marks because ownership vests in Tomy based on a proper construction of the
2012 Agreement and the surrounding circumstances.

30 The issue of bad faith is closely interrelated with the issue of trade mark
ownership. It has been said that bad faith is “the only ground of
[invalidation] under which issues of proprietorship can be raised”: see David
Keeling et al, Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names (Sweet & Maxwell,
16th Ed, 2017) at para 8-242. Elaborating on the relationship between the
issues of ownership and bad faith, the High Court in Weir Warman ([27(b)]
supra) remarked at [49]:

49 In the present case, it is common ground that the key issue in the
determination of bad faith pivots around the fulcrum of proprietorship of the
“Warman” mark in Singapore. It appears to me to be an incontrovertible
proposition that if a registrant of a trade mark has proprietorship of that
trade mark, or at the very least, the right to register that trade mark, then
such registration of the trade mark should fall well within the standards of
acceptable commercial behaviour observed by reasonable and experienced persons
in the particular trade. Conversely, where it can be shown that the appellant
knew of an exclusive proprietary right of another in relation to the trade
mark it seeks to furtively register, then any such registration would, almost
invariably, quite clearly fall short of the relevant standards. As such, it is
important to first examine and determine the issue of proprietorship.

[emphasis in original]

31 In Weir Warman, the High Court observed at [77] that “the common law
position on the proprietorship of a trade mark is merely the default position
that applies in the absence of any contractual agreements between parties
assigning or stipulating for the right to register a trade mark.” Thus, the
court has to ascertain proprietorship by reference to a contract (or
contracts) which specifically provide(s) for the ownership of the mark or
marks in question. In the absence of such a contract, the default common law
position that “the first user of the mark in Singapore is the true owner of
the mark” will apply: Weir Warman at [76].

32 The general principles governing the law of bad faith are not in dispute.
Relevant to the present appeal are the following:

(a) Bad faith constitutes one exception to the “first-to-file system”: Hotel
Cipriani Srl and others v Cipriani (Grosvenor Street) Ltd and others [2008]
EWHC 3032 (Ch) (“Cipriani”) at 185, which was upheld on appeal in Hotel
Cipriani Srl and others v Cipriani (Grosvenor Street) Ltd and others [2010]
EWCA Civ 110. Based on the “first-to-file system”, the first person to file a
trade mark application is usually “entitled to register it in preference to a
later applicant”: Cipriani at 178.

(b) Bad faith “is to be determined as at the date of application and matters
which occurred after the date of application which may assist in determining
the applicant’s state of mind as at the date of application can be taken into
consideration”: Festina Lotus SA v Romanson Co Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 552 (“Festina
Lotus”) at [100]; see also Cipriani at 166 to 167.

(c) Bad faith “includes dishonesty and … includes also some dealings which
fall short of the standards of acceptable commercial behaviour observed by
reasonable and experienced men in the particular area being examined”: Gromax
Plasticulture Ltd v Don & Low Nonwovens Ltd [1999] RPC 367 (“Gromax”) at 379,
affirmed in Valentino Globe BV v Pacific Rim Industries Inc [2010] 2 SLR 1203
(“Valentino”) at [25]. The test is a “combined” one and “contains both a
subjective element (viz, what the particular applicant knows) and an objective
element (viz, what ordinary persons adopting proper standards would think)”:
Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign
Trade Co Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“Wing Joo Loong”) at [105]; affirmed in
Valentino at [29]; see also Cipriani at 166 to 167.

(d) Bad faith requires a holistic assessment. As summarised in Lionel Bently
et al, Intellectual Property Law (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2018) at
1019, the court ought to take the following into account:

(i) whether the applicant knows or must know that a third party is using an
identical or similar sign for an identical or similar product capable of being
confused with the sign for which registration is sought; (ii) the applicant’s
intention to prevent that third party from continuing to use such a sign; and
(iii) the degree of legal protection enjoyed by the third party’s sign and by
the sign for which registration is sought.

[emphasis in original]

This was in reference to Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Sprüngli AG v Franz
Hauswirth GmbH Case C-529/07 [2009] ETMR 56 at [37] – [38], which has been
affirmed in Philip Morris Products S A v PT Perusahaan Dagang Dan Industri
Tresno [2010] SGIPOS 8 at [219].

(e) Bad faith has “moral overtones which appear to make it possible for an
application for registration to be rendered invalid … by behaviour which
otherwise involves no breach of any duty, obligation, prohibition or
requirement that is legally binding upon the applicant”: Demon Ale Trade Mark
[2000] RPC 345 at 356; affirmed in Valentino at [26].

(f) The “legal burden of proof needed to substantiate an action for revocation
and/or invalidation of the registration of a trade mark lies throughout on the
plaintiff”: Wing Joo Loong at [33]; see also Cipriani at 177. Where
allegations of bad faith are concerned, the “standard of proof is on the
balance of probabilities but cogent evidence is required due to the
seriousness of the allegation”: Cipriani at 177; see also Valentino at [30].
Nevertheless, a conclusion of bad faith is “largely, if not invariably, based
on circumstantial evidence”: see Festina Lotus at [115]; see also “Brutt”
Trade Marks [2007] RPC 19 at [29] – [30] and Ng-Loy Wee Loon, Law of
Intellectual Property of Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014) at para
21.4.1.

(g) The bad-faith inquiry is a fact-sensitive one that demands careful
examination of all the relevant circumstances. As stated in Gromax at 379 and
affirmed in Valentino at [25]:

Parliament has wisely not attempted to explain in detail what is or is not bad
faith in this context; how far a dealing must so fall-short in order to amount
to bad faith is a matter best left to be adjudged not by some paraphrase by
the courts … but by reference to the words of the Act and upon a regard to all
material surrounding circumstances.

In this regard, the nature of parties’ pre-existing relationship is a factor
relevant to the determination of bad faith: see Nautical Concept Pte Ltd v
Jeffery Mark Richard [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1071 at [24] – [27]. Examples include “an
applicant attempting to register the trade mark of a competitor, an ex-
employer, a supplier, a licensor or any party with whom the applicant has or
had a contractual or pre-contractual relationship”: see Tan Tee Jim, Law of
Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2014) at
para 7.178.

33 Having read the parties’ submissions and heard the oral arguments, I agree
with the Adjudicator that the appellant registered the Subject Marks in bad
faith under s 7(6) read with s 23(1) of the Act. I set out my reasons below.

34 For a start, the appellant’s argument that the respondent is not a party to
the 2012 Agreement does not take its case anywhere. It is clear that the Act
itself permits the respondent to seek a declaration of invalidity vis-à-vis
the Disputed Marks despite the fact that Dentsply Sirona is not a party to the
2012 Agreement. Section 23(5) of the Act states that “[a]n application for a
declaration of invalidity may be made by any person”. A plain reading of the
words “any person” in s 23(5) of the Act forecloses any suggestion that the
party commencing invalidation proceedings must be the proprietor of the trade
mark. The appellant has conceded as much.

35 Similarly, the Registry has held that “any person” may bring opposition
proceedings under s 13(2) of the Act: see Converse Inc v Southern Rubber Works
Sdn Bhd [2015] SGIPOS 11 at [18]; see also Itochu Corporation v Worldwide
Brands, Inc. [2007] SGIPOS 9 at [9]. By parity of reasoning, no locus standi
requirement prevents the respondent from commencing the present invalidation
proceedings under s 23(5) of the Act.

36 By way of observation, I note that the parties also intended not to
differentiate the interests of GAC and the respondent. For example, Exhibit 4
of the 1998 Agreement is titled “Existing Trademarks of GAC”, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1294

while the equivalent Exhibit 3 of the 2012 Agreement refers to the “Existing
Trademarks of GAC/DENTSPLY”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1341.

The parties contemplated that the interests of GAC and Dentsply Sirona
converged in relation to trade marks.

37 I turn now to the proper construction of the 2012 Agreement. As a
preliminary matter, I note that both parties proposed constructions of the
2012 Agreement without pleading elements of Japanese law which, strictly
speaking, governs the 2012 Agreement owing to Art 25 (which states that the
“Agreement shall be governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the
laws of Japan”). 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1335.

In these circumstances, the presumption that foreign law is the same as the
lex fori in the absence of pleading or proof prevails: see OMG Holdings Pte
Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd [2012] 4 SLR 201 at [38].

38 The following terms may be distilled from Art 13 of the 2012 Agreement: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 1329 – 1330.

(a) first, GAC may sell the “Products” under its own brands or tradenames (Art
13.1);

(b) second, GAC shall own all rights to its brand, trade names, trade marks
and trade dress owned by it and Tomy shall claim no rights or interest therein
(Art 13.1);

(c) third, Tomy shall own all rights to trade marks of Tomy, including the
“Tomy” and “Orth-Tomy” marks (referred to as the “Tomy Trademarks”) and GAC
shall claim no rights in these trade marks unless the agreement provides
otherwise (Art 13.1);

(d) fourth, subject to Tomy’s prior approval, GAC shall have a right to use
the “Tomy Trademarks” with respect to the sale and distribution of the
“Products” during the subsistence of the agreement (Art 13.1);

(e) fifth, GAC shall not acquire, through the use of the trade marks, any
right, title or interest in the “Tomy Trademarks” (Art 13.2);

(f) sixth, GAC cannot apply to register the “Tomy Trademarks” or any
confusingly similar mark without Tomy’s prior approval (Art 13.3); and

(g) seventh, neither Tomy nor GAC shall do anything which will impair the
value or validity of either party’s trade marks (Art 13.7).

39 Central to the parties’ dispute is the interpretation of Art 13.4 of the
2012 Agreement, which states: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

13.4 The parties hereby agree that any and all trademark registrations owned
or licensed by GAC or any of its Affiliates as of the Effective Date
(including trademark applications of GAC or its Affiliates pending as of the
Effective Date) regarding the Products (hereinafter referred to as the
“Existing Trademarks”), including but not limited to, those which are
identified on Exhibit 3 attached hereto, will be the property and
responsibility of GAC or its Affiliates. GAC and its Affiliates hereby grant a
non-exclusive and royalty-free license to Tomy to use the Existing Trademarks
in connection with and for the sole purpose of producing and selling the
Products to GAC. This license shall terminate at the time that this Agreement
terminates.

40 It bears highlighting that Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement features three
key changes vis-à-vis the prior agreements:

(a) First, GAC’s grant of a “non-exclusive and royalty-free license to Tomy to
use the Existing Trademarks” is for the “sole purpose of producing and selling
the Products to GAC” [emphasis added]. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

The identification of “GAC” and the insertion of the word “sole” are not found
in the equivalent Art 14.4 of the 2004 and 1998 agreements.

(b) Second, Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement is the first provision that
explicitly refers to the trade marks as “property”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

(c) Third, Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement for the first time provides that the
“Existing Trademarks” “includ[e] but [are] not limited to, those which are
identified in Exhibit 3”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

In contrast, Arts 14.4 of the 2004 Agreement and the 1998 Agreement provide
that Exhibit 4 is exhaustive, utilising the language “all of which are
identified on Exhibit 4”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

41 Art 13.4 also refers to “Existing Trademarks” listed in Exhibit 3, which
includes the Disputed Marks: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1341.

Exhibit 3

Existing Trademarks of GAC/DENTSPLY

REGISTERED TRADEMARKS COVERED TERRITORIES

…

BIOFORCE U.S.

…

MICROARCH U.S., BENELUX, CANADA, FRANCE, ITALY

…

SENTALLOY U.S., BENELUX, CANADA, FRANCE, GERMANY, ITALY, MEXICO, U.K.

…

42 There can be no dispute that the Disputed Marks are the property of GAC or
the respondent in the countries listed in Exhibit 3 above and no question of
the appellant applying to register the marks in the listed countries can
arise. The question is whether GAC’s ownership of the Disputed Marks extends
beyond the listed countries based on a proper construction of Art 13 of the
2012 Agreement. Central to this question is the meaning of the words “Existing
Trademarks” in Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement. On one view (which the
appellant advances), Art 13.4 refers strictly to those trade marks that GAC or
the respondent has registered or has applied to register in the listed
countries. On the other view, the whole agreement and Art 13.4 in particular
cover the Disputed Marks which are not registered. In my judgment, Art 13.4
covers the Disputed Marks which are not registered, for two reasons.

43 First, Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement must be understood in light of Art
14.4 of the 1998 Agreement. A reading of Art 14.4 indicates that it was
intended to achieve at least two objectives. One was to impose an obligation
on GAC to maintain the marks (whether registered or pending registration) at
its own expense. Only registered marks and pending marks which mature to
registration can be renewed. Seen in this light, the reference in the
definition of “Existing Marks” to “trademark registrations” and “trademark
applications” makes sense. Two, was to grant Tomy a non-exclusive license to
use the “Existing Trademarks” for the purpose of producing and selling the
“Products”. In this connection, it has to be borne in mind that the 1998
Agreement demarcated the parties’ zones of control throughout the world such
that GAC could distribute the “Products” exclusively in the “Exclusive
Territory” (all countries other than Japan and the Non-Exclusive Territory)
and non-exclusively in the “Non-Exclusive Territory” (Korea, Taiwan, Thailand
and the Republic of China (including Hong Kong)). 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 1275-1276.

More importantly, the final sentence of Art 14.4 provided that Tomy was not to
“directly or indirectly use any of GAC’s Existing Trademarks for the purpose
of producing and selling the Products in the Non-Exclusive Territory as from
January 1, 2000”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

Registered trade mark rights are territorial in nature. A registration in one
country does not, by itself, provide any rights in another country. “Existing
Trademarks” could not have referred only to those marks listed in Exhibit 4 of
the 1998 Agreement if the final sentence of Art 14.4 was to have any meaning.
If “Existing Trademarks” referred only to those trade marks registered in the
US, Benelux, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico and the UK (as provided in
Exhibit 4, which is identical, in so far as the Disputed Marks are concerned,
to Exhibit 3 of the 2012 Agreement reproduced at [41] above), then there would
have been no need to insert this final sentence into Art 14.4 because the
aforementioned countries did not constitute “Non-Exclusive Territory” (defined
as “Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and the People’s Republic of China (including Hong
Kong)) under Art 1.3 of the 1998 Agreement. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 1275-1276.

To restrict “Existing Trademarks” to the registered and pending marks in the
countries listed would make a nonsense of the last sentence as, contrary to
the express prohibition, Tomy would have been at liberty to sell the
“Products” using all the trade marks listed in Exhibit 4 (including the
Disputed Marks) in the “Non-Exclusive Territory”. The parties could not have
intended such an absurd result. Due regard must be given to the context
surrounding Art 14.4 of the 1998 Agreement for the purposes of understanding
the corresponding Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement.

44 Second, consistent with the parties’ intention for “Existing Trademarks”
under Art 14.4 of the 1998 Agreement to encompass the listed marks that are
not registered, the parties emphasised this aspect of the “Existing
Trademarks” in Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement. As noted at [40(c)] above, Art
13.4 of the 2012 Agreement for the first time provides that the “Existing
Trademarks” “includ[e] but [are] not limited to, those which are identified in
Exhibit 3”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

This represents a departure from the language of Arts 14.4 of the 2004
Agreement and the 1998 Agreement, which provided that the corresponding
Exhibit 4 was an exhaustive list of “Existing Trademarks”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

In doing so, the parties made all the more explicit the intention for
“Existing Trademarks” to cover the listed trade marks (which include the
Disputed Marks) that are not registered. This accompanied another amendment to
Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement (as noted at [40(a)] above) providing that
GAC’s grant of a “non-exclusive and royalty-free license to Tomy to use the
Existing Trademarks” would be for the “sole purpose of producing and selling
the Products to GAC” [emphasis added]. Seen from this perspective, the parties
clearly contemplated that “Existing Trademarks” in Art 13.4 of the 2012
Agreement extended to the listed trade marks (including the Disputed Marks)
which are not registered.

45 My conclusion is consistent with the nature of the parties’ pre-existing
relationship (see [32(g)] supra), which takes into account the fact that the
patents in respect of the Products bearing the Disputed Marks belong to the
respondent. In this regard, the patent licensing clauses provide a useful
point of reference against which the trade mark licensing provisions should be
understood. Specifically, Art 12.1 of the 2012 Agreement states that “GAC
hereby grants to Tomy a non-exclusive, perpetual and royalty-free license to
use [the Existing Patents] on a worldwide basis for any purpose whatsoever.”
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1328.

In contrast, Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement states that “GAC and its
Affiliates hereby grant a non-exclusive and royalty-free license to Tomy to
use the Existing Trademarks in connection with and for the sole purpose of
producing and selling the Products to GAC”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

A comparison of these two provisions reveals that while both parties are
entitled to employ the patented technology “for any purpose whatsoever”, Tomy
may only utilise the patented technology together with the respondent’s trade
marks for the sole purpose of selling the products to GAC (ie, “for the sole
purpose of producing and selling the Products to GAC”). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

This provides a more accurate context for understanding the relationship
between the parties.

46 The “Existing Patents” that are the subject of a license granted by the
respondent to the appellant were actually invented, at least in part, by
Tomy’s personnel. Art 12.1 of the 2012 Agreement states that the “Existing
Patents” are those listed in Exhibit 2 and include “such inventions originally
made by Tomy’s technical personnel”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1328.

Furthermore, Art 12.3 of the 2012 Agreement addresses the ownership of
inventions made by both parties’ employees after the effective date of the
agreement and establishes that the patents would be jointly owned. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1328.

The clause also stipulates that in respect of these subsequent patents,
“neither [party] shall disclose or grant licenses or patents resulting
therefrom without prior written consent of other”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1328.

Accordingly, the parties’ relationship is clearly not one of a straightforward
manufacturer and distributor. Whatever the state of their relationship now,
the parties at the time of the contract intended to collaborate on the
invention of patents. Similarly, Arts 12.3.1 and 12.3.2 provide that Tomy and
GAC will liaise in dealing with matters of patent prosecution, which is
unusual for a typical manufacturer and distributor relationship. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1328.

47 Another peculiarity of the 2012 Agreement resides in Art 4.2, which states
that “if the Products ordered by GAC require any changes in Tomy’s own product
specifications, GAC shall explicitly indicate such requirement in each
Purchase Order so that Tomy may inform GAC of an appropriate delivery date
thereof”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1322.

GAC’s ability to require alterations in Tomy’s product specifications is not
something that a distributor can under normal circumstances request from the
manufacturer.

48 The foregoing stands in contrast with the provisions by which the parties
cross-licensed trade marks. Neither the “Tomy Trademarks” nor the “Existing
Trademarks” are tied to the definition of “Products” under Art 1.1, which
implies that both parties are entitled to sell the “Products” under their own
trade marks. However, while GAC is entitled to use “Tomy Trademarks” with
respect to the “sale and distribution of the Products” under Art 13.1 of the
2012 Agreement, Tomy may only apply the “Existing Trademarks” under Art 13.4
for the “sole purpose of producing and selling the Products to GAC”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

Indeed, the parties specifically inserted the word “sole” before the word
“purpose” in Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement and clarified that GAC alone would
be the recipient of the “Products” (bearing the Disputed Marks) sold and
produced by Tomy. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

The subtle change from the language of Art 14.4 of the 2004 Agreement
emphasises this aspect of the relationship and removes any ambiguity
suggesting otherwise. Given this, the patent and trade mark licensing clauses
collectively indicate that the nature of the parties’ relationship is akin to
one where an original equipment manufacturer (ie, the appellant) makes
products on the instructions of a third party (ie, the respondent).

49 The appellant cannot simply rely on the fact that the respondent is a non-
exclusive distributor under the 2012 Agreement. Identifying GAC as a non-
exclusive distributor simply means that the appellant can sell orthodontic
products in Singapore in competition with the respondent. But that does not
entitle the appellant to attach the Disputed Marks to the “Products” and sell
them in Tomy’s own capacity. That is the respondent’s entitlement. In other
words, the appellant is permitted to utilise the patented technology for
products that it sells in its own capacity, but it is not allowed to use the
Disputed Marks in its own capacity. As alluded to at [48] above, Art 13
(concerning trade marks) is clearly distinct from Art 12 (concerning patents),
and effect must be given to the differences in language of these provisions.

50 There is no merit to the appellant’s assertion that the Disputed Marks come
within the meaning of “Tomy’s Trademarks” in the 2012 Agreement. Although the
appellant asserts that the word “including” has sufficient latitude to
accommodate the Disputed Marks, it does not explain why the Disputed Marks
should fall within the ambit of “Tomy Trademarks” as a matter of contractual
construction. This applies with greater force given that the only two examples
of marks falling within the category of “Tomy Trademarks" are confined to
trade marks with the “Tomy” element (ie, “Tomy” and “Orth-Tomy”). While it is
sensible to categorise “Tomy” and “Orth-Tomy” within the eponymous category of
“Tomy Trademarks”, classifying the Disputed Marks as “Tomy Trademarks”
requires greater explanation. But the appellant has not provided any cogent
explanation to this end. Indeed, the 2012 Agreement shows that the parties
could readily – and actually did – restrict GAC’s rights. For example, Art
13.2 states that “GAC shall not acquire by virtue of … this Agreement …
through the use of said Tomy Trademarks … any right, title or interest of any
nature whatsoever in or to any of Tomy Trademarks”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

Similarly, Art 13.3 states that “GAC shall not apply for or acquire the
registration of Tomy Trademarks or any mark confusingly similar thereto
without obtaining Tomy’s prior written approval”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

If the parties had intended for Tomy to own all the other trade marks apart
from “Tomy” and “Orth-Tomy”, they would have readily stated so in the
provision itself or inserted into the agreement an exhibit similar to Exhibit
3. Yet the parties chose not to limit GAC’s ownership rights and instead
expanded the scope of “Existing Trademarks” by expressly specifying that
Exhibit 3 is not an exhaustive list of GAC’s trade marks (see [44] above). 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

In making this bare assertion that “Tomy Trademarks” cover the Disputed Marks,
the appellant ignores the fact that the parties expressly chose to bifurcate
the categories of “Tomy Trademarks” and “Existing Trademarks” in the 1998
Agreement. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1282-1283.

Taking the appellant’s reasoning to its logical conclusion, nothing would
prevent one from concluding that all the marks listed in Exhibit 3 of the 2012
Agreement constitute “Tomy Trademarks”. That would be absurd given that Tomy
had opted not to insert an exhibit specifying its ownership rights.

51 The evolution of the Agreements supports my conclusion. To reiterate, the
1998 Agreement first established two categories of trade marks, namely the
“Tomy Trademarks” and the “Existing Trademarks”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Bundle of Documents, pp 1282-1283.

The parties intended for Tomy to own the “Tomy Trademarks” and for GAC to own
the “Existing Trademarks”. Exhibit 4 specified the “Existing Trademarks”,
which included the Disputed Marks. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1294.

This bifurcation between “Existing Trademarks” and “Tomy Trademarks” ought to
be given effect. To otherwise accept that the Disputed Marks are “Tomy
Trademarks” would render these categories otiose, and the court should prefer
a construction of the 2012 Agreement that avoids such an outcome.

52 In addition, Art 14.4 of the 1998 Agreement indicates that the respondent
owned the entire trade mark portfolio set out in Exhibit 4. Art 14.4 alludes
to a “Share Transfer Agreement” in which parties were to return shareholdings
that each held in the other. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

As part of this arrangement, GAC transferred shares that it held in the
appellant, while the appellant transferred to the respondent shares that it
owned in GAC. This decoupling of entities accompanied an exercise under Art
14.4 of the 1998 Agreement requiring GAC and/or the respondent to transfer any
trade marks within the category of “Existing Trademarks” containing the name
of Tomy or the logo of “Orth-Tomy” to the appellant by way of the
aforementioned Share Transfer Agreement. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

An examination of Exhibit 4 of the 1998 Agreement further confirms this view.
The “Ortho Tomy” mark is listed as an “Existing Trademark of GAC” in Exhibit 4
of the 1998 Agreement. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1294.

Yet this mark is noticeably absent from the corresponding Exhibit 3 of the
2012 Agreement. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1341.

I do note that the “Ortho Tomy” mark in Exhibit 4 is slightly different from
the “Orth-Tomy” mark mentioned in Art 14.4 of the 1998 Agreement. Regardless
of whether this was a typographical error or otherwise, it does not change the
analysis that the respondent owned the entire trade mark portfolio set out in
Exhibit 4 of the 1998 Agreement. If ownership of a trade mark bearing the
“Tomy” element (ie, “Orth-Tomy”) had originally belonged to GAC and not Tomy,
then I cannot see how the Subject Marks – which do not contain the “Tomy”
element and are listed in Exhibit 4 of the 1998 – belonged to Tomy.

53 It bears emphasising that the only transaction of trade marks under the
Share Transfer Agreement alluded to in the 1998 Agreement was the transfer of
“Tomy Trademarks” from the respondent to the appellant. However, Art 14.4 does
not specify the transfer of the Disputed Marks. If the parties intended for
the Disputed Marks to vest in the appellant (as the appellant so argues), then
they would have made this clear in the 1998 Agreement or in any of the
subsequent agreements. But this is simply not the case. As such, Tomy’s
assertion that the Disputed Marks fall into the category of “Tomy Trademarks”
is unsustainable.

54 Perhaps most importantly, Tomy’s license to use the Disputed Marks under
the 1998 Agreement terminated on 1 January 2000. Under Art 14.4 of the 1998
Agreement, GAC granted “a non-exclusive and royalty-free license to Tomy to
use the Existing Trademarks in connection with and for the purpose of
producing and selling the Products”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

It was agreed that this license would terminate at the time that the Agreement
terminated, and likewise GAC was required to discontinue or cause to be
discontinued the use of the “Tomy Trademarks” upon the expiration or
termination of the Agreement. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

However, the parties agreed to an additional constraint on Tomy such that it
was not to “directly or indirectly use any of the Existing Trademarks for the
purpose of producing and selling the Products in the Non-Exclusive Territory
as from January 1, 2000”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1283.

Therefore, from 1 January 2000 onwards, only GAC was entitled to use the
Disputed Marks anywhere in the world. This is consistent with the
Adjudicator’s finding that there was no evidence of Tomy’s use of the Disputed
Marks in Singapore after 1998: see [48] – [50] of the Decision. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Bundle of Documents, p 3147.

55 Venturing even further back in time, I find that the 1986 Agreement
bolsters my conclusion. At the very outset, it was GAC and not Tomy that had
the option of registering the “Tomy” and “Orth-Tomy” trade marks anywhere in
the world. Clause 11 of the 1986 Agreement states:

11\. Trade Name. Tomy Products purchased by GAC hereunder shall be sold under
the trademark of ‘Tomy’ or ‘Orth-Tomy.’ GAC shall have the right to use such
names and trademark and, at its option, may register them as a trade name or
trademark. GAC shall use the name ‘Tomy’ or ‘Orth-Tomy’ in all advertisements
and catalogs when referring to Tomy Products manufactured by Tomy.

Given that ownership of trade marks bearing the “Tomy” element originally
belonged to GAC and not Tomy, I find it difficult to accept that the Subject
Marks – which do not contain the “Tomy” element – belonged to Tomy rather than
GAC.

56 Even assuming for the sake of argument that Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement
refers only to trade marks registered in the countries listed in Exhibit 3
(which I do not accept), I am of the view that this does not divest the
respondent of ownership rights in respect of marks not registered because Art
13 must be read in its entirety. In particular, Art 13.1 of the 2012 Agreement
clearly contemplates GAC’s ownership of trade marks. The provision states that
“GAC shall own all rights to its brand, tradename, trademarks and trade dress
owned by it and Tomy shall claim no rights or interest therein”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

Viewed from this angle, Exhibit 3 does not simply address registered or
pending trade marks, but has a wider import and purpose of reflecting GAC’s
ownership rights. Since the Disputed Marks are listed in Exhibit 3, they
would, in any event, constitute “trademarks … owned by “GAC” under Art 13.1 of
the 2012 Agreement.

57 Finally, the Adjudicator was correct to accord minimal weight to evidence
in relation to the first use and registration of the Disputed Marks, for two
reasons.

58 First, the appellant’s reliance on its prior registration of the Disputed
Marks in Singapore is premised on circular reasoning and does nothing to
advance its case. There is no doubt that a registered trade mark is personal
property: see ss 4(1) and 36 of the Act. But where the court is tasked to
ascertain the propriety of an act of registration pursuant to s 7(6) of the
Act, it would be manifestly illogical to allow the appellant to prove that its
registration of the Disputed Marks was in good faith on the basis of its prior
registrations.

59 Second, the appellant wrongly assumes that the common law position in Weir
Warman at [76] ([27(b)] supra) that the “first user of the mark in Singapore
is the true owner of the mark” can assist the court’s determination of the
issue of ownership even given the existence of a contract. As the High Court
observed in Weir Warman at [77], “the common law position on the
proprietorship of a trade mark is merely the default position that applies in
the absence of any contractual agreements between parties assigning or
stipulating for the right to register a trade mark.” Similarly, the authors of
Neil J Wilkof & Daniel Burkitt, Trade Mark Licensing (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed,
2005) remark at para 7-50, “the question of proprietorship of a trademark as
between the manufacturer and an exclusive distributor is first and foremost a
matter of agreement between the parties.” Since the 2012 Agreement clearly
designates ownership of the Disputed Marks, it is clear that evidence of first
use in Singapore affords no utility in the determination of ownership and bad
faith. This inquiry into prior use and registration merely distracts from the
material contentions in this dispute.

60 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that ownership of the Disputed
Marks vests in GAC and/or the respondent. Having dealt with ownership, I turn
now to examine whether the appellant’s registration of the Subject Marks
notwithstanding the respondent’s ownership of the trade marks was done in bad
faith.

61 Applying the subjective component of the “combined” test articulated at
[32(c)] above, I find that the appellant registered the Subject Marks on 22
January 2013 knowing that it was not entitled to do so without first
consulting GAC or the respondent. In particular, Art 13.6 states that
“[n]either Tomy nor GAC shall directly or indirectly do anything which is
likely to impair the value or validity of any of the other party’s
trademarks”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1330.

Art 13.1 also states that “GAC shall own all rights to its brand, tradename,
trademarks and trade dress owned by it and Tomy shall claim no rights or
interest therein”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

These provisions clearly illustrate that the parties mutually understood that
GAC owned the rights to the Disputed Marks. By registering the trade marks,
the appellant knew that it would breach Arts 13.1 and 13.6 of the 2012
Agreement.

62 The appellant’s own prior conduct is entirely consistent with its knowledge
of its obligations under the 2012 Agreement. In particular, the appellant did
not register the Disputed Marks while the 1986 Agreement, the 1998 Agreement
or the 2004 Agreement subsisted. Only several months after the signing of the
2012 Agreement did the respondent suddenly register the Disputed Marks in
Singapore. Yet each agreement identified each party’s trade marks with
progressively greater specificity. Notably, Art 13.4 of the 2012 Agreement
also introduced the concept of the trade marks being “property”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Bundle of Documents, p 1329.

As such, the concept of property ownership in the trade marks (including the
Disputed Marks) was front and centre in the minds of the parties at the time
they signed the 2012 Agreement. Given the parties’ five-decade-long
relationship, the respondent cannot now deny knowledge of its obligations
under the Agreements and, in particular, the 2012 Agreement. In totality, the
proper construction of the contract, the prior agreements, and the parties’
pre-existing relationship all lead to the conclusion that the appellant knew
that it was not entitled to register the Disputed Marks. As Prof Susanna Leong
observes in Susanna Leong, Intellectual Property Law of Singapore (Review
Publishing, 2013) (“IP Law”) at para 28.264 that in cases “where ownership or
proprietorship of the trade mark is an issue, the applicant is usually aware
of the existence of a third party’s rights as the rightful owner”.

63 With regard to the objective component of the test for bad faith, I find
that the appellant’s registration of the Disputed Marks falls outside the
scope of acceptable commercial behaviour observed by reasonable and
experienced persons. In this respect, I agree with the Adjudicator that the
appellant’s conduct was akin to trade mark hijacking. Prof Leong remarks in IP
Law at para 28.263:

28.263 A recognised instance of bad faith is where the applicant attempts by
means of registration to seize the trade mark of a third party when the mark
does not rightfully belong to the applicant.

For example, when the applicant tries to register a trade mark of a third
party with whom he has or has had a contractual or pre-contractual
relationship; or when the applicant attempts to register a trade mark of a
competitor, a former employee, an agent or distributor, a licensee or a
business partner.

64 Likewise, the appellant’s actions fell outside the scope of acceptable
commercial behaviour because it registered marks belonging to its business
partner with whom it has a contractual relationship. This applies a fortiori
in a situation such as the present one where the contract itself provides that
ownership of the trade marks belongs to the respondent.

Conclusion

65 For these reasons, I find that the Adjudicator did not err in holding that
the appellant registered the Subject Marks in bad faith pursuant to s 7(6)
read with s 23(1) of the Act. In light of my finding in respect of bad faith,
I also find it unnecessary to decide the remaining grounds of invalidation
raised by the respondent.

66 The appeal is dismissed. The respondent is entitled to its costs.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judicial Commissioner

Foo Maw Jiun, Desmond Chew and Lee Ai Ming (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the appellant;  
Suhaimi bin Lazim and Khoo Lih-Han (Mirandah Law LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

