Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 104

Suit No 326 of 2018

Between

(1)| Tembusu Growth Fund II Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Tembusu Investment Management Co., Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Yee Fook Khong  
---|---  
(2)| Tan Chin Loke Eugene  
  
… Defendants

Between

Yee Fook Khong  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

(1)| Tembusu Growth Fund II Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Tembusu Investment Management Co., Ltd  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

judgment

[Contract] — [Breach] — [Remoteness of damages]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Rules of construction]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Express terms]

[Equity] — [Estoppel] — [Promissory estoppel]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tembusu Growth Fund II Ltd and another

  

v

  

Yee Fook Khong and another

[2020] SGHC 104

High Court — Suit No 326 of 2018  
Ang Cheng Hock J  
19–23 August, 28 November 2019, 10 January 2020

20 May 2020 Judgment reserved.

Ang Cheng Hock J:

1 This case arises from an investment made in a business in China and the
arrangements made between the parties for the investor to realise his
investment. Parties entered into a series of agreements to facilitate the
investor’s exit, but disputes have arisen as to what parties’ obligations
actually entail. The issues that are raised before me include questions as to
contractual interpretation, promissory estoppel, causation of loss and
remoteness of damages.

Facts

The parties

2 The first plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated private equity fund in the
business of investing in companies across Asia. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of Andy Lim dated 28 June 2019 (“AL”)
at [3].

It is managed by Tembusu Partners Pte Ltd (“Tembusu”). Andy Lim (“Mr Lim”) is
the Chairman of Tembusu and also a member of its investment committee. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AL at [1].

3 The second plaintiff is a China-incorporated company in the business of
providing consulting services. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AL at [5].

It is wholly owned by Tembusu. The second plaintiff and its employees also
help to manage and oversee the first plaintiff’s investments in China.

4 The first defendant is an entrepreneur who has various interests in online
media companies in Hong Kong and China. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Yee Fook Khong dated 27 June 2019 (“YFK”) at [1.2.4].

He is the founder of OOB Media HK Ltd (“OOB HK”), a company incorporated in
Hong Kong. He is the sole director and holder of 96% of the share capital of
OOB HK.

5 OOB HK is an investment holding company and has an associated company
incorporated in China known as OOB Media (Sichuan) Co., Ltd (“OOB Sichuan”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

YFK at [1.2.5].

OOB Sichuan is listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations
(“NEEQ”) exchange in Beijing, China. OOB HK holds shares in OOB Sichuan
through its wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in China known as Tone Rich
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd (“Tone Rich”).

6 The second defendant is the Chief Executive Officer of Metro Education Pte
Ltd (“Metro”), a Singapore-incorporated company that is in the business of
providing tertiary education services in China. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Tan Chin Loke Eugene dated 1 July 2019 (“TCLE”) at [2.1].

The second defendant is the registered owner of about 33% of the total share
capital in Metro, of which 13.8% of the total share capital is held on trust
for the first defendant. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

YFK at [1.2.7(c)].

The second defendant is a party to this action only because he signed an
agreement where he agreed to a charge of the first defendant’s 13.8%
beneficial shareholding in Metro as security for the latter’s payment
obligations.

Background to the dispute

7 From 2012 to 2014, the first plaintiff invested in OOB HK pursuant to a
subscription agreement, which was later supplemented, and eventually became an
approximately 38.64% shareholder in OOB HK. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

YFK at [2.1.4].

Then, on 28 January 2014, the first plaintiff entered into a Convertible Loan
Agreement with OOB HK (the “Convertible Loan Agreement”), under which the
first plaintiff provided a loan of RMB 5 million to OOB HK with a maturity
period of 12 months. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

YFK at [3.1.1].

The Convertible Loan Agreement provided that the first plaintiff could elect
to convert the loan of RMB 5 million into shares of OOB HK, at a pre-agreed
valuation, by 31 March 2014. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

YFK at [3.1.3]

Failing such conversion, OOB HK was required to repay the loan and accrued
interest to the first plaintiff by the stipulated repayment date of 12 months
from 28 January 2014. As it transpired, the first plaintiff elected not to
convert the loan into equity, but OOB HK did not repay the loan and accrued
interest by the due date. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

YFK at [3.1.5].

No explanation was provided for why OOB HK failed to make repayment of the
loan.

8 Pursuant to an agreement in Chinese titled “Entrusted Shareholding
Agreement” dated 15 June 2015, it was agreed that the first plaintiff’s 38.64%
shareholding in OOB HK would be converted to a proportionately equivalent
amount of shares in OOB Sichuan. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

YFK at [3.2].

In this way, the first plaintiff’s shareholding in OOB HK was “transferred” to
a shareholding in OOB Sichuan. The first plaintiff’s shares in OOB Sichuan
were held by the second plaintiff. OOB Sichuan was listed on the NEEQ in
September 2015.

9 On 12 October 2015, the first plaintiff and the first defendant entered into
a “Share Transfer Agreement”, under which the first defendant agreed to buy
90% of the second plaintiff’s shareholding in OOB Sichuan for the sum of S$10
million, payable in RMB at the equivalent exchange rate. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

YFK at [3.3].

It is not in dispute that this agreement was not performed.

10 On 24 June 2016, the first plaintiff and OOB HK signed a Loan Extension
Agreement to extend the payment deadline of the RMB 5 million and accrued
interest due to the first plaintiff from OOB HK to 31 December 2016 (the “Loan
Extension Agreement”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

YFK at [3.4].

The Loan Extension Agreement was signed because of OOB HK’s continued failure
to pay back the RMB 5 million loan owing under the Convertible Loan Agreement.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

YFK at [3.4.1].

The Loan Extension Agreement also provided for the interest rate to be
increased to 20% per annum in the event that payment was not made by the
extended deadline.

11 By December 2016, OOB HK had still not paid the sums due to the first
plaintiff under the Convertible Loan Agreement, as amended by the Loan
Extension Agreement. On 16 December 2016, the second plaintiff and the first
defendant entered into another agreement titled the “Shares Sale and Purchase
Agreement” (“the SSP Agreement”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

YFK at [3.5].

Under this agreement, the second plaintiff agreed to sell its shares in OOB
Sichuan to the first defendant for the sum of S$10 million. These shares were
held by the second plaintiff on behalf of the first plaintiff. The sum of S$10
million was broken down into instalments to be paid in RMB at monthly
intervals throughout 2017, with a further sizable payment of S$4.41 million,
being the last instalment, due before 25 December 2017. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Annexure A to the SSP Agreement.

It was provided in the SSP Agreement that this instalment of S$4.41 million
was made up of “the balance payment of the SGD 10mn, purchase price of shares
+ RMB 5mn, loan + interest”.

12 It was also provided at clauses 4 and 5 of the SSP Agreement respectively
as follows:

4\. The shares are effectively sold to the purchaser with the signing of the
agreement and the seller agrees to effect and do everything needed to
officially transfer the shares when given notice to do so by the purchaser.

[and]

5\. The purchaser will charge the shares back to Tembusu once the share
transfers are registered and they will remain charged until such time those
shares are paid in full.

13 The reason given by the first defendant for these clauses was that he had
told the plaintiffs that he needed all the second plaintiff’s shares in OOB
Sichuan in order to use them as collateral to raise funding to make payment to
the plaintiffs. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

YFK at [3.5.5].

However, at the same time, the plaintiffs were not willing to make an outright
transfer because they would then lose their security for the repayment. Hence,
the mechanism as set out in clauses 4 and 5 was agreed to in the SSP
Agreement. It also bears noting that there is an acceleration clause in that
agreement (at clause 6), which provides for all the instalment payments to
become due and payable immediately upon default of any instalment payment.

14 In all, the first defendant made 9 separate payments to the second
plaintiff from December 2016 to August 2017. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

YFK at [3.6.14].

All, except for the first payment of RMB 50,000, fell substantially short of
the amount due under each instalment as provided for in the SSP Agreement. The
parties are at loggerheads as to who is at fault for these short payments, and
whether the second plaintiff was in breach of the SSP Agreement by failing to
transfer all its shares in OOB Sichuan to the first defendant as required by
clause 4 of that agreement. The details of the opposing positions of the
parties will be dealt with later in the course of this judgment.

15 On 7 July 2017, the plaintiff’s Chinese lawyers sent a letter to the first
defendant demanding payment of the sum of RMB 10,375,000, being the amount
allegedly then due to the plaintiffs. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at p 235.

In response, the first defendant made five separate payments to the second
plaintiff totalling the sum of RMB 1 million. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB at pp 238 to 248.

16 In late August and early September 2017, the parties, including the second
defendant, met to negotiate the terms of a new agreement. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

YFK at [3.9.3]

This was at the insistence of the plaintiffs. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See P4, and Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 64, Lines 5 to 12.

The first defendant was asked to provide a payment schedule that would reflect
a realistic possibility of compliance. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AL at [74].

While negotiations were in progress, OOB Sichuan shares were suspended from
trading on the NEEQ on 11 September 2017 at the request of the first
defendant. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 from Page 92, Line 13 to Page 93, Line 13.

The suspension was lifted only on 29 December 2017. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 93, Line 1.

17 Eventually, the plaintiffs and defendants entered into an agreement, which
was called a “Term Sheet” dated 20 September 2017 (the “Term Sheet”). It was
not disputed that the agreement was executed in counterparts in Singapore and
China on that date and that the parties did not physically meet to sign the
agreement. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 90, Lines 6 to 8.

18 Under the Term Sheet, the first defendant agreed to pay the plaintiffs the
amount of RMB 33,375,000 plus S$4.41 million in instalments as it had already
agreed to purchase the shares in OOB Sichuan from the second plaintiff. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB at p 263.

A schedule was annexed to the Term Sheet and set out the instalments payable
at monthly intervals starting on 30 September 2017 and ending on 30 December
2018. The monthly instalments ranged from RMB 500,000 to RMB 7 million, with
many of the instalments being in the amount of RMB 1 million. The last
instalment was the sum of RMB 10,875,000 plus S$4.41 million. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NB this is the sum of RMB 11,375,000 plus S$4.41 million, subtracting RMB
500,000 for the deposit.

19 It was also provided under the Term Sheet that the defendants agreed to a
charge being created over the first defendant’s 13.8% shareholding in Metro,
which was held on trust by the second defendant, to secure payment of the
“Outstanding Amount”. This was defined as the amount due at any time under the
schedule of instalment payments in Annex A to the Term Sheet. The Outstanding
Amount would be immediately due and payable to the plaintiffs if the payment
schedule was not adhered to.

20 After the execution of the Term Sheet, the first defendant made payment of
the first two instalments in September and October 2017. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB at pp 268 to 270.

Thereafter, he made payment of RMB 500,000 on 29 November 2017, RMB 100,000 on
5 January 2018, RMB 14,781 (a late interest payment) on 1 February 2018 and
RMB 50,000 on 14 February 2018. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB at pp 276 to 283.

All these payments from November 2017 to February 2018 fell significantly
short of the instalment amounts that were due under the payment schedule in
the Term Sheet.

21 On 28 February 2018, the plaintiffs’ Singapore lawyers sent a letter to the
first defendant to demand payment of the amounts of RMB 30,275,000 and S$4.41
million, which sums were said to add up to the Outstanding Amount due from the
first defendant. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Exhibit AL-13.

The second defendant was copied on this letter. Following this, the first
defendant made payments to the second defendant of RMB 100,000 on 23 March
2018 and RMB 100,000 on 4 April 2018.

22 On 29 March 2018, the plaintiffs commenced these proceedings against the
defendants. The plaintiffs claim payment of RMB 30,025,000 and S$4.41 million
from the first defendant. Against both defendants, the plaintiffs seek an
order that they “deliver up” the first defendant’s 13.8% shareholding in
Metro. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at [37(3)].

The parties’ cases

23 The plaintiffs’ case is that the first defendant has breached the Term
Sheet by not making payment of the instalments in accordance with the
schedule. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1).

As a consequence of this default, the Outstanding Amount under the Term Sheet
is now due from the first defendant.

24 Against the first and second defendants, the plaintiffs claim that, by
virtue of the agreement to charge the first defendant’s 13.8% of the share
capital of Metro to the plaintiffs, the defendants are now obliged to “deliver
up” the said shares to the plaintiffs.

25 The defendants have raised two defences to the claim. The first is that the
first defendant does not have to pay the instalments under the schedule to the
Term Sheet because the plaintiffs have not transferred all the OOB Sichuan
shares held by the second plaintiff to the first defendant. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

YFK at [1.3.2(b)].

In other words, the transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares is a condition
precedent to the first defendant’s payment obligations. The Term Sheet merely
has the effect of varying the SSP Agreement by adjusting the quantum and
timing of the instalments, but does not do away with the plaintiffs’
obligation under clause 4 of that agreement to first transfer all its OOB
Sichuan shares to the first defendant. The defendants describe this defence as
the “variation defence”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at [4.3].

26 The second defence is based on promissory estoppel (the “estoppel
defence”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

YFK at [1.3.2(a)].

The defendants allege that, on the day of the signing of the Term Sheet, that
is, 20 September 2017, the second plaintiff’s representatives verbally assured
the defendants that the provisions of the Term Sheet would not be enforced
against them. According to the defendants, they were told that the Term Sheet
was entered into simply to provide Tembusu’s investment committee with
“additional comfort”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Bundle of Pleadings at p 26.

27 I should mention at this point that, even though the defendants described
their case as being “twofold” in their closing submissions, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DCS at [2.1.2].

three defences – the “variation defence”, the “estoppel defence”, and the
“incorporation defence” – were referred to in their reply closing submissions.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendants’ Reply Closing Submissions (“DRCS”) at [3], [4], and [5].

On a closer reading, it appears that the “incorporation defence” is in effect
an argument that the plaintiff remains bound by clause 4 of the SSP Agreement,
and therefore has the same effect as the “variation defence” outlined at [25]
above. The chief distinction between the “incorporation defence” and the
“variation defence” is on how clause 4 of the SSP Agreement continues to bind
the plaintiffs, and it is therefore unsurprising that, in the defendants’ own
closing submissions, what eventually morphed into the separate “incorporation
defence” was initially merely a subset of the “variation defence”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DCS at [4.4].

Given that both the “incorporation defence” and “variation defence” rely on
the continued operation of clause 4 of the SSP Agreement, I will address them
together below when dealing with the obligations under the Term Sheet.

28 The first defendant also raises a counterclaim against the plaintiffs. He
seeks an order that the OOB Sichuan shares be transferred to him from the
plaintiffs in accordance with clause 4 of the SSP Agreement. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) from [25] to [27].

Additionally, he claims that the plaintiffs’ failure to transfer the OOB
Sichuan shares to him has resulted in him suffering loss in the form of lost
profits. This is because, had the shares been transferred to him, then, as the
majority shareholder of OOB Sichuan, he would have been in a position to
negotiate a trade sale of OOB Sichuan and made a profit from the sale. In
terms of quantum of damages, the first defendant claims that the plaintiffs
are liable to him in the amount of RMB 63.18 million, or in the alternative,
RMB 16.51 million. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DCS at [7.5.5].

29 In reply, the plaintiffs’ case is that the Term Sheet “supersedes and
amalgamates” the parties’ various obligations under the previous agreements,
including the SSP Agreement. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [86] to [88].

The Term Sheet did not include an obligation for the plaintiffs to transfer
their OOB Sichuan shares to the first defendant before payments fall due from
him under the payment schedule. The plaintiffs’ position is that they will
voluntarily effect the transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares after they have
received full payment of the total Outstanding Amount as set out in the Term
Sheet. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS at [137].

30 The plaintiffs also deny that they had made any promises or assurances to
the defendants that the Term Sheet would not be enforced against them.

31 As for the first defendant’s counterclaim, the plaintiffs argue that the
Term Sheet had superseded clause 4 of the SSP Agreement, and further contend
that there was no “genuine agreement, understanding or ability by the 1st
Defendant to embark on the trade sale”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at [29A] and [30].

As such, the plaintiffs deny that they can be liable for any loss of profits
allegedly suffered by the first defendant.

Issues

32 From the parties’ respective cases, it is clear that I have to decide the
following issues.

33 First, I have to decide whether the first defendant has breached the Term
Sheet in failing to make the instalment payments set out in its payment
schedule. In deciding this issue, I will also have to consider the validity of
the defendants’ response to the allegation of breach of contract, that is,
whether the plaintiffs have an obligation to transfer their OOB Sichuan shares
to the first defendant before he is obliged to make payment in accordance the
Term Sheet’s payment schedule. In other words, were the plaintiffs required to
comply with a condition precedent to the first defendant’s payment
obligations?

34 Second, I have to decide whether the plaintiffs are estopped from enforcing
the Term Sheet against the defendants. This includes the question of whether
the plaintiffs are estopped from insisting on the Metro shares, belonging
beneficially to the first defendant, being handed over to them.

35 Third, I have to decide whether the first defendant’s counterclaim against
the plaintiffs for loss of profits should be allowed, and if so, for how much.

36 It is to these issues that I now turn.

The obligations under the Term Sheet

Legal principles on contractual interpretation

37 The Court of Appeal observed in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich”)
at [1] that the primary task of the Court when interpreting contractual terms
is to “give effect to the parties’ intentions objectively in the face of
conflicting subjective interpretations advanced by ingenious counsel”.
Specifically, the Court of Appeal accepted at [131] a number of “canons and
techniques of contractual interpretation”. Two such canons referred to (at
[131] of Zurich) are particularly apposite in the present case:

[…]

The contextual dimension

Fourthly, the exercise in construction is informed by the surrounding
circumstances or external context. Modern judges are prepared to look beyond
the four corners of a document, or the bare words of an utterance. It is
permissible to have regard to the legal, regulatory, and factual matrix which
constitutes the background in which the document was drafted or the utterance
was made.

Business purpose

Fifthly, within this framework due consideration is given to the commercial
purpose of the transaction or provision. The courts have regard to the overall
purpose of the parties with respect to a particular transaction, or more
narrowly the reason why a particular obligation was undertaken.

[Emphasis in original].

38 The role of the contextual background in contractual interpretation was
further elucidated by the Court of Appeal in Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup
Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway
Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187. At [32], the Court of Appeal observed that
the text of the contract should be the “first port of call” in interpreting
contractual terms. However, where there exist rival meanings applicable to the
text, the Court of Appeal at [30] endorsed its earlier decision in Fairview
Developments Pte Ltd v Ong & Ong Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 318 at [47] that:

…the court must, in carrying out its role of giving effect to the objective
intentions of the contracting parties, consider the relevant contractual,
contextual and commercial background against which the document containing the
disputed words and phrases came about. …

39 The upshot of these oft-cited cases is that when the court interprets the
terms of a contract, proper contextual background to the contract is of
central importance, particularly where the contractual terms are open to
multiple interpretations. This is all the more so in a contract between
commercial parties for a “commercial purpose” (see [37] above).

40 On the instant facts, the Term Sheet does not expressly address the issue
of whether or not clause 4 of the SSP Agreement persists and continues to be
binding on its terms, or if it has been modified in scope or meaning. Those
specific questions are left unanswered. In the circumstances, it is the
contextual background to the contract which may illuminate those issues, and
it is to that which I now turn.

The contextual background to the Term Sheet

41 In determining whether the parties had intended for the plaintiffs’ OOB
Sichuan shares to be transferred to the first defendant as a necessary pre-
condition that had to be satisfied before the first defendant had any
obligation to make payment to the plaintiffs, a consideration of the key
events leading to the execution of the Term Sheet is required. This is so that
one can better understand the contextual background to the Term Sheet, and
thereby ascertain, objectively, the intentions of the parties.

42 There is no real dispute that the first defendant had defaulted in his
obligation to repay the loan of RMB 5 million and accrued interest to the
first plaintiff. This was a long-overdue obligation, as can be seen by the
fact that the Convertible Loan Agreement required full payment by OOB HK by
January 2015, and there having been a default on payment all the way until one
and a half years later in June 2016, when the parties executed the Loan
Extension Agreement. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB at p 165.

This Loan Extension Agreement extended the time for full repayment to the end
of 2016. The repayment obligation was not an obligation owed solely by OOB HK
to repay the loan to the first plaintiff. The first defendant had provided a
guarantee to the first plaintiff to secure the payment obligations of OOB HK.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AB at pp 80 to 96. See also AL at [45] to [48].

Hence, a key consideration when one examines the reasons for the SSP Agreement
and the later Term Sheet is that the first defendant was himself bound to
repay OOB HK’s loan to the first plaintiff.

43 The next point of note is that parties were looking for a way for the
plaintiffs to exit the investment in the first defendant’s business. The first
defendant is a private equity fund with a limited duration and it must have
impressed upon the first defendant the need for it to realise its investment
within a specified period of time. Indeed, the first defendant admitted that
he knew that the first plaintiff had a “limited lifespan” as a fund, and that
he was aware that the first plaintiff was seeking an “exit strategy” to
achieve returns on its investments. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

YFK at [3.3.5].

Hence, in order for the plaintiffs to exit the investment in the first
defendant’s business, the first plaintiff’s shareholding in OOB HK was, by the
Entrusted Shareholding Agreement of June 2015, effectively converted into an
equivalent amount of shares in OOB Sichuan, which at that time was shortly to
be publicly listed on the NEEQ. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AB at p 157.

Not only that, by the parties entering into the Share Transfer Agreement of 12
October 2015, it is clear that the first defendant had agreed to facilitate
the first plaintiff’s exit by buying its stake in OOB Sichuan for the amount
of S$10 million. However, this sale did not take place. The reasons for this
were never fully explored at the trial. But, at the same time, it is not
disputed that neither OOB HK nor the first defendant made payment of the
amount due to the first plaintiff under the Convertible Loan Agreement, which
then led to the Loan Extension Agreement being signed in June 2016.

44 It was under these circumstances that the parties entered into the SSP
Agreement, which provided for the first defendant to buy the plaintiffs’ OOB
Sichuan shares at the price of S$10 million and also to repay the loan of RMB
5 million and the accrued interest on this loan. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB at p 169.

The payment was to be in instalments. The key provision in this agreement is
clause 4, which requires the second plaintiff to transfer all the OOB Sichuan
shares to the first defendant upon the latter giving notice for such transfer.
Parties are in agreement as to the reason for this clause. Specifically, the
first defendant had informed the plaintiffs that he needed them to transfer
all their OOB Sichuan shares to him so that he could use them as collateral to
raise funding to pay the amounts due to the plaintiffs. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AL at [42].

The plaintiffs were willing to agree to such a transfer, but at the same time,
they wanted security over the OOB Sichuan shares transferred to the first
defendant until the amounts due to them were paid in full. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript of 19 August 2019 from Page 106, Line 24 to Page 107, Line 12.

Hence, clause 5 of the SSP Agreement required the first defendant to charge
the transferred OOB Sichuan shares back to the plaintiffs to secure his
payment obligations.

45 What then transpired between the parties in relation to the OOB Sichuan
shares held by the second plaintiff is key to the question of the proper
interpretation of the obligations set out in the Term Sheet.

46 Less than two weeks after the execution of the SSP Agreement, the first
defendant sent an email on 30 December 2016 to the plaintiffs’
representatives, Ding Zheng Wu (“Mr Ding”), Caleb Wong (“Mr Wong”) and Mr Lim,
to inform them that he had paid RMB 50,000 as the first instalment required
under the agreement, and he asked the plaintiffs to “effect the share
transfer”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB at p 173.

The first defendant argues that this is the notice under clause 4 of the SSP
Agreement, which in turn obligates the plaintiffs to transfer their OOB
Sichuan shares to him.

47 Mr Lim’s evidence is that he did not regard this as the notice envisaged by
clause 4. According to him, this was not an “official notice”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript of 19 August 2019 at Page 85, Lines 16 to 18.

However, Mr Ding, who was at the material times the general manager of the
second plaintiff, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AEIC of Ding Zheng Wu (“DJW”) at [1].

agreed under cross-examination that this email of 30 December 2016 triggered
the plaintiffs’ obligation to transfer the OOB Sichuan shares.

48 I accept the defendants’ position that this email of 30 December 2016
constitutes the notice required by clause 4 of the SSP Agreement to be given
by the first defendant for the transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares. There is no
particular form of notice required by the clause, and I therefore cannot
accept Mr Lim’s evidence that “official notice” was needed, whatever that
meant. In any event, Mr Ding conceded that he regarded the email as the notice
required by clause 4, and that the plaintiffs were prepared to carry out the
transfer as mandated by that clause. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 65, Lines 15 to 21.

49 I now come to the reasons the transfer did not take place. As already
mentioned, the OOB Sichuan shares were listed on the NEEQ. For the plaintiffs
to transfer the shares to the first defendant, the first defendant has to have
a securities account to receive those shares. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript of 19 August 2019 at Page 86, Lines 3 to 9. See also AEIC of Cheng
Bo (“CB”) at CB-1, p 20, [18]. NB: While the first defendant referred to such
an account as a “brokerage account” when under cross-examination, the
defendants’ expert witnesses specifically used the term “securities account”,
and the translation provided at p 23 of the AEIC of Dong Wenhao (“DWH”) of the
NEEQ Regulations at Arts 74 to 78 refers to a “securities account” instead of
a “brokerage account”.

He must make payment for those shares from that securities account to the
transferor’s securities account. It is common ground that these are NEEQ
requirements. Hence, the first defendant had to provide the plaintiffs with
his intended recipient account details, and the payment that would correspond
with the shares being transferred. The information about the payment would
determine the price at which the transaction was recorded as being transacted
in the market.

50 As would be immediately apparent, the terms of the SSP Agreement did not
cater for these NEEQ requirements. It required a transfer of all of the OOB
Sichuan shares without any corresponding payment. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SSP Agreement at Clause 4.

The first defendant was then required to make the payments in accordance with
the payment schedule in the agreement. Simply put, while the agreement
provided for the shares to be sold to the first defendant, the method of
transfer and how the NEEQ requirements were to be satisfied were all left
unstated.

51 Mr Ding’s evidence was that he was waiting for the first defendant’s
instructions as to how the transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares would be
effected. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 from Page 66, Line 23 to Page 67, Line 25.

He contended that the first defendant had to tell the plaintiffs about the
recipient account details, but had not done so. Also, and more critically, the
first defendant did not want the plaintiffs to transfer all the shares
immediately, without any payment, because that would be reported in the market
as a transfer at “zero consideration” and might cause the share price of OOB
Sichuan to collapse. As such, Mr Ding explained that the first defendant told
the plaintiffs not to carry out the share transfer until he instructed them to
do so. The first defendant was thinking of a solution to get the shares
transferred without affecting the share price in the market. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 66 Lines 10 to 14.

According to Mr Ding, it was the first defendant’s choice as to how the share
transfer was priced and the plaintiffs were simply waiting for Mr Ding’s
instructions as to the transfer. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 90, Lines 13 to 17, see also Page 70,
Lines 19 to 23.

52 On the first defendant’s instructions, two trades were executed for OOB
Sichuan shares after the SSP Agreement. In January 2017, the first defendant
asked for the transfer of 7,000 shares to him from the second plaintiff and
paid the sum of RMB 525,000. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DJW at [15].

This trade was carried out on 26 January 2017 and the NEEQ reported it as a
transaction at the market price of RMB 75 per share. Then, on 26 May 2017,
another trade was executed where the first defendant paid RMB 100,000 for the
transfer of 1,000 shares. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DJW at [15].

This was priced at RMB 100 per share. As explained by Mr Ding, the first
defendant decided these prices and the number of shares to be transferred. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 75, Lines 5 to 12.

Mr Ding’s evidence in this respect was not seriously challenged. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 79, Lines 5 to 8.

53 In my view, the evidence showed that it was the first defendant’s choice as
to what price he wanted the shares transferred to him. If the shares were
priced too low, that might cause the OOB Sichuan share prices to fall
drastically, and the first defendant did not want this to happen because, on
his own evidence, he was looking for either an opportunity to sell OOB
Sichuan, or to raise financing on the back of OOB Sichuan shares that he had.
Further, parties were in agreement that the NEEQ regulations were changed in
March 2017 to prohibit any share transfers at “zero consideration”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Exhibit DWH-2 of DWH at p 3.

Hence, the OOB Sichuan shares could not have been transferred by the
plaintiffs to the first defendant without any payment after March 2017. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript of 28 November 2019 at Page 14, Lines 11 to 16.

In this sense, I accept the plaintiffs’ argument that clause 4 of the SSP
Agreement had been rendered practically inoperable because the OOB Sichuan
shares could not be transferred to the first defendant without the latter
making payment for them. In cross-examination, the first defendant agreed with
the suggestion that the change in the regulations rendered clause 4
inoperable. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript of 21 August 2019 at Page 128, Lines 10 to 14. See also from Page
122, Line 23 to Page 123, Line 15.

54 The defendants argue that the plaintiffs were nonetheless in breach of
clause 4 of the SSP Agreement because they did not transfer the OOB Sichuan
shares immediately after the first defendant gave notice to the plaintiffs on
30 December 2016. This transfer could have been carried out without any
consideration before the NEEQ regulations were amended in March 2017. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript of 21 August 2019 at Page 128, Lines 10 to 14.

By failing to do so before the regulations were changed, the plaintiffs were
in breach of their obligation under clause 4.

55 I am unable to accept this contention. As explained above (at [51]), the
evidence before me established quite clearly that the first defendant and the
plaintiffs had been in discussions as to how to effect the share transfer, and
it was agreed between parties that it was up to the first defendant to arrange
for the transfers by determining when they would take place, at what price,
and for how many shares. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 68, Lines 4 to 15.

The first defendant admitted under cross-examination that, from January to
March 2017, he had been discussing with the plaintiffs how to effect the
transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares within the confines of the NEEQ
regulations. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript of 21 August 2019 at Page 103, Lines 7 to 11.

There was never any discussion about a transfer of the shares at no
consideration. There is also no letter, email, or any correspondence by the
first defendant to the plaintiffs accusing them of being in breach of clause 4
of the SSP Agreement during this time. After the NEEQ regulations were amended
in March 2017, the shares could no longer be transferred at “zero
consideration”. This meant, in my view, that clause 4 was effectively
inoperable. The first defendant himself admitted in his oral evidence that the
amendment to the NEEQ regulations caught the parties out, and that the
circumstances had changed because of this. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript of 21 August 2019 at Page 127, Lines 9 to 11.

56 The defendants next argue that, from January 2017, the first defendant and
the plaintiff had agreed to an “informal arrangement” for the OOB Sichuan
shares to be transferred by the second plaintiff to the first defendant in
small batches, but that this was on a goodwill basis, without prejudice to the
first defendant’s rights against the plaintiffs under clause 4 of the SSP
Agreement. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

YFK at [3.6].

The first defendant elaborated on this informal arrangement in his affidavit
of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) by stating that the plaintiffs had agreed to
return the moneys that he paid to them after each small batch share transfer
so that he could effect further small batch share transfers. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

YFK at [3.6.2].

In other words, the moneys would be “recycled” or “round-tripped” back to the
first defendant after each transfer. But, according to the first defendant,
the plaintiffs refused to carry out the informal arrangement after initially
agreeing to it. Specifically, the plaintiffs declined to route the moneys back
to the first defendant because of concerns about the capital gains tax they
would pay. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

YFK at [3.6.16] and [3.6.12].

Hence, according to the defendants, the plaintiffs remained in breach of
clause 4 of the SSP Agreement.

57 The plaintiffs’ Messrs Lim and Ding both adamantly denied that there was an
informal arrangement for the transfer of small batches of shares, or that
there was any agreement to return the moneys back to the first defendant after
each small batch share transfer. Mr Ding’s evidence is that the first
defendant had suggested the “recycling” of moneys so that the same moneys
could be used repeatedly for transfers of small batches of shares, but that he
had rejected this suggestion outright because it would have been an “illegal
arrangement” under Chinese law. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 from Page 101, Line 23 to Page 102, Line 6. See
also DJW at [23] to [26].

It would also not pass the audit checks of the second plaintiff. According to
the plaintiffs, it was really up to the first defendant to come up with an
acceptable solution to the difficulty he faced in raising the funds he needed
to pay for the small batch transfer of shares at prices that he felt should be
transacted on the NEEQ and made public to the market. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 76, Lines 3 to 13.

58 I found the first defendant’s evidence as to the purported informal
arrangement and “recycling” of the moneys paid to be highly unsatisfactory.
This is for several reasons. First, it had been pleaded in the defence that it
was the plaintiffs that came up with the suggestion of this informal
arrangement. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at [15A].

However, the first defendant admitted under cross-examination that he was the
one who had come up with the idea in the first place. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript of 21 August 2019 at Page 107, Lines 15 to 25, and Page 124, Lines
7 to 8.

59 Second, there is nothing in writing that supports the argument that the
parties had agreed to this informal arrangement involving the “recycling” of
moneys. There is nothing in the emails, letters or text exchanges between the
parties to that effect. On the contrary, in an email dated 1 March 2017, the
first defendant wrote to Mr Ding to state that he was “working out the funds
required and the best way to do the share transfer with our sponsor broker and
hope to resume the transactions soon.” 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

AB p 189.

If there had been an agreement to “recycle” moneys for multiple small batch
share transfers, the first defendant would not have to work out how much funds
were required for each transfer of shares, and simply could have paid the
plaintiffs any amount, and then asked for the return of the moneys back to him
for a further transfer of the same number of shares. Any such discussion or
planning about this alleged agreement to “recycle” moneys paid to the
plaintiffs was conspicuously absent from the documentary evidence. Also, there
was in evidence a WeChat exchange between the first defendant’s assistant and
one of the plaintiffs’ staff that showed that it was in fact the first
defendant who was dictating the number of shares to be transferred and the
price per share. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB p 199-204.

This shows quite clearly that it was the first defendant who was pulling the
strings as to when the share transfers in small batches would take place, and
the price at which the shares would be transferred and how many shares would
be transferred. There was also no mention whatsoever of any return of moneys
in this WeChat exchange.

60 Third, the evidence of the first defendant was that he had been looking to
raise financing to pay for each small batch share transfer. The first
defendant’s own evidence was that in May 2017, he had pledged 8.47% of OOB
Sichuan (a total of 340,000 shares) to raise RMB 15 million for the share
transfer. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript of 21 August 2019 at Page 132, Lines 9 to 11. See also Page 133,
Lines 7 to 11. See also AB from pp 329 to 344.

If the plaintiffs had in fact agreed to “recycle” his payments back to him,
there would be no need for him to look for such financing.

61 As for the first defendant’s claim that the plaintiffs were not willing to
perform the SSP Agreement and transfer all the OOB Sichuan shares to him
because of tax reasons, I find that this cannot stand up to scrutiny. The
first defendant’s evidence meandered on this point. While he said initially
that the plaintiffs did not want to transfer the shares because they did not
want to pay capital gains tax, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

YFK at [3.6].

he then claimed, in his oral evidence, that the tax concerns arose because of
the plaintiffs’ failure to transfer the shares in the first place. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 from Page 25, Line 11 to Page 26, Line 12.

Then, in another part of his oral evidence, the first defendant accepted that
that the plaintiffs had in fact indicated that they were prepared to pay
capital gains taxes if such taxes were properly incurred. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 23, Lines 8 to 11.

62 I found the plaintiffs’ evidence on the tax concerns more consonant with
the facts. The plaintiffs gave evidence that they were prepared to pay any
capital gains tax that was duly and properly incurred, but they baulked at
paying the additional capital gains tax which was incurred as a result of the
first defendant setting the transfer price at RMB 75 per share and then RMB
100 per share during the two small batch transfers in the first half of 2017.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AL at [60].

This was significantly higher than the agreed price for these shares, which
was RMB 10 million for all the shares, or approximately RMB 48 per share.
Hence, the plaintiffs raised tax concerns with the first defendant. These tax
concerns arose as a result of the prices at which the first defendant wanted
the plaintiffs to transfer the shares.

63 Relying on the contextual background as outlined above, I find that, first,
parties had come to the view that the OOB Sichuan shares could not be
transferred to the first defendant over the NEEQ without any consideration, as
had been contemplated by clause 4 of the SSP Agreement. Second, the first
defendant was seeking alternative ways to effect the transfer over the NEEQ
and wanted the plaintiffs to wait for his instructions.

64 This contextual background dovetails with a plain reading of the SSP
Agreement. In the SSP Agreement, clause 4 was not prescribed as a condition
precedent to the first defendant’s payment obligations. There is a stipulated
start date of end-December 2016 for the instalment payments, but the OOB
Sichuan shares were only to be transferred on notice being given (as explained
above at [46] to [48]) 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB at p 169, clause [4].

. The obligations for payment of moneys and transfer of shares were not
expressed as dependent obligations. Therefore, it appears to me that, while
clause 4 required the second plaintiff to effect a transfer of the OOB Sichuan
shares, the payments due from the first defendant were not made subject to the
shares being transferred to him first. This is an important point because much
of the defendants’ case rests on their proffered interpretation of the SSP
Agreement that the transfer of the shares is a condition precedent to the
performance of the first defendant’s payment obligations.

65 In fact, I find that the first defendant considered himself bound to comply
with the payment schedule under the SSP Agreement even without the
corresponding transfer to him of any shares. This might have been because he
acknowledged, at least tacitly, that the inability to transfer the whole of
the OOB Sichuan shares to him was not through any fault of the plaintiffs.
But, the more likely explanation is that he was fully aware that his
obligation to make payments in accordance with the payment schedule was not
subject to the second plaintiff first transferring the OOB Sichuan shares to
him. It is the first defendant’s own conduct that demonstrates this most
clearly, as explained below.

66 On 3 July 2017, the first defendant made a payment of RMB 500,000 to the
second plaintiff. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AB pp 233, 234.

This was a payment directly to the second plaintiff’s bank account and not to
its securities account, which strongly suggests that the moneys were not paid
in expectation of any transfer of shares from the plaintiffs. The first
defendant seeks to explain this away by claiming, in his AEIC, that the
plaintiffs had asked him to make payments into the second plaintiff’s bank
account instead of using secondary market trades. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

YFK at [3.6.12].

This would, on the first defendant’s evidence, allow for the circumvention of
NEEQ trading rules, which did not allow trades at more than 50% below the
market price. This explanation struck me as implausible for three reasons.
First, the first defendant could not produce any evidence beyond his bare
allegation in his AEIC that the plaintiffs had requested for payments to be
made into the second plaintiff’s bank account instead of its securities
account. No emails, message records, or written correspondence evidence this
assertion. Second, I do not see how transfers to the second plaintiff’s bank
account would have obviated the need under the NEEQ trading rules for there to
have been also a payment of moneys to the second plaintiff’s securities
account that corresponded to the share transfer. The first defendant would
still have had to effect a transfer to the plaintiffs’ securities account in
order for the share transfer to have a price reflected for it. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Exhibit DWH-2 of DWH at p 3.

Third, and most puzzlingly, if the first defendant was in fact of the view
that a transfer of moneys to the second plaintiff’s bank account could somehow
circumvent the NEEQ trading rules prohibiting transfers at more than 50% below
the market price, there is no reason why the entire share transfer could not
have been carried out this way. That the first defendant did not even raise
this possibility indicates to me that this was not a genuine concern, and that
the explanation by the first defendant as to why the moneys were transferred
to the second plaintiff’s bank account (and not its securities account) is not
a credible one.

67 Putting aside the issue of which of the second plaintiff’s accounts the
first defendant paid moneys into, the first defendant had sent an email to the
plaintiffs on 26 June 2017 to inform them that the payment of RMB 500,000
(eventually made on 3 July 2017) would be effected, and for the plaintiffs to
expect another payment of RMB 1 million by the end of July 2017. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AB at p 232.

68 When referred to this email of 26 June 2017, the first defendant tried to
explain that he was making these payments only because he expected the
plaintiffs to return the moneys to him so that he could do small batch
transfers of shares. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 41, Lines 3 to 17.

But, he claimed that, after receiving this email, in the period between 26
June 2017 and 3 July 2017, Mr Ding told him over the phone that the plaintiffs
would not be transferring him any more OOB Sichuan shares. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 40, Lines 6 to 14.

The first defendant was explicit in stating thus, and repeated this claim more
than once in his oral evidence. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 40, Lines 15 to 18; Page 41 Lines, 18 to
21.

When asked why then he would proceed on 3 July 2017 to still make payment of
RMB 500,000 to the plaintiffs despite having already been told that the
plaintiffs would not be transferring any shares, the first defendant
incredibly changed his evidence to say that he was only told of the
plaintiffs’ refusal to transfer any more shares to him after he had made the
payment of RMB 500,000. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 from Page 41, Line 22 to Page 43, Line 25.

When confronted with his volte-face, the first defendant somewhat conveniently
indicated that he it had been “quite a while” since these exchanges, and could
not provide a more compelling explanation. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 43, Lines 17 to 25.

These inconsistencies in the first defendant’s evidence did him no credit at
all.

69 Following this, as already recounted (see above at [15]), the plaintiffs’
Chinese lawyers sent the first defendant a letter on 7 July 2017 demanding
that he make payment of the outstanding instalment payments in accordance with
the schedule in the SSP Agreement. The first defendant then made a series of
payments to the second plaintiff’s bank account, not its securities account.
These payments were made in the course of a month: RMB 300,000 on 28 July, RMB
100,000 on 1 August, RMB 100,000 on 2 August, RMB 200,000 on 3 August, RMB
100,000 on 7 August and RMB 200,000 on 24 August 2017. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AB at pp 238 to 248.

In my judgment, the first defendant’s conduct in making this series of
payments is telling in showing that he considered himself obligated to
continue making payments to the plaintiffs of the outstanding amounts
regardless of whether the OOB Sichuan shares had been transferred to him.

70 While I appreciate that the first defendant may have planned to raise
financing from the OOB Sichuan shares that were transferred to him in order to
pay the plaintiffs, this turned out not to be possible for two reasons. First,
as already described, the OOB Sichuan shares could not be transferred outright
without any corresponding payment over the NEEQ. Second, clause 5 of the SSP
Agreement required the OOB Sichuan shares transferred to the first defendant
to be charged in favour of the plaintiffs in order to secure payment of the
outstanding amounts. That being the case, it was completely unclear to me how
the first defendant proposed to raise financing on the transferred shares when
they were supposed to be charged to the plaintiffs. On this point, the first
defendant gave a rather preposterous answer when he claimed, during the course
of his oral evidence and for the first time, that clause 5 of the SSP
Agreement was never intended by the parties to be performed. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 from Page 60 Line 2 to Page 61 Line 2.

I find such evidence to be self-serving, all too convenient, and completely
unsupported by any written evidence.

The proper interpretation of the Term Sheet

71 It was in the above circumstances that the parties then came to execute the
Term Sheet. When one considers the contextual background, it becomes clear
which of the rival contentions by the plaintiffs and the defendants as to the
proper interpretation of the Term Sheet should be accepted.

72 The plaintiffs submit that the Term Sheet was intended to consolidate the
various debts due from the first defendant and provide him with a realistic
payment schedule that he could comply with. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AL at [74].

Also, the parties intended to “decouple” the payment obligations owed by the
first defendant from any transfer of the plaintiffs’ OOB Sichuan shares to the
first defendant. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS at [88].

As such, the Term Sheet only focused on the payments from the first defendant
and said nothing about the transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares to him.
According to the plaintiffs, the OOB Sichuan shares would be transferred to
the first defendant after he had made full payment of the Outstanding Amount,
in a manner as determined by the first defendant that was acceptable to the
plaintiffs. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS from [134] to [137].

73 On the other hand, the defendants submit that the Term Sheet is merely a
variation of the SSP Agreement in that all it does is to alter the payment
schedule by giving more time for the first defendant to make payment. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCS at [4.3].

It does not detract from the plaintiffs’ obligation under clause 4 of the SSP
Agreement to transfer the OOB Sichuan shares before the first defendant is
obliged to make payment. Put another way, according to the defendants, the
obligation to transfer the OOB Sichuan shares to the first defendant is a
condition precedent to his payment obligations under the Term Sheet. Since the
shares were not transferred, the first defendant’s payment obligations never
kicked in.

74 The circumstances leading to the execution of the Term Sheet make it clear
that the defendants’ position is an untenable one. This is for the following
reasons.

75 First, and most fundamentally, as I have already explained (at [64]), the
proper interpretation of the SSP Agreement does not support the defendants’
argument that the clause 4 was a condition precedent to the first defendant’s
payment obligations in that agreement. Hence, the defendants’ entire case on
the incorporation of clause 4 into the Term Sheet or that the Term Sheet is
simply a variation of the SSP Agreement fails at the very first hurdle because
clause 4 was never a condition precedent to the payment obligations of the
first defendant in the first place.

76 Second, as has been explained above (at [53]), it is clear that parties had
come to the shared understanding that clause 4 of the SSP Agreement was
practically inoperable after March 2017. I accept Mr Ding’s evidence that,
even prior to March 2017, the plaintiffs were willing and ready to transfer
the OOB Sichuan shares, but had been asked not to by the first defendants. The
plaintiffs were requested not to transfer their OOB Sichuan shares to the
first defendant over the NEEQ before March 2017 because, amongst other
reasons, the first defendant wanted to determine the price at which the shares
were to be transferred so that the trading price of the OOB Sichuan shares
would not be affected (see [53] above). Then, the change in the NEEQ
regulations in March 2017 made it no longer possible for parties to even
entertain the idea of transferring the shares at no consideration. As I have
found, the first defendant subsequently tried to think of solutions to the
problem of how the shares could be transferred, and it is clear that he was in
control of the process of when and how the shares would be transferred. From
the plaintiffs’ perspective, they were not concerned about the mechanics of
the process, save that they did not wish to pay unnecessary capital gains tax
that might be incurred if the price set by the first defendant for each
transfer was too high.

77 Third, it is not disputed that the first defendant had decided, on its own,
to suspend the OOB Sichuan shares from trading while the negotiations on the
Term Sheet were in progress with the plaintiffs. The counter was suspended on
11 September 2017 and it remained so until 29 December 2017. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 from Page 92, Line 13 to Page 93, Line 13.

The Term Sheet was executed by the parties on 20 September 2017, whilst the
counter was still suspended from trading. Given these facts, I find that the
parties could not possibly have intended to subject the first defendant’s
payment obligations to the transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares to the first
defendant. It is noteworthy in this regard that the first defendant was due to
make his first three instalment payments on 30 September, 30 October and 30
November 2017 respectively. It would be inconsistent with the timing in the
schedule of payments to insist that the plaintiffs had to effect the transfer
of the shares before the payments were due and while the share counter was
suspended from trading. One cannot simply ignore the trading status of the OOB
Sichuan shares at the time of the agreement. It was impossible to transfer the
shares at that time. I therefore do not accept that the parties had intended
for share transfer obligations to apply at a time where the transfer of shares
was not even possible.

78 Fourth, it must be borne in mind that the Term Sheet was precipitated by
the threat of legal action by the plaintiff, through their Chinese lawyers.
The first defendant did not reply to the Chinese lawyers’ letter to state that
it was the plaintiffs who were in breach of their obligations in failing to
transfer the OOB Sichuan shares. Instead, as already mentioned above (see
[15]), the first defendant made further payments to the second plaintiff,
without any corresponding written demand for the transfer of more shares. Not
only that, in the Term Sheet, the first defendant agreed to provide security
for his indebtedness in the form of the Metro shares. I find that it would
have been incongruous for the first defendant to have agreed to provide
security if he was not at that time obligated to make any payments to the
plaintiffs until the OOB Sichuan shares were transferred to him. If that
transfer had to take place before any payment, those transferred OOB Sichuan
shares could have been charged as security to the plaintiffs, as was what was
envisaged under clause 5 of the SSP Agreement. The provision of security in
the form of the Metro shares sheds light on the intent of the parties in
executing the Term Sheet, which must have been that the first defendant was
obliged to make payment in accordance with the payment schedule regardless of
whether any shares in OOB Sichuan were transferred by the plaintiffs. This
reflects the reality of the situation at that time, which was that the parties
could not work out a way to carry out the transfer for the OOB Sichuan shares
to the first defendant over the NEEQ without any corresponding payment.

79 Finally, it is also relevant that it was the first defendant who came up
with the payment schedule to be included in the Term Sheet. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AB at p 257.

It was the first defendant that proposed the payment dates and amounts, and
this was largely accepted by the plaintiffs. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AB at pp 254 to 256.

This makes it quite clear that the Term Sheet was in essence an extension of
time granted to the first defendant to make payment of what he had agreed to
pay the plaintiffs. There is nothing in the correspondence leading to the Term
Sheet’s execution where the parties even discussed or mentioned the transfer
of the OOB Sichuan shares as a pre-condition to the payment obligations. I
find that, if it was indeed the case that the share transfer was a condition
precedent, the first defendant would have at least mentioned this in the
negotiations in written communication of some sort.

80 Given all the circumstances, I find that the contextual background to the
Term Sheet shows that the plaintiffs are right that the agreement for the
first defendant to make the instalment payments in accordance with the
schedule was not conditional on the transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares to the
first defendant. It cannot be said that the Term Sheet was merely a variation
of the SSP Agreement given the intentions of the parties when the Term Sheet
was entered into, nor can it be contended that clause 4 of the SSP Agreement
was somehow incorporated into the Term Sheet. As I have found, the parties
were of the view that clause 4 of the SSP Agreement was practically
inoperable, and they wanted to enter into the Term Sheet to extend the time
granted to the first defendant to make payment. In other words, the Term Sheet
superseded the SSP Agreement.

The conduct of the parties subsequent to the Term Sheet

81 My conclusions in relation to the proper interpretation of the Term Sheet
are buttressed by the conduct of the parties subsequent to the Term Sheet
being entered into. The case law in relation to the value of subsequent
conduct in contractual interpretation makes clear that, subject to certain
caveats, post-contractual conduct can be an aid in the interpretation of
contractual terms. In fact, I have already extensively referred to the
parties’ post-contractual conduct as an aid in interpreting the SSP Agreement
(see for example, [66] above).

82 In Hewlett-Packard Singapore (Sales) Pte Ltd v Chin Shu Hwa Corinna [2016]
2 SLR 1083 (“Hewlett-Packard”) at [56], the Court of Appeal stated that:

… we are not endorsing a blanket prohibition on the use of subsequent conduct.
Like the question of the admissibility of prior negotiations, the question of
the admissibility of subsequent conduct remains an open one that should be
decided on a more appropriate occasion … We do, however, reiterate that any
such evidence must satisfy the tripartite requirements of relevancy,
reasonable availability and clear and obvious context mentioned in Zurich
Insurance …

83 In the subsequent case of Ngee Ann Development Pte Ltd v Takashimaya
Singapore Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 627 (“Ngee Ann Development”), the Court of Appeal
referred to subsequent conduct to determine the parties’ agreement on the
meaning of a term of the contract at [86], observing that these events
“reflect[ed] the parties’ understanding” of how a particular term was to be
put into effect. The position in Ngee Ann Development utilising subsequent
conduct as an aid to contractual interpretation was highlighted in Centre for
Laser and Aesthetic Medicine Pte Ltd v GPK Clinic (Orchard) Pte Ltd and others
and another appeal [2018] 1 SLR 180 at [51], where the Court of Appeal
observed that subsequent conduct in contractual interpretation was permissible
but is “in general only of relevance if the subsequent conduct provides cogent
evidence of the parties’ agreement at the time when the contract was
concluded.” [emphasis in original].

84 Subsequent conduct was also found to be an aid to interpretation in this
court’s decision of Solomon Alliance Management Pte Ltd v Pang Chee Kuan
[2019] 4 SLR 577 at [73] as it satisfied the tripartite requirements of
relevancy, reasonable availability, and clear or obvious context. I am
satisfied that the tripartite requirements are met on the instant facts in
relation to the Term Sheet as well. The parties’ behaviour subsequent to the
agreement of the Term Sheet is relevant in that it sheds light on what the
parties had regarded their obligations vis-à-vis each other under the Term
Sheet to entail. This provides a further basis for determining what the
parties’ objective intentions were when the Term Sheet was entered into. The
requirement that information as to the post-contractual conduct be reasonably
available is also satisfied, given that both parties engaged in correspondence
with each other regarding payment, and with the first defendant having made
payments in accordance with the terms the Term Sheet. Finally, given that the
Term Sheet expressly prescribed payment obligations between the parties, I
accept that the subsequent conduct of the parties in this case related to that
clear and obvious context. Accordingly, the subsequent conduct of the parties
is an appropriate aid to contractual interpretation of the Term Sheet on the
instant facts.

85 For completeness, I note that I saw no reason why the interpretation of the
SSP Agreement could not also be assisted by reference to the parties’
subsequent conduct. The tripartite requirements outlined in Zurich ([37]
supra) and referred to in Hewlett-Packard are also met. In particular, the
parties’ subsequent conduct is relevant insofar as it illustrates not only
what the parties believed their obligations in the SSP Agreement to be, but
also how the parties subsequently recognised that certain obligations, such as
those in clause 4, were rendered inoperable. This necessarily involves
consideration of what clause 4 had initially been envisaged as requiring.
Second, the requirement that information as to the post-contractual actions be
reasonably available is also satisfied, given that the parties’ conduct after
the signing of the SSP Agreement were mostly documented in their
correspondence. Further, given that the SSP Agreement expressly prescribed
obligations on both the signatories, I am satisfied that the subsequent
conduct of the parties related to that clear and obvious context. The
subsequent conduct of the parties could therefore be of assistance in
contractual interpretation of the SSP Agreement, as has been done above at,
for example, [66] above.

86 I pause at this point to note that subsequent conduct cannot be used to
support an interpretation that is in direct contradiction to the express
terms: Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2
SLR(R) 332 at [88]. This does not appear to be an impediment in this case
given that there are no express terms prescribing the interaction between
clause 4 of the SSP Agreement and the Term Sheet itself.

87 A review of the conduct of the parties after the Term Sheet was executed
supports my findings at [80] above. The first defendant complied with his
obligations to make payment for the months of September and October 2017. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AB at pp 268 to 274.

He did not immediately seek the lifting of the trading suspension and ask the
plaintiffs to transfer their shares. In fact, even after the shares resumed
trading on 30 December 2017, there is no written evidence to show that the
first defendant asked for the shares to be transferred to him. The counter was
then suspended again from trading from 18 January 2018 to 15 April 2018, and
after a short period where trading resumed, it was suspended again on 3 May
2018. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 96, Lines 12 to 15. See also AB at pp 293
to 295.

88 After receiving the letter dated 28 February 2018 from the plaintiff’s
Singapore lawyers demanding payment (see [21] above), the first defendant made
two further payments to the plaintiffs on 23 March and 4 April 2018 of RMB
100,000 each without any complaint. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AB at pp 285 to 286, and pp 289 to 292.

At the time of these payments, there was no demand by the first defendant for
the plaintiffs to transfer all their OOB Sichuan shares, nor was there any
request in writing for shares to be transferred in small amounts. Any transfer
would have not have been possible in any event given that the counter was
suspended from trading at the time of these payments. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB at pp 293 to 295.

89 The first defendant’s previous lawyers then sent a letter to the plaintiffs
on 10 May 2018 demanding that the plaintiffs transfer to him the OOB Sichuan
shares immediately. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB at pp 299 to 300.

But, as admitted by the first defendant under cross-examination, this demand
could not have been complied with because it was impossible for the shares to
be transferred since the counter was at that time suspended. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 124, Lines 2 to 6.

Given this, I am left to conclude that this was not a genuine demand for
transfer of the shares, but a tactical response of some sort to the
plaintiffs’ demand for full payment and to these legal proceedings, which had
started by then.

90 In my judgment, the conduct of the parties subsequent to the signing of the
Term Sheet is entirely consistent with the first defendant having assumed an
obligation to make payments in accordance with the Term Sheet’s payment
schedule, which superseded the prior arrangements in the SSP Agreement and
which is not contingent on any transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares to him.

The first defendant’s need to raise financing on the OOB Sichuan shares

91 The first defendant has submitted that he needed the OOB Sichuan shares to
be transferred to him so that he could use the shares to raise financing in
order to pay the plaintiffs. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

YFK at [3.5.5].

He claims that the plaintiffs are well aware of this and shared this
understanding. Hence, according to him, the only sensible interpretation of
the Term Sheet is that it merely varied the SSP Agreement by giving him more
time to pay, and the plaintiffs were still obliged to transfer the OOB Sichuan
shares to him so that he could use them to raise the funds he needed for
payment.

92 I find it difficult to accept the first defendant’s arguments in this
regard. From the plaintiffs’ perspective, it was the first defendant who had
to find a way to raise financing in order to fulfil his payment obligations.
As Mr Lim testified, it was really up to the first defendant to look for
financing, and the plaintiffs did not particularly care how he did it. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript of 19 August 2016 at Page 95, Lines 19 to 23.

The existence of clause 5 of the SSP Agreement, which required the first
defendant to charge the transferred OOB Sichuan shares to the plaintiffs to
secure payment of his outstanding payment obligations, is also inconsistent
with any shared understanding that the first defendant intended to raise funds
on the transferred shares. After all, if the intent of the parties is that the
transferred shares were going to be charged in favour of the plaintiffs, it is
unclear to me how the first defendant intended to raise any financing on the
back of these shares. The defendants have not provided a sufficient
explanation to me as to how both can be achieved.

93 I deal here with the evidence of Jiang Kai, an expert witness for the
defendants, who claims that the first defendant would “have obtained RMB
46,023,500 financing on the OOB Sichuan Shares in or around 16 December 2016
to June 2017”. By way of background, Jiang Kai is a financier and President of
a hedge fund based in Shanghai, China. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

JK at [1].

The explanation for how this figure was reached is at [21] of Jiang Kai’s
expert report, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

JK-1 at p 19. (NB that there is an error in the numbering of paragraphs at
[10] and [11] of JK-1 – those two paragraph numbers are repeated.)

and is reproduced for ease of reference here:

… [The first defendant] pledged 340,000 shares of OOB Sichuan to obtain RMB
15,000,000 financing in May 2017. It is quite likely that he would have
obtained per share financing at the same rate for all the 1,043,200 OOB
Sichuan Shares, as they were only 25.2% of the total shares in OOB Sichuan.
Financiers would normally be willing to take any percentage of shares in a
company below 50% … Therefore, financiers would likely have been prepared to
take all OOB Sichuan Shares, while the per share rate of financing usually
remains unchanged. Therefore, we can assume that if [the first defendant]
obtained and pledged Tembusu’s 1,043,200 OOB Sichuan Shares, he would have
obtained RMB 46,023,500 in financing at that time. …

[Emphasis in original].

The obvious difficulty with Jiang Kai’s reasoning in this regard is clear –
like is not being compared with like. In particular, the 340,000 shares of OOB
Sichuan, which the first defendant had pledged for the sum of RMB 15,000,000
were not already encumbered, unlike the 1,043,200 shares held by Tembusu. The
1,043,200 OOB Sichuan shares held by Tembusu, even if transferred to the first
defendant, were to be charged to the second plaintiff immediately after their
transfer under the terms of clause 5 of the SSP Agreement. It is obvious that
shares which are already charged to another person will not be as valuable as
collateral when compared to the unencumbered 340,000 shares Jiang Kai refers
to. Further, Jiang Kai merely asserts that “[f]inanciers would normally be
willing to take any percentage of shares in a company below 50%” without
providing any basis as to why they would be willing to keep the per share rate
of financing unchanged.

94 Accordingly, I am unable to accept Jiang Kai’s evidence that the first
defendant would have been able to raise enough money to meet all his payment
obligations under the Term Sheet on the back of the 1,034,200 already-charged
OOB Sichuan shares the second plaintiff held. As the Court of Appeal observed
in Armstrong, Carol Ann (executrix of the estate of Peter Traynor, deceased,
and on behalf of the dependents of Peter Traynor, deceased) v Quest
Laboratories Pte Ltd and another and other appeals [2020] 1 SLR 133 at [92]:

… The ultimate consideration in deciding whether to reject or accept expert
evidence … is driven by, among other things, considerations of consistency,
logic and coherence, and with a powerful focus on the objective evidence
before the court.

I am not satisfied that the expert evidence cited above is of assistance to
this court given the logical difficulty I have outlined at [93] above.

95 I should also add that the first defendant, through OOB HK and Tone Rich,
holds a substantial stake in OOB Sichuan of around 37.7% even without any
transfer of shares from the second plaintiff. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Supplementary AEIC of Yee Fook Khong at Exhibit YFK-21, at p 50.

That being the case, the first defendant has not been able to explain why
financing cannot be raised from the other shares in OOB Sichuan that he
indirectly owns and controls. After all, it is his own evidence that he has
managed to raise financing from pledging 8.47% of OOB Sichuan (see [60]
above).

96 At the end of the day, whatever the first defendant’s plans to raise funds
may have been, he had contractually bound himself to the Term Sheet, which
required him to make payment of certain instalments on specific dates. More
importantly, he had bound himself at a time when the shares simply could not
have been transferred to him by the plaintiffs because the counter was
suspended. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AB at pp 293 to 295.

In these circumstances, I am unable to agree with the interpretation of the
Term Sheet advanced by the defendants.

The transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares to the first defendant

97 I turn to the question of the OOB Sichuan shares that currently remain in
the hands of the second plaintiff. The Term Sheet, which I have found
supersedes the SSP Agreement, makes no express provision for the transfer of
those shares to the first defendant. The only reference to shares is a short
statement that the first defendant “has agreed to purchase the said shares of
OOB Media (Sichuan) Company Limited”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AB at p 263.

This is perhaps unsurprising given that the Term Sheet is itself described in
its very first line as “summariz[ing] the terms for the restructuring of the
amounts owing by the [first defendant] to Tembusu”, without saying anything
about the transfer of the shares. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AB from pp 263 to 267.

Nonetheless, I do note that the plaintiffs have taken the position that they
will transfer the OOB Sichuan shares to the first defendant after he has made
full payment. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS at [137].

98 Given the Term Sheet’s express reference to the purchase of shares in OOB
Sichuan, it must be the case that the parties to the Term Sheet had
contemplated the issue of the transfer of shares, but chose nonetheless not to
deal with that in the Term Sheet by including a term to provide for the
transfer. In other words, the parties consciously left the issue of the
transfer of the shares unaddressed in their agreement. This in turn raises the
question of whether or not there might be an implied term in the Term Sheet
that deals with this issue of the transfer of the shares. In this regard, it
must be remembered that there is no basis for the incorporation of clause 4 of
the SSP Agreement given my finding (above at [74] to [80]) that the clause had
been rendered practically inoperable by the change to the NEEQ regulations and
as such, the parties could not have intended to incorporate such a clause.

99 In Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”), the Court of Appeal held at [93]
that:

In the light of these observations, we summarise our views on the implication
of terms into a contract. First, this process is best understood as an
exercise in giving effect to the parties’ presumed intentions. It is presumed
because the parties have not expressed any words, which are capable of bearing
the meaning sought to be achieved by the implied term. Were there to be any
express words, that would be a matter of interpretation, not implication ...
It is thus an exercise in filling the gaps in the contract. But in doing so,
it is of paramount importance that the courts do so with due regard to what
the parties would be presumed to have intended.

[emphasis in original]

100 The Court of Appeal went on to summarise the three-step process by which
the implication of terms is to be considered at [101] as follows:

It follows from these points that the implication of terms is to be considered
using a three-step process:

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

101 Applying this approach, there is no room for the implication of any term
into the Term Sheet regarding the transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares held by
the second plaintiff.

102 First, since the SSP Agreement, the parties had been dealing with the
question of how the transfer of the shares should be effected. As already
mentioned, express reference is made to the purchase of OOB Sichuan shares in
the Term Sheet. As such, it is quite clear to me that the parties clearly
contemplated the gap in the Term Sheet, in that it did not expressly deal with
the transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares, but elected to leave the gap present
in the agreement. This is obvious from the fact that the Term Sheet, in its
own words, described itself only as “summariz[ing] the terms for the
restructuring of the amounts owing by the [first defendant] to Tembusu”
without reference to the transfer of the shares. The obligation to pay the
moneys was intended to be separate and not contingent on the obligation to
transfer the shares. Sembcorp Marine at [95] is particularly instructive in
this regard:

In our view, scenario (a) [where the parties did not contemplate the issue at
all and so left a gap] is the only instance where it is appropriate for the
court to even consider if it will imply a term into the parties’ contract …

[Emphasis added in italics]

It is therefore not open to this Court to imply a term into the Term Sheet,
given the clear evidence that parties did contemplate the issue of the
transfer of shares when they executed the Term Sheet, but chose to leave it
silent on this issue.

103 Second, it is not at all clear what specific term can be implied given
that there is no evidence that the parties were in consensus, at the time of
the execution of the Term Sheet, as to the terms of such transfer. Many issues
appear to be unresolved. For example, would the OOB Sichuan shares be
transferred without any condition that the transferred shares should be
charged to the plaintiffs? Would the transfer of all the shares take place
straight away once a method of transfer which complied with the NEEQ
regulations was identified, or would the plaintiffs be required to procure a
transfer only after full payment of the Outstanding Amount? Would the shares
be transferred in small batches, and if so, when? Other issues left
unaddressed went towards questions of whether the amount which had to be
transferred from the first defendant to the plaintiffs before the transfer was
effected was the full Outstanding Amount, or only the portion of the
Outstanding Amount, which stemmed from consideration for purchase of the OOB
Sichuan shares under the Share Transfer Agreement. These are just some of the
many unanswered questions. This underscores the Court of Appeal’s observation
at [101(c)] of Sembcorp Marine that:

Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be one
which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would have
responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time of
the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then, the
gap persists and the consequences of the gap ensue.

[Emphasis added in italics]

The instant facts appear to be such a situation where “the gap [in the Term
Sheet] persists and the consequences of the gap ensue”.

104 These uncertainties probably explain why the parties did not plead or
submit on the viability of an implied term in the Term Sheet relating to the
transfer of the OOB Sichuan shares. At the time of the trial, the parties
appeared to still be in a state of limbo where the OOB Sichuan shares were
“stuck” with the plaintiffs and could not be transferred for no consideration
under the NEEQ regulations. That being the case, it is really up to the
plaintiffs and the first defendant to work with their Chinese lawyers and
other advisers to come up with an agreed method for the transfer of the OOB
Sichuan shares that complies with the NEEQ regulations, and is reasonably
acceptable to the parties.

Are the plaintiffs estopped from enforcing the Term Sheet?

The law on promissory estoppel

105 The law on promissory estoppel is fairly well-established, and all parties
are in agreement that in order to successfully raise promissory estoppel as a
defence, the defendants had to prove the following elements (see for example
Nanyang Medical Investments Pte Ltd v Kuek Bak Kim Leslie and others [2018]
SGHC 263 at [140]; Oriental Investments (SH) Pte Ltd v Catalla Investments Pte
Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 1182 at [83]):

(a) first, there must be a clear and unequivocal representation by the
promisor, whether by words or conduct, that it will not enforce its strict
legal rights;

(b) second, the promisee must act in reliance on the promise and suffer
detriment as a result; and

(c) third, it must be “inequitable” for the promisor to resile from his
promise.

106 Further, the party asserting the estoppel must properly plead the
representation that it is relying on. In particular, details such as when and
where the representation took place, who it was spoken by, and the content of
the representation should be made clear in order to give the party defending
the estoppel allegation fair notice as to the case he has to meet: Low Heng
Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence (administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng,
deceased) [2018] 2 SLR 799 at [49]. Further, in Fundamental Investors Pte Ltd
v Palm Tree Investment Group Pte Ltd [2020] SGHC 73 at [79], the High Court
found that the defendant shifted from its pleaded defence that the
representation it relied on took the form of the plaintiff’s words to a fresh
defence at trial of the representation having been by the plaintiff’s conduct.
Vincent Hoong J held this to be sufficient grounds in and of itself to reject
the fresh defence.

107 The importance of properly pleading the details of the estoppel relied on
was also explained by the Court of Appeal in V Nithia (co-administratrix of
the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam
and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 in the context of proprietary estoppel. At [38],
the Court of Appeal outlined the general rule that parties are bound by their
pleadings and the court is precluded from deciding on a matter that the
parties have decided not to put in issue. This reflects the basic concern that
a party seeking to resist the assertion of an estoppel should know the case
that he has to meet, and that key details of the estoppel should be fully
pleaded.

Analysis of the evidence on the question of estoppel

108 The defendants’ pleaded case is that, on the day of the signing of the
Term Sheet, 20 September 2017, the plaintiffs’ Messrs Ding and Wong and Ms
Cecia Sheng had made oral representations by way of verbal assurances in
person to both defendants that the Term Sheet was simply to give Tembusu’s
investment committee “additional comfort”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

YFK at [3.9.3] to [3.9.9]. See also Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3)
at [18A].

Further, it was represented that there was no intention to take possession of
the Metro shares as security or enforce the Term Sheet against the defendants.

The first defendant’s account of the alleged representation

109 Under cross-examination, the first defendant conceded there was actually
no face-to-face meeting between the defendants and the plaintiffs’
representatives on 20 September 2017, which was the day the Term Sheet was
signed. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript of 21 August 2019 at Page 73, Lines 16 to 20.

This is already plainly inconsistent with his pleaded case. The first
defendant then belatedly claimed in his oral evidence that he had made a phone
call to Mr Ding on the day of the signing where the verbal assurances
purportedly made earlier were repeated to him. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcript of 21 August 2019 at Page 74, Lines 5 to 7. See also Page 75, Lines
8 to 16.

However, the first defendant never mentioned any discussion over any phone
call on 20 September 2017 in his AEIC. It was also not mentioned in his
affidavit of 26 July 2018, which was for the purpose of showing cause why
summary judgment should not be granted against the defendants. I find that
these omissions throw serious doubt on whether a representation was ever made
by Mr Ding to the defendants on that day.

110 To make things worse, this new version that there was a phone discussion
on 20 September 2017 where verbal assurances were made was not even put to Mr
Ding when he was cross-examined by counsel for the defendants. That being the
case, it is simply not open to the defendants to rely on this alleged phone
discussion on 20 September 2017: Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith & Associates Far
East, Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 at [17], referencing the rule in Browne v Dunn
(1893) 6 R 67.

111 The defendants’ inconsistent evidence concerning the alleged
representation not to enforce the Term Sheet does not end there. In the first
defendant’s AEIC, he stated that it was in or around September 2017 that the
plaintiffs’ representatives approached him to ask for “further security in
order to secure the transfer of the OOB Sichuan Shares to [him]”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

YFK at [3.9.1] and [3.9.2].

I struggle to make sense of what exactly this statement means. But, leaving
that aside, according to the first defendant, it was at the time of this
approach when the plaintiffs made the alleged oral representation that the
Term Sheet, which was being proposed, would not be enforced. The first
defendant then arranged a further meeting, in or around “early September
2017”, at a café below the second plaintiff’s office in Shanghai, for the
second defendant to be introduced to the plaintiffs’ representatives. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

YFK at [3.9].

During this meeting where the issue of the security over the first defendant’s
Metro shares was discussed, it is claimed that the plaintiffs’ Messrs Ding and
Wong again represented that “the [plaintiffs] would never enforce the
agreement against [the first defendant] or [the second defendant]” (emphasis
in original in underline). 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

See YFK at [3.9.2].

112 Under cross-examination, the first defendant admitted that this meeting at
the café actually took place on 25 August 2017, and not in early September
2017. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 from Page 65, Line 19 to Page 66, Line 8.

He claimed that the plaintiffs’ representatives had also assured him at that
meeting that the plaintiffs would be proceeding with the informal arrangement
of transferring small batches of shares to him and returning the moneys he
paid for those shares. However, a contemporaneous email record of what was
discussed at that meeting sent by Mr Wong to the defendants on 26 August 2017
showed that this issue of the transfer of shares was never discussed at that
meeting. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Exhibit P-4.

Also, there is nothing in the email that hints at any assurances given to the
defendants that the proposed Term Sheet would not be enforced against them.
Instead, the email noted that the parties had discussed on 25 August 2017 that
the security was to be provided by way of the Metro shares and that the first
defendant would come up with a payment schedule for the plaintiffs to
consider. There was no reply email from either of the defendants which
referred to any assurances that the Term Sheet would not be enforced, or that
parties would transfer shares in small batches, or that the plaintiffs would
“recycle” the first defendant’s payments back to him.

The second defendant’s account of the alleged representation

113 As for the second defendant, his evidence was that he had told the
plaintiffs’ representatives at the meeting on 25 August 2017 at the café that
he was not willing to charge any part of the Metro shares that were registered
in his name to secure the first defendant’s obligations. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

TCLE at [3.1] and [3.2].

But, Messrs Ding and Wong verbally assured him that the plaintiffs would never
enforce the security against him, and so he relented. In his oral evidence,
the second defendant was adamant that he was initially dead-set against
providing the Metro shares as security. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

TCLE at [3.1.3].

This was because there was only two registered shareholders in Metro, himself
and Yidu Consulting Co Ltd. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 166, Lines 4 to 25.

He did not want the risk of another person becoming a shareholder in Metro and
upsetting his other shareholder, which held the majority of the shares in
Metro. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 177, Lines 3 to 13.

114 I note that, despite the claim that the second defendant’s serious
concerns about granting a charge over the Metro shares were only allayed by
the plaintiff’s representations that they would never enforce their security,
this alleged representation was never mentioned in any email or correspondence
between the plaintiffs and him. As already referred to above (see [112]), the
plaintiffs’ Mr Wong sent an email on 26 August 2017 to both defendants to
record what they had discussed at the meeting on 25 August 2017. The first
part of the email was specifically addressed to the second defendant and it
stated that he had agreed to provide security over the portion of the Metro
shares that was beneficially owned by the first defendant. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See Exhibit P-4.

There was no mention of any assurance that the security would never be
enforced. If it were true that such an assurance had been made, the lack of
any mention of this in the email from Mr Wong would surely have set off alarm
bells in the second defendant’s mind that something was not quite right.

115 Instead, the second defendant replied to Mr Wong’s email a few days later
on 29 August 2017. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

See Exhibit P-5.

He did not mention the assurance that the Term Sheet would not be enforced,
which he claimed was the only reason he agreed to the charge over the Metro
shares. Instead, the second defendant mentioned in his email reply that he
would be meeting with his lawyers shortly to discuss matters and would come
back with any comments. I would add that the second defendant would surely
have been advised by his lawyers that it would not be prudent to agree to a
charge over the Metro shares in the Term Sheet without recording the verbal
assurance in writing in another document. That he nonetheless proceeded to
execute the Term Sheet, suggests to me that the second defendant’s evidence on
the representation made by the plaintiffs is less than credible.

116 I should note for completeness that the second defendant claims that he
ultimately never discussed the Term Sheet with his lawyers. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 197, Lines 18 to 20.

This appears to be inconsistent with his email of 29 August 2017, but little
turns on this point in any case – the second defendant’s complete silence in
his contemporaneous email on the purported representation, which was allegedly
the only reason he agreed to the Term Sheet, is simply deafening.

117 The second defendant also gave evidence that, when he received drafts of
the Term Sheet from the first defendant in mid-September 2017, he was
concerned from reading the recitals in the drafts which stated explicitly that
“[t]he [p]arties hereby agree that the provisions in this Term Sheet shall be
binding and shall create legally binding obligations between the [p]arties”.
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript of 22 August 2019 at Page 199, Lines 15 and 16.

This plainly contradicted any alleged representation that had been made to
him. He then spoke to the first defendant, who then assured him that Mr Ding
had promised the first defendant again that the Term Sheet would not be
enforced. Given the hearsay nature of this evidence, I find it to be of little
value in deciding whether the plaintiffs had assured the second defendant at
the time when the Term Sheet was signed that the document would never be
enforced. The second defendant did not himself speak to any of the plaintiffs’
representatives after he received the first draft of the Term Sheet from the
first defendant up to the time he executed it on 20 September 2017. He
therefore could not provide any direct evidence of any purported
representations from the plaintiffs in relation to the Term Sheet drafts.

118 In contrast to the defendants’ rather malleable evidence, the plaintiffs’
evidence on the issue of the alleged representation was clear and consistent.
Mr Ding’s evidence was that he had no authority to make representations to the
defendants about not enforcing the Term Sheet. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

DJW at [27].

Authority on such matters lay with Tembusu’s investment committee. Mr Ding
also maintained his evidence throughout that, in any event, he never assured
the defendants that the Term Sheet would not be enforced against them, whether
on 20 September 2017 or at any other time.

119 I would add that Mr Ding’s evidence is also more consonant with commercial
reality and the undeniable fact that the plaintiffs wanted to get paid and
exit their investment from the first defendant’s business. It would make no
sense whatsoever for the plaintiffs to insist on the execution of the Term
Sheet, which provided a new payment schedule and added security in the form of
the Metro shares, and at the same time assure the defendants that such an
agreement (and in particular the added security) was not worth the paper it
was written on. It is also illogical to say that the Term Sheet was just to
appease Tembusu’s investment committee if it was truly intended to be a dead
letter. I cannot understand how the investment committee would be appeased in
such a situation.

The plaintiffs’ failure to conduct due diligence on Metro

120 I should add that the defendants also rely on the fact that the plaintiffs
did not carry out any due diligence on Metro, for example, by asking for and
examining Metro’s financial statements to determine how much the first
defendant’s 13.8% beneficial shareholding in Metro might be worth before
deciding to accept those shares as security for the first defendant’s payment
obligations. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DCS at [3.4.7].

It is argued that this suggests that the plaintiffs did not really intend to
enforce the security against the defendants, especially since Mr Lim had
allegedly rejected shares in Metro as security in the past. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

YFK at [2.1.6].

121 The plaintiffs’ responses to this argument are fairly clear and
straightforward. Mr Ding gave evidence that the first defendant had told him
that the 13.8% shareholding in Metro was worth at least S$6 million. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript of 21 August 2019 at Page 11, Lines 7 to 13.

Mr Ding thought that the shares would be acceptable as security, but
understood that the final decision lay with Tembusu’s investment committee. He
does not know whether his colleagues with the first plaintiff in Singapore
carried out any due diligence on Metro. As for Mr Lim, his evidence is that he
did not think that the Metro shares were adequate security at all, but those
shares were what the first defendant was prepared to offer, and having some
security was better than having none at all. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript of 19 August 2019 from Page 188, Line 24 to Page 189, Line 10,

122 On balance, I do not think that the argument concerning due diligence on
Metro makes much headway for the defendants on the issue of estoppel. There
may be many reasons the plaintiffs did not do any due diligence on Metro, such
as the fact that they knew that a minority stake in Metro, a private limited
company, could not be worth very much. The point really is that this stake in
Metro was what was offered by the first defendant when the plaintiffs demanded
some security. The plaintiffs were prepared to accept the offer, since it was
obviously better than having no security at all, other than the OOB Sichuan
shares they still held. It is a stretch to say that the failure to do due
diligence on Metro can somehow evidence a shared intention not to enforce the
Term Sheet.

123 Finally, I note that the defendants’ conduct subsequent to the Term Sheet
being executed is also completely inconsistent with them having received
representations that the agreement would not be enforced. The first defendant
continued to make payments to the second plaintiff even after receipt of a
letter from the plaintiffs’ lawyers on 28 February 2018 threatening to enforce
the Term Sheet. He did not reply to the plaintiffs to remind them of the
alleged representation. The first time that the first defendant even raised
the issue of a representation and an estoppel was not even in the first
version of the defence filed by the defendants in these proceedings. It was
raised only in the first defendant’s show cause affidavit dated 26 July 2018
when the plaintiffs applied for summary judgment against the defendants. No
explanation has been provided by the defendants for this delay in raising what
would have been an obvious answer to the claim by the plaintiffs. I can only
conclude that the estoppel argument was an afterthought raised by the
defendants to delay judgment.

124 For the above reasons, I find that the defendants have not discharged
their burden of showing that the plaintiffs had made a representation that the
Term Sheet would not be enforced. As such, the defence of promissory estoppel
fails.

The first defendant’s counterclaim

125 The pleaded counterclaim by the first defendant is for damages arising
from the plaintiffs’ breach of the SSP Agreement by failing to transfer the
OOB Sichuan shares to him. This claim is fundamentally flawed for several
reasons.

126 First, as I have already found (at [80] above), the plaintiffs did not
breach the SSP Agreement by failing to transfer the OOB Sichuan shares to the
first defendant. From the time of the execution of that agreement, the first
defendant had dictated the mechanics of how the shares would be transferred to
him. He did not want them to be transferred to him at no consideration because
doing so would affect the market price of OOB Sichuan shares. The subsequent
amendment to the NEEQ regulations in March 2017 effectively rendered clause 4
inoperable. From the evidence, it is clear that the parties had agreed that
the first defendant would come up with an acceptable way for all the OOB
Sichuan shares to be transferred from the plaintiffs to him. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 68, Lines 4 to 15.

This was not done by the time the Term Sheet was entered into, and that
agreement superseded the SSP Agreement. In my view, it is entirely up to the
parties now to come to a mutually acceptable way for the OOB Sichuan shares to
be transferred to the first defendant.

127 Second, in any event, when one analyses the first defendant’s evidence in
more detail, it will be apparent that the first defendant’s real complaint is
that he lost a chance to do a trade sale of OOB Sichuan, and not that there
were an offer that was made to him at that time which he could not accept
because he did not have the plaintiffs’ OOB Sichuan shares. There are several
problems with this. For starters, the pleaded case is not that the first
defendant had lost an opportunity to sell OOB Sichuan in a trade sale, but
that there was a loss of profits caused by the failure to transfer the shares.
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See Defence and Counterclaim at [25] to [29].

128 Another insurmountable problem is that the first defendant’s AEIC is
bereft of any evidence of any specific opportunities to conduct a trade sale
of OOB Sichuan. There is no evidence of any approaches by any interested
party, or any suggested price or proposed terms. There is also no documentary
evidence adduced of any such matters. Instead, all we have is the first
defendant’s evidence that he was talking to some potential counterparties, but
the talks could not progress because he did not have the majority shareholding
in OOB Sichuan without the shares from the plaintiffs. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

YFK at [4.1.5].

That being the case, leaving aside that the fact that it was not pleaded, the
state of evidence means that the first defendant’s claim for a loss of chance
cannot possibly succeed.

129 This conclusion is fortified by the holding of the majority of the Court
of Appeal in the seminal case of Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia
Pacific Management Pte Ltd and another [2005] 1 SLR(R) 661 at [139], where a
two-stage test in relation to ascertaining an actionable loss of a chance was
outlined:

… First, did the breach on the part of the defendant cause the plaintiff to
lose a chance to acquire an asset or a benefit? Second, was the chance lost a
real or substantial one; or putting it another way, was it speculative? …

The position that evidence must be adduced to show causation of the loss of
chance, and to show that any lost chance is real or substantial, is buttressed
by several cases that followed, notably MK Distripark Pte Ltd v Pedder
Warehousing & Logistics (S) Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 433 at [54] to [58], and
Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Asia Law Corp and another [2015] SGHC 213 at [20]
to [22] and [92] to [97]. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NB that the judgment in Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Asia Law Corp and another
[2015] SGHC 213 is in fact reported at [2015] 5 SLR 453, but the paragraphs
from [92] to [97] are not included in the reported judgment.

Given the limited state of the evidence raised by the first defendant in his
AEIC (see [128] above), I am not satisfied that any purported breach by the
plaintiffs can even be said to have caused the first defendant to have lost a
chance to make a profit. Even if I am mistaken on this, I am not satisfied
that any chance lost was real or substantial, particularly given the absence
of documentary evidence on these matters.

130 Finally, I am unable to see how the opportunity to sell OOB Sichuan in a
trade sale can be said to be a loss that is a natural and probable consequence
of the failure to transfer the plaintiffs’ OOB Sichuan shares pursuant to
clause 4 of the SSP Agreement.

131 In Out of the Box Pte Ltd v Wanin Industries Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 363 at
[47], the Court of Appeal indicated that the assessment of whether a
particular loss claimed was too remote involved ascertaining, in light of the
defendant’s knowledge and the circumstances in which that knowledge arose,
whether that loss would “have been considered by a reasonable person in the
situation of the defendant at the time of the contract to be foreseeable as a
not unlikely consequence that he should be liable for”. On the facts, the
first defendant has simply not established on the evidence that the plaintiffs
knew or ought to have known that he was in negotiations with any specific
interested party to sell away OOB Sichuan. All that the Mr Lim and Mr Ding
appeared to be aware of was that the first defendant hoped to effect a trade
sale, not that there was any realistic possibility of one. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 24, Lines 4 to 24, and Transcript of 21
August 2019 from Page 28, Line 2 to Page 29, Line 20.

Mr Lim in fact gave evidence that the first defendant raised numerous plans
and proposals in the past, but that nothing had come out of them. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Transcript of 20 August 2019 at Page 24, Lines 4 to 24.

In my judgment, the damages sought by the first defendant in its counterclaim
are too remote. The requirement that loss caused is not too remote must be
assessed in light of the entirety of the circumstances, and is not satisfied
simply because a possibility had previously been raised.

132 For the above reasons, I find that there is no merit to the first
defendant’s counterclaim.

Conclusion

133 For all the above reasons, I allow the plaintiffs’ claim and dismiss the
first defendant’s counterclaim. As such, I order the first defendant to pay
the sums of RMB 30,025,000 and S$4,410,000 that are due under the Term Sheet
to the plaintiffs.

134 The plaintiffs are also entitled to interest on the sums at [133] at the
rate of 5.33% from the date of the writ until the date of this judgment.

135 As for the Metro shares, the Term Sheet quite clearly evinces the parties’
intention that the first defendant’s 13.8% beneficial shareholding in Metro is
to be made available as security for the payment of the Outstanding Amount. As
such, I find that the Term Sheet has the effect of creating an equitable
charge over the 13.8% of Metro beneficially owned by the first defendant. As
the Court of Appeal observed in SCK Serijadi Sdn Bhd v Artison Interior Pte
Ltd [2019] 1 SLR 680 (“SCK”) at [22]:

… [A]n equitable charge may arise whenever property is “expressly or
constructively made liable, or specially appropriated to the discharge of a
debt or some other obligation” … Yet, the paradigmatic example of a “charge”
is that it is an instrument which creates security for a debt – ie, an
instrument which gives a creditor a right to resort to certain property in the
event of a default of repayment. Thus, in National Provincial and Union Bank
of England v Charnley [1924] 1 KB 431, Atkin LJ remarked (at 449 – 450):

It is not necessary to give a formal definition of a charge, but I think there
can be no doubt that where in a transaction for value both parties evince an
intention that property … shall be made available as security for the payment
of a debt, and that the creditor shall have a present right to have it made
available, there is a charge …

[Emphasis in original]

Further, at [25] of SCK, the Court of Appeal specifically observed that:

… Where the equitable charge is used to create security for repayment, the
creditor is usually given the right to resort to the property or have it sold
if the debt is unpaid … [U]pon default the creditor gains an accrued right to
resort to the charged property for satisfaction of the debt …

[Emphasis in original, citations omitted]

136 The question then is whether having the right to “resort” to the Metro
shares includes being able to seek an order for the Metro shares to be
“delivered up” by having the physical share certificates handed over. I am of
the view that it does. In Beale et al on The Law of Security and Title-based
Financing (3rd Ed., Oxford University Press) at [18.33], the authors suggest
that:

… [T]here are a number of ways an equitable mortgagee or chargee can obtain
possession. The most usual is by an express power to take possession …
Possession can be taken with the consent of the mortgagor or charger, or by an
order of the court, either directly for possession or for the appointment of a
receiver who will have the power to take possession.

[Emphasis added]

It is therefore open to the court to make an order for the chargee to be
handed possession of the share certificates. In any event, the defendants have
also accepted in their submissions that it is open to the court to make an
order for the “delivery up” of the 13.8% of Metro owned by the first defendant
should the Court adopt the plaintiffs’ interpretation of the Term Sheet. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

DCS at [6.2.1].

Accordingly, I order that the share certificates representing 13.8% of the
shareholding of Metro are to be handed over by the defendants to the
plaintiffs as continuing security for the Outstanding Amount.

137 I shall deal separately with the issue of costs.

Ang Cheng Hock  
Judge

Daniel Chia Hsiung Wen, Ker Yanguang and Wong Ru Ping Jeanette (Morgan Lewis
Stamford LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Chan Ming Onn David, Zhang Yiting and Lin Ruizi (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

