Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 184

Suit No 739 of 2019 (Assessment of Damages No 4 of 2020)

Between

ST Building Solutions Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

FortyTwo Pte Ltd

… Defendant

judgment

[Damages] — [Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ST Building Solutions Pte Ltd

  

v

  

FortyTwo Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 184

High Court — Suit No 739 of 2019 (Assessment of Damages No 4 of 2020)  
Choo Han Teck J  
9 June 2020; 14 July 2020

1 September 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of, inter
alia, supplying partition and ceiling boards. From 1 May 2016 to 31 May 2019,
the plaintiff leased a first-floor warehouse unit (the “Unit”), one floor
directly below the defendant’s unit. The plaintiff used the Unit to store
various goods. The defendant is also a Singapore-incorporated company.

2 Sometime between 10 and 11 February 2019, a fire hose in the defendant’s
unit started to leak, causing water to overflow into and flood the plaintiff’s
Unit below (the “incident”). Shortly after, on 12 February 2019, the plaintiff
notified its insurer’s appointed loss adjusters, McLarens Singapore Pte Ltd
(“McLarens”). On McLarens’ advice, the plaintiff prepared a list recording,
inter alia, the descriptions and quantities of various goods that had
allegedly been damaged by the flooding (“Draft List”).

3 On 22 February 2019, the plaintiff and McLarens conducted a joint inspection
of the damaged goods and McLarens supposedly “verified” the Draft List. In an
email dated 27 February 2019, McLarens informed the plaintiff that three types
of goods in the Draft List were “not available/found” during the joint
inspection, and that the quantity of another “damaged” item should be higher.
The plaintiff made the necessary amendments and emailed McLarens an amended
list of 58 types of “damaged” goods (“Initial List”). McLarens raised no
further comments thereafter. The plaintiff later realised that it had
erroneously classified two different types of boards as a single type, and
corrected the Initial List. The corrected Initial List is referred to as the
“Final List”, and it contained 59 different types of “damaged” goods.

4 On 14 March 2019, the plaintiff informed the defendant that it would be
seeking recovery for its losses, and invited the defendant to appoint its own
loss adjuster to independently verify the damage caused to the plaintiff’s
goods by 21 March 2019. The defendant, however, did not inspect the damaged
goods, and the plaintiff’s subsequent demands for compensation yielded no
result. The plaintiff eventually disposed of the damaged goods between end-
April and early-May 2019, close to the end of its lease of the Unit.

5 On 22 July 2019, the plaintiff commenced this Suit to recover the losses it
allegedly suffered as a result of the incident. The defendant conceded
liability, and interlocutory judgment was accordingly entered in favour of the
plaintiff on 24 October 2019. My present judgment concerns the assessment of
damages payable by the defendant to the plaintiff. The plaintiff claims, in
tort, “damages to be assessed”, including the following specific losses
totalling $559,500.96. The breakdown of this sum is set out below:

No.| HEAD OF LOSS| QUANTIFICATION  
---|---|---  
1| Loss in respect of the goods that were damaged| $446,687.49  
2| Freight forwarding costs wasted in the importation of the goods damaged in the incident | $13,455.50  
3| Loss in respect of the film wraps and polyethylene (“PE”) sheets that had
to be disposed of| $996.00  
4| Loss in respect of pallets that were damaged in the incident and had to be disposed of | $1,356.60  
5| Waste disposal fees incurred to dispose of the damaged goods| $59,400.00  
6| Labour costs incurred to dispose of the damaged goods| $15,249.15  
7| Loss of use of the Unit| $22,356.22  
TOTAL:| $559,500.96  
  
6 Compensation in tort is intended to place the plaintiff in the same position
it would have been in had the tort not been committed. The burden of proof
lies on the plaintiff to establish, on a balance of probabilities, both the
fact of damage and its quantum (Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen
Consultants Pte Ltd and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“Robertson Quay”) at
[27]).

7 I start with the plaintiff’s first head of loss in respect of its damaged
goods, which amounts to $446,687.49. The central question in this case is this
— what damage did the flooding of the Unit cause to the plaintiff’s goods? All
of the plaintiff’s other heads of loss depend, to some extent, on the answer
to this question. That answer requires evidence not only as to the description
and quantities of goods damaged, but also the extent of the damage to each
item.

8 The plaintiff’s evidence for this head of loss is as follows. The plaintiff
says that the quantities of damaged goods are as recorded in the Final List,
which was based on the Initial List. As to the extent of the damage to its
goods, the plaintiff’s position is that all the goods recorded in the Initial
and Final Lists were damaged to such an extent that they had “no residual
market value”. The plaintiff’s loss adjuster, Mr Ong Leong Koen, prepared an
expert report concurring with this position based on various letters from the
plaintiff’s suppliers (“Supplier’s Letters”) as well as photographs showing
the flooding within the Unit (“Photographs”).

9 After the incident, the plaintiff had informed its suppliers that the goods
supplied to it had been exposed to standing water due to the leakage of the
Unit’s roof. In the Supplier’s Letters, the suppliers all generally stated
that exposure to moisture would lead to damage of the goods in question (ie,
due to rusting, or the development of mould/fungus), and/or that the goods
were sensitive to moisture. All the suppliers thus recommended that the
exposed goods be disposed of. As for the Photographs, they generally showed
stacks of the plaintiff’s goods standing in water in the Unit.

10 Relying on the above evidence, the plaintiff says it has answered the
central question mentioned above. It argues that it is entitled to recover the
difference in the market value of its damaged goods immediately prior to, and
after, the incident. Taking the quantities of the “damaged” goods in the Final
List at face value, Mr Ong’s report assessed the total market value of the
“damaged” goods prior to the incident to be $446,687.49. Mr Ong agreed with
the plaintiff that the said goods had no residual market value, and the
plaintiff thus claims the entire sum of $446,687.49.

11 The defendant has adduced no evidence as to the actual quantities of the
plaintiff’s goods that were damaged, and the extent of the damage to each
item. This is perhaps unsurprising given that the defendant did not even
physically inspect the plaintiff’s goods. The defendant’s case is simply that
the plaintiff has not discharged its burden of proving the fact and quantum of
any of its losses. Both the defendant, and the expert report of its loss
adjuster, Mr Seng Kian Tiong, focus on pointing out the deficiencies in the
plaintiff’s evidence, especially in respect of the extent of the damage to the
plaintiff’s goods. Neither offers an alternative figure for any of the losses
claimed. In the circumstances, the central question falls to be decided mainly
upon the strength of the plaintiff’s evidence.

12 In my view, the plaintiff has failed to discharge its burden of proving the
quantum of the damage caused to its goods. I start with the Initial and Final
Lists. Although these two lists purport to record the quantities of “damaged”/
“wet” goods at the time of the incident, the plaintiff’s difficulty is that it
has not provided any basis (in the lists or otherwise) to show that its goods
were actually “damaged” or “wet” in the quantities recorded. Its process of
inspection in compiling the lists is a mystery. It is unclear, for example,
whether a visual and/or physical inspection had even been performed before the
plaintiff concluded that each quantity of goods recorded in the lists was in
fact “damaged” or “wet”.

13 Importantly, the Photographs show that many of the plaintiff’s goods were
wrapped in packaging, film wrap and/or PE sheets at the time of the incident.
At trial, Mr Lee’s evidence was that if there was “water [on the] outside” of
such wrapped goods, “it definitely means whatever is inside is damaged”. I am
prepared to accept that in certain cases, one could ascertain that the goods
in question are wet without removing its wrapping (ie, where the wrapping is
transparent and there are visible water marks on the goods inside). Even then,
however, it is not clear that one could always do so. The plaintiff failed to
show with any specificity that it had properly inspected its wrapped goods.
There is no evidence as to:

(a) the actual quantities of goods that were wrapped in packaging and/or
protective wrapping;

(b) whether the state of the goods or wrapping in question in fact allowed one
to ascertain that the goods inside were wet without removing the wrapping; and

(c) if it did not, whether the plaintiff actually removed the wrapping before
concluding that the goods inside were “damaged” or “wet”.

14 The person who had prepared the Initial and Final Lists, the plaintiff’s
financial manager, was not called as a witness. The plaintiff’s managing
director, Mr Lee Yong Seng, testified at trial that he had “checked” the
Initial and Final Lists, but gave no details as to how he did so. Although
McLarens had supposedly “verified” the quantities of “damaged” / “wet” goods
in the Draft List during its inspection, there is similarly little evidence as
to what McLarens did to carry out that “verification”. The plaintiff omitted
to call McLarens to give evidence at trial, stating that there was “simply no
need to do so” because “[t]he evidence clearly shows that McLarens had
conducted a physical inspection of the [damaged goods]”. That “evidence”,
however, is merely the email exchange between the plaintiff and McLarens
referred to at [3] above. Nothing there describes what McLarens did during the
joint inspection. In light of all these deficiencies in the plaintiff’s
evidence, I am not satisfied that the plaintiff’s goods were actually damaged
or wet in the quantities recorded in the Initial and Final Lists.

15 Turning to the Photographs, many of them depict the plaintiff’s goods in
the Unit stacked atop wooden pallets. Generally, only the bottom pallets and
goods were shown to be in direct contact with water. As mentioned, many goods
were wrapped in packaging, film wrap and/or PE sheets and it is unclear if the
goods inside were actually wet. At the most, all that the Photographs show is
that some of the plaintiff’s goods had been wet due to the flooding. But this
is not disputed. What is disputed is the actual quantities of goods that had
been wet, and the extent of wetting caused to each item. The Photographs,
however, do not assist in determining this issue, because the plaintiff did
not specifically link any of the Photographs to what it alleged to be a
particular “damaged” item, or to specific quantities of goods recorded as
“damaged” in the Initial and Final Lists.

16 As for the Supplier’s Letters, the suppliers’ replies (as set out at [9]
above) are based on the premise that the goods they had supplied had actually
been exposed to water. However, save for one supplier, Promat Building System
Pte Ltd (“Promat”), none of the others physically inspected the goods in
question. During Promat’s inspection, “fungal growth” was found on the KALSI
Boards that Promat had supplied to the plaintiff. Although I accept that the
boards were indeed damaged, it is unclear whether all the KALSI Boards that
had been recorded as “damaged” in the Initial and Final Lists were actually
shown to Promat. There is little evidence as to what Promat did during its
inspection, and the plaintiff’s only witness of fact, Mr Lee, was not even
present at that inspection. As such, I do not think any of the Supplier’s
Letters evidence the actual quantities of goods that had been damaged/wet, and
the extent of the damage/wetting caused to each item.

17 In Robertson Quay ([6] supra), the Court of Appeal held (at [27]-[31]) in
relation to proof of damages:

27 … [I]t is fundamental and trite that a plaintiff claiming damages must
prove his damage. … [T]he proof of damage depends wholly on the factual matrix
concerned. …

28 The law, however, does not demand that the plaintiff prove with complete
certainty the exact amount of damage that he has suffered. Thus, the learned
author of McGregor on Damages continues as follows (at para 8-002):

[W]here it is clear that some substantial loss has been incurred, the fact
that an assessment is difficult because of the nature of the damage is no
reason for awarding no damages or merely nominal damages. …

…

30 Accordingly, a court has to adopt a flexible approach with regard to the
proof of damage … The correct approach that a court should adopt is perhaps
best summarised by Devlin J in the English High Court decision of Biggin & Co
Ltd v Permanite, Ltd [1951] 1 KB 422 (“Biggin”), where he held (at 438) that:

[W]here precise evidence is obtainable, the court naturally expects to have
it. Where it is not, the court must do the best it can.

…

31 To summarise, a plaintiff cannot simply make a claim for damages without
placing before the court sufficient evidence of the loss it has suffered even
if it is otherwise entitled in principle to recover damages. On the other
hand, where the plaintiff has attempted its level best to prove its loss and
the evidence is cogent, the court should allow it to recover the damages
claimed. …

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

18 In my view, more cogent evidence as to the quantities of damaged goods, and
extent of the damage to each item, ought to have been available. Nothing in
the nature of such property damage makes the assessment of damage difficult or
impossible. There was no good reason why none of the loss adjusters, including
McLarens, made an assessment as to the extent of the damage/wetting caused to
each of the plaintiff’s goods. The plaintiff’s and the defendant’s loss
adjusters, who gave evidence at trial, never even physically inspected the
damaged goods themselves. The plaintiff had also given the defendant ample
opportunity from 14 March 2019 to inspect the damaged goods. The defendant,
however, failed to do so and never explained its omission.

19 Further, nothing suggests that the plaintiff had faced any practical
difficulties at the time of the incident, which may have hindered a proper
assessment of the damage. Even if such difficulties did exist, they still do
not explain (a) the plaintiff’s subsequent omission to call McLarens to give
evidence at the trial itself (ie, regarding the joint inspection, and what
McLarens had seen); and (b) the plaintiff’s failure to explain how it
concluded that each quantity of goods in the Initial and Final Lists was in
fact “damaged” or “wet”. Although I find the conduct of both parties to be
unhelpful in determining the quantum of the damage caused by the incident, the
burden of proving such quantum ultimately lies upon the plaintiff. I do not
consider that the plaintiff has “attempted its level best” to discharge that
burden. As the plaintiff’s figure of $446,687.49 is premised upon the
quantities of “damaged” goods in the Initial and Final Lists, and those
quantities are not proven, the claim for $446,687.49 must therefore be
dismissed.

20 I now turn to the freight forwarding costs (totalling $13,455.50) that the
plaintiff allegedly incurred in importing the goods that were damaged during
the incident. The plaintiff claims these costs on the basis that they are
“expenses wasted or thrown away” due to the incident. In my view, this claim
is misconceived. As mentioned, an award of damages in tort is meant to place
the plaintiff in the same position it would have been in had the tort not been
committed. Had the tort not been committed, the plaintiff would have all its
goods intact, and would still have had to incur these freight forwarding costs
in any event. As I will discuss below, I am prepared to award the plaintiff
general damages for its loss in respect of its damaged goods. I do not think
there is any basis in principle for the plaintiff to also demand that the
defendant absorb its costs of importing the said goods. In any case, even if
such freight forwarding costs are recoverable in principle, the quantum
incurred as a result of the incident has not been sufficiently proven. The sum
of $13,455.50 was calculated based on the quantities of “damaged” goods in the
Initial and Final Lists. As I do not accept those quantities as proven, the
quantum for this head of loss is not established either.

21 Moving on, the plaintiff also claims its alleged loss in respect of a
number of second-hand wooden pallets that had been damaged during the
incident. The plaintiff is in principle entitled to recover this loss under
the general rule for awarding damages in tort (see [6] above). Given that
several Photographs show the plaintiff’s pallets submerged (at least
partially) in water, I accept that the plaintiff did incur some loss in
respect of the pallets. I do not, however, think the quantum for this head of
loss is proven as claimed. The plaintiff quantified this loss at $1,356.60
based on the Initial and Final Lists, which recorded 357 pallets as being
“damaged by water”, and all of the said pallets being damaged beyond salvage.
In my view, the plaintiff failed to sufficiently establish that its pallets
were damaged in that quantity, or to that extent. This is because, similar to
the reasons given in [12] and [14] above, the plaintiff failed to sufficiently
explain how it went about inspecting and counting its pallets to determine
that they were in fact “damaged”, or what McLarens did to verify the same. The
claim for $1,356.60 is thus dismissed.

22 The plaintiff further claims its alleged loss in respect of the film wrap
and PE sheets used to wrap the damaged goods and pallets. It originally
estimated that 72 rolls of PE sheets and 119 rolls of film wrap had been used
to wrap the 357 pallets on which the damaged goods were stacked. The plaintiff
said that after the incident, the film wraps and PE sheets had to be torn
apart to separate the damaged goods for disposal off-site. Since the torn
wraps and sheets could not be re-used and had no residual value, the plaintiff
disposed of them. As Mr Ong could not verify the plaintiff’s estimated
quantities of film wraps and PE sheets used, he halved the estimate and
quantified this loss as $996.

23 In my view, this loss would also be recoverable in principle under the
general rule for awarding damages in tort. I do not, however, think that the
quantum of the loss has been proven. The plaintiff’s and Mr Ong’s estimates
are premised on there being 357 damaged pallets. Having rejected this premise
at [21] above, I also reject the plaintiff’s and Mr Ong’s estimates, and
therefore the quantification of this loss at $996. In any event, the plaintiff
failed to explain the methodology behind its estimates, such that even Mr Ong
was unable to verify the accuracy of the same.

24 Next, I will deal with the plaintiff’s claims for the waste disposal fees
and labour costs incurred in disposing of the damaged goods together. In
principle, these consequential losses are recoverable in order to place the
plaintiff in the same position it would have been in had the tort not been
committed. The plaintiff produced invoices issued by two waste disposal
companies, and waste disposal certificates confirming that between end-April
to early-May 2019, the plaintiff had sent “damaged goods”, mainly consisting
of “ceiling boards, kalsi boards and other miscellaneous items”, for disposal.
I am satisfied that this general description included the various types of
goods damaged as a result of the incident and that the plaintiff did incur
some waste disposal fees to dispose of the damaged goods.

25 The plaintiff also gave evidence that it was required by the waste disposal
companies to tear apart any protective wrapping around the damaged goods, and
to separate the different types of materials before placing them into the skip
bins provided. As the plaintiff did not have sufficient manpower, it hired
workers from another company to undertake this labour-intensive task. The
plaintiff was issued an invoice for labour expended during roughly the same
period of time as stated on the waste disposal certificates. I accept the
plaintiff’s evidence (as I have just set out) and find that it did incur some
labour costs in disposing of the damaged goods.

26 I do not, however, think that the plaintiff has sufficiently proven the
quantum of waste disposal fees and labour costs incurred as a result of the
incident. The plaintiff’s case is that it had incurred $59,400 in waste
disposal fees and $15,249.15 in labour costs in order to dispose of the
119,793 items and 357 pallets recorded as “damaged” in the Final List, as well
as torn film wrap and PE sheets. Since I do not accept the quantities as
stated in the Final List, or the plaintiff’s/Mr Ong’s estimated quantities of
film wrap and PE sheets used, I find that the plaintiff has also failed to
prove that it incurred consequential losses in waste disposal fees and labour
costs of $59,400 and $15,249.15 respectively.

27 The plaintiff also argues that it was unable to use part of the Unit’s
floor space for a period of time as a result of the incident. To quantify this
loss, the plaintiff took the monthly rent of the Unit of $25,000, and pro-
rated it according to the number of days of its alleged loss of use, and the
proportion of the Unit’s floor space which allegedly could not be used. It
claims $22,356.22 for this head of loss, which sum comprises the following:

(a) $1,643.84 for the loss of use of 90% of the Unit’s floor space during the
two days in which the Unit was flooded and had to be dried. Based on the
plaintiff’s own method of calculation, there appears to be an arithmetic error
and the dollar figure should be $1,479.45 (ie, $25,000 x 12 months / 365 days
x 2 days x 90%).

(b) $20,712.38 for the loss of use of 30% of the Unit’s floor space for
another 84 days from 11 February to 5 May 2019. The plaintiff says due to the
incident, it had to store the damaged goods in a different part of the Unit,
and they occupied 30% of the Unit’s floor space until they were finally
disposed of. Again, the plaintiff made an arithmetic error in calculating the
dollar figure, and it should be $20,712.33 (ie, $25,000 x 12 months / 365 days
x 84 days x 30%).

28 I accept that the plaintiff was unable to use 90% of the Unit’s floor space
for two days as it had to segregate the damaged and undamaged goods, as well
as clean and dry out the Unit. This is a perfectly realistic and reasonable
claim, given that the entire Unit had been flooded, the plaintiff had relied
on fans to dry the floor and the sheer number of goods in the Unit as depicted
in the Photographs. I also find the plaintiff’s method of quantification to be
generally fair. I will thus award an adjusted sum of $1,607.14 (ie, $25,000 /
28 days x 2 days x 90%) for this claim.

29 On the other hand, I do not think that the fact and quantum of the loss at
[27(b)] above has been proven. I accept that after the incident, the damaged
goods occupied a certain amount of floor space in the Unit. However, even if
the incident had not occurred, the same goods would have continued to occupy
floor space anyway. What the plaintiff needs to show is that:

(a) in normal circumstances, storing all of the plaintiff’s goods in the Unit
would have used a certain amount of floor space; and

(b) due to the incident, the plaintiff’s undamaged and damaged goods had to be
separately stacked in such a way that an additional 30% of floor space had to
be used.

30 The plaintiff failed to show this, with only a bare assertion by its
counsel, Mr Benedict Teo, that the damaged goods could not be “stack[ed]…in
the same way as though it [was] business as usual”. In any event, the
plaintiff’s case for claiming $20,712.38 is based on the premise that the
quantities of damaged goods and pallets as recorded in the Final List required
30% of the Unit’s floor space. As I do not accept those quantities as proven,
the quantum of $20,712.38 is also not proven.

31 Finally, I turn to the issue of mitigation. The defendant argues that the
plaintiff had failed to mitigate its losses resulting from the incident. Its
counsel, Mr Charles Phua, submitted that the plaintiff could have reduced its
losses if it had, inter alia, undertaken “dehumidification works” and
“considered alternative buyers for the [damaged] goods…at a lower price”. As
Mr Teo correctly pointed out, however, the defendant did not even plead the
issue of mitigation. Mr Phua made no attempt to explain this omission or argue
that the plaintiff nonetheless had sufficient notice of the defendant’s case
or had otherwise suffered no prejudice. Given the materiality of the issue and
the defendant’s lack of explanation, I do not think the defendant is entitled
to raise any arguments on this point.

32 Having addressed the specific sums claimed by the plaintiff in the table at
[5] above, I now deal with the issue of general damages. It is clear from the
plaintiff’s evidence, including the Photographs, that it has suffered
substantial loss as a result of the incident. I have found that the plaintiff
is entitled in principle to recover its losses in respect of its damaged
goods, pallets, film wrap and PE sheets, as well as the waste disposal fees
and labour costs incurred in disposing of the same. I have also found that the
fact of the said losses has been proven, although the quantum which the
plaintiff claims (totalling $523,689.24) has not. In particular, the plaintiff
claims $446,687.49 in respect of the damage to its goods, but it has not
proven this sum because it is evident from the Photographs that some of the
goods in the Unit were not damaged. How much was actually damaged is uncertain
for lack of proof. In the circumstances, however, I do not think it would be
fair to award the plaintiff only nominal damages in respect of the losses
which I have just mentioned. It seems to me that the damage caused may be a
little over 50% or it might be a little under 50% of the quantum of
$523,689.24 claimed. Taking all the evidence into account, I am of the view
that $250,000 in general damages would be a reasonable sum to compensate the
plaintiff for its losses in respect of the damaged goods, pallets, film wrap
and PE sheets, as well as the waste disposal fees and labour costs incurred.

33 I thus grant judgment for the plaintiff against the defendant for
$251,607.14 (being the sum of $250,000 plus $1,607.14). Under s 12 of the
Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), interest thereon will run from the date
on which the writ was issued to the date of this judgment, at 5.33% per annum.

34 Costs are to be fixed after submissions by the parties, to be filed within
14 days from the date of this judgment.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Teo Chun-Wei Benedict, Goh Wee Hsien Jason, Ng Weiliang Daniel (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the plaintiff;

Phua Cheng Sye Charles, Vanessa Ann Leong Hui Ling (PKWA Law Practice LLC) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

