Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 205

Companies Winding Up No 393 of 2019

Between

| RCMA Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And

| Energy Market Authority of Singapore  
---|---  
  
… Non-party

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law] — [Winding up] — [Winding-up order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
RCMA Asia Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd

  
(Energy Market Authority

of Singapore, non-party)

[2020] SGHC 205

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 393 of 2019  
Tan Siong Thye J  
14 August, 7 September 2020

30 September 2020

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The defendant, Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd (“SEPPL”), is a Singapore-
incorporated company engaged in the transmission, distribution and sale of
electricity. SEPPL is wholly owned by Sun Electric (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“SESPL”), which is 99.9% owned by Sun Electric Pte Ltd (“SEPL”). Mr Matthew
Peloso (“Mr Peloso”) is the sole director of SEPPL and a 95% shareholder of
SEPL. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of David Maher, dated 18 December 2019 (“Affidavit of David Maher”),
at para 6; Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, dated 13 August 2020 (“Affidavit of
Matthew Peloso”), at para 1.

The plaintiff, RCMA Asia Pte Ltd (“RCMA”), is a Singapore-incorporated company
in the business of trading energy and other commodities. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 3, 5 and 12.

2 On 18 December 2019, RCMA applied for SEPPL to be wound up. The Energy
Market Authority of Singapore was made a non-party to the application pursuant
to s 29(8) of the Electricity Act (Cap 89A, 2002 Rev Ed). However, it was not
present at the hearing of the application.

3 On 7 September 2020, I granted RCMA’s application and ordered that SEPPL be
wound up. On 9 September 2020, SEPPL filed a Notice of Appeal against my
decision. I shall now set out the reasons for my decision.

4 I shall first deal briefly with Suit No 191 of 2018 (“Suit 191”) in which
RCMA commenced an action on 22 February 2018 to claim two sums with an
aggregate of $7,466,668.01 from SEPPL. SEPPL has a counterclaim in Suit 191
for, amongst other things, liquidated damages of $1m. Suit 191 was relevant to
RCMA’s application to wind up SEPPL as RCMA argued that it was a contingent or
prospective creditor of SEPPL under s 253(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”) pursuant to its claim in Suit 191.

The background facts

Suit 191 and the Injunction

5 SEPPL was a licensee and participant in a scheme, known as the “Forward
Sales Contract Scheme”, introduced by the Energy Market Authority of
Singapore. Under this scheme, SEPPL was required to carry out certain market
making obligations in the electricity futures market in respect of a volume of
futures trade in return for incentive payments by SP Services Ltd.
Subsequently, RCMA and SEPPL entered into an agreement for RCMA to assume
SEPPL’s market making obligations in exchange for a 70% share of all the
incentive payments received by SEPPL from SP Services Ltd (“the Agreement”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 13 and 14.

6 On 22 February 2018, RCMA commenced Suit 191, claiming a total sum of
$7,466,668.01 against SEPPL. This amount comprised (a) the sum of
$6,533,333.52, being RCMA’s purported 70% share of the incentive payments; and
(b) the sum of $933,334.49, which related to a prepayment loan given by RCMA
to SEPPL. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 16; Exhibit DM-3.

At the time of the hearing of this application, the hearing of Suit 191 was
pending. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 21.

7 On 22 February 2018, RCMA applied for an ex parte interim injunction against
SEPPL. The application was heard on 26 February 2018, where the court ordered
that the application be heard on an inter partes basis. Pending the disposal
of the inter partes hearing, the court granted RCMA an interim injunction
restraining SEPPL, its directors, officers, employees, and/or agents from
disposing, dealing with, or diminishing RCMA’s 70% share of the incentive
payments received by SEPPL in respect of market making trades taken on by RCMA
prior to 26 February 2018. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 17 and 18; Exhibit DM-4.

On 11 May 2018, having heard parties’ submissions, the court granted RCMA an
interim injunction (“the Injunction”), pending the final determination of Suit
191, restraining SEPPL, its directors, officers, employees, and/or agents from
disposing, dealing with, or diminishing the value of RCMA’s 70% share of the
incentive payments, including those to be received by SEPPL, in the amount of
$6,533,333.52 (“the Funds”). This was on the condition that RCMA meet its
obligations under the Agreement. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 19; Exhibit DM-5.

8 The performance of these obligations was completed by RCMA in July 2018,
following which the Funds were received by SEPPL in its Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corp Ltd Bank account (“OCBC Account”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 20.

Diminishing of the Funds

Withdrawals by Mr Peloso

9 On 24 September 2018, Mr Peloso withdrew $1.5m from SEPPL’s OCBC Account.
This sum was used to extend a loan to Sun Electric Energy Assets Pte Ltd
(“SEEAPL”), a company wholly owned by SESPL and therefore also under Mr
Peloso’s control. SEEAPL made a partial repayment of $1.2m in respect of this
loan, which was remitted to the OCBC Account. The outstanding amount of
$300,000 was purportedly set off against moneys owed by SEPPL to SEEAPL. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 62; 1st Affidavit of Matthew Peloso filed in
HC/OS 1060/2019, dated 20 August 2019 (“JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso”), at
paras 10 and 48(k)–(l).

10 On 27 November 2018, 3 December 2018 and 17 December 2018, Mr Peloso made
three further transfers totalling $6,091,555.39 from the OCBC Account to
SEPPL’s DBS Bank Ltd account (“DBS Account”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 63; JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at para
49.

Garnishment of the Funds

11 On 8 January 2019, a UAE-incorporated company, Kashish Worldwide FZE
(“Kashish”), commenced a suit in Singapore against SEPPL for $6,995,755.78
pursuant to contracts for differences (“the CFDs”) allegedly executed between
Kashish and SEPPL. SEPPL did not enter an appearance. Thus, on 4 February
2019, Kashish obtained judgment in default of appearance against SEPPL for the
claimed sum in addition to interest thereon and costs. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 66(a)–b); JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso,
at paras 51–53.

12 On 13 February 2019, Kashish applied to garnish the DBS Account and
obtained a garnishee order (dated 18 February 2019) for DBS Bank Ltd to show
cause. A copy of this court order was served on SEPPL on 21 February 2019.

13 On 8 March 2019, the court granted Kashish’s garnishee application and
ordered DBS Bank Ltd to disburse the funds in the DBS Account to Kashish in
partial satisfaction of the judgment debt owed to it by SEPPL. This was duly
executed by DBS Bank Ltd, which informed SEPPL by way of a debit notice dated
21 March 2019 that it had debited the DBS Account in full pursuant to the
court order. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 66(d)–(f); JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso,
at paras 55–56.

As a result, there were no remaining moneys in the DBS Account.

SEPPL’s application for judicial management

14 SEPPL applied for judicial management (“JM”) and interim judicial
management (“IJM”) on 21 August 2019 and 17 September 2019 respectively. The
IJM application was dismissed on 23 September 2019, with costs of $3,500
ordered to be paid by SEPPL to RCMA. The JM application was similarly
dismissed on 24 October 2019 because the court did not consider that the
making of a JM order would be likely to achieve a more advantageous
realisation of SEPPL’s assets than a winding-up of SEPPL. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at p 109, Exhibit DM-8.

The court further ordered costs of $8,000 to be paid by SEPPL to RCMA. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 25–28.

These costs amounted to $11,500 in total (“the Costs”).

15 On 30 October 2019, RCMA’s solicitors sent a letter to SEPPL’s solicitors
requesting that SEPPL make payment of the Costs. However, SEPPL failed to do
so. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 29 and 30.

The Mareva injunction

16 On 16 September 2019, Dedar Singh Gill JC (as he then was) granted a Mareva
injunction restraining SEPPL and its related entities from removing from
Singapore any assets in Singapore, and/or disposing of, dealing with or
diminishing the value of any assets whether in or outside Singapore, up to the
value of $1,853,795.95. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

HC/ORC 6465/2019.

17 In doing so, Gill JC had considered that there was a real risk of
dissipation of assets, based on the apparent breach of the Injunction through
SEPPL’s abovementioned withdrawal of moneys from the OCBC Account and the
garnishment of the moneys in the DBS Account by Kashish (see Sun Electric Pte
Ltd and another v Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd and another [2020] SGHC 18 (“Sun
Electric”) at [19], [24] and [26]).

Service of statutory demand on SEPPL

18 On 21 November 2019, RCMA’s solicitors sent a letter served by hand and by
registered mail to SEPPL’s registered office, requiring SEPPL to make payment
of $11,568.88, being the amount of the Costs and accrued interest (“the
Statutory Demand”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 50; Exhibit DM-15.

19 On 11 December 2019, SEPPL’s solicitors responded to the Statutory Demand
by letter. SEPPL admitted to owing RCMA $11,500 and interest of 5.33% per
annum, and proposed to make payment to RCMA in instalments. SEPPL proposed to
pay the first instalment of $3,000 on 13 December 2019, the second instalment
of $3,000 on 27 December 2019 and the final instalment of $5,500 as well as
all accrued interest on 10 January 2020. However, RCMA rejected this proposal
on the same day. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 51 and 52; Exhibit DM-16.

20 Nevertheless, RCMA received $3,000 from SEPPL by way of payment into RCMA’s
solicitors’ client account on 13 December 2019. Thus, the amount of $8,568.88
in addition to accrued interest since 21 November 2019 remained due and owing
from SEPPL to RCMA. Apart from the first instalment of $3,000, no further
payments were made by SEPPL to RCMA. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 53 and 54.

As of 24 August 2020, due to the accrual of interest on the outstanding Costs,
the amount of $8,973.41 remained due and owing from SEPPL to RCMA. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PWS, at para 94.

My decision

21 The grounds for winding-up relied upon by RCMA are ss 254(1)(e) and/or
254(1)(i) of the Companies Act. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PWS, at paras 5 and 45.

Section 254(1)(e) pertains to the company being “unable to pay its debts”,
whereas s 254(1)(i) pertains to the court being of the opinion that it is
“just and equitable that the company be wound up”. Having considered the
parties’ submissions and the evidence, I found that both grounds were
satisfied. Before addressing each of these grounds, I shall first deal with
several preliminary issues.

Preliminary issues

Locus standi

22 RCMA submitted that it was entitled to apply for SEPPL’s winding-up as it
was a prospective or contingent creditor of SEPPL for $7,466,668.01 (the
amount claimed by RCMA in Suit 191) and a creditor of SEPPL for $8,973.41 (the
amount of the outstanding Costs and accrued interest). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 24 August 2020 (“PWS”), at para 4.

23 Section 253(1)(b) of the Companies Act states that a company may be wound
up upon an order of the court on the application of “any creditor, including a
contingent or prospective creditor, of the company”. In Re People’s Parkway
Development Pte Ltd [1991] 2 SLR(R) 567 at [10], the High Court cited the
definition in Re William Hockley Ltd [1962] 1 WLR 555 at 558 that a
“contingent creditor” is “a person towards whom under an existing obligation,
the company may or will become subject to a present liability upon the
happening of some future event or at some future date”.

24 Here, under its obligations in the Agreement, SEPPL may become subject to a
judgment debt upon Suit 191 being decided in favour of RCMA. Thus, RCMA was a
contingent or prospective creditor of SEPPL. It was also a creditor of SEPPL
for the amount of the outstanding Costs.

Threshold amount

25 Another preliminary issue was whether s 22(1)(a) of the COVID-19 (Temporary
Measures) Act 2020 (Act 14 of 2020) (“COVID-19 Act”) applied to the present
application. Section 22(1)(a) of the COVID-19 Act raises the threshold amount
under s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act from $10,000 to $100,000, as follows:

22.–(1) During the prescribed period, the Companies Act … applies as if –

(a) the reference in section 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act to ‘$10,000’ were
a reference to ‘$100,000’; and

…

26 SEPPL submitted that s 22(1)(a) of the COVID-19 Act applied. Since the
outstanding Costs and accrued interest amounted to $8,957.79 (based on SEPPL’s
own calculations), this fell short of the increased threshold amount of
$100,000. Therefore, SEPPL could not be deemed to be unable to pay its debts
pursuant to s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 24 August 2020 (“DWS”), at para 5.

27 With respect, I disagreed with this submission. Section 2 of the COVID-19
(Temporary Measures) (Prescribed Period) Order 2020 (S 302/2020) defines the
“prescribed period” as “6 months commencing on 20 April 2020”. The COVID-19
Act was enacted in response to the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In particular, it was intended “to give breathing space” to businesses
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic (see K Shanmugam, Minister for Law, “Second
Reading Speech by Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam, on the COVID-19 (Temporary
Measures) Bill” (7 April 2020) at para 63, mlaw.gov.sg (accessed 10 September
2020)). Given that purpose, the prescribed period must refer to the time at
which the statutory demand was served, not the time of the hearing of the
winding-up application.

28 Here, the Statutory Demand was served on SEPPL on 21 November 2019. This
fell outside of the prescribed period. Therefore, s 22(1)(a) of the COVID-19
Act did not apply. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS, at paras 54 and 55.

Whether SEPPL was unable to repay its debts

The parties’ submissions

29 RCMA submitted that SEPPL was deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to s
254(2)(a) of the Companies Act as it failed to satisfy the Statutory Demand.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS, at para 115.

Alternatively, SEPPL was deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to s
254(2)(c) of the Companies Act, as SEPPL was both cash flow insolvent and
balance sheet insolvent. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PWS, at paras 88 and

30 In response, SEPPL submitted that after it made partial payment of $3,000,
SEPPL’s debt to RCMA in respect of the Costs was reduced to about $8,568.88,
which was less than the $10,000 threshold in s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act.
Therefore, s 254(2)(a) did not apply to this case. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DWS, at para 7(b).

SEPPL further submitted that SEPPL was not in fact unable to pay its debts.
This was evidenced by its latest balance sheet showing that (a) SEPPL’s total
current assets amounted to $479,770, whereas it had no current liabilities;
and (b) excluding SEPPL’s contingent liability to RCMA, SEPPL’s total assets
exceeded its total liabilities. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DWS, at para 2.

The applicable law

31 Pursuant to s 254(1)(e) of the Companies Act, the court may order a
winding-up if “the company is unable to pay its debts”. Section 254(2) of the
Companies Act provides a definition of a company’s inability to pay its debts.
There are three situations illustrated in this provision. Sections 254(2)(a)
and 254(2)(c) of the Companies Act were relevant to this case. I shall first
deal with s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act.

SEPPL was insolvent under s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act

32 Was the presumption of insolvency under s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act
inapplicable because SEPPL’s outstanding debt (ie, the outstanding Costs) was
less than $10,000 when RCMA filed its winding-up application? I shall refer to
this provision to ascertain the point in time at which the $10,000 threshold
should be operative. The said provision reads:

Definition of inability to pay debts

(2) A company shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts if –

(a) a creditor by assignment or otherwise to whom the company is indebted in a
sum exceeding $10,000 then due has served on the company by leaving at the
registered office a demand under his hand or under the hand of his agent
thereunto lawfully authorised requiring the company to pay the sum so due, and
the company has for 3 weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure
or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor;

33 It appeared from this provision that at the time the statutory demand is
served on the company the debt must exceed $10,000. In this case, RCMA served
the Statutory Demand on SEPPL for the payment of the debt sum of $11,568.88
which exceeded $10,000. Thereafter, SEPPL had three weeks from 21 November
2019 to pay this sum. However, SEPPL only paid $3,000 at the end of the three
weeks (ie, 13 December 2019). Although the debt sum (including accrued
interest) by then fell to $8,612.40 (ie, below the threshold amount of
$10,000), it was not to the reasonable satisfaction of RCMA and RCMA thus
lodged the present winding-up application on 18 December 2019. Therefore, RCMA
had shown that s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act was satisfied notwithstanding
that the amount of the debt fell below $10,000 at the time the present
winding-up application was lodged. SEPPL was accordingly deemed to be
insolvent under s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act.

34 Regarding the Statutory Demand, I would like to mention that at the hearing
where I allowed RCMA’s application to wind up SEPPL, I mistook the Statutory
Demand to have included RCMA’s claim of $7,466,668.01 in Suit 191.
Nevertheless, this was not a material error in my decision to grant RCMA’s
application to wind up SEPPL.

SEPPL was also insolvent under s 254(2)(c) of the Companies Act

35 Section 254(2)(c) of the Companies Act states that a company is deemed to
be unable to pay its debts if:

[I]t is proved to the satisfaction of the Court that the company is unable to
pay its debts; and in determining whether a company is unable to pay its debts
the Court shall take into account the contingent and prospective liabilities
of the company.

36 This is a holistic and commercial inquiry into “the company’s position
taken as a whole by reference to whether a person would expect that at some
point the company would be unable to meet a liability” (see Chip Thye
Enterprises Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Phay Gi Mo and others [2004] 1 SLR(R)
434 at [19]). It could involve the application of one or more of several
tests, depending on the circumstances of the case. As Judith Prakash J (as she
then was) in Kon Yin Tong and another v Leow Boon Cher and others [2011] SGHC
228 explained at [33], [36], [39] and [40]:

33 Despite the fact that no one single test is conclusive as a measure of
solvency, it is commonly accepted that the two primary indicia of a company’s
inability to pay debts are the cash flow test and the balance sheet test. For
most purposes, it is the present inability to pay debts that is the crucial
factor.

…

36 The cash flow test deems a company insolvent when it cannot meet its
obligations as and when they fall due. The balance-sheet test, on the other
hand, would deem a company insolvent when the current liabilities of the
company exceed its assets.

…

39 On the other hand, the balance sheet test deems a company insolvent if its
assets are insufficient to meet its liabilities, including contingent and
prospective liabilities. It is thus a wider test than the ‘cash flow’ test
which only takes into account debts.

40 A ‘contingent liability’ would refer to a liability or other loss which
arises out of an existing legal obligation or state of affairs, but which is
dependent on the happening of an event that may or may not occur. ‘Prospective
liability’ however, has been judicially defined as ‘a debt which will
certainly become due in the future, either on some date which has already been
determined or on some date determinable by reference to future events’. It
thus embraces both future debts, in the sense of liquidated sums due, and non-
liquidated claims.

37 Similarly, Ang Cheng Hock J in Seah Chee Wan and another v Connectus Group
Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 228 held at [63] that:

A company is unable to pay its debts, or insolvent, if it fails either the
cash flow test or the balance sheet test … A company that has failed to meet a
current demand for a debt already due fails the cash flow test, while a
company which presents a deficit on an overall balancing of liabilities
against assets fails the balance sheet test … No one test is dominant, and
both tests may be relevant depending on the circumstances of the case. Regard
must ultimately be given to all the evidence which appears relevant to the
question of insolvency …

(1) Cash flow insolvency

38 I begin the inquiry first from the perspective of the cash flow test.
Having considered the parties’ submissions and the evidence, it was clear that
SEPPL was cash flow insolvent.

39 I found it particularly significant that Mr Peloso himself attested in his
application to appoint a judicial manager over SEPPL that SEPPL was cash flow
insolvent. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PWS, at paras 98(a).

In an affidavit filed on behalf of SEPPL in respect of its JM application (“Mr
Peloso’s JM Affidavit”), Mr Peloso stated that as at 31 July 2019, SEPPL’s
cash balance amounted to $93,599.64 whereas its total current liabilities
amounted to $1,845,662.12. Mr Peloso asserted unequivocally that this cash
balance was “insufficient to satisfy [SEPPL’s] current third party
liabilities”. This was supported by a copy of SEPPL’s unaudited management
accounts (“the Management Accounts”). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at paras 23 and 24; Tab 4 of Exhibit MP-1.

Thus, based on Mr Peloso’s own evidence, SEPPL was likely to be unable to meet
its obligations as they fell due, if it was not already unable to do so.

40 Although that was the state of SEPPL’s financial position in October 2019
(the time of the hearing of the JM application), the evidence suggested that
this state of affairs persisted up till the hearing of the present
application. In particular, it was undisputed that SEPPL owed a debt to RCMA
in the form of the outstanding Costs and had been unable to fully discharge
this debt. RCMA first requested for payment of the Costs in October 2019. In
the 11 months between this initial request and the time of the hearing of the
winding-up application, only $3,000 had been paid by SEPPL. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PWS, at paras 89–94.

Although SEPPL continuously asserted that it was prepared to pay the
outstanding Costs, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DWS, at para 5; NEs, 7 September 2020, at p 60, lines 19–20.

the fact remained that no such payment was ever made. In fact, when the
parties first appeared before me on 14 August 2020, SEPPL’s counsel
emphatically stated that SEPPL was prepared to pay the outstanding Costs to
RCMA within the next three days. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions, dated 13 August 2020, at para 5.

The hearing of the winding-up application was eventually adjourned to 7
September 2020. However, even on 7 September 2020, the outstanding Costs
remained unpaid. As at 24 August 2020, the outstanding Costs and accrued
interest amounted to about $8,973.41 and this was a relatively small sum,
particularly for a company which purported to have $40,929.72 in its bank
balance as at 30 June 2020. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at p 5, Exhibit MP-1.

I found this highly concerning and this was a strong indicator of SEPPL’s
inability to pay its debts. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PWS, at para 95.

41 Therefore, I concluded that SEPPL was cash flow insolvent. SEPPL’s failure
to pay the outstanding Costs (and accrued interest) to RMCA amounted to a
failure to meet a current demand for a debt already due. Based on SEPPL’s
financial position in October 2019, this appeared to be one instance of a
general inability to meet its financial obligations. Although SEPPL sought to
persuade the court otherwise by the production of a one-page balance sheet, I
did not place much weight on this balance sheet for reasons which I shall
elaborate on below.

(2) Balance sheet insolvency

42 I turn now to the balance sheet test. In this respect, I also concluded
that SEPPL was balance sheet insolvent.

(A) SEPPL’s balance sheet as at July and September 2019

43 As with the cash flow test, SEPPL’s Management Accounts depicted a
discouraging state of affairs for SEPPL in terms of balance sheet solvency. As
at 31 July 2019, SEPPL’s total assets amounted to $287,295.29 whereas its
total liabilities (excluding contingent liabilities) amounted to
$2,156,160.36. Including contingent liabilities, SEPPL’s total liabilities
amounted to $10,397,998.91, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, Tab 4 of Exhibit MP-1; PWS, at para 107.

exceeding its total assets by $10,110,703.62. Clearly, SEPPL’s total assets
were dwarfed by its total liabilities.

44 This conclusion was affirmed by Mr Jotangia Paresh Tribhovan (“Mr
Jotangia”) of Grant Thornton Singapore Pte Ltd, who had been appointed by
SEPPL to review SEPPL’s financial condition for the purposes of the JM
application. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Affidavit of Jotangia Paresh Tribhovan filed in HC/OS 1060/2019, dated 21
October 2019 (“JM Affidavit of Jotangia”), at para 4; PWS, at paras 109 and
111.

In an affidavit filed on 21 October 2019, Mr Jotangia set out SEPPL’s balance
sheet as at 30 September 2019 (“the September 2019 Balance Sheet”). The
September 2019 Balance Sheet was only marginally more optimistic than the
Management Accounts. SEPPL’s total assets had increased slightly to $377,342,
whereas its total liabilities (excluding contingent liabilities) and total
liabilities (including contingent liabilities) had decreased slightly to
$2,021,530 and $10,263,369 respectively. On the whole, the September 2019
Balance Sheet reaffirmed the conclusion drawn from the Management Accounts
that SEPPL’s total liabilities greatly outweighed its total assets.

(B) SEPPL’s balance sheet between September 2019 and April 2020

45 From the above, I concluded that as at 30 September 2019, SEPPL was balance
sheet insolvent. The question, therefore, was whether this state of SEPPL’s
insolvency persisted up till the date of the hearing of the winding-up
application. In my view, it did. In reaching this conclusion, I found several
points pertinent.

46 First, Mr Peloso in his JM Affidavit stated that SEPPL’s operations had
been loss-making for the seven months prior to 31 July 2019. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at para 26.

This was supported by the profit and loss statement in the Management
Accounts, which showed SEPPL’s gross profit amounting to $122,204.23 and total
operating expenses amounting to $495,040.64. This resulted in a net loss of
$352,672. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at Tab 4 of Exhibit MP-1.

Therefore, it appeared to be that SEPPL had not been doing particularly well
in the first half of 2019.

47 Secondly, Mr Jotangia’s affidavit contained a 25-week cash flow forecast
projecting SEPPL’s cash inflows and outflows from October 2019 to April 2020.
Mr Jotangia had concluded that SEPPL’s operations could be conducted
profitably during this period. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

JM Affidavit of Jotangia, at para 12.

Based on the forecast, SEPPL’s cash in its bank accounts would increase from
$32,146 in the week commencing on 20 October 2019 to $216,708 in the week
commencing on 12 April 2020. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

JM Affidavit of Jotangia, at Exhibit PJ-5.

This was more conservative than Mr Peloso’s original projection, which had
indicated that SEPPL’s cash in its bank account would increase to $449,064 in
the week of 12 April 2020. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

JM Affidavit of Jotangia, at Exhibit PJ-4.

Since SEPPL’s business had been loss-making for the last seven months prior to
31 July 2019, it was dubious whether it could indeed achieve the profits
projected by Mr Jotangia. Nevertheless, assuming Mr Jotangia’s projections
were correct, by April 2020, SEPPL’s cash would increase by about $188,686.
This number was obtained by subtracting from $216,708 (the amount of cash
projected to be in SEPPL’s bank account in the week commencing on 12 April
2020) the sum of $28,022 (the amount of cash already in SEPPL’s bank account
as at 30 September 2019).

48 It would mean that by April 2020, SEPPL’s total assets would have increased
to approximately $566,028. This number was derived by adding $188,686 (the
projected increase in cash assets) to $377,342 (the amount of SEPPL’s total
assets as at 30 September 2019). Even then, SEPPL’s total assets would still
be dwarfed by its total liabilities, both including and excluding contingent
liabilities. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PWS, at para 111.

Of course, this assumed there was minimal or no change in SEPPL’s total
liabilities. This was a reasonable assumption given that about 70% of SEPPL’s
total liabilities comprised RCMA’s contingent or prospective debt of
$7,466,668.01. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PWS, at para 110.

Since RCMA’s contingent or prospective debt remained unchanged till the date
of the winding-up application, it was reasonable to conclude that there were
no significant changes in SEPPL’s total liabilities up till the date of the
winding-up hearing. Therefore, I concluded that even if SEPPL were to be
profit-making in the period between September 2019 and April 2020, it would
still be balance sheet insolvent in April 2020.

(C) SEPPL’s balance sheet after April 2020

49 Thirdly, it was unlikely that this position changed significantly in the
period between April 2020 and the hearing of the winding-up application. SEPPL
had been loss-making in the seven months prior to 31 July 2019 and it was
projected to make a modest profit at best in the months between September 2019
and April 2020. This was not likely to change significantly after April 2020.
Rather, given the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, it was more likely
that SEPPL suffered further financial losses. Therefore, I concluded that as
at the date of the hearing of the winding-up application, SEPPL was balance
sheet insolvent.

(D) Balance sheet produced by SEPPL

50 In support of its contention that SEPPL was solvent, SEPPL produced a one-
page balance sheet exhibited to Mr Peloso’s affidavit, purportedly showing
SEPPL’s financial situation as at 30 June 2020 (“the June 2020 Balance
Sheet”). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at p 5, Exhibit MP-1; DWS, at para 2.

However, I did not place much weight on this balance sheet for the following
reasons.

51 First, the provenance of the June 2020 Balance Sheet was unclear. Mr Peloso
in his affidavit claimed that it had been prepared by a qualified chartered
accountant, Edmund Ho (“Mr Ho”). Counsel for SEPPL emphasised that the June
2020 Balance Sheet was stated to be “[p]repared by” and signed by “Edmund Ho,
CPA (Aust)”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at para 5; p 5, Exhibit MP-1; NEs, 7 September
2020, at p 86, lines 9–15; p 87, lines 11–12.

However, Mr Ho himself did not file an affidavit to attest to the accuracy of
the June 2020 Balance Sheet or his relevant certifications. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PWS, at para 104.

The presence of a signature ostensibly belonging to Mr Ho was sorely
insufficient. Neither could the court simply take the word of Mr Peloso and
SEPPL’s counsel as a given. There was, thus, no evidence regarding how the
June 2020 Balance Sheet actually came about. This lack of clarity on the
origins of the June 2020 Balance Sheet undermined its reliability.

52 Secondly, the court was not provided with any explanation of how the June
2020 Balance Sheet had been prepared, or what information had been relied on
in its preparation. This was partly due to the lack of an accompanying
affidavit by Mr Ho. Further, unlike the September 2019 Balance Sheet prepared
by Mr Jotangia, the June 2020 Balance Sheet did not contain any notes to
explain how the figures had been derived or what assumptions had been made in
its preparation. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs, 7 September 2020, at p 8, lines 15–18.

This was especially concerning given several inconsistencies or inaccuracies
in the June 2020 Balance Sheet, as follows:

(a) The June 2020 Balance Sheet did not reflect SEPPL’s current liabilities at
all. It only set out non-current liabilities and there was no entry for
current liabilities. This was unlike the balance sheet contained in the
Management Accounts and the September 2019 Balance Sheet, which reflected
total current liabilities of $1,845,662.12 and $1,702,982 respectively. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at p 5, Exhibit MP-1; JM Affidavit of Matthew
Peloso, at p 64, Tab 4 of Exhibit MP-1; JM Affidavit of Jotangia, at pp 8–9.

In this respect, the June 2020 Balance Sheet appeared to be incomplete.

(b) The June 2020 Balance Sheet also did not reflect contingent liabilities,
including RCMA’s contingent or prospective debt of $7,466,668.01 (ie, the sum
claimed in Suit 191). This was unlike the balance sheet contained in the
Management Accounts and the September 2019 Balance Sheet, which reflected
contingent liabilities of $8,241,838.55 and $8,241,839 respectively. Again,
this suggested that the June 2020 Balance Sheet was incomplete.

(c) The June 2020 Balance Sheet contained an entry for “Other liabilities”
amounting to $927,594.61. This figure corresponded exactly to the outstanding
amount Mr Peloso claimed was owed by SEPPL to Kashish in his JM Affidavit. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at p 5, Exhibit MP-1; JM Affidavit of Matthew
Peloso, at para 25(a).

If that was indeed the case, this sum should have been reflected as a current
liability, given that it was a judgment debt already due and owing to Kashish
pursuant to the default judgment Kashish obtained against SEPPL.

53 The aforementioned points in addition to the complete lack of explanation
by Mr Ho, who apparently prepared the June 2020 Balance Sheet, led me to
seriously doubt the veracity and reliability of the June 2020 Balance Sheet.
In particular, the last point at [52(c)] was significant. If the sum of
$927,594.61 was regarded as a current liability, it would mean that SEPPL’s
total current liabilities exceeded its total current assets, assuming the
other figures reflected in the June 2020 Balance Sheet were accurate. In other
words, it would show that SEPPL was cash flow insolvent. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NEs, 7 September 2020, at p 13, lines 1–3.

While there may have been a reason for labelling the sum of $927,594.61 as
“Other liabilities”, this was not made known to the court due to the lack of
any accompanying explanation by Mr Ho, who allegedly prepared the June 2020
Balance Sheet. In these circumstances, I could only conclude that the June
2020 Balance Sheet was erroneous at best, and deliberately misleading at
worst. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs, 7 September 2020, at p 12, lines 21–25.

54 Finally, apart from the figures and entries in the June 2020 Balance Sheet
itself, there was also no explanation from SEPPL as to its sudden recovery
from insolvency. Comparing the June 2020 Balance Sheet to the September 2019
Balance Sheet, in less than a year, SEPPL’s total liabilities (excluding
contingent liabilities) had reduced from $2,021,530 to $1,214,337.48, and its
fixed assets increased from zero to $934,058.77. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at p 5, Exhibit MP-1; JM Affidavit of Jotangia,
at pp 8–9

There was no explanation from Mr Peloso as to the facts giving rise to these
numbers, for instance, how SEPPL managed to halve its total liabilities in
such a short span of time, the nature of its fixed assets and how they had
been acquired. In his five-page affidavit, Mr Peloso simply asserted that
SEPPL was solvent and its “financial position [had] improved substantially”.
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at paras 4–6.

SEPPL’s own written submissions recognised this lack of explanation. While
SEPPL’s counsel submitted that SEPPL was prepared to explain how the situation
had changed, this begged the question as to why no such explanation was put
forth in the first place when this was a significant factor to parry off
RCMA’s winding-up application. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DWS, at para 4; NEs, 7 September 2020, at p 70, lines 17–18.

55 Counsel for SEPPL also sought to explain that there were improvements from
SEPPL’s financial situation as at 31 July 2019 and these were due to (a) an
increase in SEPPL’s share capital from $45,605.99 to $366,306.99; (b) a
reduction in SEPPL’s accumulated losses from $1,561,799.06 to $372,237.16; and
(c) SEPPL becoming more profitable than before. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at p 5, Exhibit MP-1; JM Affidavit of Matthew
Peloso, at p 64, Tab 4 of Exhibit MP-1; NEs, 7 September 2020, at p 53, lines
5–23; p 54, lines 12–27; p 54, line 30 to p 55, line 19.

However, there were no explanations for how such improvements came about in
the first place. Further, these pertained to SEPPL’s equity, and did not
explain how its total liabilities decreased and its fixed assets increased.
Most importantly, it was not for SEPPL’s counsel to furnish such an
explanation, which would be inadmissible as evidence from the Bar. Rather, it
was for SEPPL to elaborate on via the filing of affidavits. It did not do so.

56 For these reasons, I placed little weight on the June 2020 Balance Sheet.
Although it appeared to be SEPPL’s most recent balance sheet, the issues
raised above significantly undermined its credibility. I was therefore not
persuaded by SEPPL’s submission that the June 2020 Balance Sheet showed that
SEPPL was solvent. Instead, I concluded from the Management Accounts and the
September 2019 Balance Sheet, as well as the affidavits filed on behalf of
SEPPL in its JM Application, that SEPPL was balance sheet insolvent and had
been balance sheet insolvent since at least July 2019.

Conclusion on whether SEPPL was unable to pay its debts

57 For the above reasons, I concluded that SEPPL was deemed to be insolvent
under s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act due to its failure to satisfy the
Statutory Demand. I also concluded that SEPPL was both cash flow insolvent and
balance sheet insolvent. This led me to the further conclusion that SEPPL was
unable to pay its debts. The evidence suggested that this had been the case
since at least July 2019. In fact, one of the grounds for SEPPL’s JM
application was that SEPPL was or would be unable to pay its debts. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at para 23; Affidavit of David Maher, at p 99,
Exhibit DM-8; PWS, at para 100.

It was only in this present winding-up application that SEPPL made an about-
turn on its financial position, based solely on the June 2020 Balance Sheet.
However, I did not find the June 2020 Balance Sheet to be a reliable basis for
assessing SEPPL’s financial situation. Rather, the documents and affidavits
filed on behalf of SEPPL in its JM application suggested that it was insolvent
at the time the JM application was made, and continued to be insolvent up till
the hearing of the present winding-up application. If indeed SEPPL was solvent
as shown by the June 2020 Balance Sheet, how was it that SEPPL could not pay
the small outstanding sum of $8,973.41? Based on this, s 254(2)(c) of the
Companies Act was also satisfied – SEPPL was proven, and thus deemed, to be
unable to pay its debts within the meaning of s 254(1)(e) of the Companies
Act.

58 Therefore, I found that SEPPL was deemed to be unable to pay its debts, by
virtue of either s 254(2)(a) or s 254(2)(c) of the Companies Act, thereby
satisfying the ground for winding-up under s 254(1)(e) of the Companies Act.

Whether it was just and equitable to wind up SEPPL

59 I turn now to RCMA’s alternative ground for its winding-up application.
Section 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act states that the court may order a
winding-up if it is “of [the] opinion that it is just and equitable that the
company be wound up”. In Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar Investments Pte Ltd [2006] 3
SLR(R) 827, the Court of Appeal opined at [31] that “the notion of unfairness
lies at the heart of the ‘just and equitable’ jurisdiction in s 254(1)(i)”. As
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in Summit Co (S) Pte Ltd v Pacific Biosciences Pte Ltd
[2006] SGHC 190 (“Summit”) observed at [5], the objective test for unfairness
is “whether a reasonable bystander observing the consequences of their conduct
would regard it as having unfairly prejudiced the petitioner’s interests”.

60 One instance in which the court may grant a just and equitable winding-up
is when there is a loss of confidence in the directors on account of their
lack of probity in the conduct and management of the company affairs (see
Chong Choon Chai and another v Tan Gee Cheng and another [1993] 2 SLR(R) 685
at [9], citing Loch v John Blackwood, Ltd [1924] AC 783). However, the Court
of Appeal in Chow Kok Chuen v Chow Kwok Chi and another [2008] 4 SLR(R) 362
held at [15] and [17] that grounds for the court to exercise its “just and
equitable” jurisdiction are “not a closed list”. Rather, the “concept of ‘just
and equitable’ is a dynamic one and [the court] should not circumscribe its
scope by reference to case law”. In this vein, the Court of Appeal (at [14])
cited In re Blériot Manufacturing Aircraft Company (Limited) (1916) 32 TLR
253, where Neville J remarked at 255 that:

The words ‘just and equitable’ are words of the widest significance, and do
not limit the jurisdiction of the Court to any case. It is a question of fact,
and each case must depend on its own circumstances.

61 RCMA submitted that given the suspicious circumstances relating to the
Funds, it was just and equitable for a liquidator to be appointed over SEPPL
in order to determine if there had been any misfeasance or fraudulent activity
on the part of its management and pursue the appropriate action for the
benefit of SEPPL’s creditors. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PWS, at paras 123 and 124.

In particular, it highlighted the withdrawals by Mr Peloso from the Funds and
the garnishment of the Funds, which it submitted were in breach of the
Injunction.

62 In response, SEPPL submitted that the alleged breaches of the Injunction
were the subject of ongoing committal proceedings, and that the withdrawal of
$1.5m by Mr Peloso had not been in breach of the Injunction. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NEs, 7 September 2020, at p 71, lines 8–20.

Further, SEPPL submitted that Gill JC’s findings in Sun Electric ([17] supra)
regarding the impropriety of the dealings with the Funds had been made without
the benefit of all the relevant evidence. Moreover, SEPPL was intending to set
aside or vary the Mareva injunction in due course. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DWS, at para 15.

63 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the evidence, I found that
the circumstances were such that it was just and equitable for SEPPL to be
wound up. I also considered the findings made by Gill JC in Sun Electric
regarding the dealings with the Funds, which eventually led him to conclude
that there was a real risk of dissipation of assets by SEPPL (see Sun Electric
at [37]).

Withdrawals from the OCBC Account

64 I turn first to the withdrawals made by Mr Peloso from the OCBC Account in
apparent breach of the Injunction. I found it significant that at all times,
Mr Peloso was aware that the Injunction was in force, enjoining the movement
of the moneys in the OCBC Account. Therefore, the withdrawals were made with
the knowledge that they were, or could be, in breach of the Injunction. In
respect of the withdrawal of $1.5m made on 24 September 2018, Mr Peloso
admitted in his JM Affidavit that “this sum should not have been transferred
out of the OCBC Account” and “the loan to SEEAPL in September 2018 should not
have been made”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at paras 48(k) and 50.

Gill JC in Sun Electric made a similar observation at [25]:

In other words, Mr Peloso was aware that the money should not have been
withdrawn from the OCBC Account. He was conscious that removing the sum
constituted a breach of the terms of the RCMA injunction. Still, he proceeded
to withdraw the sum of money from the OCBC Account. Mr Peloso’s justification
for defying a clear court order (ie, the RCMA Injunction) was that SEEAPL
‘urgently required monies to pay a contractor’ and that ‘the funds in SEPPL’s
OCBC Account were the only option available at the time’. [emphasis in
original]

65 I also found it significant that large sums of money were withdrawn from
the OCBC Account not once, but at least four times in the period between 24
September 2018 and 17 December 2018. These evinced a blatant disregard for the
Injunction. Further, the last three withdrawals transferred all of the moneys
in the OCBC Account to the DBS Account, from which they were subsequently
garnished by Kashish. In other words, these transfers ultimately led to the
diminishing of the Funds despite the Injunction. I turn now to the garnishment
of the Funds by Kashish.

Garnishment by Kashish

66 RCMA highlighted numerous suspicious circumstances surrounding the
garnishment of the DBS Account by Kashish, none of which were satisfactorily
addressed by SEPPL.

67 First, Mr Peloso played a significant role in enabling Kashish to garnish
the DBS Account. As I observed above, the series of events leading to the
diminishing of the Funds began with Mr Peloso transferring over $6m from the
OCBC Account to the DBS Account, in spite of the Injunction. Further, it was
Mr Peloso who informed Kashish of the DBS Account by sending Kashish a copy of
a bank statement for the DBS Account for the month of December 2018. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 66(c) and Exhibit DM-17; Affidavit of
Anilkumar Kakadiya filed in HC/S 74/2019, dated 13 February 2019, at paras 7
and 8.

It was notable that at this time, the DBS Account contained only the moneys
transferred from the OCBC Account (ie, the Funds). Despite knowing that these
moneys were subject to the Injunction, Mr Peloso nevertheless informed Kashish
of these moneys and provided the relevant details of the DBS Account to
Kashish.

68 Secondly, despite the significance of the Injunction to Kashish’s garnishee
application and vice versa, no attempt was made by SEPPL or Kashish to apprise
the court or RCMA of such matters. Although SEPPL allegedly informed Kashish
via a letter dated 3 December 2018 that the moneys were subject to an
injunction order and thus “cannot be moved”, there was no evidence that either
SEPPL or Kashish informed the court determining the garnishee application of
the same. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 66(e); JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at
para 54.

Similarly, at no point did SEPPL inform RCMA about the garnishee application
or provide RCMA with a copy of the garnishee order. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 66(e).

69 Thirdly, I also found disconcerting the ease with which the Funds were
garnished from the DBS Account. The entire process took only three months
between the transfer of the moneys to the DBS Account in December 2017 and the
granting of the garnishee application in March 2018. Although the decision not
to enter an appearance was purportedly made pursuant to advice Mr Peloso
received from his solicitors, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at para 52.

I found this difficult to believe. Given SEPPL’s financial situation, it was
puzzling that SEPPL would simply decide not to contest a $6m claim, which was
not an insignificant amount. Further, this explanation was not even provided
to the court in this winding-up application. It could only be found in Mr
Peloso’s JM Affidavit. While SEPPL’s counsel sought to submit the same before
me, this was again evidence from the Bar.

70 Finally, numerous inconsistencies have been highlighted by RCMA as regards
the CFDs allegedly entered into between SEPPL and Kashish. These prompted
serious questions regarding the authenticity of the CFD trades and Kashish’s
claim against RCMA, none of which were addressed by SEPPL. Some
inconsistencies highlighted by RMCA were as follows:

(a) Kashish is a UAE-entity ostensibly engaged in general wholesale trade of
commodities and products. As RCMA pointed out, it was “bizarre” that such a
company would enter into CFDs with SEPPL in relation to wholesale electricity
prices in Singapore. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at paras 70(a)–(c).

(b) Although SEPPL claimed that its trading losses to Kashish were incurred
between 2016 and 2018, these were not reflected in SEPPL’s financial
statements as at 31 December 2016. The financial statements showed that SEPPL
did not have any derivative financial instruments, and only suffered trading
losses in respect of CFDs entered into with RCMA. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 70(e); pp 323 and 333, Exhibit DM-21.

(c) The prices at which the majority of the CFDs were bought and sold deviated
significantly from the daily settlement prices released by the Singapore
Exchange. This was unlike typical CFDs, where trades were done close to the
settlement prices released. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 71(b).

(d) The particulars provided in the quarterly statements allegedly issued
under the CFDs and CFD tickets were inconsistent with the CFDs and CFD tickets
themselves. Further, the quarterly statements contained information which
would only have been available after the date on which the quarterly
statements were purportedly produced, suggesting that the quarterly statements
had been backdated. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Affidavit of David Maher, at para 71(c).

Conclusion on just and equitable winding-up

71 Taken in totality, the circumstances highlighted above regarding the
withdrawals by Mr Peloso and the garnishment of the DBS Account were highly
suspicious. They suggested that SEPPL had intentionally diverted moneys from
the OCBC Account to the DBS Account in seemingly wilful breach of the
Injunction. This appeared to be done in order to dissipate the moneys through
a sham suit by Kashish, which was allowed in default of SEPPL’s appearance and
enforced by a garnishee order against the DBS Account. The undisputed outcome
of this series of events was that the Funds meant to be enjoined under the
Injunction for RCMA’s benefit were ultimately diminished and dissipated.

72 Most importantly, none of these conclusions were challenged by SEPPL, save
for its submission that they were the subject of committal proceedings and
Gill JC had made his decision in Sun Electric ([17] supra) on incomplete
evidence. If the evidence was indeed incomplete, SEPPL should have produced
more evidence to satisfactorily explain the abovementioned suspicious
circumstances. The failure to do so reinforced the conclusion that the
dealings with the Funds were less than above-board.

73 For these reasons, I considered this a case where the lack of probity in
the conduct and management of the company’s affairs justified a winding-up of
the company. Mr Peloso was SEPPL’s sole director and played a major role in
the diminishing of the Funds. Further, SEPPL’s conduct in dealing with and
diminishing the Funds unfairly prejudiced RCMA’s interests. RCMA had secured
some degree of security for itself in the form of a court-ordered Injunction,
only for the Injunction to be blatantly disregarded by SEPPL. Moreover, there
was also an element of subterfuge and deception involved in the diminishing of
the Funds. The evidence suggested that not only did SEPPL and Kashish withhold
significant information regarding the garnishee application and the Injunction
from the court and RCMA, the basis of the garnishee application (ie, the CFD
trades) were themselves a sham intended to deceive the court into allowing the
garnishment of the DBS Account. This was highly egregious and extremely unfair
towards RCMA. In this context, it would be just and equitable to wind up SEPPL
and appoint a liquidator to investigate any alleged wrongdoing on the part of
SEPPL and/or its officers, as well as take any necessary action, in the
interests of all of SEPPL’s creditors, including RCMA.

74 Therefore, I found that the ground for winding-up under s 254(1)(i) of the
Companies Act had also been established, and it was just and equitable for
SEPPL to be wound up.

Disputed debt

75 SEPPL submitted that the court should not exercise its power to order a
winding-up because RCMA’s debt of $7,466,668.01 was a disputed debt and the
subject of ongoing proceedings in Suit 191. SEPPL further submitted that RCMA
had an ulterior motive in filing the present winding-up application, namely,
to stifle SEPPL’s counterclaim in Suit 191 and facilitate the adjudication of
RCMA’s claims against SEPPL through the liquidator nominated by RCMA. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DWS, at paras 5 and 14.

Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I rejected
SEPPL’s submissions.

Whether there was a substantial and bona fide dispute

76 I begin with the relevant legal principles. As the Court of Appeal observed
in Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2
SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”) at [16] and [17], it is axiomatic that a
winding-up petition is not an appropriate means of enforcing a disputed debt,
and it would be an abuse of the process of the court to allow a creditor to
wind up a company on the basis of a disputed debt. However, the court must be
satisfied, on the basis of the evidence before it, that there is truly a
substantial and bona fide dispute regarding the debt. The applicable standard
in this regard is the same as in a summary judgment application, ie, whether
the company has raised triable issues (see Pacific Recreation at [23]). In LKM
Investment Holdings Pte Ltd v Cathay Theatres Pte Ltd [2000] 1 SLR(R) 135,
Prakash J (as she then was) cited at [20] the following passage to explain
what amounts to a substantial and bona fide dispute:

… [T]he dispute must be bona fide in both a subjective and an objective sense.
Thus the reason for not paying the debt must be honestly believed to exist and
must be based on substantial or reasonable grounds. …

77 In Suit 191, SEPPL disputed RCMA’s debt on the basis that: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SEPPL’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) filed in HC/S 191/2018,
dated 26 March 2019.

(a) RCMA was not entitled to the repayment of the prepayment loan as RCMA had
discharged SEPPL from the latter’s obligations to repay the prepayment loan;

(b) RCMA breached the Agreement by making unauthorised use of confidential
information provided to RCMA by SEPPL, thereby entitling SEPPL to liquidated
damages amounting to $1m and/or damages to be assessed; and

(c) SEPPL validly terminated the Agreement on 27 February 2018 such that the
assignment of the incentive payments received by SEPPL was no longer
effective.

78 While I found that these were substantial issues, I was not persuaded that
SEPPL’s dispute regarding RCMA’s debt was a bona fide one. Rather, I accepted
RCMA’s submission that SEPPL did not have any intention of proceeding to a
full trial on the merits of Suit 191. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PWS, at para 82.

This was evident from the manner in which SEPPL conducted itself in respect of
Suit 191, as follows:

(a) The trial for Suit 191 had been fixed for hearing from 27 August 2019 to
30 August 2019. However, on 2 July 2019, the day that parties were expected to
exchange affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”), SEPPL’s solicitors applied
to discharge themselves from acting for SEPPL in Suit 191. This was
notwithstanding the fact that solicitors from the same firm subsequently
represented SEPPL in its JM and IJM applications in August and September 2019.

(b) On 10 July 2019, SEPPL applied for Mr Peloso to represent SEPPL in Suit
191. This application was granted on 24 July 2019, subject to certain
conditions. However, neither Mr Peloso nor SEPPL complied with these
conditions. Consequently, SEPPL is currently unrepresented in Suit 191.

(c) Mr Peloso informed the learned assistant registrar during a pre-trial
conference on 25 July 2019 that he required six to eight weeks to file the
AEICs on behalf of SEPPL. Hence, the trial dates were vacated. However, about
four weeks later, on 21 August 2019, SEPPL filed its JM application. This
further delayed the hearing of the trial of Suit 191.

79 Although SEPPL’s counsel contended that SEPPL had indicated to him that it
would “likely appoint [him] or engage [him] to act for [SEPPL] in Suit 191”,
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NEs, 7 September 2020, p 69, lines 10–13.

and that SEPPL was intending to seek leave to amend its Defence and
Counterclaim in Suit 191, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DWS, at para 12.

all of this was yet again, evidence from the Bar. There was nothing from SEPPL
to explain the above circumstances suggesting that it was not genuinely
intending to dispute RCMA’s claim by way of a full trial in Suit 191. This was
reinforced by the above conclusions regarding SEPPL’s dealings with the Funds
in apparent breach of the Injunction (ordered as a temporary remedy for RCMA
in Suit 191), which indicated a complete disregard for the court’s process.
Thus, the circumstances in totality suggested to me that SEPPL was not bona
fide in defending its dispute of RCMA’s debt and pursuing its counterclaim.

80 For these reasons, I did not consider that there was a substantial and bona
fide dispute in respect of RCMA’s debt of $7,466,668.01.

Whether the court should order a winding-up even if there was a substantial
and bona fide dispute

81 Even if there was a substantial and bona fide dispute regarding RCMA’s
debt, I was of the view that exceptional circumstances existed justifying the
winding-up of SEPPL. In this regard, several English authorities were
instructive.

82 The first case was Re Claybridge Shipping Co SA [1997] 1 BCLC 572
(“Claybridge”), which concerned a disputed debt held by creditors seeking to
wind up a company. In the English Court of Appeal case, Oliver LJ came to the
conclusion that the disputed debt was not bona fide or of such substantiality
to warrant the winding-up petition to be struck out. He went on to explain at
579 that the dismissal of winding-up petitions involving disputed debts was a
rule of practice, rather than a rule of law:

… [T]he refusal of the court to entertain cases where the underlying debt is
said to be disputed is, in my judgment, a matter of practice only. It is not,
in general, convenient that the very status of the petitioner to proceed with
his petition should be fought out on a winding-up petition. But the court
must, I think, remain flexible in its approach to such cases. There may well
be cases where to compel the creditor to go off to another division of the
court to establish his debt would effectively deprive him of any remedy at
all. … The court must, I think, reserve to itself the right to determine
disputes – even perhaps in some cases substantial disputes – where this can be
done without undue inconvenience and where the position of the company … is
such that the likely result in effect of striking out the petition would be
that the creditor, if he established his debt, would lose his remedy
altogether. [emphasis added]

83 This was approved in another English Court of Appeal decision in Alipour v
Ary and Another [1997] 1 WLR 534, a case involving a disputed debt of the
creditor in an application to wind up a company. At 541G, 546A and 548B,
Gibson LJ observed the following:

[I]t is only a rule of practice and not one of law for the Companies Court to
refuse to determine a dispute on the creditor petitioner’s locus standi …

…

The position as we see it … is this. (1) A creditor’s petition based on a
disputed debt will normally be dismissed. (2) It will not be dismissed if the
petitioning creditor has a good arguable case that he is a creditor and the
effect of dismissal would be to deprive the petitioner of a remedy or
otherwise injustice would result or for some other sufficient reason the
petition should proceed. …

…

… [T]he rule of practice must … yield to the interests of justice when a
petitioner would probably be left without an effective remedy if the petition
were to be struck out. …

[emphasis added]

84 This rule of practice was recently approved by the English High Court in Re
GBI Investments Ltd; Lacontha Foundation v GBI Investments Pte Ltd [2010] 2
BCLC 624 (“GBI Investments”), where Warren J observed the following at [84]
and [85]:

84 The law today, which I regard as clear, is that there is no absolute
jurisdictional bar to a petition being allowed to proceed, or indeed the
making of a winding-up order, where the debt on which the petition is founded
is bona fide disputed on substantial grounds.

85 However, before the Companies Court will make a winding-up order or even
allow a petition to proceed where the debt is bona fide disputed on
substantial grounds, there have to be exceptional circumstances. …

85 In GBI Investments, Warren J held at [135] that the company should be wound
up because the petitioner was a creditor in respect of its claim for damages
for breach of contract, and the company was unable to pay its debt. However,
Warren J further considered at [136] that even if the debt was bona fide
disputed on substantial grounds, he would nonetheless make a winding-up order
as exceptional circumstances existed in that case. The exceptional
circumstances in that case were as follows:

(a) The evidence showed that the company was clearly insolvent even if the
debt were not owed to the petitioner (see GBI Investments at [160]).

(b) Even if the petitioner was not a creditor by reason of the disputed debt,
it would still be a creditor in relation to its unpaid costs (see GBI
Investments at [161]).

(c) No prejudice would be caused to the company if the winding-up order were
made, as the company’s only function was to hold certain bearer shares and it
was effectively dormant (see GBI Investments at [162]).

(d) The petitioner would be without an adequate remedy unless a winding-up
order were made. Once the provisional liquidators were discharged, the
controllers of the company would be able to deal freely with the company’s
assets. Consequently, if and when the petitioner eventually established its
claim, there would be no assets left to satisfy its claim in damages. Warren J
considered this the most important factor in his analysis. While the
petitioner could seek injunctive relief against the company’s controllers,
Warren J opined that a winding-up order would achieve better justice for the
company (see GBI Investments at [163] and [164]).

(e) A practical advantage of winding-up was that the liquidator would be able
and willing to assess the petitioner’s claims and resolve any outstanding
issues within the context of a winding-up.

86 The English position is that the court has the discretion to order a
winding-up notwithstanding that there is a substantial and bona fide dispute
in respect of the debt. However, this discretion should only be exercised in
exceptional circumstances. In exercising this discretion, the English courts
have emphasized the need to avoid injustice to the petitioner and the
respondent company, in particular, by ensuring that the petitioner is not
deprived of a remedy if it eventually establishes its debt against the
respondent company.

87 This issue has yet to be canvassed by the Singapore courts. In my view, the
English approach provides the court with the flexibility to deal with
exceptional cases where the application of the general rule would lead to
injustice. As the Court of Appeal observed in BNP Paribas v Jurong Shipyard
Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 949 (“BNP Paribas”) at [5], the court’s power to order
a winding-up is a discretionary one. This “discretion is a wide one and the
cases interpreting it should not be allowed to fetter it by rigid rules nor
detract from its generality” (see Woon’s Corporations Law (Walter Woon gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2019) at paras 755–800). In the exercise of this discretion, the
court must have regard to all the circumstances of the case and do what is
just and equitable in the interest of all the parties.

88 In this case, I considered that there were exceptional circumstances
justifying the winding-up of SEPPL, even if there was a substantial and bona
fide dispute in relation to RCMA’s debt. First, as in GBI Investments, I
concluded that SEPPL was clearly insolvent, regardless of whether RCMA’s
disputed debt of $7,466,668.01 was taken into account (see [41] and [49]
above). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PWS, at para 79.

Whether from the perspective of the cash flow test or the balance sheet test,
the evidence showed that SEPPL was in dire financial circumstances.

89 Secondly, minimal prejudice would be caused to SEPPL should a winding-up
order be made. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PWS, at para 84.

In this regard, I considered that SEPPL itself had lodged JM and IJM
applications just a year before, on the basis that it was insolvent and was
unable to repay its debts. The outcome which SEPPL purportedly expected from
its JM and IJM applications was that SEPPL would eventually wind down its
business. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

JM Affidavit of Matthew Peloso, at para 61.

Thus, as far as SEPPL’s or its related companies’ reputations or businesses
were concerned, there would be minimal impact given the recency of the JM
application. There was also no evidence that a winding-up order would result
in the drastic consequences alluded to in BNP Paribas at [17]–[19], ie, cross-
defaults, pushing the business group into risk of insolvency, or serious
impact on other economic and social interests.

90 Thirdly, there was a serious risk that if the winding-up application were
dismissed and RCMA forced to continue with Suit 191, RCMA would eventually be
left without a remedy even if it successfully proved its claim against SEPPL.
A critical consideration was the fact that the Funds, which were the subject
of a court-ordered Injunction, had already been completely diminished. In this
regard, the diminishing of assets was no longer a mere risk – it had already
eventuated in respect of most of SEPPL’s assets. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NEs, 7 September 2020, at p 82, lines 14–16.

Further, the diminishing of the Funds occurred in highly suspicious
circumstances and were occasioned by the actions of Mr Peloso through what
appeared to be multiple wilful breaches of the Injunction. Moreover, SEPPL’s
conduct of deliberate procrastination in Suit 191 as detailed at [78] above
suggested that it had no genuine intention of going to trial to resolve RCMA’s
disputed debt. This only served to reinforce my concern that RCMA should not
be made to go through a drawn-out and fruitless trial.

91 Finally, the corollary of winding up SEPPL was that a liquidator could be
appointed over SEPPL. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PWS, at para 85.

The liquidator could conduct the relevant investigations into the dealings
with the Funds and take further action, if necessary, in the interests of the
creditors. Moreover, from a practical perspective, the liquidator would be
able to assess the merits of SEPPL’s defence and counterclaim in Suit 191, and
pursue the action, negotiate with RCMA, or take further action as required.
The liquidator could also assess RCMA’s claims against SEPPL and determine the
value to be attributed to RCMA’s contingent or prospective debt. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PWS, at para 85; NEs, 7 September 2020, p 91, line 18 to p 92, line 31.

Given the highly suspicious circumstances canvassed above, it was preferable
for the liquidator, an officer of the court, to take over the reins of SEPPL
in the abovementioned respects. For the same reason, SEPPL’s submission that
the liquidator’s appointment would stifle SEPPL’s counterclaim in Suit 191 and
facilitate the adjudication of RCMA’s claim against SEPPL was misplaced.
Instead, the appointment of a liquidator would not only provide greater
transparency for the benefit of SEPPL’s creditors, it would also be to SEPPL’s
benefit in so far as it would be able to recover any moneys wrongfully
dissipated by its previous controllers.

92 For the above reasons, I found that even if SEPPL had shown that there was
a substantial and bona fide dispute in respect of RCMA’s debt of
$7,466,668.01, there were exceptional circumstances justifying the winding-up
of SEPPL. I, therefore, considered that it was in the interests of justice for
the court to exercise its discretion to wind up SEPPL, based on the grounds
for winding-up which had been established.

Conclusion

93 In conclusion, I found that the grounds for winding-up under ss 254(1)(e)
and 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act had been established – that SEPPL was
insolvent and was unable to pay its debts and that it was just and equitable
for SEPPL to be wound up. Moreover, I was of the view that SEPPL’s dispute
regarding RCMA’s debt of $7,466,668.01 was not bona fide. Furthermore, even if
there was a substantial and bona fide dispute in respect of RCMA’s debt of
$7,466,668.01, there were exceptional circumstances that justified the
winding-up of SEPPL.

94 Therefore, I granted RCMA’s application and ordered that SEPPL be wound up
and a liquidator appointed over SEPPL. I further ordered costs to be fixed at
$9,500 all-in to be paid to RCMA out of SEPPL’s assets.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Mohammed Reza s/o Mohammed Riaz, Kwek Yuan Justin and Victoria Katerina Jones
(JWS Asia Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

Lim Chee San (TanLim Partnership) for the defendant;

The non-party absent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

