Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 182

Suit No 920 of 2018

Between

(1)| Lim Teng Siang Charles  
---|---  
(2)| Tay Mui Koon  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Hong Choon Hau  
---|---  
(2)| Tan Kim Hee  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Discharge] — [Rescission] — [Mutual agreement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Teng Siang Charles and another

  
v

  

Hong Choon Hau and another

[2020] SGHC 182

High Court — Suit No 920 of 2018  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC  
14, 15, 19–22, 26 November, 2 December 2019, 4, 21 February 2020

31 August 2020

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC:

Introduction

1 The first plaintiff in this case is a private banker at United Overseas Bank
(“UOB”). The second plaintiff is his mother. The first and second defendants
are Malaysian businessmen. In these proceedings (which were filed on 22
November 2018), the plaintiffs sued the two defendants for alleged breach of a
sale and purchase agreement dated 17 September 2014 (“the SPA”). This was an
agreement in which each of the defendants agreed to purchase from the
plaintiffs 17.5 million shares in a publicly listed company called PSL
Holdings Limited (“PSL”) (“the PSL shares”).

2 According to the plaintiffs, the total consideration to be paid for the 35
million shares was $10.5 million; and completion of the sale and purchase was
to have taken place on 17 October 2014 – but the defendants “wrongfully failed
to and/or neglected to and/or refused” to complete the transaction, though the
plaintiffs “were willing, ready and able to complete” the transaction at “all
material times” 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

[5]–[6] of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2).

. The plaintiffs sued for the difference between the contract price of $10.5
million and the market price of the PSL shares on the date of issuance of the
writ.

3 The defendants, for their part, alleged that the first plaintiff had
represented to them that he was the beneficial owner of all 35 million PSL
shares, that 35 million shares “would enable the [d]efendants to take control
and achieve a reverse takeover of PSL Holdings”, and that the share price of
the PSL shares “would increase” from the then listed price of $0.17 per share
“to “$0.60 per share after the reverse takeover was completed” 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

[5] of the 1st Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) and [5] of
the 2nd Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1).

. The defendants alleged that these were false representations which the first
plaintiff had made with the intention of inducing the defendants to sign the
SPA; and that the defendants had been induced by these misrepresentations to
sign the SPA. The defendants asserted that they were entitled to rescind the
SPA due to these fraudulent misrepresentations; alternatively, that they were
entitled to counterclaim against the first plaintiff loss and damages
allegedly suffered as a result of these misrepresentations. Alternatively, the
defendants asserted that the SPA had been “rescinded by mutual agreement” in
October 2014, and/or that the plaintiffs were “estopped from relying on their
legal rights under the [SPA], if any” 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

[10]–[11] of the 1st Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) and
[10]–[11] of the 2nd Defendant’s Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1).

.

4 At the conclusion of the trial, whilst I found that the defendants’
allegations of misrepresentation were not made out, I was satisfied that the
evidence showed the parties to have rescinded the SPA by mutual agreement in
October 2014. I therefore dismissed both the plaintiffs’ claim and the
defendants’ counterclaim. As the plaintiffs have appealed against my dismissal
of their claim, I set out below the reasons for my decision.

The facts

5 I start by summarising the key facts of this case before explaining why I
found the SPA to have been rescinded by mutual agreement. As the defendants
have not filed any appeal, I will explain briefly my findings on the alleged
misrepresentations and other related issues but will not go into any great
detail in respect of these findings.

Preliminary issues

6 As a preliminary issue, the defendants refused to admit the authenticity of
the two copies of the SPA adduced in evidence by the first plaintiff 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Pp 44–51 of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. It was not disputed that the plaintiffs were unable to produce the originals
of the SPA at trial. However, I noted that in refusing to admit the
authenticity of the two copies of the SPA, the defendants did not actually
deny that the signatures on the last page of each copy were their signatures.
Indeed, no allegation of forgery or fabrication was pleaded by the defendants.
The defendants themselves had on 24 October 2014 obtained a copy of the SPA
from M/s Rodyk & Davidson LLP (“Rodyk”), the law firm which prepared the SPA 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

[22] of Liong Wei Kiat Alvin’s AEIC.

and which was on record as having been engaged by the defendants in the matter
of the SPA 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

[9] of Liong Wei Kiat Alvin’s AEIC.

. The copy obtained by the defendants 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Pp 48–51 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

corresponded to the first copy exhibited by the first plaintiff in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Pp 44–47 of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

; and it did not appear that the defendants had at any time raised any query
about the appearance – much less, the contents – of this document. The second
defendant testified that two documents were signed by the defendants on 17
September 2014 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See the transcript for 21 November 2019 p 63 lines 9 to 11.

, and I concluded that in all probability the parties had signed two sets with
the same terms and conditions (the second set being the document exhibited at
pages 48–51 of the first plaintiff’s AEIC). In coming to this conclusion, I
noted that the Rodyk partner overseeing the matter – one Low Chai Chong (“Mr
Low”) – had apparently signed as a witness on both copies of the SPA exhibited
in the first plaintiff’s AEIC 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Pp 47 and 51 of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. Mr Low did not suggest – nor was it suggested to him – that his signature on
one or other of these copies was a forgery.

7 In short, having considered the evidence before me, I saw no reason to doubt
the authenticity of the two copies of the SPA exhibited in the first
plaintiff’s AEIC.

8 I next considered the defendants’ contention that any SPA they had signed
must have been vitiated by fraudulent misrepresentations made by the first
plaintiff. In this connection, the defendants did not dispute that since they
were the parties who had alleged fraudulent misrepresentation and
counterclaimed damages for it, they bore the legal burden and the
corresponding evidential burden of proving these allegations.

The events leading up to the signing of the SPA

9 It is not disputed that the two defendants are close associates of another
Malaysian businessman known as “Tedy Teow”. It is also not disputed that prior
to the signing of the SPA on 17 September 2014, the first plaintiff had met
with Tedy Teow (“Teow”) and had spoken with him about the sale of PSL shares.
The defendants asserted that their interest in purchasing PSL shares arose
solely because Teow was interested in purchasing agarwood (a type of timber).
The second defendant claimed that sometime in early September 2014, he had –
at Teow’s request – spoken with the first plaintiff over the telephone after
one Bernard Lim informed Teow that the first plaintiff had a business proposal
to make concerning the supply of agarwood 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

[5]–[6] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

. According to the second defendant, the first plaintiff had represented in
the course of their telephone conversation that Bernard Lim had a contact in
Myanmar willing to “supply large quantities of agarwood”, but only to “large
established companies” and not “private companies” 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

[6(c)–6(d)] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC; [5]–[7] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

. The first plaintiff had explained that this was because the sale of agarwood
was tightly controlled by the Myanmar government. It was also the first
plaintiff who had purported to identify PSL as a company “likely” to be
“acceptable” to the Myanmar government 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

[7] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

. According to the defendants, he had represented that he owned “a large
number of shares in PSL” which he could sell to them to enable them to “do a
reverse takeover of PSL” and “to gain control of PSL” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

[6(d)] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC; [8] and [10] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

. After the reverse takeover of PSL was completed, the company “could then be
used to buy agarwood from the contact in Myanmar” 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

[6(e)] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC; [9] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

.

10 The first plaintiff denied having represented that the defendants’ purchase
of his PSL shares would enable Teow to gain control of PSL and to use the
company as the vehicle for acquiring agarwood from Myanmar. Instead, the first
plaintiff claimed that the SPA was entered into simply because Teow himself
“was interested in procuring a substantial stake in a listed company for his
business purposes” 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

[13]–[14] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

.

11 Having reviewed the evidence, I accepted that Teow – and by extension, the
defendants – had wanted to purchase PSL shares from the first plaintiff
because they believed this would enable them to gain control of a publicly
listed company and to use that company as a vehicle for the acquisition of
agarwood in Myanmar. Inter alia, I noted that the first plaintiff himself
admitted that he had met Teow during a trip to Laos 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See transcript for 14 November 2019 p 70 lines 16 to 19.

; that he had been invited to Laos by one George Lim to “look at some possible
investments” which the latter was “introducing” him to 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See transcript for 14 November 2019 p 70 lines 21 to 27.

; that he had been shown agarwood trees during this trip 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See transcript for 14 November 2019 p 71 lines 11 to 24.

; and that George Lim and Teow had been “very excited” about the agarwood and
had discussed how valuable it was, how Teow could “make some very good things”
from the agarwood to “sell to his 4 million members or 2 million members” 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See transcript for 14 November 2019 p 84 lines 1 to 29.

. From the first plaintiff’s own admissions, it was evident that the meeting
arranged by George Lim was centred on Teow’s interest in acquiring agarwood.
It was also the first plaintiff’s evidence that during the same meeting in
which George Lim and Teow had discussed the value of agarwood, he himself had
“just told [Teow] that [there was] a list co that [he was] holding on has cash
and … no major shareholder …” 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See transcript for 14 November 2019 p 85 lines 12 to 21.

. The first plaintiff further admitted that he brought this up because he had
the “intention of selling [his] shares” to Teow 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See transcript for 14 November 2019 p 85 lines 24 to 29.

.

12 Given the first plaintiff’s admissions, I did not believe his assertion
that his proposal to sell PSL shares to Teow was made on the spur of the
moment, with no connection whatsoever to Teow’s interest in acquiring a supply
of agarwood. Clearly, having observed Teow’s interest in getting hold of a
supply of agarwood, the first plaintiff saw the opportunity to use that
interest as a springboard to pitch the sale of PSL shares to Teow. It is not
disputed that by September 2014, the first plaintiff had purchased 9.755
million PSL shares using his mother’s (ie, the second plaintiff’s) UOB Kay
Hian account 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

[4] of the 2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC.

and another 5.735 million PSL shares using his wife’s (Seow Ee Fun Yvonne’s,
“Yvonne”’s) account 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

[3] of Yvonne’s AEIC.

. On the first plaintiff’s own evidence, several of his private banking
clients also held a considerable number of PSL shares thanks to him: Chung
Sook Yin (“Dr Chung”) held not less than 4 million PSL shares 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

[3] of Dr Chung’s AEIC.

and Tan Seung Yuen (“Tan SY”) held not less than 15.51 million PSL shares 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

[4] of Tan SY’s AEIC.

.

13 In my view, the first plaintiff’s admissions supported the inference that
Teow’s (and by extension, the defendants’) interest in the PSL shares arose
not because of any real interest in the company per se, but because it was
suggested as a potential vehicle for facilitating the acquisition of agarwood.
Teow then got his brother-in-law (ie, the second defendant) to follow up with
the first plaintiff on his business proposal. The second defendant did so by
phoning the first plaintiff sometime in September 2014 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

[6] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

. It was in this telephone conversation that the first plaintiff spoke about
Bernard Lim having a contact in Myanmar who was able to supply agarwood but
only to “large established companies”, and about PSL being potentially a
suitable vehicle for that purpose – should the defendants acquire control of
it.

14 However, I did not find that the evidence went far enough to prove that in
this telephone call, the first plaintiff had represented that he “owned” all
the PSL shares he was proposing to sell and/or that the purchase of “his”
shares per se would enable the defendants to gain control of PSL via a
“reverse takeover”.

15 In respect of the alleged representation as to the ownership of the PSL
shares to be sold, given that PSL was a publicly listed company and not some
closely-held private company, there was no reason why Teow and the defendants
should have been so anxious about whom the true owner of the shares was – and
therefore no reason why the first plaintiff should have needed to represent
that he was the owner of all the shares.

16 In respect of the alleged representation about the “reverse takeover” of
PSL, the second defendant was very hazy about what a “reverse takeover” meant:
he was only able to say that he thought it meant “controlling” a company “with
a large amount of shares” 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See transcript for 21 November 2019 p 27 lines 1 to 25.

, but he could not say what percentage of the shares in PSL they would have
needed to purchase in order to achieve such control 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See transcript for 21 November 2019 p 39 lines 18 to 27.

. Moreover, the parties were agreed that the 35 million shares to be sold
pursuant to the SPA would not have been enough to enable the defendants to
achieve a “reverse takeover” of PSL. PSL being a publicly listed company, it
would not have been difficult for Teow and/or the defendants to verify the
total number of shares issued by PSL and thus the number of shares required to
achieve a “reverse takeover”: the first plaintiff would have had no way of
knowing whether they would conduct such checks. In the circumstances, I was of
the view that even if the notion of a “reverse takeover” of PSL had been
mentioned during the telephone call between the first plaintiff and the second
defendant, it was unlikely that the first plaintiff would have so boldly
represented as a fact the defendants’ ability to achieve a “reverse takeover”
of PSL with the number of shares he was selling them. As I alluded to at [13]
earlier, it seemed likely that in speaking to Teow and subsequently to the
second defendant, the first plaintiff must have suggested PSL as an
appropriate vehicle for facilitating the purchase of the Myanmar agarwood –
should the defendants gain control of it. It also seemed likely that he must
have talked up the large number of shares he could sell them to aid an attempt
at gaining control. However, the evidence fell short of proving that he must
further have represented as a fact their ability to gain control via a
“reverse takeover” solely with the shares he was selling them.

The signing of the SPA

17 Following the telephone conversation between the first plaintiff and the
second defendant, Bernard Lim informed the defendants that the first plaintiff
had arranged for Singaporean lawyers to prepare an agreement for the sale and
purchase of the PSL shares and to represent the defendants in the matter.
Bernard Lim requested that the defendants fly to Singapore on 17 September
2014 to sign the SPA. The draft SPA was forwarded to the first defendant by
Bernard Lim on 16 September 2014 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

[12] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

; and the following day, both defendants travelled to Singapore, where they
were brought by the first plaintiff to the Rodyk office. The first defendant’s
personal assistant, Lang Cheah Yean (“Carrie”), and Bernard Lim also came
along. They were met by Mr Low and his associate Liong Wei Kiat Alvin
(“Alvin”).

18 In this connection, it should be noted that although the plaintiffs sought
to portray the defendants as having been advised and represented by Rodyk
throughout the transaction, Mr Low’s testimony revealed that it was actually
the first plaintiff who had asked him “for a draft sale and purchase agreement
… [as] he wanted to sell some PSL Holdings Ltd shares” 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 19 lines 20 to 29.

. Mr Low had never met nor spoken to the defendants until they turned up at
his office on 17 September 2014. While the plaintiffs sought to make much of
the letter of engagement signed by the defendants and the Rodyk invoice
showing “work done” and “professional services rendered” to the defendants 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Exhibits P2 and P3 respectively.

, Mr Low testified that all he really did was 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 23 line 27 to p 24 line 4.

:

… I asked [the defendants] if they are … agreeable to me acting for them. I
asked for their ICs. I asked for their particulars. I confirm with them the
number of shares and the sale and purchase price. I told Alvin to make the
changes … The only thing I remember was the request that I provide the letter
that if they should put money into my client’s account to complete the
purchase, I would only release the monies on their instructions. So I dictated
the letter to Alvin. He prepared that and then subsequently got that signed.
That … is my recollection.

19 Mr Low’s recollection was that the meeting at Rodyk (“the Rodyk meeting”)
was “short” 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 20 lines 29 to 30.

. He did not have “any particular recollection” of what the first plaintiff
said at the meeting 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 23 line 27.

. Alvin too did not remember very much about the meeting 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See transcript for 26 November 2019 p 55 lines 16 to 18.

. His evidence was that based on the documentary records, the lawyers’
understanding of the transaction was that it was a sale by the plaintiffs of
35 million PSL shares for a total consideration of $10.5 million 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See transcript for 26 November 2019 p 55 lines 12 to 32.

. When asked if there was any “discussion where the transaction involved the
crossing of a 30% shareholding limit which would trigger a general offer for
PSL Holdings”, Alvin testified that he did not remember such a discussion, and
that if such a matter had been “discussed between the parties and agreed to be
part of the documentation”, he “would have drafted it in … as per an agreement
between the parties” 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See transcript for 26 November 2019 p 56 lines 1 to 15.

.

20 Mr Low and Alvin appeared to me to be objective witnesses: neither had any
ties to any of the parties, and both impressed me as endeavouring to give
evidence as accurately as they could based on their recollection. Their
evidence of the Rodyk meeting was completely at odds with the defendants’
account of the meeting, in which – according to the defendants – the first
plaintiff had spoken at length on how they would achieve a “reverse takeover”
of PSL with the shares they were buying from him and how they would be able to
nominate directors to the PSL board once they effected the takeover 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See, eg, [18] and [22] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

.

21 In so far as Carrie’s notes of the Rodyk meeting were concerned 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Pp 18–20 of Carrie’s AEIC.

, I accepted that these notes were authentic and genuine. The notes of the
meeting were recorded by hand in a notebook and sandwiched between other
handwritten notes about unrelated matters. It did not appear to me likely that
Carrie would have falsified an entire notebook just for the purpose of
enabling the defendants to introduce into evidence a few pages of notes.
Indeed, it was not put to Carrie in cross-examination that she must have
fabricated or falsified the notes. However, whilst I accepted the authenticity
of her notes of the meeting, these notes merely showed that there was some
reference to matters such as a reverse takeover during the meeting. These
notes did not actually prove that the first plaintiff had made the alleged
representations of fact during the meeting. In this connection, I would
reiterate the observations I made at [16]. I would also add that given the
weighty consequences of the alleged representations about a reverse takeover
of a publicly listed company, if they had indeed been made in all seriousness
by the first plaintiff, it would have been extremely odd for Mr Low and Alvin
to take no note at all of such representations.

22 As to the alleged representation regarding the first plaintiff’s beneficial
ownership of all the shares to be sold, whilst the preamble to the SPA did
refer to the “Vendors” as “the legal and/or beneficial owner [of] 35,000,000
ordinary shares of [PSL]”, I did not think that the defendants were induced by
such a statement to enter into the SPA. I would reiterate the observations I
made at [15]: namely, that given that PSL was a publicly listed company and
not some closely-held private company, there was no reason why the defendants
should have found it so important to chase down the real beneficial owner(s)
of the shares being sold under the SPA. Moreover, as Mr Low pointed out in his
testimony, it was the first plaintiff who would need to arrange for the
transfer of the shares, either by presenting the requisite documentation at
the Central Depository or by getting a broker to arrange for a married deal 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 46 lines 10 to 23. There is a
typographical error in the transcript in that the reference to “married deal”
was erroneously transcribed as “merit view”.

. There was no need, in other words, for the defendants to worry about whom
the beneficial owner(s) of the shares were.

23 As to the first plaintiff’s alleged representation that the share price of
PSL “would increase to $0.60 per share once the reverse takeover was
completed” 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See, eg, [17(c)] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

, I did not find the allegation proven on the basis of the evidence before me.
Whilst the first plaintiff would likely have exaggerated what an attractive
buy the PSL shares were, “mere praise by a man of his own goods or undertaking
is a matter of puffing and pushing and does not amount to representation” 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Per Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) in Bestland Development Pte Ltd v Thasin
Development Pte Ltd [1991] SGHC 27, cited in The Law of Contract in Singapore
(Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at para 11.048.

. I did not think it believable that the first plaintiff would have made such
bold and specific representations as to what the price of PSL shares would be
following a reverse takeover. In any event, a statement as to the future price
of the PSL shares – being a statement as to a future state of affairs – “can
in itself be neither true nor false”, since “the future cannot be foretold”:
per Saville J in Bank Leumi le Israel BM v British National Insurance Co Ltd
[1988] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 71 at 75. For a statement to be actionable, the statement
must relate to a matter of fact either present or past: Tan Chin Seng and
others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 at [21]. As such, even
if the first plaintiff had made statements about the future price of PSL
shares, such statements would not have amounted to actionable representations.
In the interest of completeness, I should add that having regard to the
defendants’ pleaded case and the evidence available, there was also no basis
for me to find any representation by the first plaintiff that he possessed an
“honest belief … based on reasonable grounds” that the future price of PSL
shares would “turn out as forecasted” (Tan Swee Wan and another v Johnny Lian
Tian Yong [2018] SGHC 169 at [260]).

24 I also did not find it believable that the first plaintiff would have
promised the defendants he would “arrange for the issuance or transfer of
additional PSL shares” to them “for no additional cost” 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See, eg, [17(b)] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

(“the Free Shares”). There was simply no reason for him to make such a
generous promise. Moreover, assuming the first plaintiff had indeed made such
a generous promise, it seemed unbelievable that the defendants would not have
asked for this to be documented – especially since (according to them) the
first plaintiff had promised that the issuance or transfer of the Free Shares
would be “recorded in an addendum agreement (the “Addendum Agreement”) 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

[17(b)] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

. Neither Mr Low nor Alvin gave any evidence that they were instructed by the
defendants to document such a promise or statement made by the first
plaintiff.

25 The defendants argued that since the market price of the PSL shares was
$0.17 per share at the time of the Rodyk meeting, they would not have agreed
to pay the first plaintiff $0.30 per share had he not made the alleged
representations 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See, eg, [21] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

. I did not accept this argument. In my view, bearing in mind the large number
of shares which the defendants were purchasing under the SPA, I did not think
it unreasonable or improbable that they would have agreed to pay a premium
above the market price. After all, as a matter of common sense, if they had
attempted to purchase 35 million shares in the market, it was highly unlikely
that they would have been able to acquire all 35 million shares at one go, or
for that matter, all 35 million shares at $0.17 per share.

26 I should stress that while I did not find the evidence sufficient to prove
the specific misrepresentations pleaded by the defendants, I did not believe
the first plaintiff’s assertion that he had never spoken with the defendants
about getting control of PSL and/or using PSL as the vehicle for acquiring
agarwood from Myanmar. As I alluded to earlier (at [12]), it appeared to me
the first plaintiff had latched on to Teow’s interest in acquiring agarwood to
present to him – and the defendants – a proposal for how a supply source for
agarwood could be secured using PSL as the vehicle. If (as the first plaintiff
claimed) the defendants had simply wanted to come up with a story about
misrepresentations in order to justify repudiating the SPA, there was simply
no need for them to come up with a complicated story involving diverse
elements such as the acquisition of agarwood and the takeover of PSL. Carrie’s
notes of the Rodyk meeting (which I found to be authentic and genuine) also
supported the inference that there was some mention of a reverse takeover of
PSL during the meeting. I reiterate that in my view, and having regard in
particular to the premium which the defendants were paying, the first
plaintiff would very likely have talked up how the shares he was selling them
would aid them in any attempt to gain control of PSL – just as he would very
likely have talked up the possibility of an upside to the PSL share price.

27 On the other hand, the defendants were quite open about not having checked
up on the size and composition of PSL’s shareholding prior to entering into
the SPA. In the circumstances, while I accepted that they appeared to have
thought the 35 million shares would enable them to effect a reverse takeover
of PSL, it seemed to me possible – perhaps even likely – that this impression
resulted from their own misunderstanding or misapprehension of the discussions
with the first plaintiff. At any rate, as I have noted, the evidence was just
not enough to prove that the first plaintiff had made the specific
misrepresentations pleaded, or that the defendants were induced by these
alleged misrepresentations to enter into the SPA.

28 I should add that in respect of the second plaintiff, the parties were
agreed that the defendants never met her and that she was not present at the
Rodyk meeting on 17 September 2014. Mr Low testified that she was brought to
the Rodyk office by the first plaintiff on 18 September 2014 and that she
signed the SPA in his presence 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 25 lines 25 to 26 and p 26 line 27 to p
27 line 1.

.

Key SPA terms

29 It is apposite at this point to set out some of the key terms of the SPA.
These were as follows:

1\. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS

1.1 In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:

“Completion” means the completion of the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares
pursuant to clause 4;

“Completion Date” means 17 October 2014 (or such other date as the parties may
agree in writing);

…

3\. CONSIDERATION

3.1 The aggregate consideration for the purchase of the Sale Shares shall be
the sum of Singapore Dollars S$10,500,000 (the “Consideration”).

4\. COMPLETION

4.1 Subject as hereinafter provided, Completion shall take place at such place
as the Parties may mutually agree on the Completion Date.

4.2 On the Completion Date, the Vendors shall transfer or procure the transfer
of the Sale Shares from the Vendors’ account to the account of the Purchasers
and/or his nominee’s account in respect of the Sale Shares.

4.3 The Purchasers shall pay the Consideration by instructing their lawyers
M/s Rodyk & Davidson LLP to issue a Cashiers’ Order in favour of the Vendor.
The Purchasers confirm that the Consideration will be deposited to M/s Rodyk &
Davidson LLP’s clients account within five (5) working days from the date of
this Agreement.

…

7\. TIME OF THE ESSENCE

7.1 Time shall be of the essence in this Agreement as regards all the times,
dates and periods mentioned herein.

…

9\. WAIVER

9.1 Any waiver of a breach of any of the terms of this Agreement or any
default hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach of
default and shall in no way affect the other terms of this Agreement.

9.2 No failure to exercise and no delay on the part of any party in exercising
any right, remedy, power or privilege of that party under this Agreement and
no course of dealing between the Parties shall be construed or operate as a
waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy,
power or privilege. The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are
cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

…

The events following the signing of the SPA

30 The defendants testified that upon the signing of the SPA, the first
plaintiff was to arrange for them to open bank accounts with UOB, which
accounts would then be used to make payment for the shares 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

[22] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC and [24] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

. This was not disputed by the plaintiffs. It was also not disputed that
although clause 1.1 of the SPA stated that completion was to take place on 17
October 2014, the first defendant’s UOB account was only opened on 24 October
2014, whereas the second defendant’s account had not yet been opened as at
that date 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See text message from the 1st Defendant to the 1st Plaintiff on 23 October
2014 chasing up on the opening of the UOB account and the reply from the 1st
Plaintiff to the 1st Defendant on 24 October 2014, at pp 37–38 of the 1st
Defendant’s AEIC.

.

31 Around the same period, the first defendant and the first plaintiff also
had several discussions about reducing the number of shares to be purchased by
the defendants under the SPA 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

[28] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC and [29] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

. The first defendant had discovered that his bank in Malaysia (Bank Negara
Malaysia) “imposed certain limits on the quantum of investments in foreign
currency assets which could be made in one year” 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

[28] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

. Moreover, according to the first defendant, he had gone “online to do
checks” and had “realised that [the first plaintiff] was not one of the top 20
shareholders” of PSL 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 39 lines 4 to 31.

. At this stage, Teow and the defendants “were starting to have doubts on
whether [the first plaintiff] had 35 million shares” 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 33 lines 13 to 17.

. The first defendant testified that sometime before his text message to the
first plaintiff on 23 October 2014 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

P 37 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

, he had already spoken to the first plaintiff about “cancellation” of the SPA
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 33 lines 18 to 29.

. The first plaintiff had not wanted the SPA cancelled but was willing to
consider a reduction in the number of shares to be sold 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 46 lines 21 to 28.

. The first defendant therefore texted the first plaintiff on 23 October 2014
to ask him 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

P 37 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

:

The total need my boss help u how many share ?

32 The first defendant explained that by “my boss”, he was referring to Teow;
and that he was seeking to find out from the first plaintiff in this text
message how many shares the latter needed Teow to buy 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

[29] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

; a negotiation, in other words, for a reduced number of shares. For his part,
the first plaintiff denied having spoken with the first defendant between 17
October 2014 and 22 October 2014 about cancelling the SPA and/or reducing the
number of shares to be sold under the SPA. His position was that there was
“radio silence” from the defendants in the period between 17 October 2014 and
22 October 2014 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

[44] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. It should be noted, however, that his reply to the first defendant’s text
query (“The total need my boss help u how many share?”) was 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

P 37 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

:

17,000,000 shares at $0.30 (last time 35,000,000)

33 On 24 October 2014, the first defendant informed the first plaintiff of a
new problem: Teow’s son was apparently raising objections to the purchase
price of $0.30 per share 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

P 37 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

:

My boss son disagree to buy share because price too high. Pls call my boss. I
am can’t said [sic] so much.

34 There followed further text messages between the first defendant and the
first plaintiff on 24 October 2014 after the latter complained that he was
unable to get hold of Teow and the former urged him to “settle” with Teow 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

P 39 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

:

First defendant: U better settle with him [ie, Teow]. Am also pening .

First plaintiff: Bro , ur name is in the thing also … Pls help me … Thanks

First defendant: He don’t want , how I help .

First plaintiff: Tell him the legal implications on u as a director in
Malaysia

35 In cross-examination, the first defendant explained that “pening” was a
colloquial term meaning “dizzy” – which was how he felt, “stuck” in the middle
between his “boss” Teow on the one hand and the first plaintiff on the other
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 43 lines 1 to 21.

. By 25 October 2014, it appeared that parties had yet to come to any firm
resolution: the first defendant received an email from Mr Low stating that he
had “received a message from [the first plaintiff]” 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Pp 53–54 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

:

Dear Jim Hong [ie, the first defendant],

I received a message from [the first plaintiff] that you wish to amend the
Sale & Purchase Agreements. Can you please call me at 91996668, and let me
know what you require.

36 To this, the first defendant replied that he needed to “wait” to see “how
much money [he could] bank in to [his] uob bank account within 1 week” 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

P 53 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

. It would appear that at this point, parties were still discussing a possible
reduction in the number of shares to be purchased by the defendants: on 27
October 2014, Mr Low emailed the first defendant again stating 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

P 53 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

:

Dear Jim [ie, the first defendant],

I just received a call from [the first plaintiff] saying that you wish to
amend the SPA, such that you will purchase half the original amount? Is this
correct?

37 The first defendant replied that it still depended on “how much money” he
could bank into his “new uob account within 1 week” 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

P 53 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

. However, an amended agreement for a reduced number of shares did not
eventually materialise. Instead, sometime between 28 October 2014 and 31
October 2014 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

[38] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

, the first defendant came across announcements made by a listed company in
Singapore (Nordic Group Limited, “Nordic”) from which he discovered that 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

[40] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

:

… Nordic and Chang [ie, Nordic’s executive chairman and controlling
shareholder Chang Yeh Hong] essentially had, from March 2014 to 26 June 2014,
the power to force Sudirman [one Sudirman Kurniawan who had entered into
agreements with Nordic and Chang] to purchase from them a total of 60 million
shares of PSL (representing a 15.52% shareholding) at $0.30 per share.
Crucially, this meant that contrary to [the first plaintiff’s] representations
to [the second defendant] and me, the 35 million PSL shares he was going to
sell us would not allow [the second defendant] and me to achieve a reverse
takeover of PSL. These announcements made me become doubtful about [the first
plaintiff’s] representation that he owned 35 million shares in PSL. I also
became suspicious about the Addendum Agreement [the first plaintiff] mentioned
relating to the Free Shares. [The first plaintiff] never sent the Addendum
Agreement to me following the Rodyk Meeting.

38 As noted earlier, by this time the first defendant had also discovered from
PSL’s annual reports for 2014 and 2015 that the first plaintiff was not named
in the annual lists of PSL’s 20 largest shareholders 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

[41] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

. This added to his suspicion that the first plaintiff did not actually own 35
million PSL shares. What happened thereafter formed the main bone of
contention – factually speaking – between the plaintiffs and the defendants.

The defendants’ version of the events from late October 2014 onwards

39 On the defendants’ account, the first defendant spoke to the first
plaintiff over the telephone on 31 October 2014, essentially to confront him
with the Nordic announcements. The first defendant could not recall the exact
words that were spoken, but he was clear that in that tele-conversation, he
had come to an agreement with the first plaintiff that the SPA signed by the
defendants “was cancelled and would no longer be effective” 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

[42] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

. At the same time, the first defendant also mentioned to the first plaintiff,
firstly, that “there was still interest in agarwood and any other business
deals he [ie, the first plaintiff] may have”, and that parties “should pursue
such other business opportunities”; secondly, that both defendants would
“continue to appoint [the first plaintiff] as [their] relationship manager for
the private wealth accounts that [they] had opened with UOB”. The first
defendant’s evidence was that 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

[42] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

–

[The first plaintiff] agreed to call the SPA off and agreed to continue being
relationship manager for [the second defendant] and me. In fact, he was eager
to hear from me about other business opportunities. [The first plaintiff] also
said he would continue to find a supply of agarwood.

40 As for the second defendant, although he did not speak directly to the
first plaintiff after the contractually stipulated completion date of 17
October 2014, he was kept informed by the first defendant of all relevant
developments, including the discovery of the Nordic announcements 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

[43] of the 2nd Defendant’s AEIC.

. The second defendant testified that the first defendant had informed him
“there were problems” with their proposed purchase of PSL shares after seeing
the Nordic announcements, and that he had authorised the latter to agree with
the first plaintiff on the cancellation of the SPA 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

See transcript for 21 November 2019 p 93 lines 9 to 28.

. His assertion about having authorised the first defendant to agree on his
behalf to the cancellation of the SPA was not refuted.

41 It should be noted that the defendants’ position was that the mention of
future business opportunities did not amount to a binding promise to provide
the first plaintiff with any specific business deal. The second defendant, for
example, testified that as far as he was concerned, the first plaintiff was
not promised anything for the cancellation of the SPA 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

See transcript for 21 November 2019 p 94 lines 24 to 31 and p 95 lines 17 to
19.

. The first defendant testified that although the first plaintiff had said
that he would propose “other business deals” in place of the SPA, he (the
first defendant) “did not promise that [he] must accept the deals”: it “would
have to depend on whether the deals were attractive.” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 52 line 14 to p 53 line 17.

42 As far as the defendants were concerned, they heard nothing more of the SPA
from the first plaintiff after October 2014; and he continued to serve as
their relationship manager at UOB. They were shocked, therefore, when on 3 May
2018 – nearly four years later – they received a letter from the plaintiffs’
solicitors demanding that they complete the transaction under the SPA 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

See, eg, [43]–[45] of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

.

The plaintiffs’ version of the events from late October 2014 onwards

43 Not surprisingly, the first plaintiff denied the defendants’ version of the
events from mid-October 2014 onwards. In particular, he denied having agreed
to the cancellation of the SPA during a tele-conversation with the first
defendant on 31 October 2014. For that matter, he denied even having had a
tele-conversation with the first defendant on 31 October 2014 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 31 lines 22 to 26.

. According to the first plaintiff, “[o]ver the course of October 2014 to
around May 2018”, he “tried to contact the [d]efendants both directly and
indirectly through either George Lim or Bernard Lim, to chase them to complete
the sale transaction set out in the [SPA]” 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

[61] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. He claimed that the defendants were “non-committal” and “requested for
multiple extensions of time” to “take instructions” from Teow. The defendants
also allegedly “offered to get [him] involved in business deals/opportunities
as a way of compensation for the delay in the completion”, but no details were
furnished of any such deals or opportunities; and in any event, he “certainly
did not agree to this” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

[61] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

.

44 The first plaintiff also claimed that in 2017, he discovered that Teow was
being investigated in Malaysia for offences such as money laundering and the
promotion of a pyramid scheme. He then concluded that “[g]iven Tedy Teow’s
criminal record”, it was “more likely than not that Tedy Teow and his
associates, namely the [d]efendants, did not have a genuine intention of
honouring their obligations under the [SPA], and their requests for more time
were merely delay tactics” 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

[63]–[64] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. However, he was only able to seek legal advice in “early 2018” when he
managed to obtain sufficient funds from the sale of his property 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

[65] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

.

45 As for the second plaintiff, apart from confirming that the 9.755 million
PSL shares in her UOB Kay Hian account were purchased by the first plaintiff
and that he was the beneficial owner of these shares 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

[3]–[5] of the 2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC.

, she also testified that she had never met nor spoken with the defendants;
that she had left the SPA transaction entirely to the first plaintiff to
handle; and that she did not know what was set out in the SPA 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 112 lines 4 to 12.

. The first plaintiff did not deny that he was handling the SPA transaction on
behalf of the second plaintiff.

On whether there was rescission of the SPA by mutual agreement

The applicable legal principles

46 On the issue of rescission by mutual agreement, the parties were agreed on
the applicable legal principles. Locally, these have been summarised in a
number of High Court judgments. In Kensteel Engineering Pte Ltd v OSV
Engineering Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 253 (“Kensteel”), for example, the
plaintiff alleged, inter alia, that it was entitled to rescind its contracts
with the defendant (its subcontractor for certain works on a project known as
“the Conoco-Belanak Project”), assume responsibility for the defendant’s work,
and recover the expenses and losses incurred. The defendant argued that the
contracts had simply been varied by agreement, as opposed to having been
rescinded. Andrew Ang JC (as he then was) found (at [43]) that “there was a
rescission by mutual agreement or – in other words – a mutual abandonment of
existing rights”: the plaintiff was able to take over the works which it
otherwise would not have been entitled to, while the defendant was released
from further performance of its obligations under the contract. In so finding,
Ang JC cited (at [42]) the following well-known passage from Chitty on
Contracts vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) at para 22-025:

Where a contract is executory on both sides, that is to say, where neither
party has performed the whole of his obligations under it, it may be rescinded
by mutual agreement, express or implied. A partially executed contract can be
rescinded by agreement provided that there are obligations on both sides which
remain unperformed. Similarly, a contract which has been fully performed by
one party can be rescinded provided that the other party returns the
performance which he has received and in turn is released from his own
obligation to perform under the contract. The consideration for the discharge
in each case is found in the abandonment by each party of his right to
performance or his right to damages, as the case may be.

The same passage from Chitty on Contracts (albeit this time from the 2008
edition) was also cited by Lee Seiu Kin J in Uncharted Business Pte Ltd v
Asiasoft Online Pte Ltd [2009] SGHC 188 (at [21]).

47 In the present case, it was clear that neither the plaintiffs nor the
defendants had performed the whole of their respective obligations under the
SPA. As at 31 October 2014, the plaintiffs had yet to transfer any PSL shares
to the defendants, and the defendants had yet to transfer any funds to the
plaintiffs in payment of the total purchase price of $10.5 million. Having
considered the evidence, I found that there was in fact a rescission by mutual
agreement of the SPA. My reasons for arriving at such a conclusion were as
follows.

No notice to complete served between October 2014 and May 2018

48 Firstly, it was not disputed that prior to May 2018, the plaintiffs had
never served on the defendants a notice to complete the sale transaction. This
was significant because the completion date had clearly been set at 17 October
2014 (clause 1.1 of the SPA); and pursuant to clause 7 of the SPA, “[t]ime
shall be of the essence in this Agreement as regards all the times, dates and
periods mentioned herein”. The failure to serve any notice of completion in
the period post 17 October 2014 up till May 2018 supported the defendants’
assertion that by end-October 2014, the parties had agreed on “a rescission by
mutual agreement or – in other words – a mutual abandonment of existing
rights” (per Kensteel at [43]) under the SPA.

No evidence to support the alleged attempts by the first plaintiff to “chase”
the defendants to complete the transaction under the SPA

49 Secondly, whilst the first plaintiff claimed that he had “[o]ver the course
of October 2014 to around May 2018 … tried to contact the [d]efendants both
directly and indirectly through either George Lim or Bernard Lim, to chase
them to complete the [SPA]” 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

[61] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

[emphasis added], there was no evidence at all of any such communications – no
emails, for example, and not even any text messages. Assuming there had really
been attempts on the first plaintiff’s part at “chasing” the defendants “both
directly and indirectly” to complete the SPA transaction, it was inconceivable
that he should not have been able to produce any evidence of such attempts. As
their relationship manager at UOB, the first plaintiff would have had the
defendants’ contact details – as well as Carrie’s contact details. Indeed the
evidence showed that he was able to contact them directly during the period of
October 2014 to May 2018. Thus, for example, on 13 April 2016, he had emailed
the first defendant directly (copying Carrie), to inform him that UOB had
approved his request for credit facilities to the tune of $15 million 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Pp 259–277 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

(“Hi Jim [ie, the first defendant] – Finally the bank approved”). He also
conceded that during this period, he had communicated with the first defendant
via WhatsApp. Yet, incredibly, there was no evidence of his communicating with
either defendant to “chase them to complete the [SPA]”. Nor was there any
evidence of his contacting either George Lim or Bernard Lim for their help in
chasing the defendants to complete the sale and purchase.

Major inconsistencies in the first plaintiff’s account of events between
October 2014 and May 2018

50 Thirdly, not only was the first plaintiff’s story about his attempts to
chase the defendants to complete entirely unsupported by any objective
evidence, he could not keep his story straight. Instead, whenever confronted
in cross-examination about some odd or troubling aspect of his version of
events, he would come up with a new version – usually one that had never been
ventilated either in his pleadings or in his AEIC.

51 Thus, for example, when cross-examined about his uncorroborated assertion
that he had sought George Lim’s and Bernard Lim’s help to contact the
defendants, the first plaintiff suddenly came up with a new story about having
asked Teow’s personal assistant (one Charles Ng, “Ng”) to “talk to [the
defendants] to complete the [SPA]” 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 32 lines 10 to 13 and p 33 lines 5 to
30.

. The first plaintiff even claimed that he had asked Ng to talk to the
defendants because Ng was “very close to them” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 34 lines 22 to 23.

. This was despite the fact that “Charles Ng” was not even mentioned anywhere
in his AEIC or in his testimony during the first two days of the trial. He
asserted that George Lim and/or Bernard Lim “did ask” the defendants 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 34 line 22.

, but when questioned further about this, he claimed that George Lim had told
him he “can’t find [the defendants], can’t contact them” – and that was why he
had asked Ng for help 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 34 lines 25 to 31.

. When pressed about his alleged attempts to get George Lim to contact the
defendants, he changed his story again, this time claiming that George Lim had
not even replied 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 39 lines 19 to 27.

. When it was pointed out by defence counsel that he had only minutes earlier
stated that George Lim had told him he “can’t find [the defendants], can’t
contact them”, he said that “George says can’t get them or there’s no reply
from George” 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 39 line 19 to p 40 line 27.

[emphasis added]. When it was pointed out to him that George saying he could
not find the defendants and George not replying were two different things, he
came up with yet another new answer 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 40 line 10 to p 41 line 11.

:

… what George tell me, he says he … don’t want to get involved, yah.

52 In my view, the first plaintiff’s inability to keep his story straight on
this critical issue of his attempts to “chase” the defendants to complete the
sale and purchase demonstrated that he was making up his evidence as he went
along. As another example, although he claimed in his AEIC that he had between
October 2014 and May 2018 tried to “chase” the defendants to complete and that
they had kept requesting extensions of time in order to “take instructions”
from Teow 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

[61] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

, in cross-examination he contradicted himself by admitting 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 32 lines 25 to 27.

that there had in fact been no discussion with the defendants about completion
of the SPA transaction after 2014 until the issuance of the letter of demand
by his lawyers in May 2018. He obviously realised that this admission was
unfavourable to his case, because when next asked to confirm that he had not
even asked to complete the sale and purchase in 2016, he suddenly produced the
purported explanation that he had been “waiting for money to come in” to the
defendants’ UOB accounts 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 32 line 28 to p 33 line 8.

. When pressed further, he offered another new explanation: he said that he
had been “afraid to lose [his] banking job” should he “take legal action” or
“chase [the defendants] to complete that [SPA]” 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 37 lines 15 to 19.

. Yet even this new explanation rang hollow because he proceeded to reveal
that he had obtained clearance from his “bosses” prior to bringing the present
proceedings against the defendants 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 37 lines 19 to 21.

; and it did not appear that he had encountered any great difficulty in doing
so. Nor did it appear that he had suffered job-wise from bringing these
proceedings, for it was not disputed that at the time of the trial (a year
after launching these proceedings), he was still employed by UOB as a
relationship manager.

First plaintiff’s account of events between October 2014 and May 2018
contradicted in material aspects by evidence from his own witnesses and
evidence of his own conduct

53 Fourthly, the first plaintiff’s account of his attempts to get the
defendants to complete the SPA transaction between October 2014 and May 2018
was squarely contradicted by other evidence. Thus, for example, he claimed
that he had asked Mr Low to get the defendants to complete the sale and
purchase. Perhaps realising that no documentary evidence existed of any such
request by him to Mr Low, he then glibly asserted that what he had done was to
ask Mr Low “to ask whether they want to reduce the number of shares” 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 37 lines 1 to 11.

. This appeared to me to be a nonsensical statement – and one which directly
contradicted his own assertion in his AEIC that he “did not agree to any
amendment of the [SPA]” to reduce the number of shares 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

[56]–[57] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. In any event, the first plaintiff’s tortured description of how he had
sought to get the defendants to complete the sale and purchase by asking Mr
Low to ask if they “want to reduce number of shares” was contradicted by Mr
Low’s testimony. In cross-examination, Mr Low’s unequivocal evidence was that
in a tele-conversation he had with the first plaintiff on 27 October 2014, the
latter had told him “the purchasers wish to amend the SPA such that they were
buying half the original amount” 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 50 lines 16 to 28.

. In other words, Mr Low was simply instructed that the defendants wanted to
amend the SPA so as to halve the number of shares being bought. Mr Low was not
asked “to ask whether [the defendants] want to reduce the number of shares”.
This would explain why Mr Low’s email to the first defendant on 27 October
2014 stated that he had “just received a call from [the first plaintiff]
saying that [the defendants] wish to amend the SPA, such that [they] will
purchase half the original amount” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

P 53 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

. Tellingly, Mr Low also testified that nobody had even brought to his
attention the significance of 17 October 2014 as the completion date: he
“wasn’t asked to chase, [he] wasn’t asked to delay, [he] wasn’t asked to
abort” 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 48 lines 21 to 25.

. As far as Mr Low could remember, he had no further involvement in the matter
of the SPA after 27 October 2014 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 31 line 29 to p 22 line 2.

.

54 When pressed about the apparent absence of any attempt on his part to give
notice of completion, the first plaintiff claimed for the first time that this
was because he had been “waiting for [the defendants] to put money into” their
UOB accounts. He even claimed that he had been “waiting patiently” despite
“various excuses” given by the first defendant as to why he could not do “big
transfer” 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

See transcript for 15 November 2019 p 133 lines 5 to 19.

. At one point, he also sought to give the impression that the defendants had
not managed to retain funds in their accounts for any appreciable period of
time: he claimed for instance that although money had come into the second
defendant’s account, the money was only “in transit” because the latter had
“used the money to buy some durian plantation” 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 32 line 28 to p 33 line 2 and p 71 lines
4 to 29.

. However, the objective evidence available gave the lie to his story.
Financial records produced by the second defendant showed, for example, that
he was the 100% shareholder of a company known as Wind Air Development Limited
(“Windair”) 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

See transcript for 21 November 2019 p 9 lines 14 to 16.

; that the first plaintiff had helped him open a UOB account for Windair 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

See transcript for 21 November 2019 p 12 lines 22 to 26.

; and that between October 2016 and December 2016, Windair had maintained a
balance between US$7.5 million and US$8.103 million in its account 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

See transcript for 21 November 2019 p 10 line 27 to p 11 line 25; Vol 2
Defendants’ Bundle of Documents pp 26–38.

. While it was true that the second defendant had subsequently used some of
the funds to purchase a durian plantation in January 2017 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

See transcript for 21 November 2019 p 14 lines 12 to 19.

, it could not be denied that these funds had remained in his UOB account for
three months beforehand. If the first plaintiff had really been waiting for
the defendants to be put in funds before broaching the issue of completion,
there was no reason for him to remain silent during that time. Moreover, the
inflow of such substantial cash amounts would have shown the first plaintiff
that the second defendant had access to sources of funding. Even if the latter
had used some of the cash to buy a durian plantation, there was nothing to
suggest that he could not get hold of more funding if he needed it to complete
the SPA transaction – and yet, unaccountably, the first plaintiff never asked.

55 As for the first defendant, his evidence – which was not refuted – was that
the first plaintiff had also helped him to open both personal and corporate
bank accounts with UOB 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 4 lines 3 to 13.

; that he had deposited US$2 million into his personal account from the
outset, which amount remained in his personal account even at the time of the
trial 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 5 lines 20 to 30.

; and that he had further maintained between US$5 million and US$10 million in
his corporate account 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 5 lines 10 to 14.

. Again, therefore, in so far as the first plaintiff claimed he needed to
“wait” for the defendants to be in funds before asking for completion, there
was no reason for him to remain silent vis-à-vis the first defendant. Yet,
once again, he never asked. Indeed, at one point he admitted that despite
being aware of the funds available in the first defendant’s account, he had
not asked the first defendant to pay for the PSL shares because he knew that
the defendants “have no intention to pay” 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 74 lines 8 to 11.

[emphasis added]. This admission strongly suggested that the first plaintiff
already knew – well before May 2018 – that the sale of the 35 million PSL
shares was off. This would appear to support the defendants’ assertion that by
late October 2014, the parties had already agreed to call off the transaction.

56 In short, the first plaintiff’s story about having to “wait” for the
defendants to be in funds before seeking completion was contradicted by the
objective evidence of the state of the defendants’ bank account balances
during the relevant periods. The entire story appeared to me to be a pack of
lies. It would appear even the first plaintiff realised how weak this story
sounded – because he proceeded to trot out several new explanations for his
apparent inaction prior to May 2018. First, he said that there was a “conflict
of interest” because he “can’t be seen as pursuing [his] clients to buy shares
from … [him]” 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 78 lines 13 to 16.

. When it was pointed out to him that the SPA had been entered into before the
defendants became his private banking clients, he quickly switched tack and
said that he had not known his “rights” prior to consulting lawyers in early
2018 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 78 lines 17 to 27.

. It was then pointed out to him that his statement about not knowing his
“rights” until he met his lawyers appeared at odds with his earlier testimony
that he had not asked the defendants to proceed with completion prior to 2018
because he knew the SPA was “valid for 7 years” and he “reserve the right” 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 37 lines 31 to 32.

. At this point, he switched tack again and claimed instead that he had wanted
to “get rid of [his] mortgage” before he could “pursue this case” 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 79 lines 6 to 8.

. I found it very disturbing how quickly he came up with these various
responses. It was plain that he had no regard for the truth and would simply
offer whatever response he thought was required to get him off the hook.

57 Tellingly, several material aspects of the first plaintiff’s version of
events were also contradicted by evidence from his wife and evidence of his
own conduct. In his AEIC, the first plaintiff sought to convey the impression
that he had always been ready and willing to complete the SPA transaction:
despite the defendants’ alleged “radio silence” from 17 October 2014 to 22
October 2014, he had made numerous efforts to contact them about completion
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

[44] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

; and he had not even been willing to agree to amending the SPA so as to
reduce the number of shares to be sold 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

[57] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. In other words, as far as the first plaintiff was concerned, despite there
having been no completion of the sale and purchase on 17 October 2014, he had
not considered the deal in the SPA to be “off”. In contrast, his wife Yvonne
testified in cross-examination that sometime around the completion date, she
had asked him whether they were “going to transact anything” and “how is the
deal” 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 152 lines 7 to 27.

. According to Yvonne, the first plaintiff had told her “[t]here’s no deal”
122

##### Foot Note 122

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 152 line 15 to p 153 line 1.

. This portion of Yvonne’s testimony was inconsistent with the first
plaintiff’s evidence. Her testimony was not refuted in re-examination.

58 Not only was this portion of Yvonne’s testimony inconsistent with the first
plaintiff’s evidence, her evidence also tended to support certain aspects of
the defendants’ version of events. As noted earlier at [31], the first
defendant’s evidence in cross-examination was that he had discovered from
“online checks” sometime between 17 October 2014 and 24 October 2014 that
“[the plaintiff] was not one of the top 20 shareholders” of PSL 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 39 lines 4 to 25.

. Teow became reluctant to proceed with the SPA because they “were starting to
have doubts on whether [the first plaintiff] had 35 million shares” 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 32 line 25 to p 33 line 17.

. According to the first defendant, sometime before his text message to the
first plaintiff on 23 October 2014 (in which he had asked “The total need my
boss help u how many share?” 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

P 37 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

), he had spoken to the first plaintiff about “cancellation” of the SPA: the
first plaintiff had not wanted the SPA cancelled, which was why the first
defendant had then “asked him how many shares did he need [Teow] to help him
with” 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

See transcript for 22 November 2019 p 33 lines 1 to 3.

. In short, according to the first defendant’s version of events, sometime
before his text message on 23 October 2014, the first plaintiff would already
have been made aware that the defendants were at the very least reluctant to
complete the agreement for their purchase of 35 million shares. Yvonne’s
evidence – that she had been told by the first plaintiff sometime around the
completion date that there was “no deal” – appeared to me to support the first
defendant’s version of events.

59 It should be added that the first plaintiff’s reply to the first
defendant’s query (“17,000,000 shares at $0.30 (last time 35,000,000)” 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

P 37 of the 1st Defendant’s AEIC.

) further supported the latter’s version of events and not his own version. As
alluded to above, the first plaintiff’s position per his AEIC was that there
had been “radio silence” from the defendants between 17 October 2014 and 22
October 2014. However, if there really had been “radio silence” from the
defendants during that period, one would have expected the first plaintiff to
protest on 23 October 2014 that he had no idea what the first defendant’s
query (“The total need my boss help u how many share?”) was about. That he
responded to the query by suggesting a reduced number of shares supported the
first defendant’s assertion that they had already spoken about cancelling the
SPA prior to 23 October 2014 and that they had discussed reducing the number
of shares when the first plaintiff indicated reluctance to cancel.

60 It should also be added that although the first plaintiff took the position
in his AEIC that he did not agree to the SPA being amended to reduce the
number of shares, in cross-examination he contradicted himself by claiming
that he had actually been ready to agree to a reduced number. He even claimed
that this was what he had told Mr Low 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

See transcript for 15 November 2019 p 146 lines 28 to 29.

:

I spoke to Mr Low if they come back with a number above 17 million, I will
have accepted, full stop.

61 This startling claim was not borne out when Mr Low took the witness stand.
Mr Low said nothing about having been told by the first plaintiff that he
would accept any offer by the defendants to purchase “above 17 million”
shares. In fact, he was not even asked in examination-in-chief about such a
conversation with the first plaintiff.

62 Other evidence relating to the first plaintiff’s own conduct also tended to
support the defendants’ case regarding the rescission by mutual agreement of
the SPA in late October 2014 – and conversely, to contradict the plaintiffs’
claims about having been ready to complete the agreement from October 2014 up
till May 2018. Thus, for example, although the plaintiffs claimed that the
second plaintiff’s 9.755 million shares were to make up part of the 35 million
PSL shares to be sold under the SPA 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

[20] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC and [6] of the 2nd Plaintiff’s AEIC.

, the evidence showed that in the period between October 2014 and May 2018,
the first plaintiff continued to trade in his mother’s PSL shares – to the
extent that the number of PSL shares in her account fell below 9.755 million
from 2016 to March 2017 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 87 line 9 to p 88 line 6; also Vol 2
Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents pp 92 to 128.

. When questioned about this, the first plaintiff conceded that he had not
even been aware at the material time that the number of PSL shares in his
mother’s account had fallen below 9.755 million. By way of an attempt at
explaining his dealings in the shares in her account, he claimed that he was
selling off some of her shares because he had promised to “buy [PSL shares]
from Dr Currie Chiang and Tan [Seung Yuen] and Dr Chung”; that he needed to
“make good [his] promise to them” 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 88 lines 7 to p 89 line 10.

; and that he was “trimming” his own position so as to be able to buy from
them 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 89 lines 4 to 10.

. However, his explanation about “trim some to buy some” 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 90 line 6.

flew in the face of the evidence which showed that apart from selling off part
of his mother’s 9.755 million PSL shares, he had also continued to purchase
more PSL shares 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 89 line 10 to p 90 line 9.

. Moreover, even if he had intended to make up any shortfall in the number of
his mother’s PSL shares by buying more shares from his private banking
clients, he would have needed at least to keep track of the number of shares
he was selling off from his mother’s account versus the number of shares left
in that account. The fact that he was not even aware when the number of shares
in her account fell below 9.755 million 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 92 lines 21 to 27.

indicated that he was not keeping track of the numbers at all.

63 In short, the first plaintiff’s conduct in trading in his mother’s PSL
shares in the period post October 2014 and in apparently failing to keep track
of the number of shares in her account was inconsistent with his assertion
that even post October 2014, he remained bound to sell the defendants 35
million shares, including his mother’s 9.755 million shares.

On the issue of rescission of the SPA by mutual agreement: Summary

64 To sum up, therefore: this was a case in which – despite the SPA having
provided for time to be of the essence – no notice of completion was ever
served by the plaintiffs for nearly four years after the contractually
scheduled completion date had passed.

65 This was also a case where the first plaintiff’s story of his attempts to
“chase” the defendants about completion was contradicted by the evidence of
other witnesses, documentary evidence, and the evidence of his own conduct
following the completion date. Instead, much of the evidence available
supported the defendants’ case of a rescission by mutual agreement of the SPA.

66 Finally, this was a case where the first plaintiff’s story of his attempts
to “chase” for completion of the SPA transaction was rife with material
internal inconsistencies. In this connection, I should make it clear that
having had the opportunity to observe the first plaintiff in the witness stand
over three days, I did not think the lamentable state of his evidence was the
result of confusion and/or anxiety about testifying in court. In the first
place, whilst it would be natural for any witness to feel some anxiety about
testifying in court, the first plaintiff did not strike me as being in any way
cowed or intimidated by the occasion. When he wanted to, he was capable of
responding boldly, even defiantly, to defence counsel’s questions. For
example, when it was pointed out to him that his AEIC contained no mention of
his asking Ng to contact the defendants, he told defence counsel that counsel
“can call Charles Ng to come to Singapore” 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 35 lines 20 to 23.

.

67 More importantly, I formed the distinct impression that the first plaintiff
was only too aware of the anomalies and flaws in his case, and his stratagem
when confronted with these anomalies or flaws was to prevaricate and
obfuscate. Instead of answering a question directly, he would often stall by
offering a response that failed to answer the question. Then, when reminded of
the question, he would offer multiple responses, only to disavow these
responses by ending with the declaration that he did not know or did not
remember. For example, when he was asked whether he had spoken to Mr Low after
27 October 2014 about the completion of the sale and purchase, his first
response was that he “was waiting for [the first defendant] to reply” to Mr
Low’s email query about amending the SPA. When he was reminded of the
question, he continued to talk about the first defendant (“I think there was
no reply”). When reminded yet again to answer the question, he first said he
did not think he had spoken to Mr Low – only to negate that reply in the very
next minute by declaring that he actually could not remember 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 25 line 10 to p 26 line 17.

. With respect, it appeared to me that this slippery manner was a ploy to
avoid being pinned down to a potentially unfavourable position.

68 For the reasons given in [48] to [63], I was satisfied that the SPA was
rescinded by mutual agreement of the parties; namely, by the first plaintiff
and the first defendant coming to such an agreement during their tele-
conversation on 31 October 2014. I was satisfied as well that in coming to
such an agreement, the first plaintiff and the first defendant were also
acting on behalf of the second plaintiff and the second defendant
respectively, with the latter two’s authorisation.

69 Further, I accepted that the first defendant’s mention of future business
opportunities did not amount to a binding promise by the defendants to provide
the first plaintiff with any specific business deal. From what I could see,
the first defendant’s vague mention of possible future opportunities was
really intended as a salve to any feelings of disappointment on the first
plaintiff’s part. This would explain why no details were given of any
particular business opportunity, and why no timeframe or deadline for
providing such opportunities was ever mentioned.

70 This did not mean that the first plaintiff would have been left entirely
unmoved by the mention of possible future deals. After all, on his own
evidence, the first plaintiff was aware that Teow was a wealthy individual
with extensive business dealings. It would not have been surprising for him to
have imagined that other opportunities for making money off (or with) Teow
would soon present themselves. Although the first plaintiff denied 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 30 line 21 to p 31 line 26.

having had a tele-conversation with the first defendant on 31 October 2014 in
which they had agreed to rescind the SPA and the latter had mentioned the
possibility of future deals, he admitted that after 2014, he had “brought
deals to Tedy” 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 29 lines 6 to 22.

. It was telling that in terms of timing, the first plaintiff’s decision in
early 2018 to pursue the enforcement of the SPA came about after the following
two incidents. First, a “hotel deal” relating to the Hatten Group which he had
brought to Teow fell through, apparently because the latter made a lowball
offer (“300 million they … want to buy 150 million, no deal”) 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 127 line 27 to p 128 line 23.

. Second, he made the discovery in 2017 that Teow and his businesses had run
into trouble involving, inter alia, investigation for money laundering and
other offences 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

[63] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. I inferred that these inauspicious developments must have persuaded the
first plaintiff that he was not going to profit from further deals with Teow.

Final observation

71 In light of my finding as to the issue of rescission by mutual agreement of
the SPA, I did not find it necessary to make further findings on the
defendants’ alternative argument of equitable estoppel.

72 There is one final observation I should put on record. This concerns the
plaintiffs’ claim for the entire difference between the price of $10.5 million
for all 35 million PSL shares and the market price of the same number of
shares as at the date of issuance of the writ. I found the manner in which
this claim was presented to be disturbing in its lack of candour and/or
veracity.

73 In the Statement of Claim, the plaintiffs did not explain the basis on
which they were making the claim in respect of all 35 million shares. In his
AEIC, the first plaintiff said that leaving aside his mother’s and Yvonne’s
shares, he had reached an “oral agreement” with Tan SY in September 2014 “that
approximately 15.51 million of [Tan SY’s] shares in [PSL] would constitute a
part of the 35 million shares to be sold to potential buyers, i.e. the
[d]efendants” 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

[80] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. He said he had a similar “oral agreement” with Dr Chung that “4 million of
her shares in [PSL] would constitute a part of the 35 million shares to be
sold to potential buyers, i.e. the [d]efendants” 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

[80] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. Oddly, he said nothing else about the other terms of these “oral
agreements”: he did not even specify whom the buyer of Tan SY’s and Dr Chung’s
shares was to be under these “oral agreements”. It was only in cross-
examination that he appeared at one point to claim that he was the one who had
to buy over Dr Chung’s (and Dr Currie Chiang’s) shares 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 88 lines 11 to 13 and p 89 lines 6 to 8.

. He also claimed that Tan SY had applied “some pressure” on him 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 59 lines 3 to 4.

; and that both Tan SY and Dr Chung had “agreed to withhold legal action
against [him] thus far as [he had] agreed to take the [d]efendants to [c]ourt
to enforce the [SPA]” 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

[78] and [82] of the 1st Plaintiff’s AEIC.

. In fact, he claimed that Tan SY had called him in 2015, 2016 and 2017 to ask
“what is happening”, to which he had responded by asking Tan SY to “give [him]
some time” 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

See transcript for 19 November 2019 p 59 lines 18 to 31.

.

74 The first plaintiff’s evidence about his “oral agreements” with Tan SY and
Dr Chung was contradicted by the two witnesses themselves. Tan SY could only
recall the first plaintiff telling him that he had found a buyer willing to
pay $0.30 per share for Tan SY’s 15.51 million shares: the first plaintiff had
not told him whom the buyer was, nor had the first plaintiff told him anything
else about the SPA 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 87 line 20 to p 90 line 1.

. Tan SY testified that he was not updated by the first plaintiff at all about
what had happened to the sale of his shares: he only found out “quite some
time later” that the sale had not materialised 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 90 lines 5 to 31.

. The first plaintiff had said he would “do something” about it, but Tan SY
did not ask any questions and simply left it to him to handle the matter 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 91 line 1 to p 92 line 4.

. Tan SY also testified that the first plaintiff had told him to “wait”,
though that had been a “[l]ong time ago”; and as at the date of the trial he
was still “waiting for [the first plaintiff’s] advice” 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 93 lines 1 to 28.

.

75 As for Dr Chung, she recalled the first plaintiff telling her that he had
“some agreement with … some other people who would agree to … buy the shares”
152

##### Foot Note 152

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 69 lines 3 to 9.

. At one point in her testimony, she said she did not know whom the buyers
were nor could she remember how much the sale price was 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 69 lines 7 to 17.

. Subsequently she said her understanding was that she would “just sell to
[the first plaintiff] and he would … go ahead and .. do whatever is necessary”
154

##### Foot Note 154

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 81 lines 15 to 18.

. She realised sometime later that the sale had not materialised, but like Tan
SY, she had not questioned the first plaintiff and had “just left him to … do
whatever he could” 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 74 line 31 to p 75 line 9.

. Her own understanding was that the first plaintiff would still be helping
her to sell her shares 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 81 lines 15 to 28.

. It was only in October 2019 that she found out the first plaintiff had
commenced legal proceedings 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

See transcript for 20 November 2019 p 77 lines 25 to 32.

.

76 Tan SY’s and Dr Chung’s evidence thus contradicted various aspects of the
first plaintiff’s. In particular, it was plain that neither of them had a
common understanding with the first plaintiff as to the existence – and the
terms – of any alleged “oral agreement”. It was also plain that far from
having “agreed to withhold legal action against [the first plaintiff] thus
far” upon his agreeing “to take the [d]efendants to [c]ourt to enforce the
[SPA]”, both Tan SY and Dr Chung had been content to leave the first plaintiff
to handle the matter as he saw fit; and neither appeared to have even
contemplated legal action against him. This was such a drastically different
picture from that presented by the first plaintiff that I could not help but
question the basis upon which he had constructed the claim put forward in the
present proceedings. The material inconsistences between the first plaintiff’s
version of events and that of his own witnesses added to the deep overall
doubts I had about his credibility.

77 I should also note for the record that whilst the first plaintiff made
various allegations about having had to pay Dr Currie Chiang for her PSL
shares, he did not call her as a witness (despite having originally listed her
as one of his witnesses). There was also no objective evidence produced of
these alleged payments to her; nor were these payments ever pleaded as part of
the plaintiffs’ claim.

Conclusion

78 At the conclusion of the trial, I rejected the plaintiffs’ claims that the
defendants had committed repudiatory breach of the SPA which they had
accepted. I accepted instead the defendants’ defence of rescission of the SPA
by mutual agreement whilst rejecting their counterclaims against the first
plaintiff for misrepresentation. In light of the outcome, I decided that the
fairest thing to do about costs would be to order each party to bear his (or
in the second plaintiff’s case, her) own costs of the proceedings; and I made
the order accordingly.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judicial Commissioner

Daryl Ong Hock Chye and Valerie Seow (LawCraft LLC) for the plaintiffs;

Woo Yin Loong Christopher, Ng Yuan-Ming Joel and Sujesh Anandan (Quahe Woo &
Palmer LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

