Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 120

Originating Summons No 1206 of 2019

Between

Shanmugam Manohar  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Attorney-General  
---|---  
(2)| Law Society of Singapore  
  
… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Administrative Law] — [Disciplinary proceedings]

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review]

[Confidence] — [Breach of confidence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Shanmugam Manohar

  
v

  

Attorney-General and another

[2020] SGHC 120

High Court — Originating Summons No 1206 of 2019  
Valerie Thean J  
2 April 2020

16 June 2020

Valerie Thean J:

1 Mr Shanmugam Manohar (“the Applicant”), an advocate and solicitor of the
Supreme Court, faces disciplinary proceedings before a Disciplinary Tribunal
(“DT”). This DT was appointed after a request was made by the Attorney-General
(“AG”) under s 85(3) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“LPA”). In referring information to the Law Society of Singapore (“Law
Society”) under that section, the AG disclosed statements recorded by the
Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) under the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”). These grounds of decision concern the dismissal
of various declaratory reliefs sought by the Applicant against the AG and the
Law Society in respect of the recording, disclosure and use of these
statements.

Facts

The investigations

2 The dispute in the present case arose out of a police investigation into a
motor insurance fraud scheme, where one Mr Ng Kin Kok (“Mr Ng”) assisted one
Mr Woo Keng Chung (“Mr Woo”) to file a fraudulent motor insurance injury
claim. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at para 5.

On 6 April 2016 and 11 May 2016, the CAD recorded statements from Mr Ng and Mr
Krishnamoorthi s/o Kolanthaveloo (“Mr Krishnamoorthi”), one of the partners at
M/s K Krishna & Partners (“the Firm”), respectively. The statements revealed
that Mr Ng would ask potential claimants to sign warrants to act appointing
various law firms to act on their behalf. He would submit the documents to the
law firms and would receive commissions from the law firms if the injury
claims were successful. Mr Woo’s claim was processed in this manner and the
Firm, where the Applicant was and is an Associate Partner, was the law firm
appointed in Mr Woo’s case. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Shanmugam Manohar’s Affidavit at paras 2 and 5.

3 On 21 March 2017, Mr Ng was charged in court for one count of abetment of
cheating under s 420 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
for the offence involving Mr Woo. On 31 August 2017, Mr Ng was convicted and
sentenced. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at para 7.

That same day, the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”) directed the CAD to
conduct further investigations into the commissions that were allegedly paid
to Mr Ng by the law firms involved, to ascertain if the conduct of these law
firms and lawyers had disciplinary consequences. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Huang Xi’en Magdalene’s Affidavit at para 6.

4 Senior Investigation Officer Lie Da Cheng (“SIO Lie”) received the AGC’s
request and proceeded to record a further statement from Mr Ng on his past
referrals on 14 September 2017 (“14 September statement”). Mr Ng’s statement
made reference to around six cases that he had referred to the Applicant
between 2013 and 2015, and stated that the Applicant had given him a
commission of $800 for each referral. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at para 11.

On 15 September 2017, SIO Lie then called the Applicant, asking if he knew Mr
Ng and whether Mr Woo had been referred to him in respect of a personal injury
claim. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Shanmugam Manohar’s Affidavit at para 5.

The Applicant replied in the affirmative and a meeting was set up for SIO Lie
to record the Applicant’s statement. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Shanmugam Manohar’s Affidavit at para 5.

On 18 September 2017, SIO Lie called the Applicant and asked him to bring the
files of other personal injury claims that had been referred to him by Mr Ng.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Shanmugam Manohar’s Affidavit at para 7.

On 20 September 2017, SIO Lie recorded a statement from the Applicant (“20
September statement”).

5 On 12 December 2017, SIO Lie called Mr Krishnamoorthi to arrange for him to
attend at CAD for a statement to be recorded. The statement was recorded on
that same day (“12 December statement”). SIO Lie sought to record a further
statement from Mr Krishnamoorthi and scheduled a further meeting, but Mr
Krishnamoorthi stated that he could not make the scheduled appointment in an
email dated 15 December 2017 and later declined to give a further statement
when SIO Lie spoke with him. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at paras 18–22.

6 The CAD was of the view that no further offence of cheating was disclosed.
The findings were forwarded, together with Mr Ng’s 14 September statement, the
Applicant’s 20 September statement, and Mr Krishnamoorthi’s 12 December
statement to AGC. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at para 23.

Referral to the Law Society and appointment of the DT

7 On 2 July 2018, the AG referred the information received to the Law Society
pursuant to s 85(3) of the LPA. In its referral, the AG relayed information
about the Applicant’s alleged touting practices (a breach of r 39 of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 (“PCR”)), and the fact that the
Applicant had given copies of the Firm’s warrant to act to Mr Ng for his
clients to sign without attending at the Firm. Accordingly, the AG requested
the Law Society to refer the matter to a DT. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See Huang Xin’en Magdalene’s Affidavit at para 8 and p 9.

8 On 13 July 2018, the Law Society responded with a letter requesting certain
documents and information from the AG for the preparation of the case against
the Applicant. Among its requests, the Law Society requested “copies of the
statements of the relevant persons”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See Huang Xin’en Magdalene’s Affidavit at pp 9 and 12.

On 27 July 2018, the AGC then asked the CAD to check if Mr Ng and Mr
Krishnamoorthi would consent to be contacted by the Law Society, and to find
out if the Firm would agree for the seized warrants to act to be shared with
the Law Society. On 15 August 2018, the CAD informed AGC that both Mr Ng and
Mr Krishnamoorthi had not agreed to these requests. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Huang Xin’en Magdalene’s Affidavit at paras 10–11.

The AG updated the Law Society accordingly on 16 October 2018. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Huang Xin’en Magdalene’s Affidavit at para 12.

9 In response, on 25 October 2018, the Law Society informed the AG that,
without the statements, it had no evidence on which to prosecute the matter
before a DT. It suggested proceeding under s 85(3)(a) of the LPA instead to
first convene an Inquiry Committee, in order to consider whether there was
sufficient evidence to justify a DT. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Huang Xin’en Magdalene’s Affidavit at para 13.

The AGC then contacted the CAD to inform them of the Law Society’s position,
and asked if the CAD would object to them sending the statements to the Law
Society. The CAD informed that they had no objection. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Huang Xin’en Magdalene’s Affidavit at para 14.

On 19 March 2019, the AG forwarded to the Law Society Mr Ng’s statement
recorded on 6 April 2016 (“6 April statement”); Mr Ng’s 14 September
statement; the Applicant’s 20 September statement; and Mr Krishnamoorthi’s 12
December statement. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Huang Xin’en Magdalene’s Affidavit at para 15 and p 18–37.

10 On 3 July 2019, pursuant to s 85(3)(b) of the LPA, the Law Society applied
to the Chief Justice to appoint a DT to investigate the Applicant’s conduct.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

K Gopalan’s Affidavit at para 4.

On 18 July 2019, Sundaresh Menon CJ appointed the members of the DT. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

K Gopalan’s Affidavit at para 5.

On 23 July 2019, the DT then issued directions for the filing of the Defence,
the list of documents, the respective affidavits of evidence-in-chief, bundles
of documents and bundles of authorities. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

K Gopalan’s Affidavit at para 6.

A series of delays followed as the Applicant sought abeyance of the DT
proceedings on the premise that he would apply for judicial review.

OS 1206/2019 and OS 1030/2019

11 On 16 August 2019, the Applicant filed Originating Summons No 1030 of 2019
(“OS 1030/2019”) applying for the DT proceedings to be held in abeyance
pending resolution of judicial review proceedings against the AG. No
application for judicial review was filed at that time.

12 On 27 September 2019, the Applicant filed Originating Summons No 1206 of
2019 (“OS 1206/2019”) under O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), for the following reliefs:

1\. The following Declarations be made:-

a. That the statements of the [Applicant] recorded on 20th September 2017
and/or Ng Kin Kok recorded on 14th September 2017 were recorded not in the
course of investigation into any alleged offence(s) but were recorded
improperly and/or unlawfully to establish that the [Applicant] was in breach
of Rule 39 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015.

b. That the statements given to the Commercial Affairs Department by the
[Applicant] on 20th September 2017, one Ng Kin Kok on 6th April 2016 and 14th
September 2017 and one K. Krishnamoorthi on 12th December 2017 (hereinafter
referred to as “the statements”) are confidential and cannot be disclosed by
the Commercial Affairs Department and the [AG] to any other persons.

c. The statements can only be used in the criminal proceedings for which they
were recorded and not for any other collateral and/or ulterior purposes(s).

d. That the information contained in the statements are confidential and the
[AG]’s act of extracting and using this information to refer the Applicant to
the [Law Society] under Section 85(3) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2009 Rev Ed) for alleged misconduct on 2nd July 2018 is an abuse of privilege
and/or unlawful and/or improper.

e. That the [Applicant] has absolute immunity at all material times in respect
of the statement given by him to the Commercial Affairs Department and the
[Applicant]’s statement cannot be used by the [AG] for the purposes of
referring the [Applicant]’s conduct to the [Law Society].

f. That the Commercial Affairs Department’s decision to agree to provide the
statements to the [Law Society] was improper and/or unlawful.

g. That the [AG]’s act of forwarding the statements to the [Law Society] on
19th March 2019 was improper and/or unlawful.

h. That, henceforth, all proceedings of the Disciplinary Tribunal appointed
under the Legal Profession Act to hear the alleged misconduct of the
[Applicant] cease.

13 A series of pre-hearing conferences (“PHCs”) were held by the DT to resolve
the issue of how to proceed. On 14 February 2020, the DT issued timelines for
the DT proceedings to continue, including provision for the filing of the
Applicant’s defence. At that same PHC, the DT was asked for a stay, which it
refused, subject to any order of the court. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

K Gopalan’s Affidavit at para 18.

On 18 February 2020, the DT issued the Notice of Disciplinary Tribunal
Hearing, which stated that the DT would hear the matter from 18 to 20 August
2020. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

K Gopalan’s Affidavit at p 55.

I heard OS 1030/2019 on 11 March 2020 and dismissed the application for a stay
of the DT proceedings pending the hearing of OS 1206/2019. The Applicant did
not appeal against that decision.

14 On 2 April 2020, after hearing parties, I dismissed OS 1206/2019. The
Applicant has appealed against this decision, and I furnish my grounds of
decision here.

Parties’ positions in OS 1206/2019

15 In the present application, the Applicant argued that the CAD took
statements from Mr Ng, Mr Krishnamoorthi and himself for the purposes of
investigating breaches of the PCR, a purpose collateral to the statutory
purpose. This statutory purpose, the Applicant argued, was confined to
investigating into criminal offences. He also argued that the statements were
subject to a duty of confidence. Therefore, the AG was not entitled to
disclose them to the Law Society; the CAD, similarly, was not entitled to
agree to that disclosure. Related to this, he contended that he had absolute
immunity in respect of the statements that he made to the CAD. Initially, the
Applicant further contended that for the above reasons that the DT ought not
to use the information, and sought a stay of the DT hearing pending the
hearing of this application. After the application for a stay was dismissed in
OS 1030/2019, counsel for the Applicant refined his case and stated that the
Applicant was no longer pursuing the prayer which sought a cessation of DT
proceedings.

16 The Law Society argued that the court did not have the jurisdiction to
grant the declaratory reliefs requested because s 91A of the LPA ousted the
court’s jurisdiction.

17 The AG, while aligning himself with the Law Society’s views on
jurisdiction, was moreover of the view that there was no legal or factual
basis for declaratory relief. His case was that the statements were not
recorded for an ulterior purpose. The Applicant had no immunity against
disclosure. Although the AG agreed that a duty of confidence attached to the
statements, he asserted that the AG and the CAD were legally entitled to
disclose the statements to the Law Society in the public interest. In
addition, he argued that the LPA permitted him to refer any information, even
confidential information, touching upon the conduct of a lawyer to the Law
Society, and, further, immunised him from any liability in the fulfilment of
his statutory role.

Issues

18 The issues in the application may therefore be analysed by reference to the
following:

(a) whether s 91A of the LPA applied to oust the jurisdiction of the court;

(b) if s 91A of the LPA did not oust the jurisdiction of the court, how the
court would exercise its discretion in respect of the various declarations
prayed for;

(c) two further substantive issues were relevant in this further analysis:

(i) whether the Applicant’s 20 September statement was recorded ultra vires in
relation to CAD’s power to record statements for being recorded for a
collateral purpose; and

(ii) whether the CAD and the AG were entitled to disclose the statements to
the Law Society.

Summary of decision

19 Section 91A of the LPA did not apply in the present case. Nevertheless, the
statutory purpose underlying s 91A of the LPA and the disciplinary framework
in Part VII of the LPA, which was to consolidate judicial review and hearings
on the merit into one process in order to expedite the disciplinary process,
remained relevant. To the extent that declarations were sought concerning the
use of the statements as evidence by the DT, I held that there was, in the
present case, no reason for the court to exercise its discretion to grant
declaratory relief. Matters of evidence were properly to be considered by the
DT in the first instance and reviewed, if necessary, subsequently by a High
Court Judge or Court of Three Judges under ss 97 or 98 of the LPA, as the case
may be. In addition, declarations pertaining to Mr Ng and Mr Krishnamoorthi’s
statements were not appropriate as they were not parties to the application.

20 Considering the remaining prayers that did not traverse these areas, two
substantive issues emerged: the action of the CAD in recording the Applicant’s
statement, and that of the AG in disclosing the statement to the Law Society
(and that of the CAD in agreeing to the same). There were no grounds to grant
any of the declaratory relief sought, because the CAD had not acted unlawfully
in recording the statements in question, and the disclosure of the statement
to the Law Society was not a breach of the duty of confidence as it came
within the public interest exception to confidentiality. The AG’s authority
under s 85(3) of the LPA was correctly exercised because of the exception.
Section 106 of the LPA did not immunise the AG against judicial review on the
grounds of illegality, but on the facts, no illegality was shown.

Jurisdiction

Ambit of s 91A of the LPA

21 Section 91A of the LPA reads:

91A.—(1) Except as provided in sections 82A, 97 and 98, there shall be no
judicial review in any court of any act done or decision made by the
Disciplinary Tribunal.

(2) In this section, “judicial review” includes proceedings instituted by way
of—

(a) an application for a Mandatory Order, a Prohibiting Order or a Quashing
Order; and

(b) an application for a declaration or an injunction, or any other suit or
action, relating to or arising out of any act done or decision made by the
Disciplinary Tribunal.

22 It was common ground that s 91A of the LPA would, if it applied, exclude
the court’s jurisdiction. Section 91A provided that “there shall be no
judicial review in any court…” Under s 91A(2)(b), “judicial review” is
extended to include “proceedings instituted” by way of an application for a
declaration “relating to or arising out of any act done or decision made by
the Disciplinary Tribunal”. Where s 91A applied, any such “judicial review”
would be through s 82A, s 97 and s 98 of the LPA. Because Part VII of the LPA
sets out a “self-contained disciplinary framework outside the civil
proceedings framework”, these provisions are not considered as part of court’s
civil jurisdiction, but rather, part of the disciplinary jurisdiction under
the LPA: Law Society of Singapore v Top Ten Entertainment Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR
1279 at [44]–[45]. In effect, s 91A redirects “judicial review”, broadly
defined, of any act done or decision made by the DT from the court’s civil
jurisdiction to the disciplinary jurisdiction under the LPA after the DT has
made its determination.

23 The dispute between the parties related to the scope of s 91A of the LPA.
The Applicant argued that, absent prayer 1(h), s 91A of the LPA no longer
applied to the present case as the declarations sought were against the CAD
and AG, and not the DT. He argued that any impact the declarations would then
have on the DT would be for the DT to decide. The Law Society, on the other
hand, argued that the court did not have the jurisdiction to grant declaratory
relief because s 91A of the LPA still applied. Notwithstanding the absence of
prayer 1(h), the purpose of the declarations sought was to circumvent the DT’s
decision on the admissibility of evidence before it.

24 The key preliminary question, therefore, was whether s 91A of the LPA
applied in this case. In making this assessment, I drew guidance from the
three-step framework used to structure the purposive approach to statutory
interpretation as summarised by the Court of Appeal in Tan Cheng Bock v
Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [37], which may be
described as follows. First, possible interpretations of the provision must be
ascertained, with regard to the text of the provision and the context of the
provision within the statute. Second, the legislative purpose or object of the
statute must be ascertained. Finally, the interpretation that furthers the
purpose of the statute is to be preferred.

25 At the first step, the court must be guided by the ordinary words of the
provision, and endeavour to give significance to every word in an enactment:
see Tan Cheng Bock at [38]. Here, s 91A(1) of the LPA concerns itself with an
“act done or decision made by the Disciplinary Tribunal” [emphasis added].
These words would ordinarily be understood to refer to actions in the past,
directing the “judicial review” towards a prior act or decision. Section
91A(2) of the LPA then expands the definition of “judicial review”. The
specific types of proceedings referred to in this subsection deal
retrospectively with past acts or decisions, rather than prospectively with
future ones. Even more prophylactic orders such as the “injunction” envisaged
under s 91(2)(b) of the LPA are linked to prior acts or decisions of the DT:
any act that seeks to be restrained must relate to or arise out of “act[s]
done or decision[s] made”.

26 The Law Society did not proffer any alternative interpretations of the
provision. Their point was that the Applicant’s action was motivated by a wish
to circumvent the provision. This argument, however, was premised on a broader
interpretation of s 91A of the LPA to apply prospectively even when the issue
to be considered had not yet been the subject of “any act done or decision
made” by the DT. At the first step of the analysis in Tan Cheng Bock, the
court must perforce be constrained by the parameters of the literal text of
the provision (see Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at
[57]). Therefore, the broader interpretation was not possible, and s 91A of
the LPA was properly interpreted to relate only to past acts or decisions of
the DT. As this interpretation was not sustainable on the text of the
provision, it was not necessary for me to proceed to the second and third
steps in the purposive approach: see Yap Chen Hsiang Osborn v Public
Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 319 at [39].

27 Coming back to the application at hand, the only prayer that referred to a
prior act of the DT (prayer 1(h)) was no longer pursued before me. As the
remaining declarations dealt with issues that the DT had not had the
opportunity to consider, there was no “act done or decision made” by the DT,
and s 91A of the LPA did not apply. The jurisdiction of the court, therefore,
was not ousted in this case.

Relevance of the purpose of s 91A

28 Nevertheless, the relevance of s 91A of the LPA did not end there. Although
the jurisdiction of the court was not ousted by s 91A, the purpose of this
provision was still important to the way my discretion was exercised in
granting declaratory relief. Declarations, being discretionary, must be
justified by the circumstances of the case: see Karaha Bodas Co LLC v
Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“Karaha
Bodas”) at [14(c)]). This necessitates a consideration of the purpose of s
91A.

29 Section 91A of the LPA seeks to prevent delays to the disciplinary process,
which had previously been caused by applications for judicial review of DT
proceedings while those proceedings were still afoot. The solution was to
defer judicial review of a DT’s acts or decisions until after a determination
had been made under s 93(1) of the LPA. As the Minister for Law stated during
the second reading of the Legal Profession (Amendment) Bill (No 16 of 2018)
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (26 August 2008) vol 84 col
3251):

… I would clarify that judicial review is not “ousted”. What we are doing is
deferring it, because what has happened in the past is that even before the
tribunal proceedings and disciplinary proceedings are over, there were
repeated applications for judicial review, which then dragged on and delayed
the entire proceedings, vastly contributing to delays. So, the approach has
been to finish with the process, then you go for judiciary [sic] review. …
[emphasis added]

30 Philip Pillai JC (as he then was) took the same position in Mohd Sadique
bin Ibrahim Marican and another v Law Society of Singapore [2010] 3 SLR 1097
at [11]:

Seen in the light of the operation of ss 97 and 98, it would appear that the
purpose of s 91A is to restrict judicial review by consolidating the judicial
review process with the hearings on merit into one process, instead of
maintaining them as distinctly separate processes. What this means is that
judicial review remains available but only through the single Judge process
under s 97 (in the event that there are no show cause proceedings) or the
court of three judge under s 98 (in the event there are show cause
proceedings). [emphasis added]

31 The provision therefore seeks to preserve the integrity of the disciplinary
framework under Part VII of the LPA and to prevent collateral attacks on the
DT’s proceedings by way of judicial review. Where factual matters are in
issue, the section serves to bring matters within the remit of a DT first,
before the High Court Judge or Court of Three Judges under ss 97 or 98 of the
LPA later reviews the DT’s determination. This enables issues to be considered
in an orderly manner. Where findings of fact are made by the DT, the court
would then deal with them just as an appellate court would in relation to
findings made by a lower court: see Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo
Phyllis [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239 at [27] (approved in relation to DTs in Law
Society of Singapore v Chong Wai Yen Michael and others [2012] 2 SLR 113 at
[10]).

32 In this context, what of the converse situation, if the court decides any
issue intended for the DT before the DT first deals the issue? If a court were
to decide any issue intended for the DT, there is a very real possibility that
issue estoppel would apply in the DT’s proceedings. Once there is identity of
parties, identity of subject matter, a final and conclusive judgement on the
merits of an issue by a court of competent jurisdiction, the requirements of
issue estoppel would be made out: Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation of Strata Title Plan No 301 [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 (“Lee Tat
Development”) at [14]–[15]. A court should be slow, therefore, to grant relief
that would intrude upon the remit of the DT. Otherwise, the same historical
problem of delay will recur, with every lawyer facing disciplinary proceedings
attempting to impede, delay and stymie DT hearings with requests for
prospective rulings over key pieces of evidence that they know will be
assessed by the DT. Such action could also, in certain circumstances, amount
to an abuse of judicial proceedings, because it creates multiplicity of
proceedings where the intent of s 91A of the LPA is to redirect all such
issues to after the determination of the DT, to the High Court Judge under s
97 or the Court of Three Judges under s 98, as the case may be.

Exercise of the court’s discretion

33 In that context, I come to the reliefs requested by the Applicant.

34 If the Law Society chooses to use the Applicant’s statement in the DT
proceedings, the DT would be faced with the issue of the admissibility of the
Applicant’s statement. In that regard, even though the Applicant was no longer
pursuing prayer 1(h), counsel candidly admitted that the declarations obtained
in this application was for the purpose of being brought to the DT’s
attention. In his view, the statements obtained illegally would be a nullity
and it would be for the DT to consider in that context.

35 In my view, the issue of the admissibility of the statements in the DT
ought to be first considered by the DT, and thereafter reviewed if necessary
under ss 97 or 98 of the LPA, as the case may be. For example, prayer 1(c)
asked for the following declaration, that:

c. The statements can only be used in the criminal proceedings for which they
were recorded and not for any other collateral and/or ulterior purposes(s).

This issue would be squarely before the DT. If the court made a determination
on this issue, issue estoppel could apply as there would be a final and
conclusive judgement on the issue by a court of competent jurisdiction with
identity of parties and subject matter: see Lee Tat Development ([32] supra)
at [14]–[15]. This was simply a matter pertaining to the treatment of specific
pieces of evidence. The appropriate course of action was therefore to allow
the DT to make its findings and determination. This would prevent the
framework under Part VII of the LPA from being undermined and reduce
multiplication of proceedings. While I do not foreclose the possibility of a
case where the interests of justice would necessitate such declaratory relief,
the case at hand was not such a case.

36 This left me with two other allegations. These were, first, that the AG and
CAD had a collateral purpose in recording the Applicant’s statement, and
second, that the CAD and AG had acted unlawfully in disclosing that statement.
These were actions of public authorities that the Applicant contended resulted
in violations of his private rights. Such rights were enforceable against the
public bodies concerned: see Vellama d/o Marie Muthu v Attorney-General [2013]
4 SLR 1 at [31] and [33]–[35] and Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General [2012] 4 SLR
476 at [69].

37 These two allegations did not concern s 91A of the LPA since the subjects
of these allegations were the CAD and the AG, not the DT. As such, these
allegations called for a different approach from that adopted above at
[34]–[35]. As explained in Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and another v
Attorney-General [2013] 2 SLR 844 (“Manjit Singh”), s 91A of the LPA is only
intended to apply to acts or decisions of the DT and not those of any other
persons: Manjit Singh at [58]. In Manjit Singh, the Chief Justice’s decision
to appoint members of the DT was held to lie outside the scope of s 91A as it
was not an act of the DT. Such a finding, it was emphasised, did not undermine
the purpose of s 91A since the provision simply did not apply in the first
place: Manjit Singh at [59].

38 There is a final matter relevant to the reliefs requested. Neither Mr Ng
nor Mr Krishnamoorthi were parties to the application. It was not appropriate
to consider any declaratory relief regarding the taking or use of their
statements since they were not before the court to receive any such relief.
“[A]ny person whose interests might be affected by the declaration should be
before the court”: Karaha Bodas ([28] supra) at [14(e)]. As for the
admissibility of their statements, that was properly to be considered by the
DT. However, I did consider their statements as part of the context and
insofar as they shed light on the Applicant’s assertions regarding his own
statement.

39 Therefore, I confine my remarks and decision to the issues pertaining to
the legality of the CAD’s and AG’s conduct in respect of the Applicant’s 20
September statement.

The recording of the Applicant’s statement

40 I begin with the Applicant’s claim that CAD had acted ultra vires in
recording his statement. I should mention that the Law Society submitted that
no relief could be obtained against the CAD because it was not a party to the
present proceedings. However, s 19(3) read with s 19(1) of the Government
Proceedings Act (Cap 121, 1985 Rev Ed) effectively provides that proceedings
against the Government be instituted against the AG. The Applicant was correct
to join only the AG in this case.

The correct exercise of statutory power

41 The Applicant relied, in essence, upon the head of “illegality” as
explained by Lord Diplock in Council of Civil Service Unions v Minister for
the Civil Service [1985] AC 374 at 410:

By “illegality” as a ground for judicial review I mean that the decision-maker
must understand correctly the law that regulates his decision-making power and
must give effect to it.

42 The relevant provision here is s 22 of the CPC. The Applicant contended
that this power was exercised for a collateral purpose which was not
authorised by the provision. Section 22(1) of the CPC reads:

Power to examine witnesses

22. – (1) In conducting an investigation under this Part, a police officer … may examine orally any person who appears to be acquainted with any of the facts and circumstances of the case —

(a) whether before or after that person or anyone else is charged with an
offence in connection with the case; and

(b) whether or not that person is to be called as a witness in any inquiry,
trial, or other proceeding under this Code in connection with the case.

43 The provision is clear. It does not matter that the statements were taken
after Mr Ng’s conviction and neither does it matter that Mr Krishnamoorthi or
the Applicant were never called as witnesses or charged in subsequent criminal
trials. For the issue at hand, what matters is that the police officer’s
exercise of statutory power is examined and that the purpose for which such a
statutory power was exercised is properly ascertained.

44 First, the relevant power of investigation is that of the police officer,
SIO Lie. Hence, the focus of the court’s inquiry on the facts was solely
concerned with SIO Lie’s explanations for the purposes for which the
statements were recorded. While the AG as the Public Prosecutor (“PP”) has
control and direction of criminal prosecutions and proceedings by virtue of s
11 of the CPC, neither it nor Article 35 of the Constitution of the Republic
of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) vests the AG with power over the
police. The Commissioner of the Police is answerable to the Minister: s 5 of
the Police Force Act (Cap 235, 2006 Rev Ed), and operates as a separate body
from the AG and AGC.

45 Second, it is also clear that s 22 of the CPC may only be used for the
purpose of investigating a criminal offence, which is “an act or omission
punishable by any written law” (see s 2 of the CPC). This statutory purpose
was not disputed. The Applicant was of the view that SIO Lie’s “true and
dominant purpose” in exercising his power was to investigate the Applicant’s
potential breach of the PCR. The AG did not dispute that investigating
breaches of the PCR would not be an authorised purpose for which statements
could be recorded under s 22 of the CPC. His submissions focused on the need
on the part of the Applicant to show malice, and, in any case, that SIO Lie’s
purpose in recording the statements was to investigate a criminal offence.

Determining the true and dominant purpose

46 Where a statutory provision confers authority to obtain information for a
specific purpose, that authority may only be exercised for that specific
purpose. In the event that there is a plurality of purposes for which the
public authority exercised its power to obtain the information, the exercise
of power is lawful only if the true and dominant purpose of the exercise of
the power was authorised by the specific statutory provision. This is the
“true and dominant purpose” test which the Applicant relied upon, as
formulated in William Wade and Christopher Forsyth, Administrative Law (Oxford
University Press, 11th Ed, 2014) (“Wade & Forsyth”) at 352:

Sometimes an act may serve two or more purposes, some authorised and some not,
and it may be a question whether the public authority may kill two birds with
one stone. The general rule is that its action will be lawful provided that
the permitted purpose is the true and dominant purpose behind the act, even
though some secondary or incidental advantage may be gained for some purpose
which is outside the authority’s powers. There is a clear distinction between
this situation and its opposite, where the permitted purpose is a mere pretext
and a dominant purpose is ultra vires.

47 This test was adopted by the House of Lords in the case of R v Southwark
Crown Court, Ex parte Bowles [1998] 1 AC 641 (“Ex parte Bowles”) at 651. Ex
parte Bowles concerned a production order sought by the police from the Crown
Court under s 93H of the UK’s Criminal Justice Act 1998. The subject of the
production order was Mrs Bowles, an accountant, whose clients included two
persons who faced charges of dishonesty. She disputed the production order on
the grounds that s 93H only applied to assisting in the recovery of proceeds
of criminal conduct and could not apply to investigating the offences
themselves. The House of Lords agreed, and dealt also with the question of
legality if the police applied for a production order with two purposes, both
to assist in the recovery of proceeds of crime (the authorised purpose) and to
investigate into offences (the unauthorised purpose). Lord Hutton, delivering
the judgment of the House of Lords, affirmed the need to ascertain the true
and dominant purpose, first quoting from the same Wade & Forsyth extract (as
above, albeit from an older edition), then holding (Ex parte Bowles at 651):

Accordingly, I consider that if the true and dominant purpose of an
application under section 93H is to enable an investigation to be made into
the proceeds of criminal conduct, the application should be granted even if an
incidental consequence may be that the police will obtain evidence relating to
the commission of an offence. But if the true and dominant purpose of the
application is to carry out an investigation whether a criminal offence has
been committed and to obtain evidence to bring a prosecution, the application
should be refused.

48 This approach was recently re-affirmed by the English Court of Appeal in R
(Miranda) v Secretary of State for the Home Department and another [2016] 1
WLR 1505 (“Miranda”) at [26], which involved the legality of the exercise of
powers in Schedule 7 of the Terrorism Act 2000 to stop, detain, and question a
person in order to determine whether he appears to be a person who “is or has
been concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of
terrorism” (referred to as “Schedule 7 powers” or a “Schedule 7 stop”).

49 Mr Miranda, the claimant, was the spouse of one Mr Greenwald, a journalist,
who was connected with Mr Edward Snowden. Mr Snowden had provided some
journalists with encrypted data that had been stolen from the National
Security Agency of the United States of America. Mr Miranda had been
travelling from Berlin to Rio de Janeiro with storage devices containing these
encrypted materials in his possession. On 18 August 2013, when he was en route
back to Rio de Janeiro, Mr Miranda was stopped at Heathrow Airport by police
officers from the Metropolitan Police. This was on the initiative of the
Security Service, which had been tracking Mr Miranda’s movements, and which
had contacted the Counter-Terrorism Command in the Metropolitan Police, who
also wanted to investigate Mr Miranda for criminal offences. It was decided
that the best way to achieve the objectives of both the Security Service and
the police was to conduct a Schedule 7 stop. To that end, the Security Service
issued a National Security Justification, a request from the Security Service
to the police to ask them to consider using the Schedule 7 powers to conduct
the stop. A second document, which was agreed between the police officers and
the Security Service, concerned the “tactical aspects of the proposed stop”,
and was contained in the Port Circulation Sheet (“PCS”). Both these steps of
authorisation were needed for a Schedule 7 stop to be conducted. In this case,
the first PCS was not actively considered by the police, and the second PCS
was considered by the duty officer, DI Woodford, to be insufficient. A third
PCS was then prepared and sent to the police, which was then accepted. The
Schedule 7 stop then went ahead on 18 August on the basis of the third PCS. Mr
Miranda applied for judicial review, claiming, inter alia, that the power was
exercised for a purpose not permitted by the statute.

50 The Court of Appeal first considered the purpose of the stop in question.
Lord Dyson MR agreed with Laws LJ (who heard the matter with two other judges
at first instance) that the issue was one of fact: Miranda at [26]. In this
context, Lord Dyson approved the use of the “true and dominant purpose” test,
citing Ex parte Bowles ([47] supra). The Security Service and the Metropolitan
Police were two separate bodies, similar to the AG and the CAD in this case.
Lord Dyson MR proceeded on the basis that “although the process which led to
the exercise of the stop power was initiated by the Security Service”
[emphasis in original] the police also exercised an independent decision-
making role: Miranda at [30]. Lord Dyson MR went on to state (Miranda at
[30]):

It is clear from the evidence of DS Stokley that the police exercised their
own judgment in deciding whether it was appropriate to conduct the stop. They
recognised that they could not act as a conduit for the furtherance of the
purposes of the Security Service. They had to be persuaded that the conditions
for the lawful exercise of the stop power were satisfied in the circumstances
of the case. That is why they rejected the second PCS, which was the first PCS
that they considered.

51 Mr Miranda claimed that the police were simply giving effect to the
directions of the Security Service, but the Court of Appeal held otherwise.
The true and dominant purpose of the stop was to give effect to the third PCS,
which was the document upon which the police acted. Lord Dyson MR held in
Miranda at [31] that the police were alive to the fact that “the objectives of
the Security Service and the police were distinct” and that “the stop power
could not be exercised unless the statutory conditions for its exercise were
met”. Having found that the true and dominant purpose was to give effect to
the third PCS, and not the Security Service’s agenda, Lord Dyson MR observed
(Miranda at [31]):

[T]he national security and counter-terrorism considerations in this case were
linked and overlapped, as was reflected by the fact that this was a joint
operation which had been initiated by the Security Service. The fact that the
exercise of the Schedule 7 power also promoted the Security Service’s
different (but overlapping) purpose does not, however, mean that the power was
not exercised for the Schedule 7 purpose. The Metropolitan Police exercised
the power for its own purpose of determining whether Mr Miranda appeared to be
a person falling within section 40(1)(b). [emphasis added]

52 The following principles drawn from Miranda ([48] supra) and Ex parte
Bowles, are relevant to the present case:

(a) the purpose for which a statutory power may be exercised must be drawn
from the statute;

(b) where there is more than one purpose, the true and dominant purpose must
be sought;

(c) where there is joint action by more than one agency, the purpose that is
relevant is that of the person exercising the power under the statute;

(d) the burden of proof would be on the party asserting an improper purpose;
and

(e) any assessment of true and dominant purpose must be sensitive to the facts
in the circumstances of the case.

53 In relation to the burden of proof, it is worth reiterating here that this
follows from the general proposition that officials are presumed to act
lawfully and the burden is on the party seeking to challenge the lawfulness of
such actions to prove their case: Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney-General
[2012] 2 SLR 49 at [47]. This presumption is merely a “starting point”,
however, and the question is whether the applicant is able to prove otherwise:
see Saravanan Chandaram v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2020] SGCA 43
at [154] (discussing the analogous presumption in relation to legislation).

Relevance of bad faith or malice

54 In this context, I should touch on the differences between an assertion of
bad faith and malice, and an assertion of purposes collateral to the
stipulated statutory purposes. The AG submitted that only proof of bad faith
would establish that the statements had been recorded for an ulterior purpose.
To that end, it characterised the Applicant’s arguments as an attack on the
bona fides of the investigation and ultimately concluded that the Applicant
had failed to meet its burden of proving bad faith. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AG’s Written Submissions at para 20.

In truth, the Applicant’s claim was simply that the CAD had exercised its
power under the CPC for a collateral purpose. This amounted to the CAD acting
ultra vires and was therefore unlawful. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 30.

55 As a matter of the applicable legal standard, bad faith did not need to be
proved for a claim of collateral purpose to succeed. The distinction between
an unlawful exercise of power and bad faith was explained by the Court of
Appeal in Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali v Attorney-General [2015] 5 SLR 1222
(“Ridzuan”). There, the Court of Appeal considered the applicant’s argument
that a failure to take into account relevant considerations or the taking into
account of irrelevant considerations would amount to bad faith under s 33B(4)
of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) (see further below
at [112]). The Court of Appeal rejected that argument, holding at [70]:

We do not accept the Appellant’s suggestion that bad faith on the part of the
PP would be made out if it can be shown that the PP took legally irrelevant
considerations into account or failed to take legally relevant considerations
into account in reaching his decision on whether to issue the certificate of
substantive assistance. The touchstone of “bad faith” in the administrative
law context is the idea of dishonesty. Merely taking into account legally
irrelevant considerations or failing to take into account legally relevant
considerations, where there is no dishonesty involved, would not suffice. As
Megaw LJ stated in Cannock Chase District Council v Kelly [1978] 1 WLR 1 (at
6D–6F):

… I would stress—for it seems to me that an unfortunate tendency has developed
of looseness of language in this respect—that bad faith, or, as it is
sometimes put, ‘lack of good faith,’ means dishonesty: not necessarily for a
financial motive, but still dishonesty. It always involves a grave charge. It
must not be treated as a synonym for an honest, though mistaken, taking into
consideration of a factor which is in law irrelevant.

Taking a cue from Megaw LJ’s aforesaid statement, Alex Gask suggests that a
decision maker is said to have acted in bad faith when he “acts dishonestly,
taking action which is known by the actor to be improper” (Alex Gask, “Other
Grounds of Review” in Judicial Review (Helen Fenwick, gen ed) (LexisNexis, 4th
Ed, 2010) at para 13.2.1).

[emphasis added]

56 Applying Ridzuan to the present case, the Applicant’s claim is that the
statement was recorded for a purpose that is not prescribed or authorised by
the statute that gives the power to record the statement. Such an argument
does not require proof of bad faith.

57 That being said, such an argument may effectively require proof of bad
faith to succeed in certain circumstances. For example, the authority could
acknowledge that its actions were motivated by multiple purposes. It could
even acknowledge that some were unlawful in that they were not purposes for
which the statutory power could be exercised, if taken alone. But ultimately,
the authority may attempt to justify its actions by claiming that the unlawful
purposes were entirely secondary and incidental to the lawful ones. In such a
situation, challenging the authority's account may effectively be an
allegation of dishonesty: the authority knew it was doing something unlawful
but (dishonestly) sought to establish a pretext for its exercise of power and
is now also (dishonestly) claiming that a lawful purpose was its true and
dominant purpose. This is the case here. The contention that the statements
were recorded for an ulterior purpose would, in effect, be an allegation that
the CAD’s stated (lawful) purpose was entirely pretext – a cover-up, in other
words, for its real (unlawful) purpose. That would be an assertion of
dishonesty. Hence, to the extent that this applies to the case at hand, I
agree with the AG that contentions of dishonesty are serious allegations that
must not be made on mere suspicion: see Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector
of Land Revenue [2007] 2 SLR(R) 568 at [39], citing Yeap Seok Pen v Government
of the State of Kelantan [1986] 1 MLJ 449.

Application to the facts

58 According to Deputy Public Prosecutor Huang Xin’en Magdalene, the AGC on 31
August 2017 directed the CAD to conduct further investigations in relation to
the commissions paid by law firms to Mr Ng, highlighting that such payment of
commissions was improper and contrary to professional rules, and wanted to
ascertain if the conduct of these law firms and lawyers had disciplinary
consequences. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Huang Xin’en Magdalene’s Affidavit at para 6.

As stated at [43] above, in examining the legality of the taking of the
statement, it is the purpose of the police officer in exercising the power
that is relevant.

59 SIO Lie’s evidence was as follows: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at paras 8–9.

My view on AGC’s directions was that I needed to determine the nature and
extent of the involvement of any of the lawyers and/or law firms in the
fraudulent motor insurance injury claims. Given that the lawyers and/or law
firms may have acted improperly, I also considered whether any of these
lawyers and/or law firms had engaged in a conspiracy to commit an offence of
cheating.

The practice of law firms paying commissions to Mr Ng for referring cases to
them was unusual and raised suspicion that past referrals of cases by Mr Ng to
law firms could potentially have involved lawyers and law firms in fraudulent
motor insurance injury claims.

60 It appears from the above that SIO Lie understood the AGC’s request in
context, which is that professional breaches could indicate more substantial
criminal activity. It raised a suspicion that fraud was afoot. He interpreted
AGC’s statement to be shorthand, so to speak, that where there are knowing
breaches of ethical rules, there could be a line of investigation worth
pursuing into criminal offences. SIO Lie’s evidence indicated that he had
exercised his own judgment on the purpose for which the statements should be
recorded (see also Miranda ([48] supra) at [30]), and it is therefore his
explanation that I focus on in this case.

61 SIO Lie explained that Mr Ng’s 14 September statement had been recorded
with a view to determining the extent of the involvement of any of the lawyers
and law firms in fraudulent motor insurance injury claims. If any of the
lawyers to whom Mr Ng referred cases had been aware that the referrals
involved fraudulent insurance claims, these lawyers and/or law firms could
have engaged in a conspiracy to commit an offence of cheating against the
insurance firms who had to pay out on these fraudulent motor insurance injury
claims. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at para 10.

62 Further, SIO Lie stated that the Applicant’s 20 September statement was
recorded to gather more information on the motor insurance injury claims made
by drivers who had been referred to the Firm as well as the circumstances
under which those referrals had been made. SIO Lie deposed that this had been
carried out to ascertain “the nature and extent of the involvement of [the
Firm] and the Applicant in fraudulent motor insurance injury claims”. This was
why the statement contained a warning to the Applicant that the investigation
was into an offence of “Cheating (Motor Insurance Fraud)” in the period
“around 2013 till 2015”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at para 13 and 40.

63 As for Mr Krishnamoorthi’s 12 December statement, SIO Lie deposed that the
purpose of recording that statement was to follow up on a claim made by Mr Woo
that he had not received a letter of acknowledgement from the Firm dated 1
July 2015, which Mr Krishnamoorthi had claimed in an earlier statement to have
sent to Mr Woo. Further, SIO Lie wanted to ascertain Mr Krishnamoorthi’s
knowledge of and involvement in the payment of referral fees to Mr Ng. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at para 16.

64 In my judgment, SIO Lie’s explanation was, on the face of it, plausible and
logical. If the Applicant had been regularly paying referral fees to Mr Ng,
and if he had done so in conscious breach of the PCR provisions, that would
have been a relevant factor in SIO Lie’s determination of whether there was
evidence of the Applicant’s involvement in a conspiracy to cheat insurance
firms. In other words, the Applicant’s knowing breach of professional conduct
rules could ground a suspicion of and link to a larger breach of criminal law.
It was sensible for SIO Lie to have pursued this line of inquiry with the
Applicant.

65 I then considered whether the Applicant had any evidence to show that SIO
Lie’s explanation as to his purpose was false. First, the Applicant pointed
out that the investigation into the Applicant’s involvement was belated,
having commenced only on 31 August 2017 after Mr Ng had been convicted and
sentenced, while Mr Ng had already disclosed the involvement of lawyers in his
statement dated 6 April 2016. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 33–35.

In my view, this delay was equivocal. AGC directed SIO Lie to look into this
issue on the same day as Mr Ng’s conviction and sentencing. It was equally
plausible that any investigation into a wider and deeper motor insurance fraud
conspiracy could be more appropriate after the offender whose evidence would
become crucial had been sentenced, or that the potential for a wider
conspiracy was noticed only later after a subsequent officer noticed the
potential disciplinary breaches. The Applicant’s criticism here was
speculative.

66 Second, the Applicant invited the court to examine the statements
themselves to draw the conclusion that they were taken for the dominant
purpose of investigating breaches of the PCR.

67 In relation to Mr Ng’s 14 September statement, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at p 37.

the Applicant pointed out that four out of six of the questions were directed
at “commissions” and “referrals”. However, this was consistent with SIO Lie’s
evidence that his purpose in following up from Mr Ng’s prior statements was to
ascertain the scope of the lawyers’ and/or law firms’ involvement in the motor
insurance fraud. In addition, the Applicant’s name was volunteered by Mr Ng,
and, on the face of the statement, was not suggested to him by SIO Lie. At the
hearing before me, counsel for the Applicant sought to make a point concerning
SIO Lie’s indication of “N/A” in the field for “offence … alleged to have been
committed”. This was equivocal because SIO Lie’s stated reason for
interviewing Mr Ng was to investigate further criminal offences on the part of
others in a motor insurance fraud conspiracy. That same field was filled out
in the Applicant’s and Mr Krishnamoorthi’s statements and the failure to do so
in Mr Ng’s first statement did not go so far as to suggest that SIO Lie was
solely concerned with breaches of the PCR at all times.

68 It was in this context that SIO Lie then contacted the Applicant. It was
the Applicant’s evidence that SIO Lie telephoned him on 15 September to ask to
record a statement with respect to the referral of Mr Woo, and followed up
with a request on 18 September for other personal injury files referred to the
Firm by Mr Ng. On 18 September, the Applicant enquired as to the reason and
was told that SIO Lie wished to ascertain whether any claims referred could be
potentially fraudulent. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Shanmugam Manohar’s Affidavit at para 7.

69 On 20 September 2017, at the outset of the taking of the statement, SIO Lie
administered the following warning to the Applicant:

I am conducting a Police investigation into an offence of Cheating (Motor
Insurance Fraud), alleged to have been committed from around 2013 till 2015 in
Singapore. You are bound to state truly the facts and circumstances with which
you have acquainted concerning the case save only that you may decline to make
with regard to any fact or circumstance a statement which would expose you to
a criminal charge or to a penalty or forfeiture.

70 In total, SIO Lie asked seven substantive questions (Q1 to Q7). SIO Lie
opened with the following question (Q1):

Police have investigated against one Ng Kin Kok for motor insurance fraud. In
the course of the investigation, Ng Kin Kok has revealed that he had referred
several accident cases to M/s K. Krishna & Partners Advocates and Solicitors.
Can you provide details of these accident cases?

The Applicant’s answer to this question took up the bulk of the statement,
running from pages 1 to 4, and dealt with how he came to know Mr Ng, how Mr Ng
started to refer cases to him, and gave details as to the different cases that
Mr Ng referred to him. The Applicant gave details of how he managed each case
as they were referred to him.

71 The other six questions were as follows:

(a) Question 2: “Who did Ng Kin Kok (“Jimmy”) liaise with usually at your law
firm?”

(b) Question 3: “Why did Ng Kin Kok (“Jimmy”) refer these accident cases to
your law firms and not others?”

(c) Question 4: “Can you explain how these referrals from Ng Kin Kok (“Jimmy”)
were processed?”

(d) Question 5: “Do you know where Ng Kin Kok (“Jimmy”) is now?”

(e) Question 6: “Do you have any idea that some of the claims submitted by Ng
Kin Kok (“Jimmy”) might be fraudulent?”

(f) Question 7: “Do you know that you would have contravened s39 [sic] of the
Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 by giving commissions for
referrals by Ng Kin Kok (“Jimmy”)?”

72 The Applicant argued that there were no questions concerning how the
Applicant or the Firm submitted the claims, but the questions, in particular
Q4 and Q7, concerned the breaches of the PCR. This was not a fair
characterisation of the statement when read as a whole. First, concerning the
Applicant’s specific allegation that no questions were asked about how they
submitted the claims, I noted that Q1 sought details about how the Firm dealt
with the cases and Q6 sought to determine his knowledge of whether the claims
were fraudulent. Second, the totality of the statement showed that the purpose
was to investigate breaches of the criminal law. At the outset, SIO Lie’s
warning stated that he was investigating motor insurance fraud. The bulk of
the statement dealt with the Applicant’s account of the cases that Mr Ng
referred to him, which was clearly relevant to establishing his involvement in
any motor insurance fraud. Q2, Q3, Q4, and Q5 then sought to particularise the
relationship between the Applicant and Mr Ng: who did Mr Ng speak to at the
Firm, why did Mr Ng refer to the cases to the Firm and not to anyone else, how
were those referrals processed, and whether the Applicant knew what had
happened to Mr Ng. These were relevant to SIO Lie’s determination of the
extent of the Applicant’s involvement in any conspiracy to commit motor
insurance fraud. Q6 expressly sought to determine the Applicant’s knowledge of
whether the claims were fraudulent. Q7, the only question to expressly refer
to the PCR, arose in this context and, following directly from Qs 2 to 6, was,
to my mind, exploring SIO Lie’s hypothesis that a lawyer who knowingly
breaches rules of professional conduct could have a wider criminal intent. The
express reference to the PCR was justified because it was the Applicant’s own
knowledge of whether he was in breach of such rules that was also relevant to
the investigation. It was the last question because the Applicant stated that
he did not consider that he had breached any ethical rules. He thereby closed
off the last avenue of enquiry.

73 The subsequent conduct of SIO Lie is equally consistent with his stated
purpose. SIO Lie proceeded to interview Mr Krishnamoorthi on 12 December 2017.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at p 46.

The questions as a whole reveal that the focus was on obtaining information
relating to the Firm’s business with Mr Woo, the claimant of motor insurance
in relation to whom Mr Ng was charged and convicted. The majority of the
questions were directed to establishing the facts relating to the Firm’s
interactions with Mr Woo and Mr Ng, and the references to the PCR arose only
in the two final substantive questions, which related to the same
interactions. Hence, while there were references to the PCR, these references
should be read in the broader context of the statement, suggesting that these
questions were intended to identify possible connections between the Firm and
Mr Ng’s offences. SIO Lie sought to record a further statement from Mr
Krishnamoorthi but Mr Krishnamoorthi declined. The statement and SIO Lie’s
follow up action showed that SIO Lie was looking for the law firm’s
involvement – but without success – in a larger context of fraud.

74 After the statements were recorded, the CAD then considered the evidence.
The CAD’s conclusion was that the evidence “did not disclose a further offence
of cheating on the part of Mr Ng or an offence of cheating (or conspiracy to
cheat) on the part of the Applicant”, and its findings, together with the
statements, were forwarded to the AGC for review. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at para 23.

At this stage, the CAD’s purpose was to provide AGC with the police’s
recommendations concerning the criminal offences that were in question. There
was nothing to suggest that the CAD’s consideration of evidence was simply a
pretext for covering up the use of investigative powers to inquire into
breaches of the PCR. Subsequently, when the AGC wished to disclose the
statements to the Law Society, it then sought the CAD’s views on that request
because the statements were recorded by the CAD. This again made sense in the
light of SIO Lie’s explanation. The Applicant contended that the fact that the
CAD helped the AGC seek Mr Ng’s and Mr Krishnamoorthi’s consent to be
contacted by the Law Society indicated that the CAD must have been helping the
AGC investigate breaches of the PCR. On the evidence before me, it appears
that the request was simply practical because SIO Lie was already in contact
with Mr Ng and Mr Krishnamoorthi, and SIO Lie’s assistance was an unsurprising
professional courtesy. In any event, that later administrative act could have
no bearing on his original reasons for taking their statements.

75 Looking at the evidence as a whole, the Applicant’s assertions, if true,
would have necessarily meant that SIO Lie had been actively misrepresenting
his true intentions in his interactions with the Applicant. It would have
meant that SIO Lie’s representations to the Applicant during the 18 September
phone call and the warning administered on 20 September were not entirely
truthful. Concocted to facilitate investigations into breaches of the PCR,
these would have amounted to dishonest misrepresentations. The CAD’s
consideration of the criminal case and recommendations to AGC would also have
been fabricated. And SIO Lie’s affidavit would accordingly have been an ex
post facto rationalisation premised on the same sham. These allegations
involving dishonesty were serious and as pointed out by the AG, advanced
without basis. The Applicant bore the burden of proof and there was absolutely
no evidence to support his arguments in the circumstances and context
surrounding the recording of the statement. To the contrary, SIO Lie had a
rational explanation of how he read the AGC’s request and how he proceeded to
take statements in order to investigate motor insurance fraud. His conduct
throughout was consistent and cohered with his explanation. I found that the
true and dominant purpose of recording the Applicant’s statement was to
investigate a criminal offence, namely motor insurance fraud.

Disclosure of the statements

76 I turn then to the next substantive issue, whether the Applicant’s
statement could be disclosed by the AG to the Law Society. The Applicant’s
contentions could be summarised into three arguments: that he had placed
reliance on the police booklet which indicated that the statements would not
be disclosed; that immunity could be founded on Taylor and another v Director
of the Serious Fraud Office [1999] 2 AC 177 (“Taylor”); and that the statement
was protected by the duty of confidence.

77 The AG disagreed, arguing that a public interest exception applied to the
duty of confidence, and, further, that the statutory context allowed the
disclosure and immunised him from suit.

78 I found that the first two of the Applicant’s arguments were not relevant
and a public interest exception applied in respect of the duty of confidence.
Section 85(3) of the LPA was of assistance to the AG, while s 106 of the LPA
was not. I explain these points in turn.

The police booklet

79 The Applicant argued that “the Police Procedures states that all
information provided to police officers by witnesses will not be transmitted
to third parties.” 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 69.

The reference was to the “Information Booklet on Police Procedures” updated on
June 2016 and exhibited in the Applicant’s affidavit, which appears to be a
booklet provided to certain persons who may need to deal with the police. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Exhibit SM-1 at p 5: Applicant’s Affidavit at p 14.

Contrary to the Applicant’s submissions, however, the booklet makes no such
absolute statement. The closest that the booklet comes to dealing with this
issue is the statement on p 26 and p 28: “As a police statement is an official
document, no copy will be provided to you or other persons unless otherwise
provided for by law” [emphasis added]. The issue in this case is the scope of
what is provided for by law. Page 28 also states that “[a]ll information
provided to our officers will be kept confidential”, but this too, is not in
dispute. The issue at hand is whether the public interest exception applied in
the present case. Therefore, the Applicant’s reliance on this booklet is
misplaced.

Contention of “absolute immunity”

80 The Applicant claimed an “absolute immunity” in any suit or action in
respect of the statement that he gave to the police, citing the case of Taylor
([76] supra). Taylor, however, concerned a defamation suit for things said in
the course of police investigations as recorded in police statements. The
absolute immunity discussed in that case pertained only to civil suits arising
out of such statements made during investigations: see also D v Kong Sim Guan
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 146 at [109]–[110]. It is also “limited to actions in which
the alleged statement constitutes the cause of action”: Taylor at 215C. The
Applicant is not under threat of an action for defamation or any civil suit
arising out of his statement to the CAD nor was that statement previously
disclosed in a suit. The crux of his concern is that his statement may contain
admissions or allude to facts relating to professional misconduct, but the
absolute immunity claimed is irrelevant to this issue. That is a matter that
pertains to the use of his statement as evidence in disciplinary proceedings
and is better left to arguments on admissibility before the DT.

The duty of confidence

81 It was common ground that a duty of confidence applied. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AG’s Written Submissions at para 83.

The dispute centred on whether the public interest exception permitted AG and
CAD to disclose the statements to the Law Society. The Applicant did not
dispute the existence of the exception, only its scope.

Scope of the public interest exception

82 As a general matter, “there is no confidence as to the disclosure of
iniquity”: Initial Services Ltd v Putterill [1968] 1 QB 396 (“Initial Services
Ltd”) at 405 (see also Wee Shuo Woon v HT SRL [2017] 2 SLR 94 at [54]). Lord
Denning MR went on to describe the scope of this principle as extending to
(Initial Services Ltd at 405):

… crimes, frauds and misdeeds, both those actually committed as well as those
in contemplation, provided always – and this is essential – that the
disclosure is justified in the public interest. The reason is because “no
private obligations can dispense with that universal one which lies on every
member of society to discover every design which may be formed, contrary to
the laws of the society, to destroy the public welfare”: see Annesley v
Anglesea (Earl). [emphasis added]

83 In the specific context of statements given to the police, the English
Court of Appeal has held in Frankson and others v Home Office [2003] 1 WLR
1952 that the expectation of confidence may be overridden by a greater public
interest shown on the facts of each case. Scott Baker LJ opined at [39]:

It seems to me that all who make statements to, or answer questions by, the
police do so in the expectation that confidence will be maintained unless (i)
they agree to waive it or (ii) it is overridden by some greater public
interest. The weight to be attached to the confidence will vary according to
the particular circumstances with which the court is dealing. [emphasis added]

84 In assessing whether the CAD and AG were entitled to disclose the
statements to the Law Society in this case, the court is asked to balance “the
public interest in upholding the right to confidence, which is based on the
moral principles of loyalty and fair dealing, against some other public
interest that will be served by the publication of the confidential material”:
Attorney-General v Guardian Newspapers (No 2) [1990] 1 AC 109 at 269. In the
context of police statements, there is, on the side of confidentiality, also
the interest in ensuring that witnesses are not deterred from coming forward
to assist in investigations, and of respecting the expectations of those who
do.

85 In the present case, disclosure was to a professional regulatory body.
While there have been no local authorities dealing with this situation, courts
in other common law jurisdictions have treated this issue as one where the
public interest is better served by disclosure.

86 The English case of Woolgar v Chief Constable of Sussex Police [2000] 1 WLR
25 (“Woolgar”) is on point. The case involved a nurse who was arrested after a
patient died in her care. She was interviewed by the police under caution, but
after investigations, the police informed the nurse and the local health
authority that there was insufficient evidence for a charge. However, the
local health authority’s registration and inspection unit referred the matter
to the nursing regulatory body, which contacted the police seeking, inter
alia, the nurse’s statements. The police sought the nurse’s consent for
disclosure, but she refused. She then sought an injunction from the court to
restrain the disclosure. The Court of Appeal held that there was no basis for
an injunction. Although statements given to the police are prima facie
confidential, there could be a public interest in disclosure (Woolgar at 36):

[I]n my judgment, where a regulatory body … operating in the field of public
health and safety, seeks access to confidential material in the possession of
the police, being material which the police are reasonably persuaded is of
some relevance to the subject matter of an inquiry being conducted by the
regulatory body, then a countervailing public interest is shown to exist
which, as in this case, entitles the police to release the material to the
regulatory body on the basis that, save in so far as it may be used by the
regulatory body for the purposes of its own inquiry, the confidentiality which
already attaches to the material will be maintained.

…

Even if there is no request from the regulatory body, it seems to me that if
the police come into possession of confidential information which, in their
reasonable view, in the interests of public health or safety, should be
considered by a professional or regulatory body, then the police are free to
pass that information to the relevant regulatory body for its consideration.

87 This principle was applied in R (Pamplin) v Law Society [2001] EWHC Admin
300 (“Pamplin”) in the context of disclosure to the Law Society in England.
The applicant, a solicitor’s clerk, had been investigated by the police in
connection with the applicant’s arrest for altering an attendance note. No
prosecution followed, but the file of evidence was disclosed by the police to
the Law Society. The Law Society then directed the compliance and supervision
committee to consider whether an order should be made against him preventing
any solicitor from employing him without consent. Newman J held that the
police had not acted unlawfully. Although it may be desirable to give notice
to the affected individual (see Woolgar at 37), disclosure without notice was
not thereby unlawful. The action taken by the police in that case was
consonant with the public interest, identified by the court (Pamplin at [19])
as:

[T]he interests of the public in the proper administration of justice; the
interests of the public in the integrity of the solicitors’ profession; the
interests of the public in the maintenance and regulation of those who are
involved in the legal profession who, for example, in the course of the
discharge of their duties, are required to participate in the provision of
legal services to persons in custody and the provision and preparation of
cases for trial. All of which makes necessary, for the better administration
of justice, that there be disciplinary control over matters coming to the
notice of either the police or the Law Society which may have a bearing on and
put at risk those matters, which it is in the public interest to uphold.
[emphasis added]

88 In Australia, the Supreme Court of Victoria had occasion to consider
similar issues in McLean v Racing Victoria Ltd [2019] VSC 690 (“McLean”).
While the decision ultimately turned on the scope of the privacy legislation
applicable in Victoria, Richards J made the following observations on the
common law in McLean at [47]–[48]:

Woolgar has not been considered or applied in Australia. However, the approach
taken in Woolgar is consistent with the analysis of Warren CJ, in Director of
Public Prosecutions v Zierk, of the circumstances in which an individual
police officer has a “duty not to disclose” information. The Chief Justice
held that whether a duty not to disclose information exists must be determined
by reference to the context. There were circumstances in which there was a
clear duty of non-disclosure; for example, if disclosure would impede the
detection, investigation or prosecution of criminal acts. On the other hand,
“if the disclosure would ensure adherence to safety requirements to prevent
injury to members in the performance of their police functions, a duty of non-
disclosure would not arise”.

Absent legislation, Woolgar and Zierk provide a basis for concluding that
confidential information held by police can be disclosed to a relevant
regulator in the public interest…

[emphasis added]

89 The same principles were approved by the New Zealand Court of Appeal in MA
v Attorney-General [2009] NZCA 490 at [43] in the context of disclosure of
information to the New Zealand Immigration Service. There, information first
gathered by the police was referred to the New Zealand Immigration Service and
was then used to revoke the applicant’s refugee status.

90 The position taken by the courts in England, Australia and New Zealand
reflect sensible and pragmatic considerations, which should apply similarly in
the local context. In Singapore, it has been acknowledged, albeit in other
contexts, that there is a strong public interest in ensuring that errant
lawyers are brought to task. In Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of
Singapore [2007] 4 SLR(R) 377 (“Rayney Wong (CA)”), for example, where the
Court of Appeal (at [51]) accepted the Law Society’s argument that the
doctrine of abuse of process did not apply to disciplinary proceedings against
advocates and solicitors, Chan Sek Keong CJ stated the importance of retaining
public confidence in the honesty, integrity and professionalism of the legal
profession, which justified “a higher public interest in disciplining errant
lawyers than in letting them off”. In respect of touting in particular, the
courts have regarded touting as a serious ethical breach. Rajah J (as he then
was), had strong words for the effect of such violations of professional rules
on the legal profession as a whole (Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of
Singapore [2006] 4 SLR(R) 934 at [85]):

A failure by significant numbers of the legal profession to abide by and
observe these ethical standards would eventually drive the entire profession
down the slippery slope of ignominy. Systemic ethical corruption will fray and
ultimately destroy the moral fibre of the profession.

Application to the facts

91 In my view, where evidence of disciplinary breaches is presented to the
police in the course of investigations, or where such information is then
received from the police by the AG, there is a public interest in disclosure
being made to the regulatory body in question. This is even more so where the
alleged breach disclosed is a serious one, as it was in the present case. Such
ethical breaches lead to corruption in the fabric of the bar and, as a
practical matter, can often be closely linked to criminal activity. In this
particular case, the ethical breach in issue had a potential nexus with wider
motor insurance fraud, even if the questioning in particular had not yielded
sufficient evidence to continue with investigation into that particular
offence.

92 The Applicant’s arguments to the contrary were not persuasive. His repeated
argument, that confidentiality ought to be maintained in the interest of not
deterring potential witnesses from cooperating, was neither controversial nor
convincing. The real issue was whether that interest was outweighed by the
public interest in disclosure. The Applicant’s further argument that there is
no public interest in allowing the CAD to use their powers to investigate
breaches of the PCR under the guise of investigating criminal offences 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 84 and 87.

effectively recycled his earlier arguments on collateral purpose and fell away
in the light of my views on the same.

93 I deal therefore with the Applicant’s specific arguments. First, the
Applicant claimed that the CAD’s and AG’s actions effectively prevented the
Applicant from challenging the admissibility of the statements, which he would
have been able to at trial. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 79.

This was not relevant. The issue of “admissibility” would be determined
differently in disciplinary proceedings (in accordance with the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed): see r 23 of the Legal Profession (Disciplinary
Tribunal) Rules (Cap 161, R 2, 2010 Rev Ed)) than at a criminal trial (in
accordance with the CPC) in any case. It is not the disclosure, but the nature
of the DT proceedings, that affects how the Applicant would be able challenge
the statements, and therefore, this argument does not serve as a
countervailing factor against disclosure.

94 Second, the Applicant argued that the disclosure was not necessary because
the matter could have proceeded under s 86 of the LPA if an Inquiry Committee
had been convened to investigate the issue. The authorities did not suggest
that the standard was pegged at such a high level of strict necessity.
Disclosure could still warranted even if there was an alternative means of
pursuing disciplinary action. In Woolgar ([86] supra) at 36H, disclosure was
justified if the police “in their reasonable view” decided that the
information “should be considered by a professional or regulatory body”. In
John Foster Emmott v Michael Wilson & Partners Ltd [2008] 2 All ER (Comm) 193
at [103] (as approved in AAY and others v AAZ [2011] 1 SLR 1093 at [71]),
Collins LJ considered that disclosure could be made where “the public interest
reasonably requires it” [emphasis added]. Here, the AG’s decision was
reasonable, as it was clear that Mr Ng and Mr Krishna would not cooperate with
the Inquiry Committee. The AG and the CAD, as a first step, sought to obtain
the consent of Mr Ng and Mr Krishnamoorthi for them to be contacted by the Law
Society. They had refused. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Lie Da Cheng’s Affidavit at paras 27–28.

It was only after this refusal and the Law Society’s indication that they
needed the evidence in the statements that the CAD and AG decided to disclose
the statements to the Law Society. There was no need to obtain the Applicant’s
consent, because he was the lawyer being investigated. His own statement to
the CAD had direct relevance, whether the proceedings were before an Inquiry
Committee or a DT. Public interest would not be served in convening an
additional Inquiry Committee when cogent evidence was available that ought to
be considered directly by a DT.

95 In the circumstances, the disclosure of the statements were not in breach
of confidence by either the CAD or the AG, since such disclosure was justified
in the public interest.

Statutory provisions relevant to the AG

96 In respect of the reliefs requested against the AG, the AG advanced two
further arguments relying on provisions in the LPA. The first was that the
section governing the AG’s referral to the Law Society, s 85(3) of the LPA,
furnished a wide power to refer any information, including confidential
information. The second was that in the exercise of his statutory function, he
was immunised from liability by an immunity provision under s 106 of the LPA.

The power of referral

97 Section 85(3) of the LPA reads as follows:

Any judicial office holder specified in subsection (3A), the Attorney-General,
the Director of Legal Services or the Institute may at any time refer to the
Society any information touching upon the conduct of a regulated legal
practitioner, and the Council must —

(a) refer the matter to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel; or

(b) if that judicial officer holder, the Attorney-General, the Director of
Legal Services or the Institute (as the case may be) requests that the matter
be referred to a Disciplinary Tribunal, apply to the Chief Justice to appoint
a Disciplinary Tribunal.

[emphasis added]

98 The crucial question was whether “any information” included confidential
information even where its disclosure would involve a breach of the duty of
confidentiality. The AG contended that, in this context, any information would
extend even to information protected by the duty of confidence. There was no
dispute that the word “information” included documentary information such as
statements. The dispute was on the width of the word “any”. The AG advanced
two arguments on this, one based on the ordinary and literal meaning of the
word, the other premised on the use of the word in the LPA. This again
involved the court in an exercise of statutory interpretation, and as such, I
again considered the interpretative approach summarised in Tan Cheng Bock
([24] supra) at [37].

99 The first step was to consider the text of the provision and the context of
the provision within the statute. The word “any” ordinarily has a broad
meaning. In Li Shengwu v Attorney-General [2019] 1 SLR 1081 (“Li Shengwu”) at
[170], the Court of Appeal interpreted “any other written law” in O 11 r 1(n)
of the ROC to mean, in its plain and ordinary meaning, “any and all statutes”.
On that basis, the AG argued that “any information” would mean the AG could
refer “any and all” information to the Law Society.

100 That was not the end of the matter, however, as the phrase “any
information” was also to be considered in the context of its use within the
LPA. Within s 85(3) itself, the phrase is used to describe the AG’s power of
referral: the AG “may refer… any information”. In Li Shengwu, the word was
used to describe a range of written law. Used in that context, the breadth of
“any written law” is readily ascertainable. When the word is used in the
context of a power, on the other hand, it gives the power an all-encompassing
breadth which is not, on the face of the statute, readily ascertainable.
Because of this distinction, the interpretation used in Li Shengwu, while
helpful, could not be determinative.

101 I went on to consider the two other instances where the phrase “any
information” was used in the context of the AG’s power of referral. I bore in
mind that where identical words are used in a statute, they “should
presumptively have the same meaning” although that may be displaced by the
context: Tan Cheng Bock at [58(c)(i)]. In my opinion, these other uses of the
words “any” and “information” appeared to cast some doubt on the prima facie
breadth of the phrase “any information” as it appears in s 85(3) of the LPA.

102 First, under s 2E(2)(a) of the LPA, the AG may furnish “any information”
to the Director of Legal Services. This was a similar power to that in s 85(3)
of the LPA that enabled the AG to facilitate the work of the Director of Legal
Services in regulating certain lawyers and legal practice entities. Hence, the
word “any” could be said, at first glance, to involve a similar usage. That
provision, however, opens with the phrase “[n]otwithstanding any written law
or rule of law” in s 2E(2). There is no such qualification in s 85(3) of the
LPA. The manner in which this provision is framed could instead suggest that,
in the absence of a similar phrase in s 85(3) of the LPA, and contrary to what
the AG argued, the AG would not have any additional authority to disclose
information beyond that provided within existing law.

103 The second reference to the words “any” and “information” is in s 66(2) of
the LPA. Section 66 as a whole reads as follows:

66.—(1) Except insofar as may be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to
any resolutions or decisions of the Council and any Review Committee or
Inquiry Committee, confidentiality shall be maintained in all proceedings
conducted by the Council, its staff and the Review Committee or Inquiry
Committee.

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), the Chief Justice or the Attorney-General
may require the Council to disclose to him any matter or information relating
to any complaint of misconduct or disciplinary action against any advocate and
solicitor.

[emphasis added]

Again, the drafting differs from s 85(3). Section 66(2) opens with
“[n]otwithstanding subsection (1)”. Subsection 1 provides for the
confidentiality of the proceedings of the Council of the Law Society, its
staff, the Review Committee and the Inquiry Committee. Section 66(2) of the
LPA was introduced to ensure that despite the confidentiality of proceedings
provided by s 66(1), the Law Society would be able to disclose such
information if requested: Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (12
November 1993), vol 61 at cols 1165 to 1166 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister of
Law). In subsection (2), the word “any” allows the AG to circumvent any
confidentiality requirements. This however, is only made possible by the words
“notwithstanding subsection (1)” which qualify s 66(2) of the LPA.

104 Therefore, both s 2E(2)(a) and s 66(2) of the LPA appear to use “any
information” in different contexts, which suggests that whatever meaning “any
information” has in those provisions may not apply generally to other uses of
“any information” in the LPA. I further noted that these provisions were
introduced substantially later than the original provision which eventually
became s 85(3) of the LPA was. This is not a case where identical words in a
statute are used identically. Hence, the fact that “any information” in those
provisions may be broad enough to refer to confidential information would not
be sufficient for the court to find that the same applies in s 85(3) of the
LPA.

105 Further, the other provisions are qualified with the phrases
“[n]otwithstanding any written law or rule of law” and “[n]otwithstanding
subsection (1)” respectively. This suggests that “any information” as a
description of the AG’s power of referral does not, by itself, warrant a broad
interpretation covering information that would otherwise be a breach of duty
or unlawful to disclose. In other words, it could be argued that the phrase
“any information” was not intended to mean “any and all” in such a broad
manner, as such a broad definition of “any” would render the relevant
qualifications in s 2E(2) and s 66(2) of the LPA superfluous. In particular,
the framing of s 2E(2) with the phrase beginning “[n]otwithstanding…” was the
more relevant one for the purpose at hand, because it concerned a similar
power of referral to discipline. This qualifier would suggest that in the
absence of that phrase, the AG would be constrained by statute and common law.

106 There were, therefore, at the first step of the analysis, two possible
interpretations of “any”. The first was the literal interpretation preferred
by the AG. The second, which follows from the use of the word and its framing
within s 2E(2), was to interpret “any information” to mean information that
the AG would not otherwise be prevented from disclosing under any written law
or rule of law. I refer to this as the “limited interpretation”. In the light
of these two possibilities, I proceeded to the remaining steps of the
purposive approach.

107 The second step in the Tan Cheng Bok ([24] supra) analysis looks to the
purpose of the provision and legislation. At the outset, I note that the
legislative history does not shed further light on the purpose or scope of the
provision. The material part of the provision was first introduced by the
Advocates and Solicitors (Amendment) Ordinance (SS Ord No 6 of 1936) amending
s 26 of the Advocates and Solicitors Ordinance (SS Cap 62, 1936 Rev Ed), but
no comment was made on it at the time. It was then adopted as s 89(2) of the
Legal Profession Act 1966 (Act 57 of 1966) without further comment. Hence, the
focus of the present discussion is on the purpose as gleaned from the
provision and statute itself. Section 85(3) of the LPA provides for a specific
means by which a referral of information concerning a regulated legal
practitioner can be made to the Law Society. The provision applies to judicial
office-holders (as specified by s 85(3A)), the AG, the Director of Legal
Services and the Singapore Institute of Legal Education (“the Institute”).
Each of these offices has a special responsibility for and interest in the
standards of the legal profession. In their different capacities, they would
in the course of their work come upon information concerning regulated legal
practitioners that would be of interest to the Law Society. Facilitating such
referral of information would serve the greater purpose of regulating the
legal profession through the Law Society, as this would be an important means
by which information reaches the regulatory body.

108 At the same time, it is necessary to consider the variety of contexts in
which the bodies and persons referred to in s 85(3) of the LPA do their work.
Each of them may come into possession of information in different contexts,
each with different legal considerations attaching to the use of that
information. There are a variety of legal rules that have been developed in
different areas of law that touch on the use and publication of such
information to other persons. The issue of confidentiality may arise, as it
has in this case, and for which the law on confidentiality has developed its
own exception for such use. In other contexts, where the information in
question could be potentially defamatory, the issue of qualified privilege may
be raised: Adam v Ward [1917] AC 309 at 334; see also Low Tuck Kwong v Sukamto
Sia [2014] 1 SLR 639 at [60]. The referral of information in s 85(3) of the
LPA would operate in the context of many other rules that govern the scope of
the use and publication of information. In the present context, and again in
comparison with the frame of s 2E(2) which does not exist in s 85(3), s 85(3)
of the LPA was not intended to allow disclosures, irrespective of the
confidential nature of the information. This would amount to a new ground on
which disclosure may be justified. Nothing in the provision suggested that
this had been Parliament’s intention. Rather, in the framework of Part VII of
the LPA, it appears to be a purely facilitative provision. It provides a
statutory basis for the AG and other bodies to make referrals of information
to the Law Society, with the accompanying power to make a specific request for
a DT to be constituted.

109 Turning then to the third step in the purposive approach, I considered
which of the two possible interpretations best serves the purpose of the
legislation. In my judgment, the limited interpretation is most appropriate.
First, it sits more easily with ss 2E(2) and 66 of the LPA, delineating a good
rationale for the use of the extra words in those sections. Second, as I have
noted, s 85(3) of the LPA is intended to operate in a wide variety of contexts
where different legal rules may apply to protect the interests of individuals
in different ways. In the absence of language to the contrary, it was more
appropriate in this regard to give effect to these norms within s 85(3) of the
LPA rather than to read s 85(3) as overriding all these other rules. In this
regard, the limited interpretation was more suitable as it worked in tandem
with the common law and other rules relating to the use of information. Third,
arising from the second, this interpretation operated on the premise that each
of the bodies given such power would consider the law prior to exercise of its
power. This is a sound basis because the boundaries of the law should always
be a relevant consideration in the mind of any person exercising statutory
power. The expectation must be that such persons invested with statutory
authority would seek to comply with all their duties, whether under statute or
common law, whether in public or private law.

110 Applying this approach to the case, the lawfulness of the use of s 85(3)
of the LPA in the present was therefore contingent on whether an exception to
confidentiality applied. Because I was of the view that the public interest
exception applied, it followed that the AG properly exercised his power of
referral under s 85(3) of the LPA.

Section 106 of the LPA

111 In disclosing the Applicant’s statement to the Law Society, the AG was
fulfilling his statutory regulatory function. The AG therefore relied on s 106
of the LPA, a wide-ranging immunity clause which reads:

No action or proceeding shall lie against the Attorney-General, the Society,
the Council, a Review Committee or any member thereof, an Inquiry Committee or
any member thereof, or a Disciplinary Tribunal or any member or the secretary
thereof for any act or thing done under this Act unless it is proved to the
court that the act or thing was done in bad faith or with malice. [emphasis
added]

112 The italicised words in s 106 of the LPA are found also in s 33B(4) of the
MDA, which reads:

The determination of whether or not any person has substantively assisted the
Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug trafficking activities shall be at
the sole discretion of the Public Prosecutor and no action or proceeding shall
lie against the Public Prosecutor in relation to any such determination unless
it is proved to the court that the determination was done in bad faith or with
malice. [emphasis added]

113 Section 33B(4) of the MDA was considered by the Court of Appeal in
Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2
SLR 216 (“Nagaenthran”). It was contended by the AG in that case that s 33B(4)
of the MDA extended to oust the court’s power of judicial review over the PP’s
determination under s 33B(2)(b) as to whether an accused had substantively
assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug trafficking
activities except on the grounds of bad faith, malice or unconstitutionality,
and the applicant’s claims in that case fell short of malice and bad faith:
Nagaenthran at [43]. The Court of Appeal disagreed, holding that the clause
did not oust the jurisdiction of the court but operated by way of an immunity
clause: Nagaenthran at [47].

114 Of relevance is the Court of Appeal’s summation of the approach to such
clauses in Nagaenthran at [50]:

First, they are exceptional in that they preclude claims being brought against
certain classes of persons under prescribed conditions where ordinarily, such
persons might otherwise be subject to some liability. Second, statutory
immunity clauses commonly seek to protect persons carrying out public
functions. It is on account of the responsibilities that burden the exercise
of such public functions and the desire not to hinder their discharge that
such immunity clauses are commonly justified. Thus, as was noted in Rosli bin
Dahlan (see [49] above), immunity from suit may be justified in order to
safeguard the ability of prosecutors to exercise their prosecutorial
discretion independently without fear of liability ... Third, and as a
corollary to this, such immunity generally would not extend to the misuse or
abuse of the public function in question; nor would the immunity typically
apply where its beneficiary exceeded the proper ambit of the functions of his
office. Thus, it was held that prosecutorial immunity would not extend to
protect against claims for malicious, deliberate or injurious wrongdoing:
Rosli bin Dahlan at [98]…

115 The Court of Appeal then considered s 33B(4) of the MDA, holding in
Nagaenthran at [51] that:

On its face, s 33B(4) does not purport to exclude the jurisdiction of the
courts to supervise the legality of the PP’s determination under s 33B(2)(b)
of the MDA. What it does do, is to immunise the PP from suit save on the
stated grounds. In other words, an offender who is aggrieved by the PP’s
determination that he had not provided substantive assistance to the CNB in
disrupting drug trafficking activities cannot take the PP to task by way of
proceedings in court except where he can establish that the PP’s determination
in that respect was made in bad faith, with malice or perhaps
unconstitutionally. … Further, in our judgment, nothing in s 33B(2)(b)
excludes the usual grounds of judicial review, such as illegality,
irrationality and procedural impropriety (see Tan Seet Eng ([46] supra) at
[62]), on the basis of which the court may examine the legality of the PP’s
determination, as opposed to its merits. …

116 In my view, the same approach applies in interpreting s 106 of the LPA. In
doing so, it is important to ascertain and delineate both what lies within and
outside its scope. Nagaenthran (at [51]) clarifies that illegality,
irrationality or procedural impropriety is outside the scope of such immunity
clauses. If, as asserted by the Applicant, the AG has exercised his s 85(3)
power outside the limits of his authority, the section would provide no
protection for his action. The legality of the exercise of powers under a
statute continue to be subject to the supervisory jurisdiction of the court.
As the Court of Appeal stated in Tan Seet Eng v Attorney-General and another
matter [2016] 1 SLR 779 at [98]: “All power has legal limits and it is within
the province of the courts to determine whether those limits have been
exceeded.” This approach is consistent with Woo Bih Li J’s in Deepak Sharma v
Law Society of Singapore [2016] 4 SLR 192 (“Deepak Sharma”) at [44]–[49],
which was decided prior to and did not have the benefit of the reasoning of
Nagaenthran, but which arrived at the same conclusion. Woo J there held that s
106 of the LPA did not exclude judicial review over the parties named therein
and therefore did not apply to immunise the Review Committee from judicial
review of its actions.

117 The inquiry turns to the proper ambit of the immunity that s 106 of the
LPA provides. Deepak Sharma did not deal with this issue. The context of the
MDA as discussed in Nagaenthran ([113] supra) is very different from the LPA,
and the relevant part of s 33B(4) of the MDA, which does not feature in the
case at hand, pointed to non-justiciable matters. Nevertheless, the guidance
given by Nagaenthran (at [49] and [50]) remains relevant in relation to the
AG’s exercise of his power under s 85(3) of the LPA. The primary purpose of
the AG’s power under s 85(3), similar to the two cases on prosecutorial
immunity cited in Nagaenthran at [49], is, ultimately, for cases to be brought
by the Law Society before a separate fact finding tribunal. While the AG’s
role in this context is not strictly one of prosecution, there are
similarities which suggest that the three policy reasons and countervailing
concern cited in Nagaenthran at [49] are relevant here. These policy concerns
were articulated in Henry v British Columbia (Attorney General) [2012] BCJ No
1965, 2012 BCSC 1491 at [20], and the countervailing concern was expressed in
Rosli bin Dahlan v Tan Sri Abdul Gani bin Patail [2014] 11 MLJ 481 at [95].
First, such immunity encourages public trust in the fairness and impartiality
of those who exercise their discretion in bringing criminal prosecutions (in
this context, the referral of information for disciplinary action to be
taken). Second, the threat of personal liability for tortious conduct would
have a chilling effect on the prosecutor’s exercise of discretion (in this
context, the AG’s discretion to refer information to the Law Society). Third,
to permit civil suits against prosecutors would invite a flood of litigation
that would deflect a prosecutor’s energies from the discharge of his public
duties; and it would open the door to unmeritorious claims that might have the
effect of threatening prosecutorial independence (in this context, there is a
risk that the AG, in exercising this power, may be subject to suits from
disgruntled targets of disciplinary actions). As against these considerations
are concerns that private individuals ought not to be denied a remedy where
they have been, for example, maliciously prosecuted. In the result, a balance
is struck where prosecutors enjoy a broad immunity from suit in respect of the
carrying out of their functions, but are not given carte blanche to exercise
their discretion.

118 Applying these principles, s 106 of the LPA serves to preserve the ability
of the AG to exercise his judgment freely in this statutory duty of referral
without fear of liability. If the AG’s referral, exercised intra vires, is in
good faith and without malice, no action or proceedings would lie. If, for
example, the referred matter should later be adjudicated by the DT or the
Court of Three Judges to be unmeritorious, the AG would have immunity save
where malice or bad faith could be proved. The same rationale also applies to
the other bodies and persons referred to in s 106 of the LPA. Each plays a
role in the regulatory and disciplinary process under the LPA, and each should
be free to exercise their powers lawfully without fear of liability.

119 Coming then to the present application, I was of the view (at [110]) that
the AG’s power of referral was exercised lawfully. If, as the Applicant
asserted, the AG’s exercise of his power had been unlawful, s 106 of the LPA
would not have afforded any protection. That, nevertheless, was not the
situation at hand.

Conclusion

120 OS 1206/2019 was dismissed. Costs were awarded to the AG and Law Society.
Bearing in mind that the Law Society was previously awarded costs for raising
similar arguments in OS 1030/2019, these were fixed at $4,500 and $2,500 for
the AG and Law Society respectively, inclusive of disbursements.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Choo Zheng Xi and Priscilla Chia Wen Qi (Peter Low & Choo LLC) for the
applicant;

Jeyendran s/o Jeyapal and Ruth Ng Yew Ching (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the first respondent;

Aaron Lee Teck Chye and Chong Xue Er Cheryl (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
second respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

