Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 14

Criminal Case No 26 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And  

|  BRH  
---|---  
  
ORAL JUDGMENT

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Sexual penetration]

[Criminal procedure and sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark sentences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

BRH

[2020] SGHC 14

High Court — Criminal Case No. 26 of 2019  
Tan Siong Thye J  
13 January 2020

13 January 2020

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 This is a highly appalling case involving the sexual abuse of a very young
and vulnerable victim by her step-father. The accused, BRH, repeatedly
committed sexual offences against his very young step-daughter (“the Victim”).
These offences occurred from the time the Victim was only six years of age,
and continued until she was 12. At the relevant time of the offences, the
accused was between 34 and 39 years of age. For his actions, the accused faces
the following 15 charges in chronological sequence:

(a) sometime in 2012 he outraged the modesty of the Victim who was under 14
years of age, an offence punishable under s 354(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008, Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”), namely, by rubbing the Victim’s vagina over her
clothes without her consent when she was between six and seven years of age
(“the 1st charge”);

(b) sometime between January and June 2013 he sexually assaulted by
penetration the Victim who was under 14 years of age, an offence under s
376(1)(a) and punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code, namely, he
penetrated his penis into the anus of the Victim without her consent when she
was then 7 years of age (“the 2nd charge”);

(c) sometime in 2014 he sexually assaulted by penetration the Victim who was
under 14 years of age, an offence under s 376(1)(a) and punishable under s
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code, namely, he penetrated his penis into the mouth of
the Victim without her consent when she was between eight and nine years of
age (“the 3rd charge”);

(d) sometime in 2014 he attempted to sexually assault the Victim who was under
14 years of age, an offence under s 376(1)(a) and punishable under s 376(4)(b)
read with s 511 of the Penal Code, namely, by attempting to penetrate, with
his penis, the anus of the Victim without her consent when she was between
eight and nine years of age (“the 4th charge”);

(e) sometime in 2014 he raped the Victim who was under 14 years of age, an
offence under s 375(1)(b) and punishable under s 375(3)(b) of the Penal Code,
namely, by penetrating, with his penis, the vagina of the Victim without her
consent when she was between eight and nine years of age (“the 5th charge”);

(f) sometime in January 2015 he sexually assaulted by penetration the Victim
who was under 14 years of age, an offence under s 376(1)(a) and punishable
under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code, namely, by penetrating, with his penis,
the anus of the Victim without her consent when she was then 9 years of age
(“the 6th charge”);

(g) sometime in 2015 he raped the Victim who was under 14 years of age, an
offence under s 375(1)(b) and punishable under s 375(3)(b) of the Penal Code,
namely, by penetrating, with his penis, the vagina of the Victim without her
consent when she was between nine and ten years of age (“the 7th charge”);

(h) sometime in 2015 he sexually assaulted the Victim who was under 14 years
of age, an offence under s 376(1)(a) and punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the
Penal Code, namely, by penetrating, with his penis, the mouth of the Victim
without her consent when she was between nine and ten years of age (“the 8th
charge”);

(i) sometime in 2016 he outraged the modesty of the Victim who was under 14
years of age, an offence punishable under s 354(2) of the Penal Code, namely,
by touching the Victim’s vagina over her clothes without her consent when she
was between ten and 11 years of age (“the 9th charge”);

(j) sometime in 2016 he outraged the modesty of the Victim who was under 14
years of age, an offence punishable under s 354(2) of the Penal Code, namely,
by touching the Victim’s buttocks skin-on-skin without her consent when she
was between ten and 11 years of age (“the 10th charge”);

(k) sometime in December 2016 he sexually assaulted by penetration the Victim
who was under 14 years of age, an offence under s 376(1)(a) and punishable
under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code, namely, by penetrating, with his penis,
the mouth of the Victim without her consent when she was then 11 years of age
(“the 11th charge”);

(l) sometime in December 2016 he sexually assaulted by penetration the Victim
who was under 14 years of age, an offence under s 376(1)(a) and punishable
under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code, namely, by penetrating, with his penis,
the anus of the Victim without her consent when she was then 11 years of age
(“the 12th charge”);

(m) sometime in 2017 he sexually assaulted by penetration the Victim who was
under 14 years of age, an offence under s 376(1)(a) and punishable under s
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code, namely, by penetrating, with his penis, the mouth
of the Victim without her consent when she was between 11 and 12 years of age
(“the 13th charge”);

(n) sometime in 2017 he sexually assaulted by penetration the Victim who was
under 14 years of age, an offence under s 376(1)(a) and punishable under s
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code, namely, by penetrating, with his penis, the anus
of the Victim when she was between 11 and 12 years of age (“the 14th charge”);
and

(o) sometime in 2018 he attempted to sexually assault by penetration the
Victim who was under 14 years of age, an offence under s 376(1)(a) and
punishable under s 376(4)(b) read with s 511 of the Penal Code, namely, by
attempting to penetrate, with his penis, the anus of the Victim without her
consent when she was then 12 years of age (“the 15th charge”).

2 At the hearing before me, the Prosecution proceeded on the 5th, 11th and
12th charges. The accused pleaded guilty to all the proceeded charges and
admitted to the statement of facts (“SOF”) without qualification. I accepted
his unequivocal plea of guilt and, accordingly, convicted him on the 5th, 11th
and 12th charges. The accused also consented to having the remaining charges
(hereafter “the TIC charges”) being taken into consideration for the purposes
of sentencing.

3 After hearing the accused’s mitigation plea, and the Prosecution’s and
Defence’s submissions on sentence, I now give reasons for the sentences which
I shall pronounce shortly.

Relevant facts

Background to the offences

4 The Victim’s biological parents were separated when she was an infant. The
Victim’s mother then re-married the accused in 2008, when the Victim was about
two years of age. The accused and the Victim’s mother have four children
arising out of their marriage. Together with the Victim, all seven members of
the family resided in a one-room Housing and Development Board flat somewhere
in the central region of Singapore (“the flat”). The entire family usually
slept together in the living room of the flat.

5 The Victim and the accused had a good relationship prior to the offences.
She treated him as her real father and was closer to the accused than to her
own biological father. This changed abruptly when the accused started to
sexually abuse the Victim in 2012.

6 The Victim was only six years of age at the time of the first incident,
which occurred sometime in 2012, when she had just started her Primary School
education. She was sleeping on a mattress in the living room of the flat when,
at about 5 a.m., the accused woke her up and rubbed her vagina over her
clothes. The accused then told the Victim to keep silent about the incident.
This forms the subject of the 1st charge.

7 The accused did not stop after the first incident and instead his sexual
abuse of the Victim started escalating the following year. Sometime between
January and July 2013, while the Victim was asleep, the accused turned her
over and removed her pants and panties. He then removed his shorts before
penetrating the Victim’s anus with his penis. This caused the Victim to cry as
she felt a tearing pain at her anus, but the accused covered her mouth and
slapped her. He then put his finger to his lips, telling the Victim to be
quiet. This forms the subject of the 2nd charge.

8 The accused subsequently performed or attempted to perform these acts of
penile-anal penetration on five other occasions from 2014 to 2018, one time
each year. These acts form the subject of the 4th, 6th, 12th, 14th and 15th
charges.

9 The sexual abuse of the Victim also extended to acts of fellatio, beginning
sometime in 2014. On the first instance, the accused summoned the Victim to
his bedroom, closed the door and began groping the Victim’s body. She
protested and told the accused to stop, to which he retorted that her body was
his and he could touch her anywhere he wanted. The accused then stood in front
of the Victim and removed his underwear, exposing his penis to her. He then
pulled her head towards his penis, instructing her to open her mouth and told
her to “suck”. Despite the Victim’s unwillingness, the accused proceeded to
insert his penis into her mouth, held on to her head and thrusted his penis in
and out of her mouth before ejaculating in it. This forms the subject of the
3rd charge.

10 Following the acts forming the 3rd charge, the accused warned the Victim to
keep it a secret, at the same time promising that he would cease all such
acts. Despite this, the accused persisted in his abuse of the Victim,
performing these acts of penile-oral penetration on three other occasions from
2015 to 2017, one time each year. These acts form the subject of the 8th, 11th
and 13th charges.

11 The accused also raped the Victim on two occasions (forming the subject of
the 5th and 7th charges) in 2014 and 2015. He also outraged her modesty by
touching the Victim’s vagina over her clothes in 2016 (9th charge). In the
same year he again outraged her modesty by touching her buttocks skin-on-skin
(10th charge).

12 The accused did not use a condom when he raped the Victim and also when he
used his penis to penetrate the Victim’s anus. For fellatio, the accused would
ejaculate into the Victim’s mouth and on other instances, he would ejaculate
onto her stomach or her back.

13 This state of affairs continued till 17 January 2018. On that day when the
Victim was getting ready for school, the accused summoned her to the bedroom
of the flat. He made her lie on the mattress with her legs on the floor. He
removed her skirt and panties and attempted to penetrate her anus with his
penis. The Victim prevented any penetration by moving her body. The accused
gave up after a while and masturbated, eventually ejaculating on her back.

14 This was the final straw for the Victim. On her way to school, the Victim
sent her maternal aunt a text message stating: “I need your help,.. my daddy
went crazy today morning he forced me to have ‘sex’ with him…he then opened my
skirt and touched my butt”. The aunt then called the Victim, who confided in
her. The Victim was also observed by a teacher to be crying in despair and she
was brought to a school counsellor. The matter was reported to the Police on
the same day.

15 Subsequently, the Victim underwent a medical examination at the KK Women’s
and Children’s Hospital. The doctor who examined the Victim noted that there
were old hymenal tears at 3 o’clock, 9 o’clock and 12 o’clock positions.

16 The Victim also underwent a psychiatric assessment at the Child Guidance
Clinic on 26 April 2018. Dr Parvathy Pathy’s report disclosed that the Victim
was “very scared” of the accused, and she “feels angry, ashamed and
embarrassed that she has lost her virginity at a young age”.

17 In her Victim Impact Statement, the Victim said that the abuse by the
accused caused her to suffer from insecurity and a constant worry of judgment
from others for the acts that had been done to her. She also disclosed that
she still suffers flashbacks of the incidents. She is also afraid of the
accused’s reprisal and she finds it difficult to trust male individuals.

Facts pertaining to the 5th charge

18 In 2014 the accused raped the Victim for the first time. At that time she
was very young, between eight and nine years of age. She was sleeping in the
living room of the flat when the accused woke her up and told her that he
wanted to “do the front hole”. The Victim complied as she did not want to
anger him. He then proceeded to remove her pants and panties and penetrated
her vagina with his penis. This caused exceptional pain to the Victim, far
beyond the previous instances of penile-anal penetration. Yet, out of fear of
the accused, the Victim did not dare to respond by pushing him away. When she
responded to the pain by shouting softly, the accused scolded her and told her
to shut up. The accused continued penetrating the Victim’s vagina for about a
minute, while she continued crying silently.

Facts pertaining to the 11th charge

19 This was the third instance of penile-oral penetration, which occurred
sometime in the morning of December 2016, when the Victim was 11 years old.
The accused called the Victim to the bedroom and instructed her to remove her
clothes, which she reluctantly complied with. The accused then instructed her
to suck his penis, but this time, she refused to do so. Despite the refusal,
the accused proceeded to force the Victim’s head towards his penis and
penetrated it into her mouth for about 15 seconds, before ejaculating in it.

Facts pertaining to the 12th charge

20 Immediately after committing the act of fellatio that forms the 11th
charge, the accused informed the Victim that he wanted to penetrate her anus.
She resisted and made known to the accused that it would be painful for her.
However, he informed her that it would only be for a short while and
instructed the Victim to lie with her hands lifting her upper body and knees
propped on the mattress. He then used his penis to penetrate her anus and he
only stopped when his penis went flaccid.

Submissions on sentence

Prosecution’s case

21 The Prosecution submits that the applicable framework for the offence of
statutory rape as laid down by the Court of Appeal (“CA”) in Ng Kean Meng
Terence v PP [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) was transposed to the offence of
sexual assault by penetration by the CA in Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”). As the sentencing frameworks in the above
cases consider the offence-specific and offender-specific factors in arriving
at an appropriate sentence, the Prosecution also adopts the similar approach
in their submissions.

22 With regard to Stage 1 of both the Terence Ng and Pram Nair frameworks, the
Prosecution submits that the current case falls within the upper levels of
Band 2. This was on the basis of an abuse of parental trust and authority, the
victim being young and vulnerable, and there being premeditation and sexual
grooming of the child. Further, the Prosecution relies on Terence Ng (at [53])
and Pram Nair (at [160]) for the proposition that aggravated offences will
almost invariably fall within Band 2. Consequently, the indicative starting
points should, in their submissions, be 17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane for the aggravated statutory rape offence, and 15 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the aggravated sexual assault by
penetration offence.

23 At Stage 2 of both the Terence Ng and Pram Nair frameworks, the Prosecution
submits that the mitigating factor was that the accused has pleaded guilty.
However, this is somewhat negated by the number of TIC charges present in the
circumstances. The Prosecution thus urges this court to impose an aggregate
sentence of at least 28 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. The
Prosecution argues that this “appropriately reflects” the “unrelenting and
absolute” abuse that was inflicted on the Victim.

Mitigation plea

24 In the mitigation plea, the Defence Counsel urges the court to impose an
aggregate sentence of 25 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. He
accepts the Terence Ng framework.

25 The Defence Counsel agrees with the Prosecution, at least in relation to
the 5th charge which is statutory rape, that the circumstances of the case
fall on the higher end of a Band 2 sentence. In support of a lower sentence,
he submits that the accused has pleaded guilty at the earliest instance.

My decision

The law

The statutorily prescribed sentences during the period when the accused
committed the offences

26 The offence of rape of a victim under 14 years of age when the accused
committed the offences was punishable under s 375(3)(b) of the Penal Code,
which provides as follows:

(3) Whoever —

…

(b) commits an offence under subsection (1) with a woman under 14 years of age
without her consent,

shall be punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 8 years and
not more than 20 years and shall also be punished with caning with not less
than 12 strokes.

27 The offence of sexual penetration of a victim under 14 years when the
accused committed the offences was punishable under s 376(4)(b) of the Penal
Code, which provides as follows:

(4) Whoever —

…

(b) commits an offence under subsection (1) or (2) against a person who is
under 14 years of age,

shall be punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 8 years and
not more than 20 years and shall also be punished with caning with not less
than 12 strokes.

28 As mentioned at [2], the Prosecution proceeded on three charges against the
accused. The fact that each of the proceeded charges carries a term of
imprisonment invokes s 307 of the Criminal Procedure Code (“CPC”), which
states:

307.—(1) Subject to subsection (2), if at one trial a person is convicted and
sentenced to imprisonment for at least 3 distinct offences, the court before
which he is convicted must order the sentences for at least 2 of those
offences to run consecutively.

29 Consequently, in this case, the minimum statutorily prescribed punishment
is 16 years’ imprisonment. As for caning, in accordance with s 328 of the CPC,
it is limited to 24 strokes of the cane.

The applicable sentencing frameworks

(1) The Terence Ng sentencing framework

30 In Terence Ng, the CA set out a two-step sentencing framework for rape
offences, utilising sentencing bands. This framework is summarised by the CA
in Terence Ng at [73] as follows:

(a) At the first step, the court should have regard to the offence-specific
factors in deciding which band the offence in question falls under. Once the
sentencing band, which defines the range of sentences which may usually be
imposed for an offence with those features, is identified, the court has to go
on to identify precisely where within that range the present offence falls in
order to derive an ‘indicative starting point’. In exceptional cases, the
court may decide on an indicative starting point which falls outside the
prescribed range, although cogent reasons should be given for such a decision.

(b) The sentencing bands prescribe ranges of sentences which would be
appropriate for contested cases and are as follows:

(i) Band 1 comprises cases at the lower end of the spectrum of seriousness
which attract sentences of 10–13 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the
cane. Such cases feature no offence-specific aggravating factors or are cases
where these factors are only present to a very limited extent and therefore
have a limited impact on sentence.

(ii) Band 2 comprises cases of rape of a higher level of seriousness which
attract sentences of 13–17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.
Such cases would usually contain two or more offence-specific aggravating
factors (such as those listed at [44] above).

(iii) Band 3 comprises cases which, by reason of the number and intensity of
the aggravating factors, present themselves as extremely serious cases of
rape. They should attract sentences of between 17–20 years’ imprisonment and
18 strokes of the cane.

(c) At the second step, the court should have regard to the aggravating and
mitigating factors which are personal to the offender to calibrate the
sentence. These are factors which relate to the offender’s particular personal
circumstances and, by definition, cannot be the same factors which have
already been taken into account in determining the categorisation of the
offence. One of the factors which the court should consider at this stage is
the value of a plea of guilt (if any). The mitigating value of a plea of guilt
should be assessed in terms of (i) the extent to which it is a signal of
remorse; (ii) the savings in judicial resources; and (iii) the extent to which
it spared the victim the ordeal of testifying. Thus under our proposed
framework, while for the first step an uncontested case will proceed in the
same way as a contested case, it is at the second step that the appropriate
discount will be accorded by the court for the plea of guilt by the offender.

(d) The court should clearly articulate the factors it has taken into
consideration as well as the weight which it is placing on them. This applies
both at the second step of the analysis, when the court is calibrating the
sentence from the indicative starting point and at the end of the sentencing
process, when the court adjusts the sentence on account of the totality
principle. In this regard, we would add one further caveat. In a case where
the offender faces two or more charges, and the court is required to order one
or more sentences to run consecutively, the court can, if it thinks it
necessary, further calibrate the individual sentence to ensure that the global
sentence is appropriate and not excessive. When it does so, the court should
explain itself so that the individual sentence imposed will not be
misunderstood.

[emphasis in original]

(2) The Pram Nair sentencing framework

31 The Terence Ng framework was subsequently transposed to the offence of
sexual assault by penetration by the CA in Pram Nair. This is set out in Pram
Nair at [158]–[159] as follows:

158 Having said that, we do recognise the logic of the PP’s suggestion that
the Terence Ng framework should be transposed to the offence of digital
penetration. Many of the offence-specific aggravating factors listed in
Terence Ng (such as premeditation, abuse of a position of trust, special
infliction of trauma) may also be present and pertinent in offences involving
digital penetration.

159 It follows that there should also be three sentencing bands for the
offence of sexual penetration of the vagina using a finger, though the range
of starting sentence for each band should be lower to reflect the lesser
gravity of the offence. The sentencing bands should be as follows:

(a) Band 1: seven to ten years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane;

(b) Band 2: ten to 15 years’ imprisonment and eightstrokes (sic) of the cane;

(c) Band 3: 15 to 20 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

…

32 I further note that the Pram Nair framework is applicable to all forms of
sexual assault by penetration under s 376 of the Penal Code. This position was
clarified by the CA in BPH v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR
764 (“BPH”) at [55], and is consistent with other decisions before the High
Court (see Public Prosecutor v BMF [2019] SGHC 227 at [27]; Public Prosecutor
v Tan Meng Soon Bernard [2019] 3 SLR 1146 at [23]; Public Prosecutor v BVZ
[2019] SGHC 83 at [52]; Public Prosecutor v Ridhaudin Ridhwan bin Bakri and
others [2019] SGHC 191 at [74]). This is the preferred approach as (i) it
obviates the complexity that arises from making distinctions between the
myriad permutations of sexual assault by penetration; (ii) the text of s 376
of the Penal Code does not indicate a ranking in terms of severity between the
types of sexual assault; and (iii) the lack of unanimity of views as to
whether one form of sexual penetration is more serious or detestable in
comparison to others (BPH at [58]–[60]). The Pram Nair framework thus also
applies to situations where an accused’s penis penetrates the victim’s anus or
mouth, an offence under s 376(1)(a) of the Penal Code.

The offence-specific and offender-specific approach

33 I agree that the offence-specific and offender-specific factors apply
equally to the offences of aggravated statutory rape and aggravated sexual
assault by penetration. Therefore, notwithstanding the different ranges in the
sentencing bands of the Terence Ng and Pram Nair frameworks, I shall proceed
to analyse the factors collectively.

Stage 1

34 The first stage of analyses requires me to identify the offence-specific
aggravating factors in this case. The number and intensity of these
aggravating factors then allow me to determine which of the three sentencing
bands the instant case falls under and the indicative starting sentence (Pram
Nair at [119]; Terence Ng at [39(a)]).

The offence-specific factors

(1) The Victim’s vulnerability

35 The Victim in this case was especially vulnerable due to her age. The
accused had started sexually abusing her when she was only six years old. He
started sexually penetrating her when she was between seven and eight years
old and he first raped her when she was between eight and nine years old.

36 This vulnerability is underscored by the fact that, given her young age,
the Victim had initially failed to understand the depravity of the abuse
against her. This unawareness was exacerbated as her parents had opted her out
of sex education classes in school. She, thus, did not know the difference
between a “good touch” and a “bad touch”. It was only after speaking to her
classmates, who had attended sex education classes, did she understand the
nature and consequences of the abuse against her.

(2) Statutory aggravating factor

37 When the accused committed the offences, the Victim was, at all times, less
than 14 years of age. This transforms the acts into aggravated offences, with
legislatively-prescribed minimum punishments. Specifically, for both
aggravated statutory rape and aggravated sexual assault by penetration, the
relevant statutorily prescribed punishment is for an imprisonment term of
eight to 20 years and not less than 12 strokes of the cane, as per ss 375(3)
and 376(4) of the Penal Code respectively.

38 This statutory aggravating factor is of particular importance in
determining the appropriate sentencing band. In Terence Ng, not only did the
CA identify “forcible rape of a victim below 14” as an offence-specific
aggravating factor, it helpfully stated at [53], in relation to Band 2:

53 … Cases which contain any of the statutory aggravating factors and
prosecuted under s 375(3) of the Penal Code will almost invariably fall within
this band. …

39 A similar position was taken by the CA in Pram Nair. Although Pram Nair
dealt with a case of sexual assault by penetration punishable under s 376(3)
of the Penal Code, in articulating the application of the framework to
offences punishable under s 376(4) of the Penal Code, the CA stated at [160]:

160 In formulating these bands, we have been conscious that where the offence
of sexual assault by penetration discloses any of the two statutory
aggravating factors in s 376(4) of the Penal Code – ie, where there is use of
actual or threatened violence (s 376(4)(a)) or where the offence is committed
against a person under 14 years of age (s 376(4)(b)) – there is a prescribed
minimum sentence of eight years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.
These cases should fall within Band 2 (or even Band 3 if there are additional
aggravating factors). We said the same in Terence Ng … in relation to the
identical statutory aggravating factors for rape (under s 375(3) of the Penal
Code): we considered these statutory aggravating factors to be part of the
list of offence-specific aggravating factors to consider in determining which
sentencing band a particular offence falls under (at [44(d)] and [44(f)]) and
that where any of the statutory aggravating factors are present, the case
would almost invariably fall within Band 2 (Terence Ng at [53]).

40 It is, thus, apparent that the default position when dealing with
aggravated sexual offences is to start at Band 2 of the Terence Ng and Pram
Nair frameworks.

41 At this juncture, I pause to note that this default position aligns with
Band 2 of the Terence Ng framework that specifies a punishment of 12 strokes
of the cane, in addition to a range of years’ imprisonment. In contrast, Band
2 of the Pram Nair framework specifies a punishment of eight strokes of the
cane, in addition to a range of years’ imprisonment. This places the number of
strokes of the cane in this band below the legislatively-prescribed minimum
punishment of 12 strokes of the cane. Further, a punishment of 12 strokes of
the cane would appear to fall within Band 3 of the Pram Nair framework.

42 Nevertheless, I am of the view that the default position for aggravated
sexual assault should still remain at Band 2 of the Pram Nair framework. In my
view, this band still accurately reflects the indicative starting point for
such offences. However, as the Pram Nair framework was formulated generally
for all offences under s 376 of the Penal Code, the number of strokes of the
cane within Band 2 will necessarily have to be modified to 12 strokes of the
cane when dealing with cases of aggravated sexual assault by penetration.

43 The reason why the sentencing bands in the Pram Nair framework have been
calibrated downwards from the Terence Ng framework is to reflect the lesser
gravity of sexual assault by penetration, as compared to rape (Pram Nair at
[149]–[157] and [159]). In particular, one of the reasons provided by the CA
at [156] was as follows:

156 … Short of similar Parliamentary intention in our context, we would be
slow to upset a fairly well-established line of authority in our jurisprudence
which establishes that rape is the gravest of all sexual offences and should
generally attract a higher starting sentence.

44 However, in contradistinction to the general offences under ss 375 and 376
of the Penal Code, Parliament has clearly provided a similar mandatory
statutorily prescribed minimum punishment for the aggravated form of both
types of offences. It would thus be correct to equate the number of strokes of
the cane in Band 2 of both the Terence Ng and Pram Nair frameworks. The
presence of similar minimum statutorily prescribed punishments for the
aggravated form of rape as well as sexual assault by penetration play the role
of setting an absolute threshold beyond which the sentence imposed should not
fall (Terence Ng at [49]). This does not undermine the fact that the offence
of rape represents the “gravest of all sexual offences” (Pram Nair at [156]).
The modification for the number of strokes of the cane merely serves to bring
the framework in line with s 376(4) of the Penal Code.

(3) Abuse of position of trust

45 The accused had clearly abused his position of trust with respect to the
Victim. As the CA observed in Terence Ng at [44(b)], in such situations “there
is a dual wrong: not only has he committed a serious crime, he has also
violated the trust placed in him by society and by the victim”. The accused
became the Victim’s step-father when she was extremely young and thus he was
the father figure in her life. Yet, he violated this trust she had reposed in
him, exerting an inordinate amount of pressure on her to keep silent and
allowing him to continually satisfy his depraved desires. He had even gone as
far as to obtain her silence by his deceptive false promise to stop his
actions, only to turn around and break that very same promise.

(4) Long period of abuse

46 The accused’s abuse of the Victim had occurred over an extended duration of
time. At least six years had passed from the time when he first molested her
to when she finally reported his actions to the police. This included a period
of time when she came to understand the wrongfulness of his abuse that was
being carried out against her. However, even then, the Victim continued to
comply, both out of fear of the accused and that her family would not believe
her even if she revealed the incidents to them.

(5) Lack of consent

47 In situations where the victim is under 14 years of age, the policy of the
law is that she is taken to be unable to consent to sexual activity, as
observed by the CA in Terence Ng. In this case, however, not only had the
Victim not consented, she had actively refused assent as she found the sexual
activity to be painful and uncomfortable. Despite this, the accused ensured
the Victim’s compliance by scolding or slapping her on the occasions that she
resisted. The Victim thus submitted to the accused’s penetrative acts as she
was fearful of him.

(6) Premeditation

48 The accused’s depraved sexual abuse of the Victim clearly was not one-off.
He committed the offences with premeditation so that those acts were done
without alerting his wife and others, and he also threatened the Victim to
keep silent. This is why these offences continued for about six years.

(7) Need for general deterrence

49 A highly relevant offence-specific consideration here is the principle of
general deterrence. The Prosecution relied on The Straits Times’ article
entitled “More Allegations of Children Sexually Abused by Family” dated 3
April 2017 to illustrate the point that there has been a spike in such cases.
Further, the Prosecution argues that there is a strong public interest in
sending a clear deterrent message to prevent such heinous acts.

50 I agree with the Prosecution on the need for general deterrence. Reference
can be made to the recent case of Public Prosecutor v BMR [2019] 3 SLR 270
(“BMR”), where the facts of that case are similar to the facts here. In BMR,
the victim was abused by her step-father for a period of four years. It
started when the victim in that case was eight years old. The sexual abuse
started with the stroking and patting of the victim’s breasts underneath her
bra, and touching her vagina under her panties. This escalated with him
penetrating her vagina digitally, forced fellatio and several counts of rape.
He had also taken steps to isolate her and emotionally blackmailed her by
threatening to divorce the victim’s mother if the victim did not comply. BMR
pleaded guilty to three charges of aggravated statutory rape. Consequently,
Woo Bih Li J sentenced him to 14 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the
cane for each charge, with an aggregate sentence of 28 years’ imprisonment and
24 strokes of the cane.

The indicative starting points

51 Based on the various aggravating factors above, the current case falls
squarely under Band 2 of both the Terence Ng and Pram Nair frameworks. Thus,
this attracts a sentence of 13 to 17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the
cane for the rape charge, and 10 to 15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of
the cane for each of the sexual assault by penetration charges.

52 Other instances of familial sexual abuse of children include Public
Prosecutor v BNN [2014] SGHC 7 (“BNN”). In that case, the victim’s step-father
had begun sexually abusing her when she was 11 years old and routinely
physically abused the victim and her sister. There were also multiple charges
of rape, where on the first instance, the accused had pulled the victim out of
the toilet where she had been showering, licked her vagina, groped her breasts
before raping her without a condom, eventually ejaculating in her. The
offender was sentenced to 17 years’ imprisonment and 17 strokes of the cane
and 15 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane for the two rape charges
to which he had pleaded guilty, with an aggregate of 32 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane.

53 In Public Prosecutor v AHB [2010] SGHC 138 (“AHB”), the offender outraged
the modesty of his biological daughter and raped her when she was 14 years of
age. The victim became pregnant as a result, and gave birth to a daughter who
she had to give up for adoption. To make matters worse, when the offender was
informed by the victim of her pregnancy, he instructed her to lie if
questioned and forced her to fellate him. The offender was sentenced to 18
years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane for each of the three charges
of rape and 10 years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane for one charge
of aggravated sexual assault by penetration to which he had pleaded guilty,
with the aggregate sentence being 36 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the
cane.

54 The Prosecution referred me to an additional case of Public Prosecutor v
BOF (unreported) in their submissions. In that case, the accused sexually
abused his daughter for a period of nine years, beginning when she was five to
six years of age. The abuse was also progressive, starting with touching of
her vagina, before progressing to penetrative acts. The accused pleaded guilty
to two charges of statutory rape and one charge of aggravated sexual assault
by penetration. Consequently, Audrey Lim JC (as she then was) sentenced him to
15 years’ imprisonment for each of the statutory rape charges and 13 years’
imprisonment for the remaining charge, with an aggregate sentence of 29 years’
imprisonment (including 12 month’s imprisonment in lieu of 24 strokes of the
cane).

Stage 2

55 I next turn to consider the offender-specific aggravating and mitigating
factors to consider if there should be any adjustment to the indicative
sentence (Pram Nair at [119]; Terence Ng at [73]).

Plea of guilt

56 As observed above in [23] and [25], the Prosecution and the Defence Counsel
both raised the fact that the accused had pleaded guilty as a mitigating
factor. I agree that the plea of guilt goes some way towards reducing the
sentence. As the CA stated in Chang Kar Meng v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR
68 at [47]:

47 At the same time, in the context of sexual offences, we think that there
will often be a further benefit from a plea of guilt – namely, the victim will
thereby be spared the trauma of having to relive the experience in court and
being cross-examined on it. We therefore hold that offenders who plead guilty
to sexual offences, even in cases where the evidence against them is
compelling, ought ordinarily to be given at least some credit for having
spared the victim additional suffering in this regard. [emphasis in original]

TIC charges

57 However, I considered the TIC charges in this case to be an aggravating
factor. To recapitulate, the TIC charges against the accused were three
charges of outrage of modesty, one charge of aggravated statutory rape, six
charges of aggravated sexual assault by penetration, and two charges of
attempted aggravated sexual assault by penetration. Not only were there a high
number of TIC charges, many were as serious as the proceeded charges. The
aggravating effect of these TIC charges has to be weighed against the
mitigating effect arising from the accused’s plea of guilt.

Presence of antecedents

58 The accused also has a long list of antecedents. His first brush with the
law was when he was 16 years old, for the offence of theft, for which he was
sentenced to a year of probation. However, he breached the probation order
less than eight months later by committing theft again. This time, he served a
week’s imprisonment in default of the fine imposed. Less than four years
later, he committed robbery with hurt and was sentenced to five years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

59 Following this period of incarceration, the accused was again convicted of
multiple offences comprising: (i) one count of theft; (ii) one count of
criminal breach of trust by a servant; (iii) one count of fraudulent
possession of property; (iv) one count of resistance to lawful apprehension;
and (v) one count of theft in dwelling. The aggregate imprisonment sentence
imposed for these offences was four years and seven months’ imprisonment.

60 The total aggregate court sentences are close to 10 years’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane. In addition to the court sentences, in 1996, when the
accused was 18 years old, he was incarcerated at the drug rehabilitation
centre for about 13 months.

61 I note that the antecedents are not related to the type of offences that
have been committed against the Victim here. However, this extended period of
offending manifests a progressive proclivity towards criminal activity and a
cavalier disregard for the law, making it relevant for consideration (see Tan
Kay Beng v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10 at [16]).

Conclusion

62 It truly boggles the mind to think of how such dastardly and reprehensible
acts could have been performed against an innocent young child, particularly
in her formative years. The accused had completely destroyed the Victim’s life
at a tender age. Instead of caring for and protecting his step-daughter, he
exploited and leveraged this relationship, inflicting tremendous trauma upon
her which will require a very long time to heal, if that is ever possible. For
his actions, he deserves the most severe disapprobation that can be meted out
according to the rule of law.

63 Having considered the various factors above, including the accused’s
mitigation plea, I am of the view that a sentence of 15 years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane is appropriate for the 5th charge, and a sentence
of 13 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane is appropriate for each
of the 11th and 12th charges.

64 I further order that the sentences for the 5th charge and 11th charge are
to run consecutively, with an aggregate of 28 years’ imprisonment with effect
from the date of the accused’s remand, ie 19 January 2018. In accordance with
s 328 of the CPC, the caning will be limited to 24 strokes. I am satisfied
that the aggregate sentence is proportionate and in line with the totality
principle as found in Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2
SLR 998.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Chee Ee Ling and Ng Yiwen (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Lim Ghim Siew Henry (G S Lim & Partners) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

