Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 02

Suit No 1027 of 2018 (Summons Nos 3977 and 4299 of 2019)

Between

| Chain Land Elevator Corp  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| FB Industries Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Lee Buck Huang  
(3)| Tan Boo Kong  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgment and orders] — [Enforcement] — [Whether writ of
seizure and sale exigible on interest in joint tenancy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chain Land Elevator Corp

  

v

  

FB Industries Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC 02

High Court — Suit No 1027 of 2018 (Summons Nos 3977 and 4299 of 2019)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
25 October 2019; 21 November 2019

7 January 2020

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 Chain Land Elevator Corp (“the Respondent”) obtained judgment in its favour
in Suit No 1027 of 2018 (“Suit 1027”). It sought to enforce that judgment
against the second defendant in that suit, Lee Buck Huang (“the Applicant”).
On 1 July 2019 the Respondent obtained an ex parte writ of seizure and sale
order (“the Order”) in respect of two properties held by the Applicant and his
wife as joint tenants, these being at 72 Tanah Merah Kechil Road (“the
Property”) and 82 Tanah Merah Kechil Avenue #09-12 (“the Flat”).

2 The Applicant took out Summons No 4299 of 2019 (“SUM 4299”) and Summons No
3977 of 2019 (“SUM 3977”) to resist the Order. In SUM 4299, the Applicant
sought to set aside the Order. In SUM 3977, the Applicant sought to stay the
execution of the Order pending the decision of SUM 4299. As SUM 4299 and SUM
3977 were heard together, the utility of SUM 3977 was lost and by consent the
Applicant withdrew SUM 3977.

3 The central issue in SUM 4299 was whether the Property and the Flat, both
held by the Applicant and his wife as joint tenants, were exigible to a writ
of seizure and sale (“WSS”) issued under O 47 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). After hearing parties’ arguments, I allowed
the Order to remain and dismissed SUM 4299.

4 The Applicant applied for leave to appeal as he was dissatisfied with my
decision. The Respondent consented to the application and I agreed, as the
case law regarding the present controversy on whether joint tenancies are
exigible to WSSes, which I shall explain below, is in a state of flux. This
requires the Court of Appeal to provide guidance and clarity to the legal
position on this issue. In the meantime, I shall now provide my grounds of
decision.

Background facts

5 The first defendant in Suit 1027, FB Industries Pte Ltd (“FB Industries”)
was a long-time customer of the Respondent, which is a Belize-incorporated
company that supplies elevator parts. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ku Pu-Tien’s 3rd affidavit (“KPT-3”) at para 5.

6 On 28 April 2017, the Respondent sued FB Industries for payment on certain
invoices. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

KPT-3 at para 6.

It obtained default judgment, but did not enforce that judgment because there
was a settlement agreement made on 28 June 2017 between the Respondent, FB
Industries, the Applicant and Tan Boo Kong (“Tan”, the third defendant) under
which FB Industries was to pay the Respondent $3,226,653.23. The Applicant and
Tan were guarantors under the settlement agreement. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

KPT-3 at para 7.

7 FB Industries defaulted on payment and the Respondent commenced Suit 1027
against FB Industries, the Applicant and Tan (collectively, “the Defendants”)
to recover the outstanding sum. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

KPT-3 at para 8.

The Respondent obtained summary judgment (uncontested) on 1 February 2019 for
the sum of $2,665,440.50, plus interest and costs. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

KPT-3 at para 10.

After recovering $63,871.26 via garnishee proceedings, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

KPT-3 at para 11.

about $2.7m remained unsatisfied. Consequently, the Respondent obtained the
Order against the Property and the Flat, which the Applicant and his wife, Yeo
Chui Huang (“YCH”), owned as joint tenants. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicant’s 2nd affidavit (“LBH-2”) at para 4 and p 17.

The Order stated: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

HC/ORC 4334/2019.

It is ordered that:

1\. The interest of [the Applicant] in the immovable properties specified in
the Schedule annexed hereto be attached and taken into execution to satisfy
the judgment dated 1 February 2019.

8 On 16 July 2019 the Order was lodged against the Property and the Flat. On
24 July 2019 the Order was served on the Defendants. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

KPT-3 at paras 13, 15.

On 6 August 2019 the Applicant filed SUM 3977 to stay the execution of the
Order. On 28 August 2019 the Applicant filed SUM 4299 to set aside the Order.

Preliminary issue: Prayer 2 of SUM 4299

9 Prayer 2 of SUM 4299 was for a declaration that the beneficial owners of the
Property were the Applicant, YCH, and his two sisters (Lee Soo Cheng (“LSC”)
and Lee Mui Kiang (“LMK”)).

10 The Respondent argued in its written submissions that the Applicant was not
the proper applicant to apply for a declaratory order regarding beneficial
ownership. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions (“PS”) at para 12; Ku Pu-Tien’s 4th affidavit
(“KPT-4”) at para 12.

Instead, the other alleged beneficial owners should apply to intervene and
have their respective shares determined at a full hearing.

11 At the hearing, the Applicant applied to withdraw prayer 2 of SUM 4299.
This was granted.

The key issue

12 The key issue before me was whether a joint tenant’s interest in land or
immovable property (I shall use the two terms interchangeably) was exigible to
a writ of seizure and sale under O 47 r 4(1) of the ROC. The next issue was
whether the registration of a WSS severed a joint tenancy.

13 In this judgment I shall set out the applicable statutory provisions;
provide a capsule summary of the parties’ arguments; review the relevant
Singapore authorities; and address the parties’ arguments in detail alongside
the relevant authorities.

The relevant statutory provisions on writs of seizure and sale

Rules of Court

14 Order 47 r 4 and r 5 of the ROC deal with the seizure and sale of interests
in immovable property in Singapore:

Immovable property (O. 47, r. 4)

4.—(1) Where the property to be seized consists of immovable property or any
interest therein, the following provisions shall apply:

(a) seizure shall be effected by registering under any written law relating to
the immovable property an order of Court in Form 96 (which for the purpose of
this Rule and Rule 5 shall be called the order) attaching the interest of the
judgment debtor in the immovable property described therein and, upon
registration, such interest shall be deemed to be seized by the Sheriff;

…

(e) after registering the order, the judgment creditor must —

(i) file a writ of seizure and sale in Form 83;

(ii) file an undertaking, declaration and indemnity in Form 87; and

(iii) upon compliance with sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii), the Sheriff must serve
a copy of the writ of seizure and sale together with the order and the notice
of seizure in Form 97 on the judgment debtor forthwith and, if the judgment
debtor cannot be found, must affix a copy thereof to some conspicuous part of
the immovable property seized;

(f) subject to sub-paragraph (g), any order made under this Rule shall, unless
registered under any written law relating to such immovable property, remain
in force for 6 months from the date thereof;

(g) upon the application of any judgment creditor on whose application an
order has been made, the Court, if it thinks just, may from time to time by
order extend the period of 6 months referred to in sub-paragraph (f) for any
period not exceeding 6 months, and the provisions of sub-paragraphs (d) and
(e) shall apply to such order; and

(h) the Court may at any time, on sufficient cause being shown, order that
property seized under this Rule shall be released.

…

Sale of immovable property (O. 47, r. 5)

5. Sale of immovable property, or any interest therein, shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(a) there shall be no sale until the expiration of 30 days from the date of
registration of the order under Rule 4(1)(a);

(b) the particulars and conditions of sale shall be settled by the Sheriff or
his solicitor;

(c) the judgment debtor may apply by summons to the Court for postponement of
the sale in order that he may raise the amount leviable under the order by
mortgage or lease, or sale of a portion only, of the immovable property
seized, or by sale of any other property of the judgment debtor, or otherwise,
and the Court, if satisfied that there is reasonable ground to believe that
the said amount may be raised in any such manner, may postpone the sale for
such period and on such terms as are just;

(d) the judgment creditor may apply to the Court for the appointment of a
receiver of the rents and profits, or a receiver and a manager of the
immovable property, in lieu of sale thereof, and on such application, the
Court may appoint such receiver or receiver and manager, and give all
necessary directions in respect of such rents and profits or immovable
property;

(e) where the interest of the judgment debtor in any immovable property,
seized and sold under the order, includes a right to the immediate possession
thereof, the Sheriff shall put the purchaser in possession;

(f) pending the execution or endorsement of any deed or document which is
ordinarily lawfully required to give effect to any sale by the Sheriff, the
Court may by order appoint the Sheriff to receive any rents and profits due to
the purchaser in respect of the property sold; and

(g) the Sheriff may at any time apply to the Court for directions with respect
to the immovable property or any interest therein seized under the order and
may, or, if the Court so directs, must give notice of the application to the
judgment creditor, the judgment debtor and any other party interested in the
property.

15 The process of execution of the WSS was succinctly summarised by Pang Khang
Chau JC (as he then was) at [58] of Peter Low LLC v Higgins, Danial Patrick
[2018] 4 SLR 1003 (“Higgins”):

58 After judgment is obtained, the process of execution against the judgment
debtor’s immovable property would proceed in the following chronological
order:

(a) An application is made pursuant to O 47 r 4(1)(b) for an order attaching
the interest of the judgment debtor in the immovable property.

(b) If the application is in order, the court will grant the order sought. The
order, which is to be in Form 96 in Appendix A of the ROC, will state that the
interest of the judgment debtor in the immovable property is to be “attached
and taken in execution to satisfy the judgment”.

(c) The order is then registered under the LTA (O 47 r 4(1)(a) of the ROC; s
132 of the LTA). Upon such registration, the interest of the judgment debtor
“shall be deemed to be seized by the Sheriff” (O 47 r 4(1)(a)). Thereafter,
any dealings by the judgment debtor in the land shall not be registered until
the registration of the said order is cancelled (s 133 of the LTA).

(d) The judgment creditor will then file a document in Form 83 entitled “Writ
of Seizure and Sale in Respect of Immovable Property” (O 47 r 4(1)(e)(i)).
This writ directs the Sheriff to serve the writ together with the order
referred to above on the judgment debtor. The writ also directs the Sheriff to
sell the interest of the judgment debtor, if necessary, in order to satisfy
the judgment debt.

(e) Thereupon, the sheriff will serve the writ and order together with a
notice of seizure in Form 97 on the judgment debtor (O 47 r 4(1)(e)(iii)). The
notice of seizure informs the judgment debtor that his interest in the
immovable property had been seized.

(f) If the judgment debt has been satisfied, the judgment creditor may apply
to withdraw the writ. This would result in the cancellation of the
registration referred to at [(c)] above (s 136 of the LTA). Otherwise, the
sheriff will proceed to sell the judgment debtor’s interest in the immovable
property (O 47 r 5 of the ROC; s 135 of the LTA).

Land Titles Act

16 Also relevant is s 135 of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“LTA”) which specifies the interest that may be sold in execution under a
writ:

Land sold in pursuance of writs

135.—(1) The interest in registered land which may be sold in execution under
a writ shall be the interest which belongs to the judgment debtor at the date
of the registration of the writ.

17 “Interest” and “writ” are defined in ss 4 and 131 respectively:

Interpretation

4.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“interest”, in relation to land, means any interest in land recognised as such
by law, and includes an estate in land;

Interpretation of this Part

131. In this Part, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“writ” means a writ of execution issued out of any court having jurisdiction
to levy execution against land, and, where the context admits, includes
renewal of a writ and a second or subsequent writ on the same judgment.

Supreme Court of Judicature Act

18 Finally, s 13 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”) provides:

Writs of execution

13. A judgment of the High Court for the payment of money to any person or into court may be enforced by a writ, to be called a writ of seizure and sale, under which all the property, movable or immovable, of whatever description, of a judgment debtor may be seized, except — 

(a) the wearing apparel and bedding of the judgment debtor or his family, and
the tools and implements of his trade, when the value of such apparel,
bedding, tools and implements does not exceed $1,000;

(b) tools of artisans, and, where the judgment debtor is an agriculturist, his
implements of husbandry and such animals and seed-grain or produce as may in
the opinion of the court be necessary to enable him to earn his livelihood as
such;

(c) the wages or salary of the judgment debtor;

(d) any pension, gratuity or allowance granted by the Government; and

(e) the share of the judgment debtor in a partnership, as to which the
judgment creditor is entitled to proceed to obtain a charge under any
provision of any written law relating to partnership.

Summary of the parties’ arguments

The Applicant’s submissions

19 The Applicant essentially argued as follows:

(a) A WSS could only be issued against a distinct and identifiable interest of
the judgment debtor. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s Submissions (“2DS”) at para 14(2).

A joint tenant does not own a specific or distinct share of the jointly owned
property (until the point of severance of the joint tenancy into a tenancy in
common). Although joint tenants have rights inter se, against the world they
are seen as one owner. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2DS at paras 14(1), 15.

Even though a joint tenant has a right to sever with the concurrence of the
other joint tenants (ie, a right to a potential aliquot share for the purposes
of severance), that right is not in and of itself a sufficient interest as it
is not distinct and identifiable. Therefore, unless and until severance is
effected, the joint tenant’s interest remains indistinguishable from the
interest of the other co-owners. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2DS at para 42.

(b) The registration of a WSS over land that is held under a joint tenancy
does not sever the joint tenancy 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2DS at paras 14(3), 26-36.

for the following reasons:

(i) Higgins wrongly interpreted the decision of the Court of Appeal of Ontario
in Power v Grace [1932] OR 357 (“Power v Grace (CA)”) to stand for the
proposition that the time of severance of the joint tenancy was to be
determined by reference to what constituted execution by the sheriff under the
relevant statutory framework. Power v Grace (CA) only decided that the
delivery of a writ to a sheriff did not affect the title or interest of the
joint tenant in such a way as to sever the joint tenancy. The court did not
need to opine on when severance was effected under the statutory framework. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2DS at paras 30–34.

(ii) The better view was that severance had to entail an “effect wrought upon
the title or interest of the joint tenant”. In support, the Applicant cited Ho
Wai Kwan & anor v Chan Hon Kuen & anor [2015] 2 HKC 99 (“Ho Wai Kwan”), which
held that an act of severance must have a final or irrevocable character to
preclude the joint tenant from claiming by survivorship any interest in the
subject matter of the joint tenancy.

(iii) The registration of a WSS did not sever a joint tenancy because it did
not have the effect required by Ho Wai Kwan. In United Overseas Bank Ltd v
Chia Kin Tuck [2006] 3 SLR(R) 322 (“Chia Kin Tuck”) the court held that the
registration of a WSS did not vest in the judgment creditor any interest in
the land, since the interest remained with the judgment debtor. The effect of
registration was only to prevent the judgment debtor from dealing with the
land to the prejudice of the judgment creditor. The four unities, which were
the “hallmark” of a joint tenancy, had not been broken. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

2DS at paras 28, 34–35.

The four unities are unity of possession, title, time and interest.

(c) Any attempt to seize the interest of the debtor joint tenant would
necessarily involve the seizure of the interest(s) of the innocent non-debtor
joint tenant(s). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2DS at para 17(2).

But O 47 r 4(1)(a) of the ROC requires that only the interest of the judgment
debtor be seized under a WSS. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2DS at paras 18–19.

Accordingly, any order which purports to seize more than the interest of the
judgment debtor would be in excess of the court’s power under s 13 of the
SCJA. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2DS at para 23.

(d) The view that a joint tenant’s interest in immovable property is not
exigible to a WSS is supported by how a garnishee order cannot be made in
respect of a joint bank account, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2DS at paras 20-22.

as held in One Investment and Consultancy Ltd and another v Cham Poh Meng (DBS
Bank Ltd, garnishee) [2016] 5 SLR 923 (“One Investment”).

(e) The Commonwealth authorities holding that a joint tenant’s interest is
exigible to a WSS should not be followed as they were not well-reasoned. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

2DS at paras 45-47.

The Singapore cases that decided a joint tenant’s interest in land was
exigible to a WSS were not based on sound legal principles and reasoned
analysis.

The Respondent’s submissions

20 The Respondent’s arguments were essentially these:

(a) A joint tenant has a real proprietary interest in the property, this being
an aliquot share in the property. It follows that what would be seized by the
WSS is only the interest of the judgment debtor and not that of the non-debtor
joint tenant. It also follows that a WSS can attach to a joint tenant’s
interest in land independently of severance.

(b) A joint bank account is distinguishable from a joint tenant’s interest in
land. Hence, although a garnishee order could not be effected on a joint bank
account, a WSS could be effected on a joint tenancy. Therefore, One Investment
which dealt with a joint bank account did not apply to this case.

(c) The Commonwealth and Singapore authorities on this point are sufficiently
reasoned and analysed. For decades, the Commonwealth cases had consistently
held that the interest of the joint tenant was exigible to the WSS and
Singapore should follow suit.

(d) In any case, severance was effected upon the execution of a WSS.
Regardless of which interpretation of Power v Grace (CA) was preferred, the
bottom line was that the execution of a WSS had a real effect on the title and
interest of the joint tenant. Moreover, the “fine mess” referred to in Malayan
Banking Bhd v Focal Finance Ltd [1998] 3 SLR(R) 1008 (“Malayan Banking”) could
be overcome by the doctrine of temporary severance.

The Singapore authorities

21 The Singapore authorities go both ways and the parties unsurprisingly
emphasised the cases that supported their respective positions.

22 The two cases that took the approach that a joint tenant’s interest in land
was not exigible to a WSS were the decisions of Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then
was) in Malayan Banking; and Chua Lee Ming J in Chan Lung Kien v Chan Shwe
Ching [2018] 4 SLR 208 (“Chan Lung Kien”).

23 The three cases that took the contrary approach were the decisions of
Edmund Leow JC in Chan Shwe Ching v Leong Lai Yee [2015] 5 SLR 295 (“Leong Lai
Yee”); Pang JC in Higgins; and Chan Seng Onn J in Ong Boon Hwee v Cheah Ng Soo
and another [2019] 4 SLR 1392 (“Ong Boon Hwee”).

24 I shall summarise the five cases in chronological sequence.

Malayan Banking

25 Both sides submitted that Malayan Banking is the first reported local case
dealing with the issue of whether a joint tenant’s interest in land is
exigible to a WSS. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Further Submissions (“PFS”) at para 11; Defendant’s Further
Submissions (“2DFS”) at para 2.

Tang Hang Wu & Kelvin FK Low, Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law
(LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2019) (“Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law”)
at para 9.48 states, without citing authority, that “[u]ntil [Malayan
Banking], it was accepted that the interest of a joint tenant can be subject
to a writ of seizure and sale”.

26 Malayan Banking, an appeal to the High Court from the District Court,
involved a property in the joint names of a husband and wife that was
mortgaged to a bank. The appellant was a creditor of both spouses. The
respondent was a creditor of only the husband. First the respondent and then
the appellant, a month apart from each other, registered WSSes (against the
interests of the husband and both spouses respectively). The couple defaulted
on their obligations and the mortgagee bank exercised its power of sale. The
court was called upon to decide on the priorities in distribution of the sale
proceeds between the appellant and the respondent.

27 Tay JC held that the appellant was entitled to the entire sum of the
surplus of sale proceeds, because the WSS taken out by the respondent against
only the interest of one joint tenant was invalid and had to be set aside (at
[24]). In coming to the view that a joint tenant’s interest in land was not
exigible to a WSS, Tay JC reasoned as follows:

(a) The “interest of the judgment debtor” was attachable under a WSS issued in
accordance with O 47 r 4(1)(a), and this interest had to be a distinct and
identifiable one. Similarly, “the interest which belongs to the judgment
debtor” which may be sold in execution (s 135(1) of the LTA) had to be
distinct and identifiable and could not be a joint interest held with someone
not subject to the judgment and the execution: at [15].

(b) A joint tenant had no distinct and identifiable share in land for as long
as the joint tenancy subsisted: at [15]. This was because (at [14], citing
Assoc Prof Tan Sook Yee in Principles of Singapore Land Law (1994 Ed) at pp
87–88):

Joint tenancy is that form of co-ownership where each of the co-owners owns
the whole interest. There are no shares. As between the joint tenants
themselves, they have rights; however, as against the world, they are viewed
as one.

Therefore, to seize one joint tenant’s interest was to seize also the interest
of his co-owners when they were not subject to the judgment which was being
enforced. It followed that a WSS could not attach the interest of a joint
tenant unless it concomitantly severed the joint tenancy: at [15].

(c) The registration of a WSS did not sever joint tenancy: at [17]–[18].

(i) This view accorded with the view in Canada. Power v Grace [1932] 1 DLR 801
(“Power v Grace (HC)”) and Power v Grace (CA) were relied on for the
proposition that delivery of a writ of execution to the sheriff did not by
itself amount to severance. Tay JC cited (at [19]) the portion of Power v
Grace (HC) stating:

Although the delivery of the writ to the sheriff binds the lands from the date
of delivery, it does not change the ownership …

The continuance of the joint tenancy depends on the maintenance of the union
of title, interest and possession, and a destruction of any of these unities
leads to a severance.

…

The trend of the authorities is that a mere lien or charge on the land, either
by a cotenant or by operation of law, is not sufficient to sever the joint
tenancy; there must be something that amounts to an alienation of title.

[emphasis added]

(ii) It would create a “fine mess” if a WSS when registered severed a joint
tenancy, because of the various possible contingencies that could occur. These
included the postponement or abandonment of the sale because of the sale of
any other property of the judgment debtor (O 47 r 5(c) of the ROC), the
appointment of a receiver of the rents and profits (O 47 r 5(d)), the
withdrawal of the WSS (O 47 r 9) or the cancellation of the WSS due to its
lapse or withdrawal (ss 134 and 136 of the LTA).

(d) Instead of executing a WSS, a judgment creditor could proceed against a
judgment debtor who was a joint tenant of land by appointing a receiver by way
of equitable execution: at [23].

Leong Lai Yee

28 In Leong Lai Yee, the plaintiff was a creditor of the defendant who was a
joint tenant of the property. The defendant was reported missing and became
uncontactable. The plaintiff obtained summary judgment against the defendant
and, after an unsuccessful attempt at enforcement by way of appointing a
receiver (because there was no rent to receive), sought to attach the
defendant’s interest in the property under a WSS.

29 Leow JC granted the application. In holding that a joint tenant’s interest
in land was exigible to a WSS, he reasoned as follows:

(a) Preliminarily, Leow JC noted that the requirement that an interest in land
had to be “distinct and identifiable” for a WSS to attach to such an interest,
and that to be distinct and identifiable a share in the land had to be a
separate and undivided one, appeared for the first time in Malayan Banking. No
authority was cited for this proposition. Nor was there any mention of such a
requirement in the academic writing that existed at the time of that decision:
at [11].

(b) Although a joint tenant did not have an undivided share, his interest was
attachable by a WSS because it would be converted into an undivided share when
the joint tenancy was subsequently severed. Therefore, severance of a joint
tenancy into undivided shares was not a prerequisite for a WSS to be issued
against a joint tenancy’s interest in land (at [12]–[13] and [20]):

12 The concept of joint tenancy is admittedly a somewhat strange legal
creation. Every joint tenant in a joint tenancy arrangement is entitled to the
whole of the property. This may give the impression that a joint tenant’s
share of the property is one that is incapable of being determined. But the
plaintiff cites [Tan Sook Yee, “Execution against Co-owned Property” [2000]
SJLS 52 (“‘Execution against Co-owned Property’”)] … in this regard to argue
that even though a joint tenant does not have an undivided share of the land
for as long as the joint tenancy subsists, the joint tenant has an interest in
land which is identifiable and capable of being determined. Prof Tan explains
(at p 57) that this is because the interest of a joint tenant can be converted
into undivided shares by alienation, and “for [the] purposes of alienation
each is conceived as entitled to dispose of an aliquot share” (per Dixon J in
Wright v Gibbons (1949) 78 CLR 313). When the property is sold for example,
the joint tenants will be entitled to the sale proceeds according to their
interest in the property and their exact “share” of the property can be
grasped. The joint tenants are usually entitled to the proceeds equally unless
they are holding the property on trust for themselves as tenants-in-common in
undivided and unequal shares, perhaps proportionate to their contribution.

13 I am of the view that this reasoning is logical and compelling. In fact,
there are many instances before the court in which it has to determine what a
joint tenant should be entitled to out of the sale proceeds of a property,
based on his interest in the said property. These include applications under s
18(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) … read
with para 2 of the First Schedule thereto, which allows a co-owner to apply to
the High Court for an order of the sale of the property “where it appears
necessary or expedient”. In these cases, the court similarly has to determine
how the net sale proceeds should be divided amongst the co-owners after a
sale, and very often in the context of joint tenancy arrangements … . This can
also happen even after a sale has been ordered, and the court has to declare
each joint tenant’s beneficial interest in the property to apportion the sale
proceeds … . Thus, if the interest of a joint tenant in land is one that is
capable of being alienated and identified, and it is commonly accepted that
severance of a joint tenancy will occur when the sheriff sells the land
pursuant to a WSS, there is no reason why a WSS cannot be issued against a
joint tenant’s interest in land.

…

20 For the purposes of the present case, the relevant question to be asked
when a WSS attaches to an interest in land should not be whether severance of
the joint tenancy has occurred or will immediately occur, but whether
severance can occur in the future. Given that it is accepted that when a
sheriff decides to sell the land under a WSS severance of a joint tenancy will
occur if it has not already occurred, and that the interest of a joint tenant
can be determined when severance occurs, there is no reason why a WSS cannot
be issued against a joint tenant’s interest in land.

[Original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in bold italics]

(c) Regarding the practice in other Commonwealth jurisdictions, Leow JC noted
(at [15]):

… The courts in other jurisdictions proceed on the assumption that an interest
of a joint tenant can be taken in execution under a writ of execution over
land, and focus on the priority between different creditors, the effect of the
registration of a writ of execution on severance, and other related issues
instead.

(d) Leow JC agreed with Malayan Banking that a WSS did not sever a joint
tenancy at the time of registration. He also agreed with Malayan Banking’s
reliance on Power v Grace (CA) for the proposition that the delivery of a writ
of execution to the sheriff did not in itself amount to severance: at [9] and
[16]. However, he also cited Power v Grace (CA) as authority for how the
Canadian courts have adopted an intermediate approach – the mere registration
of a writ of fieri facias does not sever a joint tenancy, and the judgment
debtor must take sufficient steps to execute the judgment against the debtor’s
interest in the property. Leow JC considered this a possible approach to take
though he left the issue open: at [19].

(e) Leow JC also addressed the alleged prejudice to the non-debtor joint
tenant arising from him being “forced” to sell his share of the property upon
execution of the WSS (at [21]–[23]):

21 … [I]t should be clarified that when a joint tenant’s interest in the
property is seized under a WSS, this has no bearing on another joint tenant’s
interest in that same property as the judgment creditor only takes what the
judgment debtor is entitled to, and nothing more. In the event of a sale of
the property, the sheriff can only market the judgment debtor’s share of the
property and has to give notice to the other party prior to doing so.

22 But given that the sheriff may apply to the court for directions under O 47
r 5(g) of the [ROC], it is recognised that a sale of the whole property may
still be ordered, in spite of the objections of a co-owner of the property. It
may seem to some that the “innocent” joint tenant, who does not wish to sell
his property, is “forced” to sell his interest in the property. But the risk
of unfairness is inherent in any form of co-ownership … and is not confined to
the context of WSS of a property held by joint tenants. The situation would be
very similar in cases involving the WSS of an immovable property held as
tenants-in-common and its subsequent sale. The court even has the power to
order the sale of a property in cases which do not involve the enforcement of
a judgment debt, even if it means overriding the consent of a co-owner as long
as the court deems it “necessary or expedient” to order a sale of the whole
property (see s 18(2) read with para 2 of the First Schedule of the SCJA).

23 Such “unfairness” is thus not peculiar to a case in which a WSS is
registered over a judgment debtor’s interest in a property held in joint
tenancy, and courts should hesitate to treat judgment debtors differently
based on the type of co-ownership by which their property is held. From the
point of view of the judgment creditor, why should he be prejudiced in the
enforcement of a judgment debt merely because his debtor is a joint tenant and
not a tenant-in-common? The perceived “unfairness” to the co-owner of the
property must also be balanced against the “unfairness” to a judgment creditor
in a similar case as the one before us. …

[emphasis added]

(f) The appointment of a receiver as an alternative method of enforcement of a
judgment debt was unsatisfactory because it only entitled the judgment
creditor to rental and profits from the property, which was a very different
remedy from the execution of a WSS: at [9]. This method would also be subject
to the same problem of particularising the exact interest the judgement
creditor was entitled to: at [14].

Chan Lung Kien

30 In Chan Lung Kien, the plaintiff (CLK) and the defendant (CSC) were both
judgment creditors of one L. CSC obtained a WSS over L’s interest in a
property that L held with her husband as joint tenants. About a month later,
the husband gave notice of his intention to sever the joint tenancy and hold
the property as a tenant in common with L but did not register that notice of
intention. Subsequently, CLK obtained a WSS over L’s interest in the same
property. The mortgagee of the property then sold the property. The question
arose as to whether CLK or CSC was entitled to the balance sale proceeds. CLK
applied to set aside CSC’s WSS.

31 Chua J held that both WSSes should be set aside (at [62]). In so deciding,
he reasoned as follows:

(a) All joint tenants together owned the whole property and had rights inter
se, but were seen as one owner as against the world: at [20]. Therefore,
seizure of a joint tenant’s interest also meant seizure of his co-owners’
interest. Chua J agreed with the reasoning in Malayan Banking, stating (at
[29]):

Conceptually, the reasoning in Malayan Banking … that seizing a joint tenant’s
interest also means seizing his co-owners’ interests must be correct, since
each joint tenant’s interest in the property is indistinguishable. Each joint
tenant holds nothing by himself; he holds the whole estate together with the
other joint tenants: Robert Megarry & William Wade, The Law of Real Property
(Charles Harpum, Stuart Bridge & Martin Dixon eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed,
2012) at para 13-003. How does a WSS seize such an interest unless the
issuance of the WSS itself amounts to a severance? However, it is well
established that the issuance of a WSS does not sever the joint tenancy.

(b) He disagreed with Leow JC’s proposition in Leong Lai Yee that although a
joint tenant did not have an undivided share, his interest could be seized
under a WSS because it would be converted into an undivided share when the
joint tenancy was subsequently severed. Chua J gave three reasons in support
(at [32]–[34]):

32 First, the proposition focuses not on what is being seized when the WSS is
issued but on what can be seized subsequently upon severance of the joint
tenancy. However, upon severance, the joint tenancy ceases to exist as it
would have been converted into a tenancy in common. What the WSS seizes when
that happens is not the interest of a joint tenant but that of a tenant in
common. In my view, the proposition implicitly acknowledges that there is
nothing for the WSS to bite onto until the joint tenancy is converted into a
tenancy in common.

33 Second, before the court makes an order for a WSS to be issued, it must be
satisfied that the interest that is sought to be seized under the WSS is
capable of being so seized. If it is not capable of being so seized, the court
cannot make the order. It cannot be an answer to say that that interest will
subsequently be converted into one which would be capable of being seized. In
other words, if the nature of a joint tenant’s interest is such that it cannot
be seized under a WSS, it cannot be an answer to say that upon a subsequent
severance, the joint tenant’s interest will be converted into that of a tenant
in common which can be seized under a WSS.

34 Third, in any event, the proposition seems to be premised on an ability to
sell the property following a seizure of the debtor’s interest. However, the
seizure of the debtor’s interest does not allow the sheriff to sell the
property in respect of which the debtor is a joint tenant. Seizure of a joint
tenant’s interest under a WSS is not the same thing as a seizure of the
property itself. Further, it is clear from the earlier discussions (at [21]
above) that even assuming that a joint tenant’s interest can be taken in
execution under a WSS, the sheriff cannot sell the property without the
agreement of all the joint tenants.

[emphasis in original]

(c) Chua J also disagreed with Leow JC that O 47 r 5(g) of the ROC enabled the
court to order a sale of the property against the wishes of the other joint
tenants. It only permitted the sheriff to apply to court for directions in
connection with the sale of the immovable property, ie, that provision came
into play only where the sheriff had the power to sell the property in the
first place: at [36]–[38].

(d) Chua J found that neither the judgment creditor nor the sheriff were
entitled to apply for a sale of the property in lieu of partition under s
18(2) of the SCJA read with para 2 of the First Schedule. The rights to apply
for partition and to apply for sale in lieu of partition were rights given to
co-owners. The WSS did not make the judgment creditor a co-owner and neither
did the registration of the WSS. The general property and interest in the
property remained with the debtor until execution of the sale: at [39]–[40],
citing Chia Kin Tuck at [14].

(e) Chua J had this to say about reliance on the practice in other
Commonwealth jurisdictions (at [41]):

Leow JC also relied on the practice in other Commonwealth jurisdictions.
However, as his Honour noted … these cases proceeded on the assumption that a
WSS can be executed against a joint tenant’s interest in land, without any
discussion. These cases therefore do not assist in the analysis of the issues
discussed above. I would add that in Canada, s 9 of the Execution Act, RSO
1990, c E.24, which was first enacted in 1957, expressly permits the seizure
and sale of property held in joint tenancy. … Previous Canadian cases had
assumed that a joint tenant’s interest can be attached in execution. However,
in 1953, the Ontario High Court in Re Tully and Tully and Klotz [1953] 4 DLR
798 cast doubt on this position when it decided, albeit without giving written
reasons, that a joint tenant’s interest could not be attached in execution.
There was thus at least some degree of uncertainty in Canada on this issue
before the legislature intervened and enacted s 9 of the Execution Act.

(f) The mere registration of a WSS over jointly held land did not sever the
joint tenancy. The modes of severance were an act of the joint tenant
operating on his own share, mutual agreement or a sufficient course of
dealing: at [23].

Higgins

32 The defendant in Higgins co-owned a property with his wife as joint
tenants. He had two sets of judgment creditors: the plaintiff law firm, which
acted for him in two lawsuits and now claimed unpaid legal fees; and the
counterparty (“X”) in those lawsuits. X filed a WSS over the property sometime
between July 2015 (when Leong Lai Yee was decided) and July 2017 (when Chan
Lung Kien was decided). In September 2017, the law firm also applied for a
WSS. The sole issue on appeal from the Assistant Registrar was whether a
judgment for payment of money was enforceable by way of a WSS against the
judgment debtor’s interest in immovable property which was held under a joint
tenancy.

33 Pang JC dealt with this issue very comprehensively. He also appointed an
amicus curiae to address the legal issues before the court. These were the
reasons for his decision:

(a) Historically, English law permitted execution by way of a writ of elegit
against the interest of a joint tenant (the writ of elegit was a statutory
creation under which a judgment debtor could take possession of half of the
joint debtor’s freehold land). This was supported by Lord Abergavenny’s Case
(1607) 77 ER 373 (“Lord Abergavenny’s Case”), where judgment was obtained by
the plaintiff against M (a joint tenant of land). M then released all her
estate and right in the land to F, the other joint tenant. The court held that
notwithstanding the release, the plaintiff was entitled to execute the
judgment by a writ of elegit. Pang JC observed at [17] that:

(a) The issue in [Lord Abergavenny’s Case] was whether a judgment debtor could
defeat execution against her interest as joint tenant by releasing her
interest in the land to the other joint tenant.

(b) The premise underlying this issue must be that the law as it stood in 1595
allowed a joint tenant’s interest in land to be taken in execution of a
judgment by writ of elegit. Had this not been the case, the arguments in [Lord
Abergavenny’s Case] would have included the preliminary issue of whether a
joint tenant’s interest in land was exigible to a writ of elegit, and not just
the issue of whether an execution by writ of elegit could be defeated by the
joint tenant releasing her interest in the land before execution.

(b) That approach under English law became part of Singapore law under the
Second Charter of Justice in 1826. Though the provisions that tracked the
evolution of the writ of elegit evolved over the years and Singapore also
introduced the Torrens system, there was no intention to restrict the
successors of the writ of elegit to a narrower range of interests in land than
those previously exigible to the writ of elegit. That evolution may be
summarised as follows: at [21]–[35].

(i) The writ of elegit was replaced by the “Writ of Execution against Lands”
in the Straits Settlements Civil Procedure Ordinance 1878 (Ordinance No 5 of
1878) (“CPO 1878”) and the Straits Settlements Civil Procedure Code 1907
(Ordinance No 31 of 1907) (“CPC 1907”); followed by the “writ of seizure and
sale” in the Courts Ordinance 1934 (Ordinance No 17 of 1934) (“Courts
Ordinance 1934”) and the Civil Procedure Rules of the Supreme Court 1934 (S
2941/1934) (“RSC 1934”); and finally the WSS in the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act 1969 (Act 24 of 1969).

(ii) Although the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970 (S 274/1970) (“RSC 1970”)
for a time replaced the WSS with charging orders as the mode of execution
against immovable property, eventually the WSS was restored as the relevant
mode of execution in 1991 via the introduction of O 47 rr 4 and 5, the texts
of which remain substantially unchanged to this day.

(iii) Singapore adopted the Torrens system of land registration through the
enactment of the Land Titles Ordinance 1956 (Ordinance No 21 of 1956) (“LTO
1956”). Section 106(1) of the LTO 1956 provided that:

The interest in registered land which may be sold in execution under a writ is
the interest which belongs to the judgment debtor at the date of registration
of the writ.

The draftsman’s intention in implementing this provision was clear – that
provision was meant to import the Australian position that the interest of a
joint tenant could be taken under a writ. Pang JC cited (at [35]) the
draftsman of the LTO 1956, John Baalman, in The Singapore Torrens System –
Being a Commentary on the Land Titles Ordinance, 1956 of the State of
Singapore (The Government of the State of Singapore, 1961) (“Baalman’s
Commentary”) at p 218:

It has been held in Australia that the interest of a joint tenant can be taken
under a writ; Registrar-General v Wood (1926) 39 C.L.R. 46. So also that of a
tenant in common; In re Guss (1927) 28 S.R. (N.S.W.) 226. There is nothing in
this Ordinance which makes those decisions inapplicable. [Emphasis in original
omitted]

(c) It was the position in England, Australia, Hong Kong, and Canada, amongst
other Commonwealth authorities, that a judgment debtor’s interest in immovable
property which was held under a joint tenancy may be taken in execution (at
[54]–[55]):

54 It would appear that in all Commonwealth jurisdictions on which relevant
materials could be found, the uniform position is to allow a joint tenant’s
interest in land to be taken in execution of money judgments. No materials
have been placed before me to indicate that there are any Commonwealth
jurisdictions which have taken the contrary position.

55 Several of the cases noted above did not merely assume that the interest of
a joint tenant in land is exigible to execution. For instance, [Yu Pei-Tseng v
Mong Wing Ho Alexander [1978] HKDCLR 15], [Maroukis v Maroukis [1984] 2 SCR
137], and [First Global Bank Limited v Rohan Rose [2016] JMCC COMM 19] are all
examples of cases in which the point was raised squarely and a considered
decision made by the court on the point. Even in the other cases which
accepted the exigibility of a joint tenant’s interest in land to execution
without discussion, the judges in all likelihood did so not because they had
failed to consider the point, but because they (as well as the parties) had
considered the point indisputable having regard to the authority of cases such
as [Lord Abergavenny’s Case] … and authoritative texts such as Coke on
Littleton and Comyns’ Digest.

The position in the Commonwealth authorities accorded with logic and
principle, and there were no local circumstances to warrant Singapore striking
out on its own to take a different position from all the other jurisdictions:
at [127]–[128].

(d) Regarding the nature of the joint tenancy, Pang JC emphasised that there
were “two not altogether compatible aspects of joint tenancy” [original
emphasis omitted], at [77]:

… Consequently, the court is not compelled to focus only on one aspect (that a
joint tenant holds the whole with the other joint tenants but holds nothing by
himself) to the exclusion of the other equally valid aspect (that a joint
tenant has a real ownership interest which is capable of immediate alienation
without the consent of the other joint tenants). Once both aspects of joint
tenancy are given weight to:

(a) it will no longer appear incompatible with the nature of the joint tenancy
to hold that a joint tenant’s interest in land is exigible to a WSS; and

(b) the seizure of a joint tenant’s interest in land by WSS will also need not
be seen as a seizure of the other joint tenant’s interest – while a WSS would
prevent the debtor-joint tenant from dealing with his interest, with the
consequence that the other joint tenant would not be able to join the debtor-
joint tenant in disposing of the whole property together, the other joint
tenant remains free to deal with his aliquot share independently of the
debtor-joint tenant.

[emphasis added]

Pang JC isolated the crucial factor that rendered a joint tenant’s interest
exigible to execution as its severability (at [81]–[82]). He based this
reasoning on The Registrar-General of New South Wales v Wood (1926) 39 CLR 46
(“RG v Wood”), which dealt with a tenancy by entireties, which differs from
joint tenancy as the former is not severable. A tenancy by entireties was “a
form of co-ownership featuring only the first aspect of a joint tenancy (ie,
the right of survivorship and the general rule that co-owners must act
together when dealing with the property as a whole) but not the second aspect
(ie, severability of the joint tenancy and the rule that a joint tenant is
able to act on his own share without the consent of the other joint tenant)”
(Higgins at [79]). The pertinent point from RG v Wood was that if the Married
Women’s Property Act 1901 in Australia had modified the tenancy by entireties
to take on the characteristics of a joint tenancy, then it could be taken
under an execution. If it did not, then it could not so be. Therefore, the
difference was that a joint tenancy had something the tenancy by entireties
did not – ie, severability.

(e) Pang JC considered and distinguished the situation of a joint bank account
in One Investment (at [86]–[87]) and decided that the approach to joint bank
accounts was inapplicable to joint tenancies.

(f) Therefore, he concluded that although he had no difficulty in principle
with the notion that the phrase “interest of the judgment debtor” for a WSS in
O 47 r 4(1)(a) of the ROC referred to an interest which was sufficiently
distinct and identifiable to be seized in a meaningful way, a joint tenant’s
interest in land “amply satisfie[d] this requirement”: at [141].

(g) Regarding the concern over the sheriff’s ability to sell, Pang JC
clarified that there was a distinction between: (a) the saleability of a joint
tenant’s interest in the land; and (b) the saleability of the whole property.
He was of the view that since the sale of the undivided share of the tenant in
common was not controversial, then the sale of the joint tenant’s interest was
similarly uncontroversial: at [106]–[116].

(h) Pang JC did not think the arguments on purported “unfairness” to the other
joint tenant versus possible “unfairness” to judgment creditors advanced the
analysis much: at [120]–[126].

(i) Pang JC held that severance would occur at the time the WSS was registered
(at [97]):

(i) Interestingly, he relied on Power v Grace (CA) to support his view – the
same authority that Malayan Banking and Chan Lung Kien relied on for the
contrary view. He appeared to have interpreted Power v Grace (CA) more
narrowly in that “the lesson to be drawn from [Power v Grace (CA)] is that, in
order to identify the time of severance, we need to understand what
constitutes execution or seizure under Singapore’s statutory framework” (at
[95]). That case did not stand for the general proposition that independent of
the statutory context, severance under a writ of execution occurs only when
the sheriff commences the process of selling the land: at [92]–[97].

(ii) The way around the “fine mess” mentioned in Malayan Banking would be to
adopt the doctrine of “temporary severance”: at [98]–[105], obiter.

(iii) The difficulty with ascertaining the relative shares of joint tenants is
mitigated because the default position, unless otherwise established, is that
the joint tenants would hold in equal shares in tenancy in common upon
severance: at [117]–[119].

Ong Boon Hwee

34 The plaintiffs in Ong Boon Hwee obtained judgment against the defendant and
sought to enforce this by way of a WSS over a property that was jointly held
by the defendant and her husband. The defendant’s husband applied to set aside
the WSS.

35 Chan J, in dismissing the application, held that a joint tenant’s interest
was exigible to a WSS independent of severance of the joint tenancy (at [74]):

(a) On a preliminary point, Chan J disagreed with Pang JC in Higgins that the
writ of elegit was the progenitor of the WSS; instead the WSS was likely
modelled after the writ of fieri facias in New South Wales. Nevertheless, it
did not affect his analysis: at [27]–[36].

(b) Chan J agreed with Pang JC that “[g]iven the ‘two not altogether
compatible aspects of joint tenancy’, the court is not compelled to focus on
only one aspect (that a joint tenant holds the whole with the other joint
tenants but nothing by himself) to the exclusion of the other equally valid
aspect (that a joint tenant has a real ownership interest which is capable of
immediate alienation without the consent of the other joint tenants). Giving
weight to both aspects of joint tenancy, it would not be incompatible with the
nature of the joint tenancy to hold that a joint tenant’s interest in land is
exigible to a WSS”: at [48(c)].

(c) Chan J observed that the Commonwealth authorities supported the view that
a joint tenant’s interest was exigible to a WSS, though he noted that “it
appears that the issue as to whether a WSS can latch onto a joint tenant’s
interest in land for the purpose of enforcement did not arise squarely in some
of the cases from the Commonwealth jurisdictions considered by Pang JC”: at
[37].

(d) The view that a joint tenant’s interest was exigible to a WSS was
supported by the draftsman’s intention in Baalman’s Commentary: at [39]–[46].
“The decision in Malayan Banking, which stipulated at [15] that ‘“the interest
which belongs to the judgment debtor’ which may be sold in execution (s 135(1)
of LTA) must be distinct and identifiable and cannot be a joint interest” thus
directly opposes the draftsman’s intention” (at [46]).

(e) Chan J made no finding as to whether a joint tenancy was severed by a
subsequent registration of the WSS: at [74].

My decision

Exigibility of a joint tenant’s interest to a WSS

36 After hearing the parties’ arguments, I was inclined to accept the
reasoning and the decisions in Leong Lai Yee, Higgins and Ong Boon Hwee. Thus,
I was satisfied that the interest of a joint tenant was capable of attachment
by an order under O 47 r 4(1) of the ROC and exigible to a WSS. I shall now
explain my reasons for coming to this decision.

No requirement of a “distinct and identifiable” interest

37 The Applicant’s case rested on two key premises: (a) there was a
requirement that a judgment debtor’s (in this case, the Applicant’s) interest
in land had to be “distinct and identifiable” for a WSS to attach (“the
Requirement”); and (b) a joint tenant’s (the Applicant’s) interest in land did
not satisfy the Requirement. But the Requirement is not expressly found in O
47 r 4(1)(a) of the ROC that deals with WSSes, which provides that the order
of court in Form 96 is to attach “the interest of the judgment debtor in the
immovable property”. Nor is the Requirement found in any other statute on this
issue, including s 135(1) of the LTA and s 13 of the SCJA. These relevant
statutes merely refer to “interest” and not “distinct and identifiable
interest”.

38 In Leong Lai Yee, Leow JC noted that the Requirement appeared for the first
time in Malayan Banking. He did not ground his decision on whether a joint
tenant’s interest in land satisfied the Requirement. Instead, he simply held
that “severance of a joint tenancy into undivided shares was not a
prerequisite for a WSS to be issued against a joint tenant’s interest in land”
(at [11]). Chua J in Chan Lung Kien cited Malayan Banking and agreed that the
Requirement would apply to WSSes (at [24] and [42]). Pang JC in Higgins had no
difficulty accepting the Requirement in principle and held that a joint
tenant’s interest in land “amply satisfied this requirement”: at [141]. Chan J
in Ong Boon Hwee appeared to indicate that the Requirement would not apply to
WSSes as this was not the intention of the draftsman: at [46].

39 The established and uncontroversial approach to statutory interpretation is
that a court should not read into a statute words that are not there,
especially when the statute is clear and unambiguous. See Thomson (Pauper) v
Goold & Co [1910] AC 409 at 420, “[i]t is a strong thing to read into an Act
of Parliament words which are not there, and in the absence of clear necessity
it is a wrong thing to do”; and Vickers, Sons & Maxim, Ltd v Evans [1910] AC
444 at 445, “we are not entitled to read words into an Act of Parliament
unless clear reason for it is to be found within the four corners of the Act
itself”. Similarly, the Singapore court has declined to give a more
restrictive meaning to the wording in a statute than the plain wording would
suggest: Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man [2006] 2 SLR(R)
525 at [30]:

Admittedly, the “default” in O 25 r 3(2) (like that in the present case),
relates to a default in complying with an order of court, unlike a default
under O 13 and O 19 of the ROC which relates to a default in complying with
the procedures prescribed in those orders of the ROC. But there is nothing in
s 34(1)(a) to suggest that the “default judgment” referred to in the provision
is limited only to a judgment obtained by default in complying with the
procedures prescribed in the ROC and not default in complying with an order of
court. We can see no justification to give such a restrictive meaning to the
word “default” which means non-compliance with something. To so restrict its
meaning would be to read, quite unwarrantably, additional words into the
provision, words which are not there. [emphasis added]

40 In my view, it was unnecessary for Malayan Banking to read the Requirement
into O 47 r 4(1)(a) of the ROC as the wording of the provision is clear and
unambiguous. Firstly, the qualifying adjectives “distinct and identifiable”
are absent from the plain wording of the statute. Secondly, nor is there any
indication, from the history of this provision outlined in Higgins (see
[33(b)] above), that the legislature intended to introduce this qualification
at any point. To the contrary, the intention of the draftsman, John Baalman,
was not to introduce this restrictive reading. As explained by Pang JC in
Higgins and Chan J in Ong Boon Hwee, the draftsman’s aim was to import the
position under the Australian Torrens system of land registration. Under that
system the interest of the joint tenant was exigible to a WSS. There was no
explicit requirement that the “interest” must be a “distinct and identifiable”
one. This further strengthened the case that “interest” in the LTA should not
be read as “distinct and identifiable interest”. Thirdly, it is unnecessary to
read the Requirement into the ROC because the words “interest of the judgment
debtor” under O 47 r 4(1)(a) are perfectly clear and unambiguous. Those words
have long been interpreted as referring to how a judgment creditor may only
attach, by way of a WSS (or the WSS’s progenitor), property to which the
debtor was beneficially entitled. That is illustrated by the case of Ng Boo
Bee v Khaw Joo Choe, Khaw Sim Tek and others (1921) 14 SSLR 90 (“Ng Boo Bee”).

41 In Ng Boo Bee, a judgment creditor had registered an order of attachment.
But by then the debtor had already conveyed the land to third parties who had
paid the purchase money and entered into possession, although they had not yet
registered their conveyance. The court held that at the date of purported
seizure the debtor had no interest to be seized, as the property no longer
belonged to the debtor beneficially. The issue was the interpretation of s
619(1) of CPC 1907, which provided that:

where the property to be seized consists of immoveable property or any
interest therein, either in law or at equity, the seizure shall be made by
registering … an Order of Court … attaching the interest of the judgment
debtor in the property described in the Order.

Pertinently, s 617(1) elaborated on what kind of property was seizable under a
WSS: Lands “belonging to the judgment debtor, or over which, or the profits of
which, he has a disposing power, which he may exercise for his own benefit”.

42 Ebden J explained:

The all important question is as to the effect of section 617 of [the CPC
1907] which replaced the old writ of execution by a writ of

seizure and sale of all saleable property moveable or immoveable, belonging to
the judgment debtor, or over which, or the profits of which, he has a
disposing power which he may exercise for his own benefit.

There was some comment before us on the application of the words “belonging
to” where “real” or immovable property is affected. It seems clear beyond
question that this writ of seizure and sale was inspired by the writ of
elegit, and that the words “belonging to” were used in the section in place of
the words “seised or possessed of” because the writ is made applicable to
moveable and immoveable property alike. The words “belonging to the judgment
debtor” can only be read as equivalent to some such words as, “of which the
judgment debtor is lawfully possessed of his own right” and as including the
power of disposition as the greater includes the less.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

43 Accordingly, the relevant provisions of the ROC did not impose the
Requirement. The starting point should, therefore, be to ask whether the
judgment debtor is seised or possessed of an interest in the immovable
property (as opposed to asking the further question of whether that interest
is sufficiently “distinct and identifiable”). In my view, the answer to that
had to be in the affirmative, having regard to the two aspects of a joint
tenancy.

The nature of the joint tenancy

44 The Applicant argued that “[i]n a joint[ ]tenancy, each joint tenant holds
the whole jointly and nothing severally” [original emphasis omitted; emphasis
added]. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

2DS at para 16.

The interest in the property was therefore held by a “composite person”, here
the Applicant and his wife.

45 I did not accept this argument. As explained in Higgins and Ong Boon Hwee,
there are two perspectives to a joint tenancy:

(a) A joint tenant holds the whole with the other joint tenants but nothing by
himself (“the First Aspect”).

(b) A joint tenant has a real ownership interest which is capable of immediate
alienation without the consent of the other joint tenants (“the Second
Aspect”).

46 The Second Aspect works in this way. In a joint tenancy there are no actual
shares because each co-owner owns the whole. But the law recognises him as
having a notional, aliquot share, ie, a share that is a potentially rather
than actually divided share in property. A joint tenant’s aliquot share is
converted into actual, undivided shares in property held as a tenant in common
upon severance. That view is shared by the learned authors of Tan Sook Yee’s
Principles of Singapore Land Law at para 9.17:

… The cases have proceeded on the fallacy that a joint tenant does not have a
distinct and identifiable share prior to severance. This is a false premise. A
joint tenant has an aliquot share prior to severance. … The presence of an
aliquot share explains why a joint tenant may unilaterally alienate his own
share to a third party which results in a severance of the joint tenancy.
Furthermore, it is uncontroversial that when a joint tenant becomes bankrupt,
his share of the joint tenancy passes to the Official Assignee and Public
Trustee which thereby causes a severance of the joint tenancy. If the joint
tenant does not have a distinct and identifiable share prior to severance,
then unilateral alienation and severance upon bankruptcy should not be
doctrinally possible. … [emphasis added in bold]

47 Considering the above, the question boiled down to this: Which of the two
aspects of a joint tenancy should the court emphasise, in deciding whether a
joint tenant’s interest was exigible to a WSS? This was not a question
susceptible to being answered purely by reference to the decided cases, but a
normative choice to be made after considering the precedents, principles and
practicalities or questions of fairness and comparative prejudice to all the
affected parties.

48 I held that the Second Aspect should trump the First Aspect, such that a
joint tenant should be regarded as having an interest capable of attachment
under a WSS, for the following three reasons.

Distinguishing a joint tenancy from a tenancy by entireties

49 Firstly, the tenancy by entireties was a distinct form of co-ownership that
existed alongside the joint tenancy and tenancy in common. It differed from a
joint tenancy in that it had only the First Aspect (ie, the right of
survivorship and the requirement that co-owners must act together when dealing
with the property as a whole). As explained in Oval A Phipps, “Tenancy by
Entireties” (1951) 25 Temple Law Quarterly 24 at 25 and 39:

Tenancy by the entireties as it was known to the early common law depended in
its characteristics upon the marital-unity concept and the corollary, the
husband’s dominance before the law. …

…

(e) Management, control, power to alienate

In a joint tenancy each co-owner is empowered—in the absence of express or
implied contrary agreement between the parties—to manage, control, and dispose
of his undivided share … without interference by his fellow or fellows, and he
may alienate his portion at will—thereby creating a tenancy in common between
his alienee and the other joint tenant or tenants. But one of tenants by the
entireties has no such separate powers as to any part of the principal asset …

[emphasis added in bold]

See also “Tenancy by Entireties” (1891) 11 Canadian Law Times 97 at 98:

… [T]he reason why the joint estate of husband and wife differs from a joint
tenancy is, that the husband and wife are considered in law as one person, and
it is all the same as if there had originally been a sole seisin of the land.
The composite person, so to speak, lives on and is seised of the entirety as
long as the survivor of them lives and is seised. [emphasis added in italics
and bold italics]

To choose to emphasise the First Aspect of a joint tenancy, as the Applicant
urged, would assimilate the effects of a joint tenancy to a tenancy by
entireties notwithstanding that they were distinct forms of legal status.
Indeed, it was telling that the Applicant’s counsel referred to the interest
in the Property being held by the “composite person” of the Applicant and his
wife.

50 To clarify, the tenancy by entireties is not currently part of Singapore
land law. This form of property holding may have been introduced into
Singapore via the Second Charter of Justice in 1826, given that it continued
to exist in England before 1 January 1926: Kevin Gray & Susan Francis Gray,
Elements of Land Law (OUP, 5th Ed, 2009) at para 7.4.110. There is some doubt
whether the tenancy by entireties was indeed introduced because the Second
Charter of Justice imported English law subject to modification by local
customs. Regardless, as stated in Tan Kay Thye and others v Commissioner of
Stamp Duties [1991] 1 SLR(R) 306 (“Tan Kay Thye”) at [15], coparcenary and
tenancy by entireties ceased to exist in Singapore from 1 August 1886. This
date appears to be the date on which the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act
(Cap 61) (then known as Ordinance 6 of 1886) came into effect, though the
court in Tan Kay Thye did not explain its reasoning in this way. The tenancy
by entireties has been abolished in England and Australia, amongst other
jurisdictions.

51 Therefore, the First Aspect of a joint tenancy would not fit into the
Singapore legal framework.

Prejudice to the non-debtor joint tenant or the creditor

52 Secondly, the court’s preference of the Second Aspect over the First Aspect
must balance the comparative prejudice that would result to the non-debtor
joint tenant and the creditor’s interest who was attempting to execute a WSS.

53 I did not find any of the arguments regarding prejudice to the non-debtor
joint tenant persuasive.

54 It was argued that following Malayan Banking and Chan Lung Kien, to seize
one joint tenant’s interest was to seize also the interest of the innocent co-
owners when they were not subject to the judgment which was being enforced.

55 As stated, a joint tenancy has two distinct aspects. If the Second Aspect
is emphasised, then what the court order attaches to is the debtor-joint
tenant’s aliquot share in the jointly held property. The order would not
affect the non-debtor joint tenant’s aliquot share whose interest in the joint
tenancy is protected even if there should be a forced sale of the property,
depending on the circumstances. Conversely, if the First Aspect is emphasised,
there would be seizure of the non-debtor joint tenant’s interest because the
joint tenants’ interests in a joint tenancy are one and the same. The
question, as I have emphasised at [47], must be why one aspect should be
preferred over another.

56 It was also argued that the non-debtor joint tenant would be “forced” to
sell her share of the property upon execution of the WSS (a point noted in
Leong Lai Yee at [21]). However, the non-debtor joint tenant could avoid the
sale of the property by buying over the interest of the debtor joint tenant
from the creditor or the sheriff.

57 The tangential issue is whether a sheriff can apply to court for directions
to sell the property under O 47 r 5(g) when the non-debtor joint tenant does
not consent. If the sheriff cannot, then there is no question of the latter
being “forced” to sell. The authorities diverge. Leong Lai Yee at [21]–[22]
stated that a sheriff could apply to the court for directions to sell the
property despite the non-debtor joint tenant’s objections and the Applicant
submitted that it was “arguable at least” that this was the case. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PFS at para 32.

In contrast, Higgins at [111] stated that the sheriff could not apply for such
directions and the Respondent endorsed this position. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2DFS at para 9.

I preferred the view in Leong Lai Yee. While a sheriff can usually only sell
the debtor’s interest in a jointly held property (see the wording of s 135(1)
of the LTA and Forms 83 and 97 of the ROC), if the sheriff applies to court
for directions under O 47 r 5(g) then the court may direct the sale of the
entire property. The wording of O 47 r 5(g), which refers to “immovable
property or any interest therein seized” is wide enough to cover this,
contrary to other provisions of O 47 r 5 such as r 5(e) cited in Higgins
(which refers only to “the interest of the judgment debtor in any immovable
property, seized and sold under the order”). In coming to my view I did not
derive much assistance from BYX v BYY [2019] SGHC 237, cited by the Applicant,
as that case dealt with whether an execution creditor could sell the property
even if a mortgagee did not consent. The applicable provisions there were O 31
r 1 of the ROC and para 2 of the First Schedule to the SCJA, and the parties
did not submit on whether these applied to WSSes.

58 But even if a court has the power to direct a sale despite the non-debtor
joint tenant’s protests, that does not mean the non-debtor joint tenant is
left unprotected. The Applicant and the Respondent both pointed to ways the
non-debtor joint tenant could be protected, even though interpleader
proceedings did not apply to immovable property. Both submitted that non-
debtor joint tenants could seek a declaration and directions from the court.
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PFS at para 25; 2DFS at para 7.

The Applicant also submitted that the non-debtor joint tenant could commence
separate proceedings to assert its right, or intervene in the suit under which
the WSS was issued under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) (on the ground that there is a
question or issue arising out of, relating to, or connected with any relief or
remedy claimed in the cause or matter that would be just and convenient to
determine between the interested non-party and the parties). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PFS at paras 20–24.

59 Even if a sale did occur, the non-debtor joint tenant would be entitled to
part of the sale proceeds. The only question would then be of apportioning
their entitlement and that was a practical question of having the necessary
evidence. One solution would be to look at the parties’ contributions to the
purchase price of the property. It would be open to the debtor joint tenant to
furnish the necessary information (about the non-debtor joint tenant’s
interest) to the creditor who took out the WSS in examination of judgment
debtor proceedings. Another solution would be for the joint tenants to invoke
any applicable legal presumptions (such as the presumption of advancement from
husband to wife) in support of their case. In this regard, the Applicant’s
counsel had submitted, in response to my example at the hearing that the court
regularly apportions matrimonial assets held in joint tenancies, that this was
only possible because the court was empowered to divide matrimonial assets
under the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed). That submission missed the
point I was making – I was aware that the court has the power to divide
matrimonial assets under the Women’s Charter. I wanted to illustrate the point
that the interests of the spouses who own properties as joint tenants are not
indivisible and unidentifiable. Thus, the courts regularly approach the issue,
at the stage of apportioning entitlement, by looking at parties’ respective
contributions.

60 On the other hand, a creditor of a debtor-joint tenant would potentially be
prejudiced if enforcement were stymied merely because his debtor was a joint
tenant and not a tenant in common: Leong Lai Yee at [23]. That would be
especially egregious if a debtor deliberately converted his property holding
to that of a joint tenancy to pre-empt execution. To be fair to creditors,
debtors should not be allowed to hide behind a joint tenancy to avoid paying
their debts. It is no answer to say that creditors can appoint a receiver as
suggested by Tay JC in Malayan Banking. The shortcomings of this remedy – the
entitlement to rental and profits and not the property itself, as highlighted
in Leong Lai Yee (see [29(f)] above) – make it a poor substitute for a WSS.

The analogy to joint bank accounts

61 Thirdly, even though joint bank accounts cannot be garnished, the reasoning
does not apply analogously to jointly held land.

62 The Applicant cited One Investment, as well as two old English authorities
that both dealt with jointly held bank accounts. In MacDonald v The Tacquah
Gold Mines Company (1884) 13 QBD 535, Fry LJ stated that “to enable a judgment
creditor to attach a debt due to two persons in order to answer for the debt
due to him from the judgment debtor alone … would be altogether contrary to
justice” (at 539). This case was endorsed in Hirschorn v Evans (Barclays Bank,
Ltd, Garnishees) [1938] 2 KB 801.

63 However, these authorities did not assist the Applicant. In One Investment
itself, Kannan Ramesh JC (as he then was) pointed out two key reasons why the
joint bank account context was not analogous. There was no risk that the
judgment debtor could access the assets of the innocent joint tenant (because
severance would occur by the time of sale of the property and the sheriff may
only market the judgment debtor’s share). There was also a way for joint
tenants to monitor and challenge a sale. Conversely, allowing joint accounts
to be attached in garnishee proceedings would cause prejudice to third parties
(banks) who had no visibility as to the respective contributions of the joint
account holders (at [23]):

23 Putting aside my reservations as to the correctness of [Leong Lai Yee] … I
did not find it to be relevant to my determination. [Leong Lai Yee]
specifically concerned a WSS against immovable property, and the illiquid
nature of immovable property means that many of the concerns surrounding the
potential prejudice to joint account holders in garnishee proceedings do not
arise. There is no risk that the judgment debtor can access the assets of the
innocent joint tenant; … the joint tenancy is severed by the time of the sale
of the property by the Sheriff and the Sheriff may only market the judgment
debtor’s share of the property. Upon such severance, the judgment debtor can
no longer deal in the shares of the former joint owners in the property.
Further, the notification of parties who may be prejudiced is either inherent
or expressly provided for in a WSS against immovable property. Order 47 r 5(g)
of the ROC permits the Sheriff to apply to court for directions and for notice
to be given to all parties interested in the property. Thus the sale of
jointly-owned property would necessarily be carried out with the notice of all
owners. There is therefore a framework which allows joint tenants to monitor
and challenge the sale. No such framework exists in respect of a garnishee
order against a joint account. [emphasis added]

64 There are two other reasons why the analogy to the joint bank account is
not appropriate:

(a) Joint account holders are protected by banking secrecy under s 47(1) of
the Banking Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed) which reads: “Customer information shall
not, in any way, be disclosed by a bank in Singapore or any of its officers to
any other person except as expressly provided in this Act.” The Banking Act
does not allow the holder of a WSS to access the banking information of the
non-debtor joint account holder. Hence, the bank is required to protect the
banking information of the non-debtor joint account holder.

(b) The Applicant did not cite any authorities or literature explaining that
joint accounts have the First and Second Aspects identified above in relation
to joint tenancies. The two are, therefore, not analogous in this sense.

65 Accordingly, the distinction between a joint tenancy and tenancies by
entireties, considerations of fairness between non-debtor joint tenants and
creditors, as well as the dis-analogy to the joint bank account situation were
good reasons to accept the Second Aspect of joint tenancies over the First
Aspect. I hence concluded that a joint tenant’s interest could be attached by
an order of court and taken in execution of a WSS. I wish to emphasise that in
my deliberation I was deeply mindful that the legal position must be fair to
all the parties involved, ie, the creditor, the debtor and particularly the
innocent non-debtor joint tenants (in this case, the Applicant’s wife), and
other purported equitable interests held by the joint tenants on others’
behalf (such as the Applicant’s sisters, if the allegations were true).

Other arguments raised by the Applicant

66 It remains to deal briefly with two other arguments raised by the
Applicant.

Alleged conceptual difficulties with the right to alienate

67 The Applicant argued that the WSS purported to bite onto the right to
alienate, ie, the right of a debtor joint tenant to give up the relationship
of joint tenancy and part ways with his co-owner. But until that right is
exercised, the interest is not distinct but bundled with someone else’s. This
right was in itself not an interest, and an interest was needed for a WSS to
attach.

68 In my view, it was not the right to alienate that the WSS is purported to
latch onto, but the joint tenant’s interest in the aliquot share. That aliquot
share would not be made into undivided shares until the joint tenant exercised
his right to alienate. That point was made clear in Higgins at [88]:

… I am not persuaded that the considerations arising from the nature of the
joint tenancy are sufficient to support the conclusion that a joint tenant’s
interest in land cannot be seized by WSS. On the contrary, the severability of
the joint tenancy and the ability of a joint tenant to alienate his aliquot
share (or potential aliquot share) without the consent of the other joint
tenants ought, in principle, lead to the result that any property interest
which a debtor-joint tenant is able to alienate on his own should be also
saleable in execution by the sheriff on the debtor-joint tenant’s behalf.
[emphasis added in bold and bold italics]

Reliance on Commonwealth authorities

69 The Applicant argued that the Singapore cases that decided a joint tenant’s
interest was exigible to a WSS, as well as the Commonwealth authorities they
relied on, did not explain why they came to this view beyond citing precedents
that took this view. The propagation of this proposition, therefore, became a
self-fulfilling prophecy.

70 Preliminarily, in so far as the Applicant alleged the cases asserted
without explaining why the Second Aspect should be selected, his counsel did
the same in asserting why the First Aspect should be preferred. It was a case
of the pot calling the kettle black.

71 In any case, the allegation that the Singapore authorities were
indiscriminately and blindly following precedents was unwarranted and unfair.
The cases after Malayan Banking, both for and against, were alive to the
limitations of the Commonwealth authorities (see the observations at [29(c)],
[31(e)], [33(d)] and [35(c)] above, for Leong Lai Yee, Chan Lung Kien,
Higgins, and Ong Boon Hwee respectively). It is interesting to note that the
Applicant alleged that Higgins cited three cases that simply assumed that a
joint tenant’s interest could be seized, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2DS at para 46.

but these very same cases were those identified by Pang JC as cases that did
not merely assume the exigibility of a joint tenant’s interest in land
(Higgins at [55]).

72 Accordingly, I held, in line with Leong Lai Yee, Higgins and Ong Boon Hwee,
that a joint tenant’s interest in land was exigible to a WSS independently of
severance.

Severance of the joint tenancy

73 It was relevant to consider when, exactly, a joint tenancy was severed due
to my holding that a joint tenant’s interest need not be sufficiently distinct
and identifiable at the point of attachment of the court order. In my view,
the execution of a WSS did not effect a permanent severance of the joint
tenancy. Permanent severance would occur only upon a sale of the joint
tenant’s interest by the sheriff.

Power v Grace (CA)

74 I began with Power v Grace (CA), which the Applicant alleged that Higgins
had interpreted incorrectly. That case concerned a joint tenancy between a
mother and daughter. The plaintiff obtained judgment against the mother and a
writ of fieri facias was delivered to the sheriff. The mother died before the
sheriff could act under the writ. The sole issue was whether the delivery of
the writ to the sheriff constituted “execution” (ie, seizure). Only if it did
not would the daughter, as the surviving joint tenant, take the land
discharged of the execution. The Ontario Court of Appeal held that delivery
was not execution (or seizure) because the statute clearly distinguished
between delivery and execution. The relevant provision stated that a sheriff
“to whom a writ of execution against lands is delivered for execution may
seize and sell thereunder” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics].
Therefore, mere delivery was not equivalent to seizure. In the words of Grant
JA:

The filing of the writ of fi. fa. with the sheriff merely gives the right to
seize the lands, and until the withdrawal, discharge or expiry of the writ,
the lands continue “bound” in that sense. The change which may subsequently be
made in “title and interest” is potential only, contingent upon the lands
being placed in execution by seizure with a view to sale as by law provided. I
am therefore of opinion in the case at bar, that the joint-tenancy was not
severed or destroyed by the filing of the writ of fi. fa., in the sheriff’s
office … [emphasis added]

75 Power v Grace (CA) could not apply directly to the Singapore context, given
the different statutory provisions. In this regard I agreed with Pang JC that
“the lesson to be drawn from [Power v Grace (CA)] is that, in order to
identify the time of severance, we need to understand what constitutes
execution or seizure under Singapore’s statutory framework” (Higgins at [95]).
Beyond this, I did not think Power v Grace (CA) was helpful to my analysis.

No permanent severance on registration of the WSS

76 In interpreting O 47 r 4 of the ROC, I found that severance did not occur
on registration of the WSS. I agreed with Tay JC in Malayan Banking (at
[17]–[18]) that various complications would arise if the contrary view were
taken:

17 … A WSS against land is an order of court granted ex parte but it is not an
order that must necessarily result in a sale. This is reinforced by the use of
the words “and thereafter, if necessary, to sell the said interest …” in Form
95E which is the direction to the sheriff/bailiff. The sale may be postponed
and subsequently abandoned because of the sale of any other property of the
judgment debtor (O 47 r 5(c)). There may be an appointment of a receiver of
the rents and profits or a receiver and manager of the immovable property “in
lieu of sale” (O 47 r 5(d)). The WSS may be withdrawn (O 47 r 9). Similarly,
registration of the WSS may be cancelled because it has lapsed (s 134 LTA) or
has been withdrawn (s 136 LTA).

18 Bearing in mind that any of the above contingencies could happen, it would
be creating a fine mess to hold that a WSS when registered severs a joint
tenancy. What would be the position of the co-owners in relation to each other
should the WSS subsequently be withdrawn or its registration lapse? Do they
revert to being joint tenants again? If the WSS is renewed or a second or
subsequent one issued, do the rights of the co-owners change once again? A
further argument against severance is that registration of the WSS (if it were
possible to do so) merely prevents transfers of interest by the joint tenant,
such that there is no severance of the joint tenancy until the Sheriff
transfers the judgment debtor’s interest to another person. In favour of this
is the fact that on the register, the judgment debtor remains a joint owner of
the property, and in terms of form, maintains the same interest as his co-
owner. For these reasons, I hold that registration of the WSS does not sever a
joint tenancy.

77 I observe that if, for instance, a non-debtor joint tenant decides to
purchase the “share” of the debtor joint tenant in order to avert a forced
sale by the sheriff, there would be no need for the sheriff to sell the
property and permanent severance would not occur.

78 What, then, is the position between registration of the WSS and sale?
Higgins proposed the doctrine of “temporary severance”. The key tenets of the
doctrine were summarised in Higgins as follows (at [99]):

(a) The registration of a WSS does not permanently sever the joint tenancy.

(b) Instead, a temporary severance is effected while the WSS remains in force,
during which period the four unities of a joint tenancy are suspended.

(c) If the WSS lapses or is withdrawn, the four unities are restored and the
joint tenancy comes back into existence.

(d) Permanent severance occurs only upon an out-and-out sale of the joint
tenant’s interest by the sheriff.

79 I accepted that some of the key tenets of the doctrine of temporary
suspension or severance would adequately fill the analytical gap in the
interim between registration of the WSS and permanent severance upon sale by
the sheriff.

80 Higgins proposed that upon eventual severance of the joint tenancy the
presumption, absent any evidence to the contrary, should be that the joint
tenants held the land in equal shares both at law and in equity (Higgins at
[118]). Higgins explained that the presumption was a sensible starting point
because no injustice would be caused to any joint tenant; mechanisms existed
for interested joint tenants to prove that their beneficial interests were not
held in equal shares. But if the concern is that of injustice, it is not
necessarily just to start with a presumption, which could work both ways
depending on whether the non-debtor joint tenant actually lays claim to more
or less than half of the property. Having the presumption may be an easy way
to resolve the apportionment but it may, in certain instances, result in
unfairness to the non-debtor joint tenant. In the absence of a presumption the
court has to find an equitable and fair evaluation to ascertain a just
apportionment. The burden is on the creditor or the sheriff to establish on
the evidence the proportion of the debtor’s interest/share in the joint
tenancy. If the creditor or the sheriff fails to adduce evidence to apportion
or quantify the debtor’s interest in the joint tenancy it may even be that the
remedy of forfeiture should not be granted, since the burden of proof has not
been discharged notwithstanding that this interest is exigible to the WSS.
This issue of apportionment is not directly relevant here and parties have not
fully argued on it. I shall leave it for another occasion where this issue
takes centre stage.

The Applicant’s allegations that he, his wife and his sisters had contributed
financially to the Property

81 The Applicant further alleged that there was a common intention
constructive trust and/or presumption of resulting trust in the Property. This
is because the Applicant alleged that he, his wife and two sisters had
financially contributed towards the purchase of the Property notwithstanding
that the Property was registered only in the names of the Applicant and his
wife as joint tenants. As a result of this allegation, the Applicant sought
prayer 2 in SUM 4299, which requires the court to make a declaration that the
beneficial owners of the Property are the Applicant, his wife and two sisters.

82 The Respondent argued that such an argument was self-defeating vis-à-vis
the main relief. If the Applicant is arguing for a common intention
constructive trust or resulting trust, then even if the court finds for the
Applicant on the main issue (ie, finds that a joint tenant’s interest is not
exigible to a WSS), such a trust means the joint tenancy has been severed in
equity into an implied tenancy in common in unequal shares proportioned to the
amount of the purchase price contributed by each co-owner. Therefore, the
Applicant’s distinct share in the tenancy in common remained exigible. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PS at paras 52–55.

83 In rebuttal, the Applicant cited ss 36(2), 46, 47 and 135(2)(b) of the LTA
to say that the Respondent was not entitled to go behind the land register.
The certificate of title from the Land Registry under the Torrens system was
conclusive evidence that the Applicant and his wife are joint tenants.

84 As I have mentioned above at [11], the Applicant, at the hearing of SUM
4299, withdrew prayer 2. Be that as it may, I shall give my views on this
matter regarding severance and apportionment of interest.

85 The Respondent was correct insofar as the presumption of resulting trust
may arise due to parties’ unequal contributions to the purchase price, to
affect the proportion of their entitlement to the proceeds. However, that
issue of apportionment becomes relevant only when there is severance (see
“Execution against Co-owned Property” at 57, set out immediately below), and
as I have held, permanent severance would occur only upon a sale of the joint
tenant’s interest by the sheriff:

… [S]everance into undivided shares is not a prerequisite for the issuance of
a writ of seizure and sale against a joint tenant's interest. He has an
interest, which can be converted into an undivided share by alienation, and
“for the purposes of alienation each is conceived as entitled to dispose of an
aliquot share”. The judgment creditor however does have to state clearly that
he is only taking the interest to which the joint tenant is entitled. Although
a joint tenant does not have an undivided share, yet when the property is
sold, the erstwhile joint tenants will be entitled to the proceeds equally
unless they were holding in trust for themselves as tenants in common in
undivided and unequal shares, perhaps proportionate to their contribution.
Unlike the situation in tenancies in common where the co-owners may own in
unequal shares, in the case of a joint tenancy when the issue of the precise
entitlement has to be particularised, for example, when there has been an
alienation by a joint tenant, it must be in equal shares, for prior to the
alienation each was entitled to the whole. If there are three joint tenants in
law and in equity, and one of them alienates his interest to a fourth party,
the alienee would get one third undivided share. … [emphasis added in italics
and bold italics]

86 The above was illustrated by Ong Boon Hwee, where Chan J held, after
deciding that a joint tenant (“Y”)’s interest was exigible to a WSS, that Y
had a beneficial interest in the property to be attached because the
presumption of advancement operated in Y’s favour (despite Y not having
contributed to the purchase price). For the purposes of SUM 4299 I only had to
be satisfied that the Applicant had some beneficial interest in the Property
and the Flat. This was, by his own account, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

LBH-2 at paras 17, 26.

satisfied.

Conclusion

87 In conclusion, I held that a joint tenant’s interest in land was exigible
to a WSS independently of severance. Accordingly, I dismissed SUM 4299 and
affirmed the Order. Costs to the Respondent were fixed at $7,000 and $500 for
SUM 4299 and SUM 3977 (which was withdrawn by consent) respectively.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Wong Soon Peng Adrian, Ang Leong Hao and Timothy Ng Xin Zhan (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the applicant in Summons Nos 4299/2019 and 3977/2019;  
Kelley Wong Kar Ee and Toh Kok Seng (Lee & Lee) for the respondent in Summons
Nos 4299/2019 and 3977/2019.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

