Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 32

Suit No 1060 of 2015

(Registrar’s Appeal Nos 345 and 346 of 2019)  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 10 of 2020)  
(Summons No 413 of 2020)

Between

1\. First Global Funds Limited PCC

2\. Weston International Asset Recovery Company Limited

3\. Weston International Asset Recovery Corporation, Inc

… Plaintiffs

And

1\. PT Bank JTrust Indonesia, TBK

(formerly known as PT Bank Mutiara TBK)

2\. J Trust Co, Ltd

3\. Weston Capital Advisors, Inc

… Defendants

JudGMENT

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Amendment]

[Civil Procedure] — [Costs]

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
First Global Funds Ltd PCC and others

  

v

  

PT Bank JTrust Indonesia, TBK and others

[2020] SGHC 32

High Court — Suit No 1060 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal Nos 345, 346 of 2019,
and 10 of 2020, Summons 413 of 2020)  
Choo Han Teck J  
8, 15 January, 3 February 2020

18 February 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first, second and third plaintiffs (respectively, “FGF”, “WIAR Limited”
and “WIAR Corporation”; collectively, the “Plaintiffs”) are companies
established in the Republic of Mauritius. The first defendant (“PT Bank”) is a
bank which is incorporated and does business in Indonesia. The second
defendant (“J Trust”) is a company listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in
Japan, where it has its principal place of business, and it owns 96.185% of
the shares in PT Bank. Weston Capital Advisors, Inc (“WCAI”) is a corporation
established under the laws of Delaware in the United States. It was originally
a plaintiff in Suit 1060 of 2015 (“Suit”), but has since been joined as the
third defendant on the application of the Plaintiffs.

2 In the Suit, the primary claims in the statement of claim (dated 22 June
2018) are as follows:

(a) FGF claims that PT Bank and J Trust are, pursuant to a judgment issued by
the Supreme Court of Mauritius on 29 May 2015 (“2015 Mauritian Judgment”),
liable to it for the sum of US$4,563,581 plus statutory interest at 8% per
annum. This claim is not pertinent for our present purposes.

(b) WIAR Limited claims that PT Bank and J Trust are, pursuant to the 2015
Mauritian Judgment, liable to it for the sum of US$8,176,821 plus statutory
interest at 8% per annum. WIAR Limited further claims that it is entitled to
penalty interest on the aforementioned sum calculated at 24.9% per annum. For
context, this claim, referred to as the “WestLB Enforcement Claim”,
essentially seeks to enforce the 2015 Mauritian Judgment insofar as it
concerns certain alleged repayment rights (the “WestLB Claim”) that an entity,
WestLB AG, had against PT Bank and which were assigned to WIAR Limited.

(c) WIAR Corporation claims that PT Bank and J Trust are, pursuant
respectively to a judgment issued by the Supreme Court of Mauritius on 15
February 2013 and the 2015 Mauritian Judgment, liable to it for the sum of
US$65,350,000, plus interest at 8% per annum and statutory interest at 8% per
annum. WIAR Corporation further claims that it is entitled to penalty interest
on the aforementioned sum calculated at 24.9% per annum.

(d) WCAI claims that PT Bank and J Trust are, pursuant respectively to another
judgment issued by the Supreme Court of Mauritius on 15 February 2013 and the
2015 Mauritian Judgment, liable to it for the sum of US$18,292,131 plus
interest at 8% per annum and statutory interest at 8% per annum, less
US$3,825,592.54 (on account of an alleged set-off) (“WCAI-related Claims”).

WIAR Limited and WIAR Corporation’s claims for penalty interest (referred to
in [2(b)-(c)] above) are hereinafter referred to as the “Penalty Interest
Claims”.

3 As an alternative to the primary claims above, FGF also claims that PT Bank
is liable to it in respect of certain unpaid share re-registration fees, share
transfer fees and reimbursable expenses. The Plaintiffs and WCAI further claim
that under Indonesian law, J Trust is a guarantor of all debts owing by PT
Bank (the “Guarantee Claim”).

4 On 17 June 2019, the Plaintiffs filed Summons No 3017 of 2019 (the
“Amendment Application”) to apply for leave to amend the statement of claim as
follows:

(a) In respect of the Guarantee Claim against J Trust, the Plaintiffs sought
to expand it to include three underlying claims (including the WestLB Claim)
against PT Bank, as well as clarify that the Guarantee Claim also arises by
virtue of J Trust’s acquisition (and not merely ownership) of PT Bank.

(b) In respect of the WCAI-related Claims, the Plaintiffs sought to reflect
WCAI’s change in status from plaintiff to third defendant (which PT Bank and J
Trust did not object to), and make various clarifications to the substantive
claims involved.

5 PT Bank and J Trust countered with Summons No 4229 of 2019 (the “Striking
Out Application”), in which they applied to strike out from the statement of
claim the Guarantee Claim, the WestLB Enforcement Claim, the WCAI-related
Claims, and the Penalty Interest Claims. The Amendment and Striking Out
Applications were heard before the same assistant registrar (“AR”). The AR
dismissed the former application, save for the amendments to which PT Bank and
J Trust did not object (see [4(b)] above), and allowed the latter application.
The AR also ordered that the Plaintiffs pay PT Bank and J Trust:

(a) the costs of the applications fixed at S$26,000 (plus reasonable
disbursements to be taxed, if not agreed); and

(b) the costs of the struck-out claims, fixed at S$4,500 in favour of PT Bank,
and S$19,500 in favour of J Trust (including S$15,000 in respect of the
Guarantee Claim), save that the costs of the WCAI-related Claims are to be
addressed at the conclusion of trial.

6 On 8 January 2020, I heard the following three appeals arising from the AR’s
decisions:

(a) Registrar’s Appeal No 345 of 2019 (“RA 345/2019”) is the Plaintiffs’
appeal against the AR’s decision in the Amendment Application;

(b) Registrar’s Appeal No 346 of 2019 (“RA 346/2019”) is the Plaintiffs’
appeal against the AR’s decision in the Striking Out Application; and

(c) Registrar’s Appeal No 10 of 2020 (“RA 10/2020”) is J Trust’s appeal
against the AR’s decision on costs for the Amendment and Striking Out
Applications.

7 I dismissed both RAs 345/2019 and 346/2019. As to RA 10/2020, I ordered that
costs here and below be reserved to the trial judge. I now give reasons for my
decisions. I begin by dealing with RAs 345/2019 and 346/2019 together. First,
in respect of the Guarantee Claim, I rejected the Plaintiffs’ Amendment
Application and allowed PT Bank and J Trust’s Striking Out Application. The
crux of the Guarantee Claim is that J Trust, as the controlling shareholder of
PT Bank, is under an obligation to guarantee all debts that PT Bank owes.
According to the Plaintiffs’ pleadings, this obligation is imposed by three
Indonesian laws – Lembaga Penjamin Simpanan Regulation No. 1/LPS/2014,
Otoritas Jasa Keuangan Regulation No. 56/POJK.03/2016 and Law No. 24 of 2004
of the Republic of Indonesia. In his submissions, Mr Suang Wijaya, counsel for
the Plaintiffs, referred to two further Indonesian laws – Law No. 40 of 2007
of the Republic of Indonesia, and Otoritas Jasa Keuangan Regulation No.
27/POJK.03/2016.

8 In support of their claim, the Plaintiffs relied on a report by their
Indonesian law expert, Mr Tony Budidjaja. Mr Wijaya submitted that a plausible
interpretation of the said report is that the Guarantee Claim has been made
out. Mr Yam Wern-Jhien, counsel for PT Bank and J Trust, submitted that Mr
Budidjaja’s report did not contain any conclusion to that effect. Mr Yam also
referred to a report by PT Bank and J Trust’s own Indonesian law expert, Mr
Andi Yusuf Kadir, to support his submission that the Guarantee Claim cannot be
maintained against J Trust under Indonesian law because the three underlying
claims against PT Bank are time-barred in any event.

9 I agree with Mr Yam and I do not see how any of the Indonesian laws
mentioned above had created any guarantee obligation. There was little
explanation by the Plaintiffs as to the nature of a guarantee under Indonesian
law, whether such a guarantee is founded in contract, statute or otherwise. In
fact, Mr Kadir’s report was more elucidating on this issue than Mr
Budidjaja’s. Mr Kadir gave evidence that under Indonesian law, a guarantee is
“ancillary to and dependent on the debtor’s primary obligation to perform”.
Even accepting that the Indonesian laws mentioned apply to J Trust, none of
them purports to impose a guarantee obligation on one party, which is
secondary to an identified primary obligation owed by another.

10 Importantly, the question of whether the various Indonesian laws created a
guarantee obligation was put squarely to Mr Budidjaja in his report. Although
he concluded that J Trust is bound by the said laws, there was no mention of
any guarantee obligation. This is unsurprising as the cited laws merely relate
to, inter alia:

(a) a requirement that an investor in an Indonesian commercial bank comply
with Indonesian banking laws relating to the ownership of, and holding of a
controlling stake in, such a bank;

(b) a commitment to tender for convertible bonds;

(c) a requirement that an Indonesian commercial bank submit a statement from
its shareholders stating their willingness to take “personal responsibility”
for certain negligent and/or unlawful acts;

(d) exceptions to the general rule that a company’s shareholder will not be
personally liable (beyond the value of its shares) for the company’s losses or
agreements the company has entered into; and

(e) a “commitment to [undertake] necessary actions” including the provision of
liquidity.

11 Even though the prospects would be as bleak, the Plaintiffs’ claim might
have been a little tenable had they, for example, simply pleaded that J Trust
was personally liable under the Indonesian laws cited, ie, Law No. 24 of 2004
and 40 of 2007 of the Republic of Indonesia. Instead, they chose to plead
specifically that J Trust owed a guarantee obligation. For the reasons above,
I found the Guarantee Claim to be legally unsustainable. That being the case,
it is unnecessary to deal individually with the three underlying claims that
the Plaintiffs sought to introduce.

12 I now turn to the WCAI-related Claims. As mentioned earlier, WCAI was
originally a plaintiff in the Suit. However, during the course of the Suit, a
United States court (pursuant to separate legal proceedings) ordered the
transfer of shares in WCAI to PT Bank. Subsequently, according to PT Bank and
J Trust, WCAI discharged its then-counsel Eugene Thuraisingam LLP, and
appointed NLC Law Asia LLC in its place. NLC Law Asia LLC was allegedly then
authorised by WCAI to file a Notice of Change of Solicitors (“NOC”), as well
as a Notice of Discontinuance (“NOD”) in respect of the WCAI-related claims in
the Suit, which it proceeded to do.

13 On 15 August 2018, the Plaintiffs filed Summons No 3741 of 2018 (“SUM
3741”), initially seeking to dispute WCAI’s ownership and NLC Law Asia LLC’s
authority to file the NOC and NOD, and to set aside the same. The Plaintiffs
also applied for leave for Mr Sheik Mohammad Jabir Udhin, the purported
director of WCAI, to intervene. At the hearing of SUM 3741, however, the
Plaintiffs amended their application to request for leave to join WCAI as the
third defendant to the Suit, which application the court granted.

14 Returning to RAs 345/2019 and 346/2019, Mr Yam submitted that the NOC and
NOD filed by WCAI remained in effect, and therefore, the WCAI-related Claims
against PT Bank and J Trust were no longer in issue. He further submitted that
the Plaintiffs had no standing to pursue the said claims on behalf of WCAI. Mr
Wijaya’s response relied on the court’s order in SUM 3741. According to Mr
Wijaya, the court in SUM 3741 was reluctant to decide the complex issue of
WCAI’s ownership at an interlocutory stage. Instead, Mr Wijaya submitted that
the court had allowed the joinder of WCAI as a defendant with the intention
that the Plaintiffs could still pursue the WCAI-related Claims and have them
adjudicated upon in the Suit, and that WCAI would be bound by any eventual
judgment. Mr Yam denied this insofar as the WCAI-related Claims were
concerned.

15 It appears clear to me upon reading the minutes of the hearing of SUM 3741
before Coomaraswamy J that counsel for the Plaintiffs had applied for WCAI to
be joined as a defendant and the court granted the application. What is also
clear to all but the Plaintiffs, is that after a party has been joined as a
defendant, the statement of claim must be amended to plead the claim against
the new defendant. It is patently obvious that a defendant must know what he
is defending, and how he is to do so. That is impossible if he does not know
what claim is made against him.

16 At the time of the hearing of the present appeals, however, the Plaintiffs
had not amended the pleadings to state their claim against WCAI. The affidavit
of Mr Udhin (dated 17 June 2019) states that the Plaintiffs are unable to
litigate the issue of WCAI’s ownership in the Suit because the relevant
circumstances post-date the issuance of the writ. Even so, the Plaintiffs were
at liberty at all material times post the issuance of the writ in this Suit to
file a fresh action in respect of the said issue, and seek consolidation of
that action with this Suit. Yet, there was no indication that the Plaintiffs
had done so, or intended to do so. The Plaintiffs failed to show any other
basis for having WCAI as a defendant to the Suit, there being no claims by the
Plaintiffs against it. As it stands, the Plaintiffs have no locus standi to
pursue the claims, if any, that WCAI might have when it was a plaintiff. I am
therefore of the view that the Plaintiffs’ pursuit of the WCAI-related Claims
are legally unsustainable on the face of the pleadings, and that the said
claims were properly struck out by the AR below.

17 Next, I turn to the WestLB Enforcement Claim. The claim seeks to enforce
the 2015 Mauritian Judgment, which was issued in respect of the WestLB Claim
in favour of WIAR Limited against PT Bank and J Trust. In submissions, Mr Yam
highlighted that another judgment had already been issued earlier by the
Supreme Court of Indonesia in respect of the same claim on 19 November 2014
(“2014 Indonesian Judgment”) in favour of PT Bank against WestLB AG and its
successors and assigns (ie, WIAR Limited). Relying on the High Court decision
in Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) v PT Humpuss
Intermoda Transportasi TBK and another [2016] 5 SLR 1322 (“Humpuss”), Mr Yam
submitted that the two judgments were in conflict in respect of the WestLB
Claim, and that the earlier one should be recognised to the exclusion of the
other. Mr Wijaya submitted that Singapore law on this issue is not settled,
and that this uncertainty means that there is a possibility that the court may
disagree with Mr Yam, which in turn means that the Plaintiffs’ claims are
legally sustainable.

18 I agree with the position taken by the High Court in Humpuss (at [73]) —
namely that a foreign judgment will not generally be given effect if it
conflicts with an earlier foreign judgment recognised under the private
international law of the forum. In fact, in Summons No 5284 of 2017, the AR
hearing the application had already found that WIAR Limited was estopped from
suing PT Bank in respect of the WestLB Claim as the 2014 Indonesian Judgment
was a final and conclusive judgment on the merits. This decision was upheld by
the High Court on appeal. I therefore found the WestLB Enforcement Claim to be
legally unsustainable as against PT Bank.

19 As to J Trust, there was some confusion as to what WIAR Limited was
claiming against it, and what its defence was. Besides the WestLB Enforcement
Claim, WIAR Limited also sought to amend the pleadings to claim that J Trust
guaranteed PT Bank’s liability for the underlying WestLB Claim (ie, this is
part of the Guarantee Claim discussed above). J Trust’s defence was that since
PT Bank is not liable for the underlying WestLB Claim in light of the 2014
Indonesian Judgment, there is therefore nothing for J Trust to guarantee.
Counsel for WIAR Limited, Mr Wijaya, submitted that this argument relating to
the Guarantee Claim fails because J Trust was not a party to the earlier 2014
Indonesian Judgment, and therefore cannot rely on it to invoke the doctrine of
res judicata. The parties were arguing at cross-purposes in that J Trust’s
defence only addressed the Guarantee Claim, and Mr Wijaya’s submission on the
inapplicability of res judicata went to the WestLB Enforcement Claim, rather
than the Guarantee Claim.

20 Importantly, Mr Wijaya’s submission seems to conflate the issue of the
recognition of a foreign judgment with that of res judicata. As explained in
Humpuss (at [65]), “Recognition of a foreign judgment is a necessary
prerequisite for it to be res judicata...” The pertinent rule relating to the
recognition of the 2015 Mauritian Judgment has already been stated at [18]
above. Given that the 2015 Mauritian Judgment concerns the very same WestLB
Claim as the 2014 Indonesian Judgment, the two are plainly in conflict and the
earlier is to be recognised to the exclusion of the other. I thus considered
the WestLB Enforcement Claim to also be legally unsustainable against J Trust.

21 Finally, I also upheld the AR’s decision to strike out WIAR Limited and
WIAR Corporation’s Penalty Interest Claims. Having already found the former’s
WestLB Enforcement Claim to be legally unsustainable, its claim for penalty
interest in respect of the same cannot succeed.

22 As to WIAR Corporation’s Penalty Interest Claim, the Plaintiffs alleged in
its pleadings that the basis for it was to be found in the constitution of
WIAR Limited. However, the Plaintiffs offered little by way of explanation as
to how PT Bank and J Trust purportedly became bound by WIAR Limited’s
constitution. Indeed, when questioned precisely on this issue by the
defendants in a request for further and better particulars, the Plaintiffs’
perplexing reply was that PT Bank had executed various share transfer forms to
acquire shares in FGF, and it had thereby agreed to be bound by FGF’s
constitution. Suffice to say, this did not address the said issue at all. At
the hearing before the AR below, and again at the hearing before me, counsel
for the Plaintiffs still had no answer. I thus found the Penalty Interest
Claim by WIAR Corporation against PT Bank and J Trust to be without any basis
in fact and in law.

23 Turning to RA 10/2020, J Trust appealed against the AR’s decision to fix
its costs of the struck-out Guarantee Claim at S$15,000 (which sum was to be
paid by the Plaintiffs). Mr Yam submitted that such costs be fixed at S$50,000
instead. In my view, the trial judge should be given the flexibility of
deciding the appropriate costs order when the full case is heard. I therefore
varied the AR’s order (see [5] above) such that costs here and below are
reserved to the trial judge.

24 Subsequent to the above, the Plaintiffs filed Summons No 413 of 2020 for
leave to appeal my decision in RA 345/2019 on the basis that it involved a
prima facie case of error, a question of general principle decided for the
first time, and/or a question of importance regarding which further argument
and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.
Specifically, Mr Wijaya argued that this court had erred in:

(a) disallowing the introduction of the three underlying debts into the
Guarantee Claim on the basis that they are time-barred;

(b) disallowing the clarification set out in [4(a)], as the Plaintiffs have
consistently taken the position that there is no pleaded distinction between J
Trust’s ownership of shares in PT Bank, and its acquisition of the same; and

(c) deciding that the court’s order in SUM 3741 meant that the WCAI-related
Claims are no longer in issue, and disallowing the Plaintiffs from pursuing
the same.

25 In response, Mr Yam submitted that the Plaintiffs had failed to even
explain how my decision in RA 345/2019 involved an error or a question of the
nature described in [24] above. Given that as a threshold issue, the
Indonesian laws relied upon disclose no guarantee obligation, Mr Wijaya’s
first two points can easily be disposed of. More generally, Mr Wijaya
essentially repeated the same arguments that were raised at the hearing of RA
345/2019, without identifying how any of the grounds in [24] above are made
out. In fairness, the Plaintiffs did not have the benefit of reading my
grounds of decision in RAs 345/2019 and 346/2019 above at the time of the
hearing of Summons No 413 of 2020. I am not satisfied that the threshold for
granting leave to appeal has been met. As such, I dismiss the application. I
will hear parties on the issue of costs arising from this application at a
later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Suang Wijaya, Hamza Malik, and Lock Zhi Yong (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the
first, second and third plaintiffs;  
Yam Wern-Jhien, Ong Tun Wei Danny and Bethel Chan (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for the first and second defendants, and mentioning for the third defendant;  
Clara Tung Yi Lin (instructed) watching brief for Linklaters Singapore Pte
Ltd.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

