Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 214

Suit No 758 of 2017

Between

(1)| Ng Tang Hock  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Teelek Realty Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Chew Kar Lay  
(3)| Ng Pei Ling Shirlyn  
(4)| Ng Jin Ping Eugene  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Limitation]

[Companies] — [Accounts]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Appointment]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Loans]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Meetings]

[Companies] — [Oppression]

[Companies] — [Shares] — [Transfer]

[Debt and Recovery] — [Acknowledgement of debt]

[Equity] — [Estoppel] — [Promissory estoppel]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Trusts] — [Express trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Tang Hock

  

v

  

Teelek Realty Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC 214

High Court — Suit No 758 of 2017  
Chua Lee Ming J  
25–28 February, 3–6, 19, 20 March, 5 June 2020

8 October 2020

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 All of the claims in this action related to the first defendant, Teelek
Realty Pte Ltd (“Teelek Realty”). The plaintiff, Mr Ng Tang Hock, holds 50% of
the shares in Teelek Realty. The second defendant, Mdm Chew Kar Lay (“Wendy”),
the third defendant, Ms Ng Pei Ling Shirlyn (“Shirlyn”) and the fourth
defendant, Ng Jin Ping Eugene (“Eugene”), together hold the remaining 50% of
the shares in Teelek Realty. Wendy was married to the plaintiff; they divorced
in 2012. Shirlyn and Eugene are their children.

2 The plaintiff’s main claims were against Teelek Realty for the repayment of
loans, and against Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene for oppression in relation to the
affairs of Teelek Realty. In their counterclaims, Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene
claimed that the plaintiff held his shares in Teelek Realty on trust for
Shirlyn and Eugene in equal shares and sought the transfer of those shares to
them.

3 Although I dismissed the plaintiff’s claim against Teelek Realty for the
repayment of loans, I found largely in favour of the plaintiff in respect of
his other claims. In particular, I found that he had succeeded in his
oppression claim and I ordered that Teelek Realty be wound up. I dismissed the
counterclaims by Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene. All four defendants have appealed
against my decision save for those parts of my decision where I made findings
against the plaintiff.

Background

4 The plaintiff is a successful self-made businessman. His first wife passed
away in 1989, leaving behind two children, Ng Jin Xiang Kevin (“Kevin”) who
was born in 1986 and Ng Pei Xia Jeanette (“Jeanette”) who was born in 1988.

5 The plaintiff came to know Wendy in 1989 and she was employed as an accounts
assistant in two of the plaintiff’s then companies, Ti-Lek Trading and Ti-Lek
Petroleum Pte Ltd, in 1990. The former was in the business of ship-chandling
and the latter owned a tanker vessel used for the supply of oil to Thai
fishing vessels. The plaintiff was the owner of both companies.

6 The plaintiff and Wendy started a relationship in 1990 and Shirlyn was born
in 1993, followed by Eugene in 1995. The plaintiff and Wendy were married on
21 June 1995, after Eugene was born.

7 Teelek Realty was incorporated in Singapore on 22 May 1996 as an investment
holding company. It holds commercial and residential properties. At inception,
the plaintiff and Wendy each held 50% of the shares in the company and both
were also directors of the company.

8 The plaintiff’s businesses were successful and grew over time, eventually
comprising two groups of companies. The first was a group of 12 Panamian
companies that owned a total of 12 oil tankers (“the Panama Companies”). The
second was a group of companies that supported the operations of the oil
tankers (“the Teelek Companies”).

9 The plaintiff alleged that sometime in March 2006, he discovered that Wendy
had a relationship with another man (one “Eric”) and woman (one “Carol”), each
of whom had his/her own spouse. Wendy denied this; according to her, Eric and
Carol were having an affair with each other only. The plaintiff claimed that
he forgave Wendy for the sake of the children.

10 In any event, the marriage did not work out and sometime in 2011, the
plaintiff and Wendy started to talk about divorce and the division of
matrimonial assets.

11 On 11 September 2011, Wendy left the matrimonial home with Shirlyn and
Eugene.

12 The plaintiff and Wendy then effected the division of some of the
matrimonial assets.

(a) On 13 September 2011, the plaintiff transferred his shares in a company
called Mingsen Link Limited (“Mingsen”) to Wendy and ceased to be a director
of Mingsen. The plaintiff described Mingsen as the ‘cash cow’ of the bulk of
the entire revenue earned from [his] offshore shipping operations”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), at para 25.

Mingsen then held: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, at para 26.

(i) fixed deposits of US$22,580,000 and RMB44,815,716.26 with Standard
Chartered Bank in Hong Kong, both maturing on 17 November 2011; and

(ii) US$13,505,608.73 with HSBC Private Bank Hong Kong.

(b) The plaintiff also gave Wendy sole control of an account with Citibank,
N.A. London Branch, which held more than £1.3m. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, at para 27.

The plaintiff claimed that this amount was meant for Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene
but Wendy claimed that it was given to her alone.

(c) The plaintiff retained ownership of the Panama Companies and the Teelek
Companies.

13 The plaintiff had made a number of loans to Teelek Realty over the years.
As of 15 August 2011, the total amount of the loans from the plaintiff to
Teelek Realty stood at $12,564,000 (“the Loans”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Bundle vol 4 (“4 AB”) at p 26.

On 1 October 2011, Wendy caused the Loans to be reclassified in Teelek
Realty’s general ledger as loans owing by Teelek Realty to her instead of to
the plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

4 AB 27.

Wendy claimed that the plaintiff agreed to “waive his claim to [the Loans] in
favour of [her]”; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5) of the 1st and 2nd Defendants
(“D1/D2’s D&CC”), at para 15B(d).

the plaintiff disputed this.

14 On 9 November 2011, the plaintiff incorporated a company called Goodtree
Investment Pte Ltd (“Goodtree”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1 AB 171–173.

The plaintiff held 40% of the shares in Goodtree while Kevin and Jeanette each
held 30%. All three of them were appointed as directors of Goodtree.

15 On or about 10 November 2011, the plaintiff discovered that Wendy had been
having an affair with one Mr Jason Chai Eng Yeow (“Jason Chai”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

29 AB 10–13.

16 On 12 November 2011, the plaintiff met with Shirlyn and Eugene at West
Coast Plaza (“the West Coast Plaza meeting”) because Shirlyn and Eugene were
asking for their maintenance. At the meeting, the plaintiff wrote a note
stating that he still owed Shirlyn and Eugene $8,000. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, at p 819.

The plaintiff also spoke about Wendy’s affair with Jason Chai. Eugene threw a
chair to the right of the plaintiff. According to Eugene, he did so because he
became angry when the plaintiff said that he did not want to see Shirlyn and
him again. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notes of Evidence, (“NE”), 4 March 2020, at 36:22–37:9.

The plaintiff denied saying this.

17 On 14 November 2011, Wendy filed for divorce (“the divorce proceedings”).
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1 AB 97–114.

18 On 25 November 2011, Goodtree entered into a sale and purchase agreement to
buy two units at 192 Pandan Loop, Pantech Business Hub, Singapore (“the
Pantech Properties”) from Teelek Realty for $2.8m. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

3 AB 204; Wendy’s AEIC, at para 25.

The sale was completed in January 2012 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

3 AB 208, at para (e).

and titles to the Pantech Properties were transferred to Goodtree on 27
January 2012.

19 On 3 January 2012, an interim judgment dissolving the marriage was granted
in the divorce proceedings. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1 AB 118–119.

20 On 29 May 2012, Goodtree entered into a sale and purchase agreement to buy
one unit at 11 Collyer Quay, The Arcade, Singapore (“the Arcade Property”)
from Teelek Realty for $15m. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

3 AB 239–242.

The sale was completed on 24 July 2012 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

3 AB 254, 260 and 262.

and title to the Arcade Property was transferred to Goodtree on 2 August 2012.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

3 AB 274.

21 It was not disputed that Goodtree purchased the Pantech Properties and the
Arcade Property at market value.

22 On 1 August 2012, a consent ancillaries order was made in the divorce
proceedings (“the Ancillaries Order”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1 AB 126–131.

In summary, the Ancillaries Order provided as follows:

(a) The plaintiff and Wendy had joint custody of Shirlyn and Eugene but Wendy
had care and control with reasonable access to the plaintiff. The plaintiff
agreed to pay Shirlyn and Eugene each a monthly maintenance of $2,500.

(b) Jointly owned properties were divided as follows:

(i) A house at South Buona Vista Road and a Housing and Development Board shop
unit at Jurong East Street 31 went to the plaintiff.

(ii) An apartment at Park Infinia at 2 Lincoln Road, and two apartments at
Dorsett Residences at 331 New Bridge Road, went to Wendy.

(c) Wendy retained ownership of an apartment at The Centris at 71 Jurong West
Central 3, which was registered in her name.

(d) The plaintiff was to transfer $1,688,050 from his Central Provident Fund
(“CPF”) account to Wendy.

(e) Wendy retained a joint account with Standard Chartered Bank.

(f) The Ancillaries Order was in “full and final settlement of [Wendy’s] claim
for division of matrimonial assets and maintenance”.

(g) Wendy and the plaintiff “shall henceforth retain all other assets in their
names” (para 13 of the Ancillaries Order).

23 On 7 August 2012, the plaintiff resigned as a director of Teelek Realty and
Shirlyn was appointed as a director in his place.

24 On 21 August 2012, the dissolution of the plaintiff’s marriage to Wendy was
made final. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1 AB 132–133.

25 On 1 September 2014, Eugene was appointed as a director of Teelek Realty.

26 In July 2015, Wendy transferred one share in Teelek Realty to each of
Shirlyn and Eugene. The share transfer forms were undated; the Board of
Directors of Teelek Realty (comprising Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene) approved the
transfers on 28 July 2015. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1 AB 217, 221–222.

It was not disputed that the transfers were in breach of Teelek Realty’s
Articles of Association (“Articles”) under which the plaintiff had a right of
first refusal.

27 A notice of Teelek Realty’s 20th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) was issued
on 26 May 2017. The meeting was held on 12 June 2017; the plaintiff attended
the meeting through his proxy. The meeting was adjourned without any
resolution being voted on. A subsequent notice dated 3 August 2017 was issued
for the adjourned meeting to be held on 22 August 2017. This notice included a
new proposed resolution to authorise Teelek Realty’s directors to allot and
issue shares (“Resolution 6”).

28 The plaintiff objected to Resolution 6 because it was not proposed or
considered at the meeting held on 12 June 2017. The defendants refused to
remove Resolution 6 from the agenda for the adjourned meeting.

29 On 17 August 2017, the plaintiff commenced the present action. The
plaintiff also applied for an injunction (vide HC/SUM 3757/2017) to restrain
the defendants (pending the determination of this action) from, among other
things,

(a) holding any meeting at which the plaintiff was not present; and/or

(b) holding any meeting for the purposes of considering and passing
resolutions to alter the share capital of Teelek Realty.

30 On 21 August 2017, a consent order was recorded under which the adjourned
20th AGM was adjourned to a date after the plaintiff’s application for an
injunction had been heard.

31 On 6 October 2017, I heard the plaintiff’s application for an injunction. I
ordered that, pending the determination of this action, the defendants be
restrained from:

(a) holding the adjourned 20th AGM with an agenda that was different from that
set out in the notice of the 20th AGM dated 26 May 2017; and

(b) recognising Shirlyn and Eugene as shareholders of Teelek Realty.

32 The 20th AGM was eventually held on 7 November 2017 based on the same
agenda as that set out in the notice dated 26 May 2017.

The claims and counterclaims

33 The plaintiff’s claims were for the following:

(a) repayment of the Loans (amounting to $12,564,000) by Wendy to Teelek
Realty, and by Teelek Realty to him thereafter;

(b) cancellation of the transfers of shares in Teelek Realty by Wendy to
Shirlyn and Eugene;

(c) striking off of Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene as directors of Teelek Realty;
and

(d) oppression in relation to the conduct of Teelek Realty’s affairs.

34 In their counterclaims, Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene alleged that the
plaintiff held his shares in Teelek Realty on trust for Shirlyn and Eugene,
and sought the transfer of those shares to Shirlyn and Eugene. The plaintiff
denied any such trust.

Plaintiff’s claim for repayment of the Loans

35 The Loans comprised several loans that the plaintiff had made to Teelek
Realty up to 15 August 2011, in his capacity as a director of Teelek Realty.
Although the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC”) stated the amount of
the Loans as “not less than S$11,546,000.00”, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC”), at para 16.

it was not disputed that the total amount of the Loans was $12,564,000, as
reflected in Teelek Realty’s general ledger. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

4 AB 26.

36 Teelek Realty and Wendy claimed that:

(a) the Loans were time-barred; and/or

(b) the plaintiff had waived the Loans in favour of Wendy.

Whether the Loans were time-barred

37 The Loans were interest-free and unsecured. There were no repayment terms.
In the circumstances, time under the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)
(“Limitation Act”) began to run from the date of each of the loans: Hong Guet
Eng v Wu Wai Hong (liquidator of Xiang Man Lou Food Court Pte Ltd) [2006] 2
SLR(R) 458 at [4]. The last loan was made on 15 August 2011. Since the writ in
the present action was filed on 17 August 2017, the Loans were time-barred
under s 6(1) of the Limitation Act, unless there was a fresh accrual of action
within six years of the filing of the writ in the present action.

38 The plaintiff relied on s 26(2) of the Limitation Act under which the right
of action to recover a debt shall be deemed to have accrued on the date of an
acknowledgment of the claim. He contended that the following constituted
acknowledgments of his right to recover the Loans: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 8) of the 1st and 2nd
Defendants’ Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 5), at para 29(e).

(a) Teelek Realty’s general ledger, stating “Loan Fm Director – Mr Ng”, which
was disclosed in Teelek Realty’s and Wendy’s Supplementary List of Documents
dated 16 April 2018. The Supplementary List and the affidavit verifying the
same were sent to the plaintiff through his solicitors.

(b) Teelek Realty’s general ledger, stating “Loan Fm Director – Mr Ng”, which
was disclosed in Teelek Realty’s and Wendy’s second Supplementary List of
Documents dated 23 November 2018. The second Supplementary List and the
affidavit verifying the same were sent to the plaintiff through his
solicitors.

(c) Paragraphs 30, 31, 34 and 35 of Wendy’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief
(“AEIC”) dated 31 October 2018 and paragraphs 28, 29 and 30 of her
Supplementary AEIC (“SAEIC”) dated 13 December 2019.

(d) The execution, filing and/or service of Wendy’s AEIC and SAEIC on or after
31 October 2018 and 13 December 2019 respectively.

Teelek Realty’s general ledger

39 Section 27 of the Limitation Act sets out the formal provisions as to an
acknowledgment of debt. It requires an acknowledgment of debt to be:

(a) in writing and signed by the person making the acknowledgment or his
agent; and

(b) made to the person whose claim is being acknowledged or his agent.

40 Teelek Realty’s general ledger, in and of itself, did not constitute an
acknowledgement of debt since it was neither signed by Teelek Realty or its
agent, nor made to the plaintiff or his agent.

41 However, the plaintiff submitted that s 27 of the Limitation Act was
satisfied because the general ledger was disclosed to the plaintiff through
Teelek Realty’s Supplementary Lists of Documents dated 16 April 2018 and 23
November 2018, and the Lists were verified by affidavits signed by Wendy on
behalf of Teelek Realty. The plaintiff relied on Chuan & Company Pte Ltd v Ong
Soon Huat [2003] 2 SLR(R) 205 (“Chuan & Co”) in which the Court of Appeal held
(at [17]) that “if an affidavit, though by its terms not addressed to the
creditor, is nevertheless sent by the debtor to the creditor, that could
amount to an effective acknowledgment of the debt”.

42 I disagreed with the plaintiff. In my view, the disclosures of the general
ledger did not constitute acknowledgments of the plaintiff’s Loans for the
purposes of ss 26 and 27 of the Limitation Act.

43 First, Chuan & Co also held (at [16]) that delivery by compulsion of an
order of court does not suffice to constitute an acknowledgment; there must be
some intention to convey the contents of the document to the creditor or his
agent. An acknowledgment of debt must stem from a voluntary desire to admit
such a debt: Murakami Takako (executrix of the estate of Takashi Murakami
Suroso, deceased) v Wiryadi Louise Maria and others [2007] 4 SLR(R) 565
(“Murakami”) at [36]. Disclosure of the general ledger, accompanied by an
affidavit verifying the List of Documents, was part of the discovery process
mandated by the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). It was as
much a disclosure by compulsion as one made pursuant to an order of court.
Such a disclosure did not embody the intention to convey the contents of the
general ledger to the plaintiff. Neither did it stem from a voluntary desire
to admit the debt.

44 Second, a document which refers to the alleged debt for the sake of denying
its validity cannot be a good acknowledgment: Andrew McGee, Limitation Periods
(Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2018) at paras 18.027–18.028; Murakami at [36]–[38],
citing In re Flynn, decd (No 2) [1969] 2 Ch 403. It could not be disputed that
in the present action, Teelek Realty had denied liability for the Loans.
Disclosure of the general ledger in the face of Teelek Realty’s denial of
liability could not constitute a good acknowledgment of the plaintiff’s claim
for the Loans.

Wendy’s AEIC and SAEIC

45 As for Wendy’s AEIC, the relevant paragraphs stated as follows:

30 On 15th August 2011, a further sum of S$900,000 was lent to the 1st
defendant. Like the earlier loans, there was no discussion as to the terms
upon which this loan was made.

31 Although the S$11m Loan and the S$900,000 loan aforesaid were listed in the
1st defendant’s accounts as from the plaintiff, they in fact came from the
Teelek Group of Companies, of which I have a half share.

…

34 While I now understand that to properly effect the [waiver of the Loans in
my favour], there should have been a deed of waiver or novation signed by all
parties, this was not done back in 2011 or 2012.

35 Further, I also understand that although the waiver of the loans by the
plaintiff in my favour were recorded in the accounts of the 1st defendant, the
proper double entries were not done. …

46 The relevant paragraphs in Wendy’s SAEIC stated as follows:

28 In paragraph 18(j) of his [statement of claim], the plaintiff said that the
1st defendant had reclassified this S$11m Loan to my account with the 1st
defendant. This is correct.

29 I gave instructions to do so as the plaintiff … had agreed to give up his
claims for all monies owed to him by the 1st defendant and to transfer such
loans to me. …

30 This is confirmed by the plaintiff when he signed an audit confirmation on
12th July 2012. In the said audit confirmation, the plaintiff acknowledged
that no money was due from the 1st defendant to him. I also signed another
audit confirmation the same day confirming that the sum was due to me.

47 In my view, Wendy’s AEIC and SAEIC also did not constitute acknowledgments
of the plaintiff’s claim for the Loans for purposes of ss 26 and 27 of the
Limitation Act. As stated earlier, Teelek Realty had denied liability for the
Loans. The references to the Loans in Wendy’s AEIC and SAEIC were simply part
of her evidence in denying Teelek Realty’s liability.

Whether the plaintiff had waived the Loans in favour of Wendy

48 On 1 October 2011, the Loans were reclassified in Teelek Realty’s ledgers
as loans owing by Teelek Realty to Wendy, instead of to the plaintiff. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

4 AB 27.

Teelek Realty and Wendy claimed that the plaintiff had agreed, in September
2011, to waive the Loans in favour of Wendy. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

D1/D2’s D&CC, at paras 15B(d) and 15C(a).

The plaintiff disputed this.

49 Teelek Realty and Wendy bore the burden of proving that the plaintiff had
waived the Loans in favour of Wendy. I found that they failed to discharge
this burden. Wendy was not a credible witness and I disbelieved her claim that
the plaintiff agreed to waive the loans in her favour in September 2011. I
found that Wendy had wrongfully reclassified the Loans as loans owing to her.

50 First, there was no contemporaneous document supporting the
reclassification of the Loans. On 1 October 2011, the Loans simply appeared in
the general ledger as a loan from Wendy to Teelek Realty. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

4 AB 27.

Wendy explained that the proper double entries (ie, reducing the loans owing
to the plaintiff to zero, and crediting the amount of the loans to Wendy’s
director’s loan account) were not made because Teelek Realty changed its
accounting software and stopped using the previous software (Oracle) at the
end of September 2011. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Wendy’s AEIC, at para 35.

Clearly, Wendy’s explanation was weak. The proper double entries could have
been made using the new accounting software.

51 Second, right up until the time that Wendy took the stand, Teelek Realty’s
and Wendy’s joint Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) pleaded as
follows: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Teelek Realty’s and Wendy’s D&CC (Amendment No 4), at paras 15B and 15C.

(a) The plaintiff agreed to the following terms (“the Trust Agreement”):

(i) to hold his shares in Teelek Realty on trust for Shirlyn and Eugene
equally;

(ii) to transfer his shares to Shirlyn and Eugene “when they are of majority
age or alternatively when they are mature enough”;

(iii) to give up his control of Teelek Realty; and

(iv) to “waive his claim to all monies owed to him by [Teelek Realty]”.

(b) The Trust Agreement was entered into in the course of various
conversations between September 2011 and April 2012 and the “key terms of the
Trust Agreement” set out in (a) above were reached “during a conversation that
took place sometime in April 2012”.

52 Although the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) did not plead that
the Loans were waived in Wendy’s favour, it was clear from Wendy’s AEIC that
this was what she meant. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Wendy’s AEIC, at para 23(b).

The Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) was subsequently amended to
expressly plead that the Loans were waived in Wendy’s favour. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

D1/D2’s D&CC, at para 15B(d).

53 Under cross-examination, Wendy confirmed more than once that the agreement
to waive the Loans in her favour was reached in April 2012. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 99:17–21, 100:6–10 and 18–22.

However, it was not disputed that she had reclassified the Loans in the
general ledger as loans given by her, much earlier on 1 October 2011. When
questioned about the inconsistency, Wendy could not explain why she had
reclassified the Loans on 1 October 2011 and gave answers that were not
responsive. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 109:22–110:23.

She then changed her evidence to first claim that the agreement to waive the
Loans in her favour took place between September 2011 and April 2012, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 111:3–19.

before finally claiming that the agreement took place in September 2011. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 112:22–113:8.

54 As a result of Wendy’s oral testimony, Teelek Realty and Wendy applied to
amend their defence and counterclaim to plead that the agreement to waive the
Loans in Wendy’s favour took place in September 2011, and that the agreement
relating to the plaintiff’s shares in and control of Teelek Realty
([51(a)(i)]–[51(a)(iii)] above) was reached in November 2011. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

D1/D2’s D&CC, at para 15C.

The application was made after all the factual witnesses had given evidence
but I granted the application as I saw no prejudice to the plaintiff in doing
so.

55 I rejected Teelek Realty’s and Wendy’s claim that the plaintiff had waived
the Loans in Wendy’s favour. In my view, this claim was nothing more than a
concoction by Wendy. Teelek Realty’s and Wendy’s pleaded case, up to the time
that Wendy took the stand, was that the agreement to waive the Loans in her
favour was reached in April 2012. On the stand, Wendy was initially firm in
her evidence that this was the case. It was only when she was confronted with
the fact that the reclassification of the Loans had taken place on 1 October
2011 that she changed her evidence and alleged with surprising clarity that
the agreement to waive the Loans in her favour was reached in September 2011.
It was clear that Wendy changed her evidence only because she was otherwise
unable to explain why she had reclassified the Loans on 1 October 2011. I
found Wendy’s evidence on the alleged agreement lacking in credibility.

56 Teelek Realty and Wendy also relied on audit confirmations signed by the
plaintiff and Wendy on 12 July 2012. The audit confirmation signed by the
plaintiff confirmed that as of 31 December 2011, nothing was due to him from
Teelek Realty and vice versa. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

30 AB 162.

The audit confirmation signed by Wendy confirmed that $12,564,950 (inclusive
of $950 in petty cash) was due to her from Teelek Realty. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

30 AB 161.

57 The plaintiff did not dispute signing his audit confirmation. However, the
audit confirmation signed by the plaintiff only evidenced his intention to
waive the Loans as between him and Teelek Realty; it was not evidence of an
intention to waive the Loans in Wendy’s favour. Wendy claimed that the
plaintiff was aware of the audit confirmation signed by her. In her oral
testimony, she alleged that Teelek Realty’s auditor had sent both audit
confirmations to the plaintiff and that she had signed her audit confirmation
in the plaintiff’s presence when she met with him at the car park. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE, 3 March 2020, at 74:22–75:7; 76:10–20.

I rejected Wendy’s evidence. There was no reason for the auditor to send
Wendy’s audit confirmation to the plaintiff. There was also no independent
evidence to show that her audit confirmation was sent to the plaintiff; the
auditor was not called to give evidence. Further, Wendy’s allegation was not
in her AEIC although it was obviously an important piece of evidence.

58 For completeness, I should add that the plaintiff claimed that he had
signed his audit confirmation because he thought that the audit confirmation
simply reflected the fact that he had not made a demand for repayment yet. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE, 25 February 2020, at 49:9–50:13.

I did not accept his explanation. His explanation was not convincing
especially since he had signed audit confirmations for 2010 and 2011, each of
which reflected the amount owing by Teelek Realty to him even though he had
not made any demand for repayment. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

30 AB 127 and 131.

59 Teelek Realty and Wendy next relied on the fact that the plaintiff had not
objected to Teelek Realty’s accounts for FY2012 and FY2013, which showed
amounts owing to “a director”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

2 AB 171 and 212

Teelek Realty and Wendy argued that since the plaintiff had resigned as a
director of Teelek Realty on 7 August 2012, he would have known that the
amounts owing to directors had to be amounts owing to Wendy. In my view, these
accounts were not sufficient to prove that the plaintiff had waived the Loans
in favour of Wendy. The fact that the accounts did not reflect any loans owed
to the plaintiff as a shareholder was consistent with the plaintiff’s audit
confirmation dated 12 July 2012.

Claim against Wendy for repayment of the sum of $12,564,000

60 Wendy subsequently withdrew the sum of $12,564,000 from Teelek Realty
purportedly as repayment of the (wrongfully) reclassified loans. I have found
that Teelek Realty and Wendy failed to prove that the plaintiff had agreed to
waive the Loans in favour of Wendy. Teelek Realty therefore had a claim
against Wendy for the return of the sum of $12,564,000.

61 The plaintiff sought an order for Wendy to pay Teelek Realty the sum of
$12,564,000 on the basis of a common law derivative action against Wendy.

62 A common law derivative action takes the form of a representative action:
Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd v Morten Innhaug [2010] 4 SLR 1 at [15]–[16]. In
Venkatraman Kalyanaraman v Nithya Kalyani and others [2016] 4 SLR 1365
(“Venkatraman”), the court held (at [69]) that to bring a claim under the
common law derivative action, the following procedural requirements must be
met:

(a) A minority shareholder must bring an action on behalf of himself and all
the other shareholders of the company, excluding the majority wrongdoers.

(b) The wrongdoers must be named as defendants. The company must also be
joined as a defendant so that it is bound by the result of the action.

(c) The statement of claim must disclose that it is a derivative action, and
recite the facts that made it so.

63 I agreed with Wendy that the plaintiff had not satisfied the third
requirement set out above. The SOC did not disclose that it was a common law
derivative action against Wendy or that a claim was being brought against
Wendy on behalf of Teelek Realty to recover the sum of $12,564,000. I
therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s common law derivative action against
Wendy.

Plaintiff’s claim for cancellation of transfer of shares to Shirlyn and Eugene

64 As stated earlier, on 28 July 2015, Wendy transferred one share to Shirlyn
and Eugene each. As Shirlyn and Eugene were not shareholders of Teelek Realty
before the transfers by Wendy, article 29 of Teelek Realty’s Articles required
Wendy to give a “transfer notice” to Teelek Realty stating her desire to
transfer the shares to Shirlyn and Eugene. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

3 AB 18–19.

Under article 30, Teelek Realty then had to notify the plaintiff (as the only
other shareholder) of the transfer notice and the plaintiff had a prior right
to purchase those shares. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

3 AB 19.

65 It was not disputed that Wendy did not give any transfer notice as required
under the Articles. Wendy admitted that her non-compliance was wilful. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 3 March 2020, at 93:20–95:3.

Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene argued that the plaintiff had suffered no loss or
prejudice since he was only a trustee holding his shares in Teelek Realty for
the benefit of Shirlyn and Eugene. This argument did not excuse Wendy’s non-
compliance with the Articles. In any event, the argument was a non-starter
because, as will be seen later in these grounds of decision, I found that the
plaintiff did not hold his shares in Teelek Realty on trust for Shirlyn and
Eugene.

66 The transfers to Shirlyn and Eugene were in clear contravention of the
Articles. In the circumstances, the transfers were invalid and I ordered that
they be cancelled.

Plaintiff’s claim for Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene to be struck off as directors

67 The plaintiff sought an order striking off Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene as
directors of Teelek Realty. The plaintiff did not dispute that Wendy and
Shirlyn had been legitimately appointed as directors; as for Eugene, I found
that his appointment as a director was similarly unimpeachable (see [71]
below). The plaintiff submitted that Wendy could and ought to be struck off as
a director if she was found to be in breach of director’s duties. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE, 20 March 2020, at 83:14–16.

However, no authority was cited for this proposition. In my view, there was no
basis for me to order that Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene be struck off as
directors of Teelek Realty. In any event, this issue was moot because I
ordered Teelek Realty to be wound up pursuant to the plaintiff’s oppression
claim (see [106] below).

Plaintiff’s oppression claim

68 The plaintiff complained that the following constituted oppression and/or
unfair discrimination and/or prejudice under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”):

(a) Wendy’s reclassification and withdrawal of the Loans;

(b) Wendy’s share transfers to Shirlyn and Eugene;

(c) the appointment of Eugene as a director of Teelek Realty;

(d) the remuneration paid by Teelek Realty to Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene;

(e) the holding of fictitious AGMs;

(f) the failure to provide the plaintiff with Teelek Realty’s audited accounts
for FY2016 within a reasonable time before the 20th AGM;

(g) the inclusion of Resolution 6 in the notice dated 3 August 2017 for the
adjourned 20th AGM;

(h) the co-mingling of Wendy’s own funds with Teelek Realty’s funds;

(i) misappropriation of Teelek Realty’s funds; and

(j) Teelek Realty’s provision of loans to Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene.

Wendy’s reclassification and withdrawal of the Loans

69 I had found that Wendy had wrongfully reclassified the Loans as loans given
by her. Teelek Realty did not owe her the amount of $12,564,000. Wendy
therefore misappropriated Teelek Realty’s moneys for her own use when she
withdrew $12,564,000 from Teelek Realty purportedly as repayment of the
(wrongfully) reclassified loans.

Share transfers to Shirlyn and Eugene

70 As stated in [65], it was not disputed that Wendy transferred one share to
each of Shirlyn and Eugene in 2015, without giving the transfer notice
required under Teelek Realty’s Articles. Further, in her capacity as a
director of Teelek Realty, Wendy had failed to ensure that Teelek Realty’s
Articles were complied with.

Appointment of Eugene as director

71 Eugene was appointed as a director of Teelek Realty on 1 September 2014.
The plaintiff complained that he had not approved Eugene’s appointment as a
director of Teelek Realty. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC, at para 7.

However, Eugene was appointed as a director pursuant to a Directors’
Resolution, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1 AB 215.

as permitted under article 78 of Teelek Realty’s Articles. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

3 AB 25.

The plaintiff’s approval was not required as he was no longer a director of
Teelek Realty by then, having resigned as a director on 7 August 2012. The
plaintiff therefore had no basis to complain about Eugene’s appointment.

Remuneration paid to Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene

72 The plaintiff complained that the remuneration paid to Wendy, Shirlyn and
Eugene from FY2013 to FY2016 was not justified and that he did not approve or
authorise any of the remuneration paid. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SOC, at para 33.

73 The remuneration paid to Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene were all set out in the
audited accounts of Teelek Realty. The plaintiff admitted that he had received
the audited accounts. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SOC, at para 24(b); NE, 26 February 2020, at 43:16–44:8.

However, the plaintiff did not raise any objections until the present dispute.
In my view, the plaintiff had agreed to or accepted the payment of the
remuneration to Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene.

74 I also noted that the plaintiff had initially objected to the remuneration
paid to Wendy for FY2012 despite having signed, on behalf of Teelek Realty, a
Declaration of Directors’ Remuneration for FY2012 confirming the remuneration
of $249,600 that was paid to Wendy. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

33 AB 102.

The plaintiff eventually agreed that he had approved the payment to Wendy
after he was confronted with this document. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE, 25 February 2020, at 42:12–44:4.

The plaintiff’s evidence in this regard also raised doubts as to whether his
complaints about the remuneration paid to Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene were made
in good faith.

Fictitious AGMs

75 The plaintiff’s pleaded case was that copies of Teelek Realty’s audited
accounts were sent to him but no physical AGMs were held. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

SOC, at para 24.

It was not disputed that no physical meetings were held before the 20th AGM
(FY2016). However, the plaintiff admitted that he signed the minutes of and
had no objections to any of the resolutions passed at the 15th AGM (FY2011),
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1 AB 229; NE, 26 February 2020, at 42:10–43:7 and 44:9–45:1.

the 16th AGM (FY2012) 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1 AB 230; NE, 26 February 2020, at 45:9–18.

and the 17th AGM (FY2013). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1 AB 231; NE, 26 February 2020, at 45:19–46:2.

In my view, there was no reason for the plaintiff to complain about the fact
that there were no physical meetings for these AGMs as the plaintiff had
agreed to dispense with them.

76 No physical meetings were held for the 18th AGM (FY2014) and the 19th AGM
(FY2015) and the plaintiff did not sign the minutes of these two AGMs. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1 AB 232–233; NE, 26 February 2020, at 46:3–6.

The plaintiff may have agreed to dispense with physical meetings in the past
but he was entitled to insist on physical meetings if he so chose. The
plaintiff had not agreed to dispense with physical meetings for the 18th and
19th AGMs. In my view, Wendy was not entitled to dispense with physical
meetings for these two AGMs without the plaintiff’s agreement.

Failure to provide audited accounts for the 20th AGM (FY2016)

77 The plaintiff complained that Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene failed to provide
him with the audited accounts of Teelek Realty for FY2016 within a reasonable
time prior to the 20th AGM which was held on 12 June 2017. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

SOC, at para 37.

It was not disputed that the audited accounts were not sent to the plaintiff
together with the notice (dated 26 May 2017) 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

3 AB 186.

of the 20th AGM. On 2 June 2017, the plaintiff (through his lawyers) requested
a copy of the audited accounts. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

29 AB 181.

The plaintiff received a copy of the audited accounts only on 9 June 2017. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

29 AB 189–211.

78 As a shareholder, the plaintiff was entitled to a reasonable time to review
the accounts so that he could raise any questions that he might have had at
the AGM. The plaintiff was clearly not given a reasonable time in this case,
particularly as the 20th AGM was held on a Monday (ie, 12 June 2017) but he
only received the audited accounts on the Friday immediately prior (ie, 9 June
2017). As a director, Wendy was required to take reasonable steps to ensure
that the accounts were audited not less than 14 days before the AGM unless the
plaintiff agreed otherwise: s 201(9)(a) of the Companies Act. In my view,
Wendy had acted unreasonably in providing the plaintiff with a copy of the
audited accounts only on 9 June 2017. If the audited accounts could not be
ready at least 14 days before 12 June 2017, then the 20th AGM should not have
been held on that date.

79 In response to the plaintiff’s request for a copy of the audited accounts,
Teelek Realty’s lawyers said on 7 June 2017 that “[t]he director of the
Company is presently outstation” and that they were “taking instructions”, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

29 AB 187.

and on 8 June 2017 that they were “in the midst of securing a copy of the
requested audited accounts”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

29 AB 188.

No reasonable explanation was given as to why Wendy did not provide the
plaintiff with a copy of the audited accounts together with the notice of the
20th AGM.

The inclusion of Resolution 6 in the notice of the adjourned 20th AGM

80 As stated earlier, the 20th AGM was adjourned on 12 June 2017, without any
resolution being voted on. A subsequent notice dated 3 August 2017 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

3 AB 187.

was issued for the adjourned meeting to be held on 22 August 2017. This notice
included Resolution 6 which reads as follows:

That pursuant to the provision of section 161 of the Companies Act (Cap. 50),
the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to allot and issue
shares of the Company to such persons at any time and upon such terms and
conditions whether for cash or otherwise and with such rights and restrictions
as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion deem fit, and that such
authority shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next Annual
General Meeting or the expiration of the period within which the next Annual
General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is
earlier.

81 Article 60 of Teelek Realty’s Articles provided that “no business shall be
transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at
the meeting from which the adjournment took place”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

3 AB 22.

Resolution 6 was not in the agenda for the 20th AGM held on 12 June 2017 and
therefore should not have been included in the notice of the adjourned 20th
AGM.

82 Despite the plaintiff’s objections, Wendy insisted on proceeding with
Resolution 6. The plaintiff applied for an injunction and on 6 October 2017, I
restrained the defendants from holding the adjourned 20th AGM with an agenda
that was different from that set out in the notice of the 20th AGM dated 26
May 2017, pending the determination of this action.

83 The 20th AGM was eventually held on 7 November 2017 based on the same
agenda as that set out in the notice dated 26 May 2017.

84 The plaintiff submitted that the inclusion of Resolution 6 in the agenda
for the adjourned 20th AGM was for the purpose of diluting his interest in
Teelek Realty and that there was no commercial reason to issue more shares. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SOC, at para 39.

I disagreed with the plaintiff. Resolution 6 merely concerned a general
authority to allot and issue shares at prices and upon terms to be decided. In
my view, the plaintiff’s complaints were premature. In any event, the
plaintiff would have been entitled to subscribe for any new shares to be
issued, in proportion to his existing shareholding. There was no suggestion or
evidence that the plaintiff would not have been financially able to do so.
There was therefore no basis for the plaintiff’s submission that Resolution 6
was for the purpose of diluting his interest in Teelek Realty. In my view,
Wendy’s attempt to have Resolution 6 passed did not amount to oppressive
conduct within s 216 of the Companies Act.

85 However, although Resolution 6 was eventually not proceeded with, Wendy’s
conduct in connection with Resolution 6 remained a relevant consideration.
When the plaintiff objected to Resolution 6, she insisted on proceeding with
it even though doing so contravened article 60 of Teelek Realty’s Articles.
This was in clear disregard of the plaintiff’s interest as a shareholder and
in breach of Wendy’s duties as a director. Wendy removed Resolution 6 from the
agenda only because she was compelled to do so by the order that I made on 6
October 2017.

86 In her oral testimony, Wendy explained that Resolution 6 had been included
in the agenda by Teelek Realty’s corporate secretarial firm without her
knowledge because she had told them that she wanted to transfer her shares to
Shirlyn and Eugene. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE, 3 March 2020, at 98:18–99:12.

I did not accept her explanation. Her explanation did not make sense and the
defendants did not call the relevant person from the corporate secretarial
firm as a witness. Wendy’s explanation also could not be true because she had
already transferred her shares to Shirlyn and Eugene by then. In my view,
Wendy’s explanation was a fabrication; this further eroded her credibility as
a witness.

Co-mingling of funds

87 Wendy became the sole shareholder of Mingsen after the plaintiff
transferred his shares in the company to her in 2011 (see [12(a)] above).
Wendy is also the sole shareholder of the following companies:

(a) JCWC Investment (S) Pte Ltd (“JCWC Investment”): This company was
incorporated on 3 April 2012 to acquire and hold properties. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

1 AB 148–150.

Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene are its directors.

(b) JCWC Automobile Pte Ltd (“JCWC Automobile”): This company was incorporated
on 10 September 2012. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Bundle of Plaintiff’s AEICs, vol 2, at pp 1577–1580.

Its business includes the sale of motor vehicles and the renting and leasing
of private cars. Wendy and Jason Chai are its directors.

(c) JCWC Credit (S) Pte Ltd (“JCWC Credit”): This company was incorporated on
1 October 2012 and was formerly known as JCWC Food (S) Pte Ltd. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Bundle of Plaintiff’s AEICs, vol 2, at pp 1581–1584.

Its business includes hire-purchase. Wendy and Jason Chai are its directors.

88 It was common ground between the parties that between 2012 and 2018, Teelek
Realty received a total amount of $49,878,044.87 comprising the following: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Exh P1: Experts’ List of Agreed and Non-agreed Issues, at s/n 12.

(a) $200,000 from Wendy;

(b) $35,961,817.65 from Mingsen;

(c) $11,252,971.94 from JCWC Automobile; and

(d) $2,463,255.28 from JCWC Credit.

These receipts were recorded in Teelek Realty’s books as loans from Wendy. I
should add that the above excluded the Loans (amounting to $12,564,000) which
Wendy had reclassified as loans given by her to Teelek Realty. Adding the
reclassified loans to the above receipts, the total amount of loans from Wendy
to Teelek Realty would have been $62,442,044.87.

89 It was also common ground that between 2012 and 2018, Wendy withdrew a
total of $62,381,129.46 from Teelek Realty’s account. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Exh P1, at s/n 14.

These withdrawals were recorded as repayments of Wendy’s loans. The moneys
were used to pay various entities including JCWC Automobile, JCWC Credit and
JCWC Investment (collectively, “the JCWC entities”).

90 The plaintiff complained that Wendy had co-mingled her own funds with
Teelek Realty’s funds and had used Teelek Realty’s moneys as her own. While
Wendy had co-mingled her funds with Teelek Realty’s funds, I did not think
that she had used Teelek Realty’s moneys as her own. The receipts by Teelek
Realty were recorded as loans from Wendy and the withdrawals by Wendy were
made against her loan account, ie, the withdrawals were repayments of her
loans.

91 In addition, it was also common ground that there were another nine
deposits into and ten withdrawals from Teelek Realty’s account, that were not
recorded and reflected in Teelek Realty’s general ledger. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Bundle of Plaintiff’s AEICs, vol 3, at p 1979; Exh P1, s/n 22.

These deposits and withdrawals took place between 9 September 2015 and 13 July
2017. A total amount of $1.4m was deposited into Teelek Realty’s account; a
matching total amount was withdrawn. The withdrawals were usually made on the
same day as the deposits but on three occasions, the deposits were made within
two days after the withdrawals. There was no suggestion or evidence that the
deposits were meant for Teelek Realty. These deposits and withdrawals seemed
to be loans to Teelek Realty and withdrawals in repayment of the loans.
Although these deposits and withdrawals were not recorded in Teelek Realty’s
general ledger, Wendy could not be said to have used Teelek Realty’s funds by
making the withdrawals amounting to $1.4m.

92 Nonetheless, I agreed with the plaintiff that Wendy had co-mingled her
funds with Teelek Realty’s funds and had treated Teelek Realty as her alter
ego. It was not disputed that Wendy used Teelek Realty’s bank accounts as
conduits for her other businesses. The moneys that were paid into Teelek
Realty’s accounts were neither intended for Teelek Realty nor used for its
purposes. Instead, they were withdrawn and used for Wendy’s own purposes or
for purposes of the JCWC entities. I agreed with the plaintiff that such use
of Teelek Realty’s accounts could not be said to be in the interests of Teelek
Realty. Clearly, Wendy was treating Teelek Realty’s bank accounts as her own.

93 Wendy argued that Teelek Realty had suffered no loss. This was not entirely
correct although the losses suffered were not significant. For example, the
plaintiff’s expert’s report showed the following:

(a) A remittance from Mingsen to Teelek Realty incurred bank charges amounting
to US$13.89 (equivalent to $19.87). This amount was charged to Teelek Realty
and recorded in its general ledger as an expense when it should have been a
reduction in Wendy’s loan account. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Bundle of Plaintiff’s AEICs, vol 3, at p 1968 (fn 77) and p 1973.

(b) As at 29 December 2017, Wendy had overdrawn on her loan account with
Teelek Realty by an amount of $1,752,971.94 which was then repaid to Teelek
Realty the next day. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Bundle of Plaintiff’s AEICs, vol 3, at p 1974, para 4.3.11.

Misappropriation of Teelek Realty’s funds

94 The plaintiff claimed that Wendy had misappropriated Teelek Realty’s funds
as a result of the withdrawals made by Wendy referred to in [89] above. As
stated in [69] above, Wendy had wrongfully reclassified the Loans as loans
owing to her and therefore she had misappropriated the sum of $12,564,000
which she withdrew from Teelek Realty purportedly as repayment of the
reclassified loans. As for the rest of the withdrawals, Wendy had used Teelek
Realty as a conduit for her own funds and funds from Mingsen and the JCWC
entities; there was no misappropriation of Teelek Realty’s funds.

Loans to Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene

95 Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene, in their capacities as directors of Teelek
Realty, had taken loans from the company to pay for professional fees incurred
by them in the present suit. The plaintiff argued that these were
unauthorised. These loans contravened s 162(2) of the Companies Act. However,
the taking of these loans had not been pleaded and therefore could not form
part of the plaintiff’s case.

Breaches of directors’ duties

96 In my view, Wendy breached her duties as a director by reason of the
following:

(a) the wrongful reclassification of the Loans and her withdrawal of the
amount of $12,564,000 in purported repayment of the reclassified Loans (see
[69] above);

(b) the transfer of one share to each of Shirlyn and Eugene in breach of
Teelek Realty’s Articles (see [70] above);

(c) refusing to hold physical meetings in respect of the 18th AGM (FY2014) and
the 19th AGM (FY2015) (see [76] above);

(d) failing to provide the plaintiff with a copy of Teelek Realty’s audited
accounts for FY2016 within a reasonable time prior to the 20th AGM (see [78]
above); and

(e) treating Teelek Realty’s accounts as her own and using the accounts for
purposes that had nothing to do with Teelek Realty’s business (see [92]
above).

97 As for Shirlyn and Eugene, the evidence showed that they were not active
directors. They had simply left the management of Teelek Realty to Wendy and
followed her instructions on matters relating to the company. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Shirlyn’s and Eugene’s joint SAEIC, at paras 20 and 21; NE, 4 March 2020, at
24:14–24:25 and 25:22–26:7.

However, in so doing, they had ignored, and therefore breached, their duties
as directors – in particular, their duties to act in Teelek Realty’s interests
and to act with due care and diligence in executing their responsibilities as
directors.

Conclusion on the plaintiff’s oppression claim

98 Section 216(1) of the Companies Act provides as follows:

216.—(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of a
declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground —

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(b) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

99 It is well established that s 216 of the Companies Act should not be used
to vindicate wrongs which are in substance wrongs committed against the
company, and which are thus corporate rather than personal in nature: Ho Yew
Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other matters [2018] 2 SLR 333
(“Ho Yew Kong”) at [93]. A claim brought under s 216 in respect of corporate
wrongs would be an abuse of process.

100 In the present case, Wendy had breached her duties as a director by reason
of the matters set out at [96] above. As for Shirlyn and Eugene, they had
breached their duties as directors because they had acted without due care and
diligence and in disregard of the plaintiff’s interests as a shareholder.
Breach of a director’s duty is a corporate wrong done to the company. However,
it could not be denied that the transfer of shares to Shirlyn and Eugene, the
failure to hold physical AGMs, and the failure to provide the plaintiff with
the audited accounts within a reasonable time before the 20th AGM, (see
[96(b)]–[96(d)] above) were also personal wrongs against the plaintiff as a
shareholder of Teelek Realty.

101 In Ho Yew Kong, the Court of Appeal set out an analytical framework to be
applied where an oppression action features both personal wrongs and corporate
wrongs (at [115]–[116]). The key question is whether a plaintiff who brings an
oppression action under s 216, instead of seeking leave to commence a
statutory derivative action under s 216A, is abusing the process. In answering
this question, the court is to consider the remedy sought, and the injury
complained of and for which the remedy is sought. The appropriate analytical
framework is as follows:

(a) Injury

(i) What is the real injury that the plaintiff seeks to vindicate?

(ii) Is that injury distinct from the injury to the company and does it amount
to commercial unfairness against the plaintiff?

(b) Remedy

(i) What is the essential remedy that is being sought and is it a remedy that
meaningfully vindicates the real injury that the plaintiff has suffered?

(ii) Is it a remedy that can only be obtained under s 216?

See Ho Yew Kong at [115]–[116].

102 Applying the Ho Yew Kong framework, I was of the view that the plaintiff’s
s 216 claim was not an abuse of process.

(a) The real injury that the plaintiff sought to vindicate was injury to his
interests as a shareholder of Teelek Realty and breach of his legitimate
expectations as to how the company’s affairs were to be managed. Wendy,
Shirlyn and Eugene had ignored and disregarded the plaintiff’s interests as a
shareholder. The injury to the plaintiff’s interests as a shareholder amounted
to a distinct personal wrong and met the threshold of commercial unfairness.

(b) The essential remedy sought by the plaintiff was an exit through a buyout
order, which was a remedy only available under s 216. The plaintiff had also
sought a restitutionary order in respect of the sum of $12,564,000 that Wendy
had withdrawn in purported repayment of the reclassified loans. However, in
the context of the s 216 claim, the restitutionary relief was incidental to
the essential remedy sought – the restitutionary order was necessary in so far
as it ensured a fair exit value for the plaintiff.

103 Turning next to the test applicable under s 216, the four alternative
limbs (ie, oppression, disregard of a member’s interests, unfair
discrimination, or otherwise prejudicial conduct) under s 216(1) of the
Companies Act are not to be read disjunctively. The common element is that of
unfairness: Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR
776 (“Over & Over”) at [70]. The common test is that of “a visible departure
from the standards of fair dealing and a violation of the conditions of fair
play which a shareholder is entitled to expect”: Over & Over at [77].
Ultimately, whether the test is satisfied depends on the facts of each case.

104 In my view, Wendy’s, Shirlyn’s and Eugene’s conduct clearly met the test
of “unfairness” or “a visible departure from the standards of fair dealing”.

105 I therefore found for the plaintiff on his oppression claim. The plaintiff
sought a buyout order in his favour but subject to terms, including a term
that Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene give certain undertakings as to the financial
status of Teelek Realty, and a special audit into the accounts and affairs of
Teelek Realty. Clearly, the plaintiff had no confidence in the accuracy of
Teelek Realty’s financial records. This was consistent with the evidence which
showed that it was doubtful whether Wendy had kept Teelek Realty’s accounts
properly. She had wrongfully reclassified the Loans and failed to record
deposits into and withdrawals from Teelek Realty’s account (see [49] and [91]
above).

106 In the circumstances, I concluded that the more appropriate remedy was to
wind up Teelek Realty rather than to make a buyout order, and I so ordered.
The liquidators would be in a position to investigate the accounts and affairs
of Teelek Realty. I also took into consideration the fact that Teelek Realty
was just an investment holding company; it had no business operations in
respect of which a winding-up order may not have been the most appropriate
remedy.

Restitutionary order against Wendy

107 In connection with his s 216 claim, the plaintiff also sought an order
requiring Wendy to return the sum of $12,564,000 to Teelek Realty. Where the s
216 claim has been established, the court has a wide discretion to fashion
such relief as it considers just, including making orders for the errant
shareholders or directors of the company concerned to make restitution to the
company of moneys that they have wrongfully diverted from the company: Ho Yew
Kong ([99] supra) at [118].

108 I therefore ordered Wendy to return the sum of $12,564,000 to Teelek
Realty and directed that Teelek Realty’s accounts be rectified accordingly.

Plaintiff’s claim for conspiracy

109 The plaintiff claimed that Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene conspired to injure
himself and/or Teelek Realty by lawful and/or unlawful means. The elements
that have to be satisfied in a claim of conspiracy are set out in Nagase
Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat and others [2008] 1 SLR(R) 80 at [23] as
follows:

(a) a combination of two or more persons and an agreement between and amongst
them to do certain acts;

(b) if the conspiracy involves lawful acts, then the predominant purpose of
the conspirators must be to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff but if the
conspiracy involves unlawful means, then such predominant intention is not
required;

(c) the acts must actually be performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(d) damage must be suffered by the plaintiff.

110 The plaintiff pleaded that the agreement among Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene
was “supported” by the following: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC, at paras 46(a) and 48(b).

(a) Shirlyn and Eugene are Wendy’s biological children.

(b) Ever since the divorce, Shirlyn and Eugene had taken Wendy’s side and had
not been on speaking terms with the plaintiff.

(c) Wendy unlawfully transferred one share in Teelek Realty to each of Shirlyn
and Eugene, in breach of the Articles.

(d) Wendy directly and/or indirectly caused and/or procured directorships in
Teelek Realty for Shirlyn and did so unlawfully for Eugene.

(e) Shirlyn and Eugene were Wendy’s nominee shareholders and directors in
Teelek Realty.

111 The agreement to do certain acts was an essential element in the
plaintiff’s conspiracy claim. In my view, the plaintiff had not properly
pleaded the agreement. The SOC did not even allege that Wendy, Shirlyn and
Eugene had reached an agreement; neither did it plead what Wendy, Shirlyn and
Eugene had agreed to do.

112 In any event, the evidence did not support the existence of any agreement
among Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene. The plaintiff claimed that the following acts
were performed in furtherance of the conspiracy: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

SOC, at para 46(b)(i).

(a) the reclassification of the Loans and the repayment of the reclassified
Loans to Wendy and/or JCWC entities and/or entities related to the JCWC
entities;

(b) the holding of fictitious AGMs of Teelek Realty;

(c) the transfers of one share in Teelek Realty to each of Shirlyn and Eugene;

(d) remuneration paid by Teelek Realty to Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene;

(e) the failure to provide Teelek Realty’s accounts for FY2016 to the
plaintiff within a reasonable time prior to the 20th AGM on 12 June 2017, and
the introduction of Resolution 6 in the agenda for the adjourned 20th AGM;

(f) Wendy’s co-mingling of her own funds with Teelek Realty’s funds; and

(g) misappropriation of moneys belonging to Teelek Realty.

113 The evidence established that Shirlyn and Eugene had left the management
of Teelek Realty to Wendy. They simply did whatever Wendy required them to.

114 As the plaintiff has not proved an agreement among Wendy, Shirlyn and
Eugene to injure the plaintiff and/or Teelek Realty, I dismissed the
conspiracy claim. The claim that there was a conspiracy to injure Teelek
Realty also failed because the plaintiff had not properly pleaded a common law
derivative action.

The counterclaims

The Trust Agreement

115 Wendy’s, Shirlyn’s and Eugene’s pleaded claim was that pursuant to the
Trust Agreement, the plaintiff agreed to: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

D1/D2’s D&CC, at para 15B; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 6) of the
3rd and 4th Defendants (“D3/D4’s D&CC”), at para 15B.

(a) hold his shares in Teelek Realty on trust for Shirlyn and Eugene equally;

(b) transfer the shares to them “when they are of majority age and when they
are mature enough”;

(c) give up his control of Teelek Realty; and

(d) waive his claims to the Loans in favour of Wendy.

The issue relating to the alleged waiver of the Loans in favour of Wendy has
already been dealt with. Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene claimed that the agreement
relating to the plaintiff’s shares in and control of Teelek Realty was reached
in November 2011. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

D1/D2’s D&CC, at para 15C(b); D3/D4’s D&CC, at para 15C(b).

116 I rejected the claim and found that there was no such agreement as
alleged. The evidence overwhelmingly contradicted the claim. I found that the
alleged Trust Agreement was a complete fabrication.

117 First, Wendy kept changing her evidence on when the alleged Trust
Agreement took place. As stated at [51] above, Teelek Realty’s/Wendy’s joint
Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) pleaded that the Trust Agreement was
reached “during a conversation that took place sometime in April 2012”
[emphasis added].

(a) In her oral testimony, Wendy claimed that when she left the matrimonial
home in September 2011, she told Shirlyn and Eugene about the Trust Agreement
and that the plaintiff’s shares in Teelek Realty would be transferred to them
on or after they turned 21 years of age. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 43:12–44:12.

(b) Subsequently, she maintained that the discussions relating to the trust
ended in 2012. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 67:3–13 and 68:9–14.

(c) A little later, she changed her evidence and said that the discussions
relating to the trust were completed in November 2011. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 68:15–69:5.

(d) During re-examination, Wendy first said that the Trust Agreement took
place “around 2012” and then said that it took place in September 2011. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE, 3 March 2020, at 109:16–110:20.

(e) Eventually, after all the witnesses had given evidence, Teelek Realty and
Wendy amended their joint Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4) to state
that the Trust Agreement relating to the plaintiff’s shares was reached in
November 2011.

118 Wendy’s evidence kept changing so often that the only conclusion that
could be reached was that there was no such Trust Agreement.

119 Second, Wendy also prevaricated about the alleged agreement as to when the
plaintiff’s shares were to be transferred to Shirlyn and Eugene. As pleaded in
Teelek Realty’s/Wendy’s joint Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), the
shares were to be transferred when Shirlyn and Eugene “are of majority age or
alternatively when they are mature enough” [emphasis added]. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Teelek Realty’s and Wendy’s D&CC (Amendment No 4), at para 15B(b).

(a) In her AEIC, Wendy said that the shares were to be transferred to Shirlyn
and Eugene after they “reached the age of majority, ie, 21 years of age, and
when they are mature enough” [emphasis added]. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Wendy’s AEIC, at para 46.

During her oral testimony, Wendy first said that her pleaded case was wrong
but subsequently said that it was her AEIC that was wrong. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 74:10–77:1.

(b) During her oral testimony, Wendy at first said that she had told Shirlyn
and Eugene in September 2011 that the plaintiff’s shares would be transferred
to them “when they are at the age of 21 or after 21”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 42:17–44:3.

She then changed her evidence to say that she told them the shares would be
transferred after they reach 21 years of age. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 44:10–12.

(c) In her AEIC, Wendy said that she did not discuss with the plaintiff about
the age at which Shirlyn and Eugene would be considered to be “mature enough”.
90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Wendy’s AEIC, at para 46.

On the stand, Wendy first said that both the plaintiff and she would decide
whether Shirlyn and Eugene were “mature enough”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 48:19–49:3.

Subsequently, she said that the plaintiff would transfer the shares when he
was free to do so, before finally saying that the plaintiff would decide when
to transfer the shares. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 52:12–53:7.

(d) Wendy also claimed that after she discovered that Kevin and Jeannette were
aged 25 and 23 respectively when they became shareholders in Goodtree upon its
incorporation, she told the plaintiff in early 2012 to transfer his shares to
Shirlyn and Eugene when they reach “23 or 25” years of age and the plaintiff
agreed. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 45:19–25 and 53:8–21.

However, this was not the pleaded case. Wendy could not explain why her
pleaded case stated that the shares were to be transferred to Shirlyn and
Eugene when they were “mature enough”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 53:22–54:3.

In any event, Wendy’s evidence vacillated yet again as she later claimed that
the plaintiff was to transfer his shares to Shirlyn and Eugene when they were
“23 to 25” years of age [emphasis added]. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 83:20 – 84:10.

(e) At one point, Wendy claimed that Shirlyn and Eugene would be considered
“mature enough” when they could “handle all sorts of things like money,
characters”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 50:18–23.

She had also testified that Eugene and Shirlyn would be “mature enough” when
they were 23 and 25 years of age respectively. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 50:14–17.

When queried as to how she would have been able to draw such a conclusion
years in advance, Wendy simply asserted that she could “foresee their
character”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 50:24–51:10.

I did not accept Wendy’s assertion; it was simply not credible. Further, Wendy
could not explain why the Trust Agreement did not specify that the plaintiff
would transfer his shares upon Shirlyn and Eugene reaching 25 and 23 years of
age respectively, if indeed she had been so certain that Shirlyn and Eugene
would be “mature enough” by then. Wendy’s evidence on this was evasive and
utterly incoherent. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 51:11–54:3.

(f) Subsequently, Teelek Realty’s and Wendy’s pleaded case was amended to
state that the shares would be transferred when Shirlyn and Eugene “are of
majority age and when they are mature enough”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

D1/D2’s D&CC, at para 15B(b).

120 The agreement as to when the plaintiff was to transfer his shares in
Teelek Realty to Shirlyn and Eugene was (as pleaded) a “key term”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

D1/D2’s D&CC, at para 15C.

The fact that there were so many versions of a key term again led to the
conclusion that the Trust Agreement was a fabrication.

121 Third, a Ms Valerie Wong (“Wong”) from M/s Wong Thomas & Leong advised
Wendy regarding the plaintiff’s shares in Teelek Realty. On 21 January 2013,
Wong sent an e-mail to her colleague, Mr Leong Hee Tean (“Leong”), 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

29 AB 41–42.

stating that Wendy had informed her that she (Wendy) had reached an agreement
with the plaintiff “regarding the bank account in UK and the only issue which
remain[ed] to be resolved [was] the trust in respect of [the plaintiff’s]
shares in Teelek Realty”. The e-mail also discussed the question of when the
shares should be transferred to Shirlyn and Eugene; Wong noted that Wendy and
the beneficiaries were inclined towards having 50% of the plaintiff’s shares
transferred to the beneficiaries at age 30 and the balance at age 35. In
addition, the e-mail discussed the administration of Teelek Realty during the
trust period when the plaintiff remained the legal owner of his shares, and
sought confirmation that Wendy would be in charge of the management of Teelek
Realty.

122 Apparently, Leong was to speak to the plaintiff. The plaintiff was
familiar with Leong because he advised the plaintiff on dispute matters
involving the Teelek Companies. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Wendy’s AEIC, at para 50.

A copy of the e-mail was sent to Wendy on 7 June 2013 for Wendy’s “review of
the issues”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

29 AB 41.

There was no evidence that Wendy disagreed with any part of Wong’s e-mail of
21 January 2013.

123 On 13 August 2013, Wong sent Wendy an e-mail attaching a draft Trust Deed
for her review. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

29 AB 38–40. The date shown on the e-mail is “13 August 2556”. Wendy confirmed
that the year “2556” referred to “2013”; “2556” was based on the Buddhist
calendar. See, NE, 3 March 2020, at 1:13–2:13.

The draft Trust Deed provided for the plaintiff’s shares in Teelek Realty to
be transferred to Shirlyn and Eugene in equal tranches when they reached the
ages of 35 and 40. Wong also pointed out in her e-mail that until the shares
were transferred to Shirlyn and Eugene, the plaintiff would still have the
rights of a shareholder.

124 On 14 August 2013, Wong sent an e-mail to the plaintiff stating as
follows: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

29 AB 49–51.

Dear Mr Ng,

Wendy has asked me to prepare the attached Declaration of Trust and to forward
the same to you for your review. If the same is acceptable to you, we can
arrange for your execution of the Trust Deed in duplicate.

…

The attached draft Declaration of Trust provided for the plaintiff’s shares in
Teelek Realty to be transferred to Shirlyn and Eugene in equal tranches when
they reached the ages of 30 and 35.

125 The plaintiff did not respond to Wong’s e-mail. On 24 March 2014, Wendy
sent the plaintiff an e-mail asking him to go through the draft Trust Deed.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

29 AB 52.

The plaintiff did not agree to sign the Trust Deed. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Wendy’s AEIC, at para 55.

126 The abovementioned e-mails and draft Trust Deed/Declaration of Trust
clearly contradicted the pleaded counterclaim that in November 2011, the
plaintiff had agreed to transfer his shares to Shirlyn and Eugene when they
“are of majority age and when they are mature enough”.

127 Further, there was no mention whatsoever of the alleged Trust Agreement in
any of the e-mails referred to above. On the contrary, the e-mails and the
draft Trust Deed/Declaration of Trust incontrovertibly showed that even as of
March 2014, no agreement that the plaintiff would hold his shares on trust for
Shirlyn and Eugene had even been reached, much less any agreement as to when
the shares were to be transferred to Shirlyn and Eugene. If, as Wendy, Shirlyn
and Eugene claimed, the alleged Trust Agreement had been reached in November
2011 or even in April 2012, one would expect the e-mails to refer to the Trust
Agreement and the draft Trust Deeds to reflect the key terms of the Trust
Agreement. It was abundantly clear that the e-mails and draft Trust Deeds
constituted objective evidence that clearly contradicted the alleged Trust
Agreement pleaded by the defendants.

128 Fourth, Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene made no mention whatsoever of the
alleged Trust Agreement until after these proceedings were commenced. Apart
from the fact that the alleged Trust Agreement was not mentioned in any of the
e-mails referred to at [121]–[125] above, the alleged Trust Agreement was also
not mentioned in the following:

(a) The Ancillaries Order. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

1 AB 127–131.

Paragraphs 12 and 13 of the Ancillaries Order provided that the order was in
full and final settlement of Wendy’s claim for division of matrimonial assets
and maintenance, and that Wendy and the plaintiff would retain all other
assets that were not dealt with by the Ancillary Order, “in their names”.
Wendy explained that these two paragraphs were “meant only for residential
properties and CPF and joint account in Standard Chartered”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE, 3 March 2020, at 49:2–8.

However, there was nothing in the Ancillaries Order that supported Wendy’s
explanation. Wendy’s further explanations on this were incoherent. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 3 March 2020, at 49:9–50:21.

Although Wendy was not the beneficiary of the plaintiff’s shares in Teelek
Realty under the alleged Trust Agreement, there was every reason to include
the alleged Trust Agreement in the Ancillaries Order, had the agreement been
made. After all, the plaintiff had allegedly agreed with Wendy on the disposal
of his shares in Teelek Realty, which was a matrimonial asset. In addition,
the plaintiff had allegedly agreed to give up control of Teelek Realty. This
must have been important to Wendy since the plaintiff remained a 50%
shareholder and would retain shareholder’s rights pending the transfer of his
shares to Shirlyn and Eugene. In her closing submissions, Wendy also pointed
out that the Ancillaries Order did not deal with the Pantech Properties or the
Arcade Property. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Closing Submissions of 1st and 2nd Defendants dated 17 March 2020, at para 90.

However, the simple answer was that Teelek Realty had sold these properties to
Goodtree (at market value) and completed the sales before the Ancillaries
Order was made (see [18] and [20] above). There was no reason whatsoever for
these transfers to be included in the Ancillaries Order.

(b) Wendy did not inform her lawyer in the divorce proceedings about the
alleged Trust Agreement. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE, 28 February 2020, at 44:14–17.

Hence, the exchange of correspondence between Wendy’s and the plaintiff’s
lawyers regarding the division of matrimonial assets did not mention any such
trust. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

1 AB 89–93.

129 Fifth, I found that Wendy was not a credible witness; she kept tailoring
her evidence, according to what suited her best in response to the specific
questions that were asked. In addition to her changing evidence with respect
to when the alleged Trust Agreement was reached, and when the plaintiff’s
shares were to be transferred to Shirlyn and Eugene, I found that the
following evidence further eroded her credibility.

(a) When asked whether “JCWC” stood for “Jason Chai and Wendy Chew”, Wendy
asserted that it could stand for “Jason Chai or Wendy Chew” or “Japan car or
western car”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE, 3 March 2020, at 104:5–23.

Wendy’s suggestion that “JCWC” could stand for “Japan car or western car” was
incredulous. “JCWC” was first used when JCWC Investment was incorporated on 3
April 2012 to invest in properties. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

1 AB 148–153; Wendy’s AEIC, at para 92.

The company that traded in cars, JCWC Automobile, was incorporated only five
months later on 10 September 2012. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Bundle of Plaintiff’s AEICs, at p 1577; Wendy’s SAEIC, at para 72.

I had no doubt that “JCWC” stood for “Jason Chai and Wendy Chew”.

(b) Wendy also claimed that she started her relationship with Jason Chai in
2015. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE, 3 March 2020, at 106:13–14.

However, this was clearly untrue. The JCWC entities were incorporated in 2012.
I found it unbelievable that Wendy would have incorporated companies under
“JCWC” in 2012 if she was not already in a relationship with Jason Chai then.
Further, Shirlyn and Eugene testified that Jason Chai had moved into their
house in Jurong shortly after 12 November 2011. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Shirlyn’s and Eugene’s joint AEIC, at para 11.

Obviously, Wendy’s relationship with Jason Chai started before JCWC Investment
was incorporated in April 2012.

130 In so far as the Trust Agreement was concerned, Shirlyn and Eugene relied
on Wendy’s evidence. They were not involved in the alleged discussions between
Wendy and the plaintiff.

Alternative claim based on estoppel

131 Shirlyn and Eugene had an alternative claim to the plaintiff’s shares in
Teelek Realty based on estoppel. Their pleaded case was that the plaintiff was
estopped from claiming that he was the legal and beneficial owner of his
shares in Teelek Realty. They alleged as follows: 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

D3/D4’s D&CC, at para 15D(a)–(c).

(a) During the West Coast Plaza meeting, the plaintiff told them that “they
may take what they want from [Teelek Realty]”.

(b) They took the plaintiff’s words to mean that he would be giving his shares
to them in equal portions after they “turn 21 and are mature enough”, and that
pending the transfer of the shares to them, the plaintiff would hold the
shares on trust for them.

132 I rejected Shirlyn’s and Eugene’s claim.

133 First, I could not see how the statement that Shirlyn and Eugene could
take what they wanted from Teelek Realty (assuming this statement was indeed
made) would necessarily mean that the plaintiff would transfer his shares to
them, much less that he would do so when they “turn 21 and are mature enough”.
In fact, Eugene admitted he had not understood the plaintiff’s alleged
representation to mean that the plaintiff was going to transfer his shares to
him. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE, 4 March 2020, at 49:8–50:9.

134 Second, Shirlyn’s and Eugene’s evidence as to what the plaintiff had said
to them was internally inconsistent. In their oral testimonies, both Shirlyn
and Eugene testified that the plaintiff had told them that they could take
whatever they needed or wanted from Teelek Realty. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE, 3 March 2020, at 115:25–116:9; NE, 4 March 2020, at 35:13.

This was markedly different from what they had said in their joint AEIC, which
was that the plaintiff had told them words to the effect that he would take
care of “both [their] future from his rights and shares in [Teelek Realty]”.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Shirlyn’s and Eugene’s joint AEIC, at para 19.

135 Third, to buttress their claim that the plaintiff had told them to take
what they needed from Teelek Realty, Shirlyn and Eugene asserted that the
plaintiff did not pay them maintenance after the West Coast Plaza meeting.
However, this assertion was demonstrably false; the plaintiff paid maintenance
from November 2011 until December 2014. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Exhs P3 and P4; NE, 4 March 2020, at 2:2–13 and 50:22–51:1.

136 Fourth, Shirlyn and Eugene had not acted to their detriment in reliance on
the alleged representation (see Lam Chi Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG [2011] 1
SLR 800 at [33] and [40]). Shirlyn and Eugene pleaded that, relying on the
plaintiff’s representation, they were appointed as directors and had become
shareholders in Teelek Realty. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

D3/D4’s D&CC, at para 15D(d).

However, the evidence showed that their appointment as directors and their
becoming shareholders were clearly neither in reliance on the plaintiff’s
alleged representation nor to their detriment.

(a) Shirlyn was made a director in August 2012 when the plaintiff resigned as
a director of Teelek Realty. Eugene became a director in September 2014 after
he had attained the age of 18 years. Wendy testified that it was “always the
intention of the plaintiff and [herself]” that both Shirlyn and Eugene would
be appointed as directors of Teelek Realty once they attained the age of 18
years. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Wendy’s AEIC, at para 69.

(b) Shirlyn and Eugene became shareholders pursuant to Wendy’s wishes. Wendy
admitted that they became shareholders so that Teelek Realty could meet the
quorum requirements for AGMs, and approve and file accounts. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Wendy’s AEIC, at para 73; NE, 3 March 2020, at 93:20–94:7.

137 In closing submissions, Shirlyn and Eugene belatedly raised several
purported acts of detrimental reliance, but these were never pleaded.

Conclusion

138 I dismissed the following:

(a) the plaintiff’s claim for repayment of the Loans;

(b) the plaintiff’s common law derivative action to recover the sum of
$12,564,000 on behalf of Teelek Realty;

(c) the plaintiff’s claim that Shirlyn and Eugene be struck off as directors
of Teelek Realty; and

(d) the counterclaims by Wendy, Shirlyn and Eugene.

139 I found that the transfers of one share in Teelek Realty by Wendy to each
of Shirlyn and Eugene were invalid and I ordered the transfers to be
cancelled.

140 I found that the plaintiff had made out his case under s 216 of the
Companies Act and I ordered that Teelek Realty be wound up. As I found that
Wendy’s reclassification of the Loans was wrongful, I also ordered Wendy to
return the sum of $12,564,000 to Teelek Realty and directed that Teelek
Realty’s accounts be rectified accordingly. I gave directions regarding the
appointment of liquidators.

141 I ordered Shirlyn, Wendy and Eugene to pay the plaintiff costs of the
action (including the counterclaims but excluding the plaintiff’s claim for
the repayment of the Loans) fixed at $250,000 plus disbursements to be fixed
by me if not agreed among the parties.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Suresh s/o Damodara, Ong Ziying Clement and Khoo Shufen Joni (Damodara Ong
LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Lim Seng Siew and Isabel Chew-Lau (OTP Law Corporation) for the first and
second defendants;  
Ong Ying Ping and Chua Kok Siong Kenneth (Ong Ying Ping Esq) for the third and
fourth defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

