Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 160

Suit No 186 of 2018

Between

CIMB BANK BHD

… Plaintiff

And

ITALMATIC TYRE &

RETREADING EQUIPMENT

(ASIA) PTE LTD

… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Banking] – [Lending and security]

[Contract] – [Assignment]

[Debt and Recovery] – [Right of set-off] – [Insolvency set-off]

[Evidence] – [Witnesses] – [Attendance]

  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CIMB Bank Bhd

  
v

  

Italmatic Tyre & Retreading Equipment (Asia) Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 160

High Court — Suit No 186 of 2018  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
24, 25, 30, 31 July 2019; 11 March; 2 April 2020

30 July 2020 Judgment reserved.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

1 In this action, the plaintiff seeks to recover US$2.43m plus contractual
interest from the defendant. The plaintiff claims to be entitled to recover
that sum as the assignee of its customer’s contractual rights against the
defendant.

2 For the reasons which follow, I allow the plaintiff’s claim.

Factual background

3 The plaintiff is a bank. One of the plaintiff’s customers was a company
known as Panoil Petroleum Pte Ltd (“Panoil”). Panoil sold marine fuel. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1 at p3, paras 3 to 4

The defendant is one of Panoil’s trading counterparties. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defence at para 1

Panoil is now in liquidation.

4 In June 2016, the plaintiff granted trade financing facilities to Panoil. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 3; Agreed Bundle of Documents,
Vol 1, tabs 3, 4 and 8

In July 2016, as security for the facilities, Panoil executed an all-monies
debenture (“the Debenture”) in favour of the plaintiff. The Debenture gave the
plaintiff a security interest in Panoil’s goods financed by the plaintiff and
in all of Panoil’s receivables and documents representing goods financed by
the plaintiff. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 3; Agreed Bundle of Documents,
Vol 1, tab 5

5 In July and August 2017, Panoil entered into and performed seven contracts
under which it sold and delivered seven cargoes of marine fuel to the
defendant’s order (“the Contracts”). Each Contract is evidenced by a sale
confirmation and an invoice issued by Panoil. Each delivery is evidenced by a
bunker delivery note (“BDN”) issued by an independent inspector. A sale
confirmation together with the corresponding invoice and BDN constitutes the
documentary evidence for each Contract. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p163(4) to 164(1), p166(7) to 166(19); Notes
of Evidence (30 July 2019), p66(24) to 67(8)

6 Arising from the Contracts, the defendant owed Panoil a total of US$2.43m
together with contractual interest at 2% per month from the due date of each
invoice until payment (“the Debt”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 8

The plaintiff’s claim in this action is that it is entitled to recover the
Debt from the defendant as Panoil’s assignee under cll 3.1(c) and 3.1(e) of
the Debenture (set out at [53] below). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 6

7 In August 2017, the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (“the MPA”)
discovered that Panoil had tampered with its delivery mechanism in order to
inflate the amount of marine fuel which Panoil actually delivered to its
customers. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 2, p606

The MPA took immediate steps to revoke Panoil’s licences. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 2, at p301 to 301A; p302 to 303

Panoil could not continue in business without these licences.

8 On 29 August 2017, the plaintiff sent by fax and by courier a notice of
assignment to the defendant (“the Notice”). The Notice informed the defendant
of the contents and effect of the Debenture and asked the defendant to pay the
Debt to the plaintiff. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, at p243; Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 3(d)

To evidence the Debt, the Notice attached copies of the invoices arising from
the Contracts. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, at p185 to 193

It is not disputed that the defendant received the Notice by fax on 29 August
2017 and by courier on 30 August 2017. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p112(1) to 112(23); Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1,
at p486

9 On 30 August 2017, Panoil applied to the High Court to place itself in
judicial management. On 2 October 2017, Panoil’s application was granted and
judicial managers were appointed. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 2

Panoil’s debts could not be restructured and its business could not be
rehabilitated. In April 2019, Panoil went into insolvent liquidation. The
judicial managers continued as Panoil’s liquidators. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 4

10 Meanwhile, in October 2017, the plaintiff demanded that the defendant pay
the Debt to the plaintiff as Panoil’s assignee. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Khoo May May Evelyn Vanessa’s AEIC at p225

The defendant failed to do so. The plaintiff now seeks to recover the Debt
from the defendant. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 12

11 The defendant denies liability to the plaintiff. The defendant’s case is
that, even before the plaintiff served the Notice on the defendant, Panoil and
the defendant had agreed to extinguish the Debt by setting it off against
Panoil’s debt to the defendant (“the Set-off Defence”); in the alternative,
that Panoil had cancelled the Debt (“the Cancellation Defence”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 4

Preliminary issues

12 Before I analyse these two defences, I must first deal with two preliminary
issues: (a) whether the Contracts incorporate Panoil’s standard terms and
conditions of trading; and (b) whether Panoil’s assignment of the Debt to the
plaintiff is effective.

The Contracts incorporate Panoil’s terms and conditions

13 The plaintiff relies on cl 8.2 of Panoil’s Terms and Conditions for the
Sale of Marine Fuel (“Panoil’s T&Cs”) to meet the Set-off Defence. The
defendant denies that the Contracts incorporate cl 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs.
Clause 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs expressly obliges the defendant to pay Panoil
under the Contracts without deduction, set-off or counterclaim: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p406A

Payment for each delivery of marine fuel shall be in United States Dollars or
Singapore Dollars as specified in the invoice and such payment shall be made
by the Buyer free and clear of any deduction, set-off, counter claims,
whatsoever on cash in advance or by telegraphic transfer to Seller’s bank
after each delivery is completed as directed by Seller on the date show on the
invoice.

[emphasis added]

The parties’ arguments

14 The plaintiff’s primary submission is that each Contract expressly
incorporates Panoil’s T&Cs, and therefore cl 8.2. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) at para 5; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement
at para 9

It relies on the following endorsement which appears under a column headed
“Terms” in each sale confirmation: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 11; Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p212 to 218

This sales [sic] is subjected [sic] to the standard terms and conditions of
Panoil which is [sic] updated from time to time.

15 The plaintiff’s alternative submission is that each Contract incorporates
cl 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs by the parties’ prior course of dealings or as an
implied term. Between April 2017 and June 2017, the parties entered into six
transactions, identical in structure to those underlying the Contracts. In
that course of dealing, consistently with cl 8.2, the defendant paid Panoil in
full within the number of days after delivery stipulated in the invoice, free
and clear of any deduction, set-off or counterclaim. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Reply (Amendment No. 2) at para 5(a)

16 The plaintiff’s final alternative submission is that a clause excluding
set-off is common in the marine fuel trade. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 107

17 The defendant’s submission is that it is not bound by cl 8.2 of Panoil’s
T&Cs 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 4(b); Defendant’s Closing Submissions at
para 6

because: (a) the sale confirmations on which the plaintiff relies are
fabricated; (b) even if they are not fabricated, the defendant did not sign
and stamp the confirmations; (c) even if the defendant did sign and stamp the
confirmations, a final draft of Panoil’s T&Cs was not in existence when Panoil
issued the confirmations; (d) even if a final draft of Panoil’s T&Cs was in
existence at that time, Panoil did not make those terms and conditions known
to the defendant; (e) the defendant received the confirmations by email from
Panoil long after Panoil had delivered the marine fuel; and (f) the defendant
would never have accepted a term excluding set-off. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 11 to 14

18 For the reasons which follow, I reject each of the defendant’s submissions.
I therefore accept the plaintiff’s submission that the Contracts incorporate
Panoil’s T&Cs and, in particular, cl 8.2.

The law on incorporation of contractual terms

19 The “law adopts an objective approach towards questions of contractual
formation and the incorporation of terms” (R1 International Pte Ltd v
Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521 at [51] (“Lonstroff”)). Whether a term is
incorporated into a contract therefore turns, as is usual in matters of
contract, upon ascertaining the parties’ objective intentions from their
communications and conduct in light of the relevant background at the time
they entered into the contract.

20 The relevant background includes the industry in which the parties are in
business, the character of the document which contains the terms in question
as well as the course of dealings between the parties (Lonstroff at [51]). For
example, if the parties ordinarily agree on a set of essential terms first
while continuing negotiations on the other, more detailed terms, the terms
agreed later will be more readily found to have been incorporated into their
contract (Lonstroff at [52]). Further, even if a party does not expressly
communicate acceptance of the terms in question, the party’s positive,
negative or even neutral conduct is capable of evincing acceptance (Midlink
Development Pte Ltd v The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258 at [50]
and [52]).

21 Terms may also be incorporated by notice. As the learned authors of The Law
of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing,
2012) (“The Law of Contract in Singapore”) observe at para 7.22, incorporation
by notice “is, by its very nature, heavily dependent on the particular facts
of the case concerned”. Actual notice is not required, and notice which is
objectively reasonable will suffice.

22 Circle Freight International Ltd (trading as Mogul Air) v Medeast Gulf
Exports Ltd (trading as Gulf Export) [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Law Reports 427
illustrates these principles. In that case, the English Court of Appeal held
that the standard terms and conditions of an industry body were incorporated
into the parties’ contract by reference and by a course of dealing. Each
invoice which the plaintiff issued to the defendant carried the following
express endorsement: “all business is transacted by the company under the
current trading conditions of the Institute of Freight Forwarders, a copy of
which is available on request”. The plaintiff sent an invoice bearing this
endorsement to the defendant on at least 11 occasions over six months
preceding the consignment which gave rise to the dispute. The English Court of
Appeal held that the contract covering the disputed consignment incorporated
the industry body’s trading conditions. As Taylor LJ said at 433:

[I]t is not necessary to the incorporation of trading terms into a contract
that they should be specifically set out provided that they are conditions in
common or usual terms in the relevant business. It is sufficient if adequate
notice is given identifying and relying upon the conditions and they are
available on request. Other considerations apply if the conditions or any of
them are particularly onerous or unusual.

23 Taylor LJ’s final point is echoed in the observation of Belinda Ang J in
Wartsila Singapore Pte Ltd v Lau Yew Choong and another suit [2017] 5 SLR 268
at [122]. Ang J noted there that, where a term is onerous or unusual, there is
an enhanced standard for ascertaining whether a party was given reasonable
notice of it. The defendant does not suggest that cl 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs is
an onerous or unusual term. In any event, for the reasons set out at [39]–[42]
below, I accept that clauses which exclude set-off are common in the marine
fuel industry.

The sale confirmations are not fabricated

24 As a threshold issue, the defendant submits that the sale confirmations are
fabricated. In particular, the submission is that the defendant’s company
stamp and countersignature on the sale confirmations are not genuine. For this
submission, the defendant relies on the evidence of Mr Parry Yeo (“Mr Yeo”).
Mr Yeo was the defendant’s managing director at the material time. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Reply (Amendment No. 2) at para 7(c)

Mr Yeo testified that the defendant’s genuine company stamp is 2 mm smaller
than that which appears on the sale confirmations. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p183(4) to 183(14)

He also testified that the countersignature on the sale confirmations is not
that of any of the defendant’s authorised signatories. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Yeo Kok Hai Parry’s AEIC at para 5; Exhibit “YKH-1”

25 The defendant also called Panoil’s managing director at the material time,
Mr Yong Chee Ming (“Mr Yong”). He testified that Panoil had an oral agreement
with the defendant which allowed Panoil to apply the defendant’s company stamp
to its sale confirmations and to sign sale confirmations for the defendant. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p39(23) to 41(1)

Mr Yong later gave a different version. He said that it was not in fact an
agreement. He said instead that Panoil’s staff had told the defendant
unilaterally that Panoil would apply the defendant’s company stamp and sign
the sale confirmations for the defendant, allegedly to comply with financing
requirements imposed by the plaintiff. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p47(23) to 48(14)

Mr Yong does not suggest that the defendant ever objected to the practice he
described in his second version. The defendant denies both versions. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p46(14) to 46(16)

26 I accept Mr Yong’s evidence and reject Mr Yeo’s evidence. Mr Yong’s
evidence is more consistent with the objective evidence and the inherent
probabilities.

27 The difference in the size of the company stamp is meaningless. It is not
uncommon for a company to have more than one company stamp and for there to be
minor variations between them, including as to size. I also note that the
seven sale confirmations underlying the Contracts bear the same company stamp
as appears on the six earlier sale confirmations which comprise the parties’
prior course of dealings (see [15] above). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents at pp19, 24, 28, 32, 36 and 38; Bundle of
AEICs, Vol 1, p344, 349, 354, 359, 364, 369

The defendant certainly has never challenged the authenticity of its company
stamp on these earlier sale confirmations, whether after receiving them or in
the course of this litigation.

28 I reject any attempt on the defendant’s part to attack Mr Yong’s
credibility. Mr Yong was the defendant’s own witness. At common law, a party
may not attack the credibility of its own witness and cross-examine the
witness unless certain conditions are met. This common law rule is given
statutory expression in s 156 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (see
PP v BAU [2016] 5 SLR 146 at [24]). The reason for the rule is that a party
who calls a witness at trial is deemed to put the witness forward as a witness
of truth. The party accordingly vouches to the court for the honesty of the
witness (see Alexander v Gibson (1811) 2 Camp. 555). A party cannot resile
from this and discredit its own witness unless specific conditions are met.
The rule places a salutary burden on a party to choose its witnesses
carefully.

29 On Mr Yong’s evidence, whichever of his two versions at [25] above is true,
the defendant cannot now allege that the defendant’s acceptance of the sale
confirmations is fabricated. On the first version, Panoil applied the
defendant’s company stamp and signed the confirmations for the defendant with
the defendant’s express agreement. On the second version, Panoil did so with
the defendant’s knowledge and acquiescence. Mr Yeo’s evidence that none of the
defendant’s authorised signatories signed the sale confirmations for the
defendant is immaterial. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p184(19) to 184(22)

The defendant was and is bound by the sale confirmations.

30 It follows that I also reject the defendant’s submission that it is not
bound by Panoil’s T&Cs because it did not sign and stamp the sale
confirmations. In any event, there is no legal requirement at common law that
a contractual counterparty either sign or stamp a document in order to be
bound by the contract which the document embodies. All that is required is
that the contractual counterparty signify somehow that it accepts the
contractual terms. A signature or a company stamp on the document may be the
strongest evidence of acceptance. But it is by no means a legal requirement at
common law (The Law of Contract in Singapore at para 06.019). The defendant
cites no authority to the contrary. The defendant clearly accepted the terms
set out and incorporated in the sale confirmations. If nothing else, it did so
by conduct.

Panoil’s T&Cs came into existence as early as June 2016

31 Second, I do not accept the defendant’s submission that the final draft of
Panoil’s T&Cs came into existence only after Panoil had issued the sale
confirmations to the defendant. The plaintiff’s Director of Commercial Banking
at the material time was Ms Vanessa Khoo (“Ms Khoo”). The plaintiff’s
relationship manager in charge of Panoil’s account at the material time was Ms
Lai Shing Joo (“Ms Lai”). Both of them gave evidence at trial. Their evidence
is that Panoil gave a copy of Panoil’s T&Cs to the plaintiff at the outset of
their banking relationship, ie, in June 2016. The plaintiff then placed the
copy in Panoil’s credit file. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Lai Shing Joo’s AEIC at para 14; Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p87(6) to
88(15), p102(15) to 102(25)

32 I accept Ms Khoo’s and Ms Lai’s evidence. The defendant attempts to cast
doubt on their evidence by pointing to a WhatsApp exchange between Ms Lai and
Mr Yong in September 2017. The defendant’s case is that Ms Lai asked Mr Yong
for a copy of Panoil’s T&Cs in this exchange. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p409 to 410

The defendant submits that Ms Lai’s request in September 2017 would not have
been necessary if Panoil had indeed given the plaintiff a copy of Panoil’s
T&Cs in June 2016.

33 I reject this submission. In the WhatsApp exchange, Ms Lai did not ask for
a copy of Panoil’s T&Cs. Rather, she asked “for the sales contract of various
suppliers”. Mr Yong responded with a copy of Panoil’s T&Cs. I accept that Ms
Lai was simply trying to ascertain the specific terms of the Contracts in view
of Panoil’s deteriorating solvency in September 2017. Thus, she replied that
she was not asking for Panoil’s T&Cs. She said: “Not this one, we need the
sales contract from your suppliers”, mentioning the defendant by name. Mr Yong
understood this. That is why he replied to Ms Lai to say that Panoil only has
the sale confirmations and Panoil’s T&Cs. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p409 to 410; Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p89(22)
to 90(25)

This WhatsApp exchange does not contradict the plaintiff’s evidence that
Panoil gave a copy of its T&Cs to the plaintiff in June 2016.

34 I therefore find that Panoil’s T&Cs, including cl 8.2 in its current form,
were in existence as early as June 2016, well before Panoil and the defendant
entered into the Contracts in July and August 2017. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p100(11) to 101(2)

35 The defendant relies on Mr Yong’s suggestion that the document setting out
Panoil’s T&Cs which the plaintiff adduced in evidence at trial is not the
“final copy of the standard terms and conditions” as they stood in July and
August 2017. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p72(1) to 72(8), p217(12) to 217(15)

This suggestion is, to my mind, immaterial. Mr Yong does not deny that a set
of Panoil’s T&Cs existed in July and August 2017 which governed the
contractual relationship between Panoil and the defendant. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p68(12) to 68(18)

Further, each sale confirmation expressly provides that it is governed by
Panoil’s T&Cs as they may be “updated from time to time” (see [14] above). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p74(7) to 74(11)

This language suffices to capture and incorporate the existing version of
Panoil’s T&Cs into each Contract.

36 Mr Yong also points out that Panoil’s T&Cs were amended and updated. But
the update was merely to correct a grammatical error in cl 8.5. He confirmed
that cl 8.2 had remained “untouched” by the update. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p73(21) to 73(24)

It is in any event, not the defendant’s case that there was ever a version of
Panoil’s T&Cs which did not contain cl 8.2.

Immaterial that the sale confirmations followed delivery

37 Third, even though Panoil sent the sale confirmations to the defendant
after the marine fuel had been delivered, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, p39 to 63

this does not mean that the Contracts did not incorporate Panoil’s T&Cs. This
is because the common law acknowledges that it is “not uncommon for parties to
first agree on a set of essential terms which the parties may be bound by as a
matter of law and on the basis of which they may act, even while there may be
ongoing discussions on the incorporation of other usually detailed terms”
(Lonstroff ([19] supra]) at [52]).

38 Further, the defendant’s argument that the Contracts would have been
performed and discharged by the time the defendant received the sale
confirmations is factually misconceived. The Contracts have never been
discharged by bilateral performance. Under the Contracts, the defendant was
obliged to pay the plaintiff under the Contracts within either 35 days (under
six of the Contracts) or 45 days (under one of the Contracts) from the date of
delivery. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p286 to 292

It is undisputed that the defendant has never paid Panoil under the Contracts.
Subject only to the Set-off Defence, which I analyse and reject at [76]–[137]
below, the defendant’s contractual obligation to pay Panoil has never been
discharged by performance.

No set-off clauses are common in the industry

39 Fourth, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that a no set-off clause is a
common clause in the marine fuel industry. The plaintiff refers to the English
Court of Appeal decision of CMA-CGM Marseille v Petro Bunker International
(formerly known as Petroval Bunker International) [2011] EWCA Civ 461. In that
case, Tomlinson LJ referred to Steel J’s decision below in refusing leave to
appeal, in which he observed that a no set-off clause is “commonplace in the
oil supply industry” (at [13], citing Totsa Total Oil Trading SA v Bharat
Petroleum Corp Ltd [2005] EWHC 1641 (Comm)).

40 The prevalence of no set-off clauses is also illustrated by the General
Terms and Conditions published by an international shipping association, The
Baltic and International Maritime Council (“BIMCO”). Clause 8(b) of the BIMCO
Standard Terms and Conditions provides that “payment shall be made in full,
without set-off, counterclaim, deduction and/or discount, and free of bank
charges”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Khoo May May Evelyn Vanessa’s Supplementary AEIC at paras 15 to 18; p43

The defendant did not challenge this point either at trial or in its
submissions. It thus should be taken to accept it (Chan Lie Sian v Public
Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 439 at [65]).

41 Given that a no set-off clause is common in the industry, it is not
necessary to apply an enhanced standard to ascertain whether Panoil gave the
defendant reasonable notice of the term (see [22]–[23] above). I find that
Panoil did give reasonable notice to the defendant of the no set-off clause in
all the circumstances. Panoil and the defendant are experienced commercial
parties. Their commercial relationship stretches back to 2015. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p142(13) to 143(1)

Each sale confirmation makes express reference to Panoil’s T&Cs under its
“Terms” column. The reference is not only express but also clear and
prominent. It is not, as sometimes happens, illegible or hidden in fine print.
The sale confirmation is itself a brief document. It does not claim to spell
out in detail the terms of the parties’ agreement. Even though there is a
column headed “Additional Terms” in each sale confirmation, only a few
additional terms are listed there. Any experienced commercial party would be
aware that the detailed terms governing the whole of the contractual
relationship between the parties must be set out in the separate document
which is expressly referred to in the sale confirmations ie, Panoil’s T&Cs.

42 It is true that the sale confirmations do not have an express provision
obliging Panoil to supply a copy of Panoil’s T&Cs to the defendant upon
request. But I do not think that this affects the analysis. Panoil and the
defendant are in the same industry. They have a course of dealing with each
other. The absence of an express provision to this effect does not mean that
the defendant has no right to ask Panoil for a copy of Panoil’s T&Cs or that
Panoil would refuse to supply a copy if asked. It is telling that the
defendant never once did ask Panoil for a copy. Indeed, the defendant never
even asked Panoil for a summary of the contents of Panoil’s T&Cs. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p104(18) to 104(23)

The defendant must be taken to have accepted Panoil’s T&Cs.

The defendant’s subjective intention is immaterial

43 Finally, the defendant attempts to disclaim cl 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs by
asserting that it would never have agreed to such a term. I reject the
attempt. The defendant’s subjective intent is legally irrelevant on the
objective approach to contract and to the incorporation of terms. This
argument is nothing more than a self-serving afterthought.

Conclusion

44 In the absence of fraud and misrepresentation, a party is bound by all of
the terms of a contract that it signs, even if that party did not read or
understand those terms (Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd v Samsung C&T Corp and another
[2019] 2 SLR 295 at [58]). That is true whether the contract sets those terms
out in its body or incorporates those terms by reference. I am therefore
satisfied that, on the objective approach, each of the Contracts incorporates
Panoil’s T&Cs. The defendant is accordingly obliged by cl 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs
to pay the Debt to Panoil without deduction, set-off or counterclaims.

Panoil’s assignment of the Debt to the plaintiff is effective

45 The plaintiff’s case against the defendant rests on the fundamental
proposition that Panoil assigned the Debt to the plaintiff. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at paras 36 and 37

The defendant, in response, does not suggest that the plaintiff has failed to
satisfy any of the legal requirements for an assignment which is effective to
support the plaintiff’s claim in this action, including the requirement of
notice. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3(c)

Instead, the defendant focuses its attack on the Debenture.

46 The defendant submits that: (a) the defendant has no knowledge of the
Debenture; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 3(b)

(b) the defendant would never have agreed to the assignment under the
Debenture; 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3(b)(ii); Notes of Evidence (30 July
2019), p75(17) to 76(10)

(c) there is no receivable due to Panoil from the defendant on which cl 3.1(c)
of the Debenture can operate; and (d) cl 3.1(e) of the Debenture is not wide
enough to capture Panoil’s future contractual rights, such as the Debt.

47 All of these submissions are misconceived.

Defendant’s knowledge of the Debenture immaterial

48 The defendant’s first attack 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3(b)(ii); Notes of Evidence (30 July
2019), p75(17) to 76(10)

on the assignment is that the defendant was unaware of the Debenture. This
attack is misconceived. The defendant does not challenge either the
authenticity or validity of the Debenture. The defendant must thus be taken to
accept that the Debenture binds the plaintiff and Panoil in accordance with
its terms.

49 Given that, whether the defendant was or was not aware of the Debenture or
of its terms is immaterial in law to whether Panoil’s assignment of the Debt
to the plaintiff is effective.

Defendant’s agreement to assignment unnecessary

50 The defendant then submits that Panoil was precluded from assigning the
Debt to the plaintiff because Panoil’s obligor, in this case the defendant,
would never agree to assignment under the Debenture. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 3(b)(ii); Notes of Evidence (30 July
2019), p75(17) to 76(10)

This argument is likewise misconceived.

51 The consent of the obligor at the time of the assignment is not one of the
legal requirements for an effective assignment. Simply put, an assignor’s
right to assign a contractual right is subject only to any restrictions on the
right of assignment which the obligor may have bargained for in the contract
out of which that right arises. The defendant does not suggest that the
Contracts contained any provision barring Panoil from assigning the Debt,
whether under the Debenture or otherwise.

Debenture covers book debts and receivables gross

52 The defendant next makes the submission that the Debt does not fall within
the terms of the Debenture. The first ground on which the defendant makes this
submission is that there is no “book debt” or “receivable” due from the
defendant to Panoil on which the Debenture can operate because Panoil’s books
show that the defendant was a creditor of Panoil rather than a debtor. This
submission too is misconceived.

53 Clauses 3.1(c) and 3.1(e) of the Debenture provide as follows: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, at p78

3.1 The Borrower as legal and beneficial owner and as a continuing security
for the payment and discharge of the Secured Obligations:

…

(c) assigns and charges to the Bank by way of first fixed security all
Receivables and all other present and future book debts and other debts and
all moneys whatsoever, for the time being due, owing or payable to the
Borrower relating to or arising from any and all Goods and Relevant Agreements
by any person whatsoever, and the benefit of any of any Encumbrances and
securities for the time being held by the Borrower in respect of any such
debts or moneys;

…

(e) assigns and charges to the Bank by way of first fixed security all present
and future contract rights, receivables, book and other debts and monetary
claims now or at any time hereafter due or owing to the Borrower, in
consideration of or against which the Bank has extended or may hereafter
extend banking or credit facilities or accommodation of any kind, together
with the full benefit of guarantees and securities therefor and indemnities in
respect thereof and all Collateral Instruments, liens, reservations of title,
rights of tracing and other rights enabling the Borrower to enforce such
contract rights, receivables, debts or claims;

…

[emphasis added]

54 By referring to “book debts”, cl 3.1(c) of the Debenture makes clear that
the clause operates whether or not the defendant is recorded as a creditor or
a debtor in Panoil’s books. “Book debts” are different from net debts or a net
position. Until and unless the parties take a settled account and arrive at a
net position, the debts on each side remain distinct. As such, they are liable
to be paid and recovered gross.

55 In that sense, this aspect of the defendant’s submission places the cart
before the horse. Whether the defendant is recorded as a creditor or a debtor
in Panoil’s books depends on whether the debts due from the defendant to
Panoil under the Contracts have been extinguished by being set off against
debts due from Panoil to the defendant. This argument therefore presupposes
that the defendant’s Set-off Defence has succeeded. I analyse and reject the
Set-off Defence at [76]–[137] below.

56 Further, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that each Contract and its
associated invoice gives rise to a book debt. A book debt is a debt which
arises in the ordinary course of a company’s business (Jurong Data Centre
Development Pte Ltd (provisional liquidator appointed) (receivers and managers
appointed) v M+W Singapore Pte Ltd and others [2011] 3 SLR 337 at [80]).
Moreover, a “book debt” is a debt which should be entered in such books as
should be kept in the business and as would, if properly kept, sufficiently
disclose the company’s business transactions and financial position from time
to time (Duncan, Cameron Lindsay and another v Diablo Fortune Inc and another
matter [2018] 4 SLR 240 at [43], citing Motor Credits Ltd v WF Wollaston Ltd
(1929) 29 SR (NSW) 227 at 244).

57 In determining whether a particular debt is a “book debt”, the court looks
at whether it is the practice to enter the debt in question in well-kept books
of account in the ordinary course of a company’s business. It is not, however,
necessary that the debt be actually entered in the company’s books. A debt
which is omitted from the books does not by that fact alone cease to be a book
debt (Paul & Frank Ltd v Discount Bank (Overseas) Ltd [1967] Ch 348 at 360F –
361C). It is also the common understanding that each account receivable is a
book debt (Dawson v Isle [1906] 1 Ch 633 at 637; In re Stevens [1888] W.N 110
at 116).

58 I therefore agree that each Contract and its associated invoice constitutes
a book debt for the purposes of cl 3.1(c) of the Debenture. These debts ought
to be entered into well-kept books of account in the ordinary course of
Panoil’s business and is prima facie enforceable by action by Panoil directly
against the defendant. The Debt therefore comprises seven book debts.

Debenture covers future debts

59 The second ground on which the defendant submits that Panoil’s rights under
the Contracts do not fall within the terms of the Debenture is that the terms
of the Debenture capture only Panoil’s contractual rights which were in
existence at the time Panoil executed the Debenture in July 2016 and not
Panoil’s future contractual rights, such as the Debt, which arose only in July
and August 2017.

60 Clause 3.1(c) of the Debenture assigns to the plaintiff, by way of fixed
security, “all … future book debts” [emphasis added]. Clause 3.1(e) further
assigns “all … future contract rights, receivables, books and other debts and
monetary claims now or at any time hereafter due, owing or payable to the
Borrower” [emphasis added]. The explicit references to the “future” and to
“any time hereafter” make the defendant’s argument misconceived. Both clauses
clearly cover book debts and contractual rights which come into existence
after Panoil granted the plaintiff the Debenture.

61 The Debenture accordingly captures the Debt even though it did not exist at
the time of the Debenture.

Conclusion

62 I am satisfied that the Debenture is effective to assign all of Panoil’s
rights against the defendant under the Contracts to the plaintiff. I therefore
reject the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff has no right to bring
this action as Panoil’s assignee under the Debenture.

The Defences

63 As I have mentioned, the defendant raises two substantive defences to the
plaintiff’s claim: (a) the Set-off Defence; and (b) the Cancellation Defence.
I summarise them now.

64 The Set-off Defence runs as follows. Panoil and the defendant entered into
a set-off agreement on 1 July 2015 (“the Set-off Agreement”). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, at p241

The Set-off Agreement permitted each party to set off its undisputed invoices
against the other party’s undisputed invoices. The effect was to nullify
contractually cl 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs. By an exchange of letters on 13 August
2017, both parties agreed to apply the Set-off Agreement to their intercompany
balances. All of the debts owing between Panoil and the defendant as at 13
August 2017 have accordingly been set off by agreement. This includes the
Debt. The Debt was therefore extinguished by discharge well before the
defendant received the Notice on 29 August 2017.

65 The Cancellation Defence runs as follows. Panoil cancelled all seven of the
invoices issued under the Contracts on 18 August 2017. The Debt was therefore
extinguished by cancellation well before the defendant received the Notice on
29 August 2017.

66 The plaintiff’s case in reply is that the documents which form the basis of
both the Set-off Defence and the Cancellation Defence are fabrications, ie,
they do not reflect any actual set-off or cancellation effected in August 2017
or at all. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Reply (Amendment No. 2) at para 8

The defendant has brought these documents into existence purely to be adduced
as evidence in these proceedings.

67 If the documents are indeed fabrications, both defences must necessarily
fail.

The plaintiff puts in issue the authenticity of the defence documents

68 The question of authenticity is an evidential issue that must be kept
conceptually distinct from the more usual evidential issues of admissibility,
relevance and weight. Evidence which is fabricated is not really evidence at
all. It is incapable of being relevant to any fact in issue (other than to
prove the fabrication itself). Without relevance, the question of
admissibility does not even arise. As I observed in Super Group Ltd v Mysore
Nagaraja Kartik [2018] SGHC 192 (“Super Group”) at [53]:

Authenticity is a necessary condition of admissibility. It is true that formal
proof of authenticity is commonly dispensed with in civil cases, but that
should not be allowed to obscure the fundamental evidential point that, until
authenticity is established, admissibility has no meaning. Evidence which has
been fabricated is no evidence at all: it is incapable of proving anything
other than, perhaps, the very fact that it has been fabricated.

[emphasis added]

69 A document cannot be admitted in evidence until its authenticity has been
established (Singapore Tourism Board v Children’s Media Ltd and others [2008]
3 SLR(R) 981 at [78], citing Chong Khee Sang v Pang Ah Chee [1984] 1 MLJ 377
at 381). And even after authenticity has been established, it is still
necessary to prove the truth of the contents of the document by admissible
evidence (Jet Holding Ltd and others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another and other appeals [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 (“Jet Holding”) at [76]).

70 The authenticity of a document must be proved by admissible evidence: s 106
the Evidence Act. A witness who proves a document must do so by evidence as to
the circumstances in which the document was created which is either: (a)
direct evidence of those circumstances within the meaning of s 62 of the Act;
or (b) within one of the exceptions to the requirement in s 62 of the Act,
principally those in s 32 of the Act. That ordinarily means, for all practical
purposes, that a witness who proves a document must either be the maker of the
document or someone who was present when the maker created the document.

71 A litigant is entitled to object to the authenticity of documents adduced
in evidence by its opponent and to require the opponent to prove them in
accordance with the Evidence Act (see Jet Holding at [51]). However, pursuant
to O 27 r 4(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of
Court”), a party is deemed to admit the authenticity of a document in its
opponent’s list of documents unless that party issues a notice of non-
admission in respect of that document within the time stipulated in O 27 r
4(2) of the Rules of Court (Jet Holding at [73]). The purpose of this notice
is to forewarn the opponent that it will be required to prove the document at
trial.

72 The plaintiff duly filed and served on the defendant a notice of non-
admission under O 27 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court in respect of all of the key
documents which the defendant relies upon for the Set-off Defence and the
Cancellation Defence. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s Notice of Non-Admission, 4 July 2018

The authenticity of these documents have validly been put in issue.

73 It is the defendant who asserts that these documents are authentic. Under s
105 of the Evidence Act, the burden is squarely upon the defendant to prove
that assertion. Under s 106 of the Act, the defendant must prove the
documents’ authenticity by evidence which is itself admissible.

74 I note here that, with one exception, all of the documents which the
defendant adduces to support its two defences are not originals. The defendant
has failed to establish that any of the exceptions in s 67 of the Evidence Act
permitting secondary evidence of these copy documents applies. Defendant’s
counsel nevertheless submits that all of these copies fall within s
32(1)(b)(iv) of the Act, being documents “compiled by a person acting in the
ordinary course of a trade, business, profession or occupation based on
information supplied by other persons”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Oral Closing Submissions, 10 March 2020

This may be so, but s 32(1)(b)(iv) goes to admissibility, not authenticity.
This section neither dispenses with the defendant’s burden to establish the
anterior evidential issue of authenticity nor establishes authenticity ipso
facto.

75 I now analyse the Set-off Defence and the Cancellation Defence in turn. In
the course of that analysis, I will consider the authenticity of the
underlying documents.

The Set-off Defence

76 The Set-off Agreement is fundamental to the Set-off Defence. The
defendant’s case is that Panoil and the defendant entered into the Set-off
Agreement on 1 July 2015. On 13 August 2017, the defendant and Panoil effected
a set-off by an exchange of letters (“D’s 13 August Letter” and “Panoil’s 13
August Letter” respectively; collectively, the “13 August Letters”). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defence at para 5(b)(i)

This exchange of letters set off and extinguished by discharge the amounts
Panoil and the defendant owed each other on that date. This set-off was
reflected in Contra Statement No. IP-001 dated 15 August 2017 (“the Contra
Statement”). The defendant prepared the Contra Statement and both the
defendant and Panoil signed it. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, at p514

The defendant therefore no longer owed the Debt to Panoil when it received the
Notice on 29 August 2017. This set-off is why Panoil’s accounts reflect the
defendant as a creditor of Panoil rather than a debtor. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at paras 11 and 12; Notes of Evidence (24 July
2019), p47(4) to 48(22)

77 In response, the plaintiff disputes the authenticity of: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 23; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at
para 31

(a) the Set-off Agreement; 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s AEIC at para 11; Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p152(16) to
152(19)

(b) the 13 August Letters; and (c) the Contra Statement. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Reply (Amendment No. 2) at para 8

The plaintiff’s grounds are as follows. Panoil’s judicial managers found the
Set-off Agreement in Panoil’s books and records in October 2017. They
forwarded a copy to the plaintiff’s solicitors in November 2017. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Lim Yueh Hung’s AEIC at para 11

In the first half of 2018 and again in August 2018, the plaintiff asked the
judicial managers to look for the 13 August Letters and the Contra Statement
in Panoil’s records. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p423 at paras 6(a) and 7

On both occasions, the judicial managers could not find any of these
documents. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p427, at para 16

On this basis, the plaintiff submits that these documents are fabrications.
Clause 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs has not been nullified by contract. It continues
to bind the defendant and precludes it from effecting or purporting to effect
any set off. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Reply (Amendment No. 2) at para 7(a)(ii)

78 In the alternative, the plaintiff argues that, even if these documents are
not fabrications, the defendant is precluded from relying on the set-off
purportedly effected on 13 August 2017 because it participated in Panoil’s
wrongdoing by effecting the set-off. As I have held that the plaintiff
succeeds on the first argument, it is not necessary for me to consider the
remaining arguments in detail. I do nevertheless make some observations on the
plaintiff’s alternative argument at [125]–[137] below.

The contents of the underlying documents

79 In the Set-off Agreement, Panoil and the defendant agreed that each party
would be entitled to set off its own invoices against the other party’s
invoices from time to time without reference to the other party: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p259

In consideration of our continuing to transact with each other hereafter, we,
the undersigned companies, hereby mutually agree that each party is entitled
to set off its invoices against the other party’s invoices from time to time,
without further reference to the other party, and the set-off is binding on
both parties.

The set-off is only applicable for undisputed amounts in the invoice. Where
there is a dispute as to the amount, this will not be used to offset the
balances and the parties will try to resolve the dispute amicably through
negotiations with respective heads of companies whilst at all times retaining
their rights to pursue any legal action if necessary.

80 In 2017, by D’s 13 August Letter, the defendant proposed to Panoil that the
balances between the two companies be immediately set off in view of Panoil’s
financial difficulties: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, p63; Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p242

Dear Mary

Re: Panoil Petroleum Pte Ltd

We understand from our market contacts that Panoil’s licenses are affected and
your banking lines may be affected.

Our current supply arrangement will cease with immediate effect due to this
uncertainty.

We are prepared to support your company with the tyre oil after we receive
strong warranties on payment.

In the meantime, we are proposing to offset the inter company balances and
settle all outstanding [sic] by month end.

Adrian Lum

Italmatic Tyre & Retreading Equipment (Asia) Pte Ltd

81 Panoil’s 13 August Letter in response confirmed a set-off of the
intercompany balances in accordance with the two-page statement attached to
the letter: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p260

Attn: Mr Adrian

We confirm the contra as per Panoil Petroleum’s statement of contra attached.

Yours faithfully,

Mary Chua

On behalf of Panoil Petroleum Pte Ltd

82 The Contra Statement is a separate document dated 15 August 2017. It is
signed by Mr Yeo on behalf of the defendant and Mr Yong on behalf of Panoil.
It shows that the defendant, after the purported set-off, is a net creditor of
Panoil in the sum of US$2,100. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p514

The Set-off Agreement is authentic

83 I am satisfied that the Set-off Agreement is authentic. In other words, I
accept that was in fact created and signed by or on behalf of the parties to
the agreement on or about the date that it bears. I am also satisfied that it
is not a sham. In other words, I accept that the parties executed the Set-off
Agreement in order to represent in documentary form an actual agreement which
they had reached on or about 1 July 2015. It is significant to me, in making
these findings, that Panoil’s judicial managers were able to find the Set-off
Agreement in Panoil’s books and records. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p425 at para 11

84 The Set-off Agreement, however, is of no consequence to my decision on the
Set-off Defence. I say that for four reasons.

85 First, the Set-off Agreement does not provide that all debts owing between
Panoil and the defendant in the future will be automatically set off against
one another. It merely entitles either party to effect a set-off “from time to
time, without further reference to the other party”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p241

The Set-off Agreement therefore contemplates that a party must take a further
step to exercise its entitlement and actually to set-off the intercompany
debts. Until that further step is taken, there is no set-off.

86 Second, none of the Contracts subjects the Debt to the Set-off Agreement.
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p152(16) to 153(9)

Further, the Set-off Agreement does not refer specifically to the Debt.
Indeed, it could not: the Debt did not exist when the parties entered into the
Set-off Agreement in July 2015.

87 Finally, the specific terms of the Contracts are inconsistent with the Set-
off Agreement. As I have found, the Contracts incorporate cl 8.2 of Panoil’s
T&Cs. This provision requires the defendant to pay Panoil the Debt without
deduction, set-off or counterclaim. Clause 8.2 operates contractually to
preclude the defendant from exercising its entitlement under the Set-off
Agreement.

88 That is not, of course, the end of the matter. It was within the power of
Panoil and the defendant to vary the Contracts by nullifying cl 8.2 of
Panoil’s T&Cs. The parties do not dispute this. But it is not the defendant’s
case that the 13 August Letters effected any such variation. That is no doubt
because the essential element of consideration is lacking to support the
variation: Panoil was either insolvent or near insolvency in August 2017 and
gained nothing from a set-off.

The 13 August Letters are fabrications

89 The issue of whether Panoil and the defendant effected a set off of the
Debt does not therefore turn on the authenticity of the Set-off Agreement. It
turns only on the authenticity of the 13 August Letters and the Contra
Statement. I find these documents to be fabrications. I make two observations
of general application on this issue before giving my specific reasons for
this finding.

90 First, the defendant failed to prove the 13 August Letters and the Contra
Statement at trial. The defendant did not call the two signatories of the two
13 August Letters to prove them. It did not call the maker of the Contra
Statement to prove it. It attempted to prove these documents through the oral
evidence of Mr Yeo and Mr Yong. But neither of these men is the maker of
either of these documents. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p115(23) to 116(1)

Neither man could give any evidence which is admissible to prove these
documents.

91 Second, Mr Yeo was a wholly unsatisfactory witness. He was less than
forthcoming in cross-examination. His evidence lacked clarity and consistency
and was entirely self-serving. The defendant’s evidence on the authenticity of
these documents, even if admissible, was bereft of credibility.

92 I now set out five specific reasons for rejecting the Set-off Defence and
for my finding that the 13 August Letters and the Contra Statement are
fabrications.

(1) Circumstances leading up to the set-off

93 Mr Yeo’s evidence about the lead up to the set-off was wholly
unsatisfactory. It was inconsistent not only with Mr Yong’s evidence but also
– and more importantly – with the contents of the 13 August Letters
themselves.

94 According to Mr Yeo, it was Panoil who proposed a set-off to the defendant,
following discussions on or about 13 August 2017: 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p85(4) to 85(21)

Q: So of course you would need to take care of your company to ensure that
either you are paid or perhaps the invoices are set off, so that you don’t
still owe the company based on invoices which have been issued by Panoil?

…

Q: The outstanding is how much again?

A: At that point in time was over $2-over million. That’s why they propose to
do this set-off, to try to use this consignment to sell to their nominated
customer to set it off. Of course, if we could have gotten that, and to clear
our debts, we would be happy. But when that party did not want to accept that
cargo, we had no choice but to cancel it off.

[emphasis added]

I note in passing that this passage is most telling. In it, Mr Yeo testified
that a condition precedent for the set-off failed to eventuate. According to
him, that is why the plan turned from set-off to cancellation. That implies
that the proposed set-off never actually took place.

95 Mr Yong’s evidence and the terms of the 13 August Letters both contradict
Mr Yeo. Mr Yong’s evidence was unequivocally that it was the defendant who
suggested the set-off 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p151(7) to 151(11), 159(18) to 159(24),
199(15) to 199(21)

by D’s 13 August Letter. The plain language of that letter supports Mr Yong.
The defendant states in that letter that “we are proposing to offset the inter
company balances” [emphasis added]. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, p63

Only when he was cross-examined further on this point was Mr Yeo willing to
concede that “in [D’s 13 August Letter], it’s my proposal. I propose[d] to
offset” [emphasis added]. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p150(11) to 150(16)

96 That the defendant proposed the set-off to Panoil is also far more
consistent with the inherent probabilities and the commercial incentives in
August 2017. Mr Yeo confirmed that the defendant was concerned at that time
about Panoil’s ability to pay its debts in light of the MPA’s disciplinary
action. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p83(1) to 84(24)

The defendant had every incentive to protect its interests by approaching
Panoil and suggesting a set-off. Panoil had no incentive to approach the
defendant and suggest a set-off.

97 In fact, it was also Mr Yeo’s evidence that it was he who went to Panoil’s
office to insist that Panoil issue a cover letter for its two-page statement.
That cover letter is Panoil’s 13 August Letter. He considered the two-page
statement alone to be “nothing” but “just a statement” if it were not
accompanied by an explicit confirmation by Panoil that it “agreed on [the]
arrangement”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p99(3) to 99(7)

Yet, Mr Yeo did not explain how he even came to be in possession of the two-
page statement before Panoil’s 13 August Letter was created, in order to be in
a position to insist that Panoil create a cover letter to accompany it.

98 Further, Mr Yeo’s evidence on this point was internally inconsistent.
Although he said that Panoil created Panoil’s 13 August Letter only because he
insisted upon it, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p99(3) to 99(7)

he also said that he went to Panoil’s office on 13 August 2017 because someone
had asked him to do so. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p83(1) to 83(3)

Later in his evidence, he changed his story and said that when he went to
deliver D’s 13 August Letter: “they were not expecting me to keep going to
look for them, but I went there to deliver letters and ask them to settle the
invoices we asked”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p147(20) to 148(10)

(2) The documents are missing from Panoil’s books and records

99 The defendant did not challenge the judicial manager’s evidence that they
were unable to find originals or copies of the 13 August Letters or of the
Contra Statement in Panoil’s books and records. The absence of these documents
in Panoil’s books and records is peculiar given the substantial financial
significance to Panoil and the defendant of setting off the Debt. The
defendant failed to suggest any explanation as to why these documents would
not be amongst Panoil’s books and records. This failure is peculiar given that
the defendant called Mr Yong as a defence witness. As a director of Panoil, Mr
Yong has far more personal knowledge of what is and is not in Panoil’s books
and records than the judicial managers.

100 It might perhaps be plausible to say that Panoil handed the original of
Panoil’s 13 August Letter to the defendant but failed to make a copy for its
own records. But I cannot believe that Panoil would have received D’s 13
August Letter and not have retained the original in its books and records. The
Contra Statement is an even more important document than the 13 August
Letters. It purports to evidence a settled account between the two companies
establishing that the defendant is no longer a debtor of Panoil. A settled
account of this nature is a critical document for both the defendant and
Panoil. This is so even if Panoil had never assigned its rights under the
Contracts to the plaintiff. It is therefore of substantial commercial and
accounting significance, quite apart from this litigation.

101 The defendant’s evidence is that it realised the critical nature of the
Contra Statement in August 2017. Mr Yeo’s evidence is that the defendant
created the Contra Statement in order to have documentary proof of the set-off
on the defendant’s own letterhead “for the directors to sign”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p114(20) to 114(24)

According to him, the defendant drew up the Contra Statement because, at the
time it did so, it had only Panoil’s record of the set-off in the form of
Panoil’s 13 August Letter 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p114(1) to 114(5)

and “the letter from Panoil may not [have been] sufficient, so we need[ed] a
director to sign it”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p115(6) to 115(13)

Mr Yeo thus signed the Contra Statement on 15 August 2017 and went to Panoil’s
office on the same day to get Mr Yong to sign it. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p111(1) to 111(23)

It is only reasonable to expect that Panoil would retain an important document
such as this amongst its books and records, if for no reason other than to
allow its accounts to be drawn up properly. If it had done so, the judicial
managers would have been able to find it.

102 The absence of all three of these documents in Panoil’s books and records,
whether as originals or copies, is to my mind evidence that the documents were
not exchanged in August 2017 as Mr Yeo and Mr Yong would have me believe. This
is particularly the case given that the judicial managers were able to find
the Set-off Agreement in Panoil’s books and records. There is no reason why
Panoil should have been more concerned about retaining the Set-off Agreement
in its books and records for the future than about retaining the 13 August
Letters and the Contra Statement in its books and records for the future.
After all, it is the 13 August Letters and the Contra Statement which actually
effected the set-off.

103 My finding that the Contra Statement is fabricated is underscored by the
defendant’s belated disclosure of the Contra Statement in this action. In
October 2017, after Panoil’s judicial managers sent a letter of demand to the
defendant, the defendant and Panoil’s judicial managers exchanged
correspondence through solicitors. In that exchange, the defendant raised the
Set-off Defence but never disclosed or made reference to the Contra Statement,
even in passing. Given the legal and commercial significance of the Contra
Statement to the claim asserted against the defendant and to the Set-off
Defence, it is beyond belief that the defendant or its solicitors would have
had it in October 2017 and yet have failed to deploy it in the correspondence.
This suggests to me very strongly that the Contra Statement did not exist in
October 2017.

104 So too in March 2018, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, at p250

when the defendant’s solicitors wrote to the plaintiff’s solicitors, the
former made no mention whatsoever of the Contra Statement. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p109(10) to 109(20)

If it were genuine, producing it at that time would again have disposed of the
plaintiff’s claim against the defendant. The defendant’s failure to deploy the
Contra Statement in response to the plaintiff’s demands suggests to me very
strongly once again that it did not exist even as late as March 2018.

105 Mr Yeo’s evidence is that the defendant gave the Contra Statement to its
solicitors before the October 2017 correspondence with the judicial managers.
90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p108(12) to 109(9)

If that were true, it is incredible that its solicitors would have failed to
make any mention of the Contra Statement in that correspondence. Even if I
were to accept this evidence, it nevertheless fails to explain why the Contra
Statement was not disclosed in the March 2018 correspondence with the
plaintiff’s solicitors, close to five months after the defendant had allegedly
given a copy to its solicitors.

106 I reject Mr Yeo’s attempt to blame the defendant’s solicitors for the
failure to deploy the Contra Statement in the correspondence. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p109(18) to 109(20)

The defendant does not require legal advice to appreciate that the Contra
Statement is central to the claims made both by the judicial managers and the
plaintiff. If the Contra Statement were indeed genuine, and if the defendant
had indeed given a copy to its solicitors as early as October 2017, I would
have expected the defendant positively to instruct its solicitors to deploy
the Contra Statement in both the October 2017 correspondence and in the March
2018 correspondence, rather than to leave it to its solicitors to decide
whether to do so. Mr Yeo’s blame directed at the defendant’s solicitors does
not cause me to doubt my finding that, even as late as March 2018, the Contra
Statement did not in fact exist.

107 The defendant also relies on Mr Yong’s evidence. The defendant argues that
it corroborates Mr Yeo’s evidence that the Contra Statement was in existence
on 15 August 2017. Mr Yong testified that it was Mr Yeo who brought the Contra
Statement to Panoil’s office for Mr Yong to sign on or about 15 August 2017.
Mr Yong then signed the document. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p204(6) to 204(23)

108 This evidence is, however, contradicted by a series of WhatsApp messages
which Mr Yong sent to Ms Lai. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Lai Shing Joo’s AEIC at paras 7 to 9, p12 to 13

Ms Lai messaged Mr Yong on 15 August 2017 to ask whether he was in Singapore.
Mr Yong messaged in response that he would be “[b]ack on Thursday” ie, 17
August 2017. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Lai Shing Joo’s AEIC at p13

This implies that Mr Yong was not in Singapore on 15 August 2017. That, of
course, is the date on which Mr Yong claims he signed the Contra Statement.
When confronted with this discrepancy in cross-examination, Mr Yong was
suddenly unable to recall the exact date on which he signed the Contra
Statement. Instead, he suggested that he “could [have been] departing on the
15th” instead. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p211(8) to 211(21)

This explanation is unsatisfactory. I reject it.

(3) The date of the set-off

109 The defendant’s pleaded case is that the set-off took place by the
exchange of letters on 13 August 2017. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defence at para 5(b)(i)

Yet, this is contradicted by the Contra Statement. It states “Contra on:
15/08/2017”. It thereby purports to record that the “contra”, a commercial
synonym for a set-off, took place on 15 August 2017. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, at p514

Mr Yong readily accepted this at trial. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p203(20) to 204(3)

110 When Mr Yeo was pressed on the discrepancy in the dates, he sought to
attribute the mistake to the maker of the Contra Statement: 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p113(15) to 113(25), p115(16) to 116(1)

Q: You have this document, which in case you have forgotten, the bank disputes
the authenticity of. We have this document now from you, saying that the
contra, took place on 15 August. So can you tell the court which is the real
date, in your mind, that the contra, or the set-off took place?

A: The contra set-off took place on the 13th, as per the affidavit. This
statement that we gave you was done on the 15th as a followup request from my
company for the directors to sign for my accounting record of the contra.

…

Q: Would you agree with me, when you look at this so-called contra statement,
based on your evidence, can I suggest to you that a more accurate -- in fact,
the only accurate – way of describing what you have said are the events that
took place would be contra on 13 August 2017?

A: Yes.

Q: So this is not accurate?

A: You put it that way that means the wording is put wrongly. The person who
prepared this did not put it correctly.

[emphasis in italics]

This was not the first time that Mr Yeo sought to explain away inconsistencies
in his evidence by attributing a mistake to the maker of a document. I note
also that the defendant neither identified the maker of the Contra Statement
nor called the maker as a witness.

111 Even if I were to accept Mr Yeo’s evidence that the Contra Statement was
prepared on 15 August 2017, there is no reason that it could not have
accurately recorded that the set-off was actually effected on 13 August 2017.
Contrary to Mr Yeo’s suggestion, that does not amount to back-dating the
document. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p115(6) to 115(13)

It would simply record in the body of the Contra Statement that it was brought
into existence on 15 August 2017 to reflect a set-off which had been effected
two days earlier.

(4) Net position after the set-off

112 I also find striking the defendant’s inability to state accurately the net
amount owed by Panoil to the defendant after effecting the purported set-off.
The obvious and critical question for two parties who are setting off their
debts is the net position after the set-off has been effected. Calculating
this is a simple question of arithmetic. Yet, the defendant’s witnesses were
unable to provide any clear answer on this point. The documentary evidence was
likewise inconsistent.

113 At trial, Mr Yeo took wholly different positions on this critical
question. He first relied on the two-page statement attached to Panoil’s 13
August Letter to assert that the result of the set-off was that Panoil owed
the defendant US$2,400.12. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p512 to 513; Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p4(12)
to 5(14)

This is, however, contradicted by an email from the defendant’s solicitors to
the plaintiff’s solicitors on 23 October 2017. In that email, the defendant’s
solicitors took the position that “[Panoil] still owes [the defendant] about
US$600,000 or more”, alleged to be evidenced by the documents attached to the
email. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p235

114 When this discrepancy was put to Mr Yeo, he referred to a statement of
account from the defendant dated 31 August 2017. That statement shows Panoil
owing the defendant a net sum of just over US$2.6m. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p526 to 527

He said that this “statement showed that they actually have outstanding of 2.6
million, which is more than 600,000”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p8(7) to 8(17)

But that is not the point. Mr Yeo could not explain how the US$600,000 figure
in the defendant’s solicitors’ email could be derived from this document. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p9(5) to 10(5)

115 To try and explain the US$600,000 figure, Mr Yeo relied on an invoice
which the defendant issued to Panoil on 15 August 2017 showing that Panoil
owed a sum of just over US$431,000 to the defendant. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p244

He added to this a sum of approximately US$70,000 which he claimed Panoil was
obliged to reimburse the defendant for payments on Panoil’s behalf. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p11(22) to 12(8); Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1,
p245 to 248

Yet, these adjustments bring the figure to the region of US$501,000, not
US$600,000. And the US$431,000 figure is in any event inconsistent with a
statement of account dated 31 August 2017 which was also in evidence, which
suggests that Panoil made a payment to the defendant of US$50,000 against the
sum due under this invoice. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p527

116 Mr Yeo eventually sought to disavow the US$600,000 figure in the
defendant’s solicitors’ email of 23 October 2017. He claimed that it “maybe
was a mistake”. But the defendant’s solicitors prepared their email advancing
the US$600,000 figure on Mr Yeo’s instructions. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p12(17) to 12(22)

117 What is more puzzling is that Mr Yeo later testified that, around 13
August 2017, all that Panoil owed the defendant was “$2-over million”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p85(13) to 85(21)

Yet, if this were true, bearing in mind that the Debt was US$2.43m, the set-
off would actually result in Panoil being a net creditor of the defendant
rather than a net debtor, as is the defendant’s case.

118 Yet another figure appears in the Contra Statement dated 15 August 2017.
The settled account under that document shows that Panoil owes the defendant
the sum of US$2,100. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p514

119 The widely discrepant evidence as to the net position between Panoil and
the defendant after the purported set-off, coupled with Mr Yeo’s inability to
explain any of the discrepancies, also leads me to my finding that the 13
August Letters and the Contra Statement are fabrications.

(5) Mr Yeo and Mr Yong’s close ties

120 Finally, my finding is bolstered by the relationship between Mr Yong and
Mr Yeo. This relationship supplies the motive for the fabrication. It gave Mr
Yong every incentive to favour the defendant as Panoil slid into insolvency.

121 Mr Yong and Mr Yeo have had a close personal and professional relationship
spanning a few decades. They met for the first time in secondary school and
grew closer during national service. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p118(12) to 118(18)

They then went into a series of business ventures together. They were partners
in an engineering firm and shareholders in a food and beverage outlet. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Khoo May May Evelyn Vanessa’s AEIC at para 86

Further, Mr Yong was a director of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the defendant
from 2008 to 2012. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Khoo May May Evelyn Vanessa’s AEIC at p309

122 It is noteworthy that neither Mr Yong nor Mr Yeo deny the close nature of
their relationship. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p133(5) to 133(7)

The best evidence of this is a series of four letters which Panoil sent
between February 2017 and August 2017 to its ship management company relating
to the unauthorised alterations which had led to the MPA’s disciplinary action
against Panoil. At that time, Mr Yong and Mr Lim Zhisheng (“Mr Joe Lim”), were
the only two directors of Panoil. Mr Yeo was neither a director nor an
employee of Panoil. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p122(11) to 122(17); Notes of Evidence (30
July 2019), p188(20) to 189(3)

Mr Yong drafted these four letters. But neither he nor Mr Joe Lim signed the
letters. Instead, Mr Yong asked Mr Yeo to sign the letters, drawing on his
close relationship with Mr Yeo. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p89(11) to 89(15); Notes of Evidence (30
July 2019), p190(18) to 191(5)

As further evidence of their close relationship, Mr Yeo readily agreed to Mr
Yong’s request. He therefore signed these four letters for Panoil and applied
Panoil’s company stamp to them even though he had no involvement in Panoil or
in the subject-matter of the letter.

123 When asked to explain, Mr Yong said that he had asked Mr Yeo to sign the
letters to exert pressure on the ship management company to continue managing
Panoil’s ships by giving it the impression that Panoil had employed an
external consultant. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p189(3) to 189(12)

Mr Yeo gave a different reason. He said that he thought it was possible that
the ship management company was connected to Mr Yong and Mr Joe Lim. So he
thought that Mr Yong had sought Mr Yeo’s help to avoid involving Mr Yeo and Mr
Joe Lim’s names and thereby giving the appearance of a conflict of interest.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p131(15) to 132(18)

Ultimately, the actual reason does not matter. What matters is that Mr Yong
and Mr Yeo’s relationship was so close in 2017, when Panoil was insolvent or
near insolvency, that Mr Yong asked Mr Yeo to sign four letters for Panoil and
Mr Yeo agreed even though he had no involvement in Panoil.

Conclusion on the Set-off Defence

124 Given my findings, I am satisfied that no set-off took place in August
2017. The documents on which the defendant relies for the Set-off Defence are
fabrications. They were created for the purposes of defending a claim on the
Contracts. Accordingly, I hold that Set-off Defence fails.

Is the defendant barred from relying on the Set-off Defence?

125 Given my rejection of the Set-off Defence, it is strictly speaking
unnecessary for me to consider the plaintiff’s alternative submission. That
submission is that, if a set-off had indeed been effected in August 2017,
upholding the set-off in this action would impermissibly allow the defendant
to take advantage of its own wrong. Nevertheless, as the plaintiff made
detailed submissions on this point, I shall analyse this point. For the
purposes of my analysis, I shall assume – contrary to my finding – that the
Debt was in fact set off in August 2017.

126 In my view, this alternative submission would not have succeeded had it
been necessary for the plaintiff to rely on it.

127 The plaintiff’s submission is straightforward. The plaintiff accepts that
Panoil and the defendant had it within their power to agree to nullify cl 8.2
of Panoil’s T&Cs. However, by reaching such an agreement, the defendant
dishonestly assisted Mr Yong in breaching his fiduciary duties as a director
of Panoil.

128 The breach of fiduciary duties arises in this way. By August 2017, Panoil
was insolvent or near-insolvent. Panoil’s directors then owed a “fiduciary
duty to take into account the interests of the company’s creditors when making
decisions for the company” (Liquidators of Progen Engineering Pte Ltd v Progen
Holdings Ltd [2010] 4 SLR 1089 at [48]). The defendant was contractually bound
by cl 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs not to effect a set-off. By agreeing to nullify cl
8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs and by permitting a set-off, Mr Yong placed the defendant
in a better position than it would have been in Panoil’s liquidation. The
corollary is that the set-off prejudiced Panoil’s other creditors in the
liquidation. Mr Yong thereby breached his fiduciary duty to take into account
the interests of Panoil’s creditors. The defendant agreed to the set-off with
knowledge of its effect. The defendant thereby dishonestly assisted Mr Yong’s
breach. To allow the defendant to rely on the Set-off Defence would therefore
amount to allowing it to rely on its own wrong. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 164 to 166

This, the plaintiff says, is impermissible as a matter of law. It relies on
the maxim, nullus commodum caper potest de injuria sua propria. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 167

129 This maxim is described in R.H Kersley, Broom’s Legal Maxims (Sweet &
Maxwell, 10th Ed, 1939) at 191 as follows:

It is a maxim of law, recognised and established, that no man shall take
advantage of his own wrong; and this maxim, which is based on elementary
principles, is fully recognised in courts of law and of equity, and, indeed,
admits of illustration from every branch of legal procedure.

This maxim and the well-established maxim ex turpi causa non oritur actio are
two facets of the same fundamental principle: the court should not lend its
assistance to a wrongdoer. The classic statement of the ex turpi causa
doctrine can be found in Lord Mansfield CJHolman v Johnson (1775) 1 Cowp 341.
In that case, Lord Mansfield CJ stated that “[n]o court will lend its aid to a
man who founds his cause of action on an immoral or an illegal act” (at 343).

130 This fundamental principle applies equally to defences as it does to
claims. In Montefiori v Montefiori (1762) 1 Wm Bl 363, Lord Mansfield noted
that “no man shall set up his own iniquity as a defence, any more than as a
cause of action” (at 364, cited in Takhar v Gracefield Developments Ltd and
others [2019] UKSC 13 at [92]).

131 For the plaintiff to rely on this maxim successfully, it must establish
each of the following propositions:

(a) Panoil was insolvent or near insolvent in August 2017;

(b) Mr Yeo acted dishonestly when he assisted Mr Yong to nullify cl 8.2 of
Panoil’s T&Cs and to effect the set-off;

(c) as a result of the set-off, the defendant was placed in a better position
than it would otherwise have been in in Panoil’s liquidation;

(d) Mr Yeo’s dishonest assistance constitutes sufficient turpitude to invoke
the maxim; and

(e) the defendant, in asserting its Set-off Defence, relies on that turpitude.

132 The central difficulty with the plaintiff’s alternative submission is
proposition (c). It is undisputed that, in Panoil’s liquidation, insolvency
set-off would have applied as between Panoil and the defendant under s 88 of
the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) read with s 327(1) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).

133 The essential question on proposition (c) is therefore the effect of cl
8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs in Panoil’s liquidation. Does cl. 8.2 bind Panoil even in
liquidation so as to prevent insolvency set-off from taking effect? Or does cl
8.2 yield to insolvency set-off? If the latter is correct, it cannot be said
that effecting a pre-insolvency set-off put the defendant in a better position
post-insolvency. That is because insolvency set-off would in any event have
operated post-insolvency to the same economic effect. As Vaughan Williams J
noted in Re Washington Diamond Mining Company [1893] 3 Ch 95, “[y]ou cannot
prefer a man…by merely putting him in the very position in which he would be
if a bankruptcy followed” (at 104).

134 Two propositions of law on insolvency set-off are well-established. First,
insolvency set-off is mandatory. Parties are not permitted contractually to
exclude its effect (Good Property Land Development Pte Ltd v Societe-Generale
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 884 at [10]; National Westminster Bank v Halesowen Presswork &
Assemblies Ltd [1972] AC 785 at 805). Second, it is automatic. Insolvency set-
off is a self-executing procedural directive. It takes effect without the need
for further intervention and arises automatically by operation of law. And it
does so irrespective of the wishes of the parties (Stein v Blake [1995] 2 All
ER 961 at 967).

135 The mandatory nature of insolvency set-off means that a pre-insolvency
agreement excluding set-off, such as cl 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs, yields to
insolvency set-off once insolvency intervenes. Thus, in Coca-Cola Financial
Corpn v Finsat International Ltd [1996] 3 WLR 849, Neill LJ characterised the
“statutory obligation to set off mutual debts as an exception to the general
principle that someone may renounce the benefit or other right introduced
entirely in his favour” (at 857). Goh Joon Seng J cited this proposition with
approval in Citibank NA v Lee Hooi Lian and another [1999] 2 SLR(R) 1 at [62].
As Rory Derham, author of Derham on the Law of Set-Off (Oxford University
Press, 4th Ed, 2010) notes at 127:

The question of contractual exclusion has arisen in relation to other forms of
set-off (apart from legal set off). Courts have permitted an equitable set-off
to be expressly excluded providing that clear words are used. By contrast,
however, they will not permit set-off arising in bankruptcy or liquidation to
be excluded as this form of setoff is regarded as mandatory and hence they
will strike down contractual arrangements which purport to exclude or restrict
that set-off.

136 If the plaintiff had had to rely on its alternative submission,
proposition (c) would therefore not have been established. Insolvency set-off
prevails over cl 8.2 of Panoil’s T&Cs in Panoil’s liquidation. In economic
terms, insolvency set-off operating automatically post-insolvency is
indistinguishable from a set-off agreed between Panoil and the defendant in
August 2017, pre-insolvency. The agreed set-off would not have placed the
defendant in a better position than it would otherwise have been in in
Panoil’s liquidation. There would have been no breach of fiduciary duty by Mr
Yong for Mr Yeo dishonestly to have assisted.

137 Had it been necessary for my decision, therefore, I would have answered
this essential question on proposition (c) in the defendant’s favour. On this
ground alone, the plaintiff’s alternative submission could not have succeeded,
had it been necessary for the plaintiff to rely on it.

The Cancellation Defence

138 The defendant’s alternative defence is that Panoil cancelled the invoices
which represent the Debt.

139 The defendant on sold the marine fuel which it purchased from Panoil under
the Contracts to a company called Eastern Pacific Tankers Sdn Bhd (“Eastern
Pacific”). The defendant’s case is that it received a copy of a letter from
Eastern Pacific to Panoil dated 17 August 2017 (“EP’s 17 August Letter”) in
which Eastern Pacific notified Panoil that Panoil should bill the Debt
directly to Eastern Pacific. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p556

Panoil accepted Eastern Pacific’s request by letter the following day
(“Panoil’s 18 August Letter”), copied to the defendant. Panoil then cancelled
the invoices it had issued to the defendant representing the Debt, thereby
cancelling the Debt. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p557

On the same day, the defendant wrote to Panoil asking Panoil to reflect the
cancellation of the Debt (“D’s 18 August Letter”). 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 4(b)(iii)

140 The Cancellation Defence has always been framed as relying on Panoil
cancelling the Debt. However, in the defendant’s oral closing submissions,
counsel for the defendant raised the issue of novation for the first time.
When pressed, he confirmed that the defendant’s position is that Panoil
cancelled the invoices as part of a broader transaction involving a novation –
understood in its strict legal sense of a tripartite agreement – under which
Eastern Pacific entered into a fresh contract with Panoil, taking over the
defendant’s obligation to pay the Debt to Panoil. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Oral Closing Submissions, 10 March 2020

141 In response, the plaintiff challenges the authenticity of EP’s 17 August
Letter, Panoil’s 18 August Letter, D’s 18 August Letter and the two-page
statement account dated 31 August 2017 attached to this letter. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Reply (Amendment No. 2) at para 8(a)

It argues that none of these documents were among Panoil’s records handed over
to the judicial managers. Further, two of these letters were found much later
in suspicious circumstances. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 33; Lin Yueh Hung’s AEIC at paras 6(a) –
(c) and 7

142 The plaintiff also points out that Panoil never actually cancelled the
invoices issued to the defendant and never issued any fresh invoices to
Eastern Pacific. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 30

Further, given that Panoil’s financial difficulties were well known by August
2017, it makes no commercial sense for Eastern Pacific to prefer to deal
directly with Panoil instead of the defendant. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Khoo May May Evelyn Vanessa’s AEIC at para 61

The documents

143 The Cancellation Defence is premised on three key documents: (a) EP’s 17
August Letter; (b) Panoil’s 18 August Letter; and (c) D’s 18 August Letter and
the attached two-page statement of account dated 31 August 2017.

144 EP’s 17 August Letter is addressed to Panoil and copied to the defendant.
It asks Panoil to bill Eastern Pacific directly for the marine fuel delivered
under the Contracts: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p556

Dear sir,

For the above shipments, to avoid delays in delivery and payment. Our
management will not deal with [the defendant] as the trading house for the
delivery of the cargo from Panoil.

Panoil should bill directly to our company. We will not accept invoices or
take possession of cargo on behalf of [the defendant].

Please act with immediate effect to avoid any delay in payment.

Eastern Pacific Tankers Sdn Bhd

(Authorised Signatory)

145 In response, Panoil’s 18 August Letter was addressed to Eastern Pacific
and copied to the defendant. Panoil informed Eastern Pacific that it had no
objection to its request: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p524

Dear sir,

With reference to BDN No 013167, 0131170, 013161, 013154, 013160, 013156,
013151

We have no objection to your proposal stated in your letter dated 18 Aug 17.

Best Regards

Mary on behalf Of PANOIL PETROLEUM PTE LTD

It is curious that this letter refers to Eastern Pacific’s letter “dated 18
August 2017”. The preceding email from Eastern Pacific was actually dated 17
August 2017. The parties did not address this discrepancy in any admissible
evidence. Mr Shaik Saleem (“Mr Saleem”), a witness for the defendant,
suggested in his affidavit of evidence in chief that this was the result of a
typographical error. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p553 para 3

However Mr Saleem’s affidavit of evidence in chief was never admitted in
evidence because he did not attend to be cross-examined on it (see [153]
below). I am content nevertheless to assume that this is a mere typographical
error. Certainly, there is no suggestion that there is some other letter or
email dated 18 August 2017 from Eastern Pacific to Panoil which has not been
disclosed.

146 D’s 18 August Letter is addressed to Panoil and seeks an updated statement
of deliveries and payments: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p253

Dear Mary

RE: PANOIL PETROLEUM PTE LTD

We refer to our letter of 13 Aug 2017.

…

We have already paid up fully for item 1 as per payment proof.

However, we will not accept invoices 2 to 8. This is because until now we did
not receive the cargo/goods for all these 7 invoices at all.

Please send us a statement urgently reflecting the updated status.

We attached [sic] our statement to you reflecting the above cancellation of
the 7 invoices.

Best regards

Adrian Lum

147 The defendant has failed to discharge its burden of proving that the
documents supporting the Cancellation Defence are authentic. I therefore
reject these documents as fabrications. I have seven reasons for arriving at
this conclusion.

The defendant failed to call the makers of the 18 August letters

148 First, as with the 13 August Letters, the defendant failed to call the
makers of either Panoil’s 18 August Letter or D’s 18 August Letter to prove
them at trial. Again, the defendant relies on Mr Yong’s and Mr Yeo’s evidence
to prove these letters, even though neither of them were the makers of these
letters or could give admissible evidence as to their authenticity.

149 To prove EP’s 17 August Letter, the defendant relies on the evidence of Mr
Tony Chan Kim Hock (“Mr Chan”). Mr Chan was Eastern Pacific’s authorised
representative in Singapore at the material time. The defendant submits that,
as an authorised representative of Eastern Pacific, Mr Chan’s evidence
suffices ipso facto to prove EP’s 17 August Letter. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Oral Closing Submissions, 10 March 2020

I reject this submission. The admissibility of evidence is not a matter of
authority or agency. It is, first and foremost, a matter of personal
knowledge.

150 Under s 62 of the Evidence Act, a witness of fact is ordinarily required
to give direct evidence only, ie, evidence only of facts which are broadly
speaking within his personal knowledge. Mr Chan had “nothing to do with the
content of the letter”. He did not draft it. He did not type it. He did not
sign it. He did not send it. By his own admission, he was not even involved in
the decision-making process which allegedly led to Eastern Pacific bringing
EP’s 17 August Letter into existence in the first place. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p66(17) to 67(20)

He was not, on any view of the matter, the maker of EP’s 17 August Letter. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p66(8) to 66(12)

He was in no position to give direct evidence as to its authenticity.

151 Mr Chan did, however, testify that he had seen EP’s 17 August Letter in
the past. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p36(21) to 37(1), 38(25) to 41(12)

That is undoubtedly direct evidence within the meaning of s 62 of the Evidence
Act. But this too is insufficient to prove EP’s 17 August Letter. Mr Chan
stated that he had been briefed the day before giving evidence, ie, on 30
August 2019, by one of Eastern Pacific’s directors, Mr Nurman Junaidi bin
Janny (“Mr Nurman”). Mr Chan testified that Mr Nurman had specifically briefed
him on EP’s 17 August Letter. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p64(2) to 64(7)

In response to the plaintiff’s question as to how he came “to know about [EP’s
17 August Letter]”, Mr Chan replied that “[it] was briefed by the management”
just “yesterday… [with] all the exact document”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p64(16) to 64(20)

I understand this answer to mean that Eastern Pacific’s management had briefed
Mr Chan about the background to the letter the day before he took the stand.
His answer is not direct evidence of the authenticity of the letter, let alone
of its contents.

152 When Mr Chan was asked specifically whether he had seen EP’s 17 August
Letter on or around the date which it bears, his evidence was at best
equivocal. He said that, out of all of the documents he was briefed upon on
the day before he took the stand, he remembered only “some of the documents”.
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p64(5) to 65(5)

And even when he was referred to EP’s 17 August Letter itself, his response
was not definitive. He said “I think I have seen it before but it wasn’t sent
by me, it was by the company” [emphasis added]. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p66(8) to 66(12)

Eventually, Mr Chan conceded that he did not see EP’s 17 August Letter
“immediately after it was sent out on 17 August” and that he may have only
seen it “on the later part of [2017]”. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p78(8) to 78(14)

153 Mr Chan was not the defendant’s first choice of a witness to testify from
the perspective of Eastern Pacific. The defendant initially applied for Mr
Saleem to give this evidence. At the eleventh hour – just a day before Mr
Saleem was scheduled to take the stand – the defendant asked for leave to call
Mr Chan instead of Mr Saleem. According to Mr Chan, Mr Nurman had given Mr
Chan a copy of Mr Saleem’s affidavit of evidence in chief and told him that Mr
Nurman was briefing Mr Chan because Mr Chan was “supposed to be [Eastern
Pacific’s] representative to affirm that” ie, the contents of Mr Saleem’s
affidavit. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p61(3) to 62(10)

154 Mr Chan explained that Mr Nurman was part of Eastern Pacific’s management
and that “would be one of the people who would make decisions for Eastern”.
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p55(19) to 55(22)

It is reasonable to assume that Mr Nurman would have personal knowledge of
EP’s 17 August Letter, if it were genuine, and could have given direct
evidence as to its authenticity or contents. Nevertheless, the defendant did
not call Mr Nurman as a witness.

155 Mr Nurman was clearly available to the defendant to call as a witness at
trial. He was actually sitting in the gallery and observing the proceedings
while Mr Chan testified on 31 July 2019. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p48(12) to 49(14)

When asked why Mr Nurman was not giving evidence, Mr Chan speculated that the
reason could be his inability to “speak well in English or something, so he
may fumble”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p49(21) to 50(2)

156 I am not persuaded. Witnesses give evidence every day through
interpreters. I therefore draw an adverse inference against the defendant from
its failure to call Mr Nurman to prove EP’s 17 August Letter. I am satisfied
that the circumstances of the case warrant me to do so under s 116(g) of the
Evidence Act. I bear in mind especially that EP’s 17 August Letter is
absolutely central to the Cancellation Defence (see Tribune Investment Trust
Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [50]) and that Mr Nurman
was available to the defendant as a witness.

The Cancellation Defence is an afterthought

157 Second, I find that the Cancellation Defence is an afterthought. The
defendant raised the Cancellation Defence for the first time at a very late
stage of this action. The first mention of the Cancellation Defence came in
the defendant’s solicitors’ email of 16 March 2018 to the plaintiff’s
solicitors (“16 March 2018 Email”). This was the deadline for the defendant to
file its defence in this action. Even then, the email made no reference to
Eastern Pacific whatsoever. It merely stated that “neither [the defendant] nor
their customers have received the goods or cargoes which are the subject of
all but the first item in paragraph 8 of the Statement of Claim”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, at p250

It was only on 19 March 2018, when the defendant filed its defence, that the
identity of Eastern Pacific was disclosed to the plaintiff for the first time.
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p37(17) to 37(21)

158 This was despite the numerous opportunities for the defendant to have
communicated the Cancellation Defence either to the plaintiff or to the
plaintiff’s solicitors before the plaintiff commenced this action on 22
February 2018. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Statement of Claim & Writ of Summons dated 22 February 2018

For example, in its response dated 9 October 2017 to a letter of demand issued
by the plaintiff’s solicitors on 4 October 2017, the defendant said only that
it had “already settled all the outstanding via telegraphic transfers and
offset with an Offset Agreement”. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, at Exhibit “KMMEV-16”, p228

In other words, the defendant referred only to the Set-off Defence. There was
no reference whatsoever to the Cancellation Defence. The defendant made no
mention of the Cancellation Defence in the correspondence which followed in
October 2017. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p232 and Exhibit “KMMEV-19”

159 I find it incredible that – if the documents evidencing the Cancellation
Defence had been brought into existence on the dates which they bear, and were
in the defendant’s possession from those dates – the defendant would not have
deployed them at the earliest opportunity. This is especially given that the
cancellation of the invoices, if true, would have disposed of the plaintiff’s
claim against the defendant.

160 At trial, Mr Yeo accepted that, as early as August 2017, the defendant
considered the Cancellation Defence to be a strong defence to any potential
claim for the Debt by Panoil or its assignee. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p193(23) to 193(25); Notes of Evidence (25
July 2019), p34(2) to 34(18)

Yet, Mr Yeo was unable to explain satisfactorily why the defendant failed to
mention the Cancellation Defence and the underlying facts in its 9 October
2017 letter. Mr Yeo’s evidence was that although the defendant did intend to
include the Cancellation Defence in its 9 October 2017 letter, it had chosen
not to do so after receiving Panoil’s advice, via Panoil’s financial
controller at the time Ms Mary Chua (“Ms Chua”), that the amounts owing under
the Contracts were already set off. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p195(3) to 196(8)

161 I find this implausible. Mr Yeo’s evidence amounts to saying that the
defendant allowed Panoil to dictate the defendant’s decision to abandon an
available alternative defence. The defendant was itself directly and
materially affected by the purported cancellation of the invoices. The
cancellation allegedly extinguished its own obligation to pay the Debt. As a
rational commercial party, the defendant would thus have had its own
understanding of the economic consequences of the invoices being cancelled.
Why then would it rely on Panoil’s advice to abandon the Cancellation Defence?
Furthermore, Ms Chua was not even a director of Panoil. And the defendant did
not call Ms Chua as a witness to corroborate Mr Yeo’s explanation. And none of
the correspondence between the defendant and Panoil was disclosed in evidence.

162 The defendant repeatedly failed to raise the Cancellation Defence when any
rational commercial party would have done so. The defendant’s letter to the
plaintiff’s solicitors on 13 October 2017 merely reiterates its 9 October 2017
letter and attaches a copy of the Set-off Agreement. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p232

By 23 October 2017, the defendant had appointed solicitors. Yet, the
defendant’s position remained only that the Debt had been set off. The
defendant’s solicitors’ email to the plaintiff on 23 October 2017 stated “what
our client owes your client has been fully settled”. It makes no reference to
the Cancellation Defence. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p235

The defendant finally alluded (albeit obliquely) to the Cancellation Defence
for the first time only by its solicitors’ 16 March 2018 Email (see [165]
below). Yet, this email still made no reference whatsoever to Eastern
Pacific’s involvement. This is surprising given Mr Yeo’s testimony that the
defendant informed its solicitors of Eastern Pacific’s involvement “somewhere
in maybe February to March [2018]”. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p35(24) to 36(10)

163 I draw from this repeated failure a particularly strong adverse inference
against the defendant. The Cancellation Defence is a clear afterthought.

The inconsistent bases for the Cancellation Defence

164 Third, the defendant’s witnesses were unable clearly to articulate the
basis for Panoil’s decision to cancel the Debt. They offered bases which were
either internally inconsistent or contrary to the documentary evidence.

(1) Failure to deliver cargoes

165 One basis may be gleaned from the defendant’s solicitors’ 16 March 2018
Email addressed to the plaintiff’s solicitors. There, the defendant’s
solicitors refer to D’s 18 August Letter and state that the defendant owes
Panoil no money under the invoices because Panoil failed to deliver all but
one cargo of marine fuel: 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p250

Furthermore, we have been instructed by our client that subsequent to the said
set-off, our client which is only a trader realised that in fact, neither they
nor their customers have received the goods or cargoes which are the subject
of all but the first item in paragraph 8 of the Statement of Claim.
Accordingly, on 18 August 2017, our client notified Panoil Petroleum so, by
way of a letter dated the same. A copy of the letter is attached herewith.

[emphasis added]

166 This line of defence was consistent with D’s 18 August Letter, in which
the defendant informed Panoil that it would not accept the invoices as it “did
not receive the cargo/goods for all these 7 invoices at all”. It is thus clear
from D’s 18 August Letter that the basis then for rejecting the invoices is
that Panoil had not delivered marine fuel under the Contracts. The defendant
made no reference to Eastern Pacific whatsoever or to the fact that the
request for cancellation emanated from Eastern Pacific. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p67(15) to 67(23)

Be that as it may, this basis was also reflected in the defendant’s opening
statement at trial, in which the defendant said that the defendant cancelled
the invoices as “effectively no cargo was received by the [d]efendant”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 4(b)(iii)

167 But this allegation is factually wrong. Mr Yeo conceded that Panoil did,
in fact, deliver all seven cargoes of marine fuel to the order of the
defendant’s client, Eastern Pacific. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p29(11) to 29(24), p41(8) to 41(16), p57(4)
to 57(19)

The delivery is evidenced by the seven BDNs. Mr Yeo did not dispute the
contents of the BDNs. Further, he agreed that they constituted independent
evidence that Panoil had indeed delivered the marine fuel in accordance with
the Contracts. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p32(3) to 32(9)

Mr Yeo thereby accepted that Panoil had performed its part of the bargain
under the Contracts. Not only that, he also confirmed that the cargoes had all
been delivered well before D’s 18 August Letter asserting the contrary. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p41(8) to 41(16)

The reason advanced in D’s 18 August Letter for cancelling the invoices is
false.

168 The defendant dropped this false allegation in its pleaded defence. The
defence filed on 19 March 2018 makes no allegation that Panoil failed to
deliver all but one cargo of marine fuel or that the defendant or its customer
rejected the delivery. The defence simply asserts an arrangement for Panoil to
bill Eastern Pacific “directly with regards” to the Contracts. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Defence at para 5(b)(ii)

169 Mr Yeo was adamant that both D’s 18 August Letter and the defendant’s
solicitors’ 16 March 2018 Email set out the true basis for the cancellation.
As for D’s 18 August Letter, Mr Yeo alleged that the defendant really meant
that it had “not receive[d] those BDNs” 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p29(17) to 29(18)

because Eastern Pacific failed to “acknowledge that [the defendant were] the
ones selling to them”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p44(9) to 44(15)

I do not accept this strained interpretation of the letter. The letter refers
expressly to “cargo/goods” and not to BDNs. And the defendant is an
intermediary and not an end user. It would never personally take physical
delivery of the marine fuel. But it would nevertheless be obliged to pay
Panoil upon delivery to the end user. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p30(23) to 31(6)

170 In any event, it is also undisputed that Panoil sent copies of the BDNs to
the defendant on 15 August 2017, a few days before D’s 18 August Letter. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents, p39

Mr Yeo prevaricated by explaining that D’s 18 August Letter arose because
Panoil and Eastern Pacific did not follow the defendant’s instructions for
delivery. On Eastern Pacific’s part, it did not “follow [the defendant’s]
instructions for delivery, which was that once they received the cargo, they
have to acknowledge that [the defendant] are [sic] the ones selling to them”.
168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p44(9) to 44(15)

On Panoil’s part, it failed “to get Eastern to accept [the defendant’s]
invoice”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p44(19) to 15(4)

171 I am unable to accept Mr Yeo’s evidence. It was a bare assertion. There
was no independent evidence suggesting that Panoil was contractually obliged
to get Eastern Pacific to accept the defendant’s invoice.

172 As for the defendant’s solicitors’ 16 March 2018 Email, Mr Yeo had another
explanation. He claimed that the phrase “neither they nor their customers”,
referred to the defendant and its customers and asserted that Eastern Pacific
was “not my customer because they don’t have a contract with us to be our
customer”. As such, even though Panoil had delivered the marine fuel to
Eastern Pacific’s order, neither the defendant nor its customers had received
the “goods or cargoes”. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p54(11) to 54(18)

173 This was nothing more than a disingenuous attempt to create linguistic
confusion. This is because Mr Yong confirmed that although Eastern Pacific was
a customer that Panoil had “farmed out to [the defendant]”, this nevertheless
meant that on paper, Eastern Pacific was the defendant’s customer and its
contractual counterparty. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p82(7) to 82(20)

Eastern Pacific would not cease to be the defendant’s contractual counterparty
and would not cease to be bound to pay the defendant under invoices already in
existence by the mere fact of its unilateral desire to deal with Panoil.

174 In any event, the defendant’s solicitors’ 16 March 2018 Email was drafted
on Mr Yeo’s express instructions. Mr Yeo himself admitted that he had told the
defendant’s solicitors that Eastern Pacific was the customer that received the
marine fuel. Clearly, this sentence in the defendant’s solicitors’ 16 March
2018 Email was intended to convey to the plaintiff that Eastern Pacific had
not received the cargoes. This is simply untrue as evidenced by the BDNs. It
was only after protracted prevarication that Mr Yeo finally conceded, after
reviewing the defendant’s solicitors 16 March 2018 Email, that “it’s not
correct”. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p57(16) to 57(19)

(2) Negative publicity and complaints

175 A second basis for the cancellation can be found in Mr Yong’s email dated
23 July 2018 addressed to Panoil’s judicial manager. In the email, Mr Yong
informs the judicial manager that the invoices were cancelled due to Eastern
Pacific’s desire to deal directly with Panoil in light of delivery issues and
the negative publicity surrounding Panoil: 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p461

Dear Mr Lin,

In light of what has happened recently (see letter from [the defendant]), we
would like to clarify the following for all parties.

During the period of Aug 2017, Panoil traded ex-wharf and bunkers to [the
defendant] which was in turn traded with Eastern pacific…This is a common
practice in our trade known as sleeving.

Due to the many complaints of specifications and quantity, and coupled with
the negative news in the media about Panoil. Eastern Pacific wants [sic]
terminate the arrangement of using [the defendant] as a trader and deal
directly with Panoil.

The staff that was handling this matter at the point could not do anything but
to accede to the clients [sic] request. As the invoice was already submitted
for invoice financing, the staff did not know how to handle. [The defendant]
is unaware that their invoices are being used to finance with CIMB, the
facilities given by CIMB does not require us to notify the customers.

During that period, there were many requests to offset and cancel invoices.
The directors of the company was also very tied up in seeking solutions for
the company, including managing Maritime Port Authority, negotiating with
customers and banks, and seeking new investments, and a possible Judicial
Management as such this matter only came to our attention at a much later
time, and we do not have time to act on it until the JM steps in.

As mentioned by our staff, the copies of the correspondence are inside the
boxes of documents that was handled over to JM previously.

[emphasis added]

176 Mr Yong confirmed at trial that the complaints and the negative news about
Panoil were the only operative reasons compelling Eastern Pacific to terminate
its relationship with the defendant. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p83(24) to 84(2)

He rejected the suggestion that Eastern Pacific’s decision could not have been
motivated by its desire to avoid delays in the deliveries and shipments
because the deliveries had already been made and Panoil’s contractual
obligations under the Contracts duly performed. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p130(12) to 130(22)

He also rejected the suggestion that Eastern Pacific was seeking to cut out
the defendant as a middleman to avoid paying the defendant’s commission. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p140(18) to 140(24)

177 Mr Yong explained that if there were any problems relating to quantity or
specification in the delivery of the cargoes, only issues of quantity would be
reflected on the BDN. Specification issues would not be reflected in the BDNs,
because these issues can be established only by sending samples to a
laboratory for testing. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p86(8) to 87(7)

These complaints, as Mr Yong testified, came from Eastern Pacific and were
relayed to Mr Joe Lim, who was in charge of Panoil’s operations. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p140(10) to 140(17)

Yet, when pressed on the existence of these complaints, Mr Yong was unable to
provide any specifics. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p84(20) to 85(3)

Even if I were to accept Mr Yong’s evidence, none of the BDNs reveal any
grievances on Eastern Pacific’s part regarding the quantity of the marine oil
delivered by Panoil. Further, there is little support for any assertion by
Eastern Pacific that the marine fuel did not meet specifications.

178 In this regard, if Panoil’s delivery of the cargo had been in any way
deficient, it would be reasonable to assume that Panoil would, at the very
least, ascertain or verify such deficiencies. After all, a failure to deliver
the cargo in accordance with the contractual specifications would constitute a
breach of contract and expose it to liability. This is no small issue as it
might entail an adjustment in price or a refund. Yet, Mr Yong was unable to
confirm if Panoil had done so at all 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p87(8) to 90(22)

and thus could not confirm whether such complaints were made at all or, if
made, were justified. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p92(4) to 93(8)

179 More fundamentally, it makes no commercial sense for Eastern Pacific to
say that its motivation for wanting to “deal directly with Panoil” was the
complaints and negative publicity surrounding Panoil. The negative publicity
arose well before the story broke in the press on 15 August 2017. There had
been negative market rumours and online articles about Panoil, its business
practices and its financial standing from as early as February 2017. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p108(18) to 109(12)

The negative publicity would, if anything, motivate Eastern Pacific to cut
Panoil – rather than the defendant – out of the transactions and to insist
that it deal directly and only with the defendant. After all, the defendant
was untainted by the negative publicity about Panoil.

180 Mr Yong’s explanation is that dealing directly with Panoil would allow
Eastern Pacific to reduce its accounts receivable and accounts payable risk. I
reject this explanation. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p114(6) to 115(9)

Given the substantial deterioration in Panoil’s commercial and financial
reputation by August 2017, insisting on creating new contractual rights with
Panoil would actually increase Eastern Pacific’s risk, as compared to
retaining and enforcing its existing contractual rights against the defendant.

181 It is telling that Mr Yong was unable specifically to recall if he had
ever tried to allay the concerns of Eastern Pacific and to persuade it to deal
directly with Panoil. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p115(15) to 116(6)

Mr Yong’s explanation is all the more incredible in light of his own admission
that Panoil was facing financial difficulties as early as July 2017 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p124(14) to 126(2)

and was close to insolvency towards the end of August 2017. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p121(3) to 121(6)

A decision in those circumstances to cancel the invoices in order to reduce
risk makes little or no commercial sense. Moreover, by then, Panoil had
already performed the Contracts. All that was left was for the defendant to
pay the Debt to Panoil within the time specified in the invoices. There is no
evidence of any outstanding issues on late delivery, failure to meet
specification or quantity.

(3) Avoiding delays in shipment

182 Yet a third reason for allegedly cancelling the invoices is set out in
EP’s 17 August Letter. In this letter addressed to Panoil, Eastern Pacific
asks to deal directly with Panoil in order to avoid delays in delivery and
payment: 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 2, p556

Dear sir,

For the above shipments, to avoid delays in delivery and payment. Our
management will not deal with [the defendant] as the trading house for the
delivery of cargo from Panoil.

Panoil should bill directly to our company. We will not accept invoices or
take possession of cargo on behalf of [the defendant].

Please act with immediate effect to avoid any delay in payment.

[emphasis added]

183 Yet, Mr Yong unequivocally disavowed this as the reason for Eastern
Pacific’s alleged desire to deal directly with Panoil. Given that the cargoes
had already been delivered, delay was no longer a risk to be mitigated. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p130(12) to 130(22)

However, when Mr Yong was referred to EP’s 17 August Letter, he characterised
the reasons set out in it as being consistent with his 23 July 2018 email to
the judicial manager. In his view, this was Eastern Pacific’s “cordial way” of
communicating its dissatisfaction with specifications and quality of the cargo
delivered. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p135(1) to 135(8)

184 I cannot accept Mr Yong’s evidence. The plain words of EP’s 17 August
Letter expressly refer to a desire to “avoid delays in delivery and payment”.
Flowing from the fact that the cargoes were all duly delivered before 17
August 2017, as evidenced by the respective BDNs (see [167] above), as well as
Mr Yong’s own concession that the “deliveries have already been made”, 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p130(12) to 130(22)

Mr Yong’s interpretation of the words in EP’s 17 August Letter is disingenuous
at best.

185 I similarly accept the plaintiff’s submission that the reason given in
EP’s 17 August Letter for its desire to deal directly with Panoil is
untenable, in light of the contradictory documentary evidence.

(4) Eastern Pacific disagreed with the set-off

186 A fourth reason given for cancelling the invoices was Eastern Pacific’s
supposed disagreement with Panoil and the defendant’s decision to set-off the
Debt. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p81(22) to 82(15)

Mr Yeo explained as follows:

Q: On 13 August itself you were still thinking of cancelling the invoices,
that’s based on what you have said?

A: No. In the first place, whether it was cancelling or set-off, we need to
talk to them to find out what’s their position on this transaction and what’s
their position on the client, which they nominated, so they came back to us,
and to them they said set-off would be easy, so we went for set-off. We did
the set off. Subsequently Eastern did not agree to that. They wanted to deal
directly based on what we heard through the letters they gave to us. So we
went ahead with it and we agreed with them also, whichever that they felt,
because we just wanted this transaction to be completed in the sense, that
means either it’s through a set off or a cancellation which all the parties
can come to agreement to.

[emphasis added]

Mr Yeo’s explanation raises more questions than it answers.

187 First, I fail to understand why Eastern Pacific would reject any agreement
between Panoil and the defendant to set off the Debt. As the defendant’s
buyer, Eastern Pacific’s contractual rights and obligations would remain
entirely unaffected by any such set-off. The contracts between Panoil and the
defendant and the contracts between the defendant and Eastern Pacific were
separate contracts entered into between separate entities, albeit linked
commercially. A set-off between Panoil and the defendant would leave Eastern
Pacific’s rights against the defendant completely unaffected.

188 Further, there is no commercial reason for Panoil to cancel the Debt if
the Debt had been set-off. A set-off would have extinguished the Debt. No debt
would remain in existence after the alleged set-off for Panoil to “cancel”.
Even Mr Yong accepted that a debt “cannot be cancelled after it has been fully
settled”. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p161(11) to 162(16)

It makes no commercial sense for the parties to have intended both to set off
and to cancel the very same debt.

Inconsistencies in the statement of account

189 Fourth, there are also certain very curious features in the two-page
statement of account dated 31 August 2017 attached to D’s 18 August Letter.
193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Khoo May May Evelyn Vanessa’s AEIC at p255 to 256

190 The statement of account purports to show that Panoil’s invoices to the
defendant were cancelled on 12 August 2017. This is inconsistent with the
defendant’s pleaded assertion that the invoices were cancelled only on 18
August 2017, only after Panoil had allegedly approved the cancellation. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Defence at para 5(b)(ii)(b)

Indeed, when this was put to him, Mr Yeo accepted that the documentary
evidence contradicted the defendant’s pleaded case. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p70(5) to 71(2)

He tried to explain this contradiction by speculating that it might have been
the defendant’s internal accounting practice to record the cancellation in its
accounting records “a couple of days earlier” ie, before Panoil accepted the
request for cancellation by way of Panoil’s 18 August Letter. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p59(12) to 59(20)

191 This is a contrived explanation. I reject it. Mr Yeo did not explain how
the defendant learned of Eastern Pacific’s request to deal directly with
Panoil as well as Panoil’s agreement to the request by 12 August 2017. Eastern
Pacific’s request to Panoil was communicated to Panoil no earlier than EP’s 17
August Letter. Panoil accepted the request by its 18 August Letter. By Mr
Yeo’s own admission, the defendant only ever contacted Eastern Pacific through
Panoil. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p49(7) to 49(16)

More importantly, he said that the defendant was made aware of Eastern
Pacific’s desire to deal directly with Panoil “based on what we heard through
the letters [Eastern Pacific] gave to us”. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p81(22) to 82(15)

In essence, it was Panoil who “got hold of Eastern” 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p48(7) to 48(24)

and everything was handled by Panoil and “not by [the defendant]”. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p40(9) to 40(21)

192 Moreover, I find it highly unlikely that the defendant’s accounting
personnel would make a factually false entry in the defendant’s accounting
records. Reflecting the cancellation of the invoices as having taken effect on
12 August 2017 when Panoil agreed to the cancellation only on 18 August 2017
means that the defendant’s records would not present a true and fair view of
its financial position for almost a week. Mr Yeo accepted this. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p61(14) to 61(18)

His weak justification was that preparing the statement “for the whole month,
so the month would have all the recordings of what we did inside our
company…Panoil can object and say why did you do it on the 12th, but they did
not object”. This clearly does not address the undesirable gap between the
financial position reflected in the defendant’s books and the defendant’s
actual financial position. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p61(19) to 61(24)

In fact, it is telling that when confronted on this point, Mr Yeo abdicated
responsibility, saying that he would have to check with the defendant’s
accounts personnel as he did not control the dates that they recorded in the
defendant’s books “and maybe they would have read it wrongly”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p64(1) to 64(9)

193 Another fact supporting my finding that the documents are fabrications is
that the two-page statement of account attached to D’s 18 August Letter
contains transactions up to 31 August 2017. Why would the defendant, in a
covering letter dated 18 August 2017, enclose a statement of account post-
dated by 13 days? And how would the defendant have known on 18 August 2017
what transactions would take place in the future, ie, between 18 August 2017
and 31 August 2017?

194 Mr Yeo’s response was not persuasive. He merely speculated that the
defendant’s personnel in charge of its accounts had “prepared all the
documents to be included inside there, to close the accounts for the month-
end” 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p77(16) to 77(25)

. He merely guessed, without personal knowledge of the matter, 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p76(3) to 76(7), p77(18) to 77(25)

that this was possible because two invoices with dates after 18 August 2017
and which are reflected in the statement were “issued in advance…so these were
transactions that were already done, they are [sic] going to invoice them on
this [sic] days”. He gave the same explanation for a payment of US$2,400 to
Panoil which was recorded in the statement as taking place on 22 August 2017.
206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Notes of Evidence (25 July 2019), p74(10) to 74(15)

195 Mr Yong accepted that the issue with the dates was, on its face, a
discrepancy which would have warranted Panoil asking further questions of the
defendant, as the recipient of D’s 18 August Letter. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p186(7) to 187(3)

In fact, he went even further, agreeing with a suggestion from plaintiff’s
counsel’s that the two-page statement of account “could not possibly be the
correct enclosure to [the] purported letter of 18 August”. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p187(23) to 188(3)

The documents were discovered in suspicious circumstances

196 Fifth, the circumstances surrounding the defendant’s disclosure in this
action of the documents supporting the Cancellation Defence cast serious
doubts as to their authenticity.

197 Panoil’s records were initially kept at its Albert Street premises (the
“AS Premises”). The lease for the AS Premises was due to expire in or around
October 2017. Ms Chua informed the judicial managers in January 2018 that, in
anticipation of the lease expiring, Panoil’s records had been moved to
premises at Lower Delta Road (the “LDR Premises”). It was not until July 2018
that Mr Yong informed the judicial managers for the first time that some
additional records of Panoil were stored at premises in Lim Chu Kang (the “LCK
Premises”).

198 The judicial manager confirmed all this at trial. The defendant did not
challenge his evidence in cross-examination. Mr Yong was asked whether he
informed the judicial managers in October 2017, when they were appointed, that
Panoil had stored some of its property at the LCK Premises. He first said that
he “really cannot recall” 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p171(2) to 171(11)

and that he did not know. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p172(11) to 172(15)

He was then referred to the judicial manager’s evidence in his affidavit of
evidence in chief that Mr Yong had told the judicial managers about the LCK
Premises for the first time in July 2018. Mr Yong then said that “we
definitely have informed them prior to this”. He qualified his response by
saying that he told the judicial managers that the LCK Premises contained
“mainly…furnitures [sic]”. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p173(6) to 173(14), 174(11) to 174(13)

He concluded by recalling that he had “definitely informed [the judicial
manager] way before, yes, way before”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p174(11) to 174(13)

I accept the judicial manager’s evidence and reject Mr Yong’s evidence.

199 It is only at the LCK Premises that the judicial managers found copies of
EP’s 17 August Letter and Panoil’s 18 August Letter. The judicial managers
have never found the originals of these documents. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Bundle of AEICs, Vol 1, p426 at para 14

The judicial managers have also never found an original or a copy of D’s 18
August Letter in either the LDR Premises or the LCK Premises. What is even
more striking is that the tenant of the LCK Premises is a company in which Mr
Yong and Mr Yeo are the shareholders. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Khoo May May Evelyn Vanessa’s AEIC at para 70

200 The judicial manager’s evidence is consistent with Mr Yong’s 23 July 2018
email to the judicial manager. In that email, Mr Yong said that “the copies of
the correspondence are inside the boxes of documents that was [sic] handed
over to JM previously”. This was a few days after Mr Yong first informed the
judicial managers of the LCK Premises. In any event, the key point is that the
copies of the documents were discovered only after Mr Yong informed the
judicial managers of the LCK Premises. Mr Yong’s evidence is not inconsistent
with this. I accordingly accept that the documents were discovered only after
Mr Yong told the judicial managers for the first time of the LCK Premises. I
also find that this was July 2018. Moreover, the fact that the original of
EP’s 17 August Letter and more importantly, the original of Panoil’s 18 August
Letter, was not found at the LCK Premises suggests very strongly that the
documents are not authentic.

201 Once MPA took disciplinary action against Panoil in August 2017, its
business was doomed. This was public knowledge. Mr Yeo had every incentive to
improve the defendant’s position against Panoil. Mr Yong no longer had any
incentive to safeguard Panoil’s position. I have detailed above at
[120]–[123], Mr Yong and Mr Yeo’s close personal and commercial relationship.
That gave them every incentive to collude. The documents found at the LCK
Premises are critical documents. They exonerate the defendant of any liability
for the Debt. They were found belatedly in premises leased to a company of
which both Mr Yong and Mr Yeo are directors in these circumstances. I do not
accept that this is a coincidence. I do not accept that the documents are
genuine.

Mr Yong’s 23 July 2018 Emails

202 Sixth, two emails sent by Mr Yong to the judicial manager and Mr Yeo on 23
July 2018 cast doubt on whether EP’s 17 August Letter was created on the date
that it bears.

203 In his email to the judicial managers on 23 July 2018, Mr Yong stated that
“this matter only came to our attention at a much later time, and we do not
have time to act on it until the JM steps in”. As to what “this matter” meant,
he testified at trial that this referred to Eastern Pacific’s request to deal
directly with Panoil, ie, EP’s 17 August Letter. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p165(15) to 166(8)

If so, this would mean that Panoil’s 18 August Letter came to Panoil’s
attention much later than the day it was sent. Yet, Panoil purportedly sent
Panoil’s 18 August Letter the very next day after receiving EP’s 17 August
Letter.

204 Mr Yong also testified in chief that he had instructed Ms Chua to draft
this letter. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p151(24) to 152(3)

In cross-examination, he retreated and said that this was a poor use of
language. What he really meant by “this matter” was “this whole issue on how
do…we manage it, how do we handle this”. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p167(8) to 167(16)

The plain words of his 23 July 2018 email however do not bear this out. “This
matter” reads as a reference to the inception of Eastern Pacific’s request to
deal directly with Panoil.

205 Similarly, in his email to Mr Yeo on 23 July 2018, Mr Yong sought to
provide context to the cancellation of the invoices: 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents at p94

Dear Mr Yeo,

Apologies for the late reply, as the staff that was handling the case is no
longer working in Panoil. we have a difficult time trying to clarify the
issues raised by you. However, the following are some of the facts that we
have gathered.

1\. Our facilities with the banks for invoice financing is on a non-notified
basis, as such there is no requirement for us to inform you. Further to that,
invoices was not assigned to anyone during that period.

2\. When our staff was informed of the cancellation, before they can react to
do anything, the Judicial Managers have already step in. It was an oversight
on their part, as they do not know how to manage this.

…

Best regards.

[emphasis added]

206 When cross-examined on when Panoil’s employee “was informed of the
cancellation”, Mr Yong prevaricated. He first said that this was when the
employee received EP’s 17 August Letter “informing” Panoil’s staff of the
cancellation. However, he backtracked when he conceded that EP’s 17 August
Letter contained no such request for cancellation. He then claimed instead
that it was Mr Yeo who came to Panoil’s office demanding the cancellation. He
further suggested that there was another letter – separate from EP’s 17 August
Letter – informing Panoil of the cancellation. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p143(1) to 143(24)

Yet, this letter was not disclosed in these proceedings.

207 Another problem with Mr Yong’s account of events in his email to Mr Yeo on
23 July 2018 is that the words “before they can react to do anything” suggests
that Panoil never actually cancelled the invoices. This assertion is also hard
to square with Mr Yong’s evidence that he directed Ms Chua to tell Eastern
Pacific that Panoil accepted the cancellation by Panoil’s 18 August Letter.
220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p152(24) to 153(16)

He then sought to clarify that the phrase “before they can react to do
anything” meant completing “all the proper paperwork” such that Panoil’s 18
August Letter was a “stop-gap measure to pacify everyone” but that Panoil then
failed to “follow up with all the relevant documentations”. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p153(10) to 153(16)

208 Moreover, Mr Yong’s suggestion that Panoil’s employee was unable to do
anything upon receiving EP’s 17 August Letter because judicial managers had,
by then, been appointed is factually wrong. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p145(9) to 146(5)

Judicial managers were appointed only on 2 October 2017. No interim judicial
managers were ever appointed. Mr Yong remained in control of Panoil until 2
October 2017. At trial, Mr Yong backtracked by claiming that he was not
actually “familiar with the process” at the time. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p146(18) to 147(4)

Panoil filed the application for its own judicial management on 31 August
2017. He said that the nominated judicial managers had advised Panoil not to
do anything after filing the application. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p148(12) to 149(8)

When confronted with this in cross-examination, Mr Yong sought to explain that
what he “really [meant] in [his 23 July 2018 email] is 31 August”. However,
the plain words of this email do not support his re-characterisation of the
email. This is especially so when considered alongside Mr Yong’s email to the
judicial manager sent on the same day, in which he says that the request by
Eastern Pacific to deal directly with Panoil 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p149(9) to 149(19)

“only came to [Panoil’s] attention at a much later time, and we do not have
time to act on it until the JM steps in” [emphasis added]. Moreover, as one of
only two directors of Panoil, I find it hard to believe that Mr Yong would be
unaware of Panoil’s state of affairs, much less by August 2017 when Panoil was
already on the brink of insolvency.

Panoil never issued replacement invoices to Eastern Pacific

209 Finally, Panoil never issued replacement invoices to Eastern Pacific. This
is another indication that no cancellation ever took place. In considering
this point, there is an issue which arises on the defendant’s pleadings.

210 On any reasonable reading, the defence contains a plea only that Panoil
unilaterally cancelled the invoices. There is no plea as to what took the
place of the cancelled invoices. However, defendant’s counsel confirmed in his
oral closing submissions that the thrust of the defendant’s Cancellation
Defence is that, on 18 August 2017, the parties agreed to novate the Contracts
to Eastern Pacific. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 15(iii)

According to the defendant, this resulted in the defendant dropping out of the
picture and Eastern Pacific assuming the defendant’s obligation to pay the
Debt to Panoil, albeit under fresh contracts.

211 This alleged novation of the Contracts was nowhere pleaded. The defence
pleads merely that Eastern Pacific sent Panoil a letter on 17 August 2017
“notifying Panoil to bill Eastern Pacific Tankers Sdn Bhd directly” and that
Panoil proceeded to accept the “said request of … Eastern Pacific Tankers Sdn
Bhd and on 18 August 2017 notify [sic] the latter accordingly by way of a
letter dated the same”. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Defence at para 5(b)(ii)

That is simply a plea that two parties – the defendant and Panoil – agreed to
cancel the invoices. It does not contain, even by implication, a plea that
there was a tripartite novation let alone a plea of the consideration
necessary to support it.

212 Defendant’s counsel submits that consideration is not required for a
novation. That submission is without merit. In a novation, “both the benefits
and the burdens of the original contract are transferred to the new
contracting parties, essentially because…the original contract is extinguished
and a new contract is formed” (Fairview Developments Pte Ltd v Ong & Ong Pte
Ltd and another appeal [2014] 2 SLR 318 at [46]). It necessarily follows that
consideration is required for this new contract to be formed. It is true that,
for a novation, “the consideration [is] usually…the discharge of the old
contract” (Koh Chong Chiah and others v Treasure Resort Pte Ltd and another
[2013] 1 SLR 1069 at [67], citing Halsbury’s Laws of England vol 9(1)
(Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1998) at para 1036). The requirement of
consideration may be easily satisfied in a novation, but it remains a
requirement.

213 The only pleaded defence is a bilateral cancellation. The allegation that
there was a tripartite novation is nowhere pleaded. The defendant cannot
advance a defence based on a novation.

214 Even if I were to leave aside the pleading point, the defendant failed to
call any witness of fact from Eastern Pacific who had personal knowledge of
this alleged novation. And if there were such a novation, one would have
expected to see Panoil re-issue the cancelled invoices to Eastern Pacific. No
such re-issued invoices were produced in evidence.

215 Further, it appears that no re-issued invoices exist. Mr Yong confirmed
that Panoil did not re-issue any invoices to Eastern Pacific. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p175(19) to 176(1)

Panoil’s judicial managers searched for re-issued invoices and were unable to
find any. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Lin Yueh Hung’s AEIC at para 9

This is surprising. No commercial entity would, in the ordinary course of its
business, cancel an invoice without re-issuing a fresh invoice covering the
same receivable. Doing so amounts to forgiving the receivable entirely. It is
not the defendant’s case that Panoil ever intended to forgive the Debt
entirely.

216 In response, Mr Yong explains this away on the basis that Panoil was hard-
pressed for time and thus could not react “to issue the invoice, to do
whatever necessary for the…change in the request by Eastern Pacific”. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p150(8) to 150(23)

In support of this, he cites his 23 July 2018 e-mail to Mr Yeo (see [203]
above). I am not persuaded, for the reasons given above at [208].

217 Even if I were to accept Mr Yong’s characterisation that he meant to refer
to the date as of 31 August 2017, having been advised that Panoil “should not
be doing anything after we have filed for … judicial management”, there still
remains a 13-day window between Panoil’s 18 August Letter and Panoil’s
judicial management application on 31 August 2017. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Notes of Evidence (30 July 2019), p148(24) to 149(8)

During these 13 days, Panoil did not re-issue any invoices to Eastern Pacific.
Mr Yong simply offers no satisfactory explanation for why, if Panoil had the
time to reply to EP’s 17 August Letter, it did not have the time to re-issue
the invoices.

218 Panoil’s failure to re-issue invoices to Eastern Pacific is a strong
indication that the Debt was never cancelled.

Conclusion on the Cancellation Defence

219 Given my findings, I am satisfied that the Debt was not cancelled in
August 2017. The documents on which the defendant relies for the Cancellation
Defence are fabrications. They were created for the purposes of defending a
claim on the Contracts. Accordingly, I hold that Cancellation Defence fails.

220 Both of the defendant’s substantive defences have failed. The plaintiff is
therefore entitled to judgment in this action.

Costs

221 The event in this action is entirely in the plaintiff’s favour. As part of
its judgment, the plaintiff is accordingly entitled to an order for its costs
of and incidental to the action. Plaintiff’s counsel submits that the
defendant’s conduct throughout the entirety of this action makes this an
appropriate case for me to exercise my discretion under O 59 r 27 of the Rules
of Court to award costs against the defendant on the indemnity basis.

222 While this discretion is unfettered, it must necessarily be exercised
judicially. As the Court of Appeal in Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock
Peter and others (Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and others, third parties) [2011] 1
SLR 582 observed, “[c]osts on an indemnity basis should only be ordered in a
special case or where there are exceptional circumstances” (at [29]). Indeed,
the “burden on a party who seeks an order for indemnity costs as a matter of
discretion is…a high one” (Tan Chin Yew Joseph v Saxo Capital Markets Pte Ltd
[2013] SGHC 274 at [97]).

223 Order 59 r 5 of the Rules of Court sets out a list of several factors
which a court should take into account in considering whether it is
appropriate to award costs on the indemnity basis. These factors largely
relate to the conduct of the paying party both before and during the
litigation. This list is however, not exhaustive (Wong Meng Cheong and another
v Ling Ai Wah and another [2012] 1 SLR 549 at [199]). The court thus should
have regard to all the circumstances of the case, to ensure that there is
“some conduct or circumstance which takes the case out of the norm”.

224 In so far as the conduct of the unsuccessful party is the ground for
seeking an order of costs on the indemnity basis, “the test is not conduct
attracting moral condemnation, which is an a fortiori ground, but rather
unreasonableness” (Three Rivers District Council v The Governor and Co of the
Bank of England (No 6) [2006] EWHC 816 (Comm) at [25]). Some relevant factors
include “the extent of a party’s dishonest and unscrupulous intentions and
actions” (Airtrust (Hong Kong) Ltd v PH Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd
[2016] 5 SLR 103 at [50]).

225 I find in all the circumstances that the defendant’s conduct in this
litigation rises to the level of unreasonableness which is necessary to make
an award of indemnity costs against it appropriate. The defendant conducted
its defence contumeliously, evincing a blatant disregard for the court and its
processes. The defendant played fast and loose with the court in discovery, in
calling witnesses and in its affidavits of evidence in chief. There were many
shifts of position, often at the last minute, and some of which involved
misleading the court. The defendant engaged in the archetypal unreasonable
litigation conduct which ought to be mulcted in indemnity costs.

226 I highlight a few examples.

227 On 8 November 2018, already concerned about the completeness of the
defendant’s discovery, I directed that no party shall be permitted to file
supplementary lists of documents beyond a final round of lists to be exchanged
on 13 November 2018. I also barred both parties from relying at trial, without
the leave of court, on any document not disclosed in pre-trial discovery.
Despite this, without the leave of court, the defendant filed a supplementary
list of documents on 15 July 2019. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p2(11) to 26(24)

Mr Yeo admitted that some of these documents were in his possession, custody
and power even in November 2018, when I imposed the discovery guillotine. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p124(4) to 124(14)

This piecemeal approach to discovery and the fact that the discovery was given
on the eve of trial aggravates the defendant’s blatant disregard of my order.
As an indulgence, I allowed the defendant to rely on these documents, but
ordered the defendant to pay any and all costs thrown away as a result of the
late discovery.

228 At a pre-trial conference on 15 February 2019, the defendant alleged that
Mr Yeo had been asking Mr Yong and Mr Joe Lim since 2018 to give evidence for
the defendant at trial and to affirm affidavits of evidence in chief but had
been unsuccessful. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p129(24) to 130(13)

Despite this, on the first day of trial, the defendant produced affidavits of
evidence in chief from both witnesses and applied to have the affidavits
admitted. I ordered Mr Yong and Mr Joe Lim to give their evidence in chief
orally, with the defendant to bear all costs thrown away. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p140(2) to 141(9)

229 When Mr Yong and Mr Joe Lim took the stand, they each confirmed that they
had been approached by Mr Yeo to give evidence for the defendant at trial only
two to three weeks before trial ie, sometime in early July 2019. They also
confirmed that they had never refused to provide affidavits of evidence in
chief for the defendant. Mr Yeo’s assertion that he had asked Mr Yong and Mr
Joe Lim in 2018 to provide affidavits of evidence in chief for the purposes of
the trial and that they had refused to provide affidavits of evidence in chief
for trial was therefore false on two counts. Mr Yeo made this false assertion
on at least four separate occasions: (a) in his affidavit dated 22 November
2018 as a basis to vacate the initial trial dates in November 2018 when he
stated that he had asked them to give evidence for the defendant, 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Parry Yeo’s 22 November 2018 AEIC at para 5

(b) during the hearing of an interlocutory application on 27 November 2018
when Mr Yeo stated that he had approached Mr Yong and Mr Joe Lim; 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Notes of Evidence (27 November 2018), p40(16) to 40(19)

(c) in his affidavit dated 2 February 2019 filed in the defendant’s
interlocutory application to dispense with Mr Yong and Mr Joe Lim’s affidavits
of evidence in chief, a key factual basis on which the learned Assistant
Registrar granted the application; and (d) while giving oral evidence on the
first day of trial. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Notes of Evidence (24 July 2019), p129(18) to 131(10)

Mr Yeo misled the court. His conduct is inexcusable.

230 Furthermore, on the evening of the penultimate day of trial, the defendant
applied to call Mr Chan instead of Mr Saleem as its witness to give evidence
from Eastern Pacific’s perspective. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Notes of Evidence (31 July 2019), p1(16) to 4(5)s

Mr Saleem was scheduled to give evidence the following day. The defendant must
have known of Mr Saleem’s inability to attend trial well before it made the
application. Yet it made the application very late in the day. This is not
only unreasonable litigation conduct but unacceptable and inexcusable
litigation conduct.

231 To make matters worse, knowing that Mr Chan was to be a witness, the
defendant permitted Mr Chan to sit in the gallery before taking the stand
without informing me or plaintiff’s counsel.

232 For all of these reasons, I order that the defendant pay the plaintiff the
costs of this action assessed on an indemnity basis, such costs to be taxed if
they cannot be agreed.

Conclusion

233 For all of the foregoing reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s claim with
interest and costs. Judgment will be entered for the plaintiff against the
defendant as follows:

(a) The defendant shall pay to the plaintiff the outstanding principal sum of
US$2,431,220.87;

(b) The defendant shall pay to the plaintiff contractual interest on the sum
due under each invoice from the due date of each invoice until 19 February
2018 at the rate of 2% per month pursuant to Clause 8.3 of Panoil’s T&Cs, such
interest amounting to US$268,572.43;

(c) The defendant shall pay to the plaintiff contractual interest on the said
sum of US$2,431,220.87 at the rate of 2% per month from 20 February 2018 until
payment is received, pursuant to Clause 8.3 of Panoil’s T&Cs and

(d) The defendant shall also pay to the plaintiff the costs of and incidental
to this action, such costs to be taxed on the indemnity basis if not agreed.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

  
Chan Kia Pheng, Tan Jia Hui and Samuel Lee (LVM Law Chambers LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Lim Chee San (TanLim Partnership) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 18 Aug 2021 (18:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

