Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 24

Originating Summons No 7 of 2019

Between

| Dr Foo Chee Boon Edward  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Singapore Medical Council  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Professions] — [Medical profession and practice] — [Professional misconduct]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Foo Chee Boon Edward

  

v

  

Singapore Medical Council

[2020] SGHC 24

High Court — Originating Summons No 7 of 2019  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Woo Bih Li J  
31 January 2020

31 January 2020

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Background

1 The appellant, Dr Foo Chee Boon Edward (“Dr Foo”), is a general surgeon who
has been in practice since 1983. Before the Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”), Dr
Foo faced three charges, which included a charge of failing to keep clear and
accurate medical records (“the charge”). Dr Foo pleaded guilty to the charge
and the DT imposed a term of three months’ suspension in that respect. It is
that charge alone which forms the sole subject matter of the present appeal.

2 We begin with a brief outline of the salient facts. The patient first
consulted Dr Foo on 18 January 2012 at Parkway East Hospital. She was referred
to Dr Foo by one Dr Roger Heng. Dr Foo diagnosed the patient with rectal
cancer and discussed various treatment options with her. These were documented
in a clinical case note, along with, among other things, Dr Foo’s physical
findings and the results of the various tests conducted on the patient.

3 It is not disputed that during this initial consultation, Dr Foo did explain
the material risks and possible complications of the treatment options to the
patient. However, he was unable to obtain the patient’s consent at that time
as she had expressed financial concerns regarding immediate admission to
Parkway East Hospital. He advised her to seek urgent admission to a
restructured hospital instead.

4 On 24 January 2012, the patient contacted Dr Foo again to seek treatment
under him. Dr Foo was overseas at the time and therefore advised the patient
to contact Dr Heng. On the following day, Dr Heng conducted various tests on
the patient. On 26 January 2012, he documented her written consent for two
procedures to be carried out by Dr Foo and himself, namely, a “Total
Hysterectomy and Anterior Resection”. The two procedures are more fully
described as a Total Abdominal Hysterectomy with Bilateral Salpingo-
oophorectomy and a Lower Anterior Resection (“LAR”) but it does not seem to us
that anything turns on the slight difference in the terms in which it was
described in the relevant forms.

5 The procedures were performed on 31 January 2012. Subsequently, the patient
developed complications and passed away on 4 February 2012.

The charge and the decision below

6 We turn to the charge against Dr Foo that is before us.

7 The charge essentially states that Dr Foo’s documentation was inadequate in
two respects:

(a) It failed to record his advice as to the material risks and possible
complications of the procedures, including the additional risks of operating
on an underweight patient; and

(b) He failed personally to record the patient’s consent to undergo the
procedures.

8 As we have stated above, Dr Foo pleaded guilty to the charge. In sentencing,
the DT came to the view that Dr Foo’s breach could not be seen as a minor or
technical one. Furthermore, the sentencing objectives of general and specific
deterrence were said to be relevant. According to the DT, the charge therefore
warranted a suspension of six months, which was then reduced to three months
due to the Singapore Medical Council’s (“SMC”) inordinate delay in prosecuting
the case.

The appeal

9 Dr Foo appealed to us, initially against the sentence only. While the
parties now agree that the conviction itself ought to be set aside because the
high threshold for disciplinary action to be taken has not been crossed, we
think it is important to set out the events which led to these belated
developments.

10 As we have observed, initially, Dr Foo had only appealed against the
sentence imposed by the DT. He contended that an appropriate sanction would be
a fine of not more than $15,000. The SMC, however, vigorously defended the
three months’ suspension.

11 Having read the written submissions, it was clear to us that both parties
were not alive to the possibility of the conviction itself being unsafe. This
caused us some concern as based on the facts and evidence, it did not seem to
us that any inadequacy in Dr Foo’s documentation rose to the level of
professional misconduct warranting the imposition of disciplinary sanctions.
While the DT did not have the benefit of our judgment in Singapore Medical
Council v Lim Lian Arn [2019] 5 SLR 739 (“Lim Lian Arn”), the parties’
submissions were filed after that decision had been published. In Lim Lian
Arn, we made clear that the threshold to be crossed before misconduct may be
found is a high one. As a general rule, mere negligence would not be enough.
It would be relevant to consider the nature and extent of the misconduct, the
gravity of the foreseeable consequences and the public interest in pursuing
disciplinary action (Lim Lian Arn at [37]–[38]).

12 In the present case, the charge can only be sustained if Dr Foo’s conduct
amounts to such serious negligence that it objectively portrays an abuse of
the privileges which accompany registration as a medical practitioner. This
describes the disciplinary threshold applicable to negligent, as opposed to
wilful, breaches and is explicitly stated in the charge itself.

13 Accordingly, we directed the parties to file further written submissions on
whether the relevant threshold had been crossed for the charge (“the
Question”). We set out below the points which we had raised to the parties for
their consideration.

The Question

14 The first point which we observed was that there is a material distinction
between a charge for a failure to document the risks of the procedures and for
a failure to advise the patient about the same. At the risk of stating the
obvious, the latter failure would almost invariably be more serious when
compared to the former. This is because a failure to advise the patient of
relevant and material risks might potentially mean that the patient’s informed
consent had not in fact been obtained.

15 Second, it appeared to us that there was in fact a fair amount of
documentation of the discussion between Dr Foo and the patient during the
initial consultation on 18 January 2012. Dr Foo had, for instance, documented
his advice to the patient of the possible treatment options and the preferred
option. He had also, among other things, recorded the patient’s diagnosis, the
physical findings and the results of the tests.

16 Third, in so far as Dr Foo’s failure to record the patient’s consent was
concerned, we observed that Dr Heng did in fact document her consent on 26
January 2012. We further note that he then informed Dr Foo that the pre-
admission procedures had been completed. Dr Heng himself is a senior
practitioner and was the co-surgeon for the procedures. Furthermore, at the
material time, Dr Foo was overseas and there was some degree of urgency given
the patient’s condition.

17 Fourth, on the evidence before us, there was nothing to suggest that Dr
Foo’s alleged failure of documentation amounted to a persistent failure. As we
observed in Lim Lian Arn at [34], both the 2002 and 2016 editions of the SMC’s
Ethical Code and Ethical Guidelines (“ECEG”) emphasise that it is serious
disregard of or persistent failure to meet the relevant standards that may
lead to disciplinary proceedings.

18 Finally, it also appeared that no harm ensued from the particular breach in
question, given the absence of any nexus between the facts relating to this
charge and the patient’s death.

Summary of the parties’ revised positions

19 As stated above, Dr Foo now seeks to set aside the conviction on the basis
that the applicable threshold has not been crossed. To its credit, the SMC is
now taking the same position. As the parties’ responses largely overlap, we
set out the points which are accepted by both parties.

20 In essence, the parties agree that the inadequate documentation in this
case is limited to a fairly narrow category of information. In addition, as
far as the documentation of consent is concerned, Dr Heng had already
documented the patient’s consent on 26 January 2012 (although the SMC still
maintains that there was a duty on Dr Foo to personally document the patient’s
consent, a point which we return to later). The parties also agree that there
is no evidence that the failure of documentation represented a persistent
failure on the part of Dr Foo, or that there was actual or potential harm
arising from this particular breach. Finally, Dr Foo’s conduct in this respect
could not be said to be due to an indifference to the patient’s welfare.

Our decision

21 Having considered the parties’ revised positions, we are strengthened in
our initial view that there was no basis for the charge to have been brought
in the first place. In our judgment, the relevant threshold was not crossed on
the facts and evidence before us, for all the reasons canvassed above. In the
circumstances, we set aside the conviction on the charge and the sentence
imposed.

22 We make two final observations.

23 First, we note that Dr Foo has been found liable for two other charges of
professional misconduct in respect of his management of the patient. As
neither party has appealed against the DT’s decision in respect of those
charges, nothing in this judgment displaces those convictions and sentences
and we make no comment on them.

24 Second, we observe that the SMC maintains its position that Dr Foo ought to
have personally re-documented the patient’s consent to undergo the procedures,
notwithstanding Dr Heng’s documentation of her consent. This is said to be on
the basis that he was the principal surgeon for one of the two procedures
(namely, the LAR procedure). As the LAR procedure was within his speciality,
and carried significant risks, it is said Dr Foo ought to have documented
consent personally as well.

25 We have some doubts as to the correctness of this position. The starting
premise which is undisputed is that Dr Foo had already explained the relevant
risks of the procedures to the patient on 18 January 2012. The patient did not
provide her consent to the procedures at the time owing to financial concerns.
Because he was overseas when the patient later contacted him again for
treatment, he entrusted Dr Heng to attend to the relevant documentation which
included the patient’s written consent. It is not disputed that the patient’s
consent was then documented and that she was provided with the requisite
information before she signified her consent. In the circumstances, her
consent was a sufficiently informed one. In these circumstances, we find the
SMC’s position difficult to understand or accept. At the very least, it seems
to be an exceedingly technical position.

26 We also note that under the 2016 ECEG, it is contemplated that a medical
practitioner may delegate consent-taking to other team members. That being the
case, we are unable to understand why Dr Foo could not validly delegate the
documentation of the patient’s consent to his co-surgeon Dr Heng, who we
reiterate, is also a senior practitioner. Guideline C6(8) of the 2016 ECEG
states:

You must either take consent personally or if it is taken for you by a team
member, you must, through education, training and supervision of team members,
ensure the quality of the consent taken on your behalf. In any case, you must
ensure adequate documentation of the consent taking process where this
involves more complex or invasive modalities with higher risks.

27 Nevertheless, for the purposes of this appeal, it is not necessary for us
to arrive at a concluded view on this issue. We therefore leave this issue for
a future occasion where the parties may make their submissions with the
benefit of the foregoing observations.

28 For the costs below, the DT ordered Dr Foo to pay to the SMC 90% of its
costs and expenses given that he had unsuccessfully contested the two other
charges brought against him. We see no reason to disturb the costs order
below. As for the costs of the appeal, having regard to the parties’ initial
positions, we order the parties to bear their own costs. The usual
consequential orders, if any, shall apply.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Woo Bih Li  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Lin Ming Khin, Gan Guo Wei, Tanaya Shekhar Kinjavdekar and Kwok Chong Xin
Dominic (Charles Lin LLC) for the appellant;  
Philip Fong Yeng Fatt, Sui Yi Siong (Xu Yixiong) and William Khoo Wei Ming
(Eversheds Harry Elias LLP) for the respondent.  
  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

