Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 189

Criminal Case No 19 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor

And

Norasharee bin Gous

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Norasharee bin Gous

[2020] SGHC 189

High Court — Criminal Case No 19 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
20 March, 8 July, 26 August 2020

14 September 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused, Norasharee bin Gous (“Norasharee”), was charged under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 12 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) for
abetting, by instigation, one Mohamad Yazid bin Md Yusof (“Yazid”) to traffic
in not less than 120.90g of diamorphine. On 1 June 2016, I found Norasharee
guilty of the charge against him. The mandatory death penalty was passed on
him as he had not received a certificate of substantive assistance and did not
qualify as a “courier” within the meaning of s 33B of the MDA.

2 On appeal, Norasharee’s conviction and sentence were both upheld.
Subsequently, Norasharee filed Criminal Motion No 16 of 2018 seeking to adduce
further evidence to re-open the concluded appeal. In particular, he sought to
tender evidence from a purported alibi, one Mohammad Faizal bin Zainan Abidin,
nicknamed Lolok (“Lolok”), with a view to showing that he (Norasharee) did not
meet Yazid at VivoCity shopping centre (“VivoCity”) on 23 October 2013 and
therefore could not have instructed Yazid on a drug transaction during the
said meeting. Norasharee also claimed that his former counsel, Mr Amarick Gill
(“Mr Gill”), had acted against his “firm instructions” in deciding not to call
Lolok as a witness during the High Court proceedings before me.

3 On 5 August 2019, the Court of Appeal decided that the matter should be
remitted to me to receive Lolok’s evidence on Norasharee’s alleged alibi
defence, but ordered that the remission of the matter be stayed pending
further consideration of certain matters. The Court of Appeal was also of the
view that there was no reason to question Mr Gill’s decision not to call Lolok
given what Mr Gill understood to be the essence of what Lolok had told him. It
clarified that its decision to remit the matter was based on the possibility
that there was a misunderstanding as to the facts relating to what Lolok did
or did not say to Mr Gill.

4 On 14 November 2019, the Court of Appeal ordered that the stay of the
remittal order be lifted and the matter was thus remitted to me accordingly.
Having received the fresh evidence and the parties’ submissions, I find no new
evidence that would have altered the findings I made at trial. Having heard
the evidence before me now, I find, beyond reasonable doubt, that the alibi
defence is an afterthought on Norasharee’s part and that he had met Yazid at
VivoCity on 23 October 2013 as proved at trial.

5 Lolok’s evidence is that both he and Norasharee had worked as freelance boat
cleaners on board a vessel known as the Long Ranger (“the Vessel”) for the
entirety of 2013. During the time when they were working together, they had
gone for lunch together “every day” or “almost every day”. On 23 October 2013,
Lolok had an argument with Norasharee before lunch time whereby he had made
fun of a two-tone tan line on Norasharee’s forehead, a remark that angered
Norasharee and led to an argument between them (“the Tan Line Argument”).
Lolok recorded the Tan Line Argument on a logbook kept on board the Vessel
(“the Vessel’s Logbook”). Following the Tan Line Argument, Lolok and
Norasharee drove to VivoCity in Norasharee’s black Honda Civic bearing
registration number SGF5471B to buy lunch, after which they then returned to
the Vessel to resume work.

6 Lolok also testified that Mr Gill had told him that he should not be a
witness for Norasharee and had warned him to “stay away” from the case. Lolok
insisted that he had not told Mr Gill that he had informed the CNB that he was
not with Norasharee on the afternoon of 23 October 2013. Instead, he merely
told Mr Gill that the CNB had not asked him if he had gone for lunch with
Norasharee on that date.

7 In my view, there are material discrepancies between Lolok’s and
Norasharee’s accounts of the events which had transpired in 2013. Norasharee
testified during cross-examination that he would sometimes go to VivoCity with
colleagues other than Lolok, and that he could not recall how frequently he
went to VivoCity for lunch. When pressed as to why he remembered that he was
with Lolok on what would (according to him) have been an uneventful day,
Norasharee’s only response was “I was really with him.” In contrast, Lolok was
confident that he had gone to lunch together with Norasharee “every day” or
“almost every day”. If this were indeed the case, Norasharee could easily have
made reference to this fact to explain why he was certain that he was with
Lolok at VivoCity on 23 October 2013. The fact that he did not do so
undermines the credibility of his alibi defence.

8 Lolok’s reliance on the Vessel’s Logbook to buttress the reliability of his
evidence is untenable. I am not convinced of the existence of the Vessel’s
Logbook. Notably, no logbook of any kind was produced in the proceedings
before me, and the Defence has no explanation to justify its inability to
procure the Logbook. During cross-examination, the owner of the Vessel, Mr
German Ponomarev (“Mr German”), testified that no logbook had been kept upon
the Vessel. The Defence seeks to discredit Mr German’s evidence by
demonstrating that he has poor recollection of certain features of the Vessel
(such as its license number) as well as incidents involving the Vessel (such
as an engine failure incident which allegedly took place sometime in or around
October 2013). I accept that Mr German may not have been entirely familiar
with the day-to-day operations of the Vessel, which he was content to leave in
the hands of the boat crew. Nevertheless, I see no reason to disbelieve Mr
German’s evidence that he had personally managed all of the Vessel’s services,
and that he “knew exactly what kind of documentation [the Vessel] had”. I
agree with the Prosecution that there is simply no reason as to why Mr German
might lie about the existence (or non-existence) of the logbook.

9 After the proceedings before me had ended, counsel for Norasharee submitted
a statutory declaration (dated 16 July 2020) by Captain Haji, stating that he
kept a logbook on board the Vessel recording “[his] duties for the day, the
charter for the boat, any incidents that occurred on the boat as well as who
enters and exits the boat at any given time”. The delayed submission of this
statutory declaration was consistent with the Defence’s practice of adducing
fresh evidence as and when it was deemed necessary to ‘catch up’ with the
developments in these proceedings. In my view, it would be prejudicial to
admit Captain Haji’s evidence at this stage given that (a) he was present in
court while Mr German was giving evidence; and (b) the Prosecution has not had
an opportunity to cross-examine him on the contents of his statutory
declaration. Furthermore, Captain Haji’s evidence is of little assistance to
this court since he did not confirm that he has seen the specific entry which
Lolok allegedly recorded in the Vessel’s Logbook. Lolok’s evidence on the
occurrence of the Tan Line Argument therefore remains uncorroborated.

10 I add, for completeness, that the maritime legislation does not support the
Defence’s submission that there was a mandatory practice of keeping a logbook
to record incidents which took place on board the Vessel. The Defence has
referred me to the following statutes and regulations:

(a) The Merchant Shipping Act (Cap 179, 1996 Rev Ed) (“MSA”);

(b) The Merchant Shipping (Official Log Books) Regulations (Cap 179, R 22,
1997 Rev Ed) (“Logbook Regulations”);

(c) The Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (Port) Regulations (Cap 170A,
R 7, 2000 Rev Ed) (“Port Regulations”); and

(d) The Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (Pleasure Craft) Regulations
(Cap 170A, R 6, 2000 Rev Ed) (“Pleasure Craft Regulations”).

11 Contrary to what the Defence suggests, there is nothing in these statutes
and regulations which indicates that a logbook must be maintained on board the
Vessel. First, the Logbook Regulations, which are enacted under s 89 (found in
Part IV) of the MSA, require an official logbook to be kept in every ship
registered in Singapore “unless otherwise stated” (see s 3(1) of the Logbook
Regulations). However, it is undisputed that the Vessel is licensed and
flagged as a pleasure craft for commercial use. According to s 52(1)(b) of the
MSA, Part IV of the MSA does not apply to any pleasure crafts. The Logbook
Regulations are thus inapplicable in the present context.

12 In addition, while pleasure crafts are not exempt from Part V of the MSA
(which deals with “Survey and Safety”), there is nothing in Part V of the MSA
which requires a logbook to be kept on board the Vessel. This Part only makes
provisions for the circumstances under which ships may be “surveyed or
inspected” by the relevant authorities. It does not specify that logbooks must
be kept for the purposes of such surveys. Similarly, the Port and Pleasure
Craft Regulations do not mandate a practice of keeping a logbook. They merely
suggest that that the Vessel may be surveyed and that documents relating to
the Vessel — if any — must be produced if required by the relevant
authorities.

13 Ms Wan Fei Fei (“Ms Wan”), an Assistant Director with the Maritime and Port
Authority (“the MPA”), testified that it was also the view of the MPA that the
Vessel was not required to maintain a logbook or mileage book at the material
time.

14 I do not accept the Defence’s theory that there had been a
“miscommunication” between Mr Gill and Lolok. Mr Gill’s evidence – which
remained unshaken in cross-examination – was that Lolok had informed him that
he had told the CNB that he was not with Norasharee at the material time. The
Defence has not adduced any evidence to show why or how Mr Gill could have
misunderstood Lolok’s instructions. Furthermore, I do not agree that the onus
was on Mr Gill to take steps to verify the existence of such a CNB statement.
In CM 16 of 2018, the Court of Appeal made clear that that it saw no reason to
question Mr Gill’s decision not to call Lolok given what he understood to be
the essence of what Lolok had told him. I am likewise of the view that Mr Gill
had fully and responsibly discharged his duties as Norasharee’s defence
counsel at the material time.

15 Lolok’s evidence is also inconsistent in several material respects. For
example, in his first statutory declaration, Lolok stated that he had recorded
the Tan Line Argument in “Marina Keppel Bay’s logbook” (“the MKB Logbook”). In
his second statutory declaration, Lolok explained that he had not recorded the
Tan Line Argument itself, but rather the fact that both he and Norasharee were
working on the Vessel on 23 October 2013. Moreover, this fact was not recorded
in the MKB Logbook, but in a “boat attendance list” which was kept on board
the Vessel. On the stand, Lolok changed his position once more and stated that
he had made an incident report regarding the Tan Line Argument on the Vessel’s
Logbook. Given that Lolok has, on his own evidence, worked at Marina Keppel
Bay for at least eight years, I find it difficult to believe that he was
unable to differentiate between the MKB Logbook and the Vessel’s Logbook, or
that he regarded the two as interchangeable. It is far more likely that Lolok
amended his evidence when he realised that the MKB Logbook did not contain
details of the incident which had allegedly taken place on board the Vessel.

16 Lolok also gave inconsistent evidence regarding the contents of the
Vessel’s Logbook. In his second statutory declaration, Lolok stated that the
the logbook was a “boat attendance list” maintaining records of people who
boarded the vessel, as well as the times which the boat crew started work,
paused for lunch, and ended work. Subsequently, Lolok’s oral evidence was that
the logbook was more akin to a “mileage book” that was also used to record
incidents occurring on the boat. It did not record the times during which the
crew members went for and returned from lunch. These inexplicable
discrepancies cast significant doubt on the existence of the Vessel’s Logbook
and the entry which Lolok allegedly made therein.

17 Lolok’s late appearance further detracts from the credibility of his
testimony. As the Prosecution points out, no alibi notice was filed pursuant
to s 278 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), and the
first time that Lolok surfaced as a possible alibi was during Norasharee’s
evidence-in-chief. Lolok also testified during cross-examination that he did
not, at any point in time, inform Mr Gill that he had been with Norasharee at
VivoCity on 23 October 2013. If Norasharee is in fact, as Lolok claims,
somebody that Lolok “loves”, it is unthinkable that Lolok would have kept his
alibi evidence to himself without attempting to inform the CNB or Mr Gill of
the same. Even if Lolok had only been reminded of the Tan Line Argument after
his interview with the CNB, he could readily have informed the CNB and/or Mr
Gill that he would, in all likelihood, have been with Norasharee at VivoCity
during lunch time since they had lunch together “everyday” or “almost every
day”. In the circumstances, it is clear to me that Lolok’s evidence is an
afterthought and that he was not at VivoCity with Norasharee on 23 October
2013.

18 Aside from the alibi defence, counsel for Norasharee raise two other
grounds for setting aside Norasharee’s conviction. The first is the argument
that Norasharee has been “dogged by failures in investigating procedures
throughout his arrest, remand, and initial sentencing”, causing him to suffer
a miscarriage of justice that renders his conviction unsafe. The alleged
“failures in investigating procedures” are as follows:

(a) In non-compliance with s 22 of the CPC, the CNB failed to record a
statement from Lolok after Norasharee’s arrest.

(b) In non-compliance with s 17 of the CPC, the CNB failed to conduct a
comprehensive investigation into Norasharee’s line of work and place of
employment.

(c) The Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”) failed to fulfil their obligations
under Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor and another matter
[2011] 3 SLR 1025 (“Kadar obligations”) by failing to direct the CNB to
furnish its knowledge of the fact that a statement had not been taken from
Lolok.

(d) The CNB failed to promptly seize documents and records from MKB after
Norasharee’s arrest. Due to the intervening lapse of time, any documents
containing evidence which could have exonerated Norasharee may have been
discarded.

19 In my view, the manner in which the investigations were conducted did not
prejudice Norasharee or result in a miscarriage of justice. It is undisputed
that when Lolok was approached by the CNB in November 2015, he did not inform
the CNB that he was Norasharee’s alibi on 23 October 2013. In the
circumstances, neither the CNB nor AGC was aware of the significance of
Norasharee’s employment details and/or his relationship with Lolok. There was
therefore no apparent necessity for the CNB to (a) take a statement from
Lolok, (b) conduct an investigation into Norasharee’s line of work, and/or (c)
seize documents from MKB when it was investigating the matter in 2015.

20 Similarly, I find that the Prosecution was not in breach of its Kadar
obligations by failing to direct the CNB to furnish its knowledge of the fact
that a statement had not been taken from Lolok. The Prosecution was not made
aware of Mr Gill’s “misapprehension” until Mr Gill filed a response to
Norasharee’s supporting affidavit in CM 16 of 2018, stating that Lolok had
informed him that he had told the CNB that he was not with Norasharee on 23
October 2013. Prior to this, the Prosecution had not been privy to the
discussions between Mr Gill and Lolok before or at the time of trial. The
Prosecution had also informed Mr Gino Hardial Singh (Norasharee’s then-
counsel), in response to his letter dated 5 December 2018, that no statement
had been recorded from Lolok in relation to this case.

21 The second ground raised by the Defence is that the testimony of the co-
accused, Yazid, ought to be re-examined in light of the investigative failures
and the introduction of the alibi evidence adduced.

22 The reliability and weight of Yazid’s testimony has already been analysed
in comprehensive detail by the Court of Appeal in Norasharee bin Gous v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 820. In that
case, the Court of Appeal assessed that Yazid’s testimony that he had met
Norasharee at VivoCity was truthful because, inter alia: (a) it was consistent
with VivoCity’s car park records, (b) it was consistent with Yazid’s phone
records, and (c) there was no other explanation as to why Yazid could have
known that Norasharee was at VivoCity on that day. The Court of Appeal also
noted (at [99]) that even though Yazid had not mentioned the meeting in
VivoCity until 22 June 2015 – approximately one-and-a-half years after his
arrest – he had made a statement, recorded as early as 30 October 2013, that
he had met the person who had instructed him on the drug transaction on 23
October 2013. As no further clarification was sought from Yazid, he did not
have an opportunity to elaborate on the said meeting until 22 June 2015.

23 In the circumstances, there is no basis for me to re-examine the veracity
and the weight of Yazid’s testimony. For the reasons that I have stated in my
judgment of 1 June 2016, and for the reasons stated above, I find that the
alibi defence cannot stand and report these findings back to the Court of
Appeal.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Yang Ziliang and Daphne Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the prosecution;

Ravi s/o Madasamy (Carson Law Chambers) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

