Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 9

District Court of Appeal No 25 of 2019

Between  
  

… Appellant

And

Islamic Religious Council of Singapore (Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura)

… Respondent

judgment

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Oral contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
JG 1Stop Services

  
(suing as a firm)

  

v

  

Islamic Religious Council of Singapore

  

(Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura)

[2020] SGHC 9

High Court — District Court Appeal No 25 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
15 November 2019

14 January 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Al-Mawaddah Mosque (“the Mosque”) was granted its Temporary Occupation
Permit on 30 March 2009. The plaintiff is a firm; the partners of which are
Mohamed Gani bin Nordin (“Gani”) and his son, Muhammad Razin bin Mohamed Gani.
They sued the defendant, who is the administrator of all mosques in Singapore,
for breach of contract.

2 The plaintiff carried on the business of event organising, including wedding
planning and catering, and it alleged that it had an oral contract made in May
2009 with the Management Board of the Mosque to provide wedding services at
the Mosque. It was not disputed that the plaintiff was permitted to provide
wedding services including the construction of a dais for newly-weds’ wedding
photographs to be taken. The last time the plaintiff conducted a wedding
service at the Mosque was in December 2015. It commenced this action against
the defendant in the District Court in May 2016.

3 The plaintiff alleged that the oral contract was concluded between Gani,
together with his daughter Kartini, the plaintiff’s events manager, and the
Management Board. The plaintiff’s case was that the Board was represented at
this meeting by Zulkifli bin Baba, Shukor bin Amin, Yusoff bin Ismail and
Saifulbahri bin Rasuo.

4 The defendant denied that there was any contract with the plaintiff, and
averred that the Management Board had merely permitted the plaintiff to carry
on its business at the Mosque as a form of service for the worshippers there.
The defendant’s case was that this was an informal arrangement not amounting
to a legally binding contract. The trial judge dismissed the plaintiff’s
action on the ground that the alleged contract was not proved.

5 The terms of the alleged contract were set out in the judgment of the court
below (at [6]). They were mostly terms regarding the plaintiff’s right to
provide wedding services at the Mosque, including the right to set up a
permanent dais for ceremonial and photography purposes.

6 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant agreed to pay $2,000 a month for it
to administer the services to the worshippers who were married in the Mosque –
regardless of how many weddings there were. The plaintiff alleged that it was
agreed that the contract be terminable by 30 days’ notice in writing. The
alleged contract itself, however, was not in writing.

7 The trial judge found no trace of any corroborating evidence, not just of
the alleged oral contract, but also of a meeting in May 2009 as the plaintiff
alleged. He rejected a draft proposal in an email of 30 April 2009 as
constituting evidence of the alleged contract. Although the learned judge held
that the draft proposal in the email of 30 April 2009 does not show that the
May 2009 meeting had taken place or that there was an oral contract in May
2009 — obviously nothing in April could have recorded a future event as
history — it appears from the evidence and submissions that what the learned
judge meant was that the 30 April 2009 email gave no indication that there
would be a meeting in May or that a contract was under consideration.

8 One of the plaintiff’s witnesses, Rosmania, was unable to say that the email
sent to her had been shown to the Management Board. Rosmania was an employee
of the Mosque and was the person in contact with the plaintiff over the use of
the Mosque for the plaintiff to carry out its wedding services. So far as the
main issue of whether the meeting of May 2009 had taken place is concerned,
the trial judge held that the plaintiff failed to prove that there was such a
meeting as alleged. The evidence of this meeting was entirely based on the
oral testimony of the witnesses. As oral testimonies go, in spite of
discrepancies, none of them supported the claim as the plaintiff maintained
save for the evidence of Gani, but his was an entirely self-serving one.

9 For the reasons set out in this judgment, I am of the view that the learned
trial judge was right to find that the meeting of May 2009 did not take place.
This meeting was crucial to the plaintiff’s case. The direct evidence,
entirely oral, concerning that meeting ended with only the assertion of Gani,
the principal plaintiff’s witness, who has nothing else to back his claim,
being opposed by witnesses from the defendant who denied that there was such a
meeting.

10 The credibility of the witnesses was assessed by the trial judge who found
the defendant witnesses, with no personal monetary gains at stake, more
reliable. The evidence of all the witnesses was wide-ranging, and in such
cases, the balancing of inconsistencies, omissions, and forthright answers is
not one that is best evaluated from only the minutes of proceedings. In this
case, I find that nothing in the notes of evidence indicates that the trial
judge had erred in his assessment of the witnesses’ credibility.

11 It is likely that some agreement had been made that allowed the plaintiff
to carry on its services in the mosque, but that does not justify an inference
that there was a May 2009 oral contract. The evidence indicates that there was
communication between the plaintiff’s staff and the Management Board’s staff
but it seems more like the former requesting, and the latter granting the
plaintiff merely a permission or licence to operate its wedding services at
the Mosque. It fell short of a commercial contract.

12 The defendant’s case was indeed that the Management Board allowed the
Mosque to be used for wedding ceremonies as gesture of goodwill to worshippers
who requested for it. The Management Board allowed the plaintiff to carry on
its business there, and its services were paid directly by the customers to
the plaintiff. The judge accepted the evidence that there was no agreement
that the plaintiff be given exclusive use of the premises, nor any promise
that it would be given exclusive referrals by the Management Board. The
plaintiff was itself not clear of this term. Initially it claimed that the
oral contract gave it “exclusive use” but abandoned it at trial and claimed
that the defendant agreed to give the plaintiff “exclusive referral”. The
trial judge was right to dismiss this term for lack of clarity, consistency
and proof.

13 Even in November 2015 when the parties attempted to establish some
formality regarding the use of the Mosque for the plaintiff’s services, and
discussions resulted in what the parties called “the 2015 Agreement”, no
mention was made of any prior agreement, let alone the May 2009 agreement.
Finally, even assuming that there was a contract, there is absolutely no
evidence of any breach of the alleged oral contract and no evidence assisting
the trial judge to contemplate a quantification of damages. No evidence was
sufficiently adduced other than the uncorroborated claim that the dais and
various articles had been damaged.

14 For the reasons above, I am satisfied that the trial judge had rightly
dismissed the plaintiff’s claim. This appeal is therefore dismissed with costs
to the respondent to be taxed if not agreed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Mohammad Shafiq Bin Haja Maideen and Raheja Bte Jamaludin (Abdul Rahman Law
Corporation) for the appellant;  
Mirza Namazie and Ong Ai Wern (Mallal & Namazie) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

