Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singaporE

[2020] SGHC 96

Suit No 1177 of 2018

Between

| See Eng Siong Ronnie  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Sassax Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Cheang Tsu-fei  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies] — [Oppression] — [Minority shareholders]

[Companies] — [Winding up]

[Contract] — [Formation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
See Eng Siong Ronnie

  
v

  

Sassax Pte Ltd and another

[2020] SGHC 96

High Court — Suit No 1177 of 2018  
Kannan Ramesh J  
4–6, 10 March, 30 April 2020

12 May 2020 Judgment reserved.

Kannan Ramesh J:

Introduction

1 This suit arises from a dispute between the plaintiff, Ronnie See Eng Siong
(“See”), and the second defendant, Cheang Tsu-fei (“Cheang”), as shareholders
of the first defendant, Sassax Pte Ltd (“Sassax”), a Singapore incorporated
company. Cheang and See hold the entire shareholding in Sassax in a ratio of
60:40 respectively. Cheang is also a director of Sassax. See was a director
until 8 August 2018. Due to an unfortunate and acrimonious breakdown in their
working and personal relationships, See brings this suit against Sassax, as a
nominal defendant, and Cheang. See claims that: (1) Cheang breached an alleged
oral investment agreement (“the oral investment agreement”) between them; (2)
he was a victim of Cheang’s mismanagement of Sassax, which constituted
oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies
Act”); and (3) it is just and equitable for Sassax to be wound up under s
254(1)(i) of the Companies Act. He primarily seeks, as relief, damages for
Cheang’s alleged breach of the oral investment agreement, and the winding up
of Sassax (either on the basis of oppression or on just and equitable
grounds), or alternatively the purchase of his shares in Sassax by Cheang.
While See initially also commenced a derivative action against Cheang under s
216A of the Companies Act, claiming that Cheang was in breach of trust vis-à-
vis Sassax, this was eventually not pursued at trial.

2 There are three issues that require determination. They are:

(a) Whether the oral investment agreement between See and Cheang exists, and
if so, whether it was breached (“the oral investment agreement issue”).

(b) Whether See’s allegations of oppression have been made out (“the
oppression issue”).

(c) Whether the just and equitable ground under s 254(1)(i) of the Companies
Act has been made out and, if so, whether Sassax ought to be wound up (“the
just and equitable winding up issue”).

I will address the issues in the aforementioned order. To the extent that
several narrower lines of inquiry have been identified by the parties, these
may be subsumed under the three main issues listed above.

3 Having considered the evidence and the parties’ submissions, I find that (1)
there was no oral investment agreement as alleged; (2) the allegations of
oppression have not been made out; and (3) Sassax ought not to be wound up on
just and equitable grounds. Accordingly, I dismiss this suit with costs to
Cheang. In this judgment, I canvass the reasons for my decision.

The facts

The parties and the background facts

4 Cheang incorporated Sassax on 3 July 2015. Sassax is in the business of
physical commodities trading with specific emphasis on the trading of
biodiesel, methyl esters and soap noodles. It has an issued share capital of
US$500,000, to which Cheang and See made equal contributions. However, as
noted earlier, the shares in Sassax are held in a 60:40 ratio by Cheang and
See respectively. Both See and Cheang were directors of Sassax, up until 8
August 2018 when See was removed during Sassax’s annual general meeting
(“AGM”).

5 When See and Cheang agreed to work together, Cheang, on See’s behest,
employed one Phoa Mei Mei (“Mei Mei”) as Sassax’s operations manager. Mei Mei
was in charge of Sassax’s shipping and cargo documentation, accounts and
finances, and ensuring that Sassax had the requisite certification to conduct
its trade. She had a “long working relationship” with See, having worked with
him for eight years and 11 years separately in two different companies. In
fact, while she was employed by and receiving salary from Sassax, she
continued to work in two other companies which were both owned by See. These
companies were namely Litrocom Global Trading Sdn Bhd (“Litrocom”) and Edo
Chemical Sdn Bhd (“Edo”). Both companies were incorporated in Malaysia.

6 It is common ground that the parties came together as shareholders to grow
the business of Sassax. The parties had distinct roles in Sassax; See was
primarily to source for raw materials for biodiesel production, such as
cooking oil and waste palm oil, whereas Cheang was to be in charge of the day-
to-day sales, management and operation of the business. It appears that
business was initially smooth. Between 28 October 2015 and 29 July 2016, See
sourced for 3,055.09mt of used cooking oil for Sassax to trade (though it
should be noted that this was only a fraction of Sassax’s total business – see
[26] below). In the same period, Cheang managed to close sizeable deals with
foreign clients.

7 On 24 July 2017, Sassax entered into a loan facility agreement with
TransAsia Private Capital Limited (“TAPCL”); this loan facility (“the TAPCL
Facility”) was for US$3m and was jointly and severally guaranteed by See and
Cheang in their personal capacities. Cheang was given the sole mandate to
operate the TAPCL Facility. The parties disagree over whether the TAPCL
Facility was renewed on or about 8 August 2018 and whether Cheang had
wrongfully applied See’s signature to the personal guarantee that was to
support the renewed facility. Sassax used the TAPCL Facility to make payments
to its suppliers. All drawdowns on the TAPCL Facility were authorised by
Cheang as the sole account signatory. It is common ground that drawdowns on
the TAPCL Facility have to be supported by invoices from Sassax’s supplier and
purchaser, and the proceeds thereof were channelled through Cantrust (Far
East) Limited (“Cantrust”). Cantrust is a company used by TAPCL to ensure that
the relevant proceeds of drawdowns are made to the proper parties, ie, TAPCL
uses Cantrust to make payments directly to the relevant suppliers. This is
pertinent to See’s allegations against Cheang concerning one of the
transactions that See seeks to impugn (see [15] below).

8 Additionally, in August 2017, Sassax had brought a suit in the Taiwan courts
against a forwarder of its goods, and obtained judgment for the sum of
US$525,000 (the “Taiwan judgment sum”). An appeal was then brought against the
said judgment; however, Sassax did not prevail in this appeal. The parties
disagree as to whether the Taiwan judgment sum was recovered by Sassax and
what has become of it. This forms part of See’s claims against Cheang.

The breakdown in the parties’ relationship

9 The parties’ relationship soured over time. Cheang became increasingly
disgruntled with what she perceived as See’s lack of contribution towards
Sassax. Cheang was of the opinion that See had been spending more time on his
other businesses (see [27] below), neglecting Sassax in the process. She held
a similar view of Mei Mei, her discontent fuelled by the fact that Mei Mei at
that point was still an employee of and receiving salary from Sassax. Both
Cheang and See agree that the significant damage that Sassax’s cargo on board
the vessel Maersk Honam suffered as a result of fire on 8 March 2018 (“the
Maersk Honam fire”) marked a turn for the worse in their relationship. See
asserts in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the Maersk Honam fire and
the parties’ fallout thereafter was “the final nail in the coffin” for the
parties’ relationship; Cheang described it as the “straw that broke the
camel’s back”. Cheang was unhappy that Mei Mei had insured Sassax’s cargo with
a policy that lacked a “seller’s interest” clause, which effectively meant
that the cargo was not covered for the loss caused by the fire. When Cheang
discovered this, she desperately attempted to remedy the situation by reaching
out to her contacts in the insurance industry; See accused her of being
careless in these attempts, and asserted that she had compromised Sassax’s
interests as a result. This naturally did not go down well with Cheang who saw
Mei Mei’s failure to adequately insure the cargo as the real issue.

10 The increasing strain in the relationship between See and Cheang is evident
from a series of WhatsApp messages exchanged between them on 13 March 2018
where harsh words were used. It was in these WhatsApp messages that See first
proposed the winding up of Sassax.

11 The relationship reached a tipping point on or about 20 April 2018 when
Cheang terminated Mei Mei’s employment because of inter alia her belief that
Mei Mei was at fault in failing to sufficiently insure the cargo. Cheang did
not consult See. This deepened the rift between the parties. The multiple
acrimonious events which occurred subsequently, and which led to the eventual
commencement of this suit, will be stated briefly here; I will address them in
greater detail at various parts of this judgment when describing their
relevance to See’s claims.

12 Acumen Bizcorp Pte Ltd (“Acumen”) had been engaged by Cheang on behalf of
Sassax to oversee the preparation and management of its accounting and other
financial records. Upon See’s request to view certain portions of Sassax’s
financial records, on or about 25 April 2018, one Yeap Wen Haur (“Yeap”), an
accountant in Acumen, had them sent to him. See discovered several
transactions that he regarded as suspicious. The transactions identified by
See related firstly to QHFOXX Limited (“Limited”), a company registered in the
British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) on 21 July 2017. Cheang was the sole director
and shareholder of Limited from 21 July 2017 to 28 July 2017. Upon her
resignation as director, she transferred her shares to one Milton Leong Eng
Hai (“Leong”), who then became the sole director and shareholder of Limited.

13 See discovered that money had been transferred to Limited from Sassax’s
bank accounts – there were five alleged transactions, the details of which
will be discussed later in this judgment (see [50] below). Cheang alleges that
these payments were made to discharge debts owed by Sassax to Jaykem Sdn Bhd
(“Jaykem”) for goods sold; these debts had been allegedly assigned by Jaykem
to Limited.

14 Upon discovering these payments, See carried out a search on Limited with
the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) thinking that it
was a Singapore incorporated company. Inevitably, the search on Limited drew a
blank as it was a BVI registered company. However, the search revealed another
company by the name of QHFOXX Pte Ltd (“Pte”); Cheang was listed as the sole
director and shareholder. Pte was incorporated on 22 March 2018.

15 See also discovered several invoices relating to three entities: Biocom
Energia SL (“Biocom”), Van Wijk & Olthius BV (“Van Wijk”) and Hung Da Green
Energy Co Ltd (“Hung Da”). Biocom and Van Wijk are purchasers of Sassax’s
goods and Hung Da is one of its suppliers. These invoices were as follows:

(a) an invoice dated 25 May 2018 issued by Sassax to Biocom bearing invoice
number 2018/0018 for the sum of US$311,000.00 (“the Biocom invoice”);

(b) an invoice dated 25 May 2018 issued by Sassax to Van Wijk bearing invoice
number 2018/0018 for the sum of US$52,042.74 (“the Van Wijk invoice”); and

(c) an invoice dated 23 May 2018 issued by Hung Da to Sassax bearing invoice
number 180523PISSX for the sum of US$295,000.00 (“the Hung Da invoice”).

16 In the same period, on 24 May 2018, there was a drawdown on the TAPCL
Facility for the sum of US$51,554.24. The drawn down sum was paid to Hung Da
(“the Hung Da drawdown”) by Cantrust. See found it suspicious that the Biocom
invoice and the Van Wijk invoice bore the same invoice number, and that the
dates of the three invoices and the Hung Da drawdown were proximate in time.

17 On 8 August 2018, during Sassax’s AGM, Cheang voted against re-electing See
as a director of Sassax and he was thus removed as a director. See was absent
at this AGM. While there is disagreement over the circumstances preceding the
AGM and whether they rendered the situation unfair for See, there is no
allegation that the meeting was improperly conducted or in contravention of
Sassax’s Articles of Association.

18 At all material times, See had access to Sassax’s Dropbox folder. He
continued to have access even after he was removed as a director of Sassax.
The Dropbox folder is a virtual folder created by Acumen and hosted on an
online cloud storage software, in which Sassax’s financial documents such as
its invoices were stored. See discovered in the Dropbox folder an invoice
dated 17 September 2018 issued by Jiangsu Ying Hui Energy Technology Co Ltd
(“Jiangsu”) to Pte (“the Jiangsu invoice”). This invoice was for the purchase
of used cooking oil by Pte from Jiangsu, and the invoice amount was for
US$256,692.40. The figures in the Jiangsu invoice, such as the amount of
cooking oil purchased, bore close resemblance to the figures in a separate
invoice issued by Sassax to Mavaser SL (“Mavaser”) dated 17 September 2018 for
US$257,520.44 (“the Mavaser invoice”). See alleges that the sum of US$265,000
was drawn down from the TAPCL Facility and paid to Jiangsu to discharge Pte’s
debt to Jiangsu under the Jiangsu invoice.

The parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

19 As mentioned (see [1] above), See’s three primary claims are that: (1)
Cheang breached the oral investment agreement; (2) he was oppressed as a
shareholder of Sassax; and (3) it is just and equitable for Sassax to be wound
up.

20 See has gone to some lengths in characterising the business relationship
between the parties. He asserts that prior to the incorporation of Sassax, it
was Cheang who proposed working together. Cheang purportedly went to See’s
residence to seek his input and assistance on the business. Cheang purportedly
told him that given their “long-term friendship and… cooperation on small
projects, it would be best to incorporate [their] own business and operate as
partners”. See agreed to Cheang’s proposal, and Sassax was then incorporated.

21 See argues that Sassax’s incorporation was on the basis of the oral
investment agreement which he asserts he and Cheang had entered into. He also
claims that the oral investment agreement contains several terms. I reproduce
the relevant ones here:

…

7.2 That each party shall disclose the nature and extent of his material
interest in any transaction or arrangement with the 1st Defendant or in any
body corporate in which the 1st Defendant is otherwise interested.

7.3 That each party shall act in good faith and in the 1st Defendant’s best
interests.

7.4 That each party shall manage, conduct and administer the affairs of the
1st Defendant honestly, diligently and fairly in the interests of both
shareholders.

…

7.6 That each party was to have an equal say in employee rights and the
handling of staff in general.

22 See claims that Cheang, through various acts and transactions in 2017 and
2018, breached the terms of the oral investment agreement. Notably, See relies
on these same acts and transactions for his case on oppression and winding up
on just and equitable grounds. These are as follows:

(a) the incorporation of Pte;

(b) the payment of monies by Sassax to Limited;

(c) the diversion of monies drawn down on the TAPCL Facility to Limited in
relation to the transactions involving Biocom, Van Wijk and Hung Da;

(d) the renewal of the TAPCL Facility without See’s approval and the forging
of See’s signature on the personal guarantee that was required to support the
renewed facility;

(e) wrongfully drawing down on the purportedly renewed TAPCL Facility to make
payment for the purchase of used cooking oil by Pte from Jiangsu;

(f) Cheang’s wrongful retention of the Taiwan judgment sum; and

(g) the termination of Mei Mei’s employment (these seven events are
collectively referred to as “the transactions in question”).

23 For the oppression claim under s 216 of the Companies Act, See argues that
he and Cheang were in a quasi-partnership, and that Cheang was in “material
breach… of a fundamental legitimate expectation that his financial investment
in the 1st Defendant would not be mismanaged”. In essence, this is an
archetypal oppression claim brought by a minority shareholder on the basis
that a director or majority shareholder of a company has been liable for
mismanagement of the company. Specifically, See argues that the transactions
in question, which constitute breaches of the oral investment agreement (see
[22] above), also constitute acts of oppression. As relief for this claim, See
seeks the winding up of Sassax. Alternatively, See seeks an order for Cheang
to purchase his shares in Sassax.

24 See also seeks the winding up of Sassax on just and equitable grounds under
s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act. His argument is predicated on Sassax being a
quasi-partnership between him and Cheang that was run on the basis of mutual
trust and confidence. This mutual trust and confidence broke down as a result
of Cheang’s oppressive acts, as mentioned above, as well as other events
demonstrating a “fundamental change” in their relationship. These other events
include his ouster as director of Sassax, and Cheang refusing him access to
financial documents that would have shown that Sassax was being properly run.
As a result of these events, Cheang “would [have] essentially become the
directing will and mind of the company behind future wrongdoings”, and See
would hence “continue to suffer prejudice in being locked in a business
relationship that ha[s] [been] completely eroded”. See accordingly argues that
the business relationship has “irretrievably broken down”, and this merits
winding up on just and equitable grounds.

The defendants’ case

25 Cheang disagrees with See’s characterisation of events. Cheang claims that
Sassax began as her personal project, and she initially had no intention of
entering into business with See. Before she incorporated Sassax, Cheang had
sent See a WhatsApp message on 27 May 2015 informing him of her intention to
start a business. She did so as they were friends. However, See did not reply.
Subsequently, on or about 6 October 2015, See contacted Cheang indicating an
interest in working together. Thereafter, See and Cheang agreed to enter into
business together, with See taking an equity interest in Sassax.

26 Cheang claims that despite See’s initial enthusiasm, he had barely
contributed to Sassax’s business. Between 28 October 2015 and 29 July 2016,
See only managed to source for 3,055.09mt of used cooking oil. He did not
procure any more raw materials for Sassax after that. The used cooking oil
that he had procured constituted a mere 4.37% of the total amount of goods
purchased by Sassax from 2015 to 2018. Apart from this, See did not contribute
any further to Sassax’s business.

27 Cheang also claims that instead of focussing on Sassax, See devoted almost
all of his time to his other businesses, which included:

(a) Litrocom (wherein See was a director and shareholder at all material
times), which traded in used cooking oil, soap noodles, biodiesel, animal fat
and tallow;

(b) Edo (wherein See was a director and shareholder at all material times),
which manufactured and stored soap noodles;

(c) An unidentified drinks business in China; and

(d) An unidentified business in payment systems.

28 Further, Cheang argues that Mei Mei, who was employed full time by and
received salary from Sassax, had similarly undertaken work for Litrocom and/or
Edo at the expense of her work at Sassax. Sassax’s funds were also used to
cover Mei Mei’s expenses for trips made for these businesses.

29 Cheang also argues that See had in fact placed Litrocom’s and Edo’s
interests ahead of Sassax’s in several transactions. She claims See conducted
secret deals to the detriment of Sassax: See had reneged on their plan to
allow Sassax to buy a consignment of palm fatty acid distillate (“PFAD”) from
a client and on-sell it to Edo. Instead, See went ahead to directly procure
the PFAD for Edo without going through Sassax, and as a result caused Sassax
to suffer a loss of profit. She also claims that See had placed Litrocom and
Edo “in-between” Sassax and its suppliers. This allowed Litrocom and Edo to
profit by marking up the price at which Sassax purchased the goods, thereby
reducing Sassax’s profits.

30 Cheang contends that there is no documentary evidence supporting the
existence of the oral investment agreement, with See’s entire case in this
regard built on his bare allegations.

31 In the alternative, even if the court finds that the oral investment
agreement exists, Cheang denies all of See’s claims. See is put to strict
proof on all his assertions, and Cheang’s arguments on this issue largely
mirror her arguments on oppression (see [32] below), ie, that the transactions
in question are neither breaches of the oral investment agreement nor
oppressive acts.

32 On the oppression issue, Cheang first argues that she is not precluded from
owning and managing another company in the same business as Sassax, ie, Pte.
Cheang points out that See likewise owns entities in the same business,
namely, Litrocom and Edo. Second, Cheang denies the three allegations on
diversion (pertaining to the fund transfers from Sassax to Limited, the Hung
Da drawdown, and the alleged diversion of sums drawn down on the TAPCL
Facility to Pte in relation to the Jiangsu invoice respectively). She also
asserts that Sassax did not renew the TAPCL Facility after it expired on 31
July 2018. Accordingly, Cheang denies that Sassax had drawn down on the TAPCL
Facility to make payment to Jiangsu (which See alleges took place in September
2018). As regards the allegation of forgery, Cheang’s position is that while
she had affixed See’s electronic signature to the personal guarantee which had
been prepared, the personal guarantee was never executed. On the Taiwan
judgment sum, she argues that no such judgment sum has been paid to Sassax,
because Sassax lost the appeal to the High Court of Taiwan – thus, Cheang
could not have misappropriated the sum. Further, on Mei Mei’s termination,
Cheang argues that Mei Mei had a less-than-satisfactory work ethic and poor
work performance. Her dismissal was premised on these considerations and done
in accordance with her employment contract, which stipulated a three-month
notice period for termination or payment of three months’ salary in lieu of
notice.

33 On the just and equitable winding up issue, I note that in the Defence,
Cheang did not specifically plead any facts to directly address See’s
allegation on the loss of mutual trust and confidence, having interpreted
See’s allegation as one of management deadlock and loss of substratum. The
focus in Cheang’s closing submissions was similarly on management deadlock and
loss of substratum. Regardless, Cheang did deny the aspects of See’s Statement
of Claim that pertain to this issue, and has pleaded sufficient particulars to
make out her case in this regard. Specifically, these are the facts canvassed
above at [25]–[29], which have been pleaded in the Defence and relate to the
events which led to the breakdown in the parties’ relationship. As for See’s
allegation that he was denied access to Sassax’s financial documents, Cheang
denies this and asserts that See had ample opportunity to review Sassax’s
accounts.

The oral investment agreement issue

34 I shall first address the oral investment agreement issue, ie, See’s claim
that Cheang had breached the oral investment agreement between them. The
threshold question is of course whether there is such an agreement in the
first place. I am not persuaded that there is one.

35 I do not accept that any agreement as alleged was formed between See and
Cheang. I find that the elements for the formation of a contract are not made
out on the evidence. In particular, I do not see a valid offer and unequivocal
acceptance, and an intention to form legal relations.

36 It is significant that See is unable to refer to a single piece of
documentary evidence that supports the conclusion that a contract was
concluded between the parties. It is telling that there was no correspondence
in the second half of 2018 (when the parties’ relationship had crossed the
inflection point and was rapidly deteriorating) that made any reference to
such a contract – See never once in his emails or WhatsApp conversations with
Cheang asserted that Cheang had breached the oral investment agreement. The
first occasion such an agreement was asserted and its terms spelt out was in
the Statement of Claim. It should be noted that Cheang was not cross-examined
on the existence of the oral investment agreement, and See’s case in this
respect was not put to her.

37 See relies on the Court of Appeal’s statement in Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests
Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 (at [83]). He asserts that companies
that are managed on the basis of mutual trust and confidence tend to operate
without documentation:

… Ironically, often these understandings are not documented, let alone spelt
out in legal terms, as it might be perceived that the very documentation of
the understanding might betray a lack of trust. This might seem naïve but
unfortunately this behaviour is not infrequent, even today, in commercial
dealings; relationships thin in words but thick in trust underpinned by the
implicit belief that each will do right by the other without the need to spell
out in embarrassing detail what is expected or needed. …

38 The excerpt above does not aid See. The Court of Appeal was observing that
business relationships might be thin on words and thick on trust, ie, that
parties might not formalise their relationship or understanding in a concluded
agreement. But that is not the position here. See’s position is not that the
understanding between the parties was never reduced to an agreement. To the
contrary, his position is that the parties negotiated and concluded a contract
– the oral investment agreement – containing specific terms. What they had
failed to do was to reduce it into writing. Thus, the analysis remains as to
whether there is any documentary evidence that supports the existence of the
oral investment agreement. If an agreement had been in fact been concluded,
one would expect to see some reference to its existence in the documentary
material particularly after the parties’ relationship deteriorated and the
exchanges between them became vitriolic. However, there is nothing in this
regard. All we have is See’s bare assertion.

39 It is also telling that the terms of the oral investment agreement asserted
in the Statement of Claim and in See’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief are not
the same. In the latter, he alleges an additional term – that “[n]either
person would be unilaterally ousted by the other”. This only speaks to the
fact that there was no oral investment agreement as alleged.

40 As there is no oral investment agreement, the question of breach does not
arise.

The oppression issue

41 The defendants have not contested See’s standing to bring a minority
oppression claim. This is correct as See is a 40% minority shareholder in
Sassax. Further, while he had been a director of Sassax with managerial
powers, he arguably “lack[ed] the power to stop the allegedly oppressive acts”
(see Ascend Field Pte Ltd and others v Tee Wee Sien and another appeal [2020]
SGCA 14 (“Ascend Field”) at [32]). This is because the transactions in
question had been performed without See’s knowledge and prior approval. That
being the case, it is difficult to see how See could have stopped them or
availed himself of any self-help remedies that would have obviated the need
for an oppression claim.

Applicable principles on oppression of minority shareholders

42 The principles relating to oppression of minority shareholders are
uncontroversial and have recently been comprehensively restated by the Court
of Appeal in Ascend Field at [28]–[29]:

28 … s 216 encapsulates four limbs: (a) oppression; (b) disregard of a
shareholder’s interests; (c) unfair discrimination; and (d) prejudice. The
common element supporting these four limbs is commercial unfairness, which is
found where there has been “a visible departure from the standards of fair
dealing … which a shareholder is entitled to expect”: Over & Over Ltd v
Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 (“Over & Over”) at [77].

29 In assessing commercial unfairness, the court should bear in mind that the
essence of a claim for relief under s 216 lies in upholding the commercial
agreement between the shareholders of the company, irrespective of whether the
agreement is found in the formal constitutional documents of the company, in
less formal shareholders’ agreements or, in the case of quasi-partnerships, in
the legitimate expectations of the shareholders…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

43 It would be useful to restate the business arrangement between the parties
and what each would have been legitimately “entitled to expect”. It is only
against this backdrop that one will be able to assess whether Cheang’s alleged
conduct was commercially unfair.

Whether there was oppression

44 I note that See has constantly characterised his business relationship with
Cheang as a quasi-partnership. This is a fair argument. The correspondence
between Cheang and See, in particular their WhatsApp conversations, revealed
the nature of their dealings before the commencement and during the course of
the business. They had been childhood friends and operated on a rather
informal basis. Business was regularly discussed over messaging applications
rather than through formal email exchanges. The parties also did not
extensively lay down the rules governing their business relationship in any
legal document such as a shareholders agreement. This follows from my
conclusion that there was no oral investment agreement. Only the standard form
Memorandum and Articles of Association found in Table A of the Fourth Schedule
of the Companies Act was used to incorporate Sassax. These point towards there
being a relationship of mutual trust and confidence between Cheang and See.

45 As mentioned (see [6] above), See’s role was to source for raw materials
for biodiesel production. On the other hand, Cheang was in charge of the day-
to-day sales, management and operation of Sassax’s business. While there
exists disagreement over the true extent of obligations that See and Cheang
owed to each other, the aforementioned division of labour is undisputed by
both sides. Given my earlier rejection of the existence of the oral investment
agreement, it is clear that the parties’ legitimate expectations were for each
other to, at the very least, diligently undertake their respective duties in
relation to the agreed roles. Accordingly, the question before me is whether
Cheang was guilty of mismanagement of Sassax such that the transactions in
question (see [22] above), individually and collectively, were oppressive. I
will address each of the transactions in question in turn.

46 In my analysis, I will not be addressing the issue of Cheang’s alleged
misappropriation of the Taiwan judgment sum. Cheang clarified in her pleadings
and affidavit of evidence-in-chief that Sassax had not received payment of the
Taiwan judgment sum as it had lost the appeal that was brought against the
judgment. See has not disputed or pursued this at trial.

The incorporation of Pte

47 See argues that Cheang’s undisclosed incorporation of Pte was itself an
oppressive act. Absent any evidence that there has been diversion of Sassax’s
corporate opportunities to Pte, I struggle to see how the mere incorporation
of Pte can be an act of oppression. See’s case in this regard is not that
Cheang had diverted business opportunities to Pte (that is the substance of
his allegations vis-à-vis the Jiangsu invoice, which is a separate and
independent argument that will be addressed at [63] below). The allegation is
thus a non-starter. In any event, it is notable that See himself has been
running the businesses of Litrocom and Edo, which are in the same business as
Sassax. In fact, if Cheang’s evidence that See had placed Edo’s and Litrocom’s
interests ahead of Sassax (see [29] above) was true, that would only
underscore the hollowness of See’s allegation. I note that Cheang’s evidence
in this regard was not challenged during cross-examination. This being the
case, it seems strange that See would object to the incorporation of Pte. I
therefore see nothing per se objectionable about Cheang incorporating Pte.

48 See’s position changed slightly at trial – he stated that it was not the
incorporation of Pte per se, but Cheang’s failure to disclose the
incorporation that was the basis of his complaint. This is an even more
contrived position. If the incorporation of Pte is itself not an act of
oppression, I struggle even more to understand why there would be an
obligation to disclose that fact or for that matter how the failure to do so
might be regarded as oppressive. Cheang did not cause any actual prejudice or
commercial unfairness to See by way of her non-disclosure. I accordingly do
not consider her failure to disclose the incorporation of Pte as oppressive.

Payments made to Limited

49 See alleges that Cheang had wrongfully diverted payments to Limited. The
evidence does not bear this out.

50 Following the deterioration of the parties’ relationship, between 21 and 25
April 2018, Yeap, at See’s request, had sent him inter alia Sassax’s balance
sheet, profit and loss statements and general ledger as at 28 February 2018.
From Sassax’s general ledger, See identified five entries which he claims were
five separate transactions where monies had been wrongfully transferred from
Sassax’s various bank accounts to Limited. These entries were dated between 5
December 2017 and 13 February 2018. They are listed in the table below, and
some of the currencies are deliberately left unindicated for reasons that will
be made clear shortly (see [53] below):

Sassax’s Bank Account Number| Date| Amount  
---|---|---  
DBS Current SGD Account No: 033-931287-3| 20 December 2017| $66,304.34  
2 February 2018| $68,054.72  
2 February 2018| $1,750.38  
Total:| $136,109.44  
DBS Current USD Account No: 0003-02455-01-1-022| 5 December 2017| US$39,913.38  
13 February 2018| US$3,133.62  
Total:| US$43,047.00  
  
51 Cheang does not dispute these entries. She explained first that two of
these entries were not payments to Limited:

(a) The entry for an amount of $66,304.34 on 20 December 2017 was not a
payment. It was an entry that simply indicated the value on the date of issue
of an invoice from Jaykem to Sassax. This particular invoice was issued on 20
December 2017 and was numbered C0002 (“invoice C0002”).

(b) The entry for an amount of $1,750.38 on 2 February 2018 was the difference
between the 20 December 2017 entry for $66,304.34 and the 2 February 2018
entry for $68,054.72 (the latter two entries are collectively referred to as
“the duplicate entries”). While the former was the value of the invoice on the
date of issue, the latter was the value of the invoice on the date of payment
– the difference was due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

52 As for the remaining three entries, Cheang accepts that these were payments
to Limited. However, she explains that they were payments for debts due from
Sassax to Jaykem which Jaykem had assigned to Limited. The debts were
represented by three invoices issued by Jaykem to Sassax, namely: (1) an
invoice dated 8 November 2017 and numbered C0001; (2) invoice C0002 (see
[51(a)] above); and (3) an invoice dated 11 February 2018 and numbered C0003
(collectively, the “Jaykem invoices”). Cheang justified this arrangement on
the basis that Jaykem, unlike Limited, did not have a Singapore bank account
into which the relevant payments could be made. Thus, the assignment of the
debts to Limited enabled payments to be made by Sassax to a Singapore bank
account.

53 Cheang was cross-examined on the five entries in Sassax’s general ledger,
and how the duplicate entries, on their face, did not correspond with invoice
C0002. Her response was as follows: (1) despite being an entry tagged to a
Singapore dollar account, the 20 December 2017 entry for $66,304.34 was
actually an entry in United States dollars, and it corresponded with the price
on invoice C0002, which was S$89,245.65; and (2) she reiterated her position
in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief that not all the entries were payments
(see [51] above).

54 I accept Cheang’s explanation. Cheang’s testimony is corroborated by Leong,
who as mentioned earlier, is the sole director and shareholder of Limited (see
[12] above). Leong affirmed that Sassax’s debts to Jaykem had indeed been
assigned to Limited. Crucially, this position is further buttressed by the
Jaykem invoices, which expressly indicate that they have been assigned to
Limited. See did not challenge the authenticity of the Jaykem invoices in
cross-examination.

55 While See suggested at trial that Cheang had a beneficial interest in
Limited, there is no evidence of that. On the contrary, Leong adduced evidence
of the payment he had made for the incorporation of Limited. Further, while
Cheang had been the one who incorporated Limited (before transferring
shareholding to Leong), she testified that she was just doing Leong a favour
due to the difficulties he would have faced in attempting to incorporate a BVI
company in Malaysia. Leong provided an identical explanation. See did not
challenge their explanations. I therefore conclude that Limited is in fact
beneficially owned by Leong. As such, the assignment of the Jaykem invoices to
Limited to enable payment to be made was explicable: payment was simply being
channelled to another company (ie, Limited) beneficially owned by Leong
because that company had a Singapore bank account.

56 I make one further point: given my finding that Cheang does not hold any
beneficial interest in Limited, it makes little sense for her to divert
Sassax’s funds there. Sassax, by Cheang’s own case, is her “main source of
personal income”. Cheang lives off her earnings from Sassax. There is no good
reason why Cheang would undermine Sassax’s financial position.

57 Based on the above, this allegation of oppression has not been made out.

Transactions with Biocom, Van Wijk and Hung Da

58 See also alleges that funds drawn down on the TAPCL Facility have been
diverted to Limited. As mentioned, See found it suspicious that the Van Wijk
invoice and the Biocom invoice had the same invoice number (see [15] above).
He alleges that the Biocom invoice was never sent to Biocom, but was “rather
used to support a corresponding invoice from Hung Da”. In essence, See’s claim
is that the Biocom invoice was fabricated and used to enable the drawdown on
the TAPCL Facility in order for payment to be made to Hung Da. The Biocom
invoice was necessary as the TAPCL Facility required both a supplier invoice
and a purchaser invoice as a precondition to drawdown. See claims that the
funds drawn down on the TAPCL Facility were then diverted to Limited. He
justifies this on the basis that the multiple invoices related to this
transaction were found in a Dropbox folder owned by Sassax named “actual all
QF”, which meant “actually all QHFOXX Limited”.

59 Three aspects of the evidence present significant problems for See’s
argument. First, for the argument to succeed, See must preliminarily establish
that Limited was beneficially owned by Cheang. I have already concluded that
this is not the case.

60 Second, See accepted at trial that whenever there is a drawdown on the
TAPCL Facility, TAPCL, through Cantrust, pays Sassax’s vendors directly. The
money never passes through Sassax’s hands. That being the case, it would have
been impossible for Cheang to divert the drawn down funds to Limited unless
the vendor, in this case Hung Da, to whom the drawn down funds were paid, was
complicit. See accepted on the stand that he was not alleging this.

61 Third, and in any event, there is absolutely no evidence of Hung Da’s
complicity. If the Hung Da drawdown was fraudulent and an act of diversion by
Cheang, Hung Da must have been part of a conspiracy to divert the payment to
Limited. The drawn down funds were paid directly into Hung Da’s account by
Cantrust. Absent any evidence of Hung Da’s complicity in the purported
diversion, I am unable to accept See’s argument. It is also for this reason
that I do not consider as relevant See’s allegation that the circumstances
surrounding the transactions are suspicious primarily on the basis that the
invoices issued to Biocom and Van Wijk bore the same number. The allegation
does not take See anywhere given that Hung Da’s complicity and Cheang’s
beneficial ownership of Limited are necessary elements for there to be
diversion of funds.

62 Finally, I do not discount the possibility that Limited might have sold the
goods in question to Hung Da which had in turn sold them on to Sassax. But
that is not the case that See makes. In any event, this argument will also
flounder given that Leong and not Cheang beneficially owns Limited.

Purported renewal of the TAPCL Facility and the Jiangsu invoice

63 On this issue, See’s argument is twofold and cumulative – that the TAPCL
Facility had been renewed, and that Cheang had drawn down on the renewed TAPCL
Facility in order to divert payment to Pte. Therefore, if the TAPCL Facility
was not in fact renewed, the entire allegation will fail in limine.

64 There is no evidence that the TAPCL Facility had in fact been renewed.
Cheang’s evidence in this regard has not been challenged. In her affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, Cheang points to an email dated 29 January 2019 which shows
that while the documents for the renewal of the TAPCL Facility had been
prepared, they were never sent to TAPCL. This was not challenged by See at
trial. See in fact accepted during cross-examination that the TAPCL Facility
had not been renewed.

65 Given that the TAPCL Facility was not renewed, and therefore expired on 31
July 2018, the allegation concerning the Jiangsu invoice must fail. The
invoice is dated 17 September 2018 which is after the termination of the TAPCL
Facility. That being the case, there could have been no drawdown on the TAPCL
Facility. It follows that no funds could have been diverted to Pte.

66 In any case, I note that See has not pointed to any corresponding purchaser
invoice for this transaction. As noted earlier (see [58] above), TAPCL
requires both a supplier and a purchaser invoice before approving a drawdown.
While there was a supplier invoice, ie, the Jiangsu invoice, there was no
corresponding purchaser invoice. Further, there is no evidence of any
complicity on Jiangsu’s part, similar to the situation in the Hung Da drawdown
(see [61] above). As I observed, complicity on the relevant supplier’s part
would be necessary for any diversion of drawn down funds, given that payments
under the TAPCL Facility are made by Cantrust directly to the relevant
supplier. See’s claim in this respect is accordingly untenable on multiple
counts.

Terminating Mei Mei’s employment

67 I do not find the termination of Mei Mei’s employment to be an act of
oppression. The requirements for the termination of Mei Mei’s employment were
delineated in her employment contract, and the termination was done in
accordance with that. See’s claim is that the termination was wrongful because
of a term in the oral investment agreement that gave him and Cheang “equal say
in employee rights”. This is effectively an assertion of a right of veto on
any decision to terminate Mei Mei’s employment. As I have found that such an
agreement does not exist, this argument must fail.

68 Further, Cheang alleges that Mei Mei inter alia had a less-than-
satisfactory work ethic and neglected her duties in Sassax (see [9] and [28]
above). Mei Mei has strenuously denied most of these accusations. In this
regard, one of the reasons given was Mei Mei’s alleged failure to discharge
her duties by adequately insuring Sassax’s cargo on board the Maersk Honam. It
is for See to show that this allegation is incorrect and he has failed to do
so. It is therefore difficult to see why Cheang was not entitled to summarily
terminate Mei Mei’s employment. In fact, any effort by See to interfere with
the aforesaid termination would raise the question as to whether he was acting
properly.

Conclusion on oppression

69 Given that none of the alleged acts of oppression have been made out, I
find that the claim based on oppression is without merit. Consequently, See is
not entitled to any of the relief he seeks on grounds of oppression, ie, a
buy-out of his shares in Sassax or the winding up of Sassax based on
oppression.

The just and equitable winding up issue

70 At the heart of s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act is the notion of
unfairness. The test for whether a company ought to be wound up under this
provision is whether the prevailing circumstances, such as a loss of mutual
trust and confidence, make it “unfair that one shareholder should insist upon
the continuance of the association” (Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar Investments
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 827 (“Sim Yong Kim”) at [31], citing O’Neill and another v
Phillips and others [1999] 1 WLR 1092 at 1101). See’s case in this regard (see
[24] above) is that there has been an irretrievable breakdown in the parties’
relationship. Cheang, as noted (see [33] above), cites multiple facts that
illustrate See’s culpability in this regard. It should be noted that Cheang is
not running a defence based on See’s failure to exercise the exit mechanisms
in Sassax’s Articles of Association.

71 While I accept that the parties’ relationship has broken down, I am unable
to allow See’s claim under s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act. This is because
the breakdown in the relationship was caused by See. This follows from the
earlier conclusion that there have been no acts of oppression on the part of
Cheang. Thus, the present level of distrust to a large measure was self-
induced by See. The Court of Appeal’s decision in Sim Yong Kim makes it clear
that s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act does not allow a member to exit from a
company at will. A shareholder cannot rely on the just and equitable ground of
winding up simply because there exists an irretrievable breakdown in
relationship – such a breakdown must have been caused by the other party. The
claim will not be allowed in cases where the shareholder’s loss of trust and
confidence in the other members was self-induced. The Court of Appeal noted
(at [31]) that:

… s 254(1)(i) of the [Companies Act]… does not allow a member to “exit at
will”, as is plain from its express terms. Nor does it apply to a case where
the loss of trust and confidence in the other members is self-induced. It
cannot be just and equitable to wind up a company just because a minority
shareholder feels aggrieved or wishes to exit at will. …

72 See was the significant cause of the breakdown in the relationship. See has
adduced no evidence to show that he had indeed contributed to Sassax’s
business beyond what Cheang had described in her evidence (see [26] and [27]
above). He has not refuted Cheang’s claims that he has spent, and continues to
spend, a sizeable amount of time on his other businesses – in fact, in his
evidence, he states quite clearly that “I have been incorporating and managing
a number of business enterprises and have spent a considerable amount of time
and energy towards building them up”. See has adduced no evidence to refute
Cheang’s allegations that he had been “hands off”, and has not provided
documents to prove that he contributed more to Sassax than what Cheang alleges
(see [26] above). See has also not challenged Cheang’s evidence that he had
placed his other businesses’ interests over Sassax’s (see [29] above).

73 Against this backdrop, Cheang’s frustration with See is understandable.
Even though Cheang appeared hostile in certain recorded conversations, these
were after the Maersk Honam fire, which, by both parties’ admissions, was the
tipping point after which the relationship deteriorated irreparably. Cheang’s
reaction, in that light, is explicable and not wilful.

74 See has thus not convinced me that Cheang was the cause of their
relationship fracturing. As mentioned earlier, I do not accept any of his
allegations against Cheang. Accordingly, it is not Cheang but See who
contributed to the breakdown of the relationship.

75 I lastly address the issue of See’s access to Sassax’s financial documents.
He alleges that he has been wrongfully denied access, and claims that Acumen
wrongfully imposed a S$5,000 fee on him when he requested to inspect some of
Sassax’s financial records. Specifically, these records were the details and
underlying documents for certain transactions involving Sassax’s various bank
accounts. See further claims that he had to bear this cost personally.

76 There are two difficulties with See’s contention. First, this was a fee
imposed by Acumen, not Sassax or Cheang. The managing director of Acumen, one
Looi Yong Kean (“Looi”), testified that this additional fee was imposed on top
of Acumen’s annual fees (which were borne by Sassax). This fee was calculated
based on a “charge-out rate”, which was a standard operating procedure of
Acumen. Looi also testified, when questioned, that Cheang had not given him
instructions to impose this fee on See. The imposition of the fee was Acumen’s
standard company practice in the circumstances, due to the additional labour
and costs that had to be incurred in retrieving the records and details that
See had sought. Looi further explained that the 14-day delay between the
request being made and the financial documents being delivered was time that
Acumen inevitably required to retrieve the requisite documents – there was no
deliberate or wilful delay on Acumen’s part. Looi’s evidence in this regard
was unchallenged by See.

77 That being the case, it is contrived for See to suggest that Acumen’s
actions were unfair acts on Cheang’s part. I found nothing objectionable about
the imposition of the S$5,000 fee.

78 Second, that See was required to personally pay for the fee was beside the
point. See’s pleaded case is that Cheang had deliberately refused to provide
him with Sassax’s financial records. Based on Looi’s evidence as canvassed
above, I see no such attempt by Cheang. Any other director of Sassax who had
requested the same documents would likely also have been made to pay a fee. In
any event, it is difficult to understand how it might be said that Cheang
refused to provide the financial records when See could have had them if he
had paid the fee of S$5,000. Further, See made no attempt to resolve the
issues of access to the financial records and Acumen’s imposition of a fee
with Cheang. If he did not do so, it is contrived to suggest that having to
bear the fee personally was an unfair act on Cheang’s part. Accordingly, I
reject See’s argument that Cheang unfairly denied him access to Sassax’s
financial records.

79 Accordingly, I dismiss See’s claim based on the just and equitable ground.
On a final note, while Cheang, in closing submissions, has elaborated at
length on why Sassax ought not to be wound up on grounds of loss of substratum
and management deadlock, I do not propose to address these grounds given that
they have not been pleaded by See. In any event, any loss of substratum would
have been self-induced by See, and thus cannot be relied on by him in a
winding up claim. I say no more on this issue.

Other relief sought by See

80 As a final observation, I note that See also seeks a back-to-back indemnity
with respect to all financial documents under which he has undertaken personal
liability and which he signed in his capacity as director of Sassax. I see no
basis for such relief. For documents that See himself agreed to (such as him
guaranteeing the TAPCL Facility on 23 March 2018), there is no reason to
release him from liability. In so far as See has alleged that his signature
had been forged for the alleged TAPCL Facility renewal, as explained, no such
renewal occurred. Thus, this claim must also be rejected.

Conclusion

81 I therefore dismiss See’s claim and order costs against See in favour of
Cheang to be taxed if not agreed.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge

Singh Navinder and Farah Nazura binte Zainudin (KSCGP Juris LLP) for the
plaintiff;

Kirpalani Rakesh Gopal and Oen Weng Yew Timothy (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

