Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 281

Suit No 691 of 2020 (Summons No 3170 of 2020)

Between

BAFCO Singapore Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Lee Tze Seng (Li Shucheng)  
---|---  
(2)| Leo Ming Min Rachel  
(3)| Teo Wee Yong (Zhang Weiyong)  
(4)| Dafydd & Yong Pte Ltd  
(5)| Vortikul Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Confidence] — [Breach of confidence]

[Injunctions] — [Interlocutory Injunction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BAFCO Singapore Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Lee Tze Seng and others

[2020] SGHC 281

High Court — Suit No 691 of 2020 (Summons No 3170 of 2020)  
Choo Han Teck J  
5 October, 25 November 2020

22 December 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is the plaintiff’s application for interim injunctive relief and a
disclosure order against the defendants, on the basis that the defendants
misused and disclosed the plaintiff’s confidential information without the
plaintiff’s consent.

2 The plaintiff is the Singapore subsidiary of the BAFCO group of companies,
which is engaged in the business of developing, manufacturing and selling
high-volume, low-speed (“HVLS”) fans. The first to third defendants
(collectively, “the Former Employees”) are all former employees of the
plaintiff. The first defendant (“Lee”) was previously the plaintiff’s Sales
Manager for the Asia Pacific Region. The second defendant (“Rachel”) was
formerly a Sales and Design Representative and Assistant Manager in the
plaintiff’s Sales Department. The third defendant (“Teo”) was formerly a
director of the plaintiff and was also the plaintiff’s Financial Controller
and Company Secretary. Rachel was employed by the plaintiff from 2014 until 1
July 2019, whereas Lee and Teo were employed by the plaintiff from 2014 until
17 July 2020.

3 The fifth defendant (“Vortikul”) is a US-incorporated company which is also
in the business of manufacturing and selling HVLS fans. Vortikul was founded
by one David Williams, who is the plaintiff’s former Managing Director.

4 The fourth defendant (“D&Y”) is a company that was incorporated in Singapore
in 2016. Lee and Rachel are presently directors of D&Y. The plaintiff alleges
that (a) D&Y is distributing fans and cooling products, including HVLS fans
manufactured by Vortikul; and (b) the Former Employees founded and were
actively involved in D&Y while they were still employed by the plaintiff. Lee
and Teo acknowledge that they incorporated D&Y during their employment with
the plaintiff “as a hobby outside of work” but assert that D&Y is, and was at
all material times, a dormant company because of their full-time job
commitments.

5 The plaintiff commenced an action against the defendants in the underlying
suit (Suit 691 of 2020) for, inter alia:

(a) the Former Employees’ breaches of their obligations owed to the plaintiff;

(b) D&Y’s and Vortikul’s wrongful inducement of the Former Employees’
breaches; and

(c) unlawful conspiracy between the Former Employees, D&Y and Vortikul.

The plaintiff’s US parent company has also commenced an action in the US
against Vortikul and David Williams for unlawful competition.

6 In the present summons, the plaintiff seeks the following:

(a) an injunction to restrain the Former Employees from using and/or
disclosing any of the plaintiff’s confidential information acquired by them
during their employment with the plaintiff (until final determination of this
action or further order) (“the Disclosure Injunction”);

(b) an injunction to restrain the Former Employees and D&Y from relying on the
plaintiff’s confidential information to procure or do any business with third
parties that will enable the defendants to carry out any business which is
similar to the plaintiff’s business (until final determination of this action
or further order or for a period of 12 months, whichever is earlier) (“the
Procurement Injunction”);

(c) an injunction to restrain the Former Employees and D&Y from continuing
communications with the plaintiff’s customers whom any of the defendants
communicated with during the Former Employees’ employment with the plaintiff
and up to 3 August 2020, with a view towards procuring or doing business for
persons other than the plaintiff (until final determination of this action or
further order or for a period of 12 months, whichever is earlier) (“the
Communications Injunction”);

(d) an order (“Affidavit Order”) that the Former Employees and D&Y file a
disclosure affidavit stating:

(i) the identities of the plaintiff’s customers whom any of them have sought
to procure and/or do business with on behalf of D&Y and/or any parties from 16
May 2016 to 3 August 2020; and

(ii) details of all confidential information disclosed by the Former Employees
to D&Y and/or any other parties from 16 May 2016 to 3 August 2020.

7 As I understand it, the plaintiff’s case is that the defendants have misused
the plaintiff’s confidential information in at least two different respects:
first, by using the said information to divert business opportunities to
themselves and the plaintiff’s competitors; and second, by using the said
information to help a competing bidder secure a tender project known as the
‘Faber Peak Project’.

8 Before turning to consider the substantive merits of the plaintiff’s
application, I will address the defendants’ objection that the relief sought
by the plaintiff is “no longer relevant” in view of the fact that the Former
Employees have given the following undertakings in their affidavits filed on 7
September 2020:

(a) Lee undertakes not to disclose information which he can recall from his
employment with the plaintiff to the plaintiff’s competitors for a period of
one year from 17 July 2020;

(b) Teo undertakes not to disclose financial information which he can recall
from his employment with the plaintiff to the plaintiff’s competitors for a
period of one year from 17 July 2020;

(c) Lee and Teo undertake not to communicate with the plaintiff’s customers
known to them, or to carry on any business which is similar to the plaintiff’s
business in Singapore for a period of one year from 17 July 2020;

(d) Rachel undertakes not to communicate with the plaintiff’s customers known
to her, or to carry on any business which is similar to the plaintiff’s
business in Singapore for a period of one year from 1 July 2020.

9 Counsel for the plaintiff, Ms Angelia Thng, argues that the defendants’
undertakings are unsatisfactory because they do not afford the protection that
the plaintiff is seeking in the present application. I agree with this
submission. It is evident that the scope of the undertakings given by the
defendants does not correspond to the scope of the protection sought by the
plaintiff in terms of subject-matter, time frame and the parties covered. For
instance, the plaintiff seeks an injunction to restrain all of the Former
Employees from disclosing “any” of the confidential information which they
have acquired during their course of employment with the plaintiff. However,
Rachel has not given any undertakings in relation to the non-disclosure of
confidential information, and Teo’s undertaking is restricted to the non-
disclosure of “financial information” only. Moreover, D&Y has not given any
undertakings whatsoever. In the circumstances, I am of the view that the
defendants’ undertakings do not adequately address the plaintiff’s concerns.
It is therefore necessary to examine the substantive merits of the plaintiff’s
application.

10 I turn now to the plaintiff’s application for interlocutory injunctive
relief. Counsel for the defendants, Ms Luo Ling Ling, argues that the
injunction sought by the plaintiff is a “springboard” injunction, the
requirements for which are “more stringent than that of any other interim
injunction”. A springboard injunction is one that is intended to restrain a
wrongdoer from enjoying the fruits of a “head start” which he has unfairly
obtained as a result of his unlawful acts (see QBE Management Services (UK)
Ltd v Dymoke and others [2012] IRLR 458 (“QBE Management”) at [240]–[241]).
The requirements for a “springboard” injunction in the context of a breach of
confidence were distilled by Lai Siu Chiu SJ in Goh Seng Heng v RSP
Investments and others and another matter [2017] 3 SLR 657 (“Goh Seng Heng”)
at [67] as follows:

(a) confidential information has been misused or is at risk of being misused;

(b) such misuse of confidential information has given rise to an unfair
competitive advantage to the defendant;

(c) the “unfair advantage” is still being enjoyed by the defendant (at the
time the injunction is sought); and

(d) damages would be an inadequate remedy for the plaintiff.

Owing to the peculiar nature of a “springboard” injunction, the court
considering whether an interim “springboard” injunction ought to be granted
must look beyond the usual American Cyanamid principles and assess the
relative strength of the parties’ rival arguments at the interlocutory stage
(see Jardine Lloyd Thompson Pte Ltd v Howden Insurance Brokers (S) Pte Ltd and
others [2015] 5 SLR 258 (“Jardine”) at [21]).

11 In my view, one must consider the historical origin and the evolution of
“springboard” relief in order to understand the nature of the mischief that it
is intended to address. As I previously noted in Jardine, “springboard” relief
was first granted in Terrapin Ltd v Builders Supply Co (Hayes) Ltd [1960] RPC
128 (“Terrapin”), in which Roxburgh J noted (at 391):

… the essence of this branch of the law, whatever the origin of it may be, is
that a person who has obtained information in confidence is not allowed to use
it as a springboard for activities detrimental to the person who made the
confidential communication … the possessor of such information must be placed
under a special disability in the field of competition to ensure that he does
not get an unfair start.

12 It is apparent from QBE Management and Terrapin that the basis for
“springboard” relief lies in the removal of an unfair competitive advantage
arising from an unlawful act – in this case, a breach of confidence – and not
the prevention of a breach of confidence itself. Where the plaintiff seeks a
“conventional” injunction to restrain a breach of confidence simpliciter, it
is the principles in American Cyanamid which ought to apply (see eg Jardine at
[27]).

13 Turning back to the facts of the present case, I am satisfied that the
Disclosure and the Procurement Injunctions seek to prevent the incidence, or
further incidence, of a breach of confidence by the defendants, and thus
qualify as “conventional” injunctions. On the other hand, the Communications
Injunction seeks to restrain the defendants from “continuing communications”
with the plaintiff’s customers, regardless of whether such communications
involve the disclosure of confidential information or not. It is evident that
the purpose of the Communications Injunction is to prevent the defendants from
exploiting what the plaintiff perceives as an unfair competitive advantage,
which is consistent with the function of “springboard” relief. It also bears
note that the plaintiff itself characterised the Communications Injunction as
a “springboard” injunction in its Summons for Injunction filed on 3 August
2020. In the premises, I find that the Communications Injunction falls within
the ambit of “springboard” relief, which can only be granted if the
requirements set out in Goh Seng Heng are cumulatively satisfied.

14 As to the plaintiff’s case as regards the Disclosure and the Procurement
Injunctions, the first issue to be determined is whether there is a serious
question to be tried, ie, whether the plaintiff has a “real prospect of
succeeding in his claim for a permanent injunction at trial” (see American
Cyanamid at 408). In other words, the court must be satisfied that the
plaintiff’s claim is not “frivolous or vexatious” (at 407).

15 The approach to be taken in breach of confidence cases was recently
modified by the Court of Appeal in i-Admin (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Hong Ying
Ting and others [2020] 1 SLR 1130 (“i-Admin”) at [61]. Under the new approach,
the burden lies on the plaintiff to establish that:

(a) the information sought to be protected has the necessary quality of
confidence about it; and

(b) the information was imparted in circumstances importing an obligation of
confidence. This includes cases where the information was accessed or acquired
without the plaintiff’s knowledge or consent.

Upon the satisfaction of conditions (a) and (b), a breach of confidence is
presumed. The burden then shifts to the defendant to rebut the presumption by
proving that its conscience was unaffected by its acts.

16 As noted by Ms Luo, the plaintiff has not always been clear or consistent
in identifying the scope of the confidential information that it seeks to
protect. However, in its written submissions filed on 18 November 2020, the
plaintiff clarified that it would focus mainly only on two types of
confidential information, namely:

(a) information stored in the plaintiff’s Customer Relationship Management
(“CRM”) platform, which contains information about the plaintiff’s current and
potential customers (including their contact information, designations etc.)
(“CRM Information”); and

(b) information relating to the plaintiff’s bids for tender projects,
including technical, pricing and strategic information and all other
commercially-sensitive information which is accessible only to the plaintiff’s
employees in preparing for such bids (“Tender Projects Information”).

17 The defendants’ case is not so much that the two types of information set
out above do not possess the necessary quality of confidence. Rather, the bulk
of counsel’s submissions dealt with the question of whether the defendants had
disclosed or misused such information without the plaintiff’s consent.

18 If the CRM Information were to consist merely of the names of customers and
potential customers which are available in the public domain and which can be
discovered with reasonable diligence on the defendants’ part, it would be
difficult to see how or why such information ought to be classified as
confidential information. However, the position may be different where the
customer information in question is not available in the public domain and is
instead discovered and collated through the plaintiff’s own efforts. In Adinop
Co Ltd v Rovithai Ltd and another [2019] 2 SLR 808 (“Adinop”), the appellant
sued the respondents for misusing confidential information including the
appellant’s ‘Key Customers Lists’ which set out, inter alia, the names of the
customers that the appellant had secured and the types of products they were
intending to purchase. The Court of Appeal there held that the lists had the
necessary quality of confidence about them as they were “a result of [the
appellant] identifying selected customers based on specific information
gathered from its own records”, and “represent[ed] [the appellant’s] market
reach and important clientele” (at [57]). Like the customer lists in Adinop,
the CRM Information was painstakingly gathered by the plaintiff through
various channels such as advertising and external agencies and was not
available in the public domain. Based on this evidence, I am inclined to hold
that the CRM Information has the necessary quality of confidence about it, but
I add the caveat that the trial judge will be better placed to make a
conclusive finding when the full evidence is heard at trial.

19 Likewise, I am satisfied that the Tender Projects Information is
confidential in nature. I agree with Edmund Leow JC’s observation in Tempcool
Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Chong Vincent and others [2015] SGHC 100 at [59]
that “a company’s pricing information such as quotations and pricing
mechanisms is generally confidential”. Although the defendants aver that
tender documents for open tenders are available for public viewing, the tender
documents ⸺ and the commercially-sensitive information therein ⸺ would
nevertheless remain confidential unless and until they are released into the
public domain.

20 As regards the second prerequisite in i-Admin, I accept Ms Thng’s
submission that the CRM Information and the Tender Projects Information were
imparted in circumstances importing an obligation of confidence. Pertinently,
access to the CRM database was strictly controlled by the use of unique
passwords, and only certain employees ⸺ including the Former Employees ⸺ were
allowed to view and use the information therein. Furthermore, each of the
Former Employees’ employment contracts with the plaintiff contained a
confidentiality clause obliging them not to disclose the plaintiff’s
confidential information (“the Confidentiality Clause”). For ease of
reference, the relevant portions of the Confidentiality Clause are reproduced
below:

Confidential information

Confidential information includes all information relating to the [plaintiff]
or a related body corporate of the [plaintiff] or the business of the
[plaintiff] or a related body corporate of the [plaintiff] regardless of its
form including but not limited to:

(a) information relating in any way to the business of the [plaintiff] or a
related body corporate of the [plaintiff];

[…]

(g) all information relating in any way to the employees, customers or
potential customers, suppliers or potential suppliers, contracts, business
operations, business processes, trade secrets, methodologies, formulae,
financial affairs, projections and accounts of the [plaintiff] or a related
body of the [plaintiff] including without limitation any databases, data
surveys, customer lists, marketing strategies and plans, details of trading
relationships, charter or carriage rates, training methods and investment
opportunities or acquisitions investigated but not implemented; and

(h) any other information recognised at law or in equity as being confidential
information …

You acknowledge that during the course of your employment with us you may
become acquainted with or have access to Confidential Information and you
agree to maintain the confidence of the Confidential Information and to
prevent its unauthorised disclosure to or use by any other person.

You agree not to use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than
for our benefit during or after your employment with us.

In my view, the scope of the Confidentiality Clause is wide enough to
encompass both the CRM Information and the Tender Projects Information. The
Confidentiality Clause thus affirms and reinforces the defendants’ obligations
of confidence to the plaintiff.

21 Since the first and second prerequisites of the approach in i-Admin are
satisfied, the burden lies on the defendants to disprove the presumption that
they have committed a breach of confidence by showing that their conscience is
clear. The defendants have sought to do so by demonstrating that they have not
disclosed or misused the CRM Information or the Tender Projects Information.
Their arguments, in summary, are that: (a) the Former Employees are regular
individuals who do not have the means to compete with a multinational company
like the plaintiff; (b) the Former Employees did not have access to the
plaintiff’s confidential information; (c) D&Y is, and was at all material
times, a dormant company; (d) the Former Employees and D&Y have never
solicited, and have never attempted to solicit, the plaintiff’s customers or
potential customers; and (e) the Former Employees and D&Y have never helped
Vortikul or any other competitor of the plaintiff to win against the plaintiff
in a tender bid.

22 I note, however, that these contentions were largely unsubstantiated by
documentary evidence. For instance, when confronted with evidence that D&Y had
sent non-solicited marketing e-mails to the plaintiff’s specific customer
contacts, the defendants responded with the bare assertion that the
plaintiff’s sales leads could be easily obtained from Google searches or even
“trial and error and some common sense”. However, there was nothing to show
that the defendants had actually carried out such “Google searches” at the
material time.

23 There are also gaps and inconsistencies within the defendants’ case. I list
several non-exhaustive examples of these here. First, the defendants insist
that the Former Employees did not have access to “all” of the plaintiff’s
confidential information, but they do not appear to dispute that the Former
Employees had access to the confidential information forming the subject-
matter of the plaintiff’s claim, ie, the CRM and Tender Projects Information.
Second, the defendants aver that D&Y is a dormant company despite admitting
that they used D&Y to provide financial support for Rachel’s personal projects
and receive her alleged income for her alleged services. Third, Rachel admits
that she offered consulting services to a “third-party electrical contractor”
who eventually won the bid for the Faber Peak Project, but she inexplicably
refuses to disclose who this “third-party electrical contractor” is.

24 Having regard to all of the above, and bearing in mind that the burden lies
on the defendants to disprove the presumption that they are liable for a
breach of confidence, I am satisfied that the plaintiff’s claim is not
frivolous or vexatious. I thus find that there is a serious question to be
tried as regards the plaintiff’s claim against the defendants.

25 That brings me to the question of whether the balance of convenience lies
in favour of granting the Disclosure and Procurement Injunctions.

26 In ascertaining where the balance of convenience lies, the court’s task is
to assess which course of action carries the lower risk of injustice if it
should turn out to be wrong at trial (see Maldives Airports Co Ltd and another
v GMR Malé International Airport Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 449 at [53]). In my
view, there are two factors in this case which tilt the balance of convenience
in favour of the plaintiff. The first is that, as noted at [20] above, the
Former Employees are already restricted, by the Confidentiality Clause, from
disclosing or misusing the plaintiff’s confidential information. The
Disclosure and Procurement Injunctions, if granted, would simply debar the
defendants from carrying out that which they are already bound not to do. The
second is that damages may not be an adequate remedy for the plaintiff in this
case. As noted by the Court of Appeal in ANB v ANC and another and another
matter [2015] 5 SLR 522 at [25], confidentiality, once breached, is lost
forever. I am therefore satisfied that the Disclosure and Procurement
Injunctions ought to be granted.

27 I now turn to consider the third injunction sought by the plaintiff, ie,
the Communications Injunction, which (as held at [13] above) qualifies as a
“springboard” injunction. Importantly, “springboard” relief is not punitive in
nature, and is intended only to restore the parties to the competitive
position they each set out to occupy and would have occupied but for the
defendant’s misconduct (see QBE Management at [244] and [246]). The scope of
the “springboard” relief awarded must be no wider than what is reasonably
necessary to achieve this purpose. In my view, the necessity of the
Communications Injunction must be determined with reference to the nature and
impact of the other reliefs sought by, and awarded to, the plaintiff. The
effect of the Disclosure and Procurement Injunctions is that the defendants
will no longer be able to solicit the plaintiff’s customers using the
plaintiff’s confidential information until the final determination of this
action. There is also nothing to suggest that the defendants intend to compete
with the plaintiff or assist the plaintiff’s competitors in any upcoming
tender bids. Consequently, with the Disclosure and Procurement Injunctions in
place, it cannot be definitively concluded that the defendants enjoy, and will
continue to enjoy, an unfair competitive advantage vis-à-vis the plaintiff
pending trial.

28 Furthermore, I am of the view that the scope of the Communications
Injunction is too wide. As stated at [13] above, the Communications Injunction
would effectively prevent the defendants from communicating with the
plaintiff’s customers even if such communications do not entail the disclosure
or misuse of the plaintiff’s confidential information. Given that (a) Lee’s
and Teo’s contractual non-solicitation obligations only apply within
Australia, and (b) Rachel’s contractual non-solicitation obligations expired
on 1 July 2020, the Communications Injunction would essentially allow the
plaintiff to enjoy a position that is more advantageous than that which it
would have occupied in the absence of any misconduct by the defendants. I thus
reject the plaintiff’s application for the Communications Injunction.

29 That leaves me with the final issue of whether the Affidavit Order ought to
be granted. The statutory basis for this order is O 92 rr 4 and 5 of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed), which provide as follows:

Inherent powers of Court (O. 92, r. 4)

4\. For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these
Rules shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to
make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse
of the process of the Court.

Further orders or directions (O. 92, r. 5)

5\. Without prejudice to Rule 4, the Court may make or give such further
orders or directions incidental or consequential to any judgment or order as
may be necessary in any case.

30 Ms Thng submits that the Affidavit Order is necessary to determine the
“full extent” of the plaintiff’s confidential information that was misused or
disclosed, given the “furtive nature” of the defendants’ unlawful actions. I
respectfully disagree. In my view, there is no further utility in, or benefit
to be obtained from, the Affidavit Order. As Ms Luo points out, the Former
Employees have already filed affidavits stating their answers to the issues
that the plaintiff wishes them to address. Any further information which the
plaintiff seeks to obtain from the defendants can be elicited during cross-
examination at trial.

31 In conclusion, I allow the plaintiff’s application for the Disclosure and
Procurement Injunctions, and dismiss the plaintiff’s application for the
Communications Injunction and the Affidavit Order. I thus grant an order in
terms of prayers 1 and 2 of the summons, and dismiss prayers 3 and 4 of the
summons.

32 Counsel on both sides argue that the opposing party or parties should pay
indemnity costs but, having regard to their submissions, I see no reason to
make such an order. It does not appear to me that either party’s case was
clearly without basis or conducted in bad faith. I therefore order costs to be
costs in the cause.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Thng Yu Ting Angelia, Tan Zhi Xin and Sim Wei Min Stephanie (Braddell Brothers
LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Luo Ling Ling and Sharifah Nabilah Binte Syed Omar (Luo Ling Ling LLC) for the
1st to 4th defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 Dec 2020 (12:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

