Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 64

Civil Appeal No 132 of 2019

Between

| ED&F Man Capital Markets Limited  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Straits (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons No 533 of 2017 (Summons No 1087 of 2019)

Between

| Straits (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| ED&F Man Capital Markets Limited  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Grounds of decision

[Abuse of Process] — [Collateral purpose]

[Abuse of Process] — [Riddick principle]

[Civil Procedure] — [Discovery] — [Pre-action discovery]

[Civil Procedure] — [Interrogatories] — [Pre-action interrogatories]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ED&F Man Capital Markets Ltd

  
v

  

Straits (Singapore) Pte Ltd

[2020] SGCA 64

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 132 of 2019 and Summonses Nos 31 and 46 of
2020  
Judith Prakash JA, Steven Chong JA and Quentin Loh J  
9 June 2020

6 July 2020

Steven Chong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Discovery is a critical process in any court proceeding. It fulfils the
function of discovering the truth between the parties so that justice can be
served. Typically, discovery is provided in aid of an action which is before
the court and the issues in the action would define the scope and ambit of the
discovery.

2 As an exception to this default rule, a court may order discovery prior to
the commencement of court proceedings. This is achieved by way of an
application for pre-action discovery. To prevent abuse, strict requirements
must be satisfied before the court would exercise its discretion to grant this
exceptional form of discovery, paramount of which is the mandatory requirement
that the documents are intended for use in Singapore proceedings.

3 This appeal can be traced to an unsuccessful application for pre-action
discovery and interrogatories by the appellant. In resisting the application,
the respondent filed several affidavits to explain why the application should
be dismissed. Various documents which formed part of the documents sought by
the appellant were exhibited in the affidavits.

4 Despite failing in its application for pre-action discovery, the appellant
nonetheless proceeded to use the disclosed documents in aid of its joinder
application to add the respondent to proceedings commenced against other
parties in the United Kingdom (“the UK proceedings”).

5 Would the use of the disclosed documents in the UK proceedings under such
circumstances constitute an abuse of the pre-action discovery regime? Is the
principle articulated in Riddick v Thames Board Mills Ltd [1977] QB 881 (“the
Riddick principle”) engaged since there was no court order compelling the
disclosure of the disclosed documents? If not, should the Riddick principle be
extended to apply to all information and documents disclosed in the course of
an application for pre-action discovery?

6 We agree with the Judge below that the appellant should be enjoined from
using the disclosed documents in the UK proceedings, though our reasons differ
from the Judge in some respects. At the end of the hearing, we dismissed the
appeal and we now provide our detailed grounds.

Material facts

7 The appellant, ED&F Man Capital Markets Limited, is a company registered in
England. It is the financial services division of ED&F Man Holdings Limited,
and operates a global brokerage and financial services business in a range of
products which include commodities. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Joint Record of Appeal (“JROA”) 3A 4 (Riley’s 1st affidavit para 5–6).

The respondent, Straits (Singapore) Pte Ltd is a company registered in
Singapore and is a subsidiary company of Straits Financial Group Pte Ltd. It
provides structured trade finance, physical inventory monetisation and risk
management services, and finances exchange-grade commodities such as nickel
and zinc products. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

JROA 3B 35 (He’s 1st affidavit para 17).

8 In 2016, the appellant entered into repurchasing agreements with two Hong
Kong companies, Come Harvest and Mega Wealth (collectively, “the Companies”).
Under these agreements, the Companies sold nickel products (“the Commodities”)
to the appellant but retained the option of repurchasing the Commodities at a
fixed price by a set date. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

JROA 3A 5–6 (Riley’s 1st affidavit paras 10–13).

If the option was not exercised by that date, the appellant would be entitled
to take possession of the Commodities. The Commodities were stored in
warehouses that issued receipts for products in their custody. Possession of a
duly-endorsed, original warehouse receipt entitled the holder to obtain
possession of the goods identified in the receipt. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

JROA 3A 6–7 (Riley’s 1st affidavit para 16–17).

9 Pursuant to the repurchasing agreements, the Companies handed what appeared
to be original warehouse receipts for the Commodities to the appellant. The
receipts reflected the respondent’s endorsements which suggested that the
respondent had sold the Commodities to the Companies, who in turn on-sold them
to the appellant. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

JROA 3A 6 (Riley’s 1st affidavit para 18).

The appellant and the respondent did not have any direct contractual
relationship or business dealings with each other. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

JROA 3B 36 (He’s 1st affidavit para 22).

10 In January 2017, the appellant discovered that the warehouse receipts in
its possession had been forged. Believing itself to be the victim of fraud,
the appellant’s solicitors contacted the respondent for its assistance and
sought, inter alia, documents and records relating to the respondent’s
ownership of the Commodities and its relationship with the Companies. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

JROA 3A 8 (Riley’s 1st affidavit para 27).

The respondent’s solicitors responded to state that the respondent had never
handed the original warehouse receipts to the Companies, the receipts had
always been in its possession, and it remained the owner of the Commodities.
Furthermore, the respondent stated that it was not in a position to provide
the appellant with the information and documents requested. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

JROA 3A 8 (Riley’s 1st affidavit para 29), 124–125 (Letter from respondent’s
solicitors dated 2 March 2017).

Further correspondence was exchanged, but the respondent maintained its stance
and did not provide any further information.

11 On 17 May 2017, the appellant filed Originating Summons No 533 of 2017 (“OS
533”) for pre-action discovery and interrogatories against the respondent
pursuant to O 24 r 6 and O 26A r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

JROA 2 12–25 (OS 533 of 2017).

It raised potential causes of action against the respondent in the torts of
conspiracy by unlawful means and dishonest assistance, and it also sought
information from the respondent on the identities of the actual wrongdoers
(ie, “Norwich Pharmacal relief”, as established in Norwich Pharmacal Co v
Customs and Excise Commissioners [1974] AC 133). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

JROA 3Q 70 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 68).

12 In the course of resisting OS 533, the respondent filed 12 affidavits
deposed by its employees, solicitors and an expert witness. These affidavits
and their exhibited documents (“the disclosed documents”) form the core of the
present dispute. The first affidavit (“He’s 1st Affidavit”) filed on behalf of
the respondent contained the following reservation: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

JROA 3B 29–30 (He’s 1st affidavit para 5).

In this affidavit, I will begin by providing some background information on
the warehouse receipts… Such information is provided to assist the Honourable
Court and to demonstrate why [OS 533] should be dismissed. The disclosure is
without prejudice to the [respondent’s] position that the [appellant] is not
entitled to any of the information and/or documents sought in [OS 533], for
the reasons I will elaborate below.

[emphasis in underline in original]

13 He’s 1st affidavit also annexed copies of some documents sought in OS 533,
specifically, the original warehouse receipts and the invoices issued by the
warehouse to the respondent. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

JROA 2 16 (OS 533, Schedule A).

The affidavit also provided most of the information which the appellant had
sought in its application for pre-action interrogatories, such as details of
the respondent’s transactions with the Companies. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See JROA 2 18 (OS 533, Schedule B) and 3B 35–36 (He’s 1st affidavit paras
19–21).

14 On 21 December 2017, while the hearing of OS 533 was pending, the appellant
commenced an action against the Companies in the UK. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

JROA 3G 290 (Evans’ 1st affidavit para 3).

This was pursuant to a clause in the repurchasing agreements between the
appellant and the Companies that provided for the exclusive jurisdiction of
the English courts. The appellant claimed damages against the Companies for
deceit and/or unjust enrichment. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

JCB 2 38–40 (Claim form against the Companies filed on 21 Dec 2017).

The papers were served on the Companies in Hong Kong in January 2018.

15 At a hearing on 7 March 2018, the appellant’s counsel informed the court of
the existence of the UK proceedings. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

JROA 3H 18 (NEs 7 March 2018).

Initially, the appellant confirmed through its counsel that it would file an
affidavit to provide an update of the UK proceedings, but, at a later hearing,
changed its position and decided not to file an affidavit. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

JROA 3P 253 (NEs 22 March 2018).

In fact, at the hearing of OS 533 before the assistant registrar (“the AR”),
the appellant took the position that the UK proceedings were “strictly
irrelevant” to OS 533 because they involved different parties and different
causes of action. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

JROA 3Q 28 (NEs 14 June 2018).

At the AR’s directions, the appellant eventually filed a short affidavit,
though that merely annexed the claim form it had filed against the Companies.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

JROA 3G 289–294 (Evans’ 1st affidavit).

16 OS 533 was dismissed by the AR on 13 August 2018. The AR found that the
potential claims the appellant alleged against the respondent in conspiracy
and dishonest assistance were speculative and it had not even alleged that the
respondent was complicit in the fraud. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

JROA 3Q 72 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 71).

As for its application for Norwich Pharmacal relief, the appellant had already
identified the main wrongdoers (ie, the Companies) and had commenced
proceedings against them in the UK. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

JROA 3Q 73 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 74).

The AR also highlighted the “width and intrusiveness” of the documents and
information sought, and observed that the appellant had been resistant to
disclosing the existence of the UK proceedings to the court. She found its
conduct in this regard “somewhat troubling”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

JROA 3Q 73–74 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 76).

17 The appellant appealed against the AR’s decision. On 17 September 2018,
while the appeal was pending before the Singapore courts, the appellant
applied to the High Court of England and Wales to join the respondent in the
UK proceedings, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

JROA 3H 104 (Wang’s 1st affidavit para 13), 178–180 (Application to amend the
claim form), 187 (Whittaker’s witness statement para 15); 3L 222 (Hawksworth’s
3rd affidavit para 25).

stating that it intended to plead causes of action in deceit, unlawful means
conspiracy, constructive trust and knowing receipt against the respondent. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

JROA 3H 204–205 (Whittaker’s witness statement para 85).

In this joinder application, the appellant relied on information contained in
the disclosed documents. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

JROA 3L 159–161 (He’s 7th affidavit paras 23 to 25).

The joinder application was granted ex parte on 23 November 2018. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

JROA 3L 223 (Hawksworth’s 3rd affidavit para 27).

18 The appellant withdrew its appeal against the AR’s decision in OS 533 on 11
February 2019. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

JROA 3L 153 (He’s 7th affidavit para 13).

On 1 March 2019, the respondent applied for injunctions to restrain the
appellant from (a) using the disclosed documents in the UK proceedings; and
(b) continuing its suit against the respondent in the UK proceedings (ie, an
anti-suit injunction). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

JROA 4A 3–4 (SUM 1087).

In the UK proceedings, it applied to set aside the joinder order and
challenged the jurisdiction of the English court. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

JROA 3L 223 (Hawksworth’s 3rd affidavit para 29).

Decision below

19 The Judge enjoined the appellant from adducing or relying on the disclosed
documents in any foreign proceedings but declined to grant the anti-suit
injunction: ED&F Man Capital Markets Ltd v Straits (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2019]
SGHC 203 (“GD”) at [1]. The appeal before us concerns only the injunction
against the use of the disclosed documents.

20 The Judge began his analysis with the provision that governs pre-action
disclosure in para 12 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”). The statutory language of the SCJA and
the Rules of Court pointed to the court being empowered to order pre-action
disclosure for the purpose of Singapore proceedings (Dorsey James Michael v
World Sport Group Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 208 (“Dorsey”) at [69]): GD at [20].
Any use outside that purpose would amount to a disregard of the statutory
objective and for that reason an abuse of the court process, and an injunction
had to be granted to prevent such abuse from continuing: GD at [18]. However,
this did not mean that an applicant for pre-action disclosure had to commit to
commence proceedings in Singapore. The statutory framework did not impose any
such positive obligation, but it restricted the use of documents or
information disclosed pursuant to pre-action disclosure to Singapore
proceedings. This was a reasonable limitation as pre-action disclosure was an
intrusive and compulsive process, and the legislature chose to temper the
compulsion used to obtain these materials with limited and restricted use: GD
at [21].

21 The respondent relied in the alternative on the Riddick principle. The
Riddick principle applied only to documents disclosed under compulsion of
court process, and it did not apply where documents had been voluntarily
disclosed or used in open court: GD at [26] and [27]. In assessing
voluntariness, the respondent to a pre-action disclosure application should be
treated differently. It did not merely risk default if it chose not to
respond. Instead, if it failed to resist the application, there would be a
serious intrusion into the privacy of a non-party. Given the intrusive nature
of pre-action disclosure, the public interest in protecting the respondent’s
privacy and confidentiality featured more heavily: GD at [32]. The
respondent’s reliance on the disclosed documents in OS 533 did not amount to
voluntary disclosure as the documents and information had been exhibited and
deposed to resist OS 533. Much time and energy was saved by including those
documents for the court to examine itself, and it would be unfortunate to
restrain a party from choosing the best course of action out of a fear that
they would open the door to unintended use: GD at [33]. The respondent’s
repeated references to “voluntary” disclosure in the hearings before the AR
were in the context of demonstrating its cooperation and compliance; it did
not show that the respondent was giving up the documents and information for
all uses: GD at [34].

22 The Judge was of the view that even if he was wrong on the application of
the Riddick principle, an obligation analogous to that under the Riddick
principle could apply if, on a true construction of the rules of court under
which the disclosure had been made, any rights of confidentiality or privilege
in the documents and information had been reserved. He relied on the English
case of Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Fountain Page Ltd and another [1991] 1
WLR 756 (“Prudential Assurance”), which concerned the use of witness
statements and experts’ reports that had been disclosed pursuant to pre-trial
proceedings but which were eventually not used at trial. Hobhouse J held that
the Riddick principle did not apply as the documents had not been served under
compulsion, but that the use of such documents could still be restricted by a
duty analogous to the Riddick principle that was derived from the relevant
rules of procedure or principles of law: GD at [37]. In the present case, the
rules allowing pre-action disclosure were intended to save unnecessary costs
and avoid needless claims. Just as how an applicant could not utilise such
pre-action discovery to uncover further causes of action, the use of
information disclosed to resist an order for pre-action disclosure should also
be restricted to proceedings in Singapore: GD at [38].

23 The appellant also relied on the open justice exception to the Riddick
principle articulated in Foo Jong Long Dennis v Ang Yee Lim and another [2015]
2 SLR 578, where the High Court stated that the principle ceased to apply to a
document disclosed during discovery in a prior suit once it had been used in
open court: GD at [39]. The present case fell within a limited exception to
the open court exception to the Riddick principle. Considering the balance to
be struck between the administration of justice and the right to privacy and
confidentiality in the context of pre-action disclosure, applying the open
court exception would unduly hamper the respondent’s ability to resist an
intrusion into its privacy and confidentiality prior to the commencement of
the action: GD at [44].

24 By the present appeal, the appellant appealed against the Judge’s grant of
the injunction.

Summonses Nos 31 and 46 of 2020

25 The appellant also filed two applications to adduce further evidence for
this appeal. Summons No 31 of 2020 was an application to adduce, inter alia,
the decisions of the High Court of Justice and Court of Appeal of England and
Wales (“the English courts”) dismissing the respondent’s jurisdictional
challenge in the UK proceedings, while Summons No 46 of 2020 was an
application to adduce correspondence exchanged between the parties’ English
solicitors on the effect of the injunction in relation to the conduct of the
UK proceedings. We dismissed both applications at the hearing as the evidence
sought to be admitted was not relevant to the appeal.

26 After the decision of the Judge was handed down, the respondent’s
jurisdictional challenge was heard in the English courts. The High Court and
the Court of Appeal both dismissed the challenge and found that England was
the most appropriate forum for the substantive action. Thereafter, the
respondent filed its defence in the UK proceedings. Counsel for the appellant,
Mr Prakash Pillai (“Mr Pillai”), submitted that these decisions established
that the appellant’s use of the disclosed documents in the UK proceedings
could not be an abuse of process as the documents were used in the “correct”
jurisdiction. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s submissions in SUM 31 at paras 31–33.

27 As the decisions of the English courts were reached after the decision of
the Judge below, the test to admit the further evidence was whether it had a
perceptible impact on the decision being appealed such that it was in the
interest of justice that it should be admitted (Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo
Nancy and another appeal [2011] 2 SLR 1157 at [13]). This is a lower threshold
of relevance than the test in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489, which
requires that the evidence would have had an important influence on the result
of the case (see AnAn Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock
Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341 at [21]). Yet even on this lower threshold, the evidence
was not relevant. The question before us concerned the scope of pre-action
disclosure in Singapore. As we observe below (see [34]), the purpose of the
pre-action disclosure regime is to enable the applicant to bring a substantive
claim before a court in Singapore and not the “correct” court. The fact that
the substantive action was now properly before the English courts is not a
factor in our consideration of whether there has been an abuse of the process
as regards the appellant’s use of the disclosed documents under Singapore law.
Having said that, the decisions of the English courts are matters of public
record which this court can always take cognisance of as we have done at [44]
below.

28 As for the letters exchanged between the English solicitors, Mr Pillai
submitted that they revealed that the respondent intended to abuse the
injunction by resisting disclosure that should properly be ordered in the UK
proceedings. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s submissions in SUM 46 paras 22–24.

The parties were in disagreement about the proper threshold of relevance that
had to be met but in any event, we did not see how the solicitors’ letters
were relevant at all. It is hardly surprising for lawyers to take opposing
views on the effect of the injunction but its proper scope is ultimately a
matter for the courts to decide. If properly granted, the injunction would not
be rendered improper or unjust merely because there was a potential for abuse.
The parties would have to take this matter up, should it arise, before the
English courts and it would not be our place to intervene.

Our decision

29 We turn now to the reasons we dismissed the appeal. The issue before us was
a narrow one: should the appellant be permitted to use documents in the UK
proceedings that had been disclosed by the respondent in the Singapore
proceedings, where the disclosure was not pursuant to a court order but to
resist an application for an order? This question had to be considered in the
context of pre-action disclosure.

Sui generis nature of pre-action disclosure

30 Pre-action disclosure, which encompasses both pre-action discovery and
interrogatories, is unique by its very nature. First, unlike other
interlocutory applications, an application for pre-action disclosure does not
require a pleaded cause of action. When proceedings have commenced, the court
is in a better position to determine the relevance of an application for
discovery by reference to the issues raised in the pleadings (see Dorsey ([20]
supra) at [49]), but it does not have a similar reference point in an
application for pre-action disclosure. There is, however, a requirement to
provide some provisional views of the cause of action which is being
contemplated. The Rules of Court stipulate that, if practicable, the applicant
should refer to pleadings served or intended to be served in the claim to show
how the documents or information sought will be relevant (see O 24 r 6(3)(b)
and O 26A r 1(3)(b)). The clearer the cause of action that an applicant is
able to put before the court, the easier it will be for the court to ascertain
the relevance and necessity of pre-action disclosure (Dorsey at [47]).

31 Second, the entire purpose of a pre-action disclosure application is to
discover documents and information in order to determine whether there is a
viable cause of action against the respondent or to identify the appropriate
parties to sue (Dorsey at [27] and Kuah Kok Kim and others v Ernst & Young
[1996] 3 SLR(R) 485 at [31]). An application for pre-action disclosure is
unique in the sense that it starts and ends with only one object, ie, the
determination of the sole issue of whether the documents should be disclosed
prior to commencement of the action.

Scope and purpose of pre-action disclosure

32 The court’s power to order pre-action discovery and interrogatories is
contained in para 12 of the First Schedule to the SCJA:

Discovery and interrogatories

12\. Power before or after any proceedings are commenced to order discovery of
facts or documents by any party to the proceedings or by any other person in
such manner as may be prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice Rules.

33 Pre-action discovery is governed by O 24 r 6 of the Rules of Court while
pre-action interrogatories are governed by O 26A of the same. The provisions
are worded in a similar manner and are governed by the same principles (Dorsey
at [25]). The underlying objective of pre-action disclosure is to save
judicial costs and time and efficiently manage court processes (Dorsey at
[26]). To obtain a pre-action disclosure order, the applicant must demonstrate
that the information sought is both relevant and necessary (Dorsey at [28] and
[47]).

34 In Dorsey, this court highlighted an important limitation on pre-action
interrogatories: it could only be ordered in relation to intended proceedings
before a Singapore court (at [68]). It was not disputed that the same
principle would apply to pre-action discovery (see Dorsey at [25]). Order 26A
r 1(3) and O 24 r 6(3)(a) of the Rules of Court require the applicant to show
that the person against whom the order is sought “is likely to be party to
subsequent proceedings in Court”. In the present case, the Judge reasoned
that, by reference to s 2 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), this
referred to proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction in Singapore: GD
at [20]. That must be correct because it would be unsustainable for the court
to consider the viability of a claim that may be pursued in foreign
jurisdictions. The court’s powers do not extend to pre-action disclosure in
aid of proceedings beyond Singapore, and the applicant has to show some
credible evidence of a Singapore nexus to the alleged third party wrongdoings
to obtain an order for pre-action disclosure (Dorsey at [69]). Where there is
no likely prospect of subsequent proceedings being commenced in Singapore, the
court will not order pre-action disclosure (Dorsey at [70]).

35 Under the statutory regime, all documents and information disclosed in the
course of any pre-action disclosure can only be used in furtherance of
commencing proceedings in a Singapore court. As the Judge highlighted, pre-
action disclosure is an intrusive and compulsive process: GD at [21]. For that
reason, the court will not permit the procedure to be employed for any
collateral purpose that suggest the commencement of proceedings in Singapore
is not the key consideration that underpins the relevant application (Dorsey
at [47]).

36 We agree with the Judge that in spite of this territorial limitation on the
scope of pre-action disclosure, it does not follow that an applicant for pre-
action disclosure must commit to commence the action in Singapore and there is
no such positive obligation in the statutory language: see GD at [21]. As
such, an applicant for pre-action disclosure must establish credible evidence
of a Singapore nexus but does not have to prove that Singapore is the most
appropriate forum in which to commence a substantive action (Intas
Pharmaceuticals Ltd v DealStreetAsia Pte Ltd [2017] 4 SLR 684 at [59]). We
accepted the appellant’s argument that there will inevitably be circumstances
where, post-disclosure, another forum might emerge as a more appropriate one.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s case para 5.2.8.

An applicant for pre-action disclosure is free to commence proceedings in any
other appropriate jurisdiction but if he elects to do so, he would not be
permitted to use the documents and information he obtained in the course of
the pre-action disclosure application. If the applicant decides to use the
documents and information, he can only do so for the purposes of substantive
proceedings in Singapore.

The use of the documents in the UK proceedings was an abuse of process

37 As we recently observed in AnAn Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank
(Public Joint Stock Co) [2020] 1 SLR 1158 at [98], citing our earlier decision
in JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2018] 2 SLR
159 (“JTrust”) at [99], the concept of abuse of process pervades the whole law
of civil procedure. It informs the exercise of the court’s procedural powers
(Lim Geok Lin Andy v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 760 at
[39]) and is a control mechanism “essentially targeted at addressing abusive
conduct” (Vinmar Overseas (Singapore) Pte Ltd v PTT International Trading Pte
Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271 (“Vinmar”) at [129]).

38 As this court observed in Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee
Chong Jin and others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [22], the categories of conduct
that may constitute an abuse of process are not closed:

The term, “abuse of the process of the Court”, in O 18 r 19(1)(d), has been
given a wide interpretation by the courts. It includes considerations of
public policy and the interests of justice. This term signifies that the
process of the court must be used bona fide and properly and must not be
abused. The court will prevent the improper use of its machinery. It will
prevent the judicial process from being used as a means of vexation and
oppression in the process of litigation. The categories of conduct rendering a
claim frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process are not closed and will
depend on all the relevant circumstances of the case. A type of conduct which
has been judicially acknowledged as an abuse of process is the bringing of an
action for a collateral purpose …

[emphasis added]

39 A party who commences proceedings for the predominant purpose of achieving
something other than what the legal process was designed to achieve (ie, a
collateral purpose) is someone who has abused the process of the court (Lee
Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301
[2018] 2 SLR 866 at [136]). A collateral purpose might be the use of the court
as a platform to broadcast the plaintiff’s vilification of the defendants (see
Lonrho plc v Fayed (No 5) [1993] 1 WLR 1489) or, in the context of an
application for Mareva relief, to oppress the defendant’s financial interests
(JTrust at [101]).

40 In this appeal, the question we considered was whether the use of the
disclosed documents in the UK proceedings amounted to a collateral purpose. Mr
Pillai argued that the purpose of pre-action disclosure was to enable the
applicant to commence substantive proceedings, and the commencement of
proceedings in the UK therefore cannot be said to be an ulterior or alien
purpose. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Appellant’s case para 5.3.4.

We rejected this argument. As explained earlier (see [34] above), the sole
purpose of pre-action disclosure is to facilitate the commencement of
proceedings in Singapore. An application for documents or information to
commence proceedings in a foreign jurisdiction would have been dismissed
without hesitation based on the statutory language and this court’s decision
in Dorsey (supra [20]). It would be an abuse of the pre-action disclosure
regime and contrary to its purpose if an application was commenced to obtain
documents in aid of foreign proceedings.

41 Mr Pillai submitted that the jurisdictional limitation in the SCJA did not
apply to the present situation because para 12 referred to the court’s power
to order discovery and no such order was made in OS 533. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Appellant’s case para 4.2.2.

He then argued that Dorsey did not apply because Dorsey also referred to the
court’s power to order pre-action interrogatories. In our view, this argument
misses the point. By applying for pre-action disclosure, the appellant had in
fact sought to persuade the court to exercise its power to make such an order.
The fact that the order was not eventually made cannot render the
jurisdictional limitation meaningless. The implication of the appellant’s
argument would be that if the appellant had been successful in its application
for pre-action disclosure, it would not have been permitted to use the
disclosed documents in the UK proceedings. It would be incongruous if the
appellant, despite being unsuccessful in its application, could then somehow
be permitted to use the documents in the UK proceedings. As astutely submitted
by the respondent, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Respondent’s case para 66(e).

the appellant would then be better off by the dismissal of OS 533. This would
be patently anomalous.

42 Counsel for the respondent, Mr Toh Kian Sing SC (“Mr Toh”), submitted that
the act of commencing an application for pre-action disclosure amounted to a
representation or an undertaking to the court that the applicant would only
commence proceedings in Singapore, if at all. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s case para 23.

We did not think an application for pre-action disclosure should be construed
in this manner. There is a measure of artificiality in imputing a specific
intention to an applicant for pre-action disclosure when in reality, it is
part and parcel of the obligation imposed on all parties to legal proceedings
not to abuse the court’s processes. It is sufficient to recognise that the
sole purpose of pre-action disclosure is to obtain information to commence
proceedings in Singapore, and the use of the information elsewhere, including
the UK proceedings, would be for a collateral purpose and therefore an abuse
of process.

43 Although this holding would be sufficient to dispose of the appeal, we also
found on the facts of this case that there was an additional basis to ground
our finding of abuse of process, ie, that the appellant did not have any
genuine intention to commence proceedings against the respondent in Singapore
when it filed OS 533.

44 We recognise that the English courts appeared to have accepted that the
appellant did hold a provisional intention to commence proceedings against the
respondent in Singapore prior to August 2018, when the appellant applied to
join the respondent in the UK proceedings (see ED&F Man Capital Markets
Limited v Come Harvest Holdings Limited and others [2019] EWHC 1661 (Comm) at
[45]–[47] and ED&F Man Capital Markets Ltd v Straits (Singapore) Pte Limited
[2019] EWCA Civ 2073 at [18]–[19]). However, that observation was made in the
context of the appellant’s submission that while it had held that provisional
intention, it was entitled to change its mind and pursue the claim against the
respondent in the UK proceedings instead. This submission was in aid of its
case that England was the most appropriate forum notwithstanding its initial
intention to commence proceedings against the respondent in Singapore. In
other words, the observation by the English courts was not made in the context
of any argument by the respondent that the appellant never held such an
intention in the first place or that there was no likely prospect of the
appellant commencing the action against the respondent in Singapore when OS
533 was filed. That argument was simply not before the English courts.
Instead, the focus of the parties’ submissions before the English courts was
whether the appellant was entitled to change its minds as regards the forum to
sue the respondent.

45 Unlike the UK proceedings, the issue as to whether the appellant had held a
genuine intention to commence proceedings against the respondent in Singapore
when OS 533 was filed is directly relevant to this court as any application
for pre-action disclosure can only proceed on the premise of contemplated
proceedings in Singapore. Hence, it was imperative for this court to undertake
a detailed analysis of the evidence with reference to the contemplated causes
of action against the respondent. For the reasons set out below, we arrived at
a different view from the English courts.

No likely prospect of subsequent proceedings in Singapore

46 The appellant claimed that it had originally held the intention to commence
proceedings in Singapore and then changed its mind when the Companies became
contactable. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

JROA 3L 228–229 (Hawksworth’s 3rd affidavit para 43).

We did not think this was borne out by the facts before us. Instead, it
appeared that at the time of filing OS 533, the appellant did not genuinely
contemplate commencing an action against the respondent in Singapore even if
the application had been successful. Had the appellant genuinely contemplated
proceedings in Singapore, it would first have to consider the viability of any
claim against the respondent in Singapore based on the information that was
available to it at the time.

47 As we stated above (at [30]), in an application for pre-action disclosure,
the applicant is required to indicate what potential causes of action it may
pursue against the respondent. What were the possible actions which the
appellant contemplated when it filed OS 533? The appellant had no claim in
contract because the parties did not have any contractual relationship with
each other. The only conceivable causes of action would have been in tort.
Before the AR, the appellant raised the torts of conspiracy and dishonest
assistance and at one hearing it may have raised a potential cause of action
in knowing receipt. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

JROA 3Q 70–71 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 69); 4B 21–22 (Appellant’s submissions
in OS 533 para 58); 4B 83 (Respondent’s submissions in OS 533 para 110); 3H 20
(NEs 7 March 2018).

At the hearing before us, Mr Pillai also raised the tort of deceit or
misrepresentation. However, the new alleged claims in deceit and
misrepresentation would appear to be plainly unsustainable as the parties did
not have any interaction prior to January 2017. Mr Pillai conceded that there
could not have been a viable claim in deceit or misrepresentation as there
were no direct dealings between the parties.

48 The Companies were the middlemen in the transactions involving the
Commodities and the appellant had always acknowledged that any contemplated
action would involve the Companies. The discovery and interrogatories it
sought in OS 533 largely concerned the relationship between the respondent and
the Companies, such as transfer documents and correspondence. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

JROA 2 15 (OS 533 Schedule A).

In its affidavits filed in support of OS 533, the appellant stated that pre-
action disclosure was necessary to identify if the Companies were involved or
complicit in a potential fraud. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

JROA 3A 11 (Riley’s 1st affidavit para 42) 154 (Riley’s 2nd affidavit para
42).

As the AR noted, the appellant did not even allege that the respondent had
been complicit in the fraud or had been dishonest. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

JROA 3Q 73 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 71).

In fact, in a later affidavit filed to explain its conduct of the UK
proceedings, the appellant took the position that it “has always been of the
view that [the Companies] may have been involved in the forgery of warehouse
receipts and/or the potential fraud” and it filed OS 533 to answer questions
about how the forgery or fraud had been perpetrated and whether third parties
were involved. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

JROA 3E 43–44 (Hawksworth’s 1st affidavit paras 13–14)

49 The appellant had never expressly indicated that it intended to bring an
action solely against the respondent in Singapore. This is only logical since
any contemplated tortious claim against the respondent in Singapore should
include the main protagonists, the Companies. While there is no rule that
every alleged conspirator must be sued for an action in conspiracy to succeed,
if the party omitted from the suit is a protagonist, the plaintiff may find it
difficult to prove its case as a matter of evidence (JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v
Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2020] SGCA 54 at [88]). It was not
disputed that the Companies would be the main wrongdoers in any action for
fraud or conspiracy, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

JROA 3Q 28 (NEs 14 June 2018); 38 (NEs 13 August 2018).

and so the exclusion of the Companies from an action against the respondent
would be fatal to any claim in conspiracy. Indeed, this was corroborated by
the appellant’s commencement of the UK proceedings against the Companies.

50 As for knowing receipt, while we accepted that such a claim could be
brought against the respondent alone without the Companies (see Relfo Ltd (in
liquidation) v Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani [2008] 4 SLR(R) 657 (“Relfo Ltd”) at
[51]), there was simply no factual assertion or evidential substratum to
support any such claim before us.

51 First, the appellant’s submissions before the AR were focused on the torts
of conspiracy and dishonest assistance, and knowing receipt was only raised in
passing at a previous hearing. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

JROA 3Q 70–71 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 69); 4B 21–22 (Appellant’s submissions
in OS 533 para 58); 4B 83 (Respondent’s submissions in OS 533 para 110); 3H 20
(NEs 7 March 2018).

Second, in order to establish a claim in knowing receipt the appellant would
have had to establish the following elements (Relfo Ltd at [21]):

(a) that the appellant’s assets had been disposed of in breach of trust and/or
fiduciary duty;

(b) that the respondent had beneficially received assets which were traceable
as representing the assets of the appellant that had been wrongfully disposed
of; and

(c) that the respondent had knowledge that the assets that it had received
were traceable to a breach of trust or fiduciary duty such that it would make
it unconscionable for the respondent to retain the benefit of the assets.

52 It is thus crucial that there must be some material to the effect that the
respondent had received assets which are traceable to the assets of the
appellant. However, there was no such assertion raised by the appellant
against the respondent. In short, there was simply no material before us to
support a claim in knowing receipt, ie, it was a non-starter. Perhaps this
might explain why the claim in knowing receipt was raised only in passing.

53 In our view, the appellant did not and could not have contemplated
commencing proceedings in Singapore solely against the respondent. This is
because any claim against the respondent would necessarily include the
Companies and a claim against them in Singapore would be confronted by the
exclusive jurisdiction clauses in the contracts governing the repurchasing
agreements: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

JROA 3A 33–34 (Commodities Sale and Purchase Master Agreement between the
appellant and Come Harvest dated 29 April 2016); 47–48 (Commodities Sale and
Purchase Master Agreement between the appellant and Mega Wealth dated 13 June
2016).

15\. Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Arbitration

(a) Except for any dispute relating to Exchange Contract and as provided in
clause 15(d) below, this Agreement and any disputes or claims arising out of
or in connection with its subject matter or formation (including non-
contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the law of England and Wales.

(b) Subject to other provisions in this clause 15, [the appellant and the
Companies] irrevocably agree that the courts of England have exclusive
jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in
connection with this Agreement, its subject matter or formation (including
non-contractual disputes or claims).

54 In Vinmar ([37] supra), this court held that where there is an exclusive
jurisdiction clause in a contract, the court would lean in favour of granting
a stay of proceedings so as to give effect to the parties’ agreement to bring
all disputes within the scope of that agreement to the agreed forum (at
[114]). A stay would only be refused if the party resisting the stay could
demonstrate strong cause (at [112]). It is not disputed that any claims the
appellant might have against the Companies are governed by the exclusive
jurisdiction clauses. Had the appellant brought claims against the respondent
and the Companies in Singapore, in all likelihood, the Companies would have
been able to obtain a stay.

55 Since there was no realistic prospect of the appellant commencing action
solely against the respondent in Singapore, the inference is that OS 533 was
filed to obtain documents and information in aid of the UK proceedings. This
inference is substantiated by the following sequence of events.

56 OS 533 was filed on 17 May 2017. The appellant claimed that at that time,
it held the provisional intention to commence suit against the respondent in
Singapore because the Companies were not contactable. This is plainly
untenable.

57 While OS 533 was pending hearing before the AR (it was eventually heard on
14 May 2018 and 14 June 2018, and decided on 13 August 2018), 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

JROA 3Q 44 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 2).

the appellant commenced the UK proceedings against the Companies. The
commencement of the UK proceedings, on 21 December 2017, is very significant
because by that date at the very least, the appellant must have recognised
that the primary defendants were the Companies and decided to pursue them.
Significantly, the appellant reached that decision without the benefit of any
pre-‍action disclosure order since OS 533 was still pending. By commencing the
UK proceedings, the appellant had effectively ruled out any realistic prospect
of suing the respondent in Singapore. Yet when the application was heard
before the AR, the appellant held the view that there was no necessity to
disclose the UK proceedings to the court. The AR found the omission
“troubling” 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

JROA 3Q 73 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 76).

while the Judge observed that such omission “came close to crossing the line
on sharp practice”: GD at [60]. In our view, the line was crossed. The non-
disclosure of the UK proceedings was both deliberate and material.

58 It was material because the nature of pre-action disclosure is sensitive to
the identity of the forum where the action is to be brought (see [40] above).
The existence of the UK proceedings was clearly material and relevant in the
exercise of the court’s discretion, in so far as it could demonstrate that the
appellant had no genuine intention to commence an action in Singapore, and
that OS 533 was thus brought for the collateral purpose of obtaining documents
in support of foreign proceedings. For the reasons stated above, had the
court’s attention been drawn to this fact, it would have concluded that no
action against the respondent in Singapore could have been contemplated by the
appellant and that would have been another ground on which to dismiss the
application.

59 In proceeding with OS 533, the appellant had implicitly represented to the
court that it still intended to commence proceedings against the respondent in
Singapore despite knowing that this was not the case or at the very least no
longer the case. It informed the AR that the UK proceedings only involved the
Companies and not the respondent, highlighted that the causes of action did
not involve conspiracy, and stated that it might not be able to obtain
discovery against the respondent in the UK. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

JROA 3Q 28 (NEs 14 June 2018); 3Q 39 (NEs 13 August 2018).

By painting the UK proceedings as separate and unrelated to OS 533, it
represented that it would pursue an action against the respondent in Singapore
only.

60 OS 533 was fixed for three separate days of hearing in part because the
appellant’s initial refusal to elaborate on the UK proceedings in an affidavit
led to an adjournment. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

JROA 3P 258 (NEs 18 May 2018); 3Q 51–52 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 21).

By the third and final hearing on 13 August 2018 when the AR gave her
decision, the Companies had already filed their defence in the UK proceedings.
That should have alerted the appellant to the fact that the action would be
fought in the UK and it should have disclosed this information to the AR.
Instead, the AR was under the impression that the Companies had yet to file
their defence despite numerous extensions of time. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

JROA 3Q 52 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 21(e)); 73 (NEs 13 August 2018 para 75).

61 It was fallacious for the appellant to claim that no representation was
made when it commenced OS 533 because a pre-action disclosure application
could have revealed another forum which was more appropriate for the action.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

See Appellant’s case para 5.2.6.

The appellant knew well before OS 533 was filed that its claim against the
Companies was subject to the exclusive jurisdiction clauses. The contracts
were in its possession and had been annexed to its affidavits in support of OS
533. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

JROA 3A 5 (Riley’s 1st affidavit para 12).

Besides, the appellant did not demonstrate how the disclosed documents aided
the appellant to decide that the claim against the respondent should be
brought in the UK instead of Singapore. This assertion, in our view, was a
contrived afterthought in an attempt to justify the improper use of the
disclosed documents.

62 In light of the above, it appeared to us that, from the outset of the pre-
action disclosure application, the appellant did not genuinely contemplate
proceeding against the respondent in Singapore. We add that this finding is
consistent with the AR’s finding that the appellant’s claims against the
respondent in conspiracy and dishonest assistance were “speculative” (see [16]
above). It would have been apparent to the appellant that any action would
have to include the Companies and would thus have to be commenced before the
English courts. Not only did it fail to disclose this information in court, it
implicitly represented to the court that it would not commence proceedings
against the respondent in the UK so that it could continue with its pre-action
disclosure application.

63 The application for pre-action disclosure was an attempt to obtain
documents and information to assist the appellant in the UK proceedings. That
is not the purpose of the pre-action disclosure regime and the use of the
disclosed documents in the UK proceedings therefore amounted to an abuse of
process and could not be permitted to continue.

The rationale and ambit of the Riddick principle

64 Given our decision that the injunction should be maintained on grounds of
abuse of process, it is not strictly necessary to address the respondent’s
alternative argument that use of the documents should also be enjoined under
the Riddick principle, but we address it for completeness.

65 The Judge accepted the argument that the Riddick principle applied to the
disclosed documents because in the context of pre-action disclosure, they
could not be said to have been voluntarily disclosed: GD at [33] to [35]. With
respect, we disagree with the Judge that the Riddick principle can apply to
the disclosed documents in the absence of an order compelling discovery.

66 The Riddick principle states that a party who discloses a document in
discovery in an action under compulsion is entitled to the protection of the
court against any use of the document otherwise than in that action (Hong Lam
Marine Pte Ltd and another v Koh Chye Heng [1998] 3 SLR(R) 526 (“Hong Lam
Marine”) at [14]; Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG [2005] 3 SLR(R) 555 at
[14]). The principle derives its name from the decision of the English Court
of Appeal in Riddick v Thames Board Mills Ltd [1974] 1 QB 881 (“Riddick”). In
articulating the rationale for the principle, Lord Denning MR observed that
the court was balancing the public interest in discovering the truth and
maintaining the disclosing party’s privacy and confidentiality (at 895–896):

The reason for compelling discovery of documents in this way lies in the
public interest in discovering the truth so that justice may be done between
the parties. …. The balance comes down in the ordinary way in favour of the
public interest of discovering the truth, i.e., in making full disclosure. …

I proceed to hold the balance in the present case. On the one hand discovery
has been had in the first action. It enabled that action to be disposed of.
The public interest there has served its purpose. Should it go further so as
to enable the memorandum of April 16, 1969, to be used for this libel action?
I think not. The memorandum was obtained by compulsion. Compulsion is an
invasion of a private right to keep one’s documents to oneself. The public
interest in privacy and confidence demands that this compulsion should not be
pressed further than the course of justice requires. The courts should,
therefore, not allow the other party — or anyone else — to use the documents
for any ulterior or alien purpose. Otherwise the courts themselves would be
doing injustice.

67 As Hobhouse J elaborated in Prudential Assurance ([22] supra) at 765:

The rational basis for the rule is that where one party compels another,
either by the enforcement of a rule of court or a specific order of the court,
to disclose documents or information whether that other wishes to or not, the
party obtaining the disclosure is given this power because the invasion of the
other party’s rights has to give way to the need to do justice between those
parties in the pending litigation between them; it follows from this that the
results of such compulsion should likewise be limited to the purpose for which
the order was made, namely, the purposes of that litigation then before the
court between those parties and not for any other litigation or matter or any
collateral purpose…

It was argued before me that the compulsion principle is not simply confined
to orders which require the disclosure of documents or information. In
litigation a party may be subjected to orders or rules of procedure which
require him to do various things or take various steps in the action. It was
argued that whenever a party was in this position he was acting under a
compulsion which brought the implied undertaking into force. This argument can
be attractively developed. It is said that many things in actions are done
because a party is ordered or otherwise required to do them. They are required
to deliver pleadings, swear and lodge affidavits, call witnesses, or, in the
present context, serve advance copies of the evidence upon which he proposes
to rely at the trial. In all these situations the practical sanction is
similar to that which arises from a failure to give discovery or respond to
other orders. The primary sanction that the court imposes is to strike out the
claim or the defence. If a party fails to deliver a pleading or to lodge or
adduce evidence he will fail to protect his rights and the other party’s
claims or defences will prevail. The outcome for the litigant is in practical
terms the same. However in legal terms this is not correct. There is
distinction between orders, the breach of which is a contempt of court and
those orders or rules which merely give rise to a default. The principle of
compulsion applies in the former category only.

68 As these cases demonstrate, the Riddick principle is not engaged simply
because information has been disclosed in the course of court proceedings. The
critical factor is the element of compulsion that accompanies the discovery
(see also Hong Lam Marine at [19] and [21], Derby & Co Ltd & Others v Weldon &
Others The Times (20 October 1988) (“Derby”) at 5–6). It does not apply to
disclosure that is voluntary and we elaborate on voluntariness below (see
[82]).

69 We should explain that it is not invariably necessary for a breach of the
court order to be punishable by contempt of court to engage the Riddick
principle. One party’s breach of its general discovery obligation is a default
that may lead the other party to apply for specific discovery or a peremptory
order. Such a breach would constitute a default of the rules of court but it
will typically not attract contempt of court as the first response to the
default. It is nonetheless accepted that documents disclosed pursuant to
general discovery are covered by the Riddick principle; in Riddick itself the
document in question was disclosed pursuant to general discovery in an earlier
suit (at 891F), while in Sim Leng Chua v Manghardt [1987] SLR(R) 52, Chan Sek
Keong JC (as he then was) held that the Riddick principle applied to a
document disclosed “pursuant to the usual orders for discovery of documents”
made in an earlier action (at [1]). The Riddick principle naturally applies
with greater force where there is an order for specific discovery or
production of specific documents because the element of compulsion is direct
and targeted and a breach of a specific discovery order could, in the proper
circumstances, amount to contempt of court. In this court’s decision in BNX v
BOE and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 215 (“BNX v BOE”), it was held that
disclosure of documents pursuant to a court order for production of that
specific document was disclosure compelled by court order, and that the
Riddick principle applied (at [66]–[69]).

70 Given the necessity of the element of compulsion, the Riddick principle
does not apply to any and all disclosure obtained in the course of court
proceedings per se. It remains necessary to inquire whether the discovery was
compelled. At the hearing before us, Mr Toh cited the decision of Tay Yong
Kwang J (as he then was) in Haywood Management Ltd v Eagle Aero Technology Pte
Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 478 (“Haywood”) as authority for the proposition that the
Riddick principle can apply to pre-action disclosure. Haywood involved an
application for pre-action discovery of documents. In allowing the
application, Tay J observed that the court was entitled to take into account
the fact that the applicant was legally obliged not to use the disclosed
documents for any extraneous purpose by reason of the Riddick principle (at
[59]). Haywood, however, did not assist the respondent because Tay J’s
observations applied to documents that were disclosed pursuant to a pre-action
discovery order. In other words, there is no question that the Riddick
principle can apply to disclosure made in the context of an application for
pre-action discovery provided the documents were ordered to be disclosed, ie,
under compulsion. Since the disclosed documents in the present case were not
disclosed pursuant to an order of court, the Riddick principle was not
engaged.

71 Mr Toh suggested that the Riddick principle was engaged because it should
be applied to the pre-action disclosure regime with modifications. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Respondent’s case para 67.

The Judge was also of the view that the Riddick principle could apply with the
modification that, in the context of pre-action disclosure, the public
interest in protecting the respondent’s privacy and confidentiality featured
more heavily in the balancing exercise: GD at [32]. With respect, we disagree.
There was no principled basis to extend the Riddick principle to apply to
documents which were not ordered to be disclosed but were instead disclosed by
a party to resist a pre-action disclosure application. The Riddick principle
was developed to balance competing public interests in the context of
discovery made under compulsion, and it has no application where there is no
court order compelling the disclosure.

72 We should add, as we have explained in some detail above, that the mere
fact that the appellant’s use of the disclosed documents in the UK proceedings
was not in breach of the Riddick principle does not mean that it was not an
abuse of process. As we stated earlier, abuse of process is a broad concept
that permeates all of civil procedure.

73 In fact, as we explained at the hearing, the Riddick principle is
essentially an expression of the doctrine of abuse of process. Riddick
involved an action for libel brought by Mr Riddick after he had been dismissed
by his former employer on the basis of a memorandum. The memorandum had been
disclosed in discovery in Mr Riddick’s previous unsuccessful suit against the
employer for wrongful arrest and false imprisonment. One of the defences put
forth by the employer was that the use of the memorandum in the libel action
was an abuse of process of the court (at 902C). In identifying what became
known as the Riddick principle, Lord Denning MR held that the courts should
not allow any party to use documents disclosed under compulsion “for any
ulterior or alien purpose” (at 896D). As we set out above, the commencement of
litigation for a collateral purpose is an instance where the court will find
an abuse of process.

74 The notion that the Riddick principle is a subset of the doctrine of abuse
of process is evident in the judgment of Stephenson LJ in Riddick (at
902F–‍903A):

… [I]n my judgment the court has and should generally use the power to protect
parties who make full and frank disclosure of documents, and the public
interest in such disclosure, by discouraging the use by a plaintiff in a later
action of a document obtained on discovery in an earlier action. If the court
can require an undertaking from a plaintiff not to misuse a document before it
is produced to him, it should have the power to restrain him from misusing it
after it has been produced. And if he misuses it before the court restrains
him why should the court allow itself to be used to countenance his misuse of
it? I think it is entitled and indeed bound to refuse him help and to regard
his attempt to get it as an abuse of its process.

I would therefore allow the appeal on this ground. There may be cases in which
a plaintiff would be justified in bringing an action on a document disclosed
in an earlier action. I do not say that it could never be done without abusing
the process of the court. But generally speaking, it would be an abuse of its
process and in the circumstances of this case the plaintiff’s use of this
memorandum is an improper use which the court should not countenance.

[emphasis added]

75 Similarly, Waller LJ observed (at 912C):

I am of the opinion that to use this document, which had been compulsorily
disclosed in other proceedings, is an abuse of the process of the court and it
would be contrary to public policy to allow it to be used in these
proceedings.

[emphasis added]

76 The restriction was conceived as an expression of the obligation to prevent
collateral or alien use of the process of the court. In that regard, we agree
with the Judge that the justification of the Riddick principle as an implied
undertaking to the court not to use documents obtained by compulsion for an
ulterior purpose does not reflect the actual basis for the restriction: see GD
at [25]. The Judge opined that it would be preferable to confront potential
abuses of the court process directly and characterise the restriction as an
obligation imposed by the court to protect against an abuse of process, but
was of the view that he was bound by other decisions of this court to utilise
the formulation of an implied undertaking: GD at [25]. While in the present
context we see little difference in substance between an obligation imposed by
the court and an implied undertaking to the court, we agree that the court
should confront abuses of process directly rather than impute specific
intentions to parties. In this context, it has been demonstrated that the sole
purpose of pre-action disclosure is to obtain information to commence
proceedings in Singapore, and the use of the information elsewhere, including
the UK proceedings, would be for a collateral purpose and therefore an abuse
of process (see [42] above). In our view, this can provide the premise to
establish an abuse of process without extending the Riddick principle.

77 The respondent also relied on the Judge’s decision that, applying the
English decision of Prudential Assurance ([22] supra), an obligation analogous
to that under the Riddick principle could apply to enjoin the use of the
disclosed documents if, on a true construction of the rules of court, any
rights of confidentiality or privilege in the documents and information had
been reserved: GD at [35]. The Judge was of the view that the rules allowing
for pre-action disclosure were intended to serve the policy goals of saving
unnecessary costs and avoiding needless claims in relation to actual or
anticipated proceedings in Singapore: GD at [38]. In that context, an
obligation arose to enjoin the use of the disclosed documents.

78 The documents in Prudential Assurance were witness statements and an expert
report that had been served by the plaintiffs on the defendant prior to trial
pursuant to the relevant English rules of court. As the matter was settled
before trial, the witnesses never testified and the documents were not used in
open court. The defendant subsequently participated in separate proceedings in
Texas and sought to use those documents, but the plaintiffs objected. Hobhouse
J held that the Riddick principle did not apply because there was no
compulsion (see [67] above), but observed (at 770):

… [I]f the… plaintiffs are to succeed on this line of argument it must be by
the demonstration of a duty owed to the court, analogous to that owed under
the implied undertaking [ie, the Riddick principle], which derives from the
circumstances of the case and in particular as a matter of implication from
the relevant rules of court. … Prima facie, the use of documents and
information in litigation is inconsistent with any such restriction or the
reservation of any private law right. However, such restrictions are capable
of existing and where they do they derive from rules of procedure or
principles of law recognised by the courts as being incidents of such
procedure.

79 Hobhouse J then examined the relevant English rules of court. While the
rule governing expert reports stated that the recipient was entitled to use
the expert report in unqualified terms, the rule that governed witness
statements provided that where a party serving the statement did not call the
witness to whose evidence it relates, no other party may use the statement in
evidence at trial. Therefore, expert reports could be used in other actions
but witness statements remained privileged (at 773).

80 To the extent that Hobhouse J referred to the existence of a duty deriving
from the circumstances of the case and the relevant rules of court (at 770B),
we believe he was essentially relying on the broad concept of abuse of
process. The inference from the rule governing witness statements was that the
statements would be served on the other party so that it may be put in
evidence at the trial if the witness was called to give evidence (at 773E).
Apart from the trial, “the receiving party and his solicitor may not use the
material nor allow it to be used for any purpose other than the proper conduct
of that action on behalf of the receiving party and may not use it or allow it
to be used for any collateral or ulterior purpose” (at 773F). The purpose of
the witness statement was for its use at that same trial and, as there was no
trial, the statements should not have been used for the collateral purpose of
an action elsewhere. While we accept that the decision in Prudential Assurance
was another expression of the doctrine of abuse of process, we do not think it
is necessary to ground our decision on an obligation analogous to that under
the Riddick principle. In our judgment, it would suffice to rely on the broad
doctrine of abuse of process without needing to extend the Riddick principle
or to recognise an obligation analogous to it.

Involuntary disclosure in relation to pre-action disclosure

81 In his discussion of the Riddick principle, the Judge considered voluntary
disclosure to be an “exception” to the Riddick principle: GD at [27]. The
appellant, too, referred to the “voluntariness exception” to the Riddick
principle. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Appellant’s case para 4.3.4.

Strictly speaking, that is not correct. Voluntariness is not an exception to
the Riddick principle; the principle simply has no application to documents
that have been voluntarily disclosed: GD at [26] and see BNX v BOE ([69]
supra) at [66]. We found that the Riddick principle was not engaged because
the subject documents were not disclosed under compulsion of a court order.
For completeness, however, and since this point featured prominently in the
parties’ submissions, we explain why notwithstanding the inapplicability of
the Riddick principle, we did not regard the respondent’s disclosure to be
voluntary in any event.

82 We did not accept the appellant’s submission that the fact that the
documents were not disclosed by compulsion of an order of court rendered the
disclosure voluntary. In determining whether the discovery was voluntary or
otherwise, the court must examine the context under which the disclosure was
made.

83 In pre-action disclosure, as there is no pleaded cause of action, there is
no pleaded reference point to assess relevance (see [30] above). A party
resisting pre-action disclosure would necessarily have to file an affidavit to
provide sufficient context to explain why the application should be refused.
In so doing, it is to be expected that such a party may have to exhibit
documents and provide background information, and the documents and
information may well form part of what was being sought in the pre-action
disclosure application. It cannot be denied, and Mr Pillai did not contest
this point before us, that a respondent who fails to file an affidavit or
provide sufficient information would risk an order for pre-action disclosure
being made against it.

84 Mr Pillai cited the English decision of Derby ([68] supra), which concerned
documents disclosed by the respondents to resist an application by the Salomon
Group for a Mareva injunction. The respondents’ affidavits attempted to show
that the Salomon Group did not have a good arguable case and that the
respondents were unlikely to dissipate their assets. A third party
subsequently obtained a subpoena against the Salomon Group to produce these
affidavits in proceedings in New York. The respondents resisted this and
submitted that there was an implied obligation on the Salomon Group not to
disclose those documents based on the Riddick principle. Sir Nicholas Browne-
Wilkinson VC rejected that submission (at 5–6):

[Counsel for the respondents] submits that even though the documents were not
disclosed under compulsion of a Court Order or Court procedure, there is an
implied obligation on the Salomon Group not to disclose those documents at
least until they have been used in open Court. I reject that submission
without any hesitation. There is no trace of the existence of any such
obligation in any authority. Indeed, the whole development of the law relating
to the implied undertaking affecting documents disclosed on discovery would
have been quite unnecessary had any such general principle… existed in English
law.

The voluntary disclosure of documents in the course of interlocutory
proceedings by a party does not come within the rationale which is the basis
of the implied undertaking relating to documents disclosed on discovery. In
relation to documents voluntarily disclosed the court has not invaded the
privacy of the party. The party has, for his own purposes in defending a case,
decided himself to use the documents rather than maintain his privacy. It is
the party who has destroyed the privacy of the document, not the plaintiff or
the court …

85 He then explained why he found that the disclosure of the affidavits had
been done voluntarily and the Riddick principle did not apply (Derby at 6):

In this case Salomon Group made no demand for documents of this class from
[the respondents]. The documents were thrust upon them in the form of
affidavits and exhibits by [the respondents]. It is true, as [counsel for the
respondents] says, that apart from litigation the [respondents] would not have
disclosed the documents. They had the unhappy choice of deciding whether to
defend the proceedings at that stage maintaining that privacy, or to put in
the documents. But it is an unavoidable consequence of all litigation that a
party who chooses to put in evidence, necessarily risks that such evidence
becomes available to others.

[emphasis added]

86 Mr Pillai submitted that Derby was authority for the proposition that
affidavits filed to resist an application would be treated as having been
filed voluntarily. As the specific issue in Derby was strictly not before us,
it is not necessary for this court to express any concluded view as to whether
documents disclosed to resist an application for a Mareva injunction in one
action could be used for another unrelated action. Nonetheless, we did not
think that Derby assisted the appellant’s argument. In our view, the context
of pre-action disclosure matters. The entire purpose of the application was to
obtain discovery and interrogatories. The disclosed documents contained some
of the documents and all of the information that the appellant had requested
in OS 533. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Respondent’s case para 10.

In this context, we could not accept the submission that the disclosed
documents were thrust upon the appellant voluntarily when the appellant had
initiated court proceedings precisely to obtain them.

87 Mr Pillai also submitted that the disclosure was voluntary because the
respondent did not disclose all the documents sought in OS 533 and only chose
some to disclose. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Appellant’s case para 4.4.4.

The fact that the party “chose” what to disclose could not make it voluntary.
In general discovery, the documents disclosed are likewise “chosen” by a party
to comply with its discovery obligations but it would be plainly incorrect to
describe such discovery as “voluntary”. We recognise that this may not be an
analogous situation, as general discovery is given pursuant to an order of
court (see [69] above and O 24 r 1(1) read with O 25 r 8(1)(a) of the Rules of
Court), but it shows that even under compulsion of court or the rules of
court, an element of choice is inherently involved. In disclosing the
documents with the sole object to defeat OS 533, the respondent could not be
regarded as having given up its rights of confidentiality in respect of the
disclosed documents.

88 As for the respondent’s description of its own actions as “voluntary” in
the course of proceedings before the AR, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Appellant’s case para 4.4.6.

we agree with the Judge that this was in the context of demonstrating its
cooperativeness with the court process: GD at [34]. Certainly, the
respondent’s willingness to disclose some information was of assistance to the
AR in reaching her decision in OS 533.

89 Disclosure that is not made pursuant to a court order is not necessarily a
voluntary one. Upon discovery of the fraud, the appellant had reached out to
the respondent seeking documents and information relating to its relationship
with the Companies (see [10] above). Had the respondent replied at that time
with the disclosed documents, there would have been no question that such
action would be viewed as voluntary, but the respondent did not do so.
Instead, its solicitors replied that it was refusing to provide the requested
documents and information and this led to the commencement of OS 533. In that
context, we find it difficult to accept that the disclosure was voluntary. In
contrast, for example, the question of voluntariness in Hong Lam Marine ([66]
supra) involved an affidavit that had been filed in support of the appointment
of provisional liquidators in winding-up proceedings (at [26]). An assessment
of voluntariness in court proceedings must thus be situated in the proper
context.

90 The appellant also claimed that the disclosed documents were voluntarily
provided to prevent “further disclosure”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Appellant’s case para 4.4.1.

This is plainly wrong. They were provided to show that there was no legitimate
basis to order any pre-action disclosure. The respondent made an express
reservation in He’s 1st affidavit that the disclosure was to assist the court
and to demonstrate that the application should be dismissed (see [12] above).
The disclosure was without prejudice to the respondent’s position that the
appellant was not entitled to any of the information and documents sought in
the application.

91 An express reservation of rights also formed part of the basis of this
court’s decision in BNX v BOE ([69] supra), which involved BNX’s application
to adduce documents that it had obtained in a separate suit with a third
party, A.

92 This court rejected the BNX’s submission that the documents had been
voluntarily disclosed, and were thus not subject to the Riddick principle.
First, they had been disclosed pursuant to a court order for production in the
suit with A. A had therefore been compelled by a court order to produce the
documents, and the Riddick principle thus applied. Secondly, BOE’s inclusion
of the documents in their reply affidavit could not have released BNX from its
Riddick obligation (owed to A) as BOE was not a party to the suit (between BNX
and A) where the Riddick obligation had applied (at [67] to [68]). Further, in
resisting BNX’s application, BOE had exhibited the documents in their reply
affidavits with an express reservation (BNX v BOE at [68]):

For the avoidance of doubt, the [documents] are being provided
notwithstanding, and without prejudice to, [BOE’s] position that they should
not be admitted into the appeals… at all and that the present application
seeks to circumvent the requirement that [BNX] obtain leave of the Court in
[the suit between BNX and A] to use them for the purposes of the proceedings
against [BOE].

93 We accept that the reservation provided in BNX v BOE differs from the
present case as it was made, in that case, to preserve the Riddick obligation.
Here, the disclosure was not made in response to an order for disclosure but
the express reservation nonetheless demonstrated that the disclosure could not
possibly be regarded as voluntary since it was disclosed in order to defeat
the application. If the express reservation was insufficient to preserve the
respondent’s right of privacy in its documents, we cannot conceive of how else
the respondent could have protected its rights save by not filing an affidavit
at all and thereby risking the order being made. Confronted with these
options, the respondent’s disclosure of the documents could hardly be said to
be voluntary.

The open justice exception

94 The Judge also considered the open justice principle: GD at [44]. In light
of our decision, it was not necessary to examine whether the open justice
principle operates as an exception to the Riddick principle.

Conclusion

95 Our decision was that the appellant’s use of the disclosed documents in the
UK proceedings was an abuse of this court’s process given the manner and
context under which the disclosure was made. We affirmed the Judge’s order to
enjoin the appellant from using those documents and affidavits for that
purpose.

96 However, it should be made clear that nothing in our decision prevents the
appellant from independently seeking discovery of documents, including the
documents which are the subject matter of this appeal, from the respondent in
the UK proceedings. For avoidance of any doubt, the respondent is free to rely
on this order to resist the discovery.

97 For these reasons, we dismissed the appeal. After hearing parties on costs,
we ordered costs for the appeal and both summonses in favour of the respondent
fixed at $65,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Judith Prakash Steven Chong Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Prakash Pillai and Koh Junxiang (Clasis LLC) for the appellant;  
Toh Kian Sing SC, Ting Yong Hong and Davis Tan Yong Chuan (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

