Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCR 4

HC/S 959 of 2018  
HC/SUM 1938 of 2020

Between

| Genk Capital Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Applicant

And

| Zhang Changjie  
---|---  
  
… Defendant / Respondent

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Discovery of Documents – Confidentiality Undertaking]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Genk Capital Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Zhang Changjie

[2020] SGHCR 4

High Court — Suit No 959 of 2018 (Summons No 1938 of 2020)  
Justin Yeo AR  
28 May 2020

28 May 2020

Justin Yeo AR:

1 This judgment concerns an application relating to two clauses of a draft
confidentiality undertaking, to be executed prior to the discovery of
allegedly confidential documents under O 24 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, Rev Ed 2014) (“Rules of Court”).

Background

2 Genk Capital Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) is a proprietary trading firm
involved in the business of arbitrage and market-making in various financial
assets. In relation to iron ore, it trades in TSI Iron Ore CFR China (62% Fe
Fines) Index Futures and Iron Ore CFR China (62% Fe Fines) Swaps
(collectively, referred to as “SGX Iron Ore Futures”). Mr Zhang Changjie (“the
Defendant”) was formerly employed by the Plaintiff as a trader. In that
capacity, he traded in SGX Iron Ore Futures, making both screen trades and
over-the-counter trades. After resigning from the Plaintiff’s employ, the
Defendant commenced employment with a new firm, Megawell, and traded in SGX
Iron Ore Futures.

The Application

3 Given the nature of the documents involved in the present suit, the parties
agreed that the discovery of documents would be subject to the Defendant’s
execution of a confidentiality undertaking. After several rounds of
correspondence and exchanges of draft undertakings, the parties managed to
agree on most of the clauses in a draft confidentiality undertaking (“the
Undertaking”). The two clauses that they were unable to find agreement on were
Clauses 3 and 6 (reproduced below). The Plaintiff wished to include both
clauses in the Undertaking, while the Defendant rejected their inclusion.

…

NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH THAT [THE DEFENDANT] HEREBY:

…

3\. Undertakes that [the Defendant] may view the Allegedly Confidential
Disclosed Documents, only in the presence of his solicitors, for the purpose
of giving instructions to his solicitors in the Suit, and [the Defendant]
shall not take or retain any copies of the Allegedly Confidential Disclosed
Documents;

…

6\. Agrees [that the Plaintiff] shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other
equitable relief against [the Defendant] without proof of actual damage to
prevent any further or continuing breach of [the Defendant’s] obligations
under this Undertaking; …

…

4 The parties proposed to address the court at a pre-trial conference in
relation to whether the two clauses should be included in the Undertaking. It
transpired that the pre-trial conference had to be postponed in the light of
the COVID-19 (Coronavirus Disease 2019) situation, the “circuit breaker”
measures implemented in Singapore, as well as Supreme Court Registrar’s
Circulars No 4 and 5 of 2020. In the circumstances, and in view that the
discovery process would be further delayed if these issues remain unresolved,
the parties agreed to make the necessary application for the court’s
determination (with filing fees to be shared equally between the parties) and
to dispense with the need for affidavits. The parties further agreed to
proceed by way of written submissions and to dispense with the need for an
oral hearing of the application. In relation to the last mentioned point,
Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that there was no express legal prescription on
the procedure for determining the application, and that the Court had a
“generous measure of discretion” to use and dispense with procedural tools as
deemed appropriate (citing The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as
ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory
Pte Ltd and others, other parties) [2015] 5 SLR 1104 at [75(c)]). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Letter from Wong & Leow LLC, dated 13 May 2020, at paragraphs 5 to 8.

Plaintiff’s counsel further submitted that it would be appropriate to
determine the application without oral arguments given the limited nature of
the issues involved and the fact that both parties have consented to such an
arrangement. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Letter from Wong & Leow LLC, dated 13 May 2020, at paragraphs 5 to 8.

Defendant’s counsel agreed with Plaintiff’s counsel, and further stated that
the Court may rely on its inherent powers to make orders to prevent injustice,
the injustice in the present case being “long delays in discovery timelines as
a result of the need to await … a hearing date for the Application, which may
only be fixed after [the] circuit breaker [period] ends”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Letter from NLC Law Asia LLC, dated 14 May 2020, at paragraph 7.

5 On 20 May 2020, the parties electronically filed their written submissions
and respective bundles of documents and case authorities. On 21 May 2020,
Defendant’s counsel sought leave to file reply submissions in the light of
points raised in the Plaintiff’s submissions. I granted leave for both sides
to file reply submissions, and these were filed by 27 May 2020.

6 Having considered the parties’ submissions and reply submissions, I allow
Clause 3 but disallow Clause 6, for the reasons set out below. For
completeness, references to “Plaintiff’s counsel” and “Defendant’s counsel”
are references to counsel named on the cover sheet of the Plaintiff’s written
submissions dated 20 May 2020.

Clause 3 – Viewing documents only in presence of solicitors

7 Clause 3 requires that the Defendant undertake to view the “Allegedly
Confidential Disclosed Documents” only in the presence of Defendant’s counsel
and for the purpose of giving instructions in this suit. It further requires
that the Defendant shall not take or retain any copies of the documents.

8 Clause 3 must be read in the light of the Recitals in the Undertaking.

(a) Pursuant to Recital (C) of the Undertaking, the “Allegedly Confidential
Disclosed Documents” refer to information of a confidential character as
defined at paragraph 6A of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), as well as
other documents or information that the Plaintiff alleges are commercially
valuable and confidential to the Plaintiff. Paragraph 6A of the Statement of
Claim provides a non-exhaustive list of such allegedly confidential material.
These include information relating to the Plaintiff’s products and services
(eg trading ideas and strategies, trading software and algorithms, product
know-how, formulas, software code, etc), business model and commercial
strategies (eg how the Plaintiff offers more competitive prices than other
competitors), other business-related information (eg current and pending
business strategy and plans, markets and marketing methods, trading limits,
etc), brokerage agreements, and so on.

(b) Recital (D) of the Undertaking states that the Plaintiff will identify the
Allegedly Confidential Disclosed Documents in writing, such as by marking the
documents “Confidential” in the Plaintiff’s list(s) of documents filed in the
suit.

9 In the context of discovery, there is an oft-cited tension between (a) on
the one hand, the public interest in ensuring a fair trial where parties have
unfettered access to all relevant material; and (b) on the other, the
competing public interest in ensuring that confidential information is not
misused as a result of legal proceedings (see, eg, B2C2 Ltd v Quoine Pte Ltd
[2018] SGHC(I) 04 (“B2C2”) at [16] and Diacor Bioscience Incorporated Ltd v
Chan Wai Hon Billy [2015] HKCU 1853). This tension comes to the fore
particularly where the parties are direct competitors and the confidential
information in question is commercially valuable.

10 I pause here to acknowledge the observation by Defendant’s counsel that
B2C2 was a decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court, and the
case was subject to a different set of document disclosure rules. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s written reply submissions dated 27 May 2020, at paragraph 4.

Specifically, Defendant’s counsel pointed out that O 110 r 17(2)(b)(v) of the
Rules of Court (pursuant to which the Singapore International Commercial Court
may order production if there is no objection on compelling “grounds of
commercial or technical confidentiality”) has no express analogue in O 24 of
the Rules of Court. Nevertheless, B2C2 remains a relevant and useful authority
in the present case, particularly because the court surveyed a range of cases
in common law jurisdictions “having discovery rules equivalent to those in O
24”. Furthermore, the court in fact came to the conclusion that the guidance
obtained from the range of common law authorities was “equally applicable” to
the case at hand (see B2C2 at [17]–[20] and [35], and the authorities cited
therein).

11 Courts in common law jurisdictions have sought to balance the competing
public interests (see [9] above) through the application of various
principles. One such principle is the well-known principle in Riddick v Thames
Board Mills Ltd [1977] QB 881, ie, that documents disclosed in discovery can
only be used for the purposes of the action in relation to which discovery was
obtained. Over and above the Riddick principle, additional confidentiality
undertakings may be required depending on the circumstances of the case (see,
eg, the Supreme Court’s Intellectual Property Court Guide (issued pursuant to
Supreme Court Registrar’s Circular No 2 of 2013) at paragraphs 16 and 17). In
this regard, the Intellectual Property Court Guide highlights the possibility
of “confidentiality clubs”, which serve to facilitate the calibrated
disclosure of confidential information to specified individuals (eg
solicitors, experts or party representatives). There are, in fact, precedent
cases where a court has ordered that confidential information be disclosed
only to a party’s legal advisors and experts, but not the party itself (see,
eg, Sport Universal SA v ProZone Holdings Ltd [2003] EWHC 204 (“Sport
Universal SA”)), although such an order is “unusual” and there must be
“exceptional circumstances which would justify it” (Koger Inc v O’Donnell
[2009] IEHC 385 (“Koger”)).

12 Ultimately, whether confidentiality undertakings are required and, if so,
the appropriate terms of such undertakings depend on a judicious weighing of
the competing public interests and how justice can best be achieved on the
unique facts and circumstances of each case (see, eg, B2C2 at [21] and Roussel
Uclaf v Imperial Chemical Industries plc [1990] RPC 45 at 49).

13 In my view, Clause 3 strikes a suitable balance between the competing
public interests and provides an appropriate and proportionate confidentiality
safeguard, for three reasons.

(a) First, the Plaintiff has, in previous affidavits filed when seeking an
injunction in this suit, elaborated on the confidential nature of the
information. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s written reply submissions dated 27 May 2020, at p 2.

As those affidavits are sealed by order of court against access or use of any
person other than the parties and their counsel, I decline to go into further
detail in this judgment. It suffices to say that I am satisfied, at this
interlocutory stage, that the material appears confidential and deserving of
confidentiality safeguards. This, coupled with the fact that the Defendant is
presently employed by a competitor firm 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 7, and
Defendant’s written reply submissions dated 27 May 2020, at paragraph 8.

and trading in direct competition with the Plaintiff, means that there is
heightened risk that the confidentiality of the Allegedly Confidential
Disclosed Documents may be compromised. All of these weigh in favour of
instituting more-stringent safeguards for the Plaintiff’s disclosure of
confidential information.

(b) Second, Clause 3 does not unduly fetter the Defendant’s ability to conduct
his defence in this suit. To be clear, Clause 3 does not preclude disclosure
of the Allegedly Confidential Disclosed Documents to the Defendant; in other
words, Clause 3 does not seek the highly restrictive order made in Sport
Universal SA (see [11] above). Instead, what Clause 3 requires is that the
Defendant views these documents only in the presence of Defendant’s counsel,
for the purposes of instructing them as necessary. It also bears emphasis that
– pursuant to Clause 2 of the Undertaking – the Allegedly Confidential
Disclosed Documents can be disclosed to Defendant’s counsel (and support
staff) and, where necessary, to the Defendant’s potential or appointed experts
(and support staff) as well as the Defendant’s appointed witnesses.

(c) Third, while each case is to be determined on its own facts, it is notable
that Clause 3 finds precedent in Koger. In Koger, the court ordered disclosure
of the confidential material in question, subject to certain conditions of
which two are of particular relevance to the present application:

(i) the material must “remain within the custody of the [requesting party’s
solicitors] who must give an undertaking to the court that they will not part
company with such material or allow it to be copied in any way without the …
consent [of the party giving discovery] or leave of the court.”; and

(ii) the access to the material by the requesting party “will have to be in
the presence of the [requesting party’s] solicitors”.

14 I now turn to three other sets of arguments canvassed by the parties.
Ultimately, save for a qualification mentioned in [21(c)] and [27(c)] below,
these did not affect my view that Clause 3 ought to be included in the
Undertaking.

15 The first set of arguments concerns the relation between Clause 3 and the
deletion and destruction exercise previously ordered in this suit. By way of
background, the court had previously ordered that the Defendant delete or
destroy certain allegedly confidential material (referred to by the parties as
the “Downloaded Materials”) in his possession, custody and power. The purpose
of the deletion exercise was to ensure the removal of all traces of the
Downloaded Materials from the Defendant’s possession, custody and power. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 6(a).

Against this backdrop, Plaintiff’s counsel contended that it would be “absurd”
for the Defendant to now have custody of the Allegedly Confidential Disclosed
Documents, and that doing so would render the deletion exercise “completely
otiose”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 6(b).

In contrast, Defendant’s counsel contended that the Defendant had volunteered
for the deletion exercise “on the assumption that the usual discovery rules
would apply”, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendant’s written reply submissions dated 27 May 2020, at paragraph 15.

and that the deletion order did not address the issue of how the Downloaded
Materials would be dealt with during discovery. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendant’s written reply submissions dated 27 May 2020, at paragraph 14.

In my view, the fact that a deletion exercise was ordered in relation to
substantially the same documents constitutes, at the very least, an implicit
recognition of the risks associated with the Defendant having possession,
custody or power over these documents. Whether the Defendant had volunteered
for the deletion or assumed that the usual discovery process would take place
does not change the analysis in relation to whether – considered in all the
circumstances of the case – Clause 3 strikes a suitable balance between the
competing public interests as mentioned above.

16 The second set of arguments is Defendant’s counsel’s contention that courts
are less inclined to impose onerous confidentiality obligations where a party
seeks confidentiality protection over information voluntarily disclosed in
support of its case, as opposed to confidential documents that a party is
compelled to disclose. Defendant’s counsel cited Re Application for
Confidentiality Safeguards by TWG Tea Company Pte Ltd and Objection Thereto by
T2 Singapore Pte Ltd & Tea Too Pty Ltd [2019] SGIPOS 9 (“TWG Tea Company”) at
[29]–[30] in support of this contention. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 5.

The proposition is that the court should be slow to impose onerous
confidentiality obligations on the Allegedly Confidential Disclosed Documents,
given that these are being voluntarily disclosed by the Plaintiff as part of
the discovery process.

17 I reject this proposition. TWG Tea Company must be understood in its proper
context. In that case, the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore tribunal
was concerned with trade mark opposition proceedings, where there are no
discovery obligations and where each party typically voluntarily puts forward
evidence to support its position (TWG Tea Company at [21]–[22]). In that
situation, the tribunal found that an applicant seeking to rely on certain
figures to argue that it should be entitled to a monopoly over certain marks
should make such figures available to other traders against whom the
applicant’s monopoly may be asserted (TWG Tea Company at [30]). The tribunal’s
decision did not relate to the giving of discovery in the context of civil
litigation in the High Court.

18 In the present case, the Plaintiff is under an obligation, pursuant to O 24
of the Rules of Court, to give discovery of relevant documents that are within
its possession, custody and power. The Allegedly Confidential Disclosed
Documents are being disclosed pursuant to this obligation to give discovery.
It does not withstand scrutiny to contend that – in doing so – the Plaintiff
is “voluntarily” disclosing material (in the sense that the word was used in
TWG Tea Company), and therefore that the information disclosed is less
deserving of confidentiality safeguards. Indeed, to take such a position would
draw a puzzling and unprincipled distinction in the level of confidentiality
safeguards to be given to documents produced in general discovery (under O 24
r 1 of the Rules of Court) as compared to those sought in specific discovery
(under O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court).

19 The third set of arguments is Defendant’s counsel’s contention that Clause
3 is “impractical and severely prejudices the Defendant’s ability to prepare
for trial”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 11.

Different strands of this argument were woven into the Defendant’s submissions
and reply submissions, and may be summarised as three points:

(a) First, in modern litigation practice, discovery documents are often
conveyed electronically to clients, and instructions are taken through
electronic mail, text messaging, video conference or telephone calls.
Requiring the Defendant to view the Allegedly Confidential Disclosed Documents
only in the presence of Defendant’s counsel “would make the conduct of the
Suit extremely time-consuming, costly and cumbersome, if not impossible,
especially during the [COVID-19] circuit breaker period”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 11.

(b) Second, there would be an “onerous burden” on Defendant’s counsel to
review documents and determine if they contain Allegedly Disclosed Documents,
so as to make a decision on whether the documents can be forwarded to the
Defendant. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 11.

(c) Third, if the Plaintiff decides to classify all or almost all documents it
discloses as “Allegedly Confidential Disclosed Documents”, this would make the
conduct of the Defendant’s case extremely difficult. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s written reply submissions dated 27 May 2020, at paragraph 6.

20 I acknowledge that practical difficulties may arise in relation to
compliance with Clause 3, particularly in view that the COVID-19 situation
continues to evolve at the time of this judgment. Based on the press release
issued by the Ministry of Health on 19 May 2020, Singapore will exit the
“Circuit Breaker” when it ends on 1 June 2020 and embark on a three-phased
approach to resume activities safely. It is envisaged that in the first phase
(ie from 2 June 2020), Singapore will resume economic activities that do not
pose high risk of transmission; in this regard, legal services are referenced
in the list of businesses that can resume operations. Be that as it may, there
may be some uncertainty as to whether and when the Defendant can be in the
physical presence of Defendant’s counsel so as to view the Allegedly
Confidential Disclosed Documents, and whether this may in turn delay the
Defendant’s preparation for this suit.

21 However, these practical difficulties do not appear to be insurmountable.
In particular, they do not outweigh the factors in favour of including Clause
3 (see [13] above), for three reasons.

(a) First, there is currently no evidence or contention that the Defendant is
unable to comply with Clause 3 when the need to access the documents arises.
There is also no evidence or contention that it is necessary for the Defendant
to have personal access to the Allegedly Confidential Disclosed Documents
(without the physical presence of Defendant’s counsel) in the immediate or
near-term, and that without such access the preparations for the suit cannot
proceed.

(b) Second, while Clause 3 may create an added burden on the Defendant’s
counsel insofar as documentary review is concerned, there is no substantiation
on how and why such a burden is “onerous”. Indeed, the burden is mitigated in
view that Recital (D) of the Undertaking requires that the Plaintiff identify
the Allegedly Confidential Disclosed Documents in writing (see [7] above). In
any event, the added burden of documentary review is par for the course when
conducting litigation in cases (such as the present) involving sensitive and
confidential information.

(c) Third, in the event that the Defendant’s personal access to the Allegedly
Confidential Disclosed Documents (without the physical presence of Defendant’s
counsel) is necessary, and the Defendant is unable to comply with Clause 3 for
good reason, the Defendant is at liberty to propose – for the Plaintiff’s
consideration – a protocol enabling his personal access while providing
safeguards similar to those offered by Clause 3. The parties may, for
instance, agree on a protocol for the Defendant and Defendant’s counsel to
simultaneously view the Allegedly Confidential Disclosed Documents over remote
communication technology, coupled with undertakings to the effect that the
Defendant shall not take any photographs, recordings, copies or screen
captures of those documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the immediately
preceding suggestion does not imply this court’s endorsement of the
sufficiency of the described arrangement; it merely illustrates that
leveraging technology may help overcome certain practical difficulties in
complying with Clause 3. If such a protocol should become necessary and the
parties are unable to agree on its modalities, either party shall be at
liberty to apply to the court for guidance or for a decision on the matter.

(d) Fourth, the Undertaking is, pursuant to Recital (E) therein, without
prejudice to the Defendant’s position that the Allegedly Confidential
Disclosed Documents are neither commercially valuable nor confidential, and
subject always to the Defendant’s right to apply to court to modify the
obligations if necessary.

22 I therefore allow Clause 3 to remain as part of the Undertaking. I also
make an express order giving effect to [21(c)] above, as stated in [27(c)]
below.

Clause 6 – Entitlement to seek injunctive relief

23 Clause 6 of the Undertaking states that the Plaintiff shall be entitled to
seek injunctive or other equitable relief against the Defendant without proof
of actual damage to prevent any further or continuing breach of the
Defendant’s obligations under the Undertaking.

24 The Plaintiff’s position is that even without Clause 6, the Plaintiff has
the right to seek injunctive relief as it deems fit and, in so doing, must
show the Court that such relief is warranted. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 8.

The Plaintiff’s rationale for including Clause 6 is to “reinforce” the
Plaintiff’s right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief, and to pre-
empt arguments that the Defendant’s threatened or actual breach of the
Undertaking is not serious because no actual damage occurred. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 11.

The Plaintiff further clarified that it was not asking the Defendant to
consent to the injunctive relief itself. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 20 May 2020, at paragraph 10.

25 The Defendant objected to Clause 6 on two main grounds:

(a) First, it is unclear whether the “injunctive relief” sought is an
interlocutory injunction, a permanent injunction, or both. It is also unclear
what “equitable relief” the Plaintiff would be seeking. As different legal
requirements and considerations apply for each type of relief, the Plaintiff
has to prove that it satisfies the legal requirements before it is granted
such relief.

(b) Second, it is onerous to require an opposing party to consent to
injunctive relief in the event of threatened or actual breach. For instance,
in TWG Tea Company, the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore tribunal
rejected a request for, inter alia, consent by the respondents to injunctive
relief in the event of threatened or actual disclosure of the confidential
information.

26 Given the Plaintiff’s position that it is entitled to seek the necessary
relief with or without Clause 6, I am unable to see the utility of including
Clause 6 in the Undertaking. Including such a clause may lead to unnecessary
satellite disputes between the parties; for instance, Defendant’s counsel has
already pointed out the lack of clarity as to whether the “injunctive relief”
mentioned in Clause 6 is of an interlocutory or permanent nature (see [25(a)]
above). As such, I disallow Clause 6.

Conclusion

27 A summary of my orders is as follows:

(a) The Defendant shall execute the Undertaking in favour of the Plaintiff,
save that Clause 6 is to be omitted and the clauses be renumbered accordingly
as required.

(b) The Undertaking shall be executed by 4 June 2020 (ie within 7 days of this
judgment). The parties are to attempt to agree on the mode of execution of the
Undertaking in the event that physical execution of the Undertaking is
challenging in the light of the COVID-19 situation. Failing agreement, the
parties shall be at liberty to apply to the court for guidance or for a
decision on the mode of execution of the Undertaking.

(c) The Defendant is at liberty to propose an alternative protocol for access
to the Allegedly Confidential Disclosed Documents in the event that his
personal access to the documents (without the physical presence of Defendant’s
counsel) is necessary and he is unable to comply with Clause 3 for good
reason. If such a protocol becomes necessary and the parties are unable to
agree on its modalities, either party shall be at liberty to apply to the
court for guidance or for a decision on the matter.

(d) The parties are to attempt to agree on costs relating to the present
application. Failing agreement, the parties are to address the court on costs
through written submissions by 4 June 2020.

(e) For the avoidance of doubt, the time limited for appealing this decision
runs from the date of this judgment.

(f) When giving effect to the directions above, all relevant parties are to
comply with the safe distancing and other applicable measures required, under
the laws of Singapore, to minimise the risk of transmission of COVID-19.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Lim Ren Jun, Ms Vivien Teo and Ms Natalie Huang  
(Wong & Leow LLC) for the Plaintiff;  
Ms Jennifer Sia, Mr Alex Goh and Ms Johanna Yeow  
(NLC Law Asia LLC) for the Defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

