Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family justice courts of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHCF 7

High Court — District Court Appeal from the Family Courts No 150 of 2018

Between

UUV

… Appellant

And

UUU

… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce Suit No 3340 of 2017

Between

UUU

… Plaintiff

And

UUV

… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law] — [Divorce] — [Ancillary matters] — [Division of matrimonial
assets] — [Maintenance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UUV

  
v

  

UUU

[2020] SGHCF 7

High Court — District Court Appeal from the Family Courts No 150 of 2018  
Tan Puay Boon JC  
7 August, 15 October 2019; 1 November 2019

17 March 2020 Judgment reserved.

Tan Puay Boon JC:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the Defendant (“Husband”) against the decision of the
District Judge (“DJ”) in the Ancillary Matters (“AM”) hearing of the divorce
proceedings between him and the Plaintiff (“Wife”). The appeal concerns four
issues: care and control of, and access to, the two children to the marriage
(“Children”); maintenance of the Children; maintenance of the Wife; and the
division of the matrimonial home (“the Flat”) (see UUU v UUV [2019] SGFC 37
(“GD”) at [1]).

Background facts

2 The parties were married in Singapore on 23 October 2010. The first child
(“C1”) was born in March 2011, and the second child (“C2”) was born in
November 2013. The parties lived in the house of the Husband’s parents from
the start of their marriage until June 2013, at which point they moved to a
rented flat in Ang Mo Kio. The parties stayed in the Ang Mo Kio flat until
February 2015, when they moved into the Flat that they purchased. The parties
lived together until the Wife moved out of the Flat with the Children on 5 May
2017. The Wife filed the Writ of Divorce on 20 July 2017, before returning to
the Flat with the Children in August 2017. Interim Judgment (“IJ”) was granted
on 9 January 2018, on the ground that both parties have behaved in such a way
that the other party could not reasonably be expected to live with him/her. It
brought to an end a marriage of about seven years. The AM hearing took place
on 28 September 2018 and 13 November 2018, and the AM Order was made on 29
November 2018.

3 The Husband is 37 years old this year. He is a full-time safety instructor,
but he also takes on part-time jobs as a private car hire driver and a
bartender. The Wife is 31 years old, and she works as a personal assistant. C1
is nine years old and C2 is seven years old.

4 The Flat, a Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) flat in Yishun, was
purchased in August 2014 in the parties’ joint names. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Wife’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 9 March 2018 (“W AOM1”) at p
48.

There was a 5-year Minimum Occupancy Period (“MOP”) imposed on the Flat, which
has expired in August 2019 (GD at [36]).

5 The Husband appealed against the following terms of the AM Order (see FC/ORC
6175/2018):

(a) Care and control of the Children was granted to the Wife, and liberal
access was granted to the Husband;

(b) The Husband was to pay $800.00 per month, along with other education fees,
for maintenance of the Children;

(c) The Husband was to pay a nominal sum of $1.00 per month for maintenance of
the Wife;

(d) The Flat was to be divided in a 55:45 ratio between the Wife and the
Husband; and

(e) The Wife was given the first right to purchase the Husband’s share of the
Flat.

6 Regarding the order set out in [5(e)], the Husband has successfully obtained
a stay on the disposal of the Flat pending the determination of this appeal
(see FC/ORC 1746/2019). As a result, the Husband and the Wife are still living
together at the Property along with the Children.

The appeal

7 The Husband raised the following issues in this appeal: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s Case (“HC”) at paras 10, 111.

(a) The DJ erred in granting care and control of the Children to the Wife;

(b) The DJ erred in ordering the Husband to pay $800.00 monthly plus
disbursement for maintenance of the Children;

(c) The DJ erred in ordering the Husband to pay nominal maintenance to the
Wife;

(d) The DJ erred in dividing the Flat in a 55:45 ratio between the Wife and
the Husband;

(e) The DJ erred in her valuation of the Flat.

8 Over the course of the appeal, the Wife filed HCF/SUM 118/2019 and the
Husband filed HCF/SUM 145/2019 to seek to adduce further evidence. I have
admitted the affidavits filed in both summonses for this appeal. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Minute Sheet 7 August 2019 at p 1.

9 I will deal with each of the issues raised by the Husband.

Care and control of, and access to, the Children

10 Under the AM Order, care and control of the Children was granted to the
Wife and liberal access was granted to the Husband. The access terms include,
inter alia, weekday access during the school term every Monday to Friday from
after school to 9.00pm.

11 The Husband submitted that the AM Order should be amended to state that he
be given the care and control of the Children, with no changes to the access
arrangements made in the AM Order. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

HC at para 56.

In response, the Wife submitted that the AM Order should be amended to state
that the Husband should only have weekday access on Monday and Friday (as
opposed to Monday to Friday). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Respondent’s Case (“WC”) at para 80.

12 It is unclear whether the Husband wanted care and control to be given to
him solely, or shared between him and the Wife. In any event, I am of the view
that care and control should be given to the Wife solely. I am also inclined
to amend the AM Order, such that the Husband is only given weekday access on
Monday and Friday.

Legal principles

13 Section 124 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Charter”)
provides that “[i]n any proceedings for divorce … the court may … make such
orders as it thinks fit with respect to the welfare of any child”. Such orders
which the court may make include orders for care and control, and access.

14 The parent with care and control is the daily caregiver with whom the child
live with primarily. Consequently, that parent is generally responsible for
making day-to-day decisions for the child (CX v CY (minor: custody and access)
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 690 at [31] and TAU v TAT [2018] 5 SLR 1089 (“TAU”) at [9]).

15 The parent with access, while not the child’s daily caregiver, would also
spend regular periods of time with the child. Access can take many forms. When
the parent with access is with the child, he or she can make some day-to-day
decisions for the child, as it would be impractical for the parent with care
and control to be consulted on every decision (TAU at [9]).

16 In making orders for care and control and access, the court’s paramount
consideration is the welfare of the child: s 125(2) of the Charter.

Application

Care and control to the Wife

17 As stated in [13]–[15] above, care and control should be given to a parent
if it would be in the child’s best interest to have that parent be the
primary, day-to-day caregiver. I am of the view that the DJ was justified in
awarding care and control to the Wife for two reasons.

18 First, the Husband’s commitments in the earlier part of the marriage
suggest that he could not have been the primary caregiver in the earlier years
of the marriage. During the period from March 2011 when C1 was born to July
2014, the Husband worked as a flight attendant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Husband’s 1st Affidavit of Assets and Means (“H AOM1”) at para 19(i).

The Husband also did not dispute the Wife’s claim that he was pursuing a
university degree between 2011 and 2014. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Minute Sheet 7 August 2019 at p 2; WC at para 31; Wife’s 2nd Affidavit of
Assets and Means dated 14 May 2019 (“W AOM2”) at para 46; WC at para 31.

The Wife, on the other hand, stopped working as a flight attendant when she
was pregnant with C1 in 2010. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Minute Sheet 7 August 2019 at p 5.

As a result, the Wife would more likely be the primary caregiver of C1 between
2011 and 2014, and of C2 between 2013 (when C2 was born) and 2014. While the
parties did live in the house of the Husband’s parents until June 2013, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

WC at paras 16–17; Joint Affidavit of Husband’s parents dated 12 November 2018
(“HPA”) at para 5.

the Husband’s parents did not claim that they took over the primary caregiver
role. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HPA at para 6.

In any event, after the parties moved out of the house of the Husband’s
parents in June 2013, the Wife would have at least been the primary caregiver
of both C1 and C2 from this point until July 2014.

19 Second, the parties’ conduct at the twilight of the marriage lends the
inference that the Wife is the primary caretaker of the Children. The Wife
moved out of the Flat with the Children in May 2017 (before returning three
months later). This means that the Wife would be the primary caregiver of the
Children during this period. Further, the Wife claimed that she reached an
agreement for simplified divorce with the Husband on 23 March 2017, under
which she had care and control of the Children. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

W AOM2 at para 127.

She also furnished email correspondence of the agreement, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

W AOM2 at pp 317–318.

and the Husband did not dispute that there was such an agreement. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Husband’s 3rd Affidavit dated 31 July 2018 (“H AOM3”) at para 29.

In my view, this evidence supports the inference that there was an expectation
between the parties that the Wife would be the primary caretaker of the
Children when the parties separate.

20 I turn to address the arguments made by the Husband. He argued that the DJ
erred in basing her decision on a statement that he made to the Wife in 2013
when the latter was nine months’ pregnant with C2, viz, “just tell the baby
her father is dead” (GD at [19]). I am of the opinion that this statement was
not the “determinative” factor behind the DJ’s decision. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

HC at para 27.

Nevertheless, this statement is “relevant” (GD at [19]) since it is
inconsistent with the Husband’s position that he has been involved in the
Children’s lives from when they were born. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

HC at para 36.

21 The Husband argued that his parents were more involved in the Children’s
lives than the Wife’s mother. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

HC at paras 44, 54.

I agree with the DJ that this is a neutral factor (GD at [14]). The Husband’s
parents 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

HPA at paras 11–14.

and the Wife’s mother 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Affidavit of Wife’s mother dated 12 November 2018 (“WMA”) at paras 9–12.

are equally capable of caring for the Children. The Husband’s claim that the
Wife’s mother was preoccupied with caring for her other grandchildren in
Malaysia is speculative. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

WMA at paras 8–9.

Even if the Wife’s mother was preoccupied, I am of the view that the Wife can
rely on assistance from her domestic helper. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

WC at para 48(e).

22 The Husband placed much emphasis on the Wife’s history of mental
instability. In response, the Wife has furnished a report dated 12 February
2018 from the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) certifying that she was
capable of caring for the Children. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

W AOM1 at pp 697–698.

In rebuttal, the Husband claimed that the Wife contemplated self-harm as
recently as 5 November 2018, after the parties got into an argument. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Husband’s Affidavit for SUM 145/2019 dated 31 May 2019 (“HA 145”) at paras
6–9.

In support of his claim, he furnished screenshots of WhatsApp messages from a
mutual friend of the parties. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

HA 145 at pp 16–17, 20–24.

These showed a message from the Wife saying “I almost jump off”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

HA 145 at p 17.

I note that the Wife’s message could be interpreted as an expression of her
frustration and anger. Further, this was a one-off message from the Wife.
Therefore, I am of the view that the Husband’s evidence is insufficient to
show that the Wife contemplated self-harm on 5 November 2018.

23 I also note that both the Husband 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

H AOM1 at para 28(i); H AOM2 at paras 29–30.

and the Wife 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

W AOM2 at paras 104–109.

raised allegations of improper sexual conduct with third parties against the
other spouse. In my opinion, these allegations were not sufficiently
substantiated. The evidence furnished by the parties, ie, screenshots of
WhatsApp messages and online websites, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

H AOM1 at pp 244–249; W AOM2 at pp 265–266.

are sporadic, limited and without context. Therefore, I do not take these
allegations into account in determining which party should be given care and
control. I would add that even if the allegations against one party or the
other party, or both parties, were true, there is no evidence that such
conduct away from the presence of the Children would have any direct impact on
the welfare of the Children, save for the fear that it may set a bad example
to the Children if discovered by them. I am of the view that it is not a
factor that would be determinative of which party should be given care and
control of the Children.

24 Last but not least, the Husband claimed that he was deeply involved in the
Children’s lives since they were born. I accept that naturally, the Husband
would have played an important role in taking care of the Children throughout
the course of the marriage. However, this does not necessarily mean that he
was the primary caretaker of the Children. Once again, I am of the view that
the Husband’s various commitments from 2011 to 2014 (see [18] above) meant
that he would likely be less involved than the Wife in taking care of the
Children for this period. For the period of 2014 onwards, the evidence did not
clearly show that the Husband was more involved than the Wife in taking care
of the Children. The activities raised by the Husband as evidence of this
caregiving, ie, attending the Children’s curricular and extracurricular
activities and looking after the Children’s day to day needs, were similarly
done by the Wife. Moreover, the evidence shows that when both parties are not
together, it was the Wife who was expected to look after the Children (see
[19] above).

25 Considering all the factors stated above, even when the statement of the
Husband at [20] above is disregarded, I decline to intervene with the DJ’s
decision to grant sole care and control to the Wife.

Access to the Husband

26 The Wife also submitted that the terms of access to the Husband should be
varied, so that he would only have weekday access on Monday and Friday (as
opposed to Monday to Friday). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

WC at para 80.

27 Even though she did not file a cross-appeal in this regard, I am satisfied
that I have the power to amend the access order. Under the Family Justice
Rules 2014 (S 813/2014) (“FJR”), the Family Division of the High Court can
make orders as the case requires even if there was no notice of appeal filed:
r 831(3)(b) read with r 831(4)(a) FJR.

28 In my view, the terms of weekday access should be varied based on three
reasons. First, the Husband has not been fully exercising his weekday access
as granted in the AM Order. The Wife claimed that nearly half of the Husband’s
entitled weekday access was not utilised. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Wife’s Affidavit for SUM 118/2019 (“WA 118”) at paras 12–15.

In response, the Husband explained that he only exercised access from Mondays
to Wednesdays because he wanted to give the Wife the benefit of two weekdays
with the Children. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Husband’s Affidavit for SUM 118/2019 (“HA 118”) at paras 13 and 15.

I do not accept the Husband’s explanation. The Husband has failed to fully
utilise his access since the AM Order was granted in November 2018 until May
2019. This consistent failure to fully utilise his access suggests that the
Husband is, at the very least, unable to spend time with the Children.

29 Second, the implementation of the liberal access terms given to the Husband
has proven difficult. The animosity between the parties has been exacerbated
by the parties’ frequent contact, which was a result of the liberal access
terms given to the Husband. This animosity is evidenced by the litany of
allegations of misconduct raised by both parties. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

For details on the allegations raised by the parties towards each other, see
WA 118 and HA 145.

The continuation of this state of affairs would be inimical to the Children,
who must bear witness to their parents’ incessant fighting.

30 Third, the parties will eventually stop staying together under the same
roof when the stay on the disposal of the Flat (see [6] above) is lifted. In
the circumstances, it would be disruptive to the Children to have them go from
the Husband’s residence back to the Flat every weekday night.

31 Considering the Husband’s consistent failure to fully utilise his access,
the difficulties in implementing the liberal access terms, and the eventuality
of the parties not staying together under the same roof, I am of the view that
the Husband’s weekday access terms should be reduced. I amend the access order
for the weekdays such that the Husband is now given access every Monday and
Friday, as opposed to every Monday to Friday under the AM Order. Now that the
younger child has also started formal schooling, the fewer number of days of
access during the weekdays would also allow the Children to spend more time
preparing for their school work. The rest of the orders regarding access
(which involves access on weekends, birthdays, school and public holidays) can
remain.

Maintenance of the Children

32 Under the AM Order, the Husband was to pay $800 per month for maintenance
of the Children, plus reimbursement for the Children’s education and
healthcare expenses.

33 The Husband submitted that if the Wife retain care and control of the
Children, he should only be made to pay $400 per month plus disbursements, or
a flat sum of $800 per month for maintenance. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Minute Sheet 15 October 2019 at p 5.

The Wife submitted that the Husband should be made to pay a flat sum of
$1,500.00 for maintenance. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Minute Sheet 7 August 2019 at p 10.

34 Having considered the arguments and the evidence, I am of the view that the
Husband should be made to pay a flat sum of $1,000.00 a month for maintenance
of the Children all in.

Legal principles

35 The assessment of maintenance rests upon the principle of “common but
differentiated responsibility”: AUA v ATZ [2016] SGCA 41 at [41]. This means
that the starting point of equal financial contribution is not an inflexible
rule: TBC v TBD [2015] 4 SLR 59 at [27]. Rather, the maintenance of the
children should be apportioned in accordance with the financial capabilities
of the parents: TIT v TIU [2016] SGHCF 8 at [62].

Application

36 I begin with the mode of payment. The Wife argued in favour of a flat
monthly sum as the Husband has been late in reimbursing her for the Children’s
expenses. However, she accepted that a flat monthly sum would not take into
account any variation in the Children’s expenses. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Minute Sheet 7 August 2019 at p 10.

37 Notwithstanding this difficulty with the payment of a flat monthly sum, I
am still of the view that this is the preferable mode of payment. The
relationship between the parties is fraught with difficulties, and the
mechanism of reimbursement would be likely to aggravate the animosity between
the parties. The payment of a flat monthly sum would minimise interaction, and
friction, between the parties. In any event, the Husband was also content to
pay a flat monthly sum, so long that the quantum is reasonable.

38 I turn next to the quantum of payment. The Wife has furnished her
estimation of the Children’s monthly expenses, which amounted to $3,783.00. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

WC at paras 92–93.

In my opinion, some of the expenses set out by the Wife are unreasonable. For
instance, dental expenses per child are set out at $100.00 a month or
$1,200.00 per year, even though the Wife indicated that there is only one
dental session per year. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

WC at para 92, S/N 9 and para 93, S/N 77.

Further, birthday expenses per child are set out at $300.00 a month, or
$3,600.00 per year. Additionally, medical expenses per child are set out at
$300.00 per month or $3,600.00 per year, even though the Wife can claim for
these expenses from her employer. I decide to deduct these expenses, which
means that the monthly expenses for the Children amounts to $2,383.00.

39 I am of the opinion that the Wife should bear a slightly higher portion of
the monthly expenses for the Children. The Wife’s monthly salary is $4,508.00
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

W AOM1 at para 9(d).

while the Husband’s monthly salary is $2,189.16. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

H AOM1 at p 5.

If the parties are to bear the Children’s monthly expenses in equal
proportions (~ $1,200.00), and the Husband is to continue paying for C2’s
insurance premiums at $150.00 pm, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Minute Sheet 15 October 2019 at p 1.

the Husband effectively has about $850.00 for himself every month. The Husband
also claimed that he has to pay a monthly renovation loan of $344.00 and
insurance premium of $287.15. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

HA 118 at para 61.

I note that the renovation loan ended by November 2019, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Minute Sheet 15 October 2019 at p 1.

and it is unclear how the premium of $287.15 was obtained. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Minute Sheet 7 August 2019 at p 11.

Regardless, a sum of $503.66 (being $2,189.16 - $2,383.00/2 - $150.00 -
$344.00) to $847.66 (if he no longer has to pay the renovation loan of
$344.00) per month is, in my view, scarcely sufficient for him to maintain
himself.

40 Accordingly, I am of the view that the Husband should be required to pay
$1,000.00 all in monthly in maintenance for the Children. The Wife would be
paying $1,383.00 (being $2,383.00 - $1,000.00) out of her pocket every month
to maintain the Children. Considering the Wife’s monthly income of $4,508.00
and her monthly expenditure of $2,952.00 (being her personal expenses of
$2,652.00 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

W AOM1 at para 20.

and her maintenance of her mother of $300.00 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

W AOM1 at para 23.

) or $2,726.00 (being $2,952.00 - $226.00 if she no longer has to pay the
renovation loan) 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

W AOM1 at para 6 and para 20, S/No 6.

, it would be within her means to pay the sum of $1,383.00.

41 Thus, I amend para 2.1 of the AM Order such that the Husband is to pay the
Wife $1,000.00 in monthly maintenance on the third day of each month. Paras
2.3 to 2.6 of the AM Order are revoked. This new order on maintenance is to
take effect from the date of this judgment. In making this maintenance order,
I note that the Husband is well educated and does have a higher earning
capacity than what is reflected by his current income. This maintenance order
should therefore be reviewed once he obtains a better paying job.

Maintenance of the Wife

42 Under the AM Order, the Wife was granted nominal maintenance of $1 per
month until November 2020. The Husband submitted that order for nominal
maintenance should be rescinded. I accept the Husband’s position.

Legal principles

43 The principles concerning the grant of nominal maintenance have been
comprehensively summarised by the Court of Appeal in TDT v TDS and another
appeal and another matter [2016] 4 SLR 145 (“TDT”). First, nominal maintenance
is not awarded automatically or as a matter of course. Second, the court will
not award nominal maintenance based on the wife’s bare assertion that her
future situation may change. Third, the court must bear in mind the underlying
rationale behind the grant of spousal maintenance, which is that of financial
preservation (TDT at [71]).

Application

44 The DJ granted the Wife nominal maintenance until November 2020 so as to
allow the Wife some time to stabilise her finances after the divorce (GD at
[35]). In my view, there is no evidence to suggest that the Wife would need
some time to stabilise her finances. In fact, her salary of $4,508.00 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

W AOM1 at para 9(d).

is twice that of the Husband’s salary of $2,189.16, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

H AOM1 at p 5.

and the Husband is also helping her to support the Children by paying
maintenance. In the circumstances, the Wife is capable of supporting herself
financially and a grant of nominal maintenance would be unnecessary.

45 The Wife relied on TBV v TBW [2015] SGFC 44 (“TBV”) to support her
position. In TBV, nominal maintenance was granted to the wife since she was
the primary caregiver of two young children, and she was therefore entitled to
seek financial support from the husband if there is a change in circumstances
in the future which affects her income (at [19]). In my opinion, the reasoning
in TBV can no longer stand after the decision of the Court of Appeal in TDT,
which held that a wife’s bare assertion of a change in future circumstances is
insufficient.

46 I note that at the time of the appeal hearing in September 2019, the order
for nominal maintenance was to last for only another year. In the
circumstances, there would be minimal prejudice to the Wife if the nominal
maintenance order be revoked. Further, a revocation of the nominal maintenance
order would remove yet another possible source of conflict and reduce any
further animosity between parties.

47 Accordingly, I amend the AM Order such that no maintenance is granted in
favour of the Wife.

Division of the Flat

48 The Flat was the only matrimonial property divided between the parties. The
parties agreed that the direct financial contributions ratio was 65:35 between
the Husband and the Wife. They also agreed that equal weightage is to be given
to the direct and indirect contributions. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Joint Summary of Information at p 11, S/No 1.

The DJ found that the indirect contributions ratio was 30:70 between the
Husband and the Wife, and arrived at a final division ratio of 47.5:52.5
between the Husband and the Wife which she rounded to 45:55 (GD at [45]).

49 The DJ also gave the Wife the first right of purchase over the Flat.
Therefore, under the AM order, the Husband was to transfer his share of the
Flat to the Wife in exchange for a refund to his Central Provident Fund
(“CPF”) Ordinary Account of 45% of the net value of the Flat. The gross value
of the Flat was the average between the purchase price of the Flat (at
$371,500.00) and its surrender value (at $352,925.00). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Notes of Evidence for D3340/2017 at pp 23–24.

The net value of the Flat was derived by deducting the outstanding housing
loan of $257,479.73 from the gross value: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Notes of Evidence for D3340/2017 at pp 23–24.

[($371,350.00 + S352,295.00) ÷ 2] - $257,479.00 = $104,732.77 ≈ $104,500.00.

The Husband’s share of the Flat was therefore calculated at $47,000.00 (being
$104,500.00 x 0.45).

50 On appeal, the Husband submitted that the gross valuation of the Flat
should not be based on the surrender value, but instead on the Flat’s market
value. He also submitted that he should be given a higher share of, as well as
the first right of purchase over, the Flat. In response, the Wife submitted
that she should be given a higher share of the Flat instead.

Valuation of the Flat

51 The Husband submitted that the date of valuation of the Flat should not be
the AM date, but instead the appeal hearing date of 15 October 2019. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Husband’s Supplemental Submissions dated 8 October 2019 (“HSS1”) at para 9.

The Husband’s concern was that the gross value of the Flat on the AM date
would be its surrender value, since the MOP for the Flat has yet to expire
then. Since the Flat’s surrender value was lower than its market value, he
would thus be required to sell his share of the Flat to the Wife at a
discount. This, according to the Husband, would result in a windfall to the
Wife. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

HSS1 at para 14.

52 To address the Husband’s arguments, I adopt a two-stage enquiry:

(a) First, should the date of valuation of the flat be the AM date or the
appeal hearing date?

(b) Second, if the AM date is adopted, should the gross valuation of the Flat
be based on the surrender value?

53 On the first question, I do not accept the Husband’s position. My attention
was directed to the case of ATT v ATS [2012] 2 SLR 859 (“ATT”), which dealt
with a situation similar to the present case. In ATT, the AM order entailed a
“property swap” where the disputed property was given to the wife and other
properties were given to the husband. After the husband filed his Notice of
Appeal, the disputed property was sold as part of an en bloc sale for about
$1m above its valuation at the time of the AM hearing. The Court of Appeal was
of the view that a change in value of an asset between the AM order and the
final appeal will not, without more, be sufficient (at [25]). The Court of
Appeal’s reasoning merits being set out in full:

…. This begged the question as to whether such a subsequent change in the
value of a matrimonial asset could ipso facto constitute a ground for a
successful appeal. … If the “property swap” order made by the Judge in this
case were held to be just and equitable and had been affirmed by us, we do not
see any basis to review the division on account of subsequent changes in the
valuation of the asset in question. Especially in a volatile market where
prices do move up and down fairly rapidly, there should be certainty and
finality. The party who, under the order on division of matrimonial assets, is
given an immovable property would have to take it subject to all risks or
vagaries of the market. Otherwise, it would only encourage relitigation at the
appeal stage. Thus, unless there are special circumstances or compelling
reasons, the mere change in value of an asset between the date of the
ancillary orders and that of the hearing of the appeal per se should not be a
ground to revisit the division made by the court below.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

54 In my opinion, the case of ATT is not on all fours with our current case.
In ATT, the en bloc sale of the disputed property (and therefore the
subsequent change in value) was not foreseeable at the time of the AM hearing.
In our case, however, the expiry of the Flat’s MOP was foreseeable at the time
of the AM hearing. Therefore, if the change in value occasioned by the expiry
of the Flat’s MOP can be dealt with by the DJ during the AM hearing, the
concern about encouraging relitigation would not arise.

55 However, I am not convinced that the change in value occasioned by the
expiry of the Flat’s MOP could have been satisfactorily dealt with by the DJ.
There remains the concern of speculation, ie, making a valuation where there
is insufficient information. In our case, it would be difficult for the DJ to
make an estimation on 28 September 2018 about what the market value of the
Flat would be when the MOP expires eleven months later. While the Husband can
wait for the MOP to expire and then file an appeal to get a more accurate
valuation of the Flat (which he did in this case), such an approach will once
again engage the Court of Appeal’s concern with encouraging relitigation.

56 Accordingly, I find that the appropriate date of valuation should be the AM
date.

57 On the second question, I am of the view that even if the AM date is
chosen, the gross value of Flat should nevertheless be based on the market
value of similar HDB properties in the vicinity, and not the Flat’s surrender
value. I accept the Husband’s argument that a valuation based on the surrender
value would result in a windfall to the Wife. I note that in the case of AGD v
AGF [2011] SGDC 293, the District Court preferred the surrender value over the
market value as the latter was “[a speculation] on what the value of the
[property] might be when it is eligible for sale” (at [17]). However, in my
view, the surrender value is just as much of a speculation on the Flat’s value
when it is eligible for sale. The surrender value would only be an accurate
estimate of the Flat’s value if it was actually surrendered to the HDB, which
is unlikely to be the case. Therefore, the market value of HDB properties
similar to the Flat is to be preferred to the Flat’s surrender value, the
former being a more accurate indication of the real worth of the Flat.

58 I note that there is no evidence on the market value of HDB properties
similar to the Flat on the AM date of 28 September 2018. In the circumstances,
I direct the parties to obtain further evidence of such property for the
purposes of deriving the gross value of the Flat, and to agree on its
valuation. The valuations obtained by the parties were not based on the AM
date of 28 September 2018, and thus may not be appropriate.

The appropriate division ratio

59 While only the Husband has appealed against the DJ’s orders on the division
of the Flat, both parties have submitted on the DJ’s finding that the indirect
contributions ratio was 30:70 between the Husband and the Wife.

60 I begin by addressing the arguments raised by the Wife. First, she argued
that the Husband should be awarded negative indirect contributions for his
attempt at poisoning the Wife’s mother. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

WA 118 at para 41.

It was not conclusively proven that the Wife’s mother was poisoned, or that
the Husband was the culprit. Therefore, I do not give weight to this argument
in arriving at the indirect contributions ratio.

61 Second, the Wife also claimed that the Husband has deliberately caused
injury to her and the Children, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

WA 118 at para 41.

and damaged her personal property. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

WA 118 at para 43–46.

Given that the Wife only furnished evidence of the injury and damage done, but
not of the person who inflicted such injury and damage, I am again not able to
conclude that the Husband was responsible.

62 Last, she argued that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
Husband for his failure to disclose two insurance policies in favour of the
Children 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

WA 118 at para 5.

and his receipt of the Baby Bonus cash gifts totalling at $10,000.00. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

WA 118 at paras 9–10.

In my view, the Baby Bonus cash gifts were paid out between 2011 and 2014, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

WA 118 at pp 30, 33.

which means that these sums are likely already spent. As for the insurance
policies, I note that the assured under the policies are the Children. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

WA 118 at pp 28–29.

However, there were no indication on who the beneficiaries under the policies
were. In the circumstances, I am not inclined to find that the policies were
for the Husband’s benefit. Accordingly, I decline to draw any adverse
inference against the Husband.

63 I turn to address the Husband’s arguments. His case on appeal was that he
was the primary caretaker of the Children, and thus the indirect contributions
ratio should be more in his favour. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

HC at paras 101–102.

Once again, I accept that the Husband has played an important part in the
Children’s upbringing; but as I have found in [18]–[19] above, the Wife was
the primary caretaker of the Children.

64 Further, while the Husband footed the bill for at least half of the rent of
the Ang Mo Kio flat, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

H AOM1 at para 19(c); W AOM2 at para 17.

and half the cost of furniture and electronic equipment in the Flat, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

H AOM1 at para 19(d); W AOM2 at para 18.

he made no attempt 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

H AOM3 at pp 6–7.

to refute the Wife’s claim that she was responsible for most of the Children’s
childcare fees, utilities and groceries. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

W AOM2 at para 26–34.

In the circumstances, I am not minded to interfere with the exercise of the
DJ’s discretion in arriving at an indirect contributions ratio of 30:70
between the Husband and the Wife.

65 For completeness, the Husband also argued that the parties’ direct
contributions should be given higher weight, since this was a short marriage.
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

HC at para 78.

In my view, the duration of the marriage at seven years is not short. Further,
given that there were children from the marriage, the indirect contributions
made by the parties in raising the Children would have been significant.

66 In sum, the direct contributions ratio and indirect contributions ratio
would be 65:35 and 30:70, respectively, between the Husband and the Wife.
There is also nothing on the evidence to compel me to depart from the general
position of attributing equal weightage to direct and indirect contributions.
I note that the DJ has rounded the division ratio without expressly providing
a reason why (GD at [44]–[45]). In my view, it is not necessary to make any
further adjustments to the division ratio. Therefore, I arrive at a final
division ratio of 47.5:52.5 between the Husband and the Wife.

Apportionment of the Flat

67 With regard to the apportionment of the Flat, I am not inclined to
intervene with the DJ’s decision. In my opinion, she was justified in granting
the Wife the first right of purchase over the Flat, since this would result in
minimal disruption of the Children’s lives. This would be based on the
valuation of the Flat obtained in accordance with [58] above.

68 I also address the issue of who should bear the mortgage payments on the
Flat after the AM Order was issued. I am guided by the Court of Appeal
authority of TIC v TID [2019] 1 SLR 180, which stated at [24(b)] that when a
spouse has been given the option of buying the other spouse’s share in a
matrimonial property, the eventual owner of the property should be responsible
for the mortgage payments made between the date of the AM Order and the date
of completion. Accordingly, the Wife should be responsible for the mortgage
payments on the Flat for the period after the date of the AM Order, ie,
December 2018. The Wife should thus refund the Husband $7,326.00 (being
$603.00 x 12 months from December 2018 to November 2019). As the Husband has
not made mortgage payments for December 2019 and January 2020, the Wife should
simply pay this amount. While there is a $3.80 late payment charge arising
from the Husband’s non-payment of the mortgage loan on December 2019 and
January 2020, this charge is in my view de minimis. It would engender less
acrimony if the Wife simply pay off this minimal sum.

69 I also note that the Wife has obtained a new mortgage loan on the basis
that the Flat’s surrender value would be used, and that a re-evaluation of the
Flat’s value would force her to cancel this mortgage loan and suffer a loss of
$4,455.00 in cancellation fees. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Wife’s Supplemental Submissions dated 8 October 2019 at para 22.

It is unfortunate that the Wife will have to suffer this loss, but in my view
there is no basis to make the Husband liable for this cancellation fee.

Conclusion

70 In conclusion, para 1.3.i of the AM Order is varied such that the Husband’s
weekday access during the school term would be every Monday and Friday from
after school to 9.00pm. The remainder of the AM Order dealing with access on
weekends, birthdays, school and public holidays is to remain. Para 2.1 of the
AM Order is also varied such that the Husband is to pay the Wife a flat
monthly sum of $1,000.00 monthly for maintenance of the Children. Further,
para 3 of the AM Order is rescinded, so that the Husband no longer has to pay
the Wife a monthly nominal maintenance of $1.00. Para 5.1 of the AM Order is
likewise varied such that the Flat is divided in the ratio of 52.5:47.5
between the Wife and the Husband.

71 In the event that parties are unable to agree on the valuation of the Flat
in accordance with [58] above, they are to furnish evidence on the market
value on the AM date of similar HDB properties in the vicinity of the Flat
within four weeks of this judgment for the valuation to be determined by the
court.

72 The parties are to file and exchange their submissions on costs, limited to
ten pages (excluding list of disbursements, exhibits and authorities) within
four weeks of this judgment, and to inform the Registry if they are prepared
to receive the order on costs by way of Registrar’s Notice.

Tan Puay Boon  
Judicial Commissioner

Alyssa G Mundo (M/s Yeo & Associates LLC) for the Appellant;  
Steffi Huang Yujia (M/s Kalco Law LLC) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

