Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 114

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9184 of 2019

Between

Aw Soy Tee

… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Aw Soy Tee

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2020] SGHC 114

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9184 of 2019  
See Kee Oon J  
26 February 2020

3 June 2020 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This is the Appellant’s appeal against the decision of the District Judge
(“the DJ”) in Public Prosecutor v Aw Soy Tee [2019] SGDC 213 (“the decision
below”).

2 The Appellant pleaded guilty to a single charge under s 353 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) for using criminal force on a
public servant, namely Auxiliary Police Officer Yii Chai Hong (“APO Yii”) from
Certis Cisco Security Private Limited, while she was executing her duty as an
Enforcement Officer.

3 The Appellant filed an appeal against the DJ’s sentence of four weeks’
imprisonment. In my judgment, the sentence imposed was not manifestly
excessive. I set out the reasons for my decision to dismiss the appeal below.

Facts

Background

4 The relevant background facts are found in the Statement of Facts which the
Appellant had admitted to without qualification. The Appellant is a 72-year-
old male Singaporean. APO Yii, the victim, is an Auxiliary Police Officer who
was, at all material times, an Enforcement Officer authorised to carry out
enforcement action on behalf of the National Environment Agency (“NEA”).

5 On 22 October 2018, APO Yii and her partner, Auxiliary Police Officer
Parthiban (“APO Parthiban”) were on duty at Boon Lay MRT Station to enforce
rules against littering and spitting. At around 10.10am, they noticed the
Appellant spitting twice into the drain located at Exit C of Boon Lay MRT
Station.

6 APO Yii approached the Appellant and identified herself as an enforcement
officer authorised by the NEA. She then informed the Appellant that he had
committed an offence by spitting in a public area and requested for the
Appellant’s particulars. The Appellant refused to comply. Instead, he claimed
that he was sick and in a rush, and started walking towards Jurong Point
Shopping Centre. APO Yii followed the Appellant and asked him to stop, but he
continued walking and ignored her instructions. At the entrance of Jurong
Point Shopping Centre, APO Yii grabbed hold of the Appellant’s right wrist to
restrain him, but to no avail. The Appellant continued walking into Jurong
Point Shopping Centre with APO Yii still holding on to his wrist.

7 Inside Jurong Point Shopping Centre, APO Yii placed herself in front of the
Appellant and blocked his path in order to confront him head-on. However, the
Appellant suddenly grabbed APO Yii’s right forearm with his left hand. When
she shouted for him not to touch her, he let go of her arm and pushed her on
her chest area above her breast. This caused APO Yii to stagger backwards. The
Appellant then started to walk away quickly. Although APO Yii attempted to use
both hands to restrain the Appellant, he struggled and manage to break free
from her grip.

8 The events described at [6] above were consistent with video footage from a
body camera worn by APO Parthiban. The events described at [7] above were also
consistent with video footage from a CCTV camera located inside Jurong Point
Shopping Centre.

9 APO Yii and APO Parthiban lost sight of the Appellant when he entered the
bus interchange at Jurong Point Shopping Centre. Although the Appellant had
originally intended to take a bus from the bus interchange, he was afraid of
being spotted by APO Yii and APO Parthiban. As such, he exited the bus
interchange, crossed the road, and walked through several HDB blocks to reach
another bus stop. He then boarded a bus and headed to his workplace at Lim Chu
Kang.

The DJ’s decision

10 In the proceedings below, the Prosecution sought a sentence of at least six
weeks’ imprisonment. The Defence urged the court to impose a fine of $4,000.

11 The DJ held that the sentencing considerations in Public Prosecutor v Yeo
Ek Boon Jeffrey and another matter [2018] 3 SLR 1080 (“Jeffrey Yeo”) were
applicable to the instant case even though Jeffrey Yeo involved the more
serious offence of voluntarily causing hurt to a public servant under s 332 of
the Penal Code. In the DJ’s view, offences under ss 332 and 353 were similar
in nature as they were both “aimed at protecting public servants in the
execution of their duties”. Where these public officers were exercising law
enforcement or similar duties, a sentencing “premium” was required to uphold
and emphasise the authority of these officers, in order to enable them to
carry out their onerous duties more effectively. Accordingly, the key
sentencing consideration in the present case was that of deterrence.

12 The DJ also placed emphasis on the case of Public Prosecutor v Chua Cheng
Hong [2018] SGDC 158 (“Chua Cheng Hong”), which coincidentally involved APO
Yii as well. In Chua Cheng Hong, the accused was a 21year-old male Singaporean
who was spotted flicking a cigarette butt onto the ground near the bicycle bay
of Causeway Point Shopping Centre. When APO Yii attempted to block his path,
the accused grabbed her arm and pushed her on the chest, causing her to lose
her balance and move back a step. He fled but was subsequently identified and
arrested by the police.

13 The accused in Chua Cheng Hong was a first-time offender. He was sentenced
to three weeks’ imprisonment by the District Court, but this sentence was
reduced to seven days’ imprisonment on appeal. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

High Court Minute Sheet, Chua Cheng Hong v PP (HC/MA 9151/2018/01)

In the DJ’s view, it was clear from Jeffrey Yeo and Chua Cheng Hong that the
“starting tariff” for a s 353 offence was a short custodial term, and that
fines would only be imposed in “exceptional” circumstances.

14 The DJ declined to find that the present case lay at the low end of the
low-harm, low-culpability spectrum. On the issue of harm, the DJ opined that
the precedent cases tendered by the Defence should not be given much weight as
they were decided pre-Jeffrey Yeo. In addition, although APO Yii did not
suffer any visible injury, the nature of a s 353 offence meant that any hurt
caused was bound to be slight or minimal. Otherwise, the Appellant could have
been charged with a more serious offence under s 332 of the Penal Code.

15 On the issue of culpability, the DJ found that the Defence’s submissions
that the Appellant had acted in a state of “fear and panic” were disingenuous,
as it was clear that APO Yii had only restrained him because of his own
refusal to submit to enforcement action. The fact that the Appellant had
eventually pleaded guilty to the predicate offence was irrelevant and did not
detract from the fact that he had successfully evaded enforcement action.
Moreover, the DJ assessed the culpability of the Appellant in the instant case
to be higher than that of the accused in Chua Cheng Hong. In particular, he
noted that the Appellant had brushed past APO Yii several times when she stood
in front of him to prevent him from leaving. He also observed that the
incident began outside Jurong Point Shopping Centre, where members of the
public could be seen milling around, and continued all the way into the mall.
Accordingly, the DJ took the position that the sentence in the instant case
should be higher than the sentence of seven days’ imprisonment imposed by the
High Court in Chua Cheng Hong. After considering the applicable mitigating and
compassionate factors, he concluded that a sentence of four weeks’
imprisonment was appropriate.

The parties’ cases on appeal

The Appellant’s case

16 The Appellant submitted that the sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment was
manifestly excessive and argued that a fine of $4,000 was sufficient to
achieve a deterrent effect.

17 Although the Appellant accepted that the sentencing principles in Jeffrey
Yeo are relevant to the instant case, he contended that the DJ had erred in
his application of these principles. This ostensibly led the DJ to arrive at
the flawed conclusion that the “starting tariff” for a s 353 offence is a
short custodial term, and that fines are only imposed in “exceptional”
circumstances.

18 Furthermore, the Appellant argued that the DJ had failed to appreciate all
the circumstances of the Appellant’s case in their proper context.
Specifically, it was posited that the Appellant was simply an old man who had
panicked when a young female officer, namely APO Yii, had abruptly restrained
him in the manner that she did. Moreover, although the incident had occurred
in public view, APO Yii had been in plain clothes and it was unlikely that
passers-by would have been aware of her status as an enforcement officer.
Thus, on a proper application of the appropriate sentencing principles, the DJ
should have found that the harm caused by the Appellant was low to negligible,
and that the Appellant’s culpability was likewise low.

The Respondent’s case

19 Conversely, the Respondent submitted that the sentence of four weeks’
imprisonment should stand. Specifically, the Respondent contended that the DJ
had:

(a) correctly construed the facts before him;

(b) correctly appraised the applicable law and the sentencing principles; and

(c) correctly given little weight to the purported mitigating and
compassionate factors.

Issues to be determined

20 The following issues arise for my determination:

(a) whether the DJ had erred in finding that the “starting tariff” for a s 353
offence was a short custodial term;

(b) whether the DJ had erred in analysing the harm and culpability factors;
and

(c) whether the DJ had erred in giving little weight to the Appellant’s
mitigating and compassionate factors.

21 I address these issues in the course of formulating a sentencing framework
for s 353 Penal Code offences and applying this framework to the facts of the
present case.

Whether the “starting tariff” for a s 353 offence was a short custodial term

The sentencing framework and principles in Jeffrey Yeo

22 In Jeffrey Yeo, a three-Judge Panel of the High Court observed that police
and other law enforcement officers were frequently exposed to violence and
aggression in their frontline duties. Apart from potentially causing physical
hurt, such attacks could also lead to the following undesirable consequences
at the societal level (at [49]):

First, the incidents of attack, if left unchecked, could undermine public
confidence in our police officers as authority figures in society and
compromise their effectiveness as a symbol of law and order. Second, with
manpower constraints resulting in an already lean police-to-population ratio
in Singapore, the continued abuse of police officers will have an adverse
impact on the SPF’s recruitment efforts. In the long term, this will have
repercussions for the operational effectiveness of the police and will affect
the country adversely as a whole. Third, challenges to the authority of the
police pose a real risk of defensive policing. It would be unfortunate and
undesirable if our police officers feel the need too easily and too often to
draw their weapons or to use force in reaction to any perceived danger. All
these issues are compounded by the increasingly complex and uncertain security
environment with which modern-day policing is presented in a densely populated
country, where emergency situations could arise at any time with dire
consequences for the public. …

23 With these considerations in mind, the High Court formulated the following
sentencing framework for s 332 cases involving police officers and public
servants who were performing duties akin to police duties:

Category| Circumstances| Sentencing band  
---|---|---  
1 | Lesser harm and lower culpability | Fine or up to one year’s imprisonment  
2| Greater harm and lower culpabilityorLesser harm and higher culpability| One
to three years’ imprisonment  
3| Greater harm and higher culpability| Three to seven years’ imprisonment  
  
24 The High Court described this framework as “a framework comprising three
broad sentencing bands, within which the severity of an offence and hence the
sentence to be imposed, may be determined on the basis of the twin
considerations of harm and culpability” (at [57]). To assist in this inquiry,
the High Court set out the following non-exhaustive list of considerations
which might potentially influence the level of harm and/or culpability
involved in a particular offence (at [60]):

(a) the degree of hurt caused and its consequences;

(b) the use or attempted use of a weapon or other dangerous implement or means
(eg, biting) and its capacity to do harm;

(c) the age, lack of maturity or presence of mental disorder where it affects
materially the responsibility of the offender;

(d) the circumstances leading to the commission of the offence (eg, the
offender’s motivations for causing hurt to the victim, whether the offence was
planned or premeditated, whether it demonstrated contempt for police officers
and their authority);

(e) the timing and location of the offence, in particular whether it was
committed within the public’s view and hearing;

(f) whether the offence involved a sustained or repeated attack;

(g) the number of offenders involved;

(h) whether the offender intended to inflict more serious hurt than what
materialised;

(i) whether any steps were taken to avoid detection or prosecution; and

(j) the offender’s criminal history and propensity.

25 The High Court further stated that the sentencing band in Category 1
encompassed the existing sentencing norm observed in the unreported case of
Public Prosecutor v Zhu Guo Feng in Magistrate’s Appeal No 177 of 2018, under
which a custodial sentence of two to nine months’ imprisonment would
ordinarily be imposed for cases involving hurt to police officers. It opined
(at [59]) that fines would only be meted out in “very exceptional cases, where
the offending act ranks the lowest in the harm-and-culpability spectrum”
(emphasis added).

The applicability of the Jeffrey Yeo framework and principles to s 353
offences

26 The Appellant did not dispute that the principles espoused in Jeffrey Yeo
are relevant in the present case. However, he contended that these principles
could not simply be “ported into the s 353 Penal Code context wholesale… with
no regard to the relative severities of both offences”. It was accordingly
argued that the DJ had erred in finding, on the basis of Jeffrey Yeo, that the
“starting tariff” for a s 353 offence was a short custodial term.

27 The essence of the offences in ss 332 and 353 lies in the use of force to
deter a public servant from carrying out his or her duty. As the Respondent
rightly conceded, the actus reus of voluntarily causing hurt under s 332
represents an escalation in severity from that of assault or the use of
criminal force under s 353. This is self-evident from the fact that the
prescribed punishment for a s 332 offence extends to an imprisonment term of
seven years, whereas the prescribed punishment for a s 353 offence only
extends to an imprisonment term of four years.

28 Nevertheless, and as the Appellant accepted, Jeffrey Yeo is relevant
insofar as it highlights the grave societal consequences of attacking police
and other enforcement officers to deter them from carrying out their duties,
and underscores the importance of seeking deterrent sentences in cases
involving such conduct. Jeffrey Yeo also demonstrates that the harm-
culpability matrix can be a useful tool in sentencing such offenders.

29 I find that the considerations which factor into the harm-culpability
analysis for s 332 offences (see Jeffrey Yeo at [60], reproduced at [24]
above) are equally applicable to s 353 offences. It is also evident, however,
that the range of starting sentences for each category of the Jeffrey Yeo
framework must be calibrated at correspondingly lower levels in order to
reflect the lesser gravity of a s 353 offence. Accordingly, I consider this to
be an appropriate juncture to set out a sentencing framework for offences
under s 353 of the Penal Code, using the Jeffrey Yeo framework as a reference
point. Such a framework would help to preserve sentencing consistency, and
resolve potential uncertainty surrounding the applicability of the Jeffrey Yeo
sentencing principles to s 353 offences.

The applicable sentencing framework for s 353 offences

30 My suggested sentencing framework (“the suggested framework”) closely
resembles the Jeffrey Yeo framework, but incorporates appropriate adjustments
to the respective sentencing ranges for each sentencing band. The following
presumptive sentencing ranges apply to first-time offenders who claim trial:

Category| Circumstances| Sentencing band  
---|---|---  
1 | Lesser harm and lower culpability | Fine or up to three months’ imprisonment   
2| Greater harm and lower culpabilityorLesser harm and higher culpability|
Three to eighteen months’ imprisonment  
3| Greater harm and higher culpability| Eighteen months to four years’
imprisonment  
  
31 As I had previously noted in Tang Ling Lee v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR
813 (at [33]) and Public Prosecutor v Ganesan Sivasankar [2017] 5 SLR 681 (at
[57]), presumptive sentencing ranges are not rigid and immutable anchors, but
indicative starting points which seek to guide the exercise of a court’s
sentencing discretion. In assessing the harm and/or culpability of an
offender, courts may have regard to the factors enumerated in Jeffrey Yeo at
[60] (reproduced at [24] above). Once the appropriate sentencing band is
determined using the harm-culpability matrix, further adjustments should be
made to take into consideration other relevant aggravating and mitigating
factors, which may take the starting sentence out of the applicable
presumptive sentencing range. To avoid infringing the rule against double
counting (see Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 at [82]
– [92]), the aggravating and mitigating factors which are considered at this
stage of the inquiry must not feature in the court’s earlier assessment of the
offender’s harm and/or culpability.

32 Like the Jeffrey Yeo framework, the suggested framework applies to police
officers and public servants who are performing duties akin to police duties
at the material time. The latter category includes (but is not limited to)
Commercial Affairs Officers appointed under s 64 of the Police Force Act (Cap
235, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Police Force Act”), intelligence officers appointed under
s 65 of the Police Force Act, and auxiliary police officers like APO Yii “in
so far as they are exercising any police power or carrying out any duties of a
police officer” (see Jeffrey Yeo at [54]).

Arriving at the suggested framework

33 Before applying the suggested framework to the facts of the present case, I
shall briefly explain how I arrived at the range of presumptive sentencing
ranges for each sentencing band.

34 The Jeffrey Yeo framework was intended only to “clarify and rationalise the
existing state of the law and not to alter it” (Jeffrey Yeo at [55]). I was of
the view that the suggested framework should likewise be consistent with
prevailing sentencing norms. Thus, in devising the framework, I undertook an
analysis of existing sentencing precedents, both pre- and post-Jeffrey Yeo,
for s 353 offences. However, for reasons which I will elaborate on shortly, I
accorded greater significance to the sentencing precedents which post-date
Jeffrey Yeo.

35 In the decision below, the DJ declined to attach significant weight to
sentencing precedents that pre-date Jeffrey Yeo. Before me, the Appellant
submitted that this aspect of the DJ’s decision was both erroneous and unfair.
Specifically, he contended that Jeffrey Yeo dealt with an offence under s 332
rather than s 353 of the Penal Code, and that sentencing precedents decided
prior to Jeffrey Yeo “can remain relevant if they are consistent with the
underlying policy considerations in Jeffrey Yeo (in particular, the need to
protect public servants in the exercise of their duties)”.

36 I agree with the Appellant that pre-Jeffrey Yeo sentencing precedents are
not entirely irrelevant. Nonetheless, I take the position that such precedents
should be viewed with greater circumspection for two reasons.

37 First, the High Court in Jeffrey Yeo drew particular attention to the
increasing prevalence of offences involving aggression towards police officers
and highlighted the need to adopt sentencing practices which “reflect
society’s opprobrium of such offences” (Jeffrey Yeo at [50]). While similar
concerns have been touched upon in several s 353 cases decided pre-Jeffrey Yeo
(see for example, Public Prosecutor v Walter Marcel Christoph [2013] SGDC 305
at [17] – [24]), it is undeniable that Jeffrey Yeo provided much-needed
clarity on the specific policy considerations involved in sentencing those who
threaten the effective discharge of police duties.

38 Secondly, available sentencing statistics indicate that more custodial
sentences have been meted out for s 353 offences after Jeffrey Yeo was decided
in November 2017. According to case disposal information on the State Courts’
Sentencing Information and Research Repository, imprisonment terms were
imposed in about 70% of s 353 cases (ie, 344 out of 488 cases) from 22 October
2001 to 5 February 2018. As at 6 January 2020, this figure had increased to
about 81%. Imprisonment was imposed in about 95% of the s 353 cases (ie, 325
out of 343 cases) from 6 February 2018 to 6 January 2020.

39 Thus, although Jeffrey Yeo was not intended to alter the existing state of
the law, it did have a perceptible impact on sentencing outcomes for offences
under s 353 of the Penal Code. As the suggested framework is intended to
reflect current sentencing practices, greater weight should be given to these
contemporary sentencing trends.

Examples of cases that fall within each sentencing band

40 I now set out several examples of cases which fall within each of the three
sentencing bands. Given the wide variety of factual circumstances which may
disclose an offence under s 353 of the Penal Code, I emphasise that the case
examples below are merely illustrative of the types of situations which might
bring an offender within a particular band. As with s 332 offences, it is not
possible to exhaustively enumerate the features of s 353 offences for which
particular types or lengths of sentences will be appropriate (see Jeffrey Yeo
at [62]).

(1) Category 1 cases

41 Category 1 comprises cases where the offender’s culpability and the harm
caused by the offence are both low. In such cases, culpability-enhancing
factors are either absent or present only to a limited extent. Generally, the
victim has not suffered bodily pain or injury as a consequence of the
offender’s acts. The majority of s 353 cases are likely to fall within this
category.

42 An example of a case which falls within Category 1 is Chua Cheng Hong. The
sentence of seven days’ imprisonment which was meted out by the High Court in
that case falls within the low end of the presumptive sentencing range for
Category 1 cases. This is explicable on the basis that the accused’s
culpability in that case was very low. Specifically, the accused was a young
offender (being only 21 years of age). Furthermore, he was a first-time
offender who had acted on the spur of the moment and had not caused any public
disquiet through his defiance of authority. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

High Court Minute Sheet, Chua Cheng Hong v PP (HC/MA 9151/2018/01)

43 A more egregious example is Public Prosecutor v Neo Rong Hao Benjamin
[2017] SGMC 40 (“Benjamin Neo”). In that case, the victim, a female
plainclothes police officer, was deployed to a club where the accused was
working as an operations manager. The accused, who was intoxicated, pushed the
victim on the left side of her chest despite being fully aware that she was a
police officer at the material time. The Magistrate’s Court sentenced the
accused, who had previous unrelated antecedents, to two weeks’ imprisonment.
On appeal, Tay Yong Kwang JA noted that the accused had “not only defied
police authority openly but also inflicted personal insult by pushing a female
officer on her chest” and enhanced the sentence to five weeks’ imprisonment
(see Public Prosecutor v Neo Rong Hao Benjamin in Magistrate’s Appeal No 9160
of 2017/01). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

High Court Minute Sheet, PP v Neo Rong Hao Benjamin (HC/MA 9160/2017/01)

Although several culpability-enhancing factors were present in this case, the
accused’s culpability was ultimately still within the lower range.

44 Yet another example is Public Prosecutor v Stephen Albert [2017] SGDC 246
(“Stephen Albert”). In that case, the accused had fallen asleep in a taxi
after consuming alcohol at a club. The victim, a uniformed police officer,
woke the accused up and requested him to produce evidence of his identity. The
accused directed vulgar words, racist insults and gestures at the victim and
spat on the victim’s face once as he was being escorted to the police car. At
first instance, the accused was sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment in
relation to the s 353 offence. A further similar offence involving spitting on
the victim was taken into consideration. On appeal, Tay JA found that the
accused’s conduct was outrageous, and his acts and words were “contemptuous
and contemptible”. The sentence was enhanced to four weeks’ imprisonment. Tay
JA noted however that although it was “plainly disgusting” to be spat at on
one’s face, there was no evidence that the accused had any transmittable
disease or that the victim suffered in any way from fear of infection (see
Public Prosecutor v Stephen Albert in Magistrate’s Appeal No 9254 of 2017). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

High Court Minute Sheet, PP v Stephen Albert (HC/MA 9254/2017)

45 The accused persons in the cases cited above had all pleaded guilty. As
these cases illustrate, fines are rarely imposed for s 353 offences in the
current sentencing climate. It is telling that the Appellant was unable to
identify any post-Jeffrey Yeo cases in which fines were imposed for offences
under s 353 of the Penal Code. Even before Jeffrey Yeo was decided, fines were
the exception rather than the norm; they had only been imposed in a relatively
small minority of cases. One such case – referred to me by the Appellant – was
Public Prosecutor v An Heejung [2015] SGDC 59 (“An Heejung”). The facts of
this case were somewhat similar to that of Stephen Albert. The accused had
fallen asleep inside a taxi while drunk. The victim, a uniformed police
officer, told the accused to wake up. The accused suddenly kicked the victim
twice on his chest before coming out of the taxi and raising his fist at him.
The accused pleaded guilty and the District Court imposed a fine of $6,000,
noting that he had been so inebriated at the material time that he had no
recollection of the events which had culminated in his conviction (see An
Heejung at [28]). More importantly, he was not a habitual drinker and had
consumed alcohol because he was in a celebratory mood due to his recent
promotion. It was apparent that this was a one-off isolated incident, and that
the accused’s intoxication was “completely out of his character” and he was
generally of a “law-abiding and gentle nature”. The District Judge was mindful
that voluntary intoxication is not a mitigating factor, but concluded that a
fine could be justified on the exceptional facts of this case (see An Heejung
at [29] – [31]).

46 In view of the High Court’s exhortation to adhere to sentencing practices
which “reflect society’s opprobrium of [aggression against police officers]”
(see Jeffrey Yeo at [50]), it would suffice to note that, as is the case for s
332 offences, fines should generally only be imposed in exceptional cases
which lie at the lowest end of the low-harm, low-culpability spectrum for a s
353 offence.

(2) Category 2 cases

47 I turn to consider the cases which fall within Category 2 of the suggested
framework. This category covers cases where (a) the harm caused by the
accused’s conduct is moderate, but his culpability is low; or where (b) the
accused’s culpability is moderate, but the harm caused is minimal or very
slight.

48 An example of a Category 2 case is Public Prosecutor v Wong Hwee Ling
Patricia [2018] SGDC 297 (“Patricia Wong”). In that case, the accused claimed
trial to seven charges involving physical assaults and verbal abuse against
three police officers. This included one charge under s 353 of the Penal Code
for spitting saliva onto a police officer’s face. The accused was sentenced to
three months’ imprisonment for this charge. In sentencing the accused, the
District Court noted that she had related antecedents under ss 353 and 323 of
the Penal Code and had demonstrated a “conspicuous absence of contrition”
during her trial by advancing accusations against the victims which were both
spurious and scurrilous (see Patricia Wong at [94] – [95]). On appeal, the
High Court upheld the accused’s sentence for both s 353 charges (see Wong Hwee
Ling Patricia v Public Prosecutor in Magistrate’s Appeal 9251 of 2018/01). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

High Court Minute Sheet, Wong Hwee Ling Patricia v PP (HC/9251/2018/01)

49 Another example is Public Prosecutor v Ganesan Alagappan [2018] SGDC 74
(“Ganesan Alagappan”). In that case, the accused was charged under s 353 of
the Penal Code for using his hands to slap away a revolver which a police
officer had been pointing at him. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to three
months’ imprisonment. Although the officer did not suffer any physical harm,
the DJ emphasised that the accused’s actions could have triggered the
revolver, which would have resulted in potentially tragic consequences (see
Ganesan Alagappan at [32]). The accused’s appeal against sentence lapsed.

50 Cases involving highly demeaning or unhygienic acts, such as urinating on
or throwing faeces at a victim, have also tended to attract sentences within
the Category 2 range. In Public Prosecutor v Balasubramaniam S/O Thevathas
[2018] SGDC 203, the accused pleaded guilty to three charges, including two
charges under s 353 of the Penal Code. One of these charges involved the
accused exposing his private parts and urinating at a police officer inside
the premises of Tanglin Police Divisional Headquarters, whilst he was in an
inebriated state. The accused was sentenced to seven months’ imprisonment for
this charge. This sentence was upheld on appeal (see Balasubramaniam S/O
Thevathas v Public Prosecutor in Magistrate’s Appeal No 9204 of 2018/01). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

High Court Minute Sheet, Balasubramaniam S/O Thevathas v PP (HC/9204/2018/01)

Similar sentences have been meted out in cases pre-dating Jeffrey Yeo. For
instance, in the unreported case of Public Prosecutor v Goh Eng Chew
(DAC-917350-2015), the accused had hurled a pail of faeces towards a prison
officer and ended up splashing the officer, a staff nurse and another inmate
with faeces. The prison officer suffered a superficial facial injury.
Moreover, there was a risk of human immunodeficiency virus (“HIV”)
transmission as the accused was a HIV-positive patient. The accused pleaded
guilty to a single charge under s 353 of the Penal Code and was sentenced to
eight months’ imprisonment.

(3) Category 3 cases

51 Neither party referred me to any cases which attracted sentences within the
Category 3 range. In my view, only the most egregious cases would fall within
this category. These are cases which are characterised by a large number of
culpability-enhancing factors, such as premeditation, repeated attacks,
related antecedents, and/or the use of dangerous weapons to threaten or
intimidate. Such cases are also likely to involve significant (and potentially
irreversible) harm, not only to the victim but also to the institutional
reputation and authority of the police force and other law enforcement
agencies.

Conclusion on the first issue

52 I now return to the question of whether there is a “starting tariff” of a
short custodial sentence where s 353 offences are concerned.

53 I reiterate that, following the suggested framework outlined above, fines
are only imposed in exceptional cases which lie at the lowest end of the low-
harm, low-culpability spectrum. Meanwhile, lengthier custodial sentences are
generally reserved only for the more serious offences which involve a higher
degree of harm and/or culpability. I thus agree with the Respondent that there
is a “starting tariff” – in the sense of an indicative starting point – of a
short custodial sentence for offences under s 353 of the Penal Code.

54 I hasten to add that this does not mean that the courts will invariably
impose a custodial sentence in every s 353 case. Sentencing should not be
undertaken in an inflexible and formulaic manner. As V K Rajah J (as he then
was) opined in Dinesh Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh v Public Prosecutor
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 1 at [24]:

Every sentence … calls for the embodiment of individualised justice. This in
turn warrants the application of sound discretion. General benchmarks, while
highly significant, should not by their very definition be viewed as binding
or fossilised judicial rules, inducing a mechanical application. [emphasis
added]

55 Thus, I reject the Appellant’s submission that the concept of a “starting
tariff” is unduly prejudicial to the Appellant. The DJ was justified in
finding that a “starting tariff” of a short custodial sentence applies
presumptively in relation to all s 353 offences. This “starting tariff” is
reflected in the suggested framework which I have outlined above, and is fully
applicable in the present case.

Analysis of harm and culpability

56 I next turn to the issue of whether the DJ had erroneously analysed the
applicable harm and culpability factors in the instant case.

Minimal harm suffered by the victim

57 In the decision below, the DJ held that limited weight should be given to
the fact that APO Yii did not suffer physical injury, as the nature of a s 353
offence was such that any hurt caused was bound to be slight. Before me, the
Appellant argued that this reasoning was “fundamentally problematic” as the
actus reus of a s 353 offence is distinct from the degree of harm caused by
the Appellant. Furthermore, the Respondent retains the discretion to charge a
person under s 353 of the Penal Code even if the victim has suffered serious
harm.

58 I agree with the Appellant that, as a matter of general principle, the
ingredients of an offence are distinguishable from the court’s assessment of
the degree of harm caused by an offender. However, I disagree that the harm
caused in the present case was so slight as to automatically warrant the
imposition of a fine. First, the s 353 precedents demonstrate that custodial
sentences are imposed even in cases where the force in question is nothing
more than “minimal, fleeting contact”. Cases in point are Chua Cheng Hong and
Benjamin Neo, where custodial sentences were imposed even though the accused
persons in those cases only came into momentary contact with their victims,
and did not cause any physical injury.

59 Secondly, the Appellant’s act of pushing APO Yii, a female  enforcement
officer, on the chest area above her breast, was insulting not only to her
authority but also to her personal dignity as a woman. The same point was
recognised in Benjamin Neo, where Tay JA opined that the accused had “not only
defied police authority openly but also inflicted personal insult by pushing a
female officer on her chest”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

High Court Minute Sheet, PP v Neo Rong Hao Benjamin (HC/MA 9160/2017/01)

In my view, the amount of harm which APO Yii suffered should not be
trivialised simply because she did not sustain any form of physical injury.

Appellant acted in “fear and panic”

60 The Appellant maintained his position that he had acted in a state of “fear
and panic” because APO Yii had abruptly laid her hands on him. During the
hearing, it was emphasised that the Appellant had merely reacted as an elderly
man would because he did not know what APO Yii, a young female officer, might
possibly do to him.

61 I am unable to accept this submission which is, with respect, contrived and
wholly unconvincing. From the video footage and from the Statement of Facts,
it is evident that APO Yii had only attempted to physically restrain the
Appellant after she had (a) introduced herself as a law enforcement officer,
(b) informed the Appellant of his offence, and (c) requested for the
Appellant’s particulars. The Appellant did not provide APO Yii with these
particulars and began to walk away quickly despite her instructions for him to
stop. It was only then that APO Yii had grabbed his wrist to prevent him from
leaving the scene. In these circumstances, I am unable to see how the
Appellant could have imagined that APO Yii was “laying hands” on him for some
ulterior or sinister purpose.

62 The Appellant also contended that the instant case had to be contrasted
with other cases in which the “accused was the aggressor at the outset and was
already behaving in such a manner before any enforcement action had been
attempted in respect of that accused”. I do not find this comparison to be
helpful. It is true that APO Yii had first made physical contact with the
Appellant. However, APO Yii’s act of grabbing the Appellant’s wrist had only
been necessary because of the Appellant’s blatant attempt to evade enforcement
action by refusing to provide APO Yii with his particulars. Moreover, his
reactions were disproportionately aggressive. He had grabbed her forearm and
pushed her on her chest area above her breast with some force, and had also
struggled in order to break free from her grip. Seen in this light, the
Appellant’s culpability is not very far off from that of an “initial
aggressor” who pre-emptively applies criminal force on a police officer in
order to prevent him/her from carrying out his/her enforcement duties.

Appellant pleaded guilty to the predicate offence

63 The Appellant emphasised the fact that he had pleaded guilty to the
predicate offence of spitting under the Environmental Public Health Act (Cap
95, 2002 Rev Ed) and had been punished with a fine of $400. It was strenuously
argued that the present charge had to be viewed in light of this predicate
offence, and that “any sentence imposed on [the Appellant] ought to be
proportional to his conduct as a whole”.

64 I agree with the DJ and the Respondent that it is not helpful to speak of a
‘predicate offence’ in the present context. The fact that the spitting offence
was a minor regulatory offence bears little relation to the mischief which s
353 of the Penal Code is designed to address. It is clear that s 353 is
concerned only with the severity of what the Appellant did in seeking to evade
apprehension.

Incident did not draw a crowd

65 The Appellant also urged me to give less weight to the fact that the
incident had occurred in a public area. It was stressed that the altercation
between the parties had not drawn a crowd, and that none of the bystanders had
seen fit to intervene or to assist either party.

66 While I acknowledge that there is some force in these arguments, I am
unable to discount the fact (as evidenced by the video footage) that a
substantial number of passers-by had seen and probably also heard the exchange
between the parties. Further and in any event, I consider that the absence of
public disquiet is a neutral, and not a mitigating factor. It does not, in and
of itself, justify a non-custodial term.

Victim was a plainclothes enforcement officer

67 Next, the Appellant highlighted the fact that APO Yii was a plainclothes
enforcement officer. He contended that this was significant in two aspects:

(a) first, it exacerbated the “fear and panic” experienced by the Appellant
upon being physically restrained by APO Yii; and

(b) secondly, it lessens the detrimental impact of the Appellant’s conduct on
the institutional reputation and authority of Singapore’s law enforcement
agencies, as onlookers “may not even have been aware that [APO] Yii was a
public servant”.

68 The first argument was clearly a non-starter. The Appellant cannot
reasonably claim to have been unaware of APO Yii’s identity as she had
expressly introduced herself to him as an NEA-authorised officer. It is also
difficult to see how APO Yii’s unassuming attire (ie a black polo T-shirt and
black pants) could have made her any more intimidating than a uniformed law
enforcement officer, much less cause the Appellant to react in irrational fear
and panic.

69 Turning to the second argument, I acknowledge that APO Yii’s attire may
have influenced the public’s perception of her interactions with the
Appellant. It may not have been obvious to an observer that she was carrying
out enforcement duties, or that the Appellant was refusing to comply with her
lawful directions. As stated at [66] above, however, the absence of public
disquiet is merely a neutral factor. The fact that APO Yii was not attired in
uniform was not so exceptional as to warrant the imposition of a non-custodial
sentence.

Appellant’s prolonged effort to evade enforcement action

70 Finally, I note that the DJ characterised Appellant’s conduct as a
prolonged effort to evade enforcement action rather than a single “one-off”
contact. This was because the Appellant had persistently ignored APO Yii and
had even brushed past her on several occasions, despite her repeated attempts
to stop him from walking off. The DJ held that this “increased [the
Appellant’s] culpability” and assessed him to be more culpable than the
accused in Chua Cheng Hong (see [38] – [39] and [43] of the decision below). I
agree with the DJ’s reasoning and uphold his finding that the prolonged nature
of the Appellant’s conduct is a relevant culpability-enhancing factor.

Overall analysis of the applicable harm and culpability factors

71 Having conducted a holistic review of the harm and culpability factors
outlined above, I am of the view that this is a case that falls squarely
within Category 1 of the suggested sentencing framework. The harm caused by
the Appellant was slight, although not negligible. The culpability of the
Appellant is likewise situated within the low end. While I do not accept that
he had simply reacted out of fear or panic, it is clear that his actions were
spontaneous rather than premeditated. In addition, although the offence was
committed in a public area, its effect on public perception and public order
was minimal because (a) APO Yii was in plain clothes, and (b) the incident was
evidently not disquieting enough to warrant interference by members of the
public, who appeared to regard the confrontation between the Appellant and APO
Yii with more curiosity than alarm.

72 All that being said, it is equally clear to me that this is not a case in
which a fine would be sufficient. As stated at [46] above, fines are only
imposed in exceptional cases – cases where the harm suffered by the victim is
extremely trivial, and where the accused’s culpability has been attenuated to
a very significant extent. This was not such a case.

73 My decision to impose a custodial sentence is also consistent with the
sentencing outcome in Chua Cheng Hong. Like the Appellant, the accused in Chua
Cheng Hong had acted on the spur of the moment and his actions had not
resulted in any real public disquiet. Nevertheless, and notwithstanding that
the accused was a young offender (being only 21 years of age at the material
time), Hoo J saw fit to impose a custodial sentence of one week’s
imprisonment.

74 Taking into consideration the Appellant’s mature age, as well as the fact
that he had persistently refused to comply with APO Yii’s directions, I am of
the view that his sentence should be higher than the one-week imprisonment
term which had been imposed on appeal in Chua Cheng Hong. I find, on a
preliminary assessment, that a sentence of four to five weeks’ imprisonment
would appropriately reflect the levels of harm and culpability involved in the
present case.

75 I now proceed to the final stage of the suggested framework, which requires
me to ascertain if there are any other aggravating and/or mitigating factors
which may warrant a departure from this presumptive sentencing range.

Calibration of the sentence: Other aggravating and mitigating factors

76 I note that there are no other culpability-enhancing circumstances (eg
intoxication, public disquiet, injury suffered by the victim) in the present
case. There are also no significant offender-specific aggravating factors.

77 The Appellant averred that in addition to the harm and culpability factors
highlighted above, there were also a “myriad” of mitigating and/or
compassionate factors which ought to have entitled the Appellant to a
sentencing discount. These may be summarised as follows:

(a) the Appellant’s conduct was one-off and entirely uncharacteristic of him;

(b) the Appellant is sincerely remorseful, as evinced from the fact that he
pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity;

(c) the Appellant is willing to compensate APO Yii for her out-of-pocket
expenses;

(d) the Appellant is a first-time offender; and

(e) the Appellant is a civic-minded individual who has spent nearly his entire
career in the public service.

78 I recognise that there are relevant mitigating factors. The offence was
one-off and out of character, given the Appellant’s previous clean record and
his contributions as a public servant, in which capacity he had served for a
total of 34 years. He had also pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity. I
accept that he is unlikely to reoffend and that the concern for specific
deterrence is correspondingly attenuated to a certain extent.

79 However, having regard to the sentencing precedents and the applicable
sentencing framework, I am of the view that appropriate weight was attached to
the mitigating factors in the DJ’s overall calibration of the sentence. These
mitigating factors are not exceptional enough to warrant the reduction of the
Appellant’s sentence from an imprisonment term to a fine. I reiterate that it
is of vital importance to ensure that police and other officers who are at the
frontline of law enforcement are adequately protected in the exercise of their
duties. These officers frequently deal with unreasonable and uncooperative
individuals and are often at the receiving end of verbal abuse and resistance,
as well as retaliatory acts of force and aggression. As the High Court
observed in Jeffrey Yeo (at [49]), such conduct can lead to serious
undesirable consequences at the societal level if left unchecked. The sentence
of the court must therefore effectively convey the message that such actions
are completely unacceptable.

80 Having weighed the relevant sentencing considerations, I see no reason why
the sentence should be lower than the preliminary sentencing range I have
identified at [74] above. I find that the sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment
is appropriate and proportionate on the facts of this case, and is aligned
with the Category 1 sentencing precedents I have cited at [42] – [44] above.

Conclusion

81 In conclusion, I agree with the DJ that the custodial threshold has been
crossed. The sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment imposed by the DJ is not
manifestly excessive in the circumstances. I therefore dismiss the appeal.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Wong Hin Pkin Wendell and Andrew Chua Ruiming (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
appellant;

Krystle Chiang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

