Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 59

Civil Appeal No 173 of 2019

Between

| Philippe Emanuel Mulacek  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Carlo Giuseppe Civelli  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 676 of 2017

Between

| Carlo Giuseppe Civelli  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Philippe Emanuel Mulacek  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Civil Appeal No 194 of 2019

Between

| Philippe Emanuel Mulacek  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Carlo Giuseppe Civelli  
---|---  
(2)| Aster Capital SA (Ltd) Panama  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 1159 of 2017

Between

(1)| Carlo Giuseppe Civelli  
---|---  
(2)| Aster Capital SA (Ltd) Panama  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Philippe Emanuel Mulacek  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Conflict of Laws] — [Natural forum]

[Conflict of Laws] — [Restraint of foreign proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mulacek, Philippe Emanuel

  
v

  
Civelli

, Carlo Giuseppe and another matter

[2020] SGCA 59

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal Nos 173 and 194 of 2019  
Tay Yong Kwang JA and Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  

15 June 2020

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The appellant, Philippe Emanuel Mulacek (“Mulacek”), appeals against the
decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) on the proper-forum issues in
Suit No 676 of 2017 (“Suit 676”) and Suit No 1159 of 2017 (“Suit 1159”). These
suits were brought by the respondents, being Carlo Giuseppe Civelli
(“Civelli”) and a company controlled by him, whom we will not distinguish
between for purposes of these appeals. Civil Appeal No 173 of 2019 (“CA 173”)
is Mulacek’s appeal against the Judge’s stay of his counterclaim in Suit 676
on grounds that Texas is the more appropriate forum, subject to respondents’
undertaking to discontinue both Singapore suits. Civil Appeal No 194 of 2019
(“CA 194”) is Mulacek’s appeal against the Judge’s refusal to grant an anti-
suit injunction to restrain Civelli from pursing proceedings in Texas. We
dismissed the appeals with costs on 12 June 2020. We now publish our grounds
of decision.

2 The facts are set out in detail in the judgment below. In brief, Civelli
commenced Suit 676 against Mulacek on 25 July 2017 to recover around US$3.7m
for breach of two cash loan agreements. Mulacek’s defence is that the US$3.7m
was not a loan but a disbursement on a beneficiary’s request, pursuant to an
“asset management agreement” under which Civelli was a fiduciary for Mulacek
and eight of his family members (“the Purported Beneficiaries”). Mulacek
brought a counterclaim against Civelli for US$113m, alleging breach of
fiduciary duty and breach of trust.

3 Civelli commenced Suit 1159 against Mulacek on 8 December 2017 to recover
damages and an account of proceeds in relation to the sale of shares. Civelli
alleged that he entered into a share loan agreement with Mulacek and
transferred shares to the trust account of a mutually-known lawyer for
Mulacek’s use. Mulacek had, in breach of trust, instructed the lawyer to
transfer the shares through accounts of corporations beneficially owned or
controlled by him, including various accounts with JPMorgan Chase Securities
and Chase Bank (“the Chase parties”) in the United States. Mulacek’s defence
is that the arrangement to provide shares to him was not a loan but a request
that Civelli provide shares from the assets owned beneficially by him under
the asset management agreement.

4 Three days after commencing Suit 1159, Civelli commenced proceedings in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas against
(amongst other parties) Mulacek and the Chase parties, though process was only
served in April 2018. On 21 May 2018, the Chase parties filed a motion to
dismiss the proceedings against them. This motion was dismissed. On 13 July
2018, Civelli then filed a First Amended Complaint joining four of the
Purported Beneficiaries and increasing the quantum of damages claimed. The
claims in the First Amended Complaint subsumed the Singapore claims of breach
of cash loan and share loan agreements. On 3 August 2018, Mulacek filed a
motion to dismiss the First Amended Complaint. On 11 October 2018 the Texas
court denied this motion on the basis that Civelli’s claims were not time-
barred and were not insufficiently pleaded. On 2 November 2018 Mulacek filed
his Answer and Counterclaim to the First Amended Complaint, with his Texas
counterclaim being substantially similar to his Singapore counterclaim. On 3
November 2018 Mulacek filed a motion to stay the Texas proceedings in favour
of Singapore, which was dismissed by the Texas court on 4 January 2019 on the
basis that Chase Securities was not amenable to the Singapore court’s
jurisdiction and so Singapore was not an available alternative forum.

5 Returning to the proper-forum issues in the Singapore proceedings, on 14
August 2019 the judge rendered her decision allowing Civelli’s forum non
conveniens application to stay Mulacek’s counterclaim subject to the
respondents’ undertaking to discontinue the Singapore suits, and dismissing
Mulacek’s application for an anti-suit injunction. This brings us to the
present appeals.

6 The applicable principles are not in dispute. The resolution of CA 173
hinges on the natural forum enquiry, at the first stage of which a defendant
must establish there is another available forum which is clearly or distinctly
more appropriate than Singapore. The relevant factors include (a) the parties’
personal connections; (b) connections to relevant events and transactions; (c)
the governing law of the dispute; (d) the existence of other proceedings
elsewhere; and (e) the overall shape of the litigation. The natural forum
enquiry is also relevant to CA 194, given that this is also a consideration in
deciding whether to grant an anti-suit injunction: see Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar
v Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra [2019] 2 SLR 372 (“Lakshmi”) at [50] and [53].

7 In our judgment, the starting point is that these appeals are brought
against orders made by the Judge in the exercise of her discretion. Mulacek
has not shown that the Judge applied the wrong principles or that she has
taken into account irrelevant facts. As the decided cases demonstrate, the
court takes a holistic view of all relevant matters and makes a qualitative
assessment as to which jurisdiction is the more appropriate forum to do
justice in each situation. We find that the Judge has satisfactorily done so
by considering all the relevant connecting factors. We make three further
points.

8 First, the Texas court has ruled that it will assume jurisdiction. There is
nothing inherently wrong with, or objectionable about, the Texas ruling that
would warrant this court asserting jurisdiction in disregard of judicial
comity, especially given how the Texas proceedings are at a more advanced
stage than the Singapore suits. The further evidence we have admitted by
consent by paper hearing shows that the Texas proceedings are much further
along, with discovery almost completed.

9 Second, this case is distinguishable from Lakshmi because there is
insufficient evidence of the Texas proceedings being a tactical or strategic
choice on Civelli’s part in order to oppress Mulacek. In Lakshmi, this court
had held at [129] that:

… even where the foreign court has declined to stay its proceedings, it would
not invariably be a breach of comity for the domestic court to grant an anti-
suit injunction if it finds that (a) it is clearly the more appropriate forum
for the dispute; and (b) the defendant in the application has acted in a
vexatious or oppressive manner in commencing the foreign proceedings.

Mulacek has not established vexation or oppression. While he alleges that
Civelli’s inclusion of four of the Purported Beneficiaries as defendants in
the Texas proceedings was designed to pressure him, that assertion is
unfounded because the joinder of these Beneficiaries is prima facie necessary
to resolve the issues in the Texas proceedings. Moreover, the significantly
larger amount claimed in the Texas proceedings compared to the Singapore suits
is explicable by how Mulacek’s own counterclaim has enlarged the scope of the
dispute. Nor does the timing of commencement of proceedings assist Mulacek.
Even though the Texas proceedings were commenced after the Singapore suits
were filed, Mulacek had yet to be served with process for the latter at that
time. This makes it difficult to conclude that the Texas proceedings were
tactically motivated at the time of commencement. We also consider it
significant that the Judge’s refusal of the anti-suit injunction and order to
stay Mulacek’s counterclaim on forum non conveniens grounds was conditional
upon the respondents’ undertaking to discontinue the Singapore suits.

10 Third, all litigants are now before the Texas court following the dismissal
of the motions filed by the Chase parties and Mulacek to dismiss the
proceedings against them. Justice is better served in this case by having all
litigants in a single forum, and such an objective should prevail over the
weight of any countervailing considerations.

11 Accordingly, there is no reason to disagree with the Judge’s conclusions
and we dismiss both appeals. The appellant is to pay to the respondents costs
and disbursements fixed at a global figure of $45,000, for both appeals and
the four summonses that were not objected to (these being CA/SUM 26/2020,
CA/SUM 27/2020, CA/SUM 47/2020, and CA/SUM 48/2020). In view of our dismissal
of the appeals, the respondents are to discontinue the two suits within seven
days from 12 June 2020. There will be the usual consequential orders.

Tay Yong Kwang Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge of Appeal Judge

Salem Bin Mohamed Ibrahim, Charlene Wee Swee Ting, Goh Kian Hong Kenneth and
Leu Yong Ren (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for the appellant in both appeals;  
Cavinder Bull SC, Woo Shu Yan, Tay Hong Zhi Gerald, Ho Wei Wen Daryl and Sun
Fangda (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent in CA/CA 173/2019 and the
respondents in CA/CA 194/2019.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

