Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 107

Criminal Case No 22 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Muhammad Ikrimah bin Muhammad Adrian Rogelio Galaura  
---|---  
|  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Muhammad Ikrimah bin

  
Muhammad Adrian Rogelio Galaura

[2020] SGHC 107

High Court — Criminal Case No 22 of 2019  
Aedit Abdullah J  
12 March 2020

22 May 2020

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The Accused pleaded guilty before me on three proceeded drugs charges, with
three other charges taken into consideration in sentencing. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Hearing Minute for 12 March 2020 (“Hearing Minute”) at pp 1 to 2

One charge was withdrawn on a discharge amounting to an acquittal. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Hearing Minute at p 2

A total sentence of 27 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes was imposed. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Hearing Minute at p 5

The Accused has appealed against his sentence on grounds that it was
manifestly excessive. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CA/CCA 11/2020 Notice of Appeal dated 23 March 2020

The Charges

2 The three proceeded charges were as follows:

(a) Importation of not less than 249.99 g of methamphetamine, a Class A
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), an offence under s 7 of the MDA, punishable under s
33(1) MDA (“Importation Charge”); 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Charge Sheet dated 5 March 2020 (“Charge Sheet”), 1st charge at p 1

(b) Consumption of methamphetamine, a specified drug listed in the Fourth
Schedule to the MDA, an offence under s 8(b)(ii) MDA, punishable under s 33(1)
MDA (“Consumption Charge”); 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Charge Sheet, 4th charge at p 2

and

(c) Possession of not less than 34.01 g of methamphetamine, a Class A
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the MDA, an offence under s
8(a) read with s 18(4) MDA, punishable under s 33(1) MDA (“Possession
Charge”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Charge Sheet, 5th charge at p 2

3 The charges taken into consideration (“TIC”) were:

(a) Importation of two blocks containing not less than 499.99 g of vegetable
matter which was found to contain cannabis, a Class A controlled drug listed
in the First Schedule to the MDA, an offence under s 7 MDA, punishable under s
33(1) MDA (“TIC Importation Charge”); 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Charge Sheet, 2nd charge at p 1

(b) Possession of utensils intended for the consumption of a controlled drug,
an offence under s 9 MDA, punishable under s 33(1) MDA (“TIC Possession
Charge”); 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Charge Sheet, 6th charge at p 3

and

(c) Trafficking of not less than 0.84 g of methamphetamine, a Class A
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the MDA, an offence under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) MDA, punishable under s 33(1) MDA (“TIC Trafficking
Charge”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Charge Sheet, 7th charge at p 3

4 A charge pertaining to importation of cannabis mixture was withdrawn. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Charge Sheet, 3rd charge at p 2

The Facts admitted

5 The Accused admitted to the Statement of Facts (“SOF”), 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of Facts dated 6 March 2020 (“SOF”)

of which the material facts were as follows.

6 The Accused with his wife entered Singapore on 17 October 2017, at about 2
am, at Woodlands checkpoint in a car. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at para 3

During a routine check by officers from the Immigration and Checkpoints
Authority (ICA), a plastic bag containing vegetable matter was discovered;
that vegetable matter was subsequently analysed to contain cannabis. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOF at para 4

Officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) were activated; on further
search, another block of vegetable matter containing cannabis was also found.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOF at para 5

When a canine search was conducted later that morning, two blocks of a
crystalline substance wrapped in Chinese tea packaging were also found at the
right side of the car boot panel. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOF at para 6

Subsequent analysis by the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) disclosed that
these two blocks of crystalline substances contained not less than 249.99 g of
methamphetamine (the “imported methamphetamine”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOF at paras 10 and 11

7 At about 8.30 am that same day, the Accused and his wife were brought back
to their home at Choa Chu Kang; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOF at para 7

there, four packets of crystalline substances were found, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOF at para 7

which were also later analysed by the HSA and found to contain not less than
34.01 g of methamphetamine. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOF at paras 10 and 12

8 Following investigations, it was disclosed that the Accused worked as a drug
courier for one “Shafiq”, whose real identity remained unknown. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOF at para 14

The Accused agreed to go to Johor Bahru to collect items on Shafiq’s behalf
from an unidentified Malaysian drug supplier, and to bring those items into
Singapore, for which the Accused was promised payment of S$1,500. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOF at para 14

Thus on 16 October 2017, the Accused drove to Malaysia with his wife. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOF at para 15

In Johor Bahru, Malaysia, the Accused met with an unknown Chinese man, who
handed to him the imported methamphetamine, amongst other things. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOF at para 15

The Accused hid the imported methamphetamine in the car boot, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOF at para 16

and the other drug bundles in different locations in the car. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOF at para 16

The Accused knew that the packets of imported methamphetamine contained
methamphetamine. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOF at para 17

He then entered Singapore with them in the car. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOF at para 17

9 The Accused was not authorised under the MDA or regulations made thereunder
to import methamphetamine into Singapore. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOF at para 18

By importing the imported methamphetamine, he committed an offence under s 7
of the MDA of importing not less than 249.99 g of methamphetamine. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOF at para 18

10 No information was provided by the Accused to enable the authorities to
identify Shafiq, who remained at large as of 12 March 2020, the date of the
hearing. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOF at para 19 which the Accused admitted to at the hearing

11 After his arrest, the Accused provided urine samples which were found on
analysis to contain methamphetamine. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOF at paras 20 to 21

The Accused admitted that he had been using methamphetamine since early 2017,
smoking about 1 g a week. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOF at para 22

He had done so on or about 16 October 2017, by placing some methamphetamine on
the bottom of a glass instrument, heating the base with a lighter and inhaling
the fumes emitted thereafter. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOF at para 23

As the Accused was not authorised to consume methamphetamine, he had committed
an offence under s 8(b)(ii) of the MDA. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOF at para 24

12 The Accused admitted that the four packets of methamphetamine were part of
a joint stash shared with his wife for their personal consumption. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOF at para 25

He knew that they contained methamphetamine, and possessed them with his
wife’s knowledge and consent. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOF at para 26

He was not authorised under the MDA or its regulations to possess
methamphetamine, and had thus committed an offence under s 8(a) read with s
18(4) of the MDA, punishable under s 33(1) MDA. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOF at para 27

13 The Accused’s wife had pleaded guilty in the State Courts to the same
Possession Charge as the Accused and was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment
for the joint possession of not less than 34.01 g of methamphetamine. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOF at para 28

Antecedents

14 The Accused had no criminal antecedents. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Accused’s Criminal Records filed 6 March 2020

The Prosecution’s submissions

Importation Charge

15 The Prosecution sought at least 27 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes for
the Importation Charge. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Prosecution’s Submissions dated 6 March 2020 (“PS”) at para 3

16 The Prosecution cited Suventher Shanmugam v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR
115 (“Suventher”) as the guiding authority, which laid down a two stage
framework. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PS at para 4

The first stage involves identifying the indicative starting point based on
the quantity of drugs, as the quantity is directly related to the harm to
society and consequently the gravity of the offence. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PS at para 4

The second stage involves adjusting the indicative starting sentence upwards
or downwards to take into account the offender’s culpability, and the presence
of aggravating or mitigating factors. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PS at para 4

These factors include those identified in Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public
Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha”). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PS at para 5

17 The Suventher framework was extrapolated to apply to methamphetamine in
Adri Anton Kalangie v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 557 (“Kalangie”);
Kalangie indicated that importing 249.99 g of methamphetamine, as in the
present case, fell between the band of 217.00 g to 250.00 g, and warranted a
starting indicative sentence of between 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment and 15
strokes. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PS at para 7

The corresponding starting sentence should be 29 years as 249.99 g is at the
highest end of that spectrum. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PS at para 8

18 From the starting sentence, an adjustment downwards of two years was
merited. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PS at p 5

The Accused’s role had been limited to being a courier, and the Accused had
pleaded guilty. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PS at paras 9 and 12

However, the latter ought to be given limited weight as he was caught red
handed (Vasentha at [71]). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PS at para 12

19 There were aggravating factors as: the Accused had actively and personally
concealed the imported methamphetamine in his car, which was a separate
aggravating factor over and above indicating premeditation and planning; 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PS at para 10

the Accused dealt in a variety of drugs at the time, shown by the TIC
Importation Charge of importing 499.99 g of vegetable matter containing
cannabis, which was just short of the threshold for the death penalty. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PS at para 11

20 Given these factors, a two year downward adjustment was generous; 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PS at para 13

it was also in line with the sentencing precedents. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PS at paras 14 to 19

Consumption Charge

21 In Public Prosecutor v Dinesh Singh Bhatia [2005] 3 SLR(R) 1 (“Dinesh
Singh”), the High Court laid down a sentencing benchmark of between 6 to 18
months imprisonment for a first-time offender of drug consumption. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PS at para 20

The factors to be considered include (Dinesh Singh at [39]): the amount of
drugs consumed; the occasion that led to the consumption; whether it was
planned or incidental to some other event; whether payment was involved;
whether there were others simultaneously taking drugs; and whether the accused
was a casual consumer or an addict. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PS at para 20

22 The Accused should be awarded at least nine month’s imprisonment as he had
been abusing methamphetamine since early 2017, and was neither a casual
consumer nor a young offender. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PS at para 22

This would be consistent with the precedents of Tan Woei Hwang v Public
Prosecutor (MA 9147/2017), 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PS at para 23; Prosecution’s Bundle of Authorities dated 6 March 2020 (“PBOA”)
at Tab H

and Sutherland Hugh David Brodie v Public Prosecutor (MA 9044/2019). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PBOA at Tab F; PS at para 23

Possession Charge

23 The benchmark laid down in Dinesh Singh applies similarly to first-time
offenders caught in possession of methamphetamine. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PS at para 21

24 The Accused’s wife had been sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment for the
same Possession Charge. As the drugs were meant to be shared between them,
their culpability was arguably the same and hence the same punishment should
apply for parity of sentencing. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PS at para 24

Total charge

25 The Prosecution argued that the sentences for the Importation Charge and
the Possession Charge should be run consecutively as the offences violated
different legally protected interests (Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan
[2018] 5 SLR 799 at [39]), giving a total of 28 years’ imprisonment and 15
strokes of the cane. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PS at para 25

This would not be crushing as it reflects the overall criminality of the
Accused’s offences. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PS at para 25

The Mitigation and Defence Submissions

26 In mitigation, the Defence pointed to the background and personal
circumstances of the Accused: he was only 23 years at the time of his arrest,
and 25 years old at the time of the hearing; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Mitigation Plea dated 6 March 2020 (“MP”) at para 5

he was unemployed when arrested and had worked in various odd jobs including
delivery and moving; he was married and the couple was renting the flat that
they resided in; his mother hoped that the Accused would be able to take care
of household matters after he is released, when she reached old age. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

MP at paras 6 to 10

27 The Accused expressed his remorse and had “surrendered” the drugs to the
CNB officers at his house. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

MP at paras 17 to 22, 38 to 39

He had no antecedents, and this was the first time he was involved in
importing drugs. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

MP at paras 25 to 27

He had co-operated with the CNB officers in their investigations and
volunteered all the information relevant to his case; he could not provide
further information about Shafiq to the authorities because he did not know
any more than what he had told the CNB officers. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

MP at para 32

The Accused wishes to study during his imprisonment and prepare for future
prospects when released. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

MP at para 40

Importation Charge

28 The Defence sought 22 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane for
the Importation Charge. The indicative starting point would be between 26 to
29 years’ imprisonment for importing 249.99 g of methamphetamine: Kalangie at
[80]. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defence’s Submissions dated 6 March 2020 (“DS”) at para 11

29 The absence of antecedents here points to a lesser need to impose
deterrence. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DS at para 15

Here, there should be adjustment downwards as the Accused is a first time
offender with no antecedents, being 23 at the time of arrest; he has pleaded
guilty and admitted the offence; he was only a novice courier; he had
cooperated in providing whatever information he could; and there was little
sophistication in the commission of the offence. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DS at para 18

30 The Accused only sought payment of S$1,500 as he was suffering from
financial difficulties, and on the facts, he did not in fact profit. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DS at para 21

In any case, financial gain was a factor that is inherently reflected in the
sentencing range and should not be double counted: Loo Pei Xiang Alan v Public
Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 500 (“Loo Pei Xiang”); Public Prosecutor v Lai Teck
Guan [2018] 5 SLR 852. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DS at paras 22 to 24

31 The hiding of the drugs by the Accused should not be an aggravating factor
as it was not done as part of the activity of a drug syndicate, or in the
anticipation of large profit. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DS at para 25

Unlike in Kalangie where the accused there had tried to avoid detection by
ingesting the drug pellets and inserting them into his body, the Accused had
not taken such active and sophisticated steps to avoid detection, and his
efforts were only amateurish. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DS at paras 26 to 27

Further, his attempt to hide was not successful. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DS at para 28

Consumption Charge

32 The Defence sought 12 months’ imprisonment for the Consumption Charge. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DS at para 32

The Accused was not an addict, was new to consumption of methamphetamine and
did not have a high level of consumption. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

MP at paras 28 to 30; DS at para 36

33 On noting that the Prosecution was only seeking 9 months’ imprisonment for
consumption, the Defence submitted orally that that was appropriate. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Hearing Minute at p 3

Possession Charge

34 The Defence sought 12 months’ imprisonment, being consistent with that of
the Accused’s wife. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DS at paras 38 to 39

TIC Charges

35 It was further argued that no increase in sentence should result from the
TIC charges: the TIC Importation Charge was part of the same transaction as
the Importation Charge, which both involved Shafiq; 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DS at para 42

the TIC Possession Charge and the TIC Trafficking Charge were part of the same
transaction as the Possession Charge, as they were all surrendered during the
same house raid at the same place and time. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DS at para 43

The Defence relied on Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2
SLR 998 (“Shouffee”). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DS at paras 42 to 43

36 The global sentence should be 23 years, being appropriate under the
totality principle. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DS at para 50

The Decision

37 I was of the view that the appropriate sentences were: 26 years and 15
strokes for the Importation Charge; 9 months’ imprisonment for the Consumption
Charge; and 1 year for the Possession Charge. The sentences for the
Importation and Possession charges were ordered to run consecutively, with the
sentence for the Consumption Charge running concurrently. The global sentence
was 27 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane, backdated to the date
of first remand, 17 Oct 2017.

Analysis

38 The sentences imposed were appropriate taking into account the applicable
framework and the circumstances of these offences as well as those of the
Accused.

Importation Charge

39 The sentencing framework in respect of drug trafficking and importation was
laid down in Suventher ([16] above). Under this framework, an indicative
starting sentence is first determined by looking at the quantity of drugs
involved; an upward or downward adjustment is then made taking into account
the culpability of the accused, as well as whether aggravating or mitigating
factors were present (Suventher at [17] and [28]). In relation to the second
stage, Vasentha ([16] above) provides a non-exhaustive list of indicia to
assess an accused’s culpability (at [51]), as well as a non-exhaustive list of
aggravating and mitigating factors (at [54] and [70]). The Suventher framework
was adapted and applied to importation of methamphetamine in Kalangie ([17]
above).

The indicative starting point

40 The indicative table specified by the Court of Appeal in Kalangie at [80]
was as follows:

Sentencing Band| Quantity of methamphetamine imported in grams| Indicative
starting sentence in years| Caning in strokes  
---|---|---|---  
1| 167.00–192.99 | 20–22| 15   
2| 193.00–216.99 | 23–25  
3| 217.00–250.00 | 26–29  
  
41 The quantity of imported methamphetamine involved in the present case was
not less than 249.99 g. As the amount in question was just shy of the maximum
ceiling of Band 3, a starting point of 29 years’ imprisonment was appropriate.

42 The Defence argued that the starting point should be between 26 to 29
years. However, Kalangie explained that the indicative starting sentence
should be broadly proportional to the quantity of drugs imported as the
gravity of the offence is to be chiefly measured by the quantity (at [81]). On
the facts of Kalangie, the amount imported was 249.99 g of methamphetamine,
similar to the present case; the court stated that the indicative starting
sentence should be at the higher end of band 3 (at [81]). Thus, though it is
not a mathematical exercise, generally the greater the quantity, the higher
the starting point should be. Reduction for other factors would normally be
addressed in the second stage. The appropriate starting point in this case was
29 years.

The upward or downward adjustment

43 The proposed adjustment by the Prosecution is set out at [18] to [20]
above, considering the aggravating factors, and the mitigating factors relied
on by the Defence are set out at [29] to [31] above.

(1) The relative youth of the Accused

44 The Defence relied on the case of Pham Duyen Quyen v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 2 SLR 591 (“Pham CA”) to argue that youth is a mitigating factor. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DS at para 18

The High Court in Public Prosecutor v Pham Duyen Quyen [2016] 5 SLR 1289
(“Pham HC”) had considered that the accused was 24 at the time of hearing (at
[1]), which was rather young, and treated it as a mitigating factor (at [58]).
This was noted but not reversed in Pham CA (at [58]).

45 In my view, the fact that the Accused was young when arrested, or that he
was a new courier, could not be of much mitigation value in light of the huge
quantity of drugs imported. Youth lessens culpability most when the offence
was committed impulsively or because of lack of maturity; shoplifting from a
dare, or because of a desire to fit in, or a desire to obtain the latest
fashion accessory, are prime examples of situations where immaturity may
attract some reduction of sentence. There, the hope is that the offence will
not be repeated as the offender becomes older. In such situations, youth may
attract hope for rehabilitation and reform. However, such concerns play a
smaller role where the offence in question is more serious and involves
greater criminality. The importation of drugs is such an offence. The severe
consequences are well known; the harm resulting from such acts is pernicious
and affects society as a whole.

46 This was noted in Pham HC itself, relied on by the Defence. There, the High
Court stated at [58]:

In my decision on sentence, I took into account the mitigating factors,
principally that she was a first offender and rather young. However, I could
not ignore the fact that a large quantity of Methamphetamine was involved,
even though the charge had been reduced to a non-capital offence. It was
necessary for the sentence to reflect this large quantity, and also to reflect
the sentences that have been imposed in similar cases.

47 As can be seen, although the judge noted the youth of the offender, this
was outweighed or displaced by the huge amount of drugs imported, and a
heavier sentence was necessary to reflect the large quantity.

48 Finally, it has been noted on various occasions that rehabilitation can be
displaced as the dominant sentencing consideration for young offenders, where
the crime is serious (Public Prosecutor v Koh Wen Jie Boaz [2016] 1 SLR 334 at
[30] cited in Public Prosecutor v See Li Quan Mendel [2019] SGHC 255 (“Mendel
See”) at [28] to [29]). The present case was such a case.

49 In any event, the Accused was not all that young; a young offender has been
generally regarded as one who is 21 or below (Public Prosecutor v Mok Ping
Wuen Maurice [1999] 1 SLR 138 at [21] cited in Kow Keng Siong, Sentencing
Principles in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2009) (“Kow Keng Siong”) at para
22.002; see also Mendel See at [28]). The Accused who was 23 years old at the
time of his arrest should have had been mature enough to understand the
consequences and gravity of his actions.

50 Though not couched as such in the Defence arguments, it may also be thought
that imprisoning the Accused during the supposed best years of his life may be
excessive and should be balanced by a lower sentence. I did not think that
this was a substantial factor; a serious crime was committed and hence the
young and the old, and those in-between, should all face the consequences of
such serious acts to the same degree. In Kow Keng Siong at para 27.134 citing
R v Vaitos (1981) 4 A Crim R 238 at 301, it was observed that the mere fact
that a young offender had to spend many of the best years of his life in
imprisonment, serving a deserved long imprisonment sentence, did not mean that
the sentence should be disturbed.

(2) Financial gain

51 I agreed with the Defendant at [30] above that financial gain is ordinarily
not an aggravating factor. The Court of Appeal in Kalangie at [82] ([17]
above) had established that the motivation of financial gain, without more,
cannot be considered aggravating as most drug importers would be motivated by
some form of material gain and such motivation did not make it materially more
serious than any other typical case:

… However, we respectfully did not agree with the Judge that the fact that the
Accused was motivated by financial gain in making the drug deliveries could,
without more, be considered aggravating. It appeared to us that most drugs
traffickers or importers would be motivated by some form of financial or
material gain, and that the presence of such motivation did not render the
offence materially more serious, or the offender more culpable, than any other
case of drug trafficking or importation. It might be otherwise if there was
something exceptional about the circumstances of the case, such as the role of
the offender or the amount of the gain but nothing of that kind was proven in
the present case.

52 There was nothing exceptional about the Accused’s financial motivation in
the present case and it was only a neutral factor.

(3) Concealment of drugs

53 The Prosecution argued that the fact that the Accused had personally
concealed the imported drugs in the car was a separate aggravating factor,
over and above indicating that the Accused had premeditated and planned the
commission of the offence ([19] above). Hence, the Prosecution’s case seems to
be that concealment of imported drugs ultimately counts as two aggravating
factors.

54 However, not all attempts to conceal drugs should be regarded as an
aggravating factor. It is inherent in almost all importation offences for the
drugs to be concealed. There are hardly any accused persons who would import
drugs into Singapore by placing the drugs openly on the car seat or walking
into Singapore with the drugs in his hand in a transparent plastic bag.
Accused persons will naturally conceal the drugs that they intend to import.
Treating all forms of concealment as an aggravating factor would lead to the
conclusion that all, or almost all, offences of importation are aggravated.

55 Attempts to conceal the drugs being imported should only be regarded as an
aggravating factor where the circumstances suffice to distinguish them from
typical importation offences, such as when they are being concealed in an
unusually sophisticated manner to avoid detection. An example of this can be
seen in Kalangie, as was raised by the Defence ([31] above).

56 Nevertheless, the lack of concealment and/or the lack of sophisticated
concealment are not mitigating factors, but are at best neutral.

57 In the present case, while the Defence described the Accused’s concealment
of the drugs as not being sophisticated, he did hide the drugs in the boot,
which was a clear attempt to evade detection. It may not have succeeded, but
such failure could neither absolve nor mitigate.

(4) Lack of cooperation

58 No further reduction could be given for any cooperation; while the Accused
claimed that he had given the authorities all the information sought, he did
not provide information leading to the identification of Shafiq. Such lack of
information would not mean that he merited a heavier sentence, but it did mean
that he could not avail himself of any additional reduction.

(5) Guilty plea

59 In light of the above, the only mitigating factor was that the Accused had
chosen to plead guilty. His lack of antecedents and limited role as a courier
were not mitigating factors, but at best neutral. The lack of an aggravating
factor is not a mitigating factor, but is only neutral.

(6) Sentencing precedents

60 The Defence relied on the following precedents to argue for a sentence
lower than 27 years.

61 The Accused’s sentence should be lower than that imposed in Mohd Akebal s/o
Ghulam Jilani v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2020] 1 SLR 266. There,
the second appellant was sentenced to 27.5 years imprisonment for instigating
the trafficking of not less than 14.46 g of diamorphine (at [8]) (anything
more than 15 g crosses the capital threshold, as seen in the Second Schedule
to the MDA). The court held that the quantum of drugs alone may not have
warranted a sentence of 27.5 years, but there were aggravating factors that
warranted such a sentence, namely: that the second appellant was not a one-off
trafficker but had been involved in trafficking as a business; and that he was
involved as a part of a group of operatives who were conducting these
activities (at [18]). The present Accused lacked these aggravating factors and
should be awarded a lower sentence. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DS at paras 15 to 16

62 The Accused’s sentence should also be lower than that in Public Prosecutor
v Muhamad Nor Rakis Bin Husin [2017] SGDC 174. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DS at para 17

There, the accused was sentenced to 27 years imprisonment for importing not
less than 247.04 g of methamphetamine; the accused there did not plead guilty,
and had drug-related antecedents. This was explained in Kalangie ([17] above)
at [86]. The lack of antecedents and guilty plea in the present case support a
lower sentence than in that case.

63 I accepted that these cases indicated that the appropriate sentence for the
Accused here should be lower than 27 years.

64 The Prosecution disagreed, arguing that the 27 years’ imprisonment sought
was consistent with Kalangie and Public Prosecutor v Poopathi Chinaiyah s/o
Paliandi [2020] SGHC 37 (“Poopathi”). 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PS at para 14

65 In Kalangie, 25 years was awarded to the accused who had voluntarily
confessed, cooperated with the authorities and pleaded guilty for importing
249.99 g of methamphetamine (at [83]); the Prosecution argued that an uplift
was required in the present case as the Accused had another importation charge
taken into consideration, did not provide information leading to the
identification of Shafiq, and did not surrender to authorities as the drugs
were only found after a thorough search of his car. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PS at paras 15 to 16

66 In Poopathi, the accused was given 28 years imprisonment for trafficking of
499.99 g of cannabis, as well as shorter sentences for trafficking of
diamorphine and possession of cannabis, with a further TIC charge of
trafficking of methamphetamine (at [1] to [4]). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

PS at para 17

The aggravating factors considered were that: the accused had an antecedent
for trafficking; the accused had been released only in 2015 before reoffending
in 2018 and had been undeterred; and the accused had admitted to another TIC
charge of trafficking 25.45 g of methamphetamine (at [22(c)] and [27]).

67 The Prosecution argued that the Accused’s culpability was more similar to
that of Poopathi, as compared to Kalangie, as: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PS at para 19

the Accused had failed to cooperate with the CNB officers in identifying
Shafiq; and also because in the present case there was a TIC Importation
Charge of importing 499.99 g of vegetable matter containing cannabis, a large
amount, which was a far higher quantum than in the TIC charge of trafficking
25.45 g of methamphetamine in Poopathi.

68 I accepted that the Accused’s culpability was higher than that in Kalangie,
given the significant weight awarded to the voluntary confession and
cooperation in that case (at [83]). However, it should be noted that in
Kalangie, the sophisticated concealment of the drugs was regarded as an
aggravating factor (at [82]). The lack of such concealment in the present case
meant that although the Accused was more culpable than in Kalangie, his
culpability was slightly offset by the lack of concealment. The appropriate
sentence should hence be slightly higher than the 25 years in Kalangie, but
lower than 27 years, as stated above.

69 I did not consider this case as equivalent to that of Poopathi, as the
accused in that case was a repeat trafficker who had criminal antecedents. The
accused in Poopathi was also charged with multiple trafficking charges, as
opposed to the single proceeded importation charge in the present case. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PS at para 17

(7) Charges taken into consideration

70 The Defence argued at [35] above, relying on Shouffee, that no uplift in
sentence should be awarded for the TIC charges, as they were part of the same
single transaction as the proceeded charges. However, this reliance on
Shouffee was misplaced. Shouffee stands for the proposition that multiple
proceeded individual charges which form part of the same transaction should in
general be run concurrently (at [27]); it did not discuss the issue of whether
the sentence of a proceeded individual charge should be enhanced based on a
TIC charge which was part of the same transaction as the proceeded charge. No
authority was provided by the Defence in relation to the latter issue.

71 There may be a question of under what circumstances the sentence for a
proceeded charge may be enhanced by a TIC charge which forms part of the same
transaction as the proceeded charge. This may need to be addressed with the
benefit of fuller arguments on the issue, but it was in my view not necessary
to fully discuss this in the present case as the below was sufficient.

72 I found that the sentence for the Importation Charge could be enhanced on
grounds that the TIC charges reflected aggravated criminality. It was noted in
Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 (“UI”) at [38], citing Navaseelan
Balasingam v Public Prosecutor [2007] 1 SLR(R) 767 at [17], that where an
accused had agreed for multiple similar charges to be TIC, that meant that he
had committed many more similar offences and that fact must aggravate the
charges proceeded with. This supported that the proceeded charges be enhanced,
to reflect the aggravated criminality reflected in the multiplicity of
charges.

73 That said, I noted the primary limiting factor that the overall sentence
uplift from the TIC charges should not exceed the uplift in the case where all
charges had in fact been proceeded with. This was noted in UI at [36]:

… [The accused] can also be fairly sure that, despite the TIC offences being
considered by the sentencing court, the increase in the severity of his
sentence for the offences proceeded with will be less draconian than the
sentence which he would have received had the Prosecution proceeded with the
TIC offences as well.

74 It was open to the court to enhance the sentence for the Importation Charge
on the basis that the Accused had imported a variety of drugs, this being
regarded as an aggravating factor in certain situations (Vasentha at [64] to
[67]). Sundaresh Menon CJ in Shouffee had explained that a higher sentence for
importing of a variety of drugs would be warranted where it can be inferred
from this that there was a higher degree of sophistication in the offender’s
drug operations, or that he had been conducting it on a larger scale (at
[67]). The question in each case is whether the variety of drugs showed that
the accused was more culpable, such that he required a more onerous sentence
(Shouffee at [67]).

75 I was satisfied that the circumstances in the present case showed a greater
culpability on the part of the Accused, than if he had only committed the
singular crime of importing methamphetamine. Apart from the TIC Importation
Charge which showed that the Accused had been involved in importing a variety
of drugs, the Accused also had a TIC Trafficking Charge. This TIC Trafficking
Charge was not part of the same transaction as the Importation Charge, since
there was no proximity of place or time, and the bundles involved being
separate bundles of drugs. This showed that the Accused had been involved in a
variety of drug crimes and such trafficking and/or importation were not one-
off offences. These factors seen together aggravated the Accused’s culpability
and could be used to enhance the sentence for the Importation Charge. This
would not prejudice the Accused, as such aggravation would similarly have had
been present even if all the charges had been proceeded with; the Accused
would not be worse off with the charges being taken into consideration, as
compared to them being proceeded with.

(8) Conclusion

76 Overall, considering the guilty plea, the precedents, and the TIC charges
in the present case, I was satisfied that a sentence of 26 years’ imprisonment
and the specified 15 strokes of the cane was an appropriate sentence for the
Importation Charge. The two year reduction from the starting point of 29 years
as argued for by the Prosecution did not align with the precedents and give
sufficient weight to the circumstances, particularly the guilty plea, and a
three year reduction was more appropriate.

The Consumption and Possession Charge

77 The sentences for the Consumption Charge and Possession Charge were not in
dispute. The Defendant initially submitted that 12 months’ imprisonment was
appropriate for the Consumption Charge ([32] above); the Prosecution submitted
that this should attract at least nine months’ imprisonment ([21] to [22]
above). Taking into account that the Accused was neither a very young
offender, nor on the other hand a more habitual drug taker, I was of the view
that nine months’ imprisonment was sufficient punishment for the Consumption
Charge, considering all the circumstances.

78 Both parties agreed that 12 months imprisonment for the Possession Charge
was appropriate, bringing the sentence into parity with the Accused’s wife’s
sentence ([24] and [34] above). There was nothing on the facts to require a
differentiation from what was imposed for the Accused’s wife, and given that
the couple possessed the drugs jointly, the imposition of the same term of
imprisonment was appropriate. However, instead of 12 months’ imprisonment, I
imposed one year’s imprisonment to make the running of sentences more
convenient.

Running of Sentences

79 Under s 307(1) of the CPC, at least two of the sentences had to run
consecutively. It was to my mind sufficient to order the sentences for the
Importation Charge and Possession Charge to run consecutively, giving a total
of 27 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes. The overall sentence was
commensurate with the criminality involved. This was backdated to the date of
first remand.

Conclusion

80 The sentences were imposed accordingly in the circumstances.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge

Chan Yi Cheng and Kenneth Kee (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
prosecution;

Rupert Seah Eng Chee (Rupert Seah & Co.) and Krishna Ramakrishna Sharma (Fleet
Street Law LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

