Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 264

Suit No 932 of 2017

Between

(1)| GA Machinery Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Solid Mining Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Yue Xiang Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Ho Leong Wah  
(3)| Tay Jyh Chau (Zheng Zhichao)  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Credit and Security] — [Money and moneylenders] — [Illegal moneylending]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
GA Machinery Pte Ltd and another

  
v

  

Yue Xiang Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC 264

High Court — Suit No 932 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
8–10 September, 5 November 2020

3 December 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This action is the plaintiffs’ claim against the defendants for breach of
contract. The contracts in question consist of (a) a series of loan agreements
between the first plaintiff (“GA Machinery”) and the first defendant (“Yue
Xiang”); and (b) a series of contracts between the second plaintiff (“Solid
Mining”) and Yue Xiang which appeared, on their face, to be contracts for the
sale and purchase of mining equipment. Both the second defendant (“Ho”) and
the third defendant (“Tay”) had personally guaranteed the amounts due and
owing by Yue Xiang under these contracts. The central issue in this action is
whether these contracts are unenforceable because they were executed in
furtherance of illegal moneylending transactions.

2 GA Machinery and Solid Mining are Singapore-incorporated companies
controlled by one Jesper Lim Chin Yiong (“Jesper”). The plaintiffs’ case is
that GA Machinery and Solid Mining were, at all material times, in the
business of machinery trading. This is disputed by the defendants, who allege
that GA Machinery and Solid Mining were primarily used as moneylending
vehicles.

3 Yue Xiang is a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of mining. At
the material time, Yue Xiang was engaged in several iron sand mining projects
in Indonesia. Ho is the sole shareholder and director of Yue Xiang. Tay was
Ho’s friend and business apprentice at the material time.

4 In or around June 2014, Ho was looking for funders for his iron sand mining
projects. He was introduced to Jesper by a Taiwanese individual known as Lee
Hua Hsiung (“Lee”). After several meetings and discussions between the
parties, Jesper agreed to extend the funds requested by Ho. On 26 June 2014,
GA Machinery and Yue Xiang entered into a loan agreement (“the First Loan
Agreement”) for GA Machinery to loan the sum of S$250,000 interest-free to Yue
Xiang (“the First Loan”). Ho personally guaranteed Yue Xiang’s payment
obligations under the First Loan, which was originally due for repayment on 26
September 2014.

5 On the same day, Solid Mining and Yue Xiang entered into a sales contract
(“the First Sales Contract”) for Yue Xiang to pay S$258,000 to Solid Mining in
exchange for mining equipment comprising six sets of magnetic extractors.
Pursuant to cl 4 of the First Sales Contract, the purchase price of S$258,000
was to be paid by Yue Xiang to Solid Mining by way of 13 post-dated cheques
with each payment due on the first day of each month commencing 1 July 2014
until 1 July 2015. By 1 August 2014, Yue Xiang had made payment of S$20,000
under the First Sales Contract.

6 Subsequently, on 1 September 2014, GA Machinery and Yue Xiang entered into a
second loan agreement (“the Second Loan Agreement”) for GA Machinery to loan
the sum of S$125,000 interest-free to Yue Xiang (“the Second Loan”). The
Second Loan was originally due for repayment on 1 December 2014. Yue Xiang’s
payment obligations under the Second Loan were jointly and severally
guaranteed by Ho and Tay.

7 Four days later, on 5 September 2014, Solid Mining and Yue Xiang entered
into a second sales contract (“the Second Sales Contract”) for Yue Xiang to
pay Solid Mining S$283,000 in exchange for mining equipment comprising eight
sets of magnetic extractors. The Second Sales Contract superseded the First
Sales Contract. Pursuant to cl 4 of the Second Sales Contract, the purchase
price of S$283,000 was to be paid by Yue Xiang to Solid Mining by way of ten
post-dated cheques with each payment due on the first day of each month
commencing 1 March 2015 till 1 December 2015.

8 Yue Xiang requested for an extension for the repayment of the First Loan.
Accordingly, on 2 October 2014, Yue Xiang and GA Machinery entered into an
agreement (“the First Loan Extension”) to extend the deadline for repayment of
the First Loan to 26 December 2014. Yue Xiang’s payment obligations under the
First Loan Extension were jointly and severally guaranteed by Ho and Tay.

9 Subsequently, Yue Xiang sought a further extension for the repayment of the
First Loan, as well as an extension for the repayment of the Second Loan.
Thus, on 11 February 2015, GA Machinery and Yue Xiang entered into two
agreements: (a) an agreement (“the First Loan Further Extension”) to further
extend the deadline for repayment of the First Loan to 26 June 2015; and (b)
an agreement (“the Second Loan Extension”) to extend the deadline for
repayment of the Second Loan to 1 June 2015. Yue Xiang’s payment obligations
under both of these agreements were jointly and severally guaranteed by Ho and
Tay.

10 According to the plaintiffs, Solid Mining and Yue Xiang subsequently agreed
to vary the Second Sales Contract such that Yue Xiang would only purchase four
magnetic extractors, which were listed as item number 3 on the Second Sales
Contract (“Item No. 3”), for the total price of S$125,000. The plaintiffs aver
that they had delivered Item No. 3 to Yue Xiang by 1 July 2015; this is
disputed by the defendants.

11 Yue Xiang was unable to meet its payment obligations under the First Loan
Further Extension, the Second Loan Extension, and the Second Sales Contract.
Consequently, on 30 June 2015, GA Machinery and Yue Xiang entered into a third
loan agreement (“the Third Loan Agreement”) to vary the deadlines for the
repayment of the First and Second Loans. Pursuant to the Third Loan Agreement,
Yue Xiang was to make payment of the First Loan by 26 December 2015, and make
payment of the Second Loan by 1 December 2015. In addition, the Third Loan
Agreement contained an interest clause (“the Interest Clause”) requiring Yue
Xiang to pay interest to GA Machinery at a rate of 10% per annum:

(a) on the First Loan, from 26 September 2014 till the date of full repayment
of the First Loan;

(b) on the Second Loan, from 1 December 2014 until the date of full repayment
of the Second Loan.

Yue Xiang’s obligations under the Third Loan Agreement were jointly and
severally guaranteed by Ho and Tay.

12 On the same day, Solid Mining entered into an extension of credit agreement
(“the Credit Agreement”) with Yue Xiang for Yue Xiang to pay a sum of
S$105,000 (“the Varied Sale Price”), being the price of Item No. 3 less the
sum of S$20,000 (which Yue Xiang had already paid under the First Sales
Contract). Yue Xiang’s payment obligations under the Credit Agreement were
jointly and severally guaranteed by Ho and Tay.

13 Both the Third Loan Agreement and the Credit Agreement were varied twice,
once on 8 April 2016 and again on 30 March 2017, to extend the dates of
repayment of the First Loan, the Second Loan and the Varied Sale Price.
Sometime in March 2017, GA Machinery and Yue Xiang also agreed to vary the
Interest Clause. In lieu of fulfilling the Interest Clause, Yue Xiang agreed
to pay fixed compensation fees of S$160,000 on the First Loan and S$75,000 on
the Second Loan (collectively, “the Fixed Fees”) to GA Machinery by 30 June
2017.

14 When Yue Xiang still did not pay the First Loan and the Second Loan
(collectively, “the Loans”), the Varied Sale Price and the Compensation Fees,
the plaintiffs commenced the present Suit claiming the following sums against
the defendants:

(a) the sum of S$250,000 for the First Loan;

(b) the sum of S$125,000 for the Second Loan;

(c) the sum of S$235,000 for the Fixed Fees and/or in the alternative, damages
to be assessed pursuant to the Interest Clause; and

(d) the sum of S$105,000, being the Varied Sale Price.

15 Crucially, the defendants do not dispute that they have failed to pay the
aforementioned sums. The crux of their defence is that the First, Second and
Third Loan Agreements were all illegal moneylending transactions that are
unenforceable under the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“MLA”).
Furthermore, the Sales Contracts and the Credit Agreement were not bona fide
agreements for the sale and purchase of mining equipment, but sham agreements
that were designed to conceal the exorbitant interest charged by Jesper for
the illegal loans. Although the defendants admit to taking possession of
several magnetic extractors subsequent to the conclusion of the Second Sales
Contract, they claim that there were a total of six, not four extractors, and
that they had purchased these extractors directly from Lee’s Indonesian
company, PT Terus Jaya Indonesia (“PT Terus”). The defendants further contend
that GA Machinery has no locus standi to make a claim for the Loans as the
monies for these loans had originated from other companies. Finally, Tay
claims that the personal guarantees that he executed can be avoided for
misrepresentation.

16 Based on the foregoing, the following issues arise for my determination:

(a) whether the First, Second and Third Loan Agreements are illegal
moneylending transactions that are unenforceable under the MLA;

(b) whether the Sales Contracts are sham agreements that were executed in
furtherance of the illegal moneylending transactions;

(c) whether GA Machinery has locus standi to make a claim for the Loans; and

(d) whether the personal guarantees executed by Tay can be avoided for
misrepresentation.

As the first two issues are interconnected, I will discuss my findings on them
collectively.

17 The law relating to illegal moneylending transactions is established under
s 14(2) of the MLA which provides:

(2) Where any contract for a loan has been granted by an unlicensed
moneylender, or any guarantee or security has been given for such a loan —

(a) the contract for the loan, and the guarantee or security, as the case may
be, shall be unenforceable; and

(b) any money paid by or on behalf of the unlicensed moneylender under the
contract for the loan shall not be recoverable in any court of law.

18 Section 2 defines a “moneylender” as a person who, whether as principal or
agent, carries on or holds himself out in any way as carrying on the business
of moneylending, whether or not he carries on any other business, “but does
not include any excluded moneylender”. Thus, in order to rely on s 14(2) of
the MLA, the burden lies on the borrower to prove:

(a) First, that the lender is not an “excluded moneylender” (see Sheagar s/o T
M Veloo v Belfield International (Hong Kong) Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 524 (“Sheagar”)
at [73]). An excluded moneylender includes, inter alia, any person who lends
money solely to corporations (see limb (e) of the definition of “excluded
moneylender” under s 2 MLA).

(b) Second, that the lender is in the business of moneylending (see Sheagar at
[75]).

19 Counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Derek Kang, argues that GA Machinery is an
excluded moneylender because the Loans were furnished to Yue Xiang, a
corporate entity, and there is no evidence that GA Machinery had ever
furnished any loans to individuals. This is disputed by counsel for the
defendants, Mr Singa Retnam, who argues that although the contracting parties
for the Loans were commercial entities, the Loans were in essence personal
loans that were extended by Jesper to Ho.

20 In ascertaining whether the excluded moneylender exception applies, it is
not enough to show that the borrower is a corporation (see E C Investment
Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and another (Orion Oil Ltd and
another, interveners) [2011] 2 SLR 232 (“E C Investment”) at [139(b)]). The
question is one of substance and not of form, although the form of the
transaction would prima facie reflect the substance of the transaction (see
Sheagar at [81]).

21 In my view, the interpretation and application of the MLA must be guided by
its underlying legislative intent. As observed by the Court of Appeal in
Donald McArthy Trading Pte Ltd and others v Pankaj s/o Dhirajlal (trading as
TopBottom Impex) [2007] 2 SLR(R) 321 (at [6] and [9]), Parliament intended the
MLA to be a social legislation designed to protect individuals who, being
unable to borrow money from banks and other financial institutions, have to
turn to unscrupulous unlicensed moneylenders who prey on people like them.
Conversely, the MLA was not intended to prohibit or impede legitimate
commercial intercourse between commercial persons. Thus, although “[i]t would…
be wholly inappropriate to apply the MLA to commercial transactions between
experienced business persons or entities… the position could be quite
different if the parties had wilfully attempted to structure a transaction so
as to evade the application of the MLA” (City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich
Electronics Pte Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R) 733 at [22]).

22 Turning to the facts of the present case, Ho’s evidence was that when he
had first sought funding from Jesper, “this funding was discussed as a
personal loan from Jesper Lim”. It was only later on that Jesper had informed
him that the loan ought to be structured as an inter-company loan so as to
avoid “moneylending behaviour”. This was disputed by Jesper, who claimed GA
Machinery had “a lot of used machinery to transfer or sell to Yue Xiang”, and
because GA Machinery, Yue Xiang and PT Terus might “en[d] up with a three-
party joint venture”, GA agreed to help Yue Xiang by lending money directly to
Yue Xiang. Jesper did not provide any further explanation of how this
convoluted transaction might work.

23 As there was no contemporaneous evidence of the circumstances surrounding
the Loan Agreements, my findings on this issue turn primarily on the parties’
testimonies. Despite the presence of several discrepancies between his
affidavits, Ho struck me as a candid and forthright witness. I accept that Ho
had readily entered into the Loan Agreements despite knowing that they were
moneylending transactions because he had been facing severe cash-flow problems
and was desperate to secure additional funding on short notice. By contrast,
Jesper’s explanation that GA Machinery and Yue Xiang might eventually form a
joint venture seems contrived. Despite its obvious significance, this
explanation had not been raised in any of Jesper’s affidavits and had only
emerged for the first time at trial. I therefore prefer Ho’s account of the
events which had transpired between Jesper and himself.

24 Admittedly, this was not a case where the Loans had been granted to Ho for
his own domestic or social expenses. Rather, as Ho himself conceded during
cross-examination, the loans were intended to fund Ho’s iron sand mining
projects (which, presumably, he was undertaking through Yue Xiang). However,
it is important to note that Ho was, at all material times, the sole director
and shareholder of Yue Xiang. The evidence suggests not only that Ho was the
only person behind Yue Xiang, but also that he treated Yue Xiang as an
extension of himself. It did not matter to Ho whether the Loans were extended
to Yue Xiang or to himself personally. In fact, but for Jesper’s insistence
that the Loans be furnished to Yue Xiang instead of Ho in order to circumvent
the MLA provisions, it is likely that the Loans would have been structured as
personal loans. Therefore, although the Loans may have been commercial loans
in form, I am satisfied that they are personal loans in substance. I thus
reject the plaintiffs’ argument that GA Machinery was an excluded moneylender
under the MLA.

25 I now proceed to determine whether GA Machinery was “in the business of
moneylending”. Although the burden of proving this fact lies on the borrower,
s 3 of the MLA provides that “[a]ny person, other than an excluded
moneylender, who lends a sum of money in consideration of a larger sum being
repaid shall be presumed, until the contrary is proved, to be a moneylender”.

26 It is undisputed that the Loans were, on their face, interest-free.
According to Ho, however, Jesper told him that the interest on the Loans was
4% per month, and that the amounts of interest due each month were set out
under the payment schedules of the Sales Contracts. Thus, were the Sales
Contracts sham agreements that did not reflect genuine sales of machinery by
Solid Mining to Yue Xiang?

27 According to the defendants, the four magnetic extractors which Yue Xiang
took possession of in 2014 were purchased directly from PT Terus, and not from
Solid Mining as alleged by the plaintiffs. After the commencement of this
action, Jesper had requested for Ho sign a backdated letter acknowledging
receipt of Item No. 3, as well as a backdated delivery order for Item No. 3.
However, Ho had not signed these documents as he believed their contents to be
untrue. There is therefore no evidence whatsoever evidencing the delivery of
equipment under the Sales Contracts.

28 In response, the plaintiffs argue that Ho had expressly stated in his AEIC
dated 25 January 2018 (“the 2018 Affidavit”) that the four magnetic extractors
were purchased under the Second Sales Contract as Item No. 3. Additionally,
there was no evidence of the purported sales contract between Yue Xiang and PT
Terus.

29 The state of the evidence before me is certainly not satisfactory, but I am
inclined to accept the defendants’ account. First, although there were clear
inconsistencies between the 2018 Affidavit and Ho’s testimony at trial, I am
of the view that these inconsistencies are not fatal to the defendants’ case.
The context of the 2018 Affidavit must be borne in mind. At the time, the
plaintiffs had obtained a default judgment against Ho, and the plaintiffs’
solicitors had procured Ho to depose the 2018 Affidavit on matters of fact
relating to the proceedings between the plaintiffs and Tay. Although the
plaintiffs’ solicitors’ actions were not incorrect in law, Ho was not
represented at the material time and was, it seemed to me, not fully apprised
of the significance of the 2018 Affidavit and the statements therein. I
caveat, however, that my view is that the discrepancies in the 2018 Affidavit
were likely the product of Ho’s own ignorance, and not (as counsel for the
defendants claim) the result of any misconduct or negligence on the
plaintiffs’ solicitors’ part.

30 Second, the plaintiffs did not tender any documentary evidence to prove
that a delivery (or deliveries) had taken place under the Second Sales
Contract. In contrast, the defendants adduced various documents showing that
Yue Xiang had remitted monies to various parties for its purchase of the four
magnetic extractors from PT Terus. These include (a) a transfer slip showing
that Yue Xiang had made a S$63,318.06 remittance to an entity called Unibest
Shipping and Logistics Co (“Unibest”), and (b) a transfer slip showing that
Yue Xiang had remitted NTD 150,000 to a Taiwanese bank account belonging to an
individual called Yu Chi Han (“Yu”). There was also a WhatsApp conversation
between Ho and Tay dated 11 January 2018 which I reproduce below for
convenience:

Ho: I told [Jesper] how to sign [the backdated letter acknowledging receipt of
the magnetic extractors]? He said is true I took the machines.

Tay: But the machines not from him

Tay: Not he sold you

Ho: Both know from Lee.

31 Admittedly, the defendants’ evidence is not without problems. Aside from
Ho’s and Tay’s testimonies, there is no evidence to show that Yu was, as the
defendants claim, Lee’s wife. Nor is there any documentary evidence to show
that Unibest was a company that was owned by or related to Lee. The WhatsApp
conversation must also be treated with circumspection given that it is not
contemporaneous with the purchase of the magnetic extractors. Nevertheless,
and as stated at [23] above, I am satisfied that Ho is a more credible witness
than Jesper. I find it incredible that Solid Mining does not have even a shred
of evidence to prove that delivery had taken place under the Sales Contracts.
Overall, the weight of the evidence leans in the defendants’ favour.
Furthermore, the absence of documentary evidence belies the simple fact that
Ho was in need of money urgently. In the broader context, this supports the
defendants’ case as it demonstrates that Ho was the type of vulnerable and
inexperienced victim contemplated by the MLA.

32 Finally, the timing of the Loan Agreements and the Sales Contracts supports
the defendants’ claims that they were in fact related. Tellingly, the First
Loan Agreement and the First Sales Contract were signed on the very same day.
The Second Sales Contract was signed just four days after the Second Loan
Agreement was signed. When asked about this coincidence of dates during cross-
examination, Jesper’s explanation was as follows:

A: This is part of the commercial negotiation to extend the loan for the cash
flow without interest so that we can dispose of my machine, my mining
equipment to sell it to [Ho] so that he can have it for the operation. So it’s
part and parcel of the commercial decision.

Q: What decision?

A: Commercial decision.

Q: What decision?

A: Commercial decision that I extend to him the loan, he promise to buy my
equipment.

33 This explanation, like Jesper’s clarification that he had wanted to form a
joint venture with Yue Xiang, only surfaced at trial. There were no records
whatsoever, eg in the form of correspondence or meeting minutes, documenting
the alleged “commercial negotiation” between Jesper and Ho. Given Jesper’s
apparent tendency to embellish his evidence, it appeared to me that this
“commercial negotiation” was simply another excuse which Jesper had devised to
avoid liability under the MLA.

34 In the premises, I am satisfied that Ho did not take possession of Item No.
3, and is therefore not obliged to pay the Varied Sale Price to Solid Mining.
I also find that the Sales Contracts were not bona fide contracts for the sale
and purchase of mining equipment, but sham agreements that were designed to
conceal the interest that Jesper (through GA Machinery) was charging for the
Loans.

35 I acknowledge that the payment schedules in the Sales Contracts appear to
disclose a substantially higher monthly interest rate than the 4% alleged by
Ho. Under the First Sales Contract, Yue Xiang was required to pay Solid Mining
instalments of S$10,000 from 1 July 2014 to 1 September 2014, and instalments
of S$22,800 per month from 1 October 2014 to 1 July 2015. This works out to an
interest rate of 4% per month for the first three months, and 9.12% per month
for the next ten months, on a loan of S$250,000. Under the Second Sales
Contract, Yue Xiang was required to play Solid Mining instalments of S$22,800
per month from 1 March 2015 to 1 July 2015, and instalments of S$33,800 per
month from 1 August 2015 to 1 December 2015. This works out to an interest
rate of 6.08% per month for the first five months, and 9.01% for the next five
months, on a loan of S$375,000 (ie, the combined value of the First and Second
Loans).

36 Notwithstanding the inconsistency, I accept Ho’s testimony that the Loans
were not disbursed interest-free, and that the amount of interest payable ⸻
regardless of whether it was 4% per month or 9.12% per month or more ⸺ was
fixed at an exorbitant rate. Thus, the presumption under s 3 of the MLA
applies and the burden shifts to the plaintiffs to prove that GA Machinery was
not in the business of moneylending.

37 There are two tests to determine whether a person is in the business of
moneylending (E C Investment at [135]). The first is whether there is a
certain degree of system and continuity in the moneylending transactions. If
the answer is no, the court applies the second test, which is whether the
alleged moneylender is one who is willing to lend to all and sundry provided
that they are from his point of view eligible.

38 I accept that there was no system and continuity in the transactions. In
this case, only two loans were made, and it does not appear that the loan
amounts, the interest amounts or the methods of disbursing the loans were
fixed or organised in a systematic manner. The defendants’ claims that Jesper
had set up various companies to conduct moneylending transactions under the
guise of dealing in machinery are entirely speculative. Moreover, the
plaintiffs have disclosed the bank statements of GA for May to June 2014 which
do not reveal any routine series of loans, whether to Yue Xiang or otherwise.

39 Nonetheless, I accept the defendants’ argument that Yue Xiang was, for all
intents and purposes, “all and sundry”. Jesper and Ho had barely known each
other at the time of the relevant transactions and, as stated at [23] above, I
disbelieve Jesper’s evidence that he had intended for GA Machinery to enter
into a joint venture with Yue Xiang. In my view, Jesper had procured GA
Machinery to extend the Loans to Yue Xiang because he foresaw an opportunity
to make a profit therefrom. Ho had no choice but to agree to the exorbitant
interest rates because of his desperate need for money. This was precisely the
kind of transaction that the MLA was designed to prevent.

40 I therefore find that GA Machinery is a “moneylender” for the purposes of s
2 of the MLA, and that the Loans and the Fixed Fees are not recoverable
pursuant to s 14(2) of the MLA.

41 Although it is no longer necessary for me to deal with the defendants’
final two contentions, I will address them briefly for completeness.

42 I turn first to the defendants’ submission that GA Machinery lacks the
locus standi to make a claim for the First and Second Loans. According to the
defendants, the monies for the First Loan had been provided by a company
called J Lim Piling Pte Ltd (“J Lim”), and the monies for the Second Loan had
been provided by a company called Jay Machinery Pte Ltd (“Jay Machinery”). As
such, GA Machinery is not the proper party to recover the First and Second
Loans since it has not suffered any loss therefrom.

43 I agree with the plaintiffs that this argument is bound to fail. It is
undisputed that the monies for the Loans were transferred by J Lim and Jay
Machinery to GA Machinery, which then disbursed these sums to Yue Xiang
directly. There is no legal requirement that the source of funds for a loan
transaction must originate from the lender in question. There is accordingly
no doubt that GA Machinery, being the party with which Yue Xiang, Ho and Tay
contracted, has the standing to bring the present claim.

44 Nonetheless, the fact that monies were freely transferred between GA
Machinery, J Lim and Jay Machinery ⸺ companies that Jesper has admitted to
having either full or partial ownership of ⸺ further shows that the Loans were
really transactions between Jesper to Ho, the true moneylender and the true
borrower respectively.

45 Finally, I turn to the issue of whether the personal guarantees executed by
Tay in respect of the Loans can be avoided for misrepresentation. I note at
the outset that this aspect of the defendants’ case was not entirely clear.
The defendants originally pleaded that Tay had executed the personal
guarantees because he was under the false impression that the Loans were
interest-free loans. No specific vitiating factors (eg misrepresentation or
mistake) were pleaded. At trial, Tay raised the new (and hitherto unpleaded)
allegation that he had signed the guarantee under the Third Loan Agreement
because he had incorrectly believed Yue Xiang’s obligations under that
contract were secured by an existing mortgage on Ho’s property (“the Hillview
property”). Curiously, this allegation was abandoned again in the defendants’
closing submissions, where it was clarified that Tay sought to avoid the
personal guarantees on the basis that GA Machinery had misrepresented to him
that the Loans were interest-free.

46 I agree with the plaintiffs that there is no merit in this submission. The
fundamental flaw in Tay’s claim is that the defendants have not proven that
the representation in question emanated from the plaintiffs. It is clear that
Ho himself was fully aware that the Loans were not interest-free, as the
interest payable had been disguised in the form of the sham Sales Contracts.
There is nothing to suggest that Jesper or any of the plaintiffs’ agents had
intentionally or unintentionally concealed this fact from Tay. Moreover, Tay’s
knowledge of the terms of the First and Second Loan Agreements was entirely
derived from Ho.

47 Nevertheless, for the reasons stated at [17]–[40] above, the plaintiffs’
claim is dismissed in its entirety. I will hear parties on costs at a later
date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Lim Shi Zheng Lucas (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the
plaintiffs;  
Singa Retnam (I.R.B Law LLP) (instructed), Abdul Wahab bin Saul Hamid and
Jeremy Chew (A.W. Law LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Dec 2020 (12:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

