Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 95

Community Justice and Tribunals Appeal No 1 of 2019

Between

Lai Kwok Kin

… Appellant

And

Teo Zien Jackson

… Respondent

judgment

[Tort] — [Harassment] — [Protection order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lai Kwok Kin

  
v

  

Teo Zien Jackson

[2020] SGHC 95

High Court — Community Justice and Tribunals Appeal No 1 of 2019  
See Kee Oon J  
13 March 2020

12 May 2020 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the District Judge (“the DJ”) in
Lai Kwok Kin v Teo Zien Jackson [2019] SGDC 276 (“the decision below”)
dismissing the appellant’s application for a protection order (“PO”) under s
12 of the Protection from Harassment Act (Cap 256A, 2015 Rev Ed) (“POHA”).

2 Section 12(2) of the POHA provides that a victim of harassment under ss 3 to
7 of the POHA can obtain a protection order (“PO”) from a District Court
provided that the court is satisfied on a balance of probabilities that:

(a) the respondent has contravened ss 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 of the POHA in respect
of the victim (see s 12(2)(a) of the POHA);

(b) the contravention referred to in paragraph (a) is likely to continue, or
the respondent is likely to commit a further contravention of ss 3, 4, 5, 6 or
7 of the POHA in respect of the victim (see s 12(2)(b) of the POHA); and

(c) the grant of a PO is just and equitable in all the circumstances (see s
12(2)(c) of the POHA).

3 In the proceedings below, the DJ declined to grant a PO on the basis that
the threshold requirements under ss 12(2)(b) and (c) of the POHA had not been
satisfied. Before me, the appellant contended that the DJ had erred in finding
that the respondent’s contravention was not likely to continue and that,
accordingly, it would have been just and equitable to grant a PO.

4 Having heard the parties’ submissions, I dismiss the appeal. I set out my
reasons below.

Facts

The parties

5 The appellant is the managing director and founder of WeR1 Consultants Pte
Ltd (“WeR1”). WeR1 is a financial communications company which is primarily
engaged in raising the profiles of listed and unlisted companies to (a)
financial and business media, and (b) the investment community. WeR1 also
provides litigation public relations services. These services include advising
their clients on media perception, potential questions from the media and how
best to answer these questions.

6 The respondent is a former employee of WeR1. Prior to his employment with
WeR1, he had studied and worked in the United States. He returned to Singapore
in late 2017 and carried out ad hoc freelance writing projects before securing
a job with WeR1.

Background to the dispute

7 The respondent started work with WeR1 on 18 May 2018. Shortly after
commencing employment, the respondent had a run-in with two of WeR1’s interns.
This led to a meeting on 28 May 2018 between the respondent, the appellant,
WeR1’s Human Resource manager, and one Sarinderjit Kaur (“Ms Kaur”), the
plaintiff’s wife and co-director.

8 After this meeting, the respondent decided to resign, giving two weeks’
notice as required under his employment contract. He notified Ms Kaur of his
intention to do so via a Whatsapp message on 29 May 2018. The respondent was
subsequently informed that WeR1 would accept his resignation but would not be
paying him seven-days’ worth of salary, notwithstanding that he had reported
to work for the past seven days.

9 On 30 May 2018, the respondent sent an e-mail to several of WeR1’s staff
members, including the appellant. In the e-mail, the respondent threatened the
appellant as follows:

… [I] cannot let you get away this time with this, its [sic] for your own
good. you need to learn.

now, I will not publicize this to your clients no matter what.

…

i will be going to MOM tomorrow afternoon. just FYI. please do the right
thing. KK… life can be very simple. I mean no ill intentions – actually, what
i am telling you to do now is even a matter of course – both legally and
professionally. it is very clear.. or it should be, to any educated mind who
is being very childish here. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Bundle of Documents (“ABD”) at p 142

10 On 31 May 2018, the respondent sent a further e-mail to the appellant using
another e-mail account. In this e-mail, the respondent suggested that the
appellant was a “pig-headed” and “self-dece[iving]” person who made
unintelligent arguments. The respondent also proclaimed that, armed with
“official documentation” from the Ministry of Manpower, he could scan and
paste a “government edict” on the appellant’s Jobstreet or Facebook page, and
send it to all the appellant’s clients – but that he would not do so. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ABD at pp 143-145

11 On the same day, the respondent lodged a claim with the Ministry of
Manpower against WeR1 for salary in-lieu of notice.

12 On 4 June 2018, WeR1’s solicitors sent a letter of demand to the respondent
warning him to cease and desist from communicating with WeR1 or its staff,
failing which legal proceedings would be commenced against him.

13 The respondent received the letter of demand on 7 June 2018. On the same
day, he sent a Short Message Service (“SMS”) message to the appellant saying
“Btw kk … I just received ur nonsensical lawyers letter. First of all… go
ahead n sue me already…” and “Btw … check ur facebook page tonight”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ABD at para 68

He then proceeded to post adverse reviews of WeR1 on its Facebook page and on
Google Reviews. In these posts, the respondent referred to the appellant by
his initials (“KK”) and criticised him by claiming, inter alia, that the
appellant “contradicts himself when it suits the whims of his mood”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ABD at p 149

14 The respondent also created a blog entitled “WeR1 Consultants” and posted a
text post entitled “A Cautionary Tale” on that blog. The contents of this blog
post were largely similar to the contents of the respondent’s adverse reviews.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ABD at pp 156-158

15 Shortly thereafter, WeR1 disabled the reviews on its Facebook page, such
that the respondent’s Facebook review was no longer accessible by members of
the public.

16 On or around 9 June 2018, the respondent deleted his Google review on his
own accord. He also voluntarily deactivated his Google Plus account, on the
assumption that this would cause his blog post to be deleted as well. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ABD at p 14, paras 47 to 48

The respondent then sent an e-mail to the appellant informing him that he had
removed the adverse reviews and wished to resolve the dispute as soon as
possible. The concluding paragraphs of this e-mail read: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ABD at p 148

[A]s a gesture of goodwill, i have already taken down the reviews. i only
meant to send a message, whcih [sic] is that I really do not want to have to
drag this out – but would be inclined to do what i have to do in protecting my
rights if i really have no other choice.

…

I honestly hope we can just settle this asap. i have already found another
job.. and everything else in my life except for this issue is going well.
again, there really is no need for vindictiveness on either party. thanks.

17 Between 9 June 2018 and 18 June 2018, there were no further communications
between the respondent and the appellant, or between the respondent and any of
WeR1’s staff members. On 12 June 2018, the appellant reported the respondent’s
blog to the blog administrators for harassment and/or bullying. On 18 June
2018, the appellant commenced DC/PHA 69/2018, seeking a PO under s 12 of the
POHA to prohibit the respondent from doing the following things in relation to
the appellant:

(a) using threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour and/or
making/publishing any threatening, abusive or insulting communication
(including but not limited to any words, image, message, expression, symbol)
causing harassment, alarm and/or distress to the appellant; and

(b) using threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour and/or
making/publishing any threatening, abusive or insulting communication
(including but not limited to any words, image, message, expression, symbol)
which is heard, seen or otherwise perceived to cause harassment, alarm and/or
distress to the appellant.

Events following the commencement of the action

18 On the same day that the action was commenced, the appellant applied for
and obtained an expedited protection order (“EPO”) against the respondent. The
parties then attended several pre-trial conferences (“PTCs”) before the Deputy
Registrar.

19 During the PTC held on 13 August 2018, the respondent was informed by the
appellant that (a) his blog post remained live even though he had deactivated
his Google Plus account; and (b) his Facebook review had not been taken down
from WeR1’s Facebook page. In response, the respondent stated that he was
prepared to remove both reviews. As such, the appellant directed his colleague
to re-activate WeR1’s Facebook review tab so as to facilitate the removal of
the Facebook review.

20 On the same day, the respondent took down his blog post. However, as the
Facebook review still had not been removed two days after the PTC, the
appellant assumed that the respondent was unwilling to take down the Facebook
review and instructed his colleague to disable WeR1’s Facebook review tab
again.

21 The appellant also took issue with the fact that Google searches against
the respondent’s defunct blog continued to show the following caption: “Why
WeR1 Consultants is the worst PR agency in town”. To resolve this problem, the
respondent wrote to Google and blogger.com on 20 November 2018 and 4 December
2018 respectively to request for the removal of the cached link to the
respondent’s blog from the Google search engine.

22 As the parties were still unable to reach a compromise, the case proceeded
to trial.

The decision below

23 In the decision below, the DJ held that the respondent’s conduct
contravened ss 3 and 4 of the POHA as his instant messages, e-mail messages,
online reviews and blog post had been intentionally created to harass the
appellant, and had in fact caused him to suffer harassment, alarm and
distress. The DJ also found that the respondent’s conduct had “gone beyond the
ambit of reasonable conduct”. Accordingly, the first threshold requirement
under s 12(2)(a) of the POHA was satisfied.

24 The DJ then proceeded to consider the second threshold requirement under s
12(2)(b) of the POHA and found, on a balance of probabilities, that the
respondent’s contravention was not likely to continue. In arriving at this
conclusion, the DJ took into consideration the following:

(a) The respondent had failed to remove his Facebook review because he had not
been able to access the review tab on WeR1’s Facebook page. He did not know
that the review tab had subsequently been re-activated for him to delete his
Facebook review.

(b) The cached link to the respondent’s deactivated blog was effectively a
dead link. Whilst the cache did reveal the caption “Why WeR1 consultants is
the worst PR agency in town”, this caption was not insulting, threatening or
abusive vis-à-vis the appellant.

(c) All things considered, the respondent had tried his level best to resolve
the matter and appease the appellant.

25 Correspondingly, the DJ found that granting a PO would not be just and
equitable under s 12(2)(c) of the POHA. While the respondent’s communications
and conduct amounted to harassment, the offending communications had stopped
by 9 June 2018 and the remnants of the respondent’s online posts/reviews (with
the exception of the hidden Facebook review) had been removed by December
2018. Furthermore, there was no evidence that the respondent’s actions had
caused any major emotional or psychological impact on the appellant.

26 The requirements under s 12(2) of the POHA are conjunctive in nature. As
such, the appellant’s application for a PO necessarily failed since he had not
met the requirements under ss 12(2)(b) and (c) of the POHA.

The parties’ cases on appeal

The appellant’s case

27 On appeal, the appellant focused his submissions on the DJ’s interpretation
and application of the requirement under s 12(2)(b) of the POHA. Specifically,
the appellant urged the court to adopt a “pre-emptive” approach towards the s
12(2)(b) requirement. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions (“ASS”) at para 32

Based on this “pre-emptive” approach, the court would adopt the “starting
position” that a PO ought to be granted once the requirement under s 12(2)(a)
of the POHA is made out. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASS at para 48

28 The appellant also contended that any consideration of the likelihood of
harassment continuing under s 12(2)(b) of the POHA must necessarily exclude
the duration subsequent to the filing of the appellant’s application and the
issuance of the EPO. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASS at para 27

Alternatively, even if the DJ had not erred in considering the respondent’s
conduct during the pendency of the proceedings, such conduct ought to have
supported the grant of a PO instead. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASS at para 61

29 In relation to the requirement under s 12(2)(c) of the POHA, the appellant
submitted that the court ought to have placed greater emphasis on the
respondent’s harassing acts and the consequences of these acts, as opposed to
his subsequent mitigating acts. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASS at para 65

Following this approach, it would have been just and equitable to allow the
appellant’s application for a PO.

The respondent’s case

30 The respondent averred that the DJ had not erred in considering acts which
had taken place during the pendency of the suit. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s Skeletal Submissions (“RSS”) at para 54

Further or alternatively, even if the DJ was required to disregard these acts,
she had correctly concluded that the respondent’s contravention of ss 3 and 4
of the POHA was unlikely to continue, and the second threshold requirement
under s 12(2)(b) of the POHA was thus not fulfilled. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

RSS at para 58

Correspondingly, the DJ had been correct to find that it was not just and
equitable for a PO to be granted within the meaning of s 12(2)(c) of the POHA.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RSS at para 69

31 Tangentially, the respondent also pointed out that the appellant had
rejected the respondent’s global settlement offer, which had been communicated
“without prejudice” to the appellant, without any legitimate basis. The
respondent submitted that this amounted to an abuse of process on the
appellant’s part, which the court ought not to condone by granting a PO
pursuant to s 12(2) of the POHA. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RSS at para 138

Issues to be determined

32 Based on the foregoing, there are three primary issues relating to s
12(2)(b) of the POHA for me to consider:

(a) Whether the DJ should have adopted a “pre-emptive” approach in assessing
the likelihood of harassment continuing?

(b) Whether the DJ had correctly taken into account the respondent’s conduct
subsequent to the filing of the Appellant’s application and the grant of the
EPO? Assuming that this approach was correct, a related issue was how much
weight ought to be placed on such conduct in determining whether to grant a
PO?

(c) Whether the DJ had erred in her assessment of the evidence and her
eventual determination that the respondent’s contravention of the relevant
POHA provisions was not likely to continue?

33 Assuming the first two issues are resolved in the appellant’s favour, I
will also have to consider the issue of whether it was just and equitable for
a PO to be granted under s 12(2)(c) of the POHA.

34 Finally, I will briefly touch on the arguments pertaining to the
respondent’s reference to “without prejudice” correspondence.

Section 12(2)(b) of the POHA: Whether the respondent’s contravention was
likely to continue

“Pre-emptive” assessment of the likelihood of continued harassment

35 I first consider the issue of whether the DJ should have adopted a “pre-
emptive approach” in assessing the likelihood of the respondent’s harassment
continuing.

The “pre-emptive” approach under the Women’s Charter

36 The appellant’s proposed “pre-emptive” approach draws inspiration from the
approach that has been taken towards the issuance of POs under s 65 of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”).

37 Section 65(1) of the WC provides as follows:

65.—(1) The court may, upon satisfaction on a balance of probabilities that
family violence has been committed or is likely to be committed against a
family member and that it is necessary for the protection of the family
member, make a protection order restraining the person against whom the order
is made from using family violence against the family member.

There are thus two limbs which must be satisfied before a court can issue a PO
under s 65 of the WC:

(a) first, family violence has been committed or is likely to be committed;
and

(b) second, the issuance of a PO is necessary for the protection of the family
member in respect of whom the PO is sought.

38 Courts have explicitly alluded to the necessity of taking a “pre-emptive”
approach towards the application of this provision. The first facet of this
approach is that a PO may be issued as long as there is a “chance or risk” of
family violence being committed against a family member, even if no actual
violence has taken place before or at the time of the application (see UMI v
UMK and UMJ and another [2018] SGFC 53 at [39]). In UTH v UTI (on behalf of
child) [2019] SGFC 27, DJ Azmin Jailani explained (at [29]) that such an
approach was necessary in the context of the WC because:

[I]t would be untenable, both as a matter of logic and principle, for the
court to only issue protection orders only when actual family violence has
been committed. This ensures the utility of protection orders as a tool to
anticipate a problem before it reaches an irreversible state. [emphasis in
original]

39 Another facet of the “pre-emptive” approach is that an applicant generally
will not be required to positively prove that an order is ‘necessary’ once
family violence or the threat of it has been proven on the balance of
probabilities (see TCK v TCL [2014] SGDC 460 at [44], citing Leong Wai Kum,
Elements of Family Law in Singapore (LexisNexis, 2nd ed, 2013) at p 133). In
other words, “once the first limb [of s 65(1) WC] has been proved, the second
limb is likely to operate unless the protection is thought to be unnecessary”
(VCJ v VCK [2019] SGFC 121 at [10]).

Applicability of the “pre-emptive” approach to the POHA PO regime

40 It was a central tenet of the appellant’s case that a liberal “pre-emptive”
approach, similar to that which has been applied under s 65 of the WC, should
be adopted in the application of s 12(2) of the POHA. According to the
appellant’s proposed approach, once s 12(2)(a) is satisfied by proof of past
acts of harassment, the presumptive starting position is that a PO should be
granted on the basis that such harassment will continue. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASS at para 48

41 In support of this interpretation of s 12(2), the appellant relied heavily
on the 2014 Parliamentary debates which took place during the second reading
of the Protection from Harassment Bill (Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (13 March 2014), vol 91 (“the 2014 Parliamentary debates”)),
as well as the 2019 Parliamentary debates which took place during the second
reading of the Protection from Harassment (Amendment) Bill (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (7 July 2019), vol 94 (“the 2019
Parliamentary debates”)).

42 During the 2014 Parliamentary debates, the Minister for Law, Mr K
Shanmugam, explained that Parliament had introduced the PO regime as part of a
slew of “tougher measures to deal with harassment, both online and offline”.
When explaining the mechanism of the PO regime, Minister Shanmugam also
stressed that “if you can prove harassment – that is, illegal conduct, then
you will get a set of remedies to try and deal with the illegal conduct”
(emphasis added). These remarks collectively suggest that the main function of
the PO regime was to afford expeditious and effective relief to victims of
both online and offline harassment.

43 The 2014 and 2019 Parliamentary debates also make clear that there are some
parallels between the WC PO regime and the POHA PO regime. For example, in the
2014 Parliamentary debates, Minister Shanmugam stated that the POHA PO regime
was drafted based on the recommendations of the Singapore Academy of Law
(“SAL”) Law Reform Committee’s report on proposed legislation to curb stalking
(Singapore, Law Reform Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law, Report on
Proposed Legislation to Curb Stalking (“the SAL Report”)). The PO and EPO
provisions proposed in the SAL Report are partly modelled after the family
violence provisions in the WC (see the SAL Report at para 5.3.10).

44 The similarities between the WC PO regime and the POHA PO regime were
further emphasised during the 2019 Parliamentary debates. While addressing
Parliament on the 2019 amendments to the POHA, the Senior Minister of State
for Law, Mr Edwin Tong Chun Fai, made numerous comparisons between the two
regimes and indicated that the proposed amendments to the POHA were intended
to bring it more “in line with” the regime under the WC.

45 I acknowledge that the WC and POHA PO regimes are aligned to a certain
degree. I also recognise that there are policy considerations which may
seemingly favour a more liberal approach towards the issuance of POs where
online communications are concerned. Online publications tend to gain traction
very quickly due to their borderless and viral nature, and a PO may be the
only viable remedy for victims who wish to quickly and effectively stem their
deleterious effects.

46 However, I disagree with the appellant’s submission that “victims of
harassment under the [POHA] ought to be treated and afforded the same kind of
protection which victims of the [WC] are afforded”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ASS at para 43

In my judgment, it would not be appropriate to assume that both protection
regimes are completely identical in the way that they operate.

47 First, there is nothing in the 2014 and 2019 Parliamentary debates that
goes so far as to suggest that the POHA regime simply replicates the WC
regime. As Minister Shanmugam clarified in 2014, the POHA regime took
reference from the recommendations in the SAL Report, which was only partly
modelled after the family violence provisions. Even though the POHA amendments
in 2019 may have been intended to bring them more “in line” with each other,
this is still quite far removed from equating the two regimes or suggesting
that they are indistinguishable.

48 Secondly, there are salient differences in the manner in which the two
pieces of legislation are worded in respect of how applicants might apply for
the respective remedies. The most obvious difference is that s 65(1) of the WC
envisages a lower threshold. Indeed, under s 65(1) of the WC, it is not even
necessary to establish that family violence has been committed in order for a
PO to be granted. Rather, for a PO application to succeed, the applicant need
only prove that (a) family violence “is likely to be committed” against a
family member, and that (b) the PO is necessary for the protection of that
family member. It is thus the literal wording of s 65(1) which provides the
basis for the first facet of the “pre-emptive” approach alluded to at [38]
above. In contrast, s 12(2)(a) POHA expressly requires proof of actual
harassment; the applicant cannot merely show that there is a chance or risk
that harassment will occur. The appellant’s argument has glossed over this
crucial difference in the wording of the respective pieces of legislation.

49 The appellant’s proposed “starting position” that a PO should be granted
once s 12(2)(a) is satisfied is likewise wholly inconsistent with the plain
wording of the POHA. Under s 12 of the POHA, it is abundantly clear that all
three threshold requirements (ie, ss 12(2)(a), (b) and (c)) must be
cumulatively satisfied before a PO can be issued. However, the expansiveness
of the appellant’s suggested approach would effectively shift the burden to
the respondent to prove that harassment is not likely to continue, thereby
rendering s 12(2)(b) virtually otiose. This outcome cannot be what was
intended by Parliament, given the well-entrenched rule that Parliament does
not legislate in vain (see Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850
at [38]).

50 Thirdly, there are fundamental differences between the functions of the two
PO regimes, as well as the contexts in which they operate. The WC is geared
towards ensuring adequate and prompt protection for those who are victims of
family violence, or who are in danger of being exposed to the same. Viewed in
this light, the lower threshold is necessary as such individuals are likely to
be living (and may well have to continue living) within the same household as
the person against whom protection is sought. “Family violence” is defined
fairly narrowly under s 64 of the WC and includes, inter alia, “wilfully or
knowingly placing, or attempting to place, a family member in fear of hurt”,
and “causing continual harassment with intent to cause or knowing that it is
likely to cause anguish to a family member” (emphasis added).

51 In contrast, the POHA addresses a far wider range of conduct across various
societal settings (eg at home, in school, in the workplace, online etc). It
also potentially extends protection to a much wider range of individuals, some
of whom may not even be known to the potential respondents, whether in a face-
to-face or online setting. The requirements under s 12(2) of the POHA were
undoubtedly drafted with this broader context in mind. They were intended to
be flexible enough to strike an appropriate balance between the victim’s and
the perpetrator’s interests in a wide range of circumstances.

52 Given the clear differences between the WC and POHA regimes, I reject the
“pre-emptive” approach propounded by the appellant. Such an approach would not
be consistent with the plain wording of s 12 of the POHA or the legislative
policy underlying the provision.

The respondent’s conduct subsequent to the filing of the PO application and
the grant of the EPO

53 I now turn to the second subsidiary issue concerning s 12(2)(b) of the
POHA. This relates to the question of whether the DJ had acted correctly in
law by giving weight to the respondent’s conduct subsequent to the filing of
the application for a PO and the grant of the EPO.

Relevance of respondent’s conduct during the pendency of proceedings

54 The appellant contended that any acts which take place during the pendency
of proceedings and/or while an EPO is in force must necessarily be disregarded
for the purposes of assessing whether the respondent’s conduct is likely to
continue. Otherwise, irresponsible online users would be permitted to “game
the system” by swiftly taking down their harassing posts once they are alerted
to the possibility of court interference. This is despite the fact that such
posts are often viral in nature and can potentially cause incommensurable harm
within a very short period of time. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ASS at paras 28 to 29

Furthermore, there is nothing to prevent such perpetrators from posting more
harassing publications online once the applicant’s PO application has been
dismissed or withdrawn. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ASS at para 30

55 In support of his position, the appellant referred me to the case of Teng
Cheng Sin v Law Fay Yuen [2003] 3 SLR(R) 365 (“Teng Cheng Sin”). Teng Cheng
Sin was a case involving a wife’s application for a PO against her husband
under s 65 of the WC. In his grounds of decision, Kan Ting Chiu J held that
evidence of a disputed incident which had taken place two-and-a-half-months
after the date of the wife’s application should not have been allowed (see
Teng Cheng Sim at [20]).

56 I am unable to agree with the appellant’s submissions. I endorse the DJ’s
reasoning as set out in the brief oral grounds of her decision granting the
appellant leave to appeal. Essentially, there is nothing in the language of s
12 of the POHA which lends support to the restrictive interpretation that the
appellant is seeking. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ABD at p 727, para 8

Section 12(2)(b) of the POHA simply requires the court to consider whether the
respondent’s contravention is “likely to continue”, or whether the respondent
is likely to commit a contravention of the relevant POHA provisions. There is
hence no statutory basis for limiting the court’s consideration of the
contravening acts to those which have taken place before the filing of the PO
application.

57 In fact, as the respondent has correctly pointed out, the appellant’s
suggested approach may potentially lead to absurd outcomes where the
respondent’s conduct is escalating, rather than de-escalating in nature. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RSS at para 51

A respondent’s unabashed decision to blatantly persist with his/her harassing
behaviour, despite being fully apprised of the legal consequences which may
follow, must surely provide a very strong impetus for the issuance of a PO. I
take the view that it would be wholly undesirable to circumscribe a court’s
powers to take such aggravating conduct into consideration when assessing the
requirement under s 12(2)(b) of the POHA. Such an approach would certainly run
contrary to Parliament’s intention to swiftly curb harassing behaviour and
protect victims of harassment through the introduction of the PO regime.

58 When this argument was put to the appellant, he responded that his
suggested approach of disregarding acts which take place during the pendency
of PO proceedings would not short-change potential applicants. He argued that
any escalating or aggravating conduct that occurs subsequent to the date of
the original PO application could potentially form the basis of a fresh PO
application. I decline to endorse this approach. In my view, it is likely to
clog up and unnecessarily complicate the existing legal process for PO
applications under s 12(2) of the POHA. It would be far more practical and
effective for courts to adopt a holistic view of the respondent’s conduct, and
to take into consideration all the circumstances up to (and including) the
date of the hearing for the application, pending the determination of the
application for the PO. This would preserve the flexibility inherent in the
POHA, and facilitate the achievement of a just outcome based on the unique
factual circumstances of each case.

59 Finally, I am of the view that the appellant’s reliance on Teng Cheng Sin
is misplaced. As explained at [46] to [50] above, the WC and the POHA PO
regimes do not operate in an identical fashion. Cases decided under the WC are
therefore of limited utility in the present context. Moreover, Teng Cheng Sin
does not stand for the wider general proposition that a court must necessarily
exclude all post-application conduct when ascertaining whether a PO ought to
be issued under s 65 of the WC. In that case, the incident which the DJ had
erroneously taken into consideration had been of a disputed nature, and had
taken place two-and-a-half months after the application for a PO had been
made. It is not clear if these distinguishing features had a determinative
impact on Kan J’s eventual decision to disregard evidence of the alleged
incident.

Weight to be placed on acts taking place during the pendency of proceedings

60 Consonant with what I have set out above, the respondent’s post-application
conduct may be taken into account regardless of whether it is escalating or
de-escalating in nature.

61 As to how much weight ought to be attached to conduct subsequent to the
filing of a PO, this necessarily depends on the facts and circumstances of
each case. In the context of de-escalating acts, the court should place
greater weight on de-escalating acts which appear to have been motivated by
genuine contrition. However, de-escalating acts should generally be given less
weight if there is evidence to suggest that the respondent did not have a
genuine desire to discontinue his harassing acts, and only wanted to “game the
system”. Likewise, the court should generally place less weight on de-
escalating acts which take place while an EPO is in force, if it is clear from
all the circumstances that the respondent did not harbour any sincere wish to
mend his ways.

The DJ’s determination that the respondent’s contravention of the relevant
POHA provisions was not likely to continue

62 I now come to the third subsidiary issue, which relates to the correctness
of the DJ’s factual determination that the respondent’s contravention of ss 3
and 4 of the POHA was not likely to continue. Flowing from my conclusion on
the previous issue at [56] above, I will approach this inquiry on the basis
that the DJ was entitled to take the respondent’s post-application conduct
into consideration.

63 Before me, the appellant argued that a PO should have been granted even if
the respondent’s conduct during the pendency of the proceedings was relevant
to the s 12(2)(b) inquiry. The appellant submitted that the respondent’s
mitigating acts were of limited weight as his carefully premeditated acts of
harassment revealed his calculative and conniving disposition. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ASS at para 63

Further, the respondent was unremorseful and continued to insist that his
actions were justified even during the trial. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ASS at para 62

There was thus no indication that the respondent would have discontinued his
harassing acts if the EPO had not been in place to prevent him from doing so.

64 I disagree with the appellant’s characterisation of the respondent as a
person who had “meditated each and every step he was going to take in order to
harass the appellant”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ASS at para 63

In my view, the respondent had acted on the spur of the moment because of his
indignance at WeR1’s refusal to address his claims regarding his unpaid
salary. His actions were driven by emotion rather than rational logic. This is
apparent from the tone and style of the respondent’s e-mails and publications,
which were written in a free-flowing, stream-of-consciousness manner. It is
also telling that the respondent voluntarily took steps to remove his online
reviews a mere one to two days after their publication, and eventually sent
the 9 June 2018 e-mail to the appellant requesting that they “settle [their
dispute] asap”. In my view, these acts indicated that the respondent had
recognised the irrationality of his prior conduct once he had been given some
time to cool down and reflect on the situation at hand.

65 Based on the relevant trial transcripts, I agree with the appellant that
the respondent believed that his actions towards the appellant were
justifiable. During cross-examination, the respondent stated that he felt that
the appellant’s reaction to his conduct had been “unreasonable”, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 7 May 2019, 27/24-25

and that the appellant did not have any basis to make the present complaint.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE, 7 May 2019, 28/1-7

Nevertheless, I agree with the respondent that this fact is not dispositive of
the s 12(2)(b) inquiry. As the respondent correctly observed, it is not
inconsistent for the respondent to aver that he has done nothing wrong, and to
simultaneously maintain that he seeks to resolve the dispute and no longer
wishes to have anything to do with the appellant. The two positions may
reflect a degree of cognitive dissonance but it is not patently unreasonable
for the respondent to subscribe to both ideas notwithstanding that they seem
to be contradictory. In any case, the respondent’s continued belief in the
legitimacy of his past conduct does not ipso facto indicate that he is likely
to continue with any harassing conduct, and there has certainly been none thus
far since June 2018.

66 Having carefully considered the circumstances in their totality, I find
that the DJ did not err in her assessment of the evidence and her eventual
determination that the respondent’s contravention was not likely to continue.
I see no reason to depart from her findings of fact.

67 In arriving at this decision, I place substantial weight on the fact that
the respondent had shown himself to be capable of exercising self-control and
restraint after 9 June 2018. No further communication to the appellant or
WeR1, let alone anything in the nature of harassment, has emanated from the
respondent since then. It seems that the respondent eventually came to his
senses, albeit only after publishing the offending reviews and the blog post,
such that he was prepared to adopt a more conciliatory stance by 9 June 2018.
That stance has not shifted, even if the respondent continues to hold the view
that he has done no wrong. It is also pertinent that the PO application was
commenced (and the EPO was granted) only on 18 June 2018, more than a week
after the respondent had terminated all correspondence with the appellant and
WeR1. Hence, it cannot be fairly said that the respondent was only putting up
a show of conciliation in an attempt to “game the system” and avoid a PO being
issued against him.

68 Moreover, I concur with the DJ’s conclusion that the respondent’s post-
application conduct was indicative of his attempts to contain rather than to
perpetuate the conflict between himself and the appellant. Specifically, the
respondent immediately took down his blog after he was informed during the PTC
on 13 August 2018 that his blog post remained live. He also took steps to
remove the cached link to his blog by contacting Google and blogger.com even
though he was under no obligation to do so. In my view, the DJ did not place
undue weight on these acts in her analysis of the requirement under s 12(2)(b)
of the POHA. As she explained in the oral grounds of her decision granting the
appellant leave to appeal, the respondent’s conduct prior to the commencement
of the suit had “featured prominently” in her assessment of whether the
respondent’s harassment was likely to continue. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ABD at p 727, para 9

69 Finally, it bears noting that the parties do not presently share any
professional or personal relationship, and it does not appear that their paths
will ever need to cross again in the future. This considerably reduces the
likelihood of further contact and possible discord between the parties which
could potentially trigger future acts of harassment.

70 Even if I have erred in accepting that the DJ was entitled to take the
respondent’s post-application conduct into consideration, I would nevertheless
still conclude – for the reasons highlighted at [67] above – that the
respondent’s harassing conduct was not likely to continue. In my view, there
is sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the respondent had intended to
discontinue his harassing behaviour even before the filing of the PO
application.

71 Accordingly, I uphold the DJ’s conclusion that the requirement under s
12(2)(b) of the POHA was not satisfied in the instant case. It follows that
the DJ correctly declined to grant a PO.

Section 12(2)(c) of the POHA: Whether it was just and equitable to grant a PO

72 Given my findings above, it is strictly unnecessary for me to ascertain
whether the requirement under s 12(2)(c) of the POHA was satisfied.
Nevertheless, and in any event, I am satisfied that it would not have been
just and equitable to grant a PO in the present case.

73 As I previously held in Benber Dayao Yu v Jacter Singh [2017] 5 SLR 316 (at
[54]), the key considerations which are pertinent to the issue of whether it
just and equitable to grant an order under s 12 of the POHA are as follows:

(a) the nature and seriousness of the harassing conduct;

(b) the purpose and motive behind the conduct in question;

(c) the impact of the conduct on the victim and the degree of adverse
emotional or psychological harm suffered;

(d) the degree to which the harassing conduct had been made known to the
public;

(e) whether the victim had the means to mitigate or avoid the harassing
conduct;

(f) whether the person behind the conduct had made genuine efforts to ensure
that the conduct would not be misconstrued or misunderstood; and

(g) the ordinary instances of daily living that may be expected to be
tolerated by reasonable persons.

74 In his written submissions, the appellant emphasised that:

(a) the respondent had deliberately chosen to tarnish the appellant’s
reputation on multiple online platforms within the public domain;

(b) the appellant’s reputation and emotional well-being had been severely
affected by the respondent’s conduct; and

(c) the respondent’s motive was clearly retributive in nature. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ASS at para 66

75 In my view, these factors do not sufficiently point towards granting a PO
in the instant case. First, the respondent’s online publications were very
quickly hidden from public view through the efforts of the appellant and the
respondent. Secondly, the appellant has not led sufficient evidence to show
that the harassing communications and publications were so damaging that his
business reputation and/or psychological health were affected. Thirdly,
although the respondent had acted with malicious intent, his actions were
impulsive rather than premeditated, and he had subsequently displayed a
genuine desire to reach an amicable settlement with the appellant. This is
evidenced by his 9 June 2018 e-mail to the appellant and his voluntary
deletion of his Google review on the same day, as well as his conduct at the
PTC on 13 August 2018.

76 Consequently, I uphold the DJ’s finding that the threshold under s 12(2)(c)
of the POHA has not been crossed. The appellant’s application thus fails on
this basis as well.

“Without prejudice” correspondence

77 For completeness, I shall address the respondent’s arguments on the
parties’ “without prejudice” correspondence.

78 The legal principles pertaining to the admissibility of “without prejudice”
communications are well-established. At common law, “without prejudice”
privilege attaches to admissions which are made for the purpose of settling a
dispute (see Sin Lian Heng Construction Pte Ltd v Singapore Telecommunications
Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 423 (“Sin Lian Heng”) at [13]). As the Court of Appeal
explained in Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd and another
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 807 (“Mariwu”) at [24], this rule is given statutory
expression under s 23(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”),
which provides as follows:

Admissions in civil cases when relevant

23.—(1) In civil cases, no admission is relevant if it is made —

(a) upon an express condition that evidence of it is not to be given; or

(b) upon circumstances from which the court can infer that the parties agreed
together that evidence of it should not be given.

79 Section 23 applies to, inter alia, all communications which are expressly
made on a “without prejudice” basis (see Mariwu at [24]). While attaching the
words “without prejudice” to a communication does not automatically render it
privileged, the presence of such words would place the burden of persuasion on
the party who contends that they ought to be ignored (see Quek Kheng Leong
Nicky and another v Teo Beng Ngoh and others and another appeal [2009] 4
SLR(R) 181 at [22], citing Sin Lian Heng at [60]).

80 For present purposes, it is also salient to note the definition of an
“admission” under s 17 of the EA:

Admission and confession defined

17.—(1) An admission is a statement, oral or documentary, which suggests any
inference as to any fact in issue or relevant fact, and which is made by any
of the persons and under the circumstances hereinafter mentioned.

81 Since the existence of a dispute and the parties’ attempt to compromise it
lie at the heart of the “without prejudice” privilege (see Cytec Industries
Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 769 at [17]),
the privilege cannot attach to communications wherein a party has admitted
liability such that a dispute no longer exists (see Mariwu at [30]; Sin Lian
Heng at [45]). An admission of liability, however, must be distinguished from
a mere admission: while the former relates to a situation where one party
clearly acknowledges his liability, the latter merely refers to statements or
actions which appear on their face to go against the interest of the maker
(see Sin Lian Heng at [43] to [44]).

82 In the present case, the letter containing the offer to settle which was
sent from the respondents’ then-solicitors, Breakpoint LLC, to the appellant’s
solicitors, Gabriel Law Corporation, was clearly marked “without prejudice”,
and was expressly made on a “without admission of liability” basis. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RSS at para 134

I therefore consider that the “without prejudice” privilege prima facie
attaches to both the respondent’s offer as well as to the appellant’s letter
of reply to that offer.

83 Furthermore, it was not open to the respondent to unilaterally waive the
privilege that attached to both letters. It is trite that waiver of the
“without prejudice” privilege requires the consent of both parties (Krishna
Kumaran s/o K Ramakrishnan v Kuppusamy s/o Ramakrishnan [2014] 4 SLR 232 at
[22]). In the present case, there is nothing to suggest that the appellant had
expressly or impliedly consented to waiving the privilege.

84 As such, it was not permissible for the respondent to rely on the “without
prejudice” communications between the parties. Consequently, I do not accept
the respondent’s submission that the appellant’s rejection of his global
settlement offer amounted to an abuse of process. Nevertheless, this point is
moot since I have found in favour of the respondent in any event, without
having to rely on the parties’ “without prejudice” correspondence.

Conclusion

85 In conclusion, I agree with the DJ’s reasoning that the requirements under
ss 12(2)(b) and (c) of the POHA were not fulfilled. I therefore dismiss the
appeal.

86 I further order that costs shall follow the event. In the event the parties
are unable to agree on costs, they are at liberty to tender brief written
submissions on costs within two weeks of the date of this judgment for my
consideration.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Manoj Nandwani and Ng Yi Hui Pearl (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the
appellant;

Cephas Yee Xiang (Yi Xiang) and Zhao Heng (Aquinas Law LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

