Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 01

Originating Summons No 1432 of 2017

Between

(1)| Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels Inc.  
---|---  
(2)| Sureste Properties, Inc  
|  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Global Gaming Philippines LLC  
---|---  
(2)| GGAM Netherlands B.V.  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Arbitration] — [Enforcement] — [Singapore-seated award]

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award] — [Setting aside]

[Civil procedure] — [Extension of time]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels Inc and another

  

v

  

Global Gaming Philippines LLC and another

[2020] SGHC 01

High Court — Originating Summons No 1432 of 2017  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
19–20 September, 24 October 2018; 21–23 May, 24 July 2019

3 January 2020 Judgment reserved.

Introduction

1 Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels Inc. (“Bloomberry”), and Sureste Properties,
Inc (“Sureste”), the first and second plaintiffs in Originating Summons 1432
of 2017 (“OS 1432”), are challenging a Partial Award on liability issued by a
three-member arbitral tribunal (“the Tribunal”) on 20 September 2016. The
first and second defendants in OS 1432 were the claimants in a Singapore-
seated arbitration that was commenced in 2013 and governed by the United
Nations Commission on International Trade Law (“UNCITRAL”) Arbitration Rules
2010 (“the Arbitration”). The plaintiffs were the respondents in the
Arbitration. The Tribunal found in favour of the first and second defendants,
Global Gaming Philippines LLC (“GGAM”), and GGAM Netherlands B.V. (“GGAM
Netherlands”) respectively, for wrongful termination of the Management
Services Agreement dated 9 September 2011 (“the MSA”).

2 By the Partial Award, the Tribunal found, inter alia, that there were no
misrepresentations by the defendants that induced the plaintiffs to enter into
the MSA. The Tribunal noted that to justify rescission of the MSA on account
of causal fraud under Philippines Law, the fraud must be serious, and must
have operated at the time of the making of the MSA. In addition, evidence of
fraud must be “full, clear and convincing” (see [127] of the Partial Award).
The Tribunal also held that the plaintiffs’ grounds for termination of the MSA
were not made out and thus, their purported termination of the MSA was
wrongful.

3 In OS 1432, the plaintiffs refer to evidence of fraud and/or corruption,
which they assert were not discoverable until months after the Partial Award
was issued on 20 September 2016. The argument here as regards the basis of the
fraud allegations is that evidence was adduced in the Arbitration by the
defendants which has now been shown to be false – not merely in the sense that
it was incorrect, but in the sense that it was known by the defendants to be
false – and had therefore been submitted fraudulently. According to the
plaintiffs, the evidence of fraud and/or corruption was eventually revealed
through the findings in two orders: (a) the 19 January 2017 Non-Prosecution
Agreement between the US Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and Las Vegas Sands
(“LVS”) (“the DOJ Agreement”); and (b) the 7 April 2016 Order by the US
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) instituting cease–and–desist
proceedings against LVS (“the SEC Order”). The DOJ Agreement and the SEC Order
are collectively referred to hereafter as the “FCPA Findings”. The plaintiffs
characterise their fraud allegations as procedural fraud (eg, fraud by a
party, suppression of documentary evidence or perjury) constituting a ground
for setting aside and a bar to the enforcement of the Partial Award. They also
characterise the FCPA Findings as “new evidence” of the defendants’ fraud even
though the new evidence came into existence after the Partial Award was
rendered. The new evidence was discovered, subsequently, post-award and the
plaintiffs argue that the new evidence serve to establish that the Partial
Award was based on wrong or incomplete facts owing to deliberate suppression
or concealment of evidence and the new evidence would have influenced the way
the plaintiffs’ case was presented to the Tribunal (“the new evidence
argument”). On either characterisation, this court should set aside the
Partial Award and refuse enforcement since the procedural fraud and new
evidence argument would have affected the Tribunal, the arbitral proceedings
and/or the Partial Award.

4 Basically, the plaintiffs’ substantive applications in OS 1432 are:

(a) To set aside the Partial Award under s 24 of the International Arbitration
Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) and Art 34(2) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration (“Model Law”) as set out in the First
Schedule of the IAA;

(b) Alternatively, to resist the enforcement of the Partial Award in
Singapore. The challenge to enforcement of the Partial Award is on the main
ground that the Partial Award is contrary to Singapore public policy under Art
36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law. The secondary ground that is relied upon is Art
36(1)(a)(ii), ie, the plaintiffs were unable to present its case by reason of
the fraud committed by the defendants in the conduct of the arbitral
proceedings in multiple respects such as the suppression of critical evidence
and deception of the Tribunal.

5 The first substantive issue concerns the validity of the Partial Award in
that the Partial Award was induced or affected by fraud or the way in which it
was procured is contrary to public policy in that the defendants had concealed
documentary evidence or committed perjury with the dishonest intention to
deliberately mislead the Tribunal and/or the plaintiffs. The alternative
substantive issue for this court in the present proceedings to determine is
whether, if the plaintiffs’ fraud allegations are established on the new
evidence (ie, the FCPA Findings), it would be contrary to Singapore public
policy to permit enforcement of the Partial Award in this jurisdiction.

6 OS 1432 was commenced out of time after the expiry of the three-month time
limit in Art 34(3) of the Model Law. In addition, the permissible time limit
to set aside HC/ORC 6609/2016 dated 27 September 2016, which is the order made
in Originating Summons No 979 of 2016 (“OS 979”) granting leave of court to
enforce the Partial Award in Singapore, had also expired. Consequently, on 20
June 2017, HC/JUD 355/2017 was filed against the plaintiffs in terms of the
Partial Award (hereafter referred to as “the Enforcement Judgment”). HC/ORC
6609/2016 and the Enforcement Judgment are collectively referred to hereafter
as “the enforcement orders”. The plaintiffs now seek an extension of time: (a)
to set aside the Partial Award; and (b) to set aside the enforcement orders.
In both instances of delay, the plaintiffs rely on the common ground that the
fraud that induced or affected the making of the Partial Award was only
discovered after the relevant timelines had expired.

7 I propose to deal with the extension of time applications before considering
the applicable legal principles, the details of the evidence before the court
on the substantive applications and my decision on the issues. It is fair to
state that the time extensions to set aside the Partial Award and challenge to
the enforcement orders, if granted, will shape the grounds of challenge in the
present application.

8 Mr Alvin Yeo, SC (“Mr Yeo”) represents the plaintiffs and Mr Cavinder Bull,
SC (“Mr Bull”), represents the defendants.

Background Facts

9 A brief outline of the parties and the procedural history is helpful before
turning to consider the extension of time applications.

Parties

10 The first plaintiff, Bloomberry, and second plaintiff, Sureste, are the
owners of the Solaire Resort & Casino (“Solaire”), a luxury hotel and gaming
resort located in Manila, Philippines. The second plaintiff is wholly owned by
Bloomberry Resorts Corporation, a listed company in the Philippines.

11 The first defendant, GGAM is the sole owner of the second defendant, GGAM
Netherlands. During the period in issue, the defendants had four senior
executives: Mr William P. Weidner (“Mr Weidner”) as the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”), Mr Bradley Stone (“Mr Stone”) as the President, Mr
Garry W. Saunders (“Mr Saunders”) as the Executive Vice President and Mr Eric
Chiu (“Mr Chiu”), President for Asia.

12 In turn, GGAM is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Global Gaming Asset
Management LP, a firm that develops, invests, manages and advises hospitality
companies and projects, with an emphasis on the casino sector. Global Gaming
Asset Management LP is a joint venture between an entity owned and controlled
by Mr Weidner, Mr Stone and Mr Saunders, and a subsidiary of Cantor Fitzgerald
LP (“Cantor Fitzgerald”), a global financial services firm.

Procedural history

13 The plaintiffs and GGAM entered into the MSA on 9 September 2011 “to
provide management and technical services in the development and construction,
and to manage the operation of” Solaire for a period of 10 years. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, para 8.

GGAM subsequently transferred all its rights, titles, benefits, privileges,
obligations and interest under the MSA to GGAM Netherlands, the second
defendant, under an Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated 8 March 2013.
For ease of reference, GGAM, where used in the judgment below, is taken to
refer to GGAM Netherlands as well as no distinction needs to be made between
the two for the present case.

14 Subsequently, for reasons that will be explained below, the plaintiffs
sought to terminate the MSA. The defendants duly commenced arbitration against
the plaintiffs pursuant to cl 19.2 of the MSA. On 20 September 2016, following
the hearings on liability in October 2015, the Tribunal decided in the Partial
Award that, inter alia, there was no causal fraud or misrepresentation by the
defendants in relation to the MSA and that the plaintiffs’ termination of the
MSA was not justified and constituted a breach of the MSA.

15 The SEC Order was published on 7 April 2016 and the DOJ Agreement was
published on 17 January 2017.

16 As highlighted earlier, HC/ORC 6609/2016 was made in OS 979 on 27 September
2016. HC/ORC 6609/2016 was served on the second plaintiff and the first
plaintiff on 4 January 2017 and 10 March 2017 respectively. The defendants
filed the Enforcement Judgment in terms of the Partial Award on 20 June 2017.

17 On 21 December 2017, the defendants filed OS 1432 seeking to, inter alia,
set aside the Partial Award or, in the alternative, to challenge the
enforcement of the Partial Award.

Time extension applications

18 As mentioned earlier, OS 1432 was filed out of time after the expiry of two
different and separate timelines. The first concerns the three-month time
limit in Art 34(3) of the Model Law, and the second relates to the fourteen-
day timeline stipulated in HC/ORC 6609/2016. In both instances, the plaintiffs
seek the necessary time extensions before proceeding with the merits of the
substantive matters in OS 1432. I propose to consider the application to
extend the three-month time limit in Art 34(3) of the Model Law before turning
to the plaintiffs’ non-compliance with the timeline stipulated in HC/ORC
6609/2016.

Time extension for setting aside the Partial Award

19 OS 1432 was filed on 21 December 2017, approximately one year after the
three-month time limit to set aside the Partial Award expired on 20 December
2016. The plaintiffs’ application to set aside the Partial Award is made under
s 24 of the IAA and/or Art 34(2) of the Model Law. Other than the three-month
time limit in Art 34(3), there is no express provision in s 24 of the IAA
stipulating the time within which applications to set aside arbitral awards on
s 24 grounds must be made. Before dealing with the court’s powers, if any, to
extend time, there are two anterior questions that must first be answered:

(a) Whether applications to set aside awards brought under s 24 of IAA are
subject to the three-month time limit in Art 34(3) of the Model Law (“Question
(a)”); and

(b) Whether the time limit stipulated in Art 34(3) of the Model Law is an
absolute time limit that favours the finality of arbitral awards or, is it
extendable in exceptional circumstances like fraud, bribery or corruption
(“Question (b)”).

20 I propose to answer Question (b) first because the case law on Art 34(3) is
now fairly settled. Article 34(3) of the Model Law states:

(3) An application for setting aside may not be made after three months have
elapsed from the date on which the party making that application had received
the award or, if a request had been made under Article 33, from the date on
which that request had been disposed of by the arbitral tribunal.

21 The words “may not” in Art 34(3) have been held to be mandatory in meaning
by setting an absolute time limit of three months beginning from the date of
receipt of the award, after which all recourse against the award is barred.
Such an absolute time limit recognises the need for finality and legal
certainty.

22 Specifically, the rulings of the Singapore High Court on Art 34(3) of the
Model Law in ABC Co v XYZ Co Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 546 (“ABC v XYZ”) at [9], PT
Pukuafu Indah and others v Newmont Indonesia Ltd and another [2012] 4 SLR 1157
(“PT Pukuafu”) at [30] and Astro Nusantara International BV and others v PT
Ayunda Prima Mitra and others [2013] 1 SLR 636 (“Astro Nusantara (HC)”) at
[97], is that the time limit prescribed in Art 34(3) Model Law is strict. It
is clear that Art 34 is meant not only to limit the grounds for setting aside
an arbitral award, but it also prescribes that any challenge made on Art 34
grounds must be brought promptly within the period specified: see Astro
Nusantara (HC) at [97]. This legal position is followed in two recent
decisions of the Singapore International Commercial Court (“SICC”) in BXS v
BXT [2019] SGHC(I) 10 (“BXS v BXT”) at [39]–[41] and BXY and others v BXX and
others [2019] SGHC(I) 11 (“BXY v BXX”) at [83] that were published after the
hearings for OS 1432 were completed.

23 Mr Yeo submits that this court should depart from the reasoning in ABC v
XYZ and PT Pukuafu and he urges this court to instead adopt the approach of
the Hong Kong court in Sun Tian Gang v Hong Kong & China Gas (Jilin) [2016]
HKCFI 1611 (“Sun Tian Gang”). The plaintiffs’ position remains the same (ie,
the time limit in Art 34(3) is extendable) after parties were invited on 18
July 2019 to address the court on, inter alia, the decision of BXS v BXT where
Anselmo Reyes IJ in that case analysed the reasoning of the judge in Sun Tian
Gang. Both sides responded on BXS v BXT in writing on 24 July 2019.

24 Sun Tian Gang held that the Model Law does not preclude the court from
regulating the procedure of applications to set aside awards, and therefore
the court has the discretion to grant an extension of time under Art 34(3) (at
[90]). Like Reyes IJ, I am unpersuaded by the court’s reasoning in Sun Tian
Gang which starts with and draws support from the court’s permissive
interpretation of the word “may” in Art 34(2) of the Model Law to give a
similar permissive interpretation to the words “may not” in Art 34(3). Such an
interpretation cannot be correct. A different meaning is convey by the single
word “may” in Art 34(2) as compared to the words “may not” in the context of
Art 34(3). As rightly analysed by Reyes IJ in BXS v BXT at [31]:

…the discretion conferred by the word “may” in Article 34(2) merely refers to
the court’s discretion not to set aside an award even where one or more of the
conditions in Article 34(2)(a)(i) to (iv) or (b)(i) to (ii) have been
established. The word “may” in Article 34(2) accordingly cannot have any
logical bearing on one’s understanding of the expression “may not” in Article
34(3). There is the additional problem that Mimmie Chan J appears to be using
subsidiary legislation (Order 73 of the Rules of the Hong Kong Court (“RHC”))
to construe the extent to which a deadline imposed by primary legislation
(Article 34(3) of the Model Law as enacted by s 81 of the HKAO) can be
extended. No explanation is given as to why such a mode of interpretation is
permissible.

25 In the context of Art 34(3), the words “may not” take on a mandatory
meaning of “cannot”. As Judith Prakash J (as she then was) held in ABC v XYZ
(at [9]):

All [Art 34(3)] says is that [an] application [to set aside] may not be made
after the lapse of three months from a specified date. Although the words used
are ‘may not’ these must be interpreted as ‘cannot’ as it is clear that the
intention is to limit the time during which an award may be challenged. This
interpretation is supported by material relating to the discussions amongst
the drafters of the Model Law. It appears to me that the court would not be
able to entertain any application lodged after the expiry of the three-month
period as art 34 has been drafted as the all-encompassing, and only, basis for
challenging an award in court. It does not provide for any extension of the
time period and, as the court derives its jurisdiction to hear the application
from the article alone, the absence of such a provision means the court has
not been conferred with the power to extend time.

26 Hence, starting with the decision of ABC v XYZ and, more recently, the
decisions of the SICC, the legal position in Singapore is that the time limit
in Art 34(3) of the Model Law is strict, favouring the policy of finality of
arbitral awards (see BXS v BXT at [40]) and legal certainty.

27 Mr Yeo in his written response of 24 July 2019, firstly, disagrees with
Reyes IJ that Art 34(3) operates as a limitation provision, and secondly, he
distinguishes BXS v BXT from the present case. On the first point, I am not
persuaded by Mr Yeo that the court in BXS v BXT incorrectly held that Art
34(3) is a written law relating to limitation within the meaning of paragraph
7 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed). I agree with Reyes IJ’s comment on the inappropriateness of relying
on the court’s power derived from procedural rules of court to extend time
prescribed in a primary legislation (at [31] of BXS v BXT quoted in [24])
above). As rightly noted by Roger Giles IJ in BXY v BXX at [88], “a power to
extend time under a Rule cannot overcome a time limitation in primary
legislation” and the time limitation under Art 34(3) of the Model Law still
supersedes the court’s general discretion under the Rules of Court.

28 In distinguishing BXS v BXT, Mr Yeo argues that BXS v BXT did not involve
an award whose making was “induced or affected” by fraud. His argument leads
me to the second part of Question (b), namely, whether the usual time limit of
three months is extendable where fraud as a ground is raised to set aside an
arbitral award. Mr Yeo contends that the time limit in Art 34(3) of the Model
Law should be extendable in cases of fraud and, more so, where the fraud is
discovered only after the expiry of the time limit. Mr Bull takes a contrary
position arguing that the time limit in Art 34(3) is, without exception,
strict. He referred to materials from the 18th session of UNCITRAL’s working
group for the preparation of the Model Law. At that session, there was a
proposal to establish a separate regime that provided for a considerably
longer period of time than in Art 34(3) for the setting aside of an award on
the grounds of fraud, or where evidence was false or only discovered later.
The Report of the UNCITRAL on the work of its Eighteenth Session (A/40/17,
3–21 June 1985) at paras 299–300 states:

299\. Thus, considering whether any ground should be added, divergent views
were expressed as to the need for such addition. Under one view, there was a
need for adding wording to subparagraph (a)(ii) which would cover instances of
serious departure from fundamental principles of procedure. Under another
view, there was a need for establishing a separate regime, providing for a
considerably longer period of time than the one set forth in article 34(3),
for such cases as fraud or false evidence which had materially affected the
award.

300\. Under yet another view, there was no need for any addition in view of
the understanding agreed to by the Commission as regards the ground set forth
in subparagraph (b)(ii). In reply to the suggestion for allowing a
considerably longer period of time in which to apply for setting aside an
award on the grounds of fraud, or that evidence was false or discovered only
later, it was stated that such extension was contrary to the need for the
speedy and final settlement of disputes in international commercial
relationships.

[emphasis added]

This proposal of a separate regime with a different time period to apply to
setting aside applications brought on grounds of fraud or corruption was
considered but eventually rejected because Art 34(3) was drafted as it is. It
is plain that the drafters chose to favour the finality of arbitral awards.
The time limit in Art 34(3) is absolute in that all recourse against arbitral
awards outside the three-month period (starting from the time of receipt of
the award) are barred.

29 Mr Yeo accepts that national legislation may modify the time limit in Art
34(3). Unlike Malaysia, New Zealand and Ireland (all are Model Law States),
Singapore has not expressly allowed for an exception to or extension of the
three-month time limit in Art 34(3). There is no provision in the IAA that
computes the time limit in Art 34(3) from the date of discovery of the fraud
or withheld evidence or discovery of new facts or evidence post-award. The
legislative approach taken in New Zealand is to modify the time limit in Art
34(3) to exclude the application of the three-month time limit in specific
cases of fraud or corruption. Article 34(3) of the Arbitration Act 1996 (NZ)
sch 1 ch 7 reads as follows:

An application for setting aside may not be made after 3 months have elapsed
from the date on which the party making that application had received the
award or, if a request had been made under article 33, from the date on which
that request had been disposed of by the arbitral tribunal. This paragraph
does not apply to an application for setting aside on the ground that the
award was induced or affected by fraud or corruption. [emphasis added]

30 In Malaysia, s 37(5) of the Malaysian Arbitration Act 2005 (Act 646)
expressly states that the three-month limit will not apply to setting aside
applications based on grounds that the award was induced or affected by fraud
or corruption. The relevant sub-sections of s 37 read as follow:

…

(4) An application for setting aside may not be made after the expiry of
ninety days from the date on which the party making the application had
received the award or if a request has been made under section 35, from the
date on which that request had been disposed of by the arbitral tribunal.

(5) Subsection (4) does not apply to an application for setting aside on the
ground that the award was induced or affected by fraud or corruption.

[emphasis added]

31 In Ireland, s 12 of the Arbitration Act 2010 modifies Art 34(3) of the
Model Law as such:

Notwithstanding Article 34(3), an application to the High Court to set aside
an award on the grounds that the award is in conflict with the public policy
of the State shall be made within a period of 56 days from the date on which
the circumstances giving rise to the application became known or ought
reasonably to have become known to the party concerned. [emphasis added]

This modification means that the timeline of 56 days for setting aside of the
award only starts from the time when fraud as a public policy ground is
discovered or ought reasonably to have been discovered.

32 It is now an appropriate juncture to consider Question (a), which is
whether s 24(a) of the IAA is a separate regime with no express time limit for
setting aside of arbitral awards on grounds of fraud or corruption. Question
(a) also poses the additional query, which is whether, as a matter of
construction of s 24, the three-month time limit in Art 34(3) is applicable to
applications to set aside arbitral awards based on s 24 grounds. It is not
surprising that Mr Yeo and Mr Bull construe the phrase “[n]otwithstanding
Article 34(1) of Model Law” in the opening sentence of s 24 of the IAA
differently. If Mr Bull’s construction of the phrase is preferred over Mr
Yeo’s, then applications brought under subsections (a) and (b) of s 24 of the
IAA are subject to the time bar in Art 34(3) of the Model Law.

33 Section 24 of the IAA states:

Court may set aside award

24\. Notwithstanding Article 34(1) of the Model Law, the High Court may, in
addition to the grounds set out in Article 34(2) of the Model Law, set aside
the award of the arbitral tribunal if –

(a) the making of the award was induced or affected by fraud or corruption; or

(b) a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in connection with the
making of the award by which the rights of any party have been prejudiced.

[emphasis added]

34 Article 34(1) of the Model Law states:

Article 34. Application for setting aside as exclusive recourse against
arbitral award

(1) Recourse to a court against an arbitral award may be made only by an
application for setting aside in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of
this Article.

35 Mr Yeo does not dispute that s 24(a) and s 24(b) of the IAA are additional
grounds to set aside an arbitral award. The debate centres on whether s 24 of
the IAA creates a regime to set aside an award that is separate from the
grounds listed in Art 34 of the Model Law. While Mr Yeo acknowledges the
overlap in the grounds of “breach of natural justice” in s 24(b) of the IAA
and “otherwise unable to present its case” in Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model
Law, he submits that this overlap does not undermine his position that s 24 of
the IAA is a separate regime with no express statutory time limit, and that
the only applicable time limit is prescribed by O 69A r 4 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). Furthermore, the procedural
timelines set by the ROC are extendable at the discretion of the court.

36 Mr Bull takes the opposite view: there is only one regime and Art 34(3) of
the Model Law applies to the two grounds in s 24 of the IAA. He reasons that
in the absence of any legislative exclusion or extension, the time limit in
Art 34(3) of the Model Law is applicable to applications to set aside arbitral
awards on the ground that the award was induced or affected by fraud or
corruption.

37 The real issue in the debate is whether, as a matter of construction, the
opening words “[n]otwithstanding Article 34(1) of the Model Law” in s 24 of
the IAA excludes in effect the time limit set out in Art 34(3) of the Model
Law from applications to set aside arbitral awards under s 24. Another
perspective is to ask the question whether the three-month time limit in Art
34(3) is incorporated into s 24 by the phrase “[n]otwithstanding Article
34(1)” in s 24.

38 On Mr Yeo’s interpretation of “[n]otwithstanding Article 34(1) of the Model
Law”, applications for setting aside based on s 24 for both fraud and breach
of natural justice derogate from both Art 34(2) and Art 34(3). This is because
s 24 provides an entirely separate regime for applications to set aside
brought under exceptional circumstances such as fraud, corruption, and
prejudicial breaches of natural justice, for which Parliament chose not to
include an express time limit within which such an application must be
brought. According to Mr Yeo, Parliament intended to introduce a distinct
remedy in s 24 unconstrained by the limitations in both Art 34(2) and Art
34(3) of the Model Law. This separate, flexible remedy would be available for
more egregious cases such as where there had been fraud or corruption in the
making of an arbitral award or breaches of natural justice that prejudiced the
rights of a party and impugned the arbitral process.

39 Mr Bull interprets the phrase “[n]otwithstanding Art 34(1) of Model Law” as
referring to s 24 of the IAA being in spite of the grounds for setting aside
enumerated in Art 34(2) of the Model Law, and not with reference to the time
limit in Art 34(3) of the Model Law. Section 24 provides for additional
grounds to set aside arbitral awards, in spite of the grounds listed under Art
34(2) of the Model Law. In particular, Mr Bull explains that the phrase
“[n]otwithstanding Art 34(1) of Model Law” must be read with the key words
expressed in s 24 of the IAA, “in addition to the grounds set out in Art
34(2)”, which is consistent with Mr Bull’s construction: courts may apply s 24
of the IAA in spite of the grounds set out in Art 34(2) of the Model Law, and
not in spite of the time limitation set out in Art 34(3) of the Model Law.
Hence, an application to set aside an arbitral award on a ground set out in s
24 of the IAA is still subject to the three-month time limitation under Art
34(3).

40 I digress to mention my earlier obiter views expressed in Astro Nusantara
(HC) on the time limit in s 24. In that case, I foreshadowed the possibility
of reviewing the obiter views on a future occasion at [120]:

If FM’s case had been one of fraud which had only been discovered after the
expiry of the applicable time bars, I have no doubt that this would be a case
of “prevent[ing] injustice” which would warrant a court’s exercise of its
powers under O 92 r 4 of the ROC to remedy the procedural breach under O 69A r
2(4) of the ROC. It cannot be the case that mere procedural irregularity under
the ROC forces a court to accept that an arbitration agreement is not
impeached by fraud, or to accept the consequences of that fraud. Another
instance where O 69A r 2(4) is not likely to apply is where a court in the
country which is the seat of the arbitration, raises on its own motion a
public policy objection at the enforcement stage. In this situation, the
court’s power is unfettered by time limits. Until a case comes squarely before
the Singapore court for determination, I do not have to decide the procedural
points and will say no more about the matter.

Needless to say, I am open to reviewing the obiter views taken in Astro
Nusantara (HC) on this matter.

41 That said, with the benefit of counsel’s arguments and materials now placed
before me, I find that Mr Bull’s interpretation is preferred for the following
cumulative reasons.

42 First, the legal position in Singapore with reference to the time limit in
Art 34(3) of the Model Law militates in favour of Mr Bull’s interpretation. As
explained above, the three-month time limit in Art 34(3) is strict, favouring
the policy of finality of arbitral awards and legal certainty. The drafters of
the Model Law decided that cases of fraud, bribery or corruption should be
subject to the strict time limit in Art 34(3) of the Model Law.

43 Second, I disagree with Mr Yeo’s contention that the phrase
“[n]otwithstanding Article 34(1) of the Model Law” in s 24 of the IAA
effectively modified both Art 34(2) and Art 34(3) of the Model Law. As stated
earlier, Mr Yeo explains the modification as follows: in the case of Art
34(2), additional grounds to set aside arbitral awards are introduced in s 24;
and Art 34(3) is modified in the sense that the three-month time limit does
not apply to s 24 grounds. I again refer to the statutory position adopted in
Malaysia, New Zealand and Ireland that expressly provide for the exclusion of
the three-month time limit in cases of fraud or corruption (see [29]–[31]).
This is consistent with the book chapter, Nathalie Voser and Anya George,
“Revision of Arbitral Awards” in Pierre Tercier, Post Award Issues (ASA
Special Series No. 38, 2012) ch 3, cited in Mr Bull’s bundle of authorities.
As the Chapter shows, it is left to national laws to decide whether to adopt
the time limit set out in Art 34(3) or to provide separate time limits for
setting aside of fraudulently obtained arbitral awards and/or for the
situation where there is subsequent discovery of new facts or evidence post
award (at p 47). The authors’ comparative law review in continental Europe
reveals that if there is to be modification of the time limit in Art 34(3),
the approach adopted is to legislate for separate time limits in respect of
arbitral awards subsequently found to have been based on erroneous facts or to
have been influenced by procedural fraud.

44 Third, Mr Yeo’s construction of the phrase “[n]otwithstanding Art 34(1) of
the Model Law” rests on the assumption that both s 24(a) (ie fraud) and s
24(b) of the IAA (ie, breach of natural justice) are exempt from the time
limit in Art 34(3) despite significant overlaps in the scope of the grounds
listed in s 24(a) and s 24(b) of the IAA, and Art 34(2)(a)(ii) and Art
34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law. It is not disputed that cases of fraud, bribery
or corruption fall within the ambit of public policy as a ground for setting
aside under Art 34(2)(b)(ii) and there is no exception to the three-month time
limit for this ground. The upshot of Mr Yeo’s construction is an internal
inconsistency within the legislation: (a) there is a non-extendable three-
month time limitation if recourse against an arbitral award is brought under
Art 34(2)(a)(ii) and Art 34(2)(b)(ii); and (b) the applicable time limit for
an application to set aside an arbitral award under s 24 of the IAA is
governed by O 69A r 2(4) of the ROC and this procedural time limit is
extendable subject to the court’s general discretion under O 3 r 4(1) and O 92
r 4 of the ROC to prevent injustice. The inconsistency as described will
result if the opening words “[n]otwithstanding Article 34(1) of the Model Law”
in s 24 of the IAA are construed to have the effect of carving out the time
limit in Article 34(3) for s 24 grounds. Parliament could not have intended
for such an incongruous and absurd result whereby parties restricted by the
non-extendable three-month time limitation under Art 34(2) of the Model Law
would be able to circumvent the time bar requirement by resorting to the
grounds set out in s 24 of the IAA.

45 Finally, Mr Yeo’s contention that Parliament must have intended for special
and narrow cases of fraud or corruption under s 24(a) of IAA (which could at
times be discoverable only three months after the receipt of the award) not to
be subject to the three-month time limit in Art 34(3) of the Model Law is
untenable. Whilst he has a point that such a construction would prevent
fraudsters and corrupt parties from profiting from their own misdeeds on a
procedural technicality, his contention runs into difficulty for two reasons
when applied to s 24(b) of the IAA for the breach of rules of natural justice.
First, most breaches of natural justice ought to be apparent and discoverable
at the arbitral hearing, and are thereafter discernible from the award so that
any recourse against the award would be within three months of receipt of the
arbitral award. Second, the lack of harmonisation within the two limbs of s 24
creates an unsatisfactory situation: s 24 of the IAA becomes a limping
provision, where both grounds under s 24(a) and s 24(b) of the IAA are exempt
from the non-extendable time limitation even though the aforementioned policy
reason only justifies such an exemption in the case of s 24(a). I can find no
reason for this, especially where the s 24(b) of the IAA ground for breach of
rules of natural justice has such a broad scope and substantially overlaps
with the “otherwise unable to present its case” ground in Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of
the Model Law.

46 For the above reasons, Mr Bull’s construction of the phrase
“[n]otwithstanding Art 34(1) of the Model Law” is preferred over Mr Yeo’s. To
answer both Questions (a) and (b), applications brought under s 24 of the IAA
are subject to the three-month time limit in Art 34(3) of the Model Law, which
is an absolute one that favours finality of arbitral awards. The plaintiffs’
application to set aside the Partial Award under s 24 of the IAA and Art 34(2)
of the Model Law was filed out of time and it is therefore dismissed with
costs.

Time Extension for setting aside the enforcement order

47 In OS 1432, the plaintiffs seek an extension of time for the plaintiffs to
apply to set aside HC/ORC 6609/2016 granting leave to the defendants to
enforce the Partial Award in the same manner as a Judgment or Order of this
court. The application for time extension is made pursuant to O 3 r 4(1) of
the ROC and/or under the inherent jurisdiction of this court. The plaintiffs
did not apply to set aside HC/ORC 6609/2016 within fourteen days of service of
the same as stipulated therein. The defendants filed the Enforcement Judgment
in terms of the Partial Award on 20 June 2017.

48 Order 3 r 4(1) of the ROC provides:

The Court may, on such terms as it thinks just, by order extend or abridge the
period within which a person is required or authorised by these Rules or by
any judgment, order or direction, to do any act in any proceedings.

49 The words “such terms as it thinks just” gives the court discretion to
grant time extension in order to achieve justice in the circumstances of the
case. Generally, the factors the court takes into consideration in deciding
whether to grant an extension of time are: (a) the length of delay; (b) the
reasons for delay; (c) the chances of the defaulting party succeeding on
appeal if the time for appealing were extended; and (d) the degree of
prejudice to the would-be respondent if the extension of time were granted:
see Sun Jin Engineering Pte Ltd v Hwang Jae Woo [2011] 2 SLR 196 at [29]; AD v
AE [2004] 2 SLR(R) 505 at [10]) with the courts generally focusing on the
first two: Falmac Ltd v Cheng Ji Lai Charlie and another matter [2014] 4 SLR
202 at [14]. The first two factors are relevant to the present application for
time extension.

50 In Astro Nusantara International B.V. and others v PT First Media TBK
[2018] HKCFA 12 (“Astro Nusantara International B.V.”), the Court of Final
Appeal of Hong Kong allowed an extension of time notwithstanding the fact that
the order granting leave to enforce was set aside 14 months out of time. While
the court noted that the delay of 14 months was substantial, it took into
consideration the fact that the opposing party had not suffered any
substantial prejudice (other than costs) and to refuse extension would be to
“deny First Media a hearing where its application has decisively strong
merits” (at [87]).

51 In this case, there was a delay of approximately 11 months and 9 months
after the relevant deadline had expired for the second plaintiff and the first
plaintiff respectively.

52 Whilst the length of delay is a factor, the main focus here is on the
reason for the extension. The application for an extension is based on new
evidence that was discovered post-award. The plaintiffs explained that the
FCPA Findings were made after the liability hearing, and they discovered from
the FCPA Findings new evidence of the alleged fraudulent and corrupt conduct
of Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu and their significance could only be fully
appreciated after the relevant timeline had expired. Thereafter, the
plaintiffs went to the Tribunal with a Request for Reconsideration of the
Partial Award. After that avenue failed, the plaintiffs filed OS 1432 on 21
December 2017.

53 Specifically, the fourteen-day timeline in HC/ORC 6609/2016 to set aside
the same expired on 18 January 2017 and 24 March 2017 for the second plaintiff
and the first plaintiff respectively, while the DOJ Agreement was only
published on 17 January 2017. While I note that the SEC Order was issued on 7
April 2016, I agree with the plaintiffs that the DOJ Agreement is a more
important document since it contained critical findings. As shall be seen in
the later part of this judgment, the DOJ Agreement also carries greater
evidential weight, especially since LVS admitted to facts in the DOJ
Agreement, while LVS neither admitted nor denied the facts in the SEC Order.
The DOJ Agreement quotes specific e-mails involving Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu
regarding the termination of an LVS finance employee. For the time extension
application, I am prepared to accept at face value the plaintiffs’ contention
that the FCPA Findings had to be read together to be properly appreciated.

54 The plaintiffs’ reasons for the delay and allegations of fraud are closely
connected in that the allegations of fraud are bound up with the merits of the
application to challenge enforcement of the Partial Award. As I see it, it is
within the court’s discretion to extend time and defer matters that are bound
up with the merits to the substantive hearing proper. Put another way, given
the circumstances of the present case, the plaintiffs ought to be allowed to
assert the allegations of fraud as put forward in the application for time
extension without reference to the further point of whether they are likely to
succeed or not at the substantive hearing. This approach is in the overall
interest of justice having regard also to the minimal prejudice caused to the
defendants. Accordingly, I allow the time extension to the plaintiffs’
application to set aside HC/ORC 6609/2016 and the Enforcement Judgment made in
default of the plaintiffs’ non-compliance with the relevant timeline. The
plaintiffs are to pay the defendants costs of the time extension application.

Overview of the application to resist enforcement of the Partial Award

55 The next section of this judgment will cover the application in OS 1432 to
resist enforcement of the Partial Award under Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model
Law (ie, contrary to public policy), and Art 36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law
(ie, “otherwise unable to present his case”). In this regard, it is necessary
to touch on the events leading to the Arbitration, the Tribunal’s findings in
the Partial Award as well as explain the FCPA Findings in some detail.

56 Before that however, it bears noting that the Partial Award is final and
binding on the plaintiffs since it has not been set aside. On the face of the
Partial Award, the findings of the Tribunal are that the MSA is not contrary
to Philippines Law and thus, in that sense, there is no finding that the MSA
and its performance, being lawful, is contrary to the public policy of the
Philippines. In this case, the only purpose of the plaintiffs’ allegations of
fraud is to use fraud under public policy considerations as a defence to
resist the recognition or enforcement of the Partial Award and to set aside
the enforcement orders. Whilst public policy exception exists to prevent
enforcement in appropriate cases, proving the defence of violation of public
policy based on the ground of fraud presents legal and evidentiary challenges
that require the court to go behind a valid award. At any rate, the court will
not disturb the principles of finality in arbitration without good reason; the
court has to be satisfied that some form of reprehensible or unconscionable
conduct that is within the spectrum of gravity of public policy considerations
had contributed in a material way to procuring the Partial Award or had an
important influence on the result. In this case, the public policy question
under Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of Model Law hinges on the plaintiffs’ allegations of
fraud. If fraud is not proved, that is the end of the inquiry and the
application to resist enforcement of the Partial Award fails. Likewise, the
outcome of the plaintiffs’ reliance on Art 36(1)(a)(ii) (ie, no opportunity to
present their case), which also hinges of the same allegations of fraud, would
be the same if fraud is not proved.

The Arbitration

57 On 12 September 2013, the plaintiffs issued a Notice of Termination of the
MSA to the defendants affirming “the termination of the [MSA] with GGAM
because of material breach of the MSA under Clause 15.1(a) of the MSA”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 186.

Clause 15.1(a) of the MSA states:

15\. TERMINATION

15.1 By Owner for GGAM’s Breach

The Owners may at any time, by written notice addressed to GGAM, give prior
notice of intention to terminate the Services under this Agreement, in whole
or in part if any of the following have occurred:

(a) GGAM has committed a material breach of this Agreement that is either
incapable of remedy or, if capable of remedy, has not been remedied within 30
days of the Owner’s notice or such longer period not exceeding 60 days as is
reasonably necessary to effect the remedy;

58 GGAM’s material breach of its obligations are recounted in the Arbitration
and they are briefly set out in [62(b)] below. On the same day, the defendants
commenced the Arbitration as claimants, arguing, inter alia, that the
plaintiffs, the respondents in the Arbitration, had materially breached their
obligations under the MSA and sought damages for the same. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 161.

Arguments before the Tribunal

59 The Tribunal was broadly faced with two key issues – one relating to
whether the defendants had perpetrated causal fraud on the plaintiffs in
inducing them into entering the MSA (the “Causal Fraud Issue”); the other
being whether the plaintiffs were justified on any ground in terminating the
MSA (the “Termination Issue”).

60 The Causal Fraud Issue was concerned with allegations of various
misrepresentations purportedly made by the defendants to the plaintiffs ([72]
of the Partial Award), which led the plaintiffs into entering the MSA. The
misrepresentations related to, inter alia, the following matters: (a) that
GGAM could be equated with LVS; (b) that GGAM had pre-existing relationships
with junket operators and guest data; (c) that GGAM was supposed to prepare
proprietary documentation for the performance of services under the MSA to be
furnished to the plaintiffs; (d) that the directors of GGAM would provide a
“hands-on approach” to the management of Solaire; and (e) that the role of
Cantor Fitzgerald (one of the owners of the holding company of GGAM) was not
fully disclosed.

61 As to the Termination Issue, the question was whether the plaintiffs had
wrongfully terminated the MSA based on the defendants’ purported material
breaches, particularly the defendants’ failure to deliver junkets or VIPs to
Solaire. Notably, Mr Weidner gave evidence that the defendants had two unique
strategies for attracting the junkets and foreign VIPs to Solaire: (a) a
“government-led, top-down junket approach”; and (b) a “cross-border trading
platform to promote business and gaming visitations between China and the
Philippines”. This evidence was intended to refute the plaintiffs’ case that
the defendants had failed to perform their obligations under the MSA. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 470, para 88.

In OS 1432, Mr Yeo submits that Mr Weidner’s two strategies came up for the
first time and belatedly at the Arbitration. In other words, the so-called
strategies were an afterthought.

62 As such, the plaintiffs sought a declaration that they had rightfully ended
the MSA due to GGAM’s material breach of its obligations thereunder. The
plaintiffs’ key arguments in the Arbitration can be summarised as follows:

(a) The misrepresentations and/or conduct of GGAM amounted to causal fraud
under Philippines Law that led the plaintiffs to enter into the MSA (ie, the
Causal Fraud Issue);

(b) The plaintiffs’ termination under cl 15.1 of the MSA (see [211] below) was
justified because of the various breaches of the MSA committed by the
defendants (ie, the Termination Issue). These breaches include:

(i) The failure to perform its obligations “through the Management Team”;

(ii) The failure to submit business and marketing plans that met prudent
industry practice under various clauses of the MSA;

(iii) Breach of the obligation to establish policies and procedures critical
to the successful operation of an integrated casino as required under Annex A
to the MSA;

(iv) Failure to use commercially reasonable efforts in the performance of its
obligations pursuant to cl 2.5 of the MSA; and

(v) Breach of the obligation to provide “hands-on management” as promised by
Mr Weidner.

Tribunal’s findings

63 The Tribunal dismissed the Causal Fraud Issue on the ground that to the
extent that any representations were made by the defendants, they were not
false or fraudulent at the time they were made. Under Philippines Law which
governed the MSA, the Tribunal noted that causal fraud is fraud “present or
employed at the time of the birth or perfection of the contract” ([124] of the
Partial Award). The fraud in question had to be sufficiently serious and there
must be “full, clear, and convincing evidence, and not merely by a
preponderance thereof” ([126] of the Partial Award).

64 Amongst other things, the Tribunal found that:

(a) There was no evidence that the defendants represented themselves as being
the same entity as LVS.

(b) The alleged representations about the defendants’ access to junket
operators was made after the MSA had been signed, and thus could not
constitute inducement ([131] of the Partial Award). In any case, given the
standing of Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu in the gaming industry, it was likely that
the defendants did have access to the junket operators or “high rollers” that
were to be brought to Solaire;

(c) There was simply no evidence of the defendants’ alleged representation
that they would prepare proprietary documentation for the plaintiffs ([133] of
the Partial Award).

(d) As for the representations about the “hands-on approach” to be provided by
the defendants’ directors, the Tribunal found that these were statements of
intention that were true at the time they were made and there was insufficient
evidence to show the contrary ([138] of the Partial Award). In any case, the
plaintiffs themselves had altered the management structure subsequently, which
meant that there could not have been any reasonable reliance on those previous
statements.

(e) Finally, the Tribunal found that the plaintiffs did not establish that any
false statement was made as regards Cantor Fitzgerald’s role. In any event,
the plaintiffs have also not demonstrated any legal basis mandating disclosure
of information relating to the partnership between GGAM and Cantor Fitzgerald
([147] of the Partial Award).

65 With respect to the Termination Issue, the Tribunal dismissed all of the
plaintiffs’ purported grounds for termination and found that the plaintiffs
had wrongfully terminated the MSA. Specifically, the Tribunal found, inter
alia, that:

(a) GGAM did perform its obligations through the Management Team in accordance
with the MSA.

(b) GGAM fulfilled its obligation to prepare, through the Management Team, the
Business and Marketing Plans under cl 2.10 of the MSA, and through the
Management Team, started to implement them.

(c) Again, GGAM fulfilled its obligation to produce policies and procedures
under Annex A of the MSA, which were done through the Management Team headed
by Mr French.

(d) The evidence was insufficient to substantiate a material breach of the
obligation to make commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the standard
of care enshrined in cl 2.5 of the MSA.

(e) The defendants had provided the necessary hands-on management and in any
case, the purported representations in this regard could not have been
justifiably relied upon because the management structure of Solaire had been
revised.

(f) The above grounds for termination relied on by the plaintiffs do not
qualify as material or “substantial and fundamental” violations of the MSA
that would justify rescission or annulment of the MSA.

Events that are post-Arbitration

66 The fraud now alleged by the plaintiffs to resist the enforcement of the
Partial Award is premised on the FCPA Findings. On 31 August 2017, the
plaintiffs filed a Request for Reconsideration of the Partial Award to the
Tribunal in the light of the FCPA Findings. In the request, the plaintiffs
sought, inter alia, for the Tribunal to reconsider its Partial Award and make
an award finding that the plaintiffs had “rightfully ended the [MSA] due to
GGAM’s material breach of its obligations thereunder”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1899.

67 The Tribunal issued its decision on the Request for Reconsideration on 22
November 2017 (“Decision on the Request”). The Tribunal opined that it did not
have the jurisdiction under Singapore law, being the law of the seat, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1902.

to reconsider its findings on liability in the Partial Award. In summary, this
was because s 19B of the IAA provided that the award was final and binding on
the parties, subject only to the provisions in Art 33 and 34(4) of the Model
Law. The Tribunal found that none of the exceptions applied in the present
case.

68 Nevertheless, the Tribunal made the following observations: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1924–1925.

73\. In any event, the Tribunal is cognisant that in the event a tribunal does
not reconsider an award despite issues of fraud, the aggrieved party is not
bereft of a remedy. Such a party may still apply to a Singapore court, "(a) to
set aside the Singapore Judgment; and (b) for leave to apply to set aside the
Singapore Order of Court (as was done in Astro)".

74\. The Tribunal believes that, where there are allegations of fraud, the
Courts might be the better forum not least because of the seriousness of an
allegation of fraud and its potential criminal consequences. Further, section
24 of the IAA provides the right to make an application to the Singapore High
Court to set aside an award on the ground of fraud.

[emphasis added in bold]

69 After receiving the Decision on the Request and taking legal advice, the
plaintiffs commenced OS 1432 on 21 December 2017.

The FCPA Findings

70 I turn then to consider in detail the contents of the FCPA Findings.

71 Both the DOJ Agreement and SEC Order pertain to three transactions
involving the defendants’ principals, Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu, which took place
between 2006 and 2011, before the present parties entered into the MSA. At the
period in question, Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu were directors of LVS, the entity
in question in the FCPA Findings. The transactions were found to be in
violation of the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and the plaintiffs’
contention is that they “directly implicate Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu as the key
protagonists in each of these transactions, and their activities were at the
heart of the wrongful conduct”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions (“PWS”) dated 17 September 2018, para 28.

72 It is undisputed that the “LVSC President and Chief Operating Officer”
mentioned in the SEC Order and the “Sands Executive 1” in the DOJ Agreement
refers to Mr Weidner. It is also undisputed that the “VML Executive” in the
DOJ Agreement and the “LVS President of Asian Development” in the SEC Order
refers to Mr Chiu.

SEC Order

73 The SEC Order dated 7 April 2016 was issued by the SEC to LVS, as the
respondent. The order is entitled “Order Instituting Cease-and-Desist
Proceedings pursuant to Section 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
Making Findings, and Imposing a Cease-and-Desist Order”.

74 The preamble to the SEC Order reads: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1342.

In anticipation of the institution of these proceedings, Respondent [LVS] has
submitted an Offer of Settlement (the “Offer”) which the Commission has
determined to accept. Solely for the purpose of these proceedings and any
other proceedings brought by or on behalf of the Commission, or to which the
Commission is a party, and without admitting or denying the findings herein,
except as to the Commission’s jurisdiction over it and the subject matter of
these proceedings, which are admitted, Respondent [LVS] consents to the entry
of this Order Instituting Cease-and-Desist Proceedings Pursuant to Section 21C
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Making Findings, and Imposing a Cease-
and-Desist Order (“Order”), as set forth below. [emphasis added]

75 The conduct by LVS is summarised as follows:

7\. This matter concerns the failure of LVSC to devise and maintain a
reasonable system of internal accounting controls over its operations in the
People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”) and the Macao Special
Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Macao”) from 2006
through at least 2011. As a result, funds totalling [sic] more than $62
million were transferred to a consultant in China over a series of
transactions under circumstances that frequently lacked supporting
documentation or appropriate authorization. Moreover, most of the transfers
occurred despite knowledge by senior LVSC management that they could not
account for significant funds previously transferred to the consultant in an
environment where significant bribery risks were present. This lack of
controls impacted other transactions, such as gifts and entertainment for
foreign officials, employee and vendor expense reimbursements, and customer
comps. The company also kept inaccurate books and records.

8\. As a result of this conduct, LVSC violated the internal controls and books
and records provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”).

[emphasis added]

76 According to the SEC Order, until March 2009, the operations in Macau and
China were overseen by Mr Weidner, who worked in close concert with Mr Chiu.
In 2006, Mr Chiu was introduced to a Chinese consultant (the “Consultant”),
who claimed to be a former Chinese government official with political
connections, through a high-level person with the China Liaison Office (“CLO”)
in Macau. The Consultant was supposed to assist the company with its
activities in China. With Mr Weidner’s approval, the Consultant was hired to
liaise with governmental bodies, provide assistance with approval processes
and served as an intermediary or “beard” to obscure LVS’ role in certain
transactions.

77 The SEC Order then goes on to explain the three transactions, which I will
summarise below. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, pp 1345–1349.

78 The first transaction concerns a basketball team. In early 2007, Mr Weidner
sought to purchase a professional basketball team in China with the purported
purpose of improving LVS’ image in China and increasing customer flow to the
casinos (“the Basketball Team transaction”). Due to regulations by the Chinese
Basketball Association, neither LVS nor its subsidiaries could purchase a
team. Hence, the Consultant was used as a “beard” to buy the team through a
wholly foreign-owned entity, while LVS entered into “what was ostensibly a
sponsorship agreement for the team.” Funds were repeatedly transferred to the
Consultant without any supporting documentation. Payments to the Consultant
were also falsely recorded in the company’s books and records. In total,
between March 2007 and January 2009, pursuant to a series of sponsorship and
advertising contracts, approximately US$14.8m was paid to the Consultant in
connection with the basketball team. Over one-third of the funds were paid
after the accounting firm engaged by LVS to review the transaction had
identified significant funds that were unaccounted for, and approximately
US$6.9m was transferred without appropriate authorisation or supporting
documents.

79 The second transaction relates to an Adelson Centre in China. Beginning in
2006, Mr Weidner sought to develop a non-gaming resort in Hengqin Island,
China (“the Adelson Centre transaction”). Such a development would require the
approval of government authorities and the Consultant introduced to LVS a
Chinese state-owned travel agency, China International Travel Services Ltd
(“CITS”), whose Chairman was believed to have “particular influence in
connection with Hengqin”. Mr Weidner authorised using the Consultant as a
“beard” to purchase a building in Beijing from CITS and it was named the
Adelson Center. Mr Weidner gave little or no thought to agreeing to purchase
the Beijing building. Between July 2007 and February 2008, approximately
US$43m was transferred to one of the Consultant’s entities for the purchase of
the real estate, but none of the payments were approved by an LVS employee
with sufficient authorisation.

80 In August 2007, while significant concerns were raised that the Consultant
intended to obtain the basement title to the building by making improper
payments to government officials, the company proceeded to lease the basement
from the Consultant. However, no documentation was obtained to prove that the
Consultant had obtained the title legally or that his entity purchased the
basement from CITS.

81 Among other things, in September 2008, Mr Chiu signed contracts that
cancelled the transfer of shares from the Consultant’s entity and agreed to
receive in exchange from the Consultant a promissory note for approximately
US$43m, which far exceeded Mr Chiu’s authority. The project for the Adelson
Centre was shuttered at about the same time. In total, LVS transferred
approximately US$61m in connection with the real estate transaction and
ultimately received approximately US$44m in settlement from the Consultant.

82 Third is a transaction concerning the Macau Operations. In 2007, LVS set up
a high-speed ferry business to transport customers from China and Hong Kong to
Macau (“the Macau Operations transaction”). Under pressure from Mr Weidner,
the LVS employees selected a recently-formed ferry company, Chu Kong Shipping
(“CKS”), which was indirectly owned by, amongst others, the Consultant and the
Chairman of CITS. Mr Weidner stated in an e-mail that the selection of CKS
would be politically advantageous to LVS. CKS was also “spending the majority
of the entertainment expense on government officials”, providing them meals
and giving them “red envelopes containing cash around the Chinese New Year”,
which was known to LVS. LVS also did not enforce policies and procedures
regarding purchasing and employees were able to use cash advances and expense
reimbursements to circumvent them.

83 The relevant provisions of the Securities Exchange Act 15 USC (US) 1934
(“Securities Exchange Act”) that were engaged are outlined in the SEC Order
under the sub-heading of “Legal Standards and FCPA Violations”: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1350.

46\. Under Section 13(b)(2)(A) of the Exchange Act, issuers are required to
make and keep books, records, and accounts, which, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets
of the issuer. 15 U.S.C. § 78m(b)(2)(A).

47\. Under Section 13(b)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act, issuers are required to
devise and maintain a system of internal accounting controls  ...

48\. As a result of the conduct described above, LVSC violated Section
13(b)(2)(A) because its books and records did not, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the purpose of the payments. LVSC violated
Section 13(b)(2)(B) because it did not devise and maintain a reasonable system
of internal accounting controls over operations in Macao and China to ensure
that access to assets was permitted and that transactions were executed in
accordance with management’s authorization; in addition, that transactions
were recorded as necessary to maintain accountability for assets, particularly
with regard to the accounts payable process, the purchasing process, due
diligence, and controls surrounding contracts.

[emphasis added]

84 As a result, the SEC Order stipulated that LVS cease and desist from
committing any violations of the Securities Exchange Act and issued a civil
penalty of US$9m. It also mandated the respondent to comply with a list of
undertakings concerning the retention of an independent consultant for a
period of two years to, inter alia, help ensure LVS’ compliance with the FCPA.

DOJ Agreement

85 As with the SEC Order, the DOJ Agreement dated 17 January 2017 was issued
against LVS, which is referred to as “the Company” therein. The agreement
states that: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1358.

The Company admits, accepts, and acknowledges that it is responsible for the
acts of its then-officers, directors, employees, and agents as set forth in
the Statement of Facts and incorporated by reference into this Agreement, and
that the facts described in the Statement of Facts are true and accurate. The
Company expressly agrees that it shall not, through present or future
attorneys, officers, directors, employees, agents or any other person
authorized to speak for the Company make any public statement, in litigation
or otherwise, contradicting the acceptance of responsibility by the Company
set forth above or the facts described in the Statement of Facts. [emphasis
added]

86 The summary of conduct found in the Statement of Facts annexed to the DOJ
Agreement states, inter alia, that: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1366.

10\. Between in or around 2006 and 2009, [LVS], through its Macao- and PRC-
based subsidiaries, transferred approximately $60 million to Consultant for
the purpose of promoting [LVS’] business and brands.

11\. Several of [LVS’] contracts with and payments to Consultant had no
discernible legitimate business purpose, [LVS] senior executives were
repeatedly warned about the Consultant's dubious business practices and the
high risk of [LVS’] transactions with Consultant, and by at least early 2008,
certain senior [LVS] executives knew that over $700,000 paid to Consultant by
[LVS] subsidiaries had simply disappeared.

12\. Nevertheless, [LVS] continued to engage Consultant for work on behalf of
[LVS], with knowledge of the same [LVS] senior executives, and did not take
steps to provide reasonable assurances about the Company's use and
disbursement of funds and assets. In particular, [LVS] failed to carry out
enhanced due diligence on all of Consultant's myriad companies, and did not
insist on the appropriate documentation, approvals, or justifications for the
payments to Consultant, even after [LVS] had become aware of Consultant's
failure to account for sums of over $700,000 paid by [LVS] and Consultant's
business practices.

87 The Statement of Facts in the DOJ Agreement goes on to outline two out of
the three transactions highlighted in the SEC Order earlier, being the
Basketball Team transaction and the Adelson Centre transaction. It suffices to
note that while the DOJ Agreement and SEC Order are not mirror images, they do
overlap in substance to a large extent and are consistent with each other.

88 The main body of the DOJ Agreement also provides, inter alia, that the
Fraud Section of the DOJ enters into the agreement based on the individual
facts and circumstances including: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1357–1358.

(a) the Company did not receive voluntary disclosure credit because it did not
voluntarily and timely disclose to the Fraud Section the conduct described in
the Statement of Facts …;

…

(d) the Company no longer employs or is affiliated with any of the individuals
implicated in the conduct at issue in the case; engaged in extensive remedial
measures, including revamping and expanding its compliance and audit functions
and programs and making significant personnel changes…;

(e) the Company has committed to continue to enhance its compliance program
and internal controls…;

(f) the Company resolved with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC") through an Administrative Proceeding filed on or about April 7, 2016,
regarding conduct substantially overlapping with that at issue here (the "SEC
Resolution"), and agreed to pay a civil penalty of $9 million;

(h) the nature and seriousness of the offense, in particular a [wilful]
failure by then executives of the Company to implement adequate internal
accounting controls in connection with significant payments to companies
associated with a consultant in a region known to be high risk for corruption,
without appropriate due diligence of certain entities, consistent monitoring
of or justifications for payments, and proper approvals and documentation,
even after certain then-senior executives of the Company had been notified
about the consultant's business practices and failure to account for over
$700,000;

(i) accordingly, after considering (a) through (h) above, the Company received
an aggregate discount of 25% of the bottom of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines
fine range.

[emphasis added]

89 The consequence of the DOJ Agreement is that LVS would pay a monetary
penalty of US$6.96m and the DOJ agreed “not to bring any criminal or civil
case…against [LVS] or any of its present or former subsidiaries relating to
any of the conduct described in the attached Statement of Facts”. Moreover,
LVS was also required to implement or continue a corporate compliance
programme with reporting obligations.

Parties’ cases

The plaintiffs’ case

90 Mr Yeo relies on two provisions for resisting enforcement of the Award
under Art 36 of the Model Law. First, that enforcement in such situations
“would be contrary to the public policy of Singapore” under Art 36(1)(b)(ii)
of the Model Law; and second, that the party to an award was “unable to
present his case” under Art 36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law.

91 The plaintiffs’ attack of the Partial Award is a wide-ranging one. At one
level, the plaintiffs argue that in the light of the FCPA Findings, Mr Weidner
“committed perjury by testifying about his strategies but omitting the context
which would have led a reasonable person to conclude that these strategies
were fraudulent and/or corrupt”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS dated 17 September 2018, para 99.

This is the procedural fraud argument. In their view, the defendants have
perjured themselves by putting forward a positive case of performance without
disclosing the true facts involved in bribing Chinese state officials as a key
part of their strategy to deliver those junket operators. This perjury or
concealment of evidence, the plaintiffs add, was perpetrated in part by the
defendants’ counsel in the Arbitration, Paul Hastings LLP (“Paul Hastings”),
which was the same law firm that was representing Mr Weidner with respect to
the US government’s investigations into LVS. In this vein, the plaintiffs took
issue with the adequacy of the document collection process undertaken by Paul
Hastings in the Arbitration.

92 Alongside the argument on procedural fraud, Mr Yeo argues that “new
evidence” in the FCPA Findings show that the Partial Award was “tainted by the
fraudulent and/or corrupt nature of Mr Weidner’s strategies [in LVS] because…
these strategies were deployed in performance of the MSA”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PWS dated 17 September 2018, para 124.

The basis of the plaintiffs’ allegation is the purported striking similarity
in the entities implicated in the LVS investigations and those in the MSA. The
plaintiffs and the Tribunal were prevented from discovering the fraudulent
and/or corrupt nature of Mr Weidner’s strategies deployed in performance of
the MSA due to the defendants’ procedural fraud as outlined above. Thus, quite
apart from the concealment and perjury that allegedly transpired in the course
of the Arbitration (ie, procedural fraud), the plaintiffs argue that the new
evidence shows that the defendants had committed actual fraud.

93 The purported consequence of both the procedural fraud and the new evidence
argument (which in my view are inextricably intertwined) on the plaintiffs’
case is broadly twofold: (a) the Tribunal’s decision would have been different
on a variety of issues (particularly the Causal Fraud Issue and the
Termination Issue) if it had known about the purported fraud disclosed in the
FCPA Findings; and (b) the Arbitration would have proceeded on an entirely
different basis ie, focusing on different matters altogether. Pausing here,
the plaintiffs’ allegation that they did not have an opportunity to present
their case was also due to the procedural fraud perpetrated by the defendants.
I will deal with this variant of procedural fraud in the context of breach of
the rules of natural justice separately in a later part of this judgment.

The defendants’ case

94 The defendants, on the other hand, argue that neither the DOJ Agreement nor
the SEC Order provide the plaintiffs a basis for resisting enforcement of
HC/ORC 6609/2016 under Art 36 of the Model Law. Mr Bull submits that (a) the
DOJ Agreement and SEC Order do not disclose any evidence of fraud or
corruption by the defendants in their management of Solaire; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendants’ written submissions (“DWS”) dated 29 January 2019, para 55.

(b) the plaintiffs were aware or should have been aware of the matters that
eventually formed the contents of the two documents prior to the Arbitration;
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DWS dated 29 January 2019, para 94–98; 104.

and (c) in any event, the FCPA Findings do not affect the Tribunal’s findings
in the Partial Award, whether with regards to the Causal Fraud Issue or the
Termination Issue or otherwise. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS dated 29 January 2019, para 112.

The relevant legal principles

95 I begin with the decision of PT First Media TBK (formerly known as PT
Broadband Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara International BV and others and
another appeal [2014] 1 SLR 372 where the Court of Appeal held that the
grounds in Art 36(1) of the Model Law are available to an award debtor seeking
to resist enforcement of a domestic international arbitral award under s 19 of
the IAA (at [84]). Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law states that:

Article 36. Grounds for refusing recognition or enforcement

(1) Recognition or enforcement of an arbitral award, irrespective of the
country in which it was made, may be refused only:

…

(b) if the court finds that:

…

(ii) the recognition or enforcement of the award would be contrary to the
public policy of this State.

96 While the term “public policy” appears open-ended and is undefined in
either the Model Law or the IAA, case law on the scope of the public of policy
of Singapore is that it should be construed narrowly and consequently, the
threshold for resisting enforcement of an award is a high one. The Court of
Appeal in PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA [2007] 1 SLR(R)
597 (“PT Asuransi”) held that the public policy ground is invoked when the
upholding of the award would “shock the conscience” or is “clearly injurious
to the public good or … wholly offensive to the ordinary reasonable and fully
informed member of the public” or “where it violates the forum’s most basic
notion of morality and justice” (at [59]). While PT Asuransi concerns a
setting aside application under Art 34 of the Model Law, the definition and
principles therein also apply to the present case of resisting enforcement
under Art 36 of the Model Law. A similar observation has been made by the
Court of Appeal in AJU v AJT [2011] 4 SLR 739 (“AJU v AJT”) where it was
stated that the question of public policy under both the setting aside regime
and the enforcement regime for foreign arbitral awards is the same (at [34]).
Likewise, there should be no difference in the enforcement regime for domestic
international arbitral awards under Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law.

Fraud under public policy considerations

97 Fraud, corruption and bribery would generally fall within the rubric of
being “contrary to public policy”: PT Asuransi at [59] citing the Commission
Report (A/40/17), at para 297 (referred to in A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model
Law on International Commercial Arbitration: Legislative History and
Commentary by Howard M Holtzmann and Joseph E Neuhaus (Kluwer, 1989) at p
914):

In discussing the term “public policy”, it was understood that it was not
equivalent to the political stance or international policies of a State but
comprised the fundamental notions and principles of justice… It was understood
that the term “public policy”, which was used in the 1958 New York Convention
and many other treaties, covered fundamental principles of law and justice in
substantive as well as procedural respects. Thus, instances such as
corruption, bribery or fraud and similar serious cases would constitute a
ground for setting aside. [emphasis added]

98 The same point was noted in Beijing Sinozonto Mining Investment Co Ltd v
Goldenray Consortium (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 814 (“Beijing
Sinozonto”) at [41]:

Public policy is capable of covering a wide variety of matters. Erroneous
legal reasoning or misapplication of law is generally not a violation of
public policy within the meaning of s 31(4)(b). However, in the present case,
the argument advanced is that the forum state’s most basic notions of morality
and justice would be violated if an arbitral award procured through fraud was
enforced there; and “fraud” in this context encompasses a showing of bad faith
during the arbitration proceedings, such as bribery, undisclosed bias of the
arbitrator, or wilful destruction or withholding of evidence … [emphasis
added]

It thus clear that fraud, whether substantive or procedural, would fall within
the ambit of Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law.

99 Where fraud is alleged, strong and cogent evidence has to be adduced and
the court will not infer a finding of fraud: Swiss Singapore Overseas
Enterprises Pte Ltd v Exim Rajathi India Pvt Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 573 (“Swiss
Singapore”) at [64] cited in BVU v BVX [2019] SGHC 69 (“BVU v BVX”) at [46].
In this regard, the court in Beijing Sinozonto considered whether the grounds
under s 31(4)(b) of IAA have been made out. The first inquiry is whether the
preliminary facts making out the grounds relied upon have been proven to the
satisfaction of the court on the balance of probabilities. If this standard of
proof has been satisfied, the court should then embark on the second inquiry,
which is whether to make a final order refusing the applicant leave to enforce
the foreign arbitral award. In Beijing Sinozonto, the court found Goldenray’s
allegations – specifically that there was an improper arrangement between the
respondent and the tribunal based on various e-mails – improbable and
unsupported by cogent evidence. The standard of proof remains that of a
balance of probabilities and the touchstone is one of dishonesty: BVU v BVX at
[46]; Beijing Sinozonto at [70].

100 The plaintiffs rely on the case of Soleimany v Soleimany [1999] 3 All ER
847 (“Soleimany”) where the English Court of Appeal refused to enforce an
arbitral award that upheld an illegal contract; the award was tainted with
illegality and was found to be contrary to the public policy of England. The
plaintiffs submit that just as an arbitral award can be tainted with
illegality by virtue of the underlying illegal contract and hence affected by
fraud or corruption, a party should be able to resist the enforcement of an
arbitral award for being tainted by illegality where the underlying contract
was performed using fraudulent or corrupt means. As the Court of Appeal noted
in AJU v AJT at [62] with reference to Soleimany, where the law applicable to
the impugned contract is Singapore law, “the court cannot abrogate its
judicial power to the Tribunal to decide what the public policy of Singapore
is and, in turn whether or not [the agreement] is illegal”. The court is
entitled to decide whether an underlying contract is illegal and refuse to
enforce an award that is tainted by the illegality as such. This broad legal
proposition is to be understood in its context: that public policy is a
question of law for the enforcing court to determine based on its domestic law
(at [67]).

101 The plaintiffs are seeking denial of enforcement of the Partial Award
against them on grounds of violation of public policy based on fraud. Hence,
short of establishing fraud as alleged, the public policy ground is not
engaged. The strictness of this approach is consistent with the view that a
court should not be quick to interfere under Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law
and a line is drawn at where the court should observe the principles of
finality in arbitration.

102 An interesting aspect of this case is the new evidence argument explained
earlier. The FCPA Findings represent the new evidence that was not in
existence at the time of the Arbitration. In my view, the new evidence of
fraud needs to be admitted; if it is incontrovertible, the new evidence of
fraud could be “accepted” in the interest of saving time and costs. In this
case, the defendants did not challenge the FCPA Findings on admissibility.
Instead, the dispute was over what the FCPA Findings said and their effects.

Perjury and concealment of evidence during arbitral proceedings

103 The law concerning perjury and the concealment of evidence has been
canvassed in a number of decisions – notably, Swiss Singapore and Dongwoo
Mann+Hummel Co Ltd v Mann+Hummel Gmbh [2008] 3 SLR(R) 871 (“Dongwoo”) and more
recently considered in BVU v BVX. I will outline the key principles herein.

104 Perjury and the deliberate suppression or withholding of documents in an
arbitration can in a proper case amount to obtaining an award by fraud: Swiss
Singapore at [29] and Dongwoo at [139]. Broadly speaking, this means that
there has to be fraud in the arbitration itself.

105 Specifically, where the fraud alleged is perjury by a party in the
arbitration, the applicant must prove that:

(a) False evidence is given in a legal proceeding (and similarly in
arbitration) which is intended to cause any person in that proceeding to form
an erroneous opinion that touches any point material to the result of such
proceeding (Koh Pee Huat v Public Prosecutor [1996] 2 SLR(R) 816 at [44]);

(b) The new evidence demonstrating fraud could not have been discovered or
produced, despite reasonable diligence, during the arbitration proceedings;
and

(c) The newly discovered evidence must be decisive in that it would have
prompted the arbitrator to have ruled in favour of the applicant instead of
the other party (Swiss Singapore at [29] approving DDT Trucks of North America
Ltd v DDT Holdings Ltd [2007] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 213).

106 If the fraud concerns non-disclosure or concealment of material documents,
the applicant must prove that (BVU v BVX at [47], Swiss Singapore at [25]
approving Elektrim SA v Vivendi Universal SA [2007] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 693
(“Elektrim”)):

(a) There is deliberate (as opposed to innocent or negligent) concealment
aimed at deceiving the arbitral tribunal or the other party/parties to the
arbitration. In other words, there must not have been a good reason for the
non-disclosure (Dongwoo at [133], BVU v BVX at [96]).

(b) There is a causative link between the deliberate concealment and the
decision in favour of the concealing party (ie, the concealment must have
substantially impacted the making of the award). The document (or information)
concealed must be so material that earlier discovery would have prompted the
arbitrator to rule in favour of the applicant.

(c) There must not have been a good reason for the non-disclosure.

107 Where new evidence is being introduced to demonstrate fraud, the applicant
would have to demonstrate why it was not available or could not have been
obtained with reasonable diligence at the time of the arbitration (BVU v BVX
at [106] affirming Westacre Investments Inc v Jugoimport-SDPR Holding Co Ltd
[1999] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 65 at 77).

108 While there is a distinction between perjury and concealment of documents
(espoused in Swiss Singapore), three core elements are common to either form
of procedural fraud: (a) dishonesty or bad faith; (b) the materiality of the
new evidence to the decision of the tribunal; and (c) the non-availability of
the evidence during the earlier proceeding It is clear that proving fraud,
dishonest or unconscionable conduct is essential but not sufficient (Swiss
Singapore at [27] and [29] affirming Thyssen Canada Ltd v Mariana Maritime SA
[2005] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 640). There must be a causative link between the
fraudulent conduct and the claim for enforcement of the Partial Award to
justify interference by the court on public policy grounds.

109 While some decisions such as Swiss Singapore are concerned with
concealment of documents, the same principles would generally apply to the
concealment of information (whether contained in documents or otherwise) as
well. For convenience, I will use the term “concealment of information” to
refer to both perjury and concealment of information or documents as has been
alleged by the plaintiffs in respect of procedural fraud.

110 With the principles set out above in mind, in the context of the
plaintiffs’ application to resist enforcement of the Partial Award under Art
36(1)(b)(ii), the key questions to be examined are as follows:

(a) Is there procedural fraud that engages Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law?

(b) Was the fraud so material that it substantially impacted the award? Put
differently, is there a requisite causative link between the alleged fraud and
the Partial Award?

111 As stated, the FCPA Findings were not in existence at the time of the
Arbitration. Admissibility of the FCPA Findings was not an issue before me.
Thus, as discussed below at [220], the non-availability of evidence
requirement does not really arise taking the plaintiff’s case at its highest.
The central debate in the present case is on the scope and effect of the FCPA
Findings.

Is there procedural fraud?

112 For the reasons explained below, the plaintiffs’ allegations of
concealment of information against either the defendants or Paul Hastings are
not made out. In any case, the procedural fraud allegation is short on the
materiality requirement ie, it is not so material that it would have
substantially affected the Partial Award. Consequently, it cannot be said, as
the plaintiffs have so asserted, that Tribunal’s decision would have been
different on the Causal Fraud Issue or the Termination Issue, or that the
Arbitration would have proceeded on an entirely different footing altogether.

113 I will deal first with the plaintiffs’ allegations against the defendants
before turning to those against Paul Hastings.

Alleged concealment by the defendants

114 With respect to the plaintiffs’ allegations of concealment of information
against the defendants, Mr Yeo argues that the defendants had deliberately
concealed the matters disclosed in the FCPA Findings. This deliberate
concealment substantially impacted the making of the award in the sense that
that their fraud resulted in an award in which the Tribunal’s findings would
have been materially different absent GGAM’s fraud. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Letter from Plaintiffs’ counsel to Court dated 24 July 2019, para 6.

Attention was drawn particularly to (a) a statement given by Mr Weidner on 18
August 2012 (“the 18 August 2012 statement”); and (b) the oral testimony of Mr
Weidner in the Arbitration.

The 18 August 2012 statement

115 The 18 August 2012 statement stems from e-mail correspondence between
representatives of the plaintiffs and defendants in August 2012. This
correspondence began with the plaintiffs’ encounter with a news article
reporting the LVS investigation. According to the plaintiffs, the said
statement represents the “start of the lie that perverts the whole
arbitration”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript, 21 May 2019, p 102.

116 It is necessary to set out the correspondence between the parties to
understand the basis of the plaintiffs’ present complaints. In an e-mail from
one Ms Estela Tuason-Occena (“Ms Tuason-Occena”) from the plaintiffs on 14
August 2012, states that: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

First affidavit of Daniel Weiner, p 3304.

…By the way, I came across an article…that mentioned [Mr Weidner] and [Mr
Stone] concerning the scrutiny by the [DOJ], the [SEC] and the audit committee
of Sands Corp of the following transactions for possible violations of the
[FCPA]: a US$50 million payment for real estate for Adelson Center in Beijing,
Sand’s sponsorship of a Chinese basketball team, and a contract for ferry
services between Macau and Hong Kong. It all happened in 2007 according to the
article. Could you please advise us of the status and how you think the
investigation will go? How will this impact [Mr Weidner], [Mr Stone] and GGAM?
… [emphasis added]

117 Mr Saunders, one of the principals from GGAM, replied to the email on the
same day stating what the plaintiffs consider to be one of many lies: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

First affidavit of Daniel Weiner, p 3303.

… this refers to activities that are old news and [Mr Weidner] considers them
to be totally without merit. It is more of a distraction created by LVS as
part of lawsuits and other investigations in a number of other matters. I also
seriously doubt that those other LVS charges have any merit. My experience
with the company and executives that continue to work there only supports that
no one within the company would do something that put the company (or their
personal licenses) in jeopardy.

118 Ms Tuason-Occena replies thereafter asking:

…When the news hit the Philippine papers and SEC and [Philippine Stock
Exchange] inquired [sic] about it i.e., deny or confirm and explain the news
article, what do you want us to say in the letter response to SEC and PSE?

…

119 Then, Mr Weidner replies Ms Tuason-Occena on the same day, copying Mr
Saunders in the same e-mail, promising a “full response/explanation from my
lawyers tomorrow to share with you and any others”. The response from Mr
Weidner to Ms Tuason-Occena dated 15 August 2012, with the subject heading
“WSJ & NYT Articles” states:

…Attached is a statement that has been fully vetted by my lawyers.

Unfortunately, I have been dragged into this current investigation relating to
events of 6 years ago that emanate from LVS’s dismissal of Steve Jacobs on
July 23, 2010, former CEO of Sands China, which resulted in allegations that
led to the current investigation.

The attached comments have been carefully researched by my legal team and
authorized for sharing with you and others.

[emphasis added]

120 This first statement referenced reads:

“You may have seen recent news coverage of issues related to my former
employer, Las Vegas Sands, and its business activities in Asia. Although I had
serious disagreements and concerns with company leadership, which I voiced to
the board and ultimately led to my decision to resign, I am proud of the work
during my tenure to build our presence in Asia. I am equally satisfied that
under my watch, I set a standard that required all business relationships and
agreements under my purview to be thoroughly reviewed and vetted by legal
counsel and accounting professionals to ensure the company was complying with
both U.S. and foreign law. I value our business relationship and our
friendship and look forward to continuing to create value with my many
partners around the world.” [emphasis added]

I pause to note that this vetted statement is the basis upon which the
plaintiffs accuse Paul Hastings of concealing material information or
assisting GGAM in doing so, which I will address in the next section: [135(b)]
below.

121 The plaintiffs and their lawyers found that the vetted statement did not
address the questions and concerns raised and as such, sought further
clarification from Mr Weidner. Mr Weidner replied Ms Tuason-Occena, promising
a more detailed response.

122 Finally, on 18 August 2012, the formal response from Mr Weidner was sent
to Ms Tuason-Occena with the subject heading “NYT & WSJ Articles Revised
Comment”. This statement bears quoting:

…

Below is the revised statement. Please ask [plaintiffs’ lawyers] if he could
review the statement for compliance of our Philippine regulators and let me
know if there are any further comments.

“During my more than 13 years at [LVS], I believe I played an important role
in guiding the company to successful growth and expansion, and to the creation
– and preservation – of significant shareholder value. In the course of that
work, I participated at a strategic level in many transactions, including
certain transactions you may have read about in recent Wall Street Journal and
New York Times articles. My participation in those transactions was consistent
with the role of any Chief Operating Officer and President of a large public
company. The transactions were presented to and reviewed thoroughly by the
board of directors of LVS to ensure the company was complying with both U.S.
and foreign law. I was not involved in the transfer or accounting of funds
related to those transactions and the subsequent course of events at the
company ended with my resignation from [LVS] in March 2009. While I was a
[LVS], I was not aware nor was I complicit in any alleged wrongdoing regarding
the referenced transactions”.

[emphasis added]

123 Based on the 18 August 2012 statement (which was referred to as the
revised statement), when compared with the DOJ Agreement and SEC Order, the
plaintiffs submit that Mr Weidner had lied 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript, 21 May 2019, p 100 to 103.

and concealed information about the investigations, which would otherwise have
constituted valid grounds for terminating the MSA. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript, 21 May 2018, p 100.

The central lie according to the plaintiffs is that Mr Weidner had said he was
not involved in the impugned transactions and did not reveal that both Mr Chiu
and he were the subject of investigations. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript, 23 May 2019, p 108, lines 25 to 31.

124 The plaintiffs identify three key inconsistencies between the 18 August
2012 statement and the FCPA Findings: (a) the accuracy of Mr Weidner’s
presentation to the board of LVS; (b) Mr Weidner’s involvement in the transfer
and accounting of funds at LVS; and (c) Mr Weidner’s knowledge or awareness of
any wrongdoing at LVS. Hence, the plaintiffs submit that “if the plaintiffs
had known in 2012 and/or the Tribunal had known what the [FCPA Findings] have
now revealed regarding Mr Weidner’s false statement in 2012, the plaintiffs
would have been found to have sufficient cause to terminate the MSA for, inter
alia, material breach of the MSA’s Standard of Care and [the Philippines
Amusement and Gaming Corporation] suitability requirements”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PWS dated 17 September 2018, para 44.

125 In my view, there is no procedural fraud on the part of Mr Weidner or the
defendants that was disclosed by the 18 August 2012 statement as considered
against the FCPA Findings.

126 Firstly, to establish perjury or concealment of information for that
matter, false information must be given in a legal proceeding which is
intended to cause any party in that proceeding or the tribunal to form an
erroneous opinion that touches any point material to the result of such
proceeding: Koh Pee Huat v Public Prosecutor [1996] 2 SLR(R) 816 at [44]. The
threshold problem that the plaintiffs encounter by predicating their
allegation of procedural fraud on the 18 August 2012 statement is that there
is nothing therein that can be remotely said to be given as part of a legal
proceeding. Between then and the Arbitration which commenced in September
2013, Solaire was officially opened in March 2013. It was only in July 2013
that the plaintiffs sent a letter to the defendants outlining issues with
their execution of the MSA.

127 Secondly, notwithstanding that preliminary hurdle, I am inclined to accept
the defendants’ submission that the 18 August 2012 Statement was not dishonest
or fraudulent. I accept that when the statement is juxtaposed with the FCPA
Findings, there are prima facie inconsistencies, which the plaintiffs have
been quick to highlight. However, the circumstances surrounding the statement
must be appreciated.

128 As just noted, the statement was made in August 2012, more than a year
before the notice of arbitration was even filed by the defendants. In
addition, while it appears that LVS was already undergoing investigations by
the DOJ and SEC in August 2012, it was not until 2016 and 2017 that any
findings were reported by these US government authorities. I do not think it
can be seriously contested that at that time, investigations were more likely
than not in their initial phases and Mr Weidner’s 18 August 2012 statement
(and his mens rea for the purposes of making out a case of procedural fraud)
must thus be understood in that context. The test for procedural fraud is not
merely inconsistencies or even obvious inconsistencies. It is trite that the
linchpin of fraud of any kind is dishonest intention at the material time. I
do not see how anything in the 18 August 2012 statement discloses a subjective
intent to defraud on the part of Mr Weidner or the defendants.

129 Thirdly, I note that the statement was drafted with the assistance of Mr
Weidner’s solicitors and indeed the evidence suggests that the plaintiffs were
also advised by their own solicitors at the material time. In OS 1432, Mr
Weidner maintains that the statement “truthfully described [his] participation
in the transactions under the [LVS] investigation”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

First affidavit of William Weidner, para 20.

Even then, as shall be seen in the later part of this judgment, there are also
fundamental epistemic issues that dilute the evidential value of the FCPA
Findings, which the plaintiffs’ entire case hinges on, in the present
proceedings. Therefore, in my view, there is simply insufficient evidence,
much less strong and cogent evidence of fraud on the part of the defendants.

The Arbitration Declarations

130 Apart from the 18 August 2012 statement, Mr Weidner also made four
declarations expressly for the Arbitration (“Weidner’s Arbitration
Declarations”). These declarations were filed between April 2014 and October
2015. Notably, in one of these declarations filed on 14 June 2015 and in the
course of the oral testimony given in the Arbitration itself, Mr Weidner
refers to two strategies for managing Solaire as mentioned earlier: (a)
developing “a sophisticated and unique government-led, top-down junket
approach” and (b) directing “VIP play, by helping to establish a cross-border
trading platform to promote business and gaming visitation between China and
Philippines”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript, 21 May 2019, p 107.

It is evident from the transcript of the Arbitration that the subject of the
defendants’ relationships with various Chinese entities such as the CLO, CITS
and Chu Kong Shipping, which were involved in the three impugned transactions
outlined in the SEC Order (see [78]–[82] above) was raised. The defendants
also highlight that in the Arbitration, Mr Weidner had specifically stated
that he wanted the business in Solaire to be legitimate and he “[did not] want
to just do beards”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript, 22 May 2019, p 86; Transcript, 23 May 2019, p 19.

131 The plaintiffs’ case is that Mr Weidner’s evidence belies the truth
disclosed in the FCPA Findings, that the defendants had been sending money to
consultants and “beards”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript, 21 May 2019, p 110-114.

Mr Weidner himself conceded in the Arbitration that the aforementioned
strategies were never put in writing or told to the plaintiffs. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript, 21 May 2019, p 111; First affidavit of Daniel Weiner, p 894.

Indeed, it also appears that nothing concerning a “government-led, top-down
approach” was mentioned in the defendants’ Statement of Claim or memoires
submitted in the Arbitration. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript, 21 May 2019, pages 90-92; Transcript, 23 May 2019, p 115.

Therefore, the plaintiffs submit that the defendants were putting forward the
“justification that they had performed their obligations under the MSA,
without revealing that actually they were corrupt because they were bribing
the CLO through the consultant”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, 21 May 2019, p 113.

132 I am not persuaded that Mr Weidner’s evidence before the Tribunal, whether
given in his Arbitration Declarations or in the course of the hearings, was
dishonest or deceptive. Let me elaborate.

133 The assumption that resides in the plaintiffs’ reasoning is that whatever
was disclosed in the FCPA Findings must have been practised in the context of
the MSA as well. For reasons that will be detailed in a subsequent part of
this judgment about the evidential value (or lack thereof) of the “new
evidence” disclosed in the FCPA Findings, it is clear to me that such an
assumption is unfounded (see [187]–[201] below). It suffices for now to state
that the FCPA Findings are plainly and exclusively concerned with activities
undertaken by an entity different from Solaire – that is, LVS. They are also
concerned with a different time frame. In fact, I find that the FCPA Findings
do not disclose fraud (ie, no bribery or corruption) in the defendants’
management of LVS, much less Solaire under the MSA (see [201]). In the absence
of strong and cogent evidence of fraud, the evidential leap that the
plaintiffs invite this court to make and conclude is untenable.

Alleged concealment by Paul Hastings

134 The plaintiffs also argue that Paul Hastings had failed to disclose to the
plaintiffs or the Tribunal the involvement of Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu in the
LVS investigations. This alleged concealment of information by Paul Hastings
is two-pronged: (a) how it dishonestly allowed the defendants to make certain
false representations in the course of the parties’ relationship; and (b) how
it dishonestly concealed various documents, the result of which essentially
prevented the plaintiffs from presenting their case in the Arbitration. Thus,
the plaintiffs argue that Paul Hastings’ conduct constitutes deceit and
misrepresentation “in violation of professional ethic rules and undermined the
integrity of the adversarial process”.

Permitting the plaintiffs’ misrepresentations

135 I deal first with the allegations that Paul Hastings permitted the
defendants to make certain incorrect representations. The plaintiffs refer to
two particular episodes:

(a) Paul Hastings permitted the defendants to falsely represent and warrant
various terms in the MSA including representing that there were no
investigations that could affect the defendants’ ability to perform their
obligations even though when the MSA was being negotiated, investigations by
US government authorities into LVS were already ongoing;

(b) Paul Hastings “fully vetted” the first statement made by Mr Weidner on 15
August 2012 (see [119] above), which is wholly inconsistent with the FCPA
Findings, and this constitutes white-washing.

136 I find that there is no dishonest concealment of information by Paul
Hastings in relation to the 15 August 2012 statement that amounts to
procedural fraud. The several assertions by the plaintiffs that the solicitors
of Paul Hastings were in breach of their ethical duty fall short of fraud.

137 In relation to the allegation that Paul Hastings permitted the defendants
to misrepresent themselves in the MSA, weight was primarily placed on cl
10.2(G) of the MSA which states that:

10.2 GGAM

GGAM represents and warrants as of the Effective Date that:

…

(G) there is no litigation or proceedings pending or threatened against GGAM
that could adversely affect the validity of this Agreement or the performance
of GGAM of its obligations under this Agreement

138 The argument here essentially is that the DOJ Agreement and SEC Order show
that there were investigations into LVS, which contradicts the defendants’
representation that there were no legal proceedings threatened. I do not
accept that there was any breach of cl 10.2(G) of the MSA. The plain and
unequivocal language of cl 10.2(G) of the MSA shows that the only entity whose
conduct is of concern is GGAM. No mention is made of the conduct of LVS.
Further, the LVS investigations (and the FCPA Findings) have nothing to do
with the MSA, which is concerned with the management of Solaire. Therefore, it
is patently unclear what litigation or proceedings were pending or threatened
against the defendants (as legal entities) at the time it executed the MSA in
September 2011. In any case, I accept that the lawyers from the Paul Hastings
team that handled Mr Weidner’s representation in connection with the LVS
Investigation (“PH Weidner Team”) had received specific assurances from the US
government authorities conducting the LVS investigation that Mr Weidner was
not a target of the investigation, prior to the vetting of the abovementioned
statement. Thus, it cannot be said that there is any fraudulent
misrepresentation on the part of Paul Hastings (simply on account of the
apparent inconsistencies between the first statement dated 15 August 2012 and
the FCPA Findings).

139 Essentially, the defendants’ submission is that prior to vetting the 15
August 2012 statement, Paul Hastings had received reliable information from
the authorities and concluded thereon that Mr Weidner was not a subject of
that investigation and was being treated solely as a cooperating witness. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Third affidavit of Charles Patrizia, para 5.

The evidence in this regard was furnished via affidavit by Mr Patrizia, an
attorney from the team at Paul Hastings that represented the defendants (and
Mr Weidner) at the Arbitration (“PH Arbitration Team”). In his third
affidavit, Mr Patrizia states that:

…I wish to clarify that (A) the United States government authorities have
confirmed that they did in fact provide specific assurances that Mr. Weidner
was not a “target” of the LVS investigations, and (B) the United States
government authorities did not directly state that Mr. Weidner was not a
“subject” of the LVS investigations. Instead, this was a conclusion drawn by
the Paul Hastings Weidner Team on the basis of all the information available
to the Paul Hastings Weidner Team, including their communications with those
involved in the investigations, including the United States government
authorities.

The conclusions of the Paul Hastings Weidner Team included their understanding
of the requests to interview Mr. Weidner and other available information. That
conclusion is ultimately confirmed by the fact that once Mr. Weidner was
interviewed by the United States government authorities, he was not requested
to provide further testimony, and was never charged, either civilly or
criminally, with wrongdoing by the United States authorities.

[emphasis added]

The parties do not contest that a “target” refers to “a person as to whom the
prosecutor has substantial evidence linking the person to a commission of a
crime” while a “subject” is a person whose “conduct is within the scope of the
investigation”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Second affidavit of Charles Patrizia, para 23.

140 I pause to make two observations with regard to the evidence of alleged
fraud by Paul Hastings. First, according to the defendants, the assurance
received by Paul Hastings was premised on a conversation that Mr Patrizia
(from the PH Arbitration Team) had with Mr Sullivan (from the PH Weidner Team)
in 2014 in preparation for the Arbitration. It is regrettable that Mr Sullivan
did not file an affidavit to attest to the assurance received from the US
government authorities and the conclusion that was reached. Specifically, I
find that the reasons furnished in Mr Patrizia’s affidavit for the conclusion
that Mr Weidner was not a “subject” of the LVS investigations to be rather
oblique. Second, I also note that Mr Patrizia’s evidence shifted in the course
of the present application. His initial position in his first and second
affidavits was that the US government had provided assurances that Mr Weidner
was neither a target nor a subject. However, he clarified in his third
affidavit that the assurance pertained only to Mr Weidner not being a target.

141 Nevertheless, the issues above do not rise to the level of strong and
cogent evidence of fraud, or even evidence of fraud for that matter. The
burden of proof remains with the plaintiffs to demonstrate procedural fraud by
Paul Hastings. I should add that the plaintiffs’ own evidence also left much
to be desired. For example, the following evidence of the plaintiffs’ expert,
Mr Thomas Mason, is telling of the paucity of its allegation against Paul
Hastings: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

First affidavit of Thomas Mason,p 52, para 85.

Paul Hastings had the requisite knowledge of falsity under these rules. By
August 2012, Mr. Sullivan of Paul Hastings had been retained by Mr. Weidner,
and his function was to represent Mr. Weidner with respect to the on-going
investigations…While the exact date of Mr. Sullivan’s retention is not
provided by Mr. Patrizia, it is a fair inference that Mr. Sullivan would have
been retained prior to August 2012, given that the investigation commenced no
later than March 2011. That Mr. Sullivan would be unaware of the falsity of
Mr. Weidner’s statements is not credible: A lawyer’s duty of competence under
ABA Model Rule 1.1 requires “thoroughness” and “preparation.”… [emphasis
added]

No countervailing evidence has been furnished by the plaintiffs suggesting
that Mr Sullivan and his team had not received the above reassurances or that
there has otherwise been some form of dishonesty by the counsel at Paul
Hastings. Also, as alluded earlier, the breach of any ethical duty, which is
not the enquiry before me, is distinct from fraud – while the same set of
facts that give rise to a finding of fraud (the central issue here) would more
likely than not also support a finding of breach of ethical duty, the same
cannot be said in the reversed situation.

142 On the balance, I find that the conclusion that Mr Weidner was not a
“subject” but rather a cooperating witness is neither unreasonable nor
dishonest. In this regard, I am reminded that in assessing if there was
dishonest concealment, the material question is whether at the time around 15
August 2012 when the first statement was released after having been reviewed
by Paul Hastings, it can be said that Paul Hastings had dishonestly concealed
information relating to Mr Weidner’s involvement in the LVS investigations or
assisted the defendants in doing so. In the light of the evidence before me,
the answer must be in the negative.

Documents

143 I turn next to the allegation of concealment of documents by Paul
Hastings. The plaintiffs argue that the FCPA Findings reveal that the
defendants have committed fraud through the concealment of documents in the
Arbitration by Paul Hastings. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, para 63; p 1452; DWS dated 29 January 2019,
para 220.

As noted earlier, the plaintiffs rely on the same set of facts to challenge
the award on the ground of breach of natural justice, which I will consider at
the end of this judgment separately. The plaintiffs refer to three categories
of documents which they purport were withheld from them and/or the Tribunal:
(a) a subset of documents of Mr Chiu; (b) documents of a non-party, Weidner
Resorts; and (c) a subset of documents of GGAM’s joint venture partner, Cantor
Fitzgerald and its Chairman and CEO, Mr Howard Lutnick (“Mr Lutnick”). It
submits that Paul Hastings had “deliberately limited the search for documents
in a way that subverted the Tribunal’s orders, standard arbitration practice,
and the parties’ agreement to arbitrate”. This non-disclosure of documents
constitutes “deceit and misrepresentation” by Paul Hastings. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

First affidavit of Thomas Mason, p 59, para 98.

144 The plaintiffs’ accusations are without basis. There is no concealment of
information by either Paul Hastings or GGAM aimed at deceiving the plaintiffs
or the Tribunal, applying the principles set out in BVU v BVX, Swiss Singapore
and Dongwoo as distilled earlier (see [106]). There are also no material
deficiencies in the GGAM and/or Paul Hastings’ document production in the
Arbitration. It is patently unclear how, if at all, the FCPA Findings provide
any foundation for the plaintiffs to impugn Paul Hastings’ exercise of its
discovery obligations in the Arbitration. Any connection is tenuous at best.
Having regard to the circumstances, the plaintiffs’ arguments are complaints
that either should have been raised or were indeed raised before the Tribunal,
which are now being camouflaged as grounds of procedural fraud.

145 First, in relation to Mr Chiu’s documents, the plaintiffs’ allegation is
that while e-mails that were authored by or sent to Mr Chiu were produced in
discovery, the defendants had not searched or produced documents and e-mails
from Mr Chiu’s personal files. Instead, the defendants produced documents only
from the files of GGAM’s other executives. The defendants do not deny that
they have not searched Mr Chiu’s personal files or produced them in discovery.
They argue that it was Paul Hastings’ understanding that Mr Chiu performed his
work in relation to Solaire exclusively at the behest and direction of GGAM’s
principals. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

First affidavit of Charles Patrizia, para 32.

Accordingly, in respect of Mr Chiu, Paul Hastings collected the e-mails of
persons at GGAM which sent to, received from or copied Mr Chiu. Paul Hastings
believed it was unnecessary to collect documents from Mr Chiu’s personal
e-mail account as these would most likely be duplicative. The defendants also
highlight the prohibitive cost of searching, collecting and translating Mr
Chiu’s communications, which would have been in Chinese and could not be
effectively searched for using the English search term review database
employed in the Arbitration.

146 I do not see how there was any unlawful concealment by Paul Hastings in
this regard. As noted in Arbitration in Singapore: A Practical Guide
(Sundaresh Menon CJ et al) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2018), at para 11.031,
the disclosure obligations in arbitration are not as wide as those in common
law style litigation proceedings, where parties are under a continuing
obligation to disclose all documents that are relevant and material to the
case, including documents which have the potential to adversely affect the
party’s own case or support the other party’s case. This comports with the
International Bar Association rules on the Taking of Evidence in International
Arbitration (“the IBA Rules”), which applied to the present Arbitration.
Article 3.1 of the IBA Rules states that “each Party shall submit to the
Arbitral Tribunal and to the other Parties all Documents available to it on
which it relies”. This distinction between disclosure obligations in
litigation and arbitration has also been recognised in BVU v BVX at [61].

147 In BVU v BVX, the plaintiff and defendant were in a supplier and purchaser
relationship as part of a food supply project. The plaintiff-supplier
commenced arbitration against the defendant-purchaser for breach of the
agreement. The majority of the tribunal held in favour of the defendant. After
the award was rendered, an employee of the defendant agreed to provide
evidence on the facts and circumstances surrounding the formation of the
agreement in question, which would go towards showing that the defendant had
“deliberately put forward a false case in the [a]rbitration by concealing the
true facts and withholding and suppressing crucial evidence” including the
testimony of the said employee and key documents corroborating his testimony
(at [33]).

148 The plaintiff applied to set aside the award on the grounds of fraud and
public policy and also issued a subpoena to the said employee to attend court
to produce the key documents. The central issue identified by Ang Cheng Hock
JC (as he then was) was whether the defendant’s deliberate decision not to
call certain witnesses to give evidence and disclose certain internal
documents, which it did not consider relevant to its case in the arbitration
(but would have supported the plaintiff’s case), render the award liable to be
set aside.

149 The court held inter alia that there was no deliberate concealment aimed
at deceiving the tribunal and also there was no requisite causative link
between the alleged concealment and the decision. Notably, in holding that
there was no deception by the defendant, Ang JC highlighted the following.
First, there was no obligation on the defendant to call the employee as a
witness or to adduce the key documents, as is consistent with the IBA Rules
that governed the arbitration (at [61]). Second, the tribunal had thoroughly
considered the question as to whether the employee should be called as a
witness to the arbitration (at [62]). Third, the plaintiff could have
requested for the documents that were the subject of the subpoena during the
arbitration if it truly believed that those documents were crucial, but
instead, its requests for production had been considerably narrower in scope
(at [73]).

150 It is plain to me that Paul Hastings’ conduct vis-à-vis Mr Chiu’s
documents is not fraudulent. This was not a case where the defendants had
failed to disclose the documents of Mr Chiu altogether. The plaintiffs’
unhappiness is with the scope of the defendants’ disclosure. Amongst the
hundreds of e-mails involving Mr Chiu that have already been disclosed by the
defendants to the plaintiffs, they include e-mails between Mr Chiu and Mr Chen
Xiang, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PWS dated 17 September 2018, para 111.

a high level official with the CLO, which was one of the entities referenced
in the FCPA Findings (see [76]). In my view, the plaintiffs had ample
opportunity to submit on the discovery of the documents but did not do so. The
plaintiffs’ assertion that they could only have taken issue with Mr Chiu’s
documents now in the light of the FCPA Findings lacks merit since the metadata
showing that Mr Chiu was not the custodian of those documents was already
available to the plaintiffs during the Arbitration. Furthermore, counsel for
the plaintiffs in the Arbitration had first raised this issue with Mr Chiu’s
documents in a series of e-mail correspondence beginning on 14 June 2017 to
Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP, the defendants’ arbitral counsel that had taken
over from the PH Arbitration team shortly after the liability phase. The
e-mails state, inter alia, that the plaintiffs’ arbitration counsel were “in
the process of working with the documents Claimants produced” and “noticed
there do not appear to be any emails from Eric Chiu to anyone other than the
GGAM principals”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

First affidavit of Charles Patrizia, p 1019–1020.

Any connection between the FCPA Findings and Paul Hastings’ collection of Mr
Chiu’s documents is tangential.

151 In relation to the alleged non-disclosure of the Weidner Resorts
documents, the plaintiffs had sought the documents in the Arbitration to
“understand GGAM’s principal’s pursuit of investment and gaming opportunities,
other than the Solaire Project”. The defendants objected to this on the
principal basis that Weidner Resorts was not a party to the proceedings.
Consequently, the Tribunal rejected the plaintiffs’ request. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

First affidavit of Charles Patrizia, p 1010.

The plaintiffs take issue with this because it was later revealed in the
course of the liability hearings that Mr Weidner operates as Weidner Resorts
in China and that Mr Chiu was on the latter’s payroll. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

First affidavit of Charles Patrizia, p 1017; PWS dated 17 September 2018, para
112.

To the plaintiffs’ mind, this buttresses their allegation that Weidner Resorts
was complicit in Mr Weidner’s illegal strategies employed in China.

152 It is clear that the Tribunal has properly considered the plaintiffs’
request 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

First affidavit of Daniel Weiner, p 6721.

for the Weidner Resorts documents and dismissed it on the ground that Weidner
Resorts is a third party. The Tribunal is clearly entitled to do so under Art
9.2 of the IBA Rules, which states that a tribunal shall exclude from evidence
or production any document for any of the following reasons including the lack
of sufficient relevance to the case or materiality to its outcome. As noted in
the Annex to the Partial Award where the Tribunal comprehensively dealt with
the plaintiffs’ procedural objections, the plaintiffs “were afforded the
opportunity to present their various requests for documents as well as any
further or consequential matters flowing from such requests”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 812.

153 Finally, in relation to the suppression of documents of Cantor Fitzgerald,
the Tribunal had ordered production of documents from Cantor Fitzgerald and Mr
Lutnick, its Chairman and CEO and also the Co-Chairman of GGAM. According to
the plaintiffs, the Cantor Fitzgerald documents were “highly relevant given
Cantor Fitzgerald’s financial, tax and legal functions in relation to the
defendants”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PWS dated 17 September 2018, para 114.

As to Mr Lutnick’s documents, the argument was that he provided internal
guidance for the defendants’ management and works closely with Mr Weidner to
make “material decisions affecting the company”.

154 It is not in dispute that the defendants did produce documents relating to
Cantor Fitzgerald. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

First affidavit of Charles Patrizia, paras 68–70.

However, the plaintiffs essentially argue that the disclosure was inadequate
and that given the FCPA Findings, the role of Cantor Fitzgerald and Mr Lutnick
must be seriously questioned.

155 The FCPA Findings say nothing about Cantor Fitzgerald or Mr Lutnick and
have no connection with them either. The Tribunal has considered the
plaintiffs’ complaint in the Annex to the Partial Award and noted: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 812; DWS dated 29 January 2019, para 218.

…the [plaintiffs] were afforded the opportunity to present their various
requests for documents as well as any further or consequential matters flowing
from such requests. The Tribunal heard and considered both Parties in respect
of each request/application and reached its determination in accordance with
the applicable rules. The two examples cited by the [plaintiffs] in support of
their allegation of a “suppression of critical evidence” both relate to
“documents relating to Cantor Fitzgerald”. The Tribunal has determined that
this issue is effectively a red herring and does not have either a factual or
legal bearing on any of the pleaded grounds advanced by either party.
[emphasis added in bold]

156 Therefore, I find that there is no fraud in relation to Paul Hastings’
document collection or production for the Arbitration. The plaintiffs’
allegations that Paul Hastings “deliberately limited the search for documents
in a way that subverted the Tribunal’s orders” are misguided and have been
refuted by the Tribunal. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DWS dated 29 January 2019, para 214.

Materiality requirement

157 In the light of my conclusion above that the plaintiffs have not made out
their case on procedural fraud in the first place, it is strictly speaking,
unnecessary for me to consider the remaining requirements of materiality and
non-availability of evidence during the Arbitration. Nonetheless, given the
breadth of the plaintiffs’ arguments and submissions, I will comment on the
materiality requirement first.

158 For the sake of argument, assuming procedural fraud was made out on the
evidence, the FCPA Findings do not satisfy the materiality requirement: they
do not constitute material information that would substantially impact the
making of the Partial Award or information so material that earlier discovery
of it would have prompted the Tribunal to rule in favour of the plaintiffs
([105]–[106] above). Thus, it cannot be said that the Tribunal’s decision
would have been different or that the Arbitration would have proceeded on an
entirely different basis as the plaintiffs so argue.

159 Not any or every case of fraud would impugn a judgment or award. As
alluded earlier, even where fraud is proven, there must be sufficient degree
of connection between the fraud and the award that is being enforced for the
ground of public policy under Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law to be engaged:
The English decision in Sinocore International Co Ltd v RBRG Trading (UK) Ltd
[2019] 1 All ER (Comm) 810 (“Sinocore”) is illustrative. This degree of
connection test demonstrates that fraud does not unravel all and is in
substance no different from the concepts of materiality and “causative link”
adverted to above (see [106]).

160 By way of illustration, in Sinocore, the plaintiff, Sinocore, had agreed
to sell goods to the defendant, RBRG to be shipped from China to Mexico. On
instruction from RBRG, the bank purported to issue an amendment to the letter
of credit so that the shipment period was changed. Subsequently, Sinocore’s
collecting bank requested payment under the letter of credit and presented
forged bills of lading. RBRG commenced arbitration proceedings for Sinocore’s
breach of contract. The arbitral tribunal held that the fundamental cause of
the termination of the contract and Sinocore’s failure to obtain payment was
RBRG’s unilateral amendment of the letter of credit.

161 RBRG sought to resist the recognition and enforcement of the award on the
ground that it would be contrary to public policy under s 103(3) of the
English Arbitration Act 1996 because of the forged bills of lading. Both the
English High Court and the English Court of Appeal upheld the arbitral award.
The Court of Appeal found that the degree of connection between Sinocore’s
fraud in presenting forged bills of lading and its claim for enforcement of
the award was not sufficient to engage public policy or, if it was engaged,
was also insufficient to justify the refusal of enforcement on public policy
grounds (at [30]). The decision Sinocore thus demonstrates this high watermark
for proving fraud and the necessary nexus between the alleged fraud and the
tribunal’s decision.

162 A considerable body of submissions was marshalled by the plaintiffs in
support of how the FCPA Findings would have a material effect on the
Tribunal’s decision. I will deal with each of them in turn.

Whether the FCPA Findings constitute evidence of actual fraud

163 The foundation of the plaintiffs’ arguments on the relevance and
materiality of the FCPA Findings is that they show that Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu
deployed the same strategies in Solaire for driving foreign VIPs and junkets
which they had used while they were at LVS. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Second affidavit of Michael Nolan, paras 18–24.

This allegation warrants closer examination of the FCPA Findings. In this
regard, I start by considering the expert evidence on the evidential
significance and value of the FCPA Findings.

In relation to LVS

164 In summary, the plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Peter Clark (“Mr Clark”), the
former special counsel in the SEC’s Division of Enforcement and the former
Deputy Chief of the DOJ’s Criminal Division, Fraud Section, attempted to make
much of the FCPA Findings. Mr Clark opines that the FCPA Findings indicate “a
high probability that Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu were directly implicated in the
conduct which formed the basis of the [FCPA Findings]” and that they “indicate
a high probability that the actions of Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu were in possible
violation of the Anti-Bribery Provisions of the FCPA.” 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

First affidavit of Peter Clark, p 14, para 5.

165 On the other hand, the defendants’ expert, Mr Philip Urofsky (“Mr
Urofsky”), the former Assistant Chief of the DOJ’s Criminal Division Fraud
Section, is of the opposite view. Mr Urofsky’s report states that the FCPA
Findings do not contain any findings by the DOJ or the SEC that either Mr
Weidner or Mr Chiu violated the FCPA, and the FCPA Findings do not contain any
findings of bribery by LVS, Mr Weidner or Mr Chiu for the following related
reasons: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, p 12–13, paras 3–5; Transcript, 22 May
2019, p 73.

(a) First, the FCPA Findings are derived from negotiated agreements containing
allegations based on the DOJ and SEC’s inferences and extrapolations from the
evidence.

(b) Second, there are no findings by a court or independent tribunal on the
appropriateness or sufficiency of evidence of the allegations in the FCPA
Findings.

(c) Third, Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu had no opportunity to contest the
allegations in the FCPA Findings as they were not parties to the negotiated
agreements.

(d) Fourth, there was no conclusion made from the FCPA Findings that bribes
had been paid by LVS.

(e) Fifth, no public accusations were made or charges were filed by the US
government authorities against Mr Weidner or Mr Chiu.

166 I am of the view that, on a balance of probabilities, the FCPA Findings do
not prove that Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu bribed Chinese government officials and
state-owned entities while they were with LVS (much less in Solaire). At its
highest, the FCPA Findings implicate Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu in the conduct of
three transactions, pertaining to LVS’ violations of the FCPA Accounting
Provisions but not the Anti-Bribery provisions. Consequently, I find that
there is no sufficient degree of connection between the alleged fraud by the
defendants and the Partial Award. I say this for a number of reasons.

167 As a preliminary point, it is apposite to recall that in the SEC Order,
LVS settled the matter “without admitting or denying the findings herein” (see
[74] above). Thus, the significance of the SEC Order is that LVS cannot
challenge the alleged facts in any proceedings brought by SEC but it can do so
in a proceeding brought by a party other than the SEC. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, p 18, para 18.

This is contrasted with the DOJ Agreement where LVS admitted that the alleged
facts in the Statement of Facts “are true and accurate”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1358.

The DOJ Agreement is a non-prosecution agreement between the US government and
the LVS, whereby LVS agrees to pay a financial penalty, undertake remedial
measures and admits to stipulated facts. In return, the US government does not
file any formal charging instrument in court.

168 Turning to the reasons proper, the first reason has to do with the
inherent evidential issues with the FCPA Findings. Both sides argued on the
weight of the FCPA Findings. I accept Mr Urofsky’s point that the statements
in the FCPA Findings are of “much lower degree of reliability than those that
would be established through traditional adversarial proceedings in open
court”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, p 21, para 24

The SEC Order and the DOJ Agreement are both negotiated documents between the
US government and LVS that contain allegations based on the US government’s
view of the evidence, including its inferences and extrapolations from the
evidence. The findings itself were not placed before a court, an independent
tribunal or fact-finder to evaluate the sufficiency of underlying evidence or
its appropriateness. I also note that Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu were not parties
to the FCPA Findings and to that extent, had no participation in the
negotiations between LVS and the authorities that resulted in the documents.

169 Secondly, no charges were brought by the DOJ or administrative actions
brought by the SEC against Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu, in particular under the
Anti-Bribery Provisions of the FCPA. As noted by Mr Urofsky, the statutory
limitation period for filing charges against both Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu
lapsed at the end of 2017 for the alleged conduct that occurred between 2006
and 2009. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, p 31–32, paras 42–43.

170 The decision in Rakna Arakshaka Lanka Ltd v Avant Garde Maritime Services
(Pte) Ltd [2019] 4 SLR 995 (“Rakna (HC)”) is a helpful illustration. The High
Court there found that charges of bribery and corruption in pending criminal
proceedings were not considered findings of fact of corruption or bribery, and
were only found to be mere allegations (at [89]). This finding was undisturbed
on appeal. A fortiori, in the present case, Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu were
neither charged by the DOJ nor were administrative actions brought against
them by the SEC. The FCPA Findings are only negotiated agreements that cannot,
by themselves, be elevated to factual findings of bribery by Mr Weidner and Mr
Chiu in LVS.

171 The absence of any charge is notable given the DOJ’s emphasis on the
prosecution of culpable individuals. The following excerpt from the Principles
of Federal Prosecution of Business Organisations issued by the DOJ was
highlighted to me in this regard: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, p 133.

9-28.210 – Focus on Individual Wrongdoers

A. General Principle: Prosecution of a corporation is not a substitute for the
prosecution of criminally culpable individuals within or without the
corporation. Because a corporation can act only through individuals,
imposition of individual criminal liability may provide the strongest
deterrent against future corporate wrongdoing. Proving individual culpability
should be pursued, particularly if it relates to high-level corporate
officers, even in the face of an offer of a corporate guilty plea or some
other disposition of the charges against the corporation, including a deferred
prosecution or non-prosecution agreement, or a civil resolution. …

[emphasis added]

172 This coheres with the guidance on individual accountability for corporate
wrongdoing published by the DOJ, which is referred to as the “Yates Memo”. It
suffices to note that the six key steps highlighted in the memo are that: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, p 168.

(1) [i]n order to qualify for any cooperation credit, corporations must
provide to the Department all relevant findings relating to the individuals
responsible for the misconduct;

(2) criminal and civil corporate investigations should focus on individuals
from the inception of the investigation;

(3) criminal and civil attorneys handling corporate investigations should be
in routine communication with one another;

(4) absent extraordinary circumstances or approved departmental policy, the
Department will not release culpable individuals from civil or criminal
liability when resolving a matter with a corporation;

(5) Department attorneys should not resolve matters with a corporation without
a clear plan to resolve related individual cases, and should memorialize any
declinations as to individuals in such cases; and

(6) civil attorneys should consistently focus on individuals as well as the
company and evaluate whether to bring suit against an individual based on
considerations beyond that individual’s ability to pay.

[emphasis added]

173 Assuming arguendo that Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu are guilty of bribery, it
should follow in the light of the DOJ’s policy that prosecution would
generally be pursued notwithstanding that a non-prosecution agreement is
reached between LVS and DOJ. The absence of charges or administrative actions
brought (by either the DOJ or SEC) militates against any finding of bribery or
corruption on the part of the defendants’ directors.

174 Thirdly, it is uncontroverted that in their investigation of LVS, the SEC
and DOJ only alleged violations of the Accounting Provisions, not the Anti-
Bribery Provisions. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, p 15, para 8.

175 The FCPA was enacted in 1977 and contains two distinct sections. Simply
put, the first section of the FCPA amended the Securities Exchange Act to: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, pp 14–15, para 6.

(a) require companies such as LVS to maintain accurate books and records and
to implement internal financial controls under Securities Exchange Act (the
“Accounting Provisions”) and (b) prohibit companies such as LVS from taking
acts in furtherance of offers, promises or payments, or authorisation thereof,
of bribes to foreign public officials under the Securities Exchange Act (the
“Anti-Bribery Provisions”). In addition, the legislation amended the
Securities Exchange Act’s penalty provisions to include penalties for
violations of the Anti-Bribery Provisions: Securities Exchange Act § 32(c).
The second section of the FCPA applies the same prohibitions to US business
entities and individuals who are not covered by the Securities Exchange Act
provisions, which is immaterial for the present case.

176 In the SEC Order, LVS violated Securities Exchange Act § 13(b)(2)(A) for
its failure to “in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
purpose of the payments” in its books and records, and Securities Exchange Act
§ 13(b)(2)(B) for failing to “devise and maintain a reasonable system of
internal accounting controls over operations in Macau and China to ensure that
access to assets was permitted and that transactions were executed in
accordance with management’s authorization” (see [83] above). As a result,
funds were transferred to the Consultant in China in a series of transactions
lacking supporting documentation or appropriate authorisation and these
transfers occurred despite the knowledge by senior LVS management that could
not account for significant funds previously transferred to the consultant in
an environment where significant bribery risks were present. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, pp 1343–1344, para 7.

177 Similarly, in the DOJ Agreement, the offence was characterised as “a
wilful failure by then-executives of [LVS] to implement adequate internal
accounting controls in connection with significant payments to companies
associated with a consultant in a region known to be high risk for corruption,
without appropriate due diligence of certain entities, consistent monitoring
of or justifications for payments, and proper approvals and documentation,
even after certain then-senior executives of the Company had been notified
about the consultant's business practices and failure to account for over
US$700,000” [emphasis added] (see [88] above).

178 Plainly, the offences are characterised as an internal accounting failure.
While there are some references to bribery (“a region known to be high risk
for corruption” and “environment where significant bribery risks were
present”), nowhere in the FCPA Findings is it stated that LVS or its directors
themselves were directly involved in bribery. That LVS operated in those
settings is simply too flimsy a basis for a finding of fraud which is a
serious allegation.

179 Fourth, the circumstances surrounding the production of the FCPA Findings
also diminishes its evidential value for the purposes of the present
proceedings. I say this for two inter-related reasons.

180 It cannot be denied that on a systemic and practical level, there are
various incentives available to LVS for entering into such agreements with the
DOJ and SEC. In this regard, Mr Urofsky’s evidence is that a corporation that
is intent on settlement (as opposed to litigation) would generally have very
little or no incentive to contest the factual assertions contained in the FCPA
Findings. It would likewise have little incentive to seek and include contrary
or exculpatory evidence concerning the conduct under investigation.

181 I am inclined to accept Mr Urofsky’s evidence. A party may seek to settle
a dispute for any number of reasons which do not relate to his legal
liabilities or his views of them: Lim Tjoen Kong v A-B Chew Investments Pte
Ltd [1991] 2 SLR(R) 168 at [32]; Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and Another
[2010] SGHC 35 (“Ng Chee Weng”) at [15]. In Ng Chee Weng, it was found that
offers to settle did not amount to an admission of liability, in the context
of protecting the “without prejudice” rule and allowing parties to speak
freely in settlement negotiations.

182 The DOJ for one offers considerable incentives to companies to cooperate
and settle a variety of regulatory infringements instead of litigating issues
of fact and liability. In the present case, LVS received a 25% discount off
the bottom of the US Sentencing Guidelines range for the monetary penalty
imposed on it, as stated explicitly in the DOJ Agreement. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1358.

As noted from the Yates Memo earlier, in order for a company to qualify for
any cooperation credit, corporations must provide facts relating to the
employees and executives responsible for the misconduct. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, p 23, para 28; p 168.

Had LVS not cooperated, it would likely face harsher penalties and often a
more severe form of resolution, including the filing of formal charges, which
for companies in regulated industries such as gaming, could result in adverse
collateral consequences from regulators separate from the enforcement
proceedings. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

First affidavit of Philip Urofsky, p 22, para 27.

183 I should caveat that this is not to say that the integrity of the
assertions set out in the FCPA Findings involving LVS are necessarily in doubt
since there is admittedly no direct evidence of the effect of the practical
incentives on LVS. Such evidence is in any case, I am inclined to think,
generally difficult to procure. Rather, I consider that the existence of such
incentives is one relevant consideration that diminishes the overall weight to
be ascribed to the FCPA Findings in general, especially when they are being
relied upon as evidence of fraud.

184 The factual circumstances vis-à-vis Mr Weidner and LVS in particular
should also be taken into account. It is not disputed that Mr Weidner resigned
from LVS in March 2009 after an acrimonious dispute with LVS’ Chairman and
CEO, Mr Sheldon Adelson, and certain directors over the financing, management
and direction of the company. Mr Weidner’s departure was a “highly publicized
split” which was reported in the news. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DWS dated 17 September 2018, para 17.

This is corroborated by his letter of resignation from LVS dated 8 March 2009,
where his reasons for resignation referred to “outstanding differences with
the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer about the management of the
Company” 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

First affidavit of William Weidner, paras 14–16; p 18.

as well as his first statement given on 15 August 2012 to the plaintiffs,
where he stated that “I had serious disagreements and concerns with company
leadership, which I voiced to the board and ultimately led to my decision to
resign” (see [120]). When considered with the earlier point about the
availability of incentives to LVS in the context of investigations by the SEC
and DOJ, some caution must be taken in according undue weight to the FCPA
Findings.

185 I hasten to add that none of the above should be construed as deprecating
the quality of the SEC Order or DOJ Agreement in and of themselves. The
present enquiry is a specific one that is concerned with assessing their
particular relevance for the purposes of imputing actual fraud on the
defendants, which the plaintiffs seek to do herein. Cogent and compelling
evidence is needed to make good an allegation of fraud or dishonesty. On a
holistic assessment of the nature and evidential value of the FCPA Findings,
noting in particular that the FCPA Anti-Bribery Provisions were not breached
and the fact that neither prosecution nor administrative action were initiated
against Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu, I find that the plaintiffs have not discharged
their burden of proof that LVS or its directors (Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu) had
bribed Chinese government officials and state-owned entities.

In Solaire

186 As noted earlier, the plaintiffs aver that the FCPA Findings supposedly
reveal that Mr Weidner’s strategies in Solaire were “strikingly similar” to
those developed at LVS which involved the same Chinese governmental officials
(through CLO) and Mr Weidner’s right-hand man, Mr Chiu. As such,
notwithstanding the foregoing problems vis-à-vis the FCPA Findings in the
context of LVS, the plaintiffs argue that fraud must have been practised by
the defendants in Solaire as well. The plaintiffs submit that the “government-
led, top-down junket approach” strategies which Mr Weidner testified he was
pursuing to drive junkets and VIPs to Solaire, in reality, involved acts of
bribery. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PWS dated 17 September 2018, paras 58–62.

The plaintiffs employed the language associated with Boardman v DPP [1975] AC
421 (“Boardman”) to determine the probative value of similar facts. In that
case, evidence of facts that were so strikingly similar to the facts of the
offence charged as to be of probative value was held to be admissible at the
discretion of the court. I will however refrain from applying the legal
definition in Boardman to the plaintiffs’ argument since no specific reference
was made either to the case itself or the principles applicable to similar
fact evidence.

The ramp-up period

187 Before I consider the plaintiffs’ argument about striking similarity of
facts, there is a threshold problem with the plaintiffs’ submission that the
FCPA Findings constitute evidence of fraud practised in Solaire. This pertains
to the Tribunal’s finding regarding the ramp-up period that was at play in the
performance of the MSA. One of the arguments raised by the plaintiffs in the
context of the Causal Fraud Issue before the Tribunal was that “[n]ot a single
VIP player has been identified as having come to Solaire as a direct result of
Mr. Weidner’s ‘leveraging’” despite the defendants’ assurances of their strong
relationships with the junket operators. It was also argued in the context of
the Termination Issue that the defendants had failed to submit business and
marketing plans that met prudent industry practice.

188 The Tribunal was of the view that the plaintiffs’ arguments above were
unmeritorious because the parties had envisioned an extended runway for
attracting junket operators to Solaire. This is evident from the following
extracts of the Partial Award:

VI. ALLEGED MISREPRESENTATIONS AND/OR CONDUCT OF GGAM AMOUNTING TO CAUSAL
FRAUD

…

(ii) Relationships with Junket Operators and Possession of Guest Data

…

131\. … The Tribunal is persuaded that, given the standing of the GGAM
Principals in the gaming industry, they did have access directly or indirectly
to “high rollers” as they testified. … Ample testimonial and documentary
evidence supports the proposition that both the Claimants and the Respondents
planned not to seek “high rollers” prematurely, that is, until the property
was sufficiently able to provide them with a pleasant experience. This would
not have occurred until some months, or possibly even a year or more, after
opening. The Respondents, however, terminated the Claimants before that point
arrived …

…

IX. ALLEGED FAILURE TO SUBMIT BUSINESS AND MARKETING PLANS THAT MET PRUDENT
INDUSTRY PRACTICE

…

(ii) Business and Marketing Plans

208\. As regards the lack of sufficient detail on the international mass-
market segment and the VIP and junket market, the criticism is disputed by the
Claimants who note that the plan discussed marketing strategies to attract
premium and junket operators … The Claimants have also explained that VIP and
premium mass marketing of a new casino should take into account a ramp up
period i.e. it is only after the essential facilities and services are running
smoothly that VIP and premium mass marketing activities can swing into full
gear. This would explain the modest marketing efforts in the initial, pre-ramp
up period …

[emphasis added in underline]

189 A noteworthy decision that merits examination here is AJU v AJT. The
respondent there had commenced arbitration against the appellant in connection
with a contract between the parties. After the notice of arbitration had been
filed, the appellant lodged a complaint with the Thai prosecution authority
alleging that parties associated with the respondent had induced it to enter
into the underlying contract through fraud. This resulted in criminal
proceedings against the relevant parties on charges of fraud and forgery.
While the criminal proceedings were underway, the appellant and respondent
signed a Concluding Agreement whereby the parties agreed that upon the
withdrawal and/or discontinuation and/or termination of the said proceedings,
the appellant would pay the respondent a sum of US$470,000 whereupon each of
them would take steps to terminate and withdraw inter alia all claims against
each other in the Arbitration. The appellant then withdrew its complaint and
the Thai prosecution authority issued a non-prosecution notice. Nevertheless,
the respondent considered the non-prosecution order to be insufficient to
fulfil the appellant’s obligations under the Concluding Agreement (at [12]).

190 Subsequently, when the appellant sought to terminate the arbitration on
the grounds of the Concluding Agreement, the respondent alleged that the
agreement was null and void on the grounds of duress, undue influence and
illegality. Importantly, the Tribunal then decided by way of an interim award
that the Concluding Agreement was valid and enforceable and was not illegal as
it did not require the stifling of prosecution. Dissatisfied, the respondent
attempted to set aside the interim award, inter alia, on the ground that the
Concluding Agreement was against the public policy of Singapore under Art
34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law.

191 At first instance, the High Court judge set aside the interim award on the
basis that the Concluding Agreement was an agreement to stifle the prosecution
of charges and was hence contrary to the public policy of Singapore. On
appeal, Chan Sek Keong CJ held as follows (at [65]):

… the Judge was not entitled to reject the Tribunal’s findings and substitute
his own findings for them. On the facts of this case, s 19B(1) of the IAA
calls for the court to give deference to the factual findings of the Tribunal.
The policy of the IAA is to treat IAA awards in the same way as it treats
foreign arbitral awards where public policy objections to arbitral awards are
concerned, even though, in the case of IAA awards, the seat of the arbitration
is Singapore and the governing law of the arbitration is Singapore law.
Arbitration under the IAA is international arbitration, and not domestic
arbitration. That is why s 19B(1) provides that an IAA award is final and
binding on the parties, subject only to narrow grounds for curial
intervention. This means that findings of fact made in an IAA award are
binding on the parties and cannot be reopened except where there is fraud,
breach of natural justice or some other recognised vitiating factor. [emphasis
added]

192 This position has since been echoed by the Court of Appeal recently in
Rakna Arakshaka Lanka Ltd v Avant Garde Maritime Services (Pte) Ltd [2019] 2
SLR 131. Briefly put, one of the grounds for setting aside pursued by the
appellant there was that the Master Agreement in question was illegal and
contrary to public policy. The Court of Appeal dismissed the argument as such
(at [99]):

Before we can consider the applicability and scope of Singapore public policy,
however, [the appellant] has first to establish that the Master Agreement and
the other agreements were illegal under their governing law. Such an issue
would be pre-eminently one for the Tribunal to decide based on the facts and
law before it as it was the forum concerned with the validity of the
underlying obligations. [the appellant] did not put this issue before the
Tribunal. Notwithstanding that, the Tribunal did look into the question and
found that the Master Agreement clearly showed “no sign of illegality or even
in the slightest [way], indicate that such Agreement and/or Agreements are
contrary to public policy”. That finding is binding on the parties and [the
appellant] cannot challenge it before this court as the court of the arbitral
seat. It is well established that a finding of fact by an arbitral tribunal
cannot be re-opened by the supervisory court as the Judge observed, relying on
AJU v AJT … In these circumstances, there is no need to consider public policy
at all. [emphasis added]

193 It is clear from the Partial Award that the Tribunal found, or at least,
accepted that no junkets came to Solaire as a result of the defendants’
efforts. This is notwithstanding the fraud or corruption that the plaintiffs
now allege. In the plaintiffs’ own rejoinder filed in the Arbitration, it was
accepted that it was the plaintiffs themselves that had brought VIP players or
junket operators to Solaire, not the defendants. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 618, para 92.

Therefore, while I accept that the Tribunal had declined the plaintiffs’
Request for Reconsideration of the Partial Award in the light of the FCPA
Findings, and to that extent, did not take an explicit position on the fraud
that the plaintiffs now allege against the defendants, the factual findings in
the Partial Award, based on the plaintiffs’ own evidence, cannot be criticised
just because the plaintiffs now mount a different case in OS 1432. In my view,
the submission that the FCPA Findings constitute new evidence of fraud seems
to ring hollow.

Alleged striking similarities

194 I now turn to the plaintiffs’ argument on striking similarities as a basis
for imputing fraud on the defendants in relation to Solaire. The plaintiffs
highlight the factual similarities between the LVS operations and the Solaire
operations to draw an “incontrovertible inference” 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PWS dated 12 March 2019, para 130.

that the government-led, top-down junket approach deployed by the defendants
in the performance of the MSA was similarly corrupt: in order to attract
junket operators, Mr Weidner used the same Chinese government officials and
state-linked individuals and the CLO in executing Mr Weidner’s strategies for
Solaire because they would receive bribes directly or through an intermediary.

195 According to the plaintiffs, the FCPA Findings shed light on Dr Chen Xiang
and CLO’s centrality to Mr Weidner’s “government-led, top-down junket
approach”. By way of background context, Dr Chen Xiang was a high-level
official with the CLO in Macau who had a supposedly close relationship with Mr
Weidner and Mr Chiu. When asked by the Tribunal, Mr Weidner testified in the
liability hearing as to the role of Dr Chen Xiang and the CLO vis-à-vis the
procurement of a major Macanese junket operator named SunCity to Solaire as
such: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

First affidavit of Daniel Weiner, pp 884–885.

Mr Bishop: Does the government have a relationship with SunCity?

Mr Weidner: Yes.

Mr Bishop: What’s the relationship?

Mr Weidner: This directly will tell you, it takes a little while to get there,
how and why we started with China Liaison Office. It takes a little time, but
I think I can give you the framework.

Mr Bishop: I’m just struggling to figure out why the government would tell
SunCity to do this.

…

Mr Weidner: … And three, because China is a directed economy, the economic
office, called the China Liaison Office, they are in charge of, theoretically,
Macau’s economy ...

So if you wanted to find out anything about any junket rep, to see if you knew
Dr Chen, if you knew the CLO, he had a spreadsheet of every junket room, every
junket operator, what his volume was and the key thing about the CLO is the
CLO is the junkets’ get out of jail free card.

[SunCity] has 3,500 agents all over China and what are they doing? They are
granting credit, they are collecting China and in a controlled economy where
it’s illegal to move money or move the RMB out, they were committing illegal
acts every day.

But since gambling is illegal in China but legal in Macau, as a pre-existing
condition, the CLO was the only group of people in China allowed to deal with
gambling issues … So the CLO could call the local authorities and explain,
look this is not correct, it’s illegal. However, this SAR has the right to
have gambling and while it is incorrect in the movement of money, it is
explainable under one China, two systems, that gambling is allowed in this
SAR.

…

[emphasis added]

196 The plaintiffs posit that Dr Chen Xiang and the CLO executed Mr Weidner’s
strategies for Solaire by introducing him to important junkets and other
Chinese VIPs. The plaintiffs insinuate that bribery by Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu
must have taken place in order for Dr Chen Xiang and the CLO to provide such
significant benefits to Solaire. In support of this, the plaintiffs highlight
the similarities between the involvement of the CLO in introducing Mr Weidner
and Mr Chiu to the Consultant in LVS on the one hand (who had allegedly
committed bribery based on the FCPA Findings) and Dr Chen Xiang’s and the
CLO’s role in executing Mr Weidner’s strategies in Solaire on the other hand.
The plaintiffs also draw a parallel between Dr Chen Xiang from the CLO and the
Consultant from the CLO in Macau, who had allegedly acted as the facilitator
for bribing Chinese government officials in the three transactions according
to the FCPA Findings (see [75] above).

197 The plaintiffs also rely on two unexplained payments of US$25,000 in
payments that GGAM made to Sahara ASF Asia, an entity affiliated to Mr Chiu
during the period of time that Dr Chen Xiang was conferring the above
benefits. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1731, para 12.

This was evidenced by an e-mail from Mr Garry Saunders to Mr Weidner dated 7
June 2013, arising out of a discussion as to whether Solaire should hire an
individual who had connections with another Macanese junket operator known as
Neptune: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

First affidavit of Daniel Weiner, 3437.

… Are you proposing this as a GGAM expense? Will be difficult to sell EKR on
the expense, and not pretty for us to eat (the t&e will probably be more than
their salaries, plus general headache of taking on employees). Separately,
looking at the last P&L, I noticed the second month of a $25,000 charge to
Sahara ASF Asia (Andy Fonfa?) for a Macau Office. Is this for Eric? How is
Andy involved? [emphasis added]

Mr Weidner subsequently forwarded this e-mail to Mr Chiu with the message
stating, “We need to talk. Call?”

198 The report, commissioned by Spectrum Gaming Group (“Spectrum Report”) and
adduced by the plaintiffs, notes that it is unclear from the emails what the
purpose of the two undisclosed payments was. The Spectrum Report goes on to
note that the time period in which the two payments of US$25,000 were made
from GGAM to Sahara ASF (“Sahara Payments”) was between April and early June
2013 and corresponded precisely with the period of time when Dr Chen Xiang had
been actively assisting GGAM in its efforts to develop relationships with
junket operators in Macau. In doing so, the plaintiffs seek to draw
similarities between these unexplained transactions and Mr Chiu’s
authorisation of several suspicious payments at LVS as stated in the Statement
of Facts of the DOJ Agreement (see above at [189]). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, pp 1956–1957, para 76.

199 In fairness to the plaintiffs, the circumstances surrounding the Sahara
Payments along with Mr Weidner’s and Mr Chiu’s behaviour, are arguably
suspicious. However, that is as far as the evidence provided by the plaintiffs
can show. The plaintiffs still have not proven what the transactions were for.
Further, it is insufficient to draw an inference of bribery just because the
key individuals involved in the breaches of the Accounting Provisions in the
FCPA Findings (ie, Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu) and the consumer base (ie, junket
operators) are the same as those in Solaire. The FCPA Findings make no
findings with regards to Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu in respect of the strategies
deployed at Solaire or the Sahara Payments for that matter. They also make no
mention of junket operations at all. The FCPA Findings pertain to misconduct
by LVS, a different company from GGAM, in a different venture (LVS, not
Solaire), in a different country (China, not the Philippines), which occurred
from 2006 to 2009, four years prior to the opening of Solaire in 2013.

200 The strategies employed in LVS, which were impugned in the FCPA Findings
are also clearly different from those employed in Solaire. It will be recalled
that the FCPA Findings concern three specific transactions (only two are
mentioned in the DOJ Agreement): the Basketball Team transaction, the Adelson
Centre transaction and the Macau Operations transaction (see [78]–[82]). On
the other hand, GGAM’s strategies for delivering VIP customers to Solaire did
not involve any similar transactions to those highlighted in the FCPA
Findings. Moreover, all that was mentioned in the DOJ Agreement was the
limited role of the CLO: in 2006, the Consultant was first retained by LVS and
introduced by a high-level person with the CLO in Macau. The plaintiffs have
also yet to establish positively that the Consultant in LVS was Dr Chen Xiang
in Solaire.

201 Therefore, I find that the FCPA Findings do not, on a balance of
probabilities, prove that Mr Weidner and Mr Chiu, whilst in LVS, were involved
in bribing Chinese government officials and state-owned entities. There are
insufficient factual similarities between the operations in LVS and Solaire.
It must be borne in mind that the court must take a careful and cautious
approach in utilising similar fact evidence with regard to establishing fraud
and dishonesty: Tan Swee Wan and another v Johnny Lian Tian Yong [2018] SGHC
169 at [276]–[278]. Especially for findings of fraud and dishonesty, I would
be slow to draw an inference based on similar fact evidence, assumptions and
unestablished facts. As such, there is no requisite connection between any
fraud and the Partial Award to speak of and I do not think that the Tribunal’s
decision would have been any different or that the Arbitration would have
proceeded on an entirely different basis.

Whether the FCPA Findings are nevertheless material

202 In the light of my foregoing findings, much of the plaintiffs’ argument on
materiality falls away. Nonetheless, I will briefly address the remaining
points raised herein.

203 It was suggested that if Mr Weidner had not concealed or misrepresented
his involvement in three transactions being investigated by the DOJ and the
SEC, the plaintiffs would not have entered into the MSA in the first place
(ie, the Causal Fraud Issue). 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Second affidavit of Michael Nolan, paras 37–39.

I find this to be misguided.

204 There is no general duty or any duty of disclosure at common law in
ordinary commercial contracts. The exception is reserved for contracts that
are subject to the duty to act in good faith. The basis of contract law thus
responds to active misrepresentations and generally imposes no liability for
omissions: Chitty on Contracts vol 1 (Hugh Beale QC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
33rd Ed, 2018) at para 7-018.

205 In the present case, the MSA concerns a different company, different
parties and a different time frame, as noted earlier. While it appears that
the investigations by the DOJ and SEC into LVS were already ongoing at the
time the MSA was signed, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PWS dated 17 September 2018, para 38.

I cannot find any duty on the defendants’ part to disclose the LVS
investigations or the impugned transactions. I also note that around March
2011, LVS published in its annual report that they were being investigated by
the US authorities and this was publicised on several major media outlets.
This was half a year before the parties entered into the MSA in September
2011.

206 The plaintiffs rely on, inter alia, cl 10.2 of the MSA. I reproduce the
relevant clauses here:

10.2 GGAM

GGAM represents and warrants as of the Effective Date that:

…

(G) there is no litigation or proceedings pending or threatened against GGAM
that could adversely affect the validity of this Agreement or the performance
of GGAM of its obligations under this Agreement;

(H) to its best knowledge, GGAM has complied and shall comply with all
material requirements of the Philippine Anti-Money Laundering Laws in this
Project;

(I) to its best knowledge, GGAM has complied and shall comply with all
material requirements of the Philippine Anti-Corruption Laws in connection
with this Project …

207 As I have explained earlier, there is no breach of cl 10.2(G) because the
only entity whose conduct is of relevance is GGAM (see [137]). In relation to
cll 10.2(H) and (I), there is no evidence before me that there has been non-
compliance in relation to the Philippines anti-money laundering or anti-
corruption laws, whether arising out of the conduct of LVS and its principals
between 2006 and 2009 disclosed in the FCPA Findings or otherwise. Thus, the
FCPA Findings have no material effect on the Causal Fraud Issue.

208 Third, the plaintiffs submit that the FCPA Findings reveal that the
defendants did not have strong and direct relationships with junket operators
but rather corrupt strategies. This is contrary to the defendants’
representations at the beginning of the parties’ relationship. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Second affidavit of Michael Nolan, paras 36, 41(b); PWS dated 17 September
2018, para 50.

209 The FCPA Findings say nothing about the defendants’ relationships with
junket operators. It is undisputed that the two documents only concern
relationships that LVS had, and even then it was focused on relationships with
Chinese authorities. It is untenable to deduce therefrom that the defendants
did not have any genuine relationships with junket operators. Even then, I
have found above that the FCPA Findings are not evidence of bribery or
corruption in LVS or Solaire.

210 Moreover, the Tribunal in its Partial Award has already properly addressed
this argument by the plaintiffs by making a finding as to the ramp-up period
contemplated by the parties in the execution of the MSA (see [187]). As
explained, the Tribunal was satisfied that the “high rollers” were only
supposed to be brought in at a later stage of Solaire’s development. These are
factual findings that cannot be disturbed by the court save in cases of fraud,
bribery or breach of natural justice, none of which have been made out.

211 Fourth, the plaintiffs also argue that the conduct of Mr Weidner and Mr
Chiu in LVS, as revealed in the FCPA Findings “would have rendered the
defendants unsuitable to participate in the management of Solaire” based on
Philippines licensing regulations. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PWS dated 17 September 2018, para 46; Second affidavit of Michael Nolan, paras
37 – 39.

This argument is predicated on cl 15.1(f) of the MSA, which stipulates that:

15\. TERMINATION

15.1 By Owner for GGAM’s Breach

The Owners may at any time, by written notice addressed to GGAM, give prior
notice of intention to terminate the Services under this Agreement, in whole
or in part if any of the following have occurred:

…

(f) an affirmative act or failure to act by GGAM that results in a final order
by PAGCOR that GGAM is unsuitable to participate in the management of the
Facilities, and such order by PAGCOR cannot be remedied within the cure period
as may be allowed by PAGCOR, provided no cross-default is triggered thereby.

[emphasis added]

212 The plaintiffs refer to the expert opinion of Mr Jorge Sarmiento (“Mr
Sarmiento”), the former President and Chief Operating Officer of the
Philippines Amusement and Gaming Corporation (“PAGCOR”), a body that regulates
the employment of persons in the gaming industry in the Philippines. Notably,
Mr Sarmiento’s report states that: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 1519.

The violation of the FCPA of the nature set forth by the U.S. authorities by
William Weidner and Eric Chiu who are senior officers of GGAM, and GGAM’s
hiring Michael French as President and Chief Operating Officer of Solaire, a
person whom they have previously fired for rigging a drawing and Mr. French’
failure to disclose this in his [Gaming Employment License] application are,
to my mind, reasons enough for PAGCOR to disqualify GGAM from being involved
in gaming in the Philippines. Had PAGCOR been aware of these facts, it would
have required that Bloomberry dissociate itself from Mr. Weidner, Mr. Chiu and
Mr. French. In fact, PAGCOR would have required the immediate termination of
the MSA if its continuation would not be possible without the involvement of
Mr. Weidner, Mr. Chiu and Mr. French or if it would allow a circumvention of
the requirement that only persons of the highest integrity are allowed to
participate in the operations of the Philippine gaming industry… [emphasis
added]

According to the plaintiffs, this shows that PAGCOR would have required the
termination of the MSA either because of the misconduct of Mr Weidner and Mr
Chiu, or the hiring of Mr French without disclosing his unethical conduct in
LVS, which had resulted in fines imposed by Nevada’s Gaming Control Board.

213 I disagree. The text of cl 15.1(f) of the MSA makes clear that a ground
for valid termination arises where there is a final order that is not
“remedied within the cure period as may be allowed by PAGCOR”. At best, Mr
Sarmiento’s evidence is that the information contained in the FCPA Findings
might have been sufficient to disqualify GGAM. While that conduct relates only
to LVS, PAGCOR would presumably be entitled to take into account past conduct
in its assessment of an applicant’s suitability in managing such facilities.

214 However, Mr Sarmiento stops short of saying that the misconduct of Mr
Weidner and Mr Chiu in LVS would have resulted in a final and irremediable
order, as contemplated in cl 15.1(f) of the MSA. Indeed, I do not think an
irremediable order would have arisen for two inter-related reasons. For one,
Mr Sarmiento’s report states that in the counterfactual scenario, PAGCOR would
likely have required the first plaintiff to “dissociate itself from Mr
Weidner, Mr Chiu and Mr French”. In other words, if the individuals
“implicated” in the LVS investigations or other forms of misconduct were
removed from the defendants and not involved in the MSA, PAGCOR may at the
very least have considered allowing the defendants’ application to be involved
in the Philippines gambling sector. Furthermore, cl 15.1(g) of the MSA
essentially provides that it is not a ground for termination where Mr Weidner
ceases to be the CEO of GGAM, if the other principals “continue as a senior
officer of GGAM actively involved in the performance of GGAM’s obligations”.
Therefore, should the situation arise that Mr Weidner is “dissociated” from
Solaire, cl 15.1(f) would not ipso facto justify termination in the light of
cl 15.1(g).

215 Fifth, I also have difficulty with the plaintiffs’ argument that the
undisclosed misconduct of Mr French when taken together with the new
revelations of misconduct by other individuals in GGAM, constitute a valid
ground of termination. The premise of this submission is that the Tribunal had
found that Mr French’s conduct (that he was previously fired for rigging a
drawing and failed to disclose this in his Gaming Employment License
application with PAGCOR) was an isolated event and that “there is no other
evidence of unethical conduct by GGAM”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Second affidavit of Michael Nolan, para 41.

Consequently, the Tribunal found that there was no breach of cl 2.5 of the
MSA, which essentially requires the defendants to act in accordance with the
highest standards of business ethics (the “Standard of Care” proviso).

216 Notwithstanding the FCPA Findings indicate some wrongdoing by Mr Weidner
and Mr Chiu in LVS confined to the Accounting Provisions, I do not consider
them to be material for the purposes of the Standard of Care proviso in the
MSA, when considered in the totality of the circumstances. The same reasons
explicated above in the section on the evidential value of the FCPA Findings
are applicable here (see [167]–[184]). Importantly, I note also that the
Tribunal dismissed the plaintiffs’ argument because (a) it was not pleaded;
(b) it was not submitted that Mr French’s unethical conduct itself was a
breach of cl 2.5 of the MSA; and (c) that misconduct was not known by the
plaintiffs at the point of termination. In any case, the Tribunal expressed
reservations about whether that conduct would fall within the ambit of cl 2.5
of the MSA.

217 Finally, I also reject the argument that the FCPA Findings show that the
defendants violated the requirement to perform its obligations through the
Management Team pursuant to cl 2.4(a) of the MSA. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Second affidavit of Michael Nolan, para 42.

The plaintiffs submit that the FCPA Findings show that “the defendants were
operating outside the framework of the Management Team to pursue Mr Weidner’s
‘strategies’ and thereby build relationships…with junket operators and VIPs
that the defendants could control themselves as a ‘company within a company’”.
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PWS dated 17 September 2018, para 67; Second affidavit of Michael Nolan, para
42.

In my view, this argument is unsupported by any evidence.

218 It is unclear to me how anything in the DOJ Agreement or the SEC Order
suggests that the defendants have operated outside the Management Team
framework stipulated by the MSA. I also find that the Tribunal had properly
analysed cl 2.4(a) of the MSA before concluding that there had been no breach
of it.

219 In sum, there is no sufficient degree of connection between the alleged
procedural fraud and the Partial Award and it also cannot be said that the
FCPA Findings were so material that earlier discovery would have prompted the
arbitrator to rule in favour of the applicant: Elektrim (see [105]–[106]
above). It follows also from the foregoing analysis that there was a good
reason for non-disclosure of the information relating to the FCPA Findings.

Non-availability of evidence: is this a legal requirement

220 In the light of my finding that there is no procedural fraud in the first
place and that in any case, the FCPA Findings do not satisfy the requirement
of materiality, I need not express a view on the legal requirement of non-
availability of evidence at the time of the Arbitration. I am, however,
satisfied that the new evidence to demonstrate fraud was not available or
could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence at the time of the
Arbitration in this case. The FCPA Findings were not in existence at the time
of the Arbitration. The question of the plaintiffs’ due diligence, if any,
does not arise in this case.

221 Suffice to say for now that Swiss Singapore, Dongwoo and BVU v BVX suggest
that this requirement of due diligence applies in an unattenuated manner
despite the allegation of fraud. A more relaxed position however appears to be
taken in Ching Chew Weng Paul, deceased, and others v Ching Pui Sim and others
[2011] 3 SLR 869, a case pertaining to the setting aside of judgments in cases
of fraud. Steven Chong J, as he then was, noted that the court would
“generally expect the applicant alleging fraud to adduce new evidence which
could not have been discovered at the time of trial with due diligence” (at
[41]). However, it is stated that this non-availability requirement “ought not
to be imposed rigidly such as to cause injustice in a situation where fresh
evidence uncovers fraud on the other party”. This represents at least a prima
facie point of apparent divergence between the principles governing the
setting aside of judgments and the resisting of enforcement of arbitral awards
in the cases of fraud that is best left to another occasion.

222 I note that the English position in a recent decision of Takhar v
Gracefield Developments Ltd and ors [2019] UKSC 13 (“Takhar”) appears to go
even further. The Supreme Court there was concerned with an application to set
aside a judgment obtained by fraud. After considering the divergent
authorities in the lower courts, Lord Kerr, with whom the majority agreed,
held that where a judgment had been procured by fraud, and no allegation of
fraud was raised at the trial, there is no requirement that the evidence of
the fraud could not have been obtained before the first trial by exercise of
reasonable diligence (at [46]). The court qualified this conclusion by stating
that where a deliberate decision had been taken not to investigate the
possibility of fraud in the first trial, even if that had been suspected, the
court will exercise its discretion whether to allow the setting aside
application (at [55]).

Resisting enforcement under Art 36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law

223 As explained at the outset of this judgment, the plaintiffs also rely on a
distinct ground of being unable to present their case to resist enforcement of
the Partial Award under Art 36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law. Art 36(1)(a)(ii)
states:

Article 36. Grounds for refusing recognition or enforcement

(1) Recognition or enforcement of an arbitral award, irrespective of the
country in which it was made, may be refused only:

(a) at the request of the party against whom it is invoked, if that party
furnishes to the competent court where recognition or enforcement is sought
proof that:

(ii) the party against whom the award is invoked was not given proper notice
of the appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings or was
otherwise unable to present his case;

224 The same facts that the plaintiffs rely on for their claim of procedural
fraud form the basis for its claim of breach of natural justice here. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PWS dated 12 March 2019, para 75.

The plaintiffs contend that deceit and fraud of the defendants and/or Paul
Hastings – in concealing evidence – constitutes a breach of the rule that each
party must be given a fair hearing and a fair opportunity to present its case.
The plaintiffs also refer to Paul Hastings’ conduct during the Arbitration.
They allege that the defendants’ counsel in the Arbitration “improperly
objected” to Bloomberry’s questions and submissions at various points of the
Arbitration. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, para 37(b).

As such, they were deprived of the opportunity to make arguments regarding the
propriety, legality and money-laundering implications of Mr Weidner’s
strategies at Solaire.

225 The defendants’ argument is simply that there has been no fraud and no
breach of natural justice.

226 The plaintiffs’ reasons for invoking Art 36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law
represent a marked deviation from the typical factual scenarios that engage
the maxim audi alteram partem. The typical scenarios being those where there
has been a lack of proper participation or proper representation in the
proceedings that is attributable to the arbitral tribunal or extraneous
circumstances beyond the parties’ control (UNCITRAL 2012 Digest of Case Law on
the Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (United Nations, 2012)
at p 178). I understand the plaintiffs’ case, more appropriately, to be
described as one where they were arguably deprived of an opportunity to
present a different case rather than one where there were unable to present
their case per se. Therefore, it is difficult to see how the audi alteram
partem rule has been breached.

227 In addition, it bears reiterating, with respect to the plaintiffs’
accusations of suppression of documents by Paul Hastings, that a tribunal’s
ruling in accordance with the rules of the arbitration on discovery or
admissibility of evidence after hearing the parties cannot, ipso facto,
constitute evidence that the party was therefore unable to present its case:
Dongwoo at [55].

228 I also find that there is also no foundation to the plaintiffs’
allegations of the defendants’ interference during the hearings. From my
examination of the transcript in the Arbitration, the purported instances of
interference appear to be nothing more than the usual cut-and-thrust of oral
advocacy. I also note that at the close of the liability hearing, the Tribunal
invited the plaintiffs to ventilate their complaints concerning the procedure
of the Arbitration. The Tribunal, in the Annex to the Partial Award, had
comprehensively addressed the plaintiffs’ complaints on procedural fairness.
None of those complaints touched on the alleged inappropriate interference by
the defendants’ counsel, which the plaintiffs have now raised. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

First affidavit of Michael Nolan, p 807.

229 Therefore, I find that the ground for resisting enforcement under Art
36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law is not engaged.

Conclusion on enforcement of the Partial Award

230 In summary, the FCPA Findings do not constitute strong and cogent evidence
of any species of fraud that the plaintiffs have so sought to impress upon me.
In the absence of any finding of fraud, it cannot be said that the FCPA
Findings have any material effect on either the arguments that were advanced
in the Arbitration as to the Causal Fraud Issue and Termination Issue, or that
the Arbitration would have proceeded differently altogether. For the all
foregoing reasons, the plaintiffs’ application to resist enforcement under Art
36(1)(a)(ii) and Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law is dismissed with costs.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Yeo Khirn Hai Alvin SC, Leo Zhen Wei Lionel, Reka Mohan and Nurul Ayu Fajarani
(Wong Partnership LLP) for the first and second plaintiff;  
Cavinder Bull SC and Kong Man Er (Drew & Napier LLC) (instructed counsel),
Aaron Lee Teck Chye, Marc Wenjie Malone and Cheryl Chong (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the first and second defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

