Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2020] SGHCF 6

Registrar’s Appeal No 50 of 2019

Between

|  VGY  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

|  VGZ  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of FC/D 441 of 2017

Between

|  VGY  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

|  VGZ  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VGY

  
v

  

VGZ

[2020] SGHCF 6

High Court (Family Division) — Registrar’s Appeal No 50 of 2019  
Debbie Ong J  

4 March 2020

Debbie Ong J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Brief Facts and Issue

1 The parties are in the midst of Ancillary Matters (“AM”) proceedings,
particularly proceedings for the division of matrimonial assets and
maintenance. I refer to the Appellant as the Husband and the Respondent as the
Wife.

2 In this appeal, the issue before me is whether the District Judge (the “DJ”)
had erred in striking out various portions of the Husband’s 2nd Affidavit of
Assets and Means (“2AOM”) in the following paragraphs: paragraphs 31, 54, 62,
92, 110, 111 and 120.

3 Paragraph 31 of the Husband’s 2AOM sets out how a former helper no longer
worked for the Husband after the Wife moved in, and he then arranged to have
his parent’s helper come by to do some tasks once a week. I note that the
Wife’s affidavit does not contradict the position that there was some part-
time help.

4 Paragraph 54 seeks to set out how, despite working very hard and intensely
during the weekdays, he accompanied the Wife to activities with her extended
family even though he very much needed to rest and recover during weekends.

5 Paragraph 62 sets out how the Wife did not take his advice but proceeded to
sell the Bishan property. I note that there is no dispute that this property
was eventually sold.

6 Paragraph 92 mainly states that the Wife did not pay a professional cleaner
for services rendered.

7 Paragraphs 110 and 111 set out how, despite suffering from a growth in the
anus that caused severe pain, he continued to go to work.

8 Paragraph 120 states that the Husband was depressed in 2016 and “felt lousy
physically”.

9 I note the DJ’s observations that r 89 of the Family Justice Rules 2014 (S
813/2014) (the “FJR”) was put in place “to prevent parties from repeatedly
rehashing issues due to heightened emotions and acrimony”. Rule 89 of the FJR
permits each party to file an Affidavit of Assets and Means and a reply
affidavit to the other party’s Affidavit of Assets and Means. Beyond these two
affidavits, any further affidavit sought to be admitted requires the leave of
the court.

10 I highlight the observations and directions of the Court of Appeal in UYQ v
UYP (“UYQ v UYP”) [2020] SGCA 3 (at [4]):

… it would assist the parties to find a way forward… by focusing on the major
details as opposed to every conceivable detail under the sun. We caveat that
this does not mean parties should swing to the other extreme by being remiss
in submitting the relevant records. Put simply, there ought to be reasonable
accounting rigour that eschews flooding the court with details that would
obscure rather than illuminate. Henceforth, therefore, courts should
discourage parties from applying the ANJ v ANK approach in a rigid and
calculative manner. Parties would do well to understand that such an approach
detracts from their respective cases instead of enhancing them. And in extreme
situations where the court’s time and resources have been wasted in a wholly
disproportionate manner, a party may face sanctions in the form of the
appropriate costs orders.

[emphasis in original in italics and bold italics; emphasis added in
underline]

11 I had said at the hearing that parties should assist the court to reach a
just decision, and not inundate and distract the court and parties with
voluminous amounts of material that are not relevant to the issues before the
court.

12 The Husband’s 2AOM was more than a hundred pages long. It starts in this
way in its first paragraph: “I like to share a little about myself. I came
from a poor family. My family had very little to scrape through. There were
the five of us.” I wonder whether, if the Husband had kept broadly to what is
relevant in the entire affidavit in a more concise manner, even if it includes
some of the material in the paragraphs now in question, the Wife might perhaps
not have been so inclined to apply for portions to be struck out. There are
other parts not applied to be struck out, which I find are not entirely
relevant to the real issues in the AM proceedings. But here we are.

13 I find that the paragraphs described above are not relevant to the AM
proceedings, especially as there is already much evidence that had been
allowed in the affidavits. For example, the Husband set out what the DJ
described as “unnecessary graphic detail” of his medical condition in
paragraphs 110 and 111 of the Husband’s 2AOM. There, he states that he
continued to work very intensively despite suffering much physical pain and
inconvenience. I asked his counsel how this was relevant to showing his
indirect contribution, noting at the same time that his hard work which
produced income and assets would be taken into account as part of his direct
contribution. Counsel analogised this to a working mother who worked hard and
slept little. I think that a career mother who works hard all day and cares
for the children and household after work hours (thereby having less sleep)
would have her efforts caring for the family appropriately taken into account
as her indirect contribution. The paragraphs in the present case do not relate
to the Husband’s indirect contribution. Indeed, in other situations similar to
the present, parties have used evidence of a spouse’s medical condition to
show that the spouse could not have contributed much to the family’s welfare,
since he or she was suffering from medical conditions that instead required
care. If the Husband is worried about being prejudiced in not being allowed to
put in these paragraphs, I do not think that this is a concern as these
paragraphs ironically do not appear to favour his case on his indirect
contribution.

14 I am not unaware of the distress and agony that ensue after the breakdown
of a relationship as important and intimate as a marriage. Recounting what had
happened during the marriage cannot be easy; the justice system does not
belittle the deep hurt that divorcing parties experience and instead
discourages parties from conduct which may increase each other’s pain during
the proceedings.

15 Our family law has adopted the “no-fault” divorce regime. This regime
recognizes that it is not helpful for parties to allege the worst of each
other when what they should seek to do is to address the consequences of the
marriage breakdown, heal from them and move forward positively. This no-fault
regime also recognizes that marriage is an intimate relationship where alleged
“faults” are not always easy to ascertain, especially when spouses had a
continuous dynamic relationship during marriage in which how one spouse acts
may impact how the other acts or reacts.

16 The AM proceedings are not the forum for parties to vent their
frustrations. The parties are to address the financial consequences of their
marriage breakdown in the present court proceedings, where the focus ought to
be on the relevant issues in the division of assets and maintenance. I have
already stated what the Court of Appeal has instructed in UYQ v UYP in terms
of how to conduct the AM proceedings and presenting relevant evidence in the
spirit in which ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 ought to be understood. Parties
should use therapeutic services to support them in respect of the emotional
consequences of marriage break down.

17 The appeal is dismissed.

Debbie Ong  
Judge

  
for the appellant;  
Khwaja Imran Hamid, Yap En Li and Sudhershen Hariram (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

