Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 284

Suit No 34 of 2017 (Summonses Nos 5512 and 5513 of 2019)

Between

| Christopher Yun Hian Chen  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| BHNV Online Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Dean Taylor  
(3)| Tom Williams  
(4)| Michael Cooper  
(5)| Ben Yitzhak Zur  
(6)| Gilad Tisona  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Conflict of Laws] — [Choice of jurisdiction] — [Exclusive]

[Conflict of Laws] — [Natural forum]

[Civil Procedure] — [Service] — [Out of jurisdiction]

[Civil Procedure] — [Writ of summons]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chen Yun Hian Christopher

  
v

  

BHNV Online Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC 284

High Court — Suit No 34 of 2017 (Summonses Nos 5512 and 5513 of 2019)  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC  
16, 26, 29 June, 22 July, 6 October 2020

31 December 2020

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff commenced Suit No 34 of 2017 (“Suit 34”) alleging that, inter
alia, the defendants had conspired to defraud and injure him by unlawful
means. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) (Amendment No. 2), para 59.

The nub of the plaintiff’s allegation was that the defendants had acted in
concert to manipulate his trading activities, misappropriate his money, and
knowingly mislead him into thinking that he was trading in binary options when
no such trading was in fact taking place. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 59–60.

The defendants’ fraud purportedly induced the plaintiff to, inter alia, make
various fund transfers totalling US$11.55m. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), reliefs (3) and (5A).

2 The first, fifth and sixth defendants mounted various jurisdictional
challenges in respect of the plaintiff’s claims. In Summons No 5512 of 2019
(“SUM 5512”), the sixth defendant sought, inter alia, (a) a declaration that
this court had no jurisdiction over him in respect of the plaintiff’s action
in Suit 34; (b) an order setting aside the writ as well as service thereof;
and (c) a declaration that the writ had not been validly served. The first and
fifth defendants sought substantially the same reliefs in Summons No 5513 of
2019 (“SUM 5513”).

3 On 22 July 2020, I granted the sixth defendant’s application in SUM 5512 as
well as the first and fifth defendants’ application in SUM 5513, save for the
declarations sought regarding the validity of service as it was unnecessary
for me to make a finding on that issue. As the plaintiff has appealed against
my decision in both SUM 5512 and SUM 5513, I now set out the grounds of my
decision.

Facts

The plaintiff’s introduction to the Opteck platform

4 The plaintiff is a Singaporean surgeon. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Christopher Yun Hian Chen dated 18 January 2017 (“CYHC’s first
affidavit”), para 2.

The first defendant is a company incorporated in Belize; the fifth defendant,
an Israeli citizen, is the founder and has been the sole registered
shareholder of the first defendant since its incorporation. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Ben Yitzhak Zur dated 31 October 2019 (“BYZ’s first affidavit”),
paras 1, 6 and 8.

The sixth defendant is also an Israeli national and the ultimate shareholder
of a Belizean company known as CST Financial Services (“CST”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Gilad Tisona dated 31 October 2019 (“GT’s first affidavit”), para
19.

The second to fourth defendants are purportedly employees of the first and/or
fifth defendants, but they have not been served with the writ to date. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 4–7.

5 The plaintiff alleged that sometime in August 2013, a “pop-up” advertisement
for Opteck.com appeared on his computer while he was surfing the internet. At
the material time, Opteck.com was owned by BNet Online Limited (“BNet
Online”). BNet Online is registered in England and the first defendant is its
sole shareholder. According to the fifth defendant, BNet Online’s role was to
facilitate credit card payments on the Opteck trading platform. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Ben Yitzhak Zur dated 26 March 2020 (“BYZ’s fourth affidavit”),
para 16.

The plaintiff clicked on the advertisement and was redirected to the
Opteck.com website, which contained information on binary options trading. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 10; CYHC’s first affidavit, para 7.

6 The website promised high returns with initial investment from as little as
US$5,000. Tempted by the prospect of high investment returns and purportedly
unaware that Opteck.com was not a registered trading platform in Singapore,
the plaintiff submitted an online application and elected to make an initial
deposit of US$5,000. It should be noted that contrary to the plaintiff’s
description of this US$5,000 deposit as “the lowest [possible] amount”, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, paras 7–8.

the fifth defendant’s evidence was that the minimum deposit was in fact
US$200. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, para 35 and p 161.

The signing of the Opteck Terms and Conditions (the “Contract”)

7 Following his online application, the plaintiff received an e-mail on 29
August 2013 from Support Team Opteck Account Management containing the
Contract for his e-signature. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, pp 27–33.

8 The salient portions of the Contract included:

(a) multiple cautions about the risks that binary options trading entailed,
eg, that transactions on the Opteck platform were “high-risk financial
activities” and that “the potential for losses [was] extremely high”; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, p 32, “Risk Factors Disclosure Appendix”.

(b) a disclaimer to the effect that it was the client’s sole responsibility to
independently establish the accuracy of any information provided by the
company prior to making any investment decisions, that the client would be
entirely liable for all transactions occurring in his account, and that the
first defendant would never provide any form of financial advice to any of its
clients; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, pp 27–33, cll 6 and 8.

(c) a disclaimer to the effect that the provision of services on the Opteck
platform was “on an ‘as is’ basis, without warranty, liability or
representation of any kind whatsoever by the company” and that “the [first
defendant], its directors, employees and associates [could] in no way be held
liable for any damages incurred … from the use, or inability to use the
company’s software”; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, pp 27–33, cll 29–30.

and

(d) a clause which the first and fifth defendants argued was an exclusive
jurisdiction clause (clause 33). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, pp 27–33, cl 33.

I address this clause in greater detail below at [42]–[60].

9 It was undisputed that the plaintiff e-signed the Contract. Upon receiving
the requisite confirmation, he proceeded to deposit US$5,000 with Opteck 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 12–13; CYHC’s first affidavit, paras 10–11.

and was informed by Opteck via e-mail on 25 September 2013 that his trading
account had been created. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, para 15.

The events leading to the telegraphic transfers

10 On or around 10 September 2013, the second defendant introduced himself to
the plaintiff and allegedly held himself out to be a senior broker employed or
engaged by the first and/or fifth defendants. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 4.

The second defendant and the plaintiff kept in regular and close contact
thereafter, with the former educating the latter on binary options trading and
the Opteck platform.

11 The plaintiff and the first/fifth defendants provided significantly
divergent accounts as to the plaintiff’s familiarity with investments and his
risk appetite. The plaintiff “categorically state[d] that Opteck was [his]
first exposure” 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of Christopher Yun Hian Chen dated 4 February 2020 (“CYHC’s seventh
affidavit”), para 39.

to binary options trading and endeavoured to portray himself as a babe in the
woods about such matters: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 38.

Despite my best efforts, I never grasped much. Had it not been for the
inducement, encouragement, salesmanship, persuasion, the patter, enticement
and the presented expertise from [the second defendant] and his colleagues, I
would never have ever traded binary options. I was bewildered by all the
charts they were referring to. They were so deft. Soon enough, I was convinced
that they were experts who [could] trade for me with a minimal risk of loss.

12 The plaintiff claimed that the second defendant “purported to act as [his]
investment mentor and investment advisor”. He even described his relationship
with the second defendant as “very close and personal” and one in which the
second defendant “exercised enormous influence” over him. At the second
defendant’s encouragement, the plaintiff utilised the TeamViewer software,
which allowed the second defendant to remotely access and operate the
plaintiff’s personal computer. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 14–16; CYHC’s first affidavit, paras 12–13.

13 Over the next few weeks, the plaintiff’s trust in the second defendant
grew. The second defendant informed the plaintiff of live trading sessions
that he had arranged between 15 and 17 October 2013. The plaintiff attended
those sessions and was left awestruck at the second defendant’s abilities. In
all, the plaintiff attended 21 training sessions with the second defendant and
a handful with the third defendant; the plaintiff recorded the training
sessions so that he could review them at his leisure. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, paras 16–18.

These training sessions solidified the plaintiff’s confidence in the second
defendant’s expertise, particularly since the second defendant appeared able
to forecast market movements and make winning trades, and professed to be a
“specialist” who acted for high net worth clients and whose advice was highly
sought after. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, paras 19–20.

The second defendant allegedly made various representations to convince the
plaintiff to have US$30–US$40m, or a minimum of US$10m, in his Opteck account.
The second defendant also purportedly persuaded the plaintiff that binary
options trading on Opteck was not especially risky. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, para 19.

The plaintiff claimed that, over time, the second defendant stopped guiding
him on binary options trading and instead traded directly on his (ie, the
plaintiff’s) account. According to the plaintiff, he simply acquiesced to all
of the second defendant’s trading decisions on his account as he trusted the
second defendant immensely. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, paras 19(8) and 20.

14 The first and fifth defendants, on the other hand, rejected the plaintiff’s
attempts to portray himself as a naïve and guileless first-time investor.
Instead, they argued that the plaintiff was a “well-heeled investor who was
hooked on high-risk trading in binary options”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

First and fifth defendants’ Written Submissions dated 11 June 2020 (“1DWS”),
para 13.

They pointed to the plaintiff’s admission that his experience with trading
dated all the way back to 2005, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 256.

as well as his choice to make an initial deposit on the Opteck platform that
was 25 times the minimum amount, despite being new to Opteck (see [6] above).
In addition, they contended that the plaintiff’s history of leveraging on his
trades in stocks demonstrated his large risk appetite. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1DWS, para 15; BYZ’s fourth affidavit, para 33.

15 The first and fifth defendants also asserted that the plaintiff’s sizable
and frequent trades on the Opteck platform showed that he was an almost
compulsive trader undeterred by huge losses. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, p 168.

In an e-mail to the second defendant on 29 November 2013, the plaintiff stated
that “[i]t was [his] intention to perform daily investments, Monday to Friday,
[the second defendant’s] time permitting, to capitalise on this total sum
exceeding $10 million dollars. The money should not be sitting idle”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, p 165.

As an example of the plaintiff’s willingness to take huge gambles, the first
and fifth defendants cited the plaintiff’s investment of US$18m in the span of
an hour on 17 December 2013, which resulted in a net loss of US$12.14m. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, paras 149 and 151.

That the plaintiff concurrently engaged in high-risk trades on other trading
platforms while trading on the Opteck platform further indicated that he was
anything but risk-averse. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, paras 53–59.

The telegraphic transfers

16 On 30 September 2013 and allegedly under the fourth defendant’s
encouragement, the plaintiff made a further deposit of US$45,000 by way of
credit card transactions. The plaintiff was, however, startled when he
suffered a loss of US$37,000 – he demanded and obtained the return of the
balance of US$13,000 (inclusive of his initial US$5,000 deposit) in his
account. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 18–19.

17 When the second defendant returned from an overseas conference, he
apparently persuaded the plaintiff to allow him to return the plaintiff’s
account to profit. Convinced by the second defendant’s expertise in binary
options trading and his assurances of significant profit, the plaintiff
agreed. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 20 and 22.

Between 10 October 2013 and 5 December 2013, the plaintiff made a total of
five telegraphic transfers totalling US$11.55m to the first defendant’s bank
account with Volksbank Romania SA (the “Volksbank Account”), 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 20–38; CYHC’s first affidavit, paras 21–28.

of which the fifth defendant is the sole signatory. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 9.

The details of the telegraphic transfers are as follows:

| Date of telegraphic transfer| Amount transferred (US$)  
---|---|---  
First transfer| 10 October 2013| 50,000  
Second transfer| 7 November 2013| 1m  
Third transfer| 20 November 2013| 5m  
Fourth transfer| 29 November 2013| 3.5m  
Fifth transfer| 5 December 2013| 2m  
Total amount transferred: US$11.5m  
  
18 In effecting the telegraphic transfers, the plaintiff was purportedly
motivated by the following factors:

(a) The second defendant’s apparent skill in binary options trading: From 11
October 2013, the plaintiff attended intensive training sessions with the
second defendant and occasionally with the third defendant. Those training
sessions cemented the plaintiff’s confidence in the second defendant’s ability
to successfully predict market movements and to make winning binary options
trades. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 21–22; CYHC’s first affidavit, paras 22–23.

(b) The second defendant’s claims to have returned handsome profits to high
net worth individuals: The second defendant allegedly boasted that he had high
net worth clients who had reaped considerable profits. For example, according
to the plaintiff, the second defendant claimed to have helped the “President
of Google in Poland” to make a profit of EUR$2.2m in a single trading session.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 23 and 28.

(c) The second defendant’s success in investing the plaintiff’s money: Under
the second defendant’s guidance, the plaintiff invested US$70,000 on 13
November 2013 and accumulated a profit of US$31,000. The following day, the
plaintiff once again heeded the second defendant’s advice and invested
US$60,000, which yielded a gain of US$20,800. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 25–27.

Having made substantial profits over the span of just two days, the
plaintiff’s confidence in the second defendant’s trading expertise was now
unshakeable. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, para 25.

Between 18 November 2013 and 4 December 2013, the plaintiff made seven more
investments allegedly at the second defendant’s behest, with the sum of each
investment more than tripling from US$105,000 to US$500,000. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 28–37.

19 Additionally, around the time of the third telegraphic transfer, the
plaintiff liquidated his investments in various equities (including LinkedIn
shares). He claimed to have done so reluctantly as a result of the second and
third defendants’ cajoling, in order to fund his investments in binary
options. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 33.

The liquidation of his LinkedIn shares allegedly caused him losses to the tune
of US$1,326,239.85. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 86(1).

The seizure of the plaintiff’s moneys by the Romanian authorities

20 On 17 December 2013, the plaintiff made a series of ten trades totalling
US$18m. Those trades were allegedly made pursuant to various
misrepresentations by the second defendant, and the plaintiff noted several
“glitches” on the Opteck website when making those trades. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, paras 148 and 150.

Unfortunately, the plaintiff suffered heavy losses, and his Opteck trading
account balance was substantially wiped out with just US$1,231,324 remaining.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 51–52.

The details of those trades are unimportant for present purposes – what is
relevant is that the second defendant then arranged for the moneys remaining
in the plaintiff’s Opteck trading account to be remitted back to him.

21 The telegraphic transfers effected by the plaintiff on 29 November 2013 and
5 December 2013 were for sums of US$3.5m and US$2m respectively. Although the
plaintiff had provided official bank confirmations to his account manager to
confirm that the moneys had been transferred to the Volksbank Account, the
first defendant still had not received the moneys after several days.
Enquiries with Volksbank revealed that the bank was aware of the incoming
transfers but needed to carry out some checks on the source of the moneys.
Despite not having received the total sum of US$5.5m as of 9 December 2013,
the first defendant credited the sums of US$3.5m and US$2m to the plaintiff’s
trading account ledger on 4 December 2013 and 9 December 2013 respectively,
apparently in the belief that it would soon receive the moneys without any
issue.

22 In order to be prepared to answer any questions that Volksbank might have
about the moneys, the first defendant requested that the plaintiff provide
documentary evidence of the source of his funds, which the plaintiff appeared
to have done on 16 December 2013. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, paras 98–99.

The documents provided by the plaintiff showed that his moneys had come from a
regulated broker in the United States and that he had sufficient funds to
conduct the transfers. On this basis, and out of goodwill, the first defendant
executed a payment order for US$1,231,324 (ie, the balance in the plaintiff’s
Opteck account) to the plaintiff. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, para 102.

The plaintiff confirmed receipt of this sum. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 162.

23 What transpired was that Volksbank apparently too the view that it had not
obtained a satisfactory explanation for the source of the sum of US$5.5m, and
it proceeded to report the transactions to the Romanian authorities. The
Volksbank Account was then frozen pending investigations of suspected money
laundering. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

BYZ’s first affidavit, para 16.

The sums of US$5.5m, US$5m (that the plaintiff had deposited by way of
telegraphic transfer on 20 November 2013) and US$1.23m (that the first
defendant had returned to the plaintiff) were frozen and seized by the
Romanian authorities. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, para 106; CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 132.

The first and fifth defendants said they only found out about the seizure of
the plaintiff’s moneys on 20 December 2013. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, paras 103–104.

24 Following the Romanian authorities’ seizure of the moneys, the plaintiff
and his solicitors filed numerous complaints and reports alleging that he was
a victim of fraud.

(a) On 5 February 2014, the plaintiff filed a police report with the
Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) of the Singapore Police Force. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, pp 54–59.

Allegations of fraud were made solely against the second defendant in the
police report and the accompanying memo.

(b) On 22 July 2014, the plaintiff’s solicitors filed a criminal complaint
with the Romanian authorities against BNet Online and the first to third
defendants for fraud/deception. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, pp 421–494.

(c) On 2 October 2014, the plaintiff’s solicitors sent a letter to the CAD in
which they alleged that BNet Online and the first to fifth defendants had
acted in concert to defraud the plaintiff. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, pp 61–64.

The sixth defendant’s purchase of the first defendant’s assets

25 Sometime in 2015, the sixth defendant was approached by the fifth defendant
to purchase some of the first defendant’s assets as the first defendant was
experiencing financial difficulties. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

GT’s first affidavit, para 20.

On 2 April 2015, CST purchased some of the first defendant’s assets through a
corporate vehicular route (the “Asset Purchase”). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, para 142(3); affidavit of Gilad Tisona dated 26 March
2020 (“GT’s third affidavit”), para 9.

As mentioned at [4] above, the sixth defendant is the ultimate shareholder of
CST. In the discussions preceding the Asset Purchase, the sixth defendant
learnt about the moneys in the Volksbank Account that had been frozen by the
Romanian authorities (the “Frozen Moneys”). Among the first defendant’s assets
purchased by the sixth defendant were parts of the Opteck business but not the
Frozen Moneys. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

GT’s third affidavit, para 9.

The sixth defendant contended that the Asset Purchase was his only involvement
with the first defendant and that he was wholly uninvolved in the second to
fifth defendants’ dealings with the plaintiff in relation to the Opteck
platform. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

GT’s first affidavit, paras 9 and 20.

26 On his part, the plaintiff alleged that the sixth defendant: (a) is “a
substantial behind the scenes owner” of the first defendant; (b) was, at all
material times, “an agent and/or representative” of the first defendant; and
(c) “became the substantial owner” of the first defendant around late August
2013 or early September 2013. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 8A and 62(4).

The sixth defendant contested these allegations and maintained that, at all
material times, he had never been a shareholder of the first defendant or any
entity owning shares in the first defendant. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

GT’s first affidavit, para 18.

The present proceedings

Procedural history

27 Between 2016 and 2017, the plaintiff and the first/fifth defendants engaged
in settlement talks which the plaintiff subsequently aborted. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, paras 134–140.

The plaintiff commenced Suit 34 against the first to fifth defendants on 17
January 2017. In January 2017, the plaintiff sought and obtained leave to
serve the writ and Statement of Claim (“SOC”) on the first and fifth
defendants in England. The plaintiff claimed to have effected service on the
first and fifth defendants in London on 23 January 2017, while the fifth
defendant was in London attending a meeting to resolve the present dispute. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

BYZ’s first affidavit, para 27.

Notwithstanding the plaintiff’s commencement of Suit 34, the first and fifth
defendants continued to engage the plaintiff in settlement talks in 2017 and
2018; and at one juncture, it appeared that the plaintiff was open to
discontinuing Suit 34. However, the settlement negotiations fell through in
late 2018. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Affidavit of Ben Yitzhak Zur dated 15 March 2020 (“BYZ’s third affidavit”),
paras 10 and 13.

28 On 4 April 2018, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

By way of Summons No 1571 of 2018 and Summons No 558 of 2018.

the plaintiff applied for leave to join the sixth defendant as a defendant in
Suit 34 and to amend his SOC to include allegations against the sixth
defendant. This was more than a year after he had commenced Suit 34. The
plaintiff obtained leave to serve process on the sixth defendant in Israel in
July 2018, and claimed to have done so on 14 January 2019.

29 It was revealed for the first time in the plaintiff’s affidavit dated 4
February 2020 that the plaintiff had in fact filed a “protective writ” in
Belize against the first defendant. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 206.

The “protective writ” was filed on 13 December 2019, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Affidavit of Christopher Yun Hian Chen dated 17 June 2020 (“CYHC’s ninth
affidavit”), para 7.1; transcript, 26 June 2020, 19:11–24 and 20:22–21:3.

purportedly to forestall potential issues of limitation under Belizean law, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Written Submissions dated 24 June 2020 (“PSWS”),
paras 20–21.

and was served on the first defendant on 12 June 2020. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

CYHC’s ninth affidavit, para 6.

The plaintiff’s claims

30 The plaintiff’s claims can be summarised as follows:

(a) Unlawful means conspiracy: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 59–63.

All or any two or more of the defendants conspired to defraud and injure the
plaintiff by unlawful means. The conspiratorial acts included opening or
operating the Volksbank Account to receive deposits from the plaintiff which
were not for the bona fide purpose of trading, and appropriating the
plaintiff’s moneys on the pretext that he had incurred losses in binary
options trading. Central to the plaintiff’s allegation of fraud was his claim
that Opteck was a fraudulent trading platform that displayed pre-determined
data to create the illusion of trading in real time. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 61; CYHC’s seventh affidavit, p 422.

In furtherance of the conspiracy, all or any two or more of the defendants
(among other things) manipulated the plaintiff’s trading activities via the
TeamViewer software on about 10 September 2013, made various
misrepresentations that binary options trading was a low-risk activity and
that the second defendant was a seasoned investor in binary options, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 78.

encouraged the plaintiff to make larger transfers to the Volksbank Account and
to invest greater sums, and operated a dummy trading platform (ie, the Opteck
platform) to cloak their misappropriation of the plaintiff’s moneys. These
acts had the foreseeable result of defrauding the plaintiff.

(b) Breaches of contractual and/or fiduciary duties: The defendants failed to
exercise reasonable care and skill by advising the plaintiff to make a highly
risky investment of some US$18m in binary options, and made undisclosed
profits from the plaintiff’s investments (which gave rise to a conflict of
interests). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 66–71.

(c) Proprietary claim for moneys had and received: The sum of US$11.55m
transferred to the Volksbank Account is held by the first and/or fifth and/or
sixth defendants on a constructive and/or resulting trust for the plaintiff’s
benefit and payable to him as moneys had and received. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 64–65 and 72–77.

(d) Misrepresentation and deceit: The defendants, “acting by the [second
defendant]”, made various misrepresentations that binary options trading was a
highly profitable and low-risk activity, and that the second defendant was a
highly successful trader who could predict market movements. These
misrepresentations induced the plaintiff to transfer moneys to the Volksbank
Account, to increase his deposits and to make various investments as
recommended by the defendants. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 78–81.

(e) Undue influence: The plaintiff entered into the transactions with the
defendants under undue influence. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 83.

31 The plaintiff sought declaratory relief, rescission of the transactions he
had entered into with the defendants, an account of all moneys paid to the
defendants, and damages (including US$1,326,239.85 for losses arising from the
liquidation of his LinkedIn shares).

SUM 5513 and SUM 5512

32 By way of SUM 5513, the first and fifth defendants sought, inter alia:

(a) the setting aside of the writ and service thereof;

(b) a declaration that the writ was not validly served;

(c) to set aside the order of court granting the plaintiff leave to serve the
writ and SOC out of jurisdiction; and

(d) a declaration that the court has no jurisdiction over them in respect of
the subject matter of the plaintiff’s claim or the relief sought in Suit 34.

33 In SUM 5512, the sixth defendant also sought to set aside the order of
court granting the plaintiff leave to serve the writ by substituted service,
in addition to the reliefs stated at [32] above.

The parties’ cases

34 The plaintiff claimed that Singapore was the natural forum of the dispute,
and that he would be deprived of justice if he were required to pursue his
claims in Belize or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) as his claims would
likely be time-barred. Clause 33 of the Contract, which the first defendant
understood to be an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the Belizean
courts, in fact nominated more than one forum and was thus void for
uncertainty. The plaintiff also argued that he had satisfied the requirements
of Order 11 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) for
service out of Singapore; that there was a serious issue to be tried; and that
he had validly served the writ on the first, fifth and sixth defendants.

35 The first defendant’s chief contention was that clause 33 of the Contract
contained an exclusive jurisdiction clause, in favour of the Belizean courts,
which the plaintiff had not shown strong cause for breaching. Consequently,
the proper forum for the plaintiff’s claims against the first defendant was
not Singapore but Belize – or in the alternative, Belize or the UK. As for the
sixth defendant, the baseline of his case was that there was nothing to link
him to the alleged conspiracy at all, such that there was no serious issue to
be tried. The sixth defendant also submitted that the material non-disclosures
in the plaintiff’s application for leave to serve the writ out of jurisdiction
warranted the setting aside of the writ and service thereof.

36 All three defendants argued that the plaintiff had established neither a
good arguable case that his claims fell within O 11 r 1 of the ROC nor that
there was a serious issue to be tried, and that Singapore was not the forum
conveniens. They also claimed to have been invalidly served with the writ.

The issues in contention

37 The requirements for valid service out of jurisdiction are well
established. A plaintiff must show that his claim comes within one of the
heads of claim in O 11 r 1 of the ROC; that his claim has a sufficient degree
of merit; and that Singapore is the proper forum for the trial of the action:
Zoom Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 500 (“Zoom
Communications”) at [26].

38 In light of the cases put forward by the various parties, the following
issues arose for my determination:

(a) whether Belize was the proper forum as against the first defendant, in
that clause 33 of the Contract provided for an exclusive jurisdiction clause
in favour of the courts of Belize. This necessitated consideration of whether
the purported exclusive jurisdiction clause was void for uncertainty and/or if
the plaintiff had shown strong cause why he should be released from his
contractual obligations thereunder;

(b) whether Singapore was the appropriate forum for the adjudication of the
plaintiff’s claims against the fifth and sixth defendants;

(c) whether the plaintiff had established a good arguable case that his claims
against the first, fifth and sixth defendants fell within O 11 r 1 of the ROC;

(d) whether there was a serious issue to be tried on the plaintiff’s claims
against the first, fifth and sixth defendants; and

(e) whether service of the writ on the first, fifth and sixth defendants was
defective.

39 I set out below my findings and reasoning on these issues.

Was Singapore the proper forum for the plaintiff’s claims against the first
defendant?

The applicable legal principles

40 Where there is an applicable exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of a
foreign jurisdiction, as the first defendant contends, the court will engage
in a two-stage analysis to determine if service out of jurisdiction ought to
be set aside. At the first stage, the party seeking to rely on the purported
exclusive jurisdiction clause (in this case, the first defendant) bears the
burden of showing a “good arguable case” that an exclusive jurisdiction clause
exists and governs the dispute in question: Vinmar Overseas (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v PTT International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271 (“Vinmar”) at [45];
Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2020 Reissue)
(“Halsbury’s”) at para 75.112. Where there is a valid exclusive jurisdiction
clause in a contract, the clause will prima facie be enforced: Halsbury’s at
para 75.119.

41 The second stage of the analysis requires the party in breach of the
exclusive jurisdiction clause to demonstrate “strong cause amounting to
exceptional circumstances” why he should not be held to the jurisdiction
agreement: Halsbury’s at para 75.121; Vinmar at [112].

Clause 33 of the Contract

42 The relevant portion of clause 33 of the Contract reads as follows:

…

This Agreement is constructed and enforce[d] in accordance with the laws and
regulations of Belize and shall be governed by Belize, notwithstanding any
conflicts of laws principles. Therefore the parties to the agreement (i)
consents [sic] to any suit, legal action or proceeding in relation to this
agreement being brought before the courts of Belize exclusively (the “Courts”)
as such, this agreement of action in such situations waivers [sic] any
objections to the use of the UK legal system in resolving such issues or
complaints that the proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii)
The competence of the UK courts is therefore agreed herein to hear such
action, (iii) The courts of Belize ware [sic] agreed to have exclusive
jurisdiction over such actions (iv) The final judgments of such courts will
have binding power over all parties.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

43 At the outset, it should be noted that leaving aside clause 33, the
plaintiff did not dispute the validity of the Contract: indeed, its validity
was key to his contractual and proprietary claims. Moreover, even in respect
of clause 33, the plaintiff’s case was not that the entire clause was void and
unenforceable. In so far as clause 33 stipulated that the Contract would be
construed and enforced “in accordance with the laws and regulations of
Belize”, the plaintiff conceded in his written submissions 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 11 June 2020 (“PWS”), para 151.6.

that the contracting parties (ie, the plaintiff himself and the first
defendant) had clearly nominated Belizean law as the governing law of the
Contract.

Whether clause 33 contained an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the
courts of Belize, and whether clause 33 was void for uncertainty

44 I agreed with the defendants that notwithstanding the two references to the
UK in clause 33, there was a good arguable case that clause 33 contained an
applicable exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the Belizean courts.

45 First, clause 33 explicitly stated that proceedings in relation to the
Contract would be brought before “the courts of Belize exclusively” and that
“the courts of Belize ware [sic] agreed to have exclusive jurisdiction over
such actions” [emphasis added]. While the court should refrain from ascribing
special significance to particular phraseology, “this does not mean that the
use of certain words cannot be given their ordinary significance”:
Ivanishvili, Bidzina and others v Credit Suisse Trust Ltd [2020] 2 SLR(R) 638
(“Ivanishvili”) at [59]. The import of clause 33 was that the only proper
forum for resolution of disputes relating to the Contract was the Belizean
courts. Second, the fact that Belizean law was the governing law of the
Contract strongly suggested that the parties had intended for the Belizean
courts to adjudicate disputes such as the present.

46 On the plaintiff’s case, clause 33 was void for uncertainty: it purported
to operate as an exclusive jurisdiction clause, and yet it referred
simultaneously to two different forums (ie, the courts of Belize and of the
UK). 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PWS, para 152.1.

47 Mr Eamon Courtenay SC (“Mr Courtenay”), a senior partner of a Belizean law
firm and the former Attorney-General of Belize, filed an expert report in
these proceedings. His report concluded that the Belizean courts would find
clause 33 void for uncertainty owing to the “multiple and obvious
consistencies” therein: according to him, it would be “impossible to give the
clause any sensible meaning without rewriting or striking out parts of the
clause”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Affidavit of Eamon Harrison Courtenay dated 30 January 2020 (“EHC’s first
affidavit”), p 28, para 14 and p 30, para 19.

As parties agreed that Belizean contractual principles are mostly derived from
English common law, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

EHC’s first affidavit, p 27, para 7; affidavit of Aldo Gianni Reyes dated 26
March 2020, p 9, para 15.

the plaintiff also engaged Prof Gerard McMeel QC (“Prof McMeel”), a Professor
of Commercial Law, who likewise opined that clause 33 was “too internally
inconsistent to identify an exclusive forum for disputes”. Prof McMeel’s
opinion was that, on an application of “modern principles of contractual
construction”, an English court would not “prefer the initial reference to
Belize over the later reference to the UK courts”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Affidavit of Gerard Patrick McMeel dated 30 January 2020 (“GPM’s first
affidavit”), p 50, para 35 and p 52, para 39.

48 The first defendant, on the other hand, relied on the expert opinion of
Prof Adrian Briggs QC (“Prof Briggs”), a Professor of Private International
Law. Prof Briggs opined that an English court would have no difficulty
interpreting clause 33 as an exclusive jurisdiction clause: the references to
the UK courts were “slips of the pen” but “the true meaning of what was agreed
to was clear, and provided for Belize law and exclusive jurisdiction”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Affidavit of Adrian Briggs dated 17 March 2020 (“AB’s first affidavit”), p 9,
paras 17 and 19.

The erroneous references to the UK courts could be easily attributed to an
oversight when editing clause 33 of the Contract, which was a standard form
contract. Despite the errors, “the intention of the parties was settled and
clear” and it was obvious that the references to the UK in clause 33 ought to
be corrected. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AB’s first affidavit, p 10, para 25.

49 Per Lord Hoffmann’s remarks in the seminal English case of Investors
Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society (No. 1) [1998] 1 WLR
896 at 912, “[i]nterpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the
document would convey to a reasonable person having all the background
knowledge which would reasonably have been available to the parties in the
situation in which they were at the time of the contract” [emphasis added],
save that pre-contractual negotiations and declarations of subjective intent
do not form part of the admissible background. Other factors relevant to
contractual interpretation include, inter alia, any other relevant provisions
of the contract; the overall purpose of the clause and the contract; and
commercial common sense (per Lord Neuberger in Arnold v Britton [2015] 2 WLR
1593 at 1599). Mr Courtenay confirmed that the Belizean courts adopted the
same approach to contractual interpretation. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

EHC’s first affidavit, p 29, para 16.

50 Applying the above principles, I found the evidence to be in favour of Prof
Brigg’s analysis: namely, that the seeming inconsistencies in clause 33 were
simply “slips of the pen” in transplanting and editing a type of “forum
selection clause”. In justifying his position, Prof Briggs observed that: 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB’s first affidavit, p 9, para 18.

This explains, among other things (i) the fact that there is a submission to
the court whose jurisdiction has already been chosen, (ii) the waiver of
objections, (iii) a promise not to raise arguments about the chosen court
being an ‘inconvenient forum’, and (iv) the reference to the United Kingdom as
a single law and legal system.

51 I agreed with Prof Briggs. Mr Courtenay opined that the “inclusion” of
references to the UK in clause 33 was unlikely to be a typographical error, as
such references appeared not once, but twice. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

EHC’s first affidavit, p 29, para 18.

With respect, Mr Courtenay did not appear to have considered the possibility
that a “forum selection clause” had been transposed to clause 33, as Prof
Briggs postulated. It appeared to me, therefore, that mentions of the UK
courts in clause 33 were failures of omissions, rather than deliberate
inclusions.

52 The parties acknowledged that the Contract was a standard form contract. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PWS, para 152.5; 1DWS, para 78.

The careless editing of this standard form contract was evident from clause 33
itself, which contained several other obvious typographical errors. For
example, clause 33 stated that “[t]he courts of Belize ware [sic] agreed to
have exclusive jurisdiction …” and that the Contract “waivers [sic] any
objections” [emphasis added] to the use of the UK legal system. Despite these
errors, the meaning of clause 33 would be apparent to any reasonable person –
that parties agreed to litigate any Contract-related disputes in Belize and in
Belize only. The errors in clause 33 did not render the exclusive jurisdiction
clause contained therein so incoherent as to be void for uncertainty.
Rectification would be the more appropriate and less draconian response to
these errors as compared to voiding the clause altogether. As Prof Briggs
noted, not only had something gone wrong with the language in clause 33, it
was “easy to say what that something [was] and what [was] needed to correct
it”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB’s first affidavit, p 10, paras 22–23.

53 In this connection, the approach adopted by the House of Lords in
Chartbrook Ltd v Persimmon Homes Ltd [2009] 1 AC 1101 (“Chartbrook”) was
instructive. In Chartbrook, the House of Lords had to interpret a term in a
contract between land owners and developers which provided for the latter to
pay the former something called an “additional residential payment”. The
developers calculated the sum payable pursuant to this term as £897,051; the
land owners claimed that the sum should be £4,484,862. The land owners sued
for the unpaid balance of the “additional residential payment” which they
claimed was due; the developers counterclaimed for rectification of the
contract to accord with what they claimed to be the parties’ common agreement.
At first instance, the judge found in favour of the land owners’ construction
of the said term; and this finding was upheld by the Court of Appeal. However,
the developers appealed successfully to the House of Lords. In allowing the
appeal, the House of Lords held (at 1112) that although a court would not
easily accept that linguistic mistakes had been made in formal documents, if
the context and the background drove a court to conclude that something had
gone wrong with the language of the contract, the law did not require it to
attribute to the parties an intention which a reasonable person would not have
understood them to have had. Where it was clear that there was a mistake on
the face of the document and what correction ought to be made in order to cure
it, in that it was clear what a reasonable person, having all the background
knowledge which would have been available to the parties, would have
understood the parties to have meant in their use of the language in the
contract, the court was entitled to correct the mistake as a matter of
construction (at 1114). The House of Lords held (at 1132, 1133 and 1135) that
the contractual definition of “additional residential payment” was ambiguous
and obviously defective as a piece of drafting; that there was always a
commercial context to a contract negotiated between businessmen; and that to
construe the definition in accordance with the ordinary rules of syntax made
no commercial sense. Accordingly, taking into consideration the background and
context but not the pre-contractual negotiations, and applying the established
principles of construction, the land owners’ construction could not be upheld;
and the developers’ construction was more appropriate.

54 In following the approach taken in Chartbrook, I was conscious that the
parties’ differing interpretations of clause 33 meant I was essentially faced
with an interpretation which would result in clause 33 being found void and
unenforceable, versus an interpretation which would give effect to the said
clause as an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of Belize (or
alternatively – according to the first defendant – Belize or the UK). In such
a situation, the latter interpretation should surely be preferred: ut res
magis valeat quam pereat; or, as the learned editors of Chitty on Contracts
(Professor Hugh Beale Gen Ed) (Thomson Reuters, 33rd Ed, 2020) put it (at para
13-078):

If the words used in an agreement are susceptible of two meanings, one of
which would validate the instrument or the particular clause in the
instrument, and the other render it void, ineffective or meaningless, the
former sense is to be adopted. …

55 Indeed, it should be pointed out that even Mr Courtenay acknowledged that
the Belizean courts would be most reluctant to void a contractual provision
for uncertainty. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

EHC’s first affidavit, paras 19 and 25.

56 Having found a good arguable case that clause 33 was an exclusive
jurisdiction clause providing for Belize as the exclusive forum, I next
considered the scope of that clause. Clause 33 applied to “any suit, legal
action or proceeding in relation to [the Contract]”. Although, in Prof
McMeel’s opinion, clause 33 had “no or only marginal relevance” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

GPM’s first affidavit, p 52, para 40.

to the plaintiff’s non-contractual claims against the first defendant (in
deceit, misrepresentation, conspiracy, etc), the plaintiff did not pursue this
line of argument in either written or oral submissions.

57 In any event, regardless of how the plaintiff’s non-contractual causes of
action were repackaged, they were undeniably connected to the Contract. In
this connection, counsel for the first/fifth defendant referred me to the
Court of Appeal’s judgment in Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v Silica
Investors Ltd and other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”). In that case,
the plaintiff brought a suit for minority oppression against the defendants
who included the company in which it was a minority shareholder (“AMRG”) as
well as other shareholders of AMRG. The Court of Appeal had to consider
whether the plaintiff’s claims fell within the arbitration clause in the share
sale agreement between the parties, which provided that “any dispute arising
out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding
its existence, validity or termination” was to be referred to and finally
resolved by arbitration in Singapore according to the Arbitration Rules of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre. In considering this issue, the
Court of Appeal made it clear (at [133]) that its task was to “examine the
substance of the controversy without paying undue attention to the details of
how it ha[d] been pleaded”. It held (at [136]) that in so far as the
plaintiff’s claim of minority oppression was based on an alleged understanding
that it would be allowed to participate in the management of AMRG (what the
court termed “the Management Participation Allegation”), the construction of
certain clauses in the share sale agreement would “form an inescapable and
substantial (if not the entire) step in establishing the existence of any
understanding or legitimate expectation of management participation by [the
plaintiff]”. As such, the Management Participation Allegation fell squarely
within the ambit of the arbitration clause.

58 While Tomolugen concerned an application for a stay under s 6(1) of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) based on the arbitration
clause in the parties’ share sale agreement, I derived useful guidance from
the Court of Appeal’s approach. In emphasising the importance of identifying
the substance of the controversy rather than the formal nature of the
proceedings, the court cited (at [124]) Lord Hoffmann’s statement at [13] of
Fiona Trust & Holding Corporation and others v Privalov and others [2007] All
ER 951, inter alia, his observation that the “construction of an arbitration
clause should start from the assumption that the parties, as rational
businessmen, are likely to have intended any dispute arising out of the
relationship into which they have entered or purported to enter to be decided
by the same tribunal”. That observation should, in my view, apply with equal
force in a case such as the present, where parties had entered into a contract
containing an exclusive jurisdiction clause. As rational businessmen, the
parties were likely to have intended that any dispute arising out of their
contractual relationship ought to be decided in the same forum “unless the
language ma[de] it clear that certain questions were intended to be excluded”
from the scope of the exclusive jurisdiction clause.

59 In the present case, the plaintiff’s various causes of action (in deceit,
misrepresentation, conspiracy, etc) were premised on his allegation that
Opteck was a bogus trading platform which used pre-determined data to give the
impression of real-time trading. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 60(6) and 61.

According to the plaintiff, the fact that moneys were credited to his account
and that he was permitted to trade on Opteck despite the freezing of his funds
by the Romanian authorities provided the strongest evidence of the defendants’
fraudulent scheme. In the circumstances, the construction of various clauses
in the Contract clearly formed an inescapable and substantial step in
establishing the credibility of the plaintiff’s claims about the nature of the
Opteck platform, the information provided by it, and the transactions
conducted on it. As counsel for the first and fifth defendants pointed out,
for example, in evaluating the plaintiff’s allegations about the fraudulent
nature of the Opteck trading platform, it would be critical to examine those
contractual clauses providing for Opteck to operate under the B Book (Market
Maker) model (ie, clauses 5 and 6 of the Contract), whereby the first
defendant was to be the counterparty to trades conducted on Opteck and Opteck
maintained an internal “B Book”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

1DWS, para 91(e).

60 For the above reasons, I rejected Prof McMeel’s suggestion that the
exclusive jurisdiction clause in clause 33 had “no or only marginal relevance”
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

GPM’s first affidavit, p 52, para 40.

to the plaintiff’s non-contractual claims against the first defendant. To
reiterate: I found that there was a good arguable case that clause 33
constituted a valid exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the courts of
Belize, and that the various causes of action relied on by the plaintiff
(contractual and non-contractual) fell well within the scope of this clause.

Did the plaintiff show strong cause or exceptional reasons for being released
from his contractual obligations under the exclusive jurisdiction clause?

61 It followed from the above findings that the plaintiff was bound by his
contractual commitment to litigate in Belize, rather than in Singapore, unless
he could demonstrate “strong cause” amounting to exceptional circumstances why
he should be allowed to resile from his contractual obligations: Grains and
Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd and another v State Bank of India and
others [2019] SGHC 292 (“Grains”) at [70]–[71].

The applicable legal principles

62 In analysing if a plaintiff such as the present plaintiff has shown strong
cause, the following factors are relevant (Shanghai Turbo Enterprises Ltd v
Liu Ming [2019] 1 SLR 779 (“Shanghai Turbo”) at [94]):

(a) in what country the evidence on the issues of fact is situated or more
readily available, and the effect of that on the relative convenience and
expense of trial as between the Singapore and Belize courts;

(b) whether the governing law is a foreign law and, if so, whether it differs
from Singapore law materially;

(c) with what country either party is connected and, if so, how closely;

(d) whether the defendants genuinely desire trial in Belize or are merely
seeking procedural advantages; and

(e) whether the plaintiff would be prejudiced by having to sue in the Belize
courts because, inter alia, he would have to confront a time bar that would
not be applicable in Singapore.

63 It bears emphasis that in a case involving an exclusive jurisdiction
clause, the court is not concerned with balancing the conveniences or deciding
which of two fora is the more convenient forum – rather, the question is why
the plaintiff should be relieved of his contractual obligation to bring his
action in the foreign jurisdiction (The “Vishva Apurva” [1992] 1 SLR(R) 912
(“The ‘Vishva Apurva’”) at [22]). As the Court of Appeal noted in Shanghai
Turbo at [88(a)], it will generally be difficult for a party to show strong
cause. Factors of convenience which were foreseeable at the time of
contracting (save in exceptional circumstances involving the interests of
justice) will not suffice; neither will the usual connecting factors set out
in Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd [1087] AC 460 (“Spiliada”):
Shanghai Turbo at [88(a)] and [89].

The prospect of the plaintiff’s claims in Belize being time-barred

64 The plaintiff’s submissions revolved primarily around the contention that
if he were not permitted to litigate in Singapore, his claims in Belize would
likely be entirely time-barred and irremediable prejudice would result. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PWS, paras 80.3, 81 and 153.

In my view, however, the prospect of the plaintiff’s claims being time-barred
failed to satisfy the threshold of a “strong cause” entitling him to renege on
his obligations under the exclusive jurisdiction clause of the Contract.

65 First, there was no basis for the plaintiff’s contention that all of his
claims in Belize would likely be time-barred. By the plaintiff’s own account,
the entire reason for his filing of the “protective writ” in Belize was
precisely to “ensure that [he] will not be foreclosed from seeking justice …
due to any limitation period”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 206.

In oral submissions, counsel for the plaintiff conceded that the “protective
writ” preserved at least some of the plaintiff’s causes of action in the
Belize courts: the plaintiff was “not fully shut out on all [his] causes of
action in Belize” as he could still sue on causes of action that accrued after
13 December 2013 – including, in particular, the alleged loss of US$12.14m on
17 December 2013. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 26 June 2020, 19:11–24 and 20:22–21:10.

66 Second, time bar per se did not amount to an exceptional circumstance that
justified releasing the plaintiff from his contractual obligation to litigate
in Belize instead of in Singapore. As noted in Halsbury’s at para 75.121:

… If the party seeking trial in the forum shows that the lapse (ie, the
failure to take out a protective writ in the chosen forum) was a reasonable
one in the circumstances, then he can rely on the time-bar to show exceptional
circumstances why the trial should proceed in the forum where his action is
not barred. However, if the party had acted unreasonably in allowing the time
limitation to lapse in the chosen jurisdiction, the time-bar is merely a
neutral factor. … The party seeking to rely on the time bar in the contractual
forum needs to show very compelling reasons why it did not file a protective
writ in the contractual forum. It should be born in mind that the parties must
be taken to have agreed to the time bar that will be applied by the agreed
forum …

67 Even assuming that the plaintiff’s claims in Belize would be time-barred,
such a result would be entirely of his own doing. The plaintiff filed his
“protective writ” in Belize only in December 2019. This was some 20 months
after he had applied for leave to join the sixth defendant as a defendant to
these proceedings, and nearly two years after his commencement of Suit 34
against the first to fifth defendants. No coherent explanation was been
provided as to why he could not have filed a protective writ in Belize – or
even in England or in Romania – prior to December 2019.

68 The plaintiff sought to impugn the defendants’ conduct as the cause of the
delay in these proceedings, claiming that the defendants were to blame for his
being (allegedly) at risk of having no recourse in the Belizean courts. I
rejected these submissions as being self-serving and entirely baseless. From
the undisputed history of Suit 34, it was plain that these proceedings had
been unduly protracted due to the plaintiff’s own stalling tactics. For
example:

(a) After the plaintiff commenced the suit in January 2017, there was a long
period of inactivity on his part as he engaged in settlement talks with the
first and fifth defendants and apparently even toyed with the idea of
discontinuing the suit.

(b) The plaintiff applied for leave to include the sixth defendant as a party
to these proceedings only in April 2018, more than a year after commencing
Suit 34. He then took about nine months to effect service (which is disputed)
on the sixth defendant in January 2019.

(c) A regular feature of Suit 34 was the plaintiff’s multiple requests for
additional time. He sought repeated and lengthy extensions of time for various
steps required in the proceedings, from the filing of his List of Documents to
the filing of various reply affidavits, as well as affidavits of evidence-in-
chief (“AEICs”). The numerous delays on the plaintiff’s part led the court to
remark sternly on one occasion in December 2018 that “[t]his has dragged on
for a very long time”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

BYZ’s third affidavit, para 11(3) and p 33.

Even then, the court’s admonition did nothing to improve the plaintiff’s sense
of urgency. On more than one occasion, he asked for hearing or trial dates to
be adjourned, vacated, or pushed back. For example, at a pre-trial conference
(“PTC”) on 26 March 2019 (more than two years after the filing of Suit 34),
the court had proposed that the trial be held in May 2019, with the AEICs to
be filed by April 2019. However, the plaintiff requested eight weeks to file
AEICs; and trial dates were pushed back to October 2019. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

BYZ’s third affidavit, para 15(5) and pp 41–43.

As it turned out, the trial did not proceed in October 2019 either, because at
a PTC on 17 July 2019, the court was informed by the plaintiff’s counsel that
AEICs had not been filed and that an extension of six weeks (to 27 August
2019) was required for this to be done. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

BYZ’s third affidavit, para 15(5) and pp 45–46.

Then, in February 2020, the plaintiff claimed that his forensics expert should
be given more time to “complete his investigations” and to finalise his
preliminary report 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 171.

– even though he had relied on this preliminary report in as early as January
2017. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, para 40.

In April 2020, the plaintiff applied for leave to file additional affidavits
at the eleventh hour.

69 The above is by no means an exhaustive list of the various ways in which
the plaintiff has been dilatory in the conduct of these proceedings. The
protracted delay in these proceedings has been the plaintiff’s fault and his
alone.

70 Third, I considered it unjust to allow the plaintiff to be released from
his obligations under the exclusive jurisdiction clause on the grounds that
his claims in Belize might be time-barred, as this would, in essence, “deprive
the [first] defendant of an accrued defence in the chosen forum”: Dicey,
Morris and Collins on the Conflict of Laws (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th ed, 2018)
(“Dicey and Morris”) at paras 12-037 and 12-154. The plaintiff’s argument was
even more unmeritorious when one considered that the present case involved a
contractually agreed forum under the exclusive jurisdiction clause – it was
even more incumbent on the plaintiff to make an effort to protect his legal
position in the forum that parties had expressly chosen. Instead of doing so,
he had chosen to hedge his bets by forum-shopping, filing criminal complaints
in multiple jurisdictions (Romania and Singapore) and civil writs in others
(Singapore, then belatedly Belize), while making claims about his intention to
pursue various other courses of action such as requesting “remedies … from the
English courts” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, p 493, para 451.

and “entering into an exclusive choice of jurisdiction agreement with the
[d]efendants with a view of naming Singapore and the [Singapore International
Commercial Court] as the jurisdiction and forum”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

BYZ’s third affidavit, p 22.

71 With respect, therefore, it did not lie in the plaintiff’s mouth to lament
that irremediable prejudice would result from the prospect of his claims being
time-barred in Belize. He wilfully chose not to litigate in the contractually
agreed forum, failed even to issue a protective writ in Belize timeously, and
instead gambled on the chance that the Singapore courts would overlook his
forum-shopping and allow him to litigate here. That gamble has not paid off,
and the plaintiff has only himself to blame if he ultimately winds up unable
to pursue his claims.

The plaintiff’s residence in Singapore

72 The plaintiff’s only other recourse in trying to show strong cause for non-
compliance with clause 33 was to harp on the fact that he was resident in
Singapore. I did not view his residence here as an exceptional circumstance
that justified his reneging on clause 33. While his place of residence might
be a general connecting factor under the Spiliada ([63] supra) test, as
mentioned at [63] above, a Spiliada connecting factor would generally not
amount to strong cause. In any event, it was not disputed that the key
transactions in this case took place online: as counsel for the first and
fifth defendants put it, the plaintiff could have been anywhere in the world
when he entered into the Contract, transferred funds to the first defendant,
and carried out trades on the Opteck platform. In a modern commercial dispute
such as this, a party’s current domicile “will provide little guidance to the
natural forum”, particularly for an individual like the plaintiff who is a
“well-heeled” individual with likely a “high degree of mobility”: Halsbury’s
at para 75.091; Rappo, Tania v Accent Delight International Ltd and another
and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 265 (“Rappo”) at [71].

Summary

73 In summary, I found that the first defendant had at least a good arguable
case that clause 33 contained an applicable exclusive jurisdiction clause in
favour of the Belizean courts. I also found that the plaintiff was unable to
show strong cause for being relieved of his contractual obligation under
clause 33.

74 In light of my findings, it was unnecessary for me to consider the first
defendant’s alternative interpretation of clause 33 as providing for the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of either Belize or the UK.

Was Singapore the proper forum for the plaintiff’s claims against the fifth
and sixth defendants?

The applicable legal principles

75 In respect of the fifth and the sixth defendants, the parties were agreed
that the applicable test for determining the natural forum of the dispute was
the two-stage test set out in Spiliada ([63] supra), as confirmed by the Court
of Appeal in, eg, Zoom Communications ([37] supra) at [30].

76 The first issue to be determined under the Spiliada ([63] supra) test is
whether there is prima facie some other available forum where it is more
appropriate that the case be tried (“Stage One”): Rickshaw Investments Ltd and
another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“Rickshaw”) at [14].
The legal burden of proving that Singapore is the proper forum lies on the
defendant at this stage: CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd [2008] 4
SLR(R) 543 at [26]. At Stage One, the court considers the connecting factors
that link the dispute with the competing jurisdictions, which include (Rappo
([72] supra) at [71]; Grains ([61] supra) at [67]):

(a) the personal connections of the parties and the witnesses, including the
compellability of witnesses;

(b) the connections to relevant events and transactions;

(c) the applicable law of the dispute;

(d) the existence of proceedings elsewhere, which could result in inconsistent
judgments and duplication of resources; and

(e) the “shape of the litigation”, ie, the manner in which the claim and the
defence have been pleaded.

77 The above connecting factors do not carry equal weight. Instead, the court
should accord greater weight to those factors that are likely to be material
to the fair determination of the dispute, having regard to the circumstances
of the case: Ivanishvili ([45] supra) at [83]. The search is for the
connecting factors which have the “most relevant and substantial associations”
with the dispute at hand: Rappo ([72] supra) at [70].

78 At the second stage of the inquiry, the court is concerned with whether
justice requires that it exercise its jurisdiction even if it is not the prima
facie natural forum (“Stage Two”): Halsbury’s at para 75.096. In particular,
the burden lies on the plaintiff to establish cogently that he will be denied
“substantial justice” if the case is not heard in that forum: JIO Minerals FZC
and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 391 (“JIO Minerals”) at [38]
and [43]. In the recent decision of Oro Negro Drilling Pte Ltd and others v
Integradora de Servicios Petroleros Oro Negro SAPI de CV and others and
another appeal (Jesus Angel Guerra Mendez, non-party) [2020] 1 SLR 226 (“Oro
Negro”), however, the Court of Appeal remarked (at [80(d)]) that it was an
“open question” whether Stage Two is applicable in the context of leave
applications for service outside jurisdiction.

Stage One: analysis of the connecting factors

Connections to relevant events and the applicable law

79 I analysed these two connecting factors in conjunction as I found them to
be closely related. I concluded that these connecting factors strongly tied
the dispute to Belize instead of Singapore, and I accorded them significant
weight.

80 The thrust of the plaintiff’s claims against the fifth and sixth defendants
was for unlawful means conspiracy to defraud him. The starting presumption in
relation to tortious claims is that the place where the tort occurred is prima
facie the natural forum for determining that tortious claim: Oro Negro at
[90]. The place of the tort was not immediately apparent in the present case,
as the constituent acts of the alleged unlawful means conspiracy spanned
multiple jurisdictions (eg, Romania and the UK). However, I did not need to
ascertain the place of the conspiracy: I found that the plaintiff’s tortious
claim was so intimately connected to his contractual claim that Belizean law,
which governed the Contract, also applied to the plaintiff’s tortious claim.

81 The two authorities which the defendants cited – Oro Negro and Trafigura
Beheer BV v Kookmin Bank Co [2006] EWHC 1450 (“Trafigura”) – were instructive.
In Oro Negro, the appellants (a group of Singapore-incorporated companies)
commenced proceedings against the respondents who comprised the appellants’
former directors and parent company. The appellants’ tortious claims against
the respondents included unlawful means conspiracy and inducement of breach of
contract. The Court of Appeal found (at [90]) that as the alleged torts had
occurred in Mexico, Mexico was prima facie the natural forum for the
appellants’ tortious claims. However, the Court of Appeal held (at [91]) that
this starting point was displaced as “the underlying acts that allegedly
attracted tortious liability arose from the breaches of the appellants’
constitutions”: as the tortious claims were “parasitic” on the non-tortious
claims, the two “inextricably linked issues” ought to be determined in a
single forum.

82 Trafigura, on the other hand, concerned a dispute over a letter of credit
issued by the defendant, a Korean bank, to the claimant company. The defendant
contended that the claimant, as the beneficiary under the letter of credit,
had breached the terms of the letter of credit as well as its tortious duty
not to jeopardise the security interest in certain cargo. The court held that
although most of the significant elements of the tort had occurred in
Singapore, the applicable law governing the tortious claim was English law. In
so concluding, the court reasoned that:

… the most significant factor that relates to the two parties is the pre-
existing relationship of the [letter of credit]. Without that pre-existing
contractual relationship, [the defendant] cannot create the necessary
connection between itself, as issuing bank, and [the claimant], as beneficiary
under the [letter of credit], so as to give rise to the duties that [the
defendant] says are owed to it by [the claimant] under Korean law. That factor
connects the alleged tort to England because English law is the governing law
of the pre-existing contractual relationship between the parties.

[emphasis added]

83 In the instant case, the plaintiff’s tortious claim was parasitic on the
Contract in several ways. The Contract formed the basis for the plaintiff’s
use of the Opteck platform, which platform was the primary conduit by which
the defendants were alleged to have perpetrated their conspiracy. In this
regard, I was guided by the approach that Aikens J adopted in Trafigura in
considering the events that set the tortious claim into motion. In Trafigura,
the letter of credit (out of which the tortious claim arose) “only came into
existence” by virtue of a sale contract, which was governed by English law and
contained an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the English courts.
Similarly, had the present plaintiff not e-signed the Contract, he would not
have been able to use the Opteck platform, and there would have been no
conspiracy against him to speak of. Per the SOC (Amendment No. 2), the acts
that constituted and/or were carried out in furtherance of the alleged
conspiracy all arose from and occurred after the plaintiff’s signing of the
Contract. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 59–60.

In fact, according to the plaintiff’s own pleaded case, the defendants’ act of
encouraging him to invest substantial moneys was relevant to both his
conspiracy and contractual claims. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 60(5) and 70.

84 The Contract also created the “necessary connection” between the plaintiff
on the one hand and the fifth and sixth defendants on the other. The fifth and
sixth defendants’ involvement in Suit 34 was primarily based on their
ownership (actual and alleged, respectively) of the first defendant, whom the
plaintiff claimed had received the moneys he deposited. The Contract created
the pre-existing contractual relationship between the plaintiff and the first
defendant, and that contractual relationship in turn formed the basis for the
fifth and sixth defendants’ roles in the alleged conspiracy.

85 Furthermore, the present dispute inevitably concerned the terms of the
Contract. As stated at [8] above, the Contract expressly warned that trading
on the Opteck platform was a high-risk financial activity and disclaimed
liability on the first defendant’s part for any losses incurred by trading on
the Opteck platform. Key to the plaintiff’s tortious claim were his assertions
to the contrary – that the second defendant had sweettalked him into believing
that binary options trading carried minimal risks, and that the defendants
ought to be liable for the losses he had sustained. Weighing these
considerations in totality, I considered that the contractual matrix
underlying the plaintiff’s conspiracy claim pointed towards Belizean law (ie,
the governing law of the Contract) as the applicable law for the conspiracy
claim. It would be preferable for the Belizean courts rather than the
Singaporean courts to apply Belizean law; the Belizean courts would
undoubtedly be more adept at applying their own law, and such an arrangement
would also be more expedient (Rickshaw ([76] supra) at [42]); also Siemens AG
v Holdrich Investments Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1007 at [16]. I therefore held that at
Stage One of the Spiliada ([63] supra) analysis, the proper forum for the
plaintiff’s conspiracy claim was Belize.

86 In respect of the plaintiff’s equitable claim, this arose out of the same
factual matrix as his tortious and contractual claims. His equitable claim was
founded on the defendants’ alleged advice to him to invest US$18m in binary
options, on breach of the “no profit” rule, and on “knowing receipt” of the
US$11.55m that he had remitted to the Volksbank Account. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 70–71; CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 225.

These allegations stemmed from the very same facts as those which grounded the
plaintiff’s tortious claim, and which I concluded (at [85] above) was governed
by Belizean law. More pertinently, the defendants’ alleged equitable duties to
the plaintiff also “[arose] from a factual matrix where the legal foundation
[was] premised on … contract” (ie, the Contract): see [83]–[85] above and
Rickshaw ([76] supra) at [81]. Consequently, the applicable law for the
plaintiff’s equitable claim should be Belizean law (ie, the governing law of
the Contract), and this significantly militated in favour of Belize as the
natural forum to determine the equitable claim (Rickshaw at [42] and [81]).

87 It would not be desirable for the plaintiff’s contractual and/or tortious
claims to be heard in Belize while his equitable claim was heard in Singapore.
Where claims “arise from the same factual matrix” and “involve a determination
of the same central issues”, they ought to be heard in the same jurisdiction
to minimise the risk of inconsistent findings and to avoid duplication of
resources: Rappo ([72] supra) at [106]. For these reasons, although the fifth
and sixth defendants were not party to the Contract, the exclusive
jurisdiction clause therein was still a persuasive reason why the plaintiff’s
equitable claim should be heard by the Belizean courts in accordance with
Belizean law. The plaintiff’s equitable claim was closely connected to the
Contract, and it would not be conducive to the interests of justice for the
litigation to be fragmented across multiple jurisdictions.

88 Finally, the plaintiff’s own conduct suggested that he himself did not
believe Singapore to be the natural forum. As mentioned, he filed a
“protective writ” in Belize to preserve his causes of action there. On the
other hand, the criminal complaint he filed with the Romanian authorities on
22 July 2014 stated, inter alia, that an “act of instigation” or an “act of
complicity” had been “committed in the Romanian territory”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, p 494.

I also agreed with defence counsel that had the plaintiff truly regarded
Singapore as the proper forum, he would not have informed the court in July
2017 (after filing the writ) that he was “considering [the] option of entering
into an exclusive choice of jurisdiction agreement with the [d]efendants with
a view of naming Singapore … as the jurisdiction and forum”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

BYZ’s third affidavit, p 22.

The availability of witnesses and documents

89 In respect of the availability of witnesses and documents, on the facts of
this case, these connecting factors had little bearing on the question of the
natural forum. In terms of witnesses, only the plaintiff was resident in
Singapore. The defendants were located in the UK and Israel. Many of the
potential witnesses – such as the bank officials of Volksbank (Romania), the
expert witnesses on English and Belizean law, and finance experts – were or
would likely be located outside of Singapore.

90 As for the documents material to the present dispute, they were either
easily transportable between jurisdictions (eg, the Contract – see John
Reginald Stott Kirkham and others v Trane US Inc and others [2009] 4 SLR(R)
428 at [40]), or would more readily be obtained outside of Singapore (eg, the
paper trail of the Frozen Moneys and correspondence with the Romanian
authorities would likely be more easily disclosed in Romania). I therefore
regarded the availability of witnesses and documents as neutral factors.

Stage Two: whether the plaintiff would be denied substantial justice in Belize

91 As I noted at [78], it remains an open question whether Stage Two is
applicable in cases involving leave for service out of jurisdiction.
Nevertheless, in the present case I considered Stage Two for the sake of
completeness. The plaintiff relied chiefly on the possibility of his claims
being time-barred in Belize to argue that he would not be able to obtain
substantial justice there. For the reasons stated at [65]–[71] above, I
decided that if Stage Two of the Spiliada test did apply, the plaintiff had
also failed to establish that he would be denied substantial justice in
Belize. I make three points in this regard.

92 First, the fact that the Belize courts would be more suited than the
Singapore courts for the task of applying Belize law constituted, in my view,
a factor that increased the likelihood of the plaintiff obtaining substantial
justice. Although the governing law of the Contract has already been
considered at Stage One of the analysis, Stage Two requires all circumstances
to be taken into consideration, “including factors already taken into
consideration in Stage One” (Halsbury’s at para 75.096). I was thus not
precluded from having regard to this material circumstance again in Stage Two.

93 Second, the plaintiff failed to produce “cogent evidence” (JIO Minerals
([78] supra) at [43]) that he would not be able to obtain substantial justice
in Belize. As his counsel admitted before me, he was “not fully shut out on
all [his] causes of action in Belize” owing to the “protective writ” that he
had filed in Belize in December 2019. In other words, there was a real chance
that the plaintiff would be able to pursue at least some of his claims in
Belize. I did not treat “substantial justice” as being synonymous with the
plaintiff’s entitlement to pursue all his claims in Belize; and certainly he
did not put forward any authorities to persuade me that this should be the
position.

94 Third, even if some or all of the plaintiff’s claims in Belize turned out
to be time-barred, I considered that to be the very justice of the case. As
the editors of Dicey and Morris have noted (at para 12-155), it “may be a rare
case in which the claimant is able to say that allowing time to run in an
expressly-chosen court was not unreasonable”. In this case, given the
plaintiff’s forum-shopping and the brazen delays in his conduct of these
proceedings (see [68]–[71] above), he could not claim to have acted reasonably
in allowing time to run in Belize.

95 Finally, in so far as the plaintiff sought to suggest that the Singapore
courts afforded certain juridical advantages which the Belize courts did not
(eg, in terms of the scope of discovery and the use of technology), such
suggestions did not assist his case. As the Court of Appeal noted in Rappo
([72] supra) at [109], any such “differences in procedure and remedies will
generally be irrelevant, and not having the benefit of the procedures or
remedies of the forum will not by itself amount to denial of substantial
justice”.

Summary

96 To sum up: an examination of the connecting factors at Stage One of the
Spiliada ([63] supra) test pointed to Belize, not Singapore, as the proper
forum for the plaintiff’s claims against the fifth and sixth defendants. I
also found that the plaintiff had failed to establish that he would be denied
substantial justice in Belize. Whatever grievances the plaintiff might have
against the fifth and sixth defendants, they ought properly to be aired in
Belize, not Singapore.

Did the plaintiff establish a good arguable case that his claims fell within O
11 r 1 of the ROC?

The applicable legal principles

97 On behalf of the first, fifth and sixth defendants, it was further
submitted that the plaintiff should not have been given leave for service out
of jurisdiction under O 11 r 1 of the ROC. It is trite that a plaintiff who
seeks leave for service out of jurisdiction needs to meet the standard of a
“good arguable case” that one or more limbs under O 11 r 1 has been satisfied
– in other words, that he has “the better of the argument”: Shanghai Turbo
([62] supra) at [49]; Vinmar ([40] supra) at [45]. Having considered the
affidavit evidence and parties’ submissions, I concluded that the plaintiff
was unable to establish a good arguable case under any of the limbs of O 11 r
1 that he purported to rely on.

Order 11 r 1(d)(i) of the ROC

98 Order 11 r 1(d)(i) of the ROC concerns claims brought in relation to a
contract or breach thereof, where the contract was made in Singapore or was
made as a result of an essential step being taken in Singapore.

99 The plaintiff posited that the present case involved two types of
contracts: (a) the Contract; and (b) individual “Financial Contracts” made
when each binary order trade was performed. He argued that as the plaintiff
had executed each contract in Singapore, they were contracts “made in
Singapore” and/or “made as a result of an essential step being taken in
Singapore”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PWS, paras 135–141.

100 On a preliminary note, I was not persuaded by the plaintiff’s belated
argument that these proceedings related to the “Financial Contracts”. These
“Financial Contracts” were mentioned for the first time in the plaintiff’s
written submissions (filed on 11 June 2020) in relation to SUM 5512 and SUM
5513: they were not pleaded nor even mentioned in the affidavit filed by the
plaintiff (on 4 February 2020) in relation to the two summonses. Nevertheless,
even taking the “Financial Contracts” into consideration for the sake of
argument, I found that O 11 r 1(d)(i) of the ROC was not made out.

101 Order 11 r 1(d)(i) of the ROC was plainly inapplicable as against the
fifth and sixth defendants, who were not party to the Contract and the
purported “Financial Contracts”. As against the first defendant, I was not
persuaded that the plaintiff had the better of the argument that the Contract
and/or the “Financial Contracts” were “made in Singapore”. Where an offer is
made and accepted over the telephone, a contract is formed at the place where
the offeror “receives the notification of acceptance by the offeree”:
Transniko Pte Ltd v Communication Technology Sdn Bhd [1995] 3 SLR(R) 941 at
[17]. Applying the same logic to the present case, it would suggest that the
Contract and “Financial Contracts” were made in Belize, where the plaintiff’s
acceptances were received by the first defendant. In any event, and as the
fifth defendant pointed out, the plaintiff did not adduce any evidence to show
that he was actually in Singapore when he e-signed the Contract and when he
made each trade on the Opteck platform.

102 The plaintiff also tried to rely on his pre-trading Skype conversations
with the second defendant as an “essential step” taken in Singapore for the
purposes of O 11 r 1(d)(i) of the ROC. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PWS, para 139.

However, this argument was an obvious non-starter in relation to the Contract,
which predated the plaintiff’s introduction to the second defendant; the
Contract could not possibly have been made “as a result” of the plaintiff’s
Skype conversations with the second defendant. In addition, O 11 r 1(d)(i)
makes it clear that the “essential step” must have been taken in Singapore –
but the second defendant was based in the UK at all material times. It was
perhaps for this reason that the plaintiff contended that the “essential step”
taken in Singapore was his “receiving” the second defendant’s
misrepresentations via Skype, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 215.

rather than the second defendant’s making of such misrepresentations. With
respect, such an argument would require much straining of the imagination
before one could accept that the receipt of misrepresentations could amount to
the taking of an “essential step”. I rejected this argument as being devoid of
merit.

Order 11 rr 1(f)(i) and 1(f)(ii) of the ROC

103 For O 11 r 1(f)(i) of the ROC to be satisfied, the claim must be founded
on a tort which is at least partly constituted by an act or omission occurring
in Singapore. On the other hand, the lynchpin of O 11 r 1(f)(ii) of the ROC is
that damage was suffered in Singapore and was caused by a tortious act or
omission wherever occurring.

104 Turning first to O 11 r 1(f)(i) of the ROC, the plaintiff was unable to
show a good arguable case that the alleged unlawful means conspiracy comprised
acts or omissions occurring in Singapore. According to the plaintiff’s written
submissions, the “core wrongs” of the defendants included: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PWS, para 128.

(a) collectively devising a scheme to influence the plaintiff’s trading
patterns on the Opteck platform;

(b) manipulating the Opteck platform and controlling the plaintiff’s trades;

(c) misappropriating the plaintiff’s money; and

(d) inducing the plaintiff to transfer increased sums to the Volksbank
Account.

105 None of the aforementioned constituent acts of the alleged conspiracy
occurred in Singapore.

106 A closer look at the matters pleaded in the SOC (Amendment No. 2) in
relation to the alleged conspiracy yielded the same result. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 59–60.

The Volksbank Account was opened and operated in Romania, and any
misappropriation of the moneys in that account would not have occurred in
Singapore. Any wrongdoing by the second defendant, eg, using the TeamViewer
software to manipulate the plaintiff’s computer and making various
misrepresentations to induce the plaintiff to invest or deposit huge sums of
money, would have taken place in the UK where he was said to be based. It was
also undisputed that the first defendant operated the Opteck platform in
Belize, not Singapore, and that the fifth and sixth defendants were based in
Israel at the material time. On the basis of the plaintiff’s own pleadings,
therefore, there was no good arguable case that O 11 r 1(f)(i) of the ROC had
been made out.

107 As for O 11 r 1(f)(ii) of the ROC, I likewise found that the plaintiff did
not have the better of the argument that he had suffered damage in Singapore.
The key losses pleaded were the sums of US$1,326,239.85 (in relation to the
liquidation of the plaintiff’s LinkedIn shares – see [19] above) and US$11.55m
(ie, the amount transferred to the Volksbank Account). Any losses in relation
to the liquidation of the LinkedIn shares would appear to have been sustained
in the United States. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, p 265.

I also noted that the plaintiff’s claim for losses of US$11.55m included the
sum of approximately US$1.23m which he acknowledged had been returned to him.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 162.

No satisfactory explanation was provided for the inclusion of this returned
amount in his claim for losses; and I was obliged to agree with the defendants
that it appeared to be an unprincipled attempt by the plaintiff to acquire for
himself a windfall. In any event, any damage suffered in relation to the
US$11.55m would more likely have occurred in Romania, where the plaintiff’s
moneys were frozen and allegedly misappropriated. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 59(3).

O 11 r 1(f)(ii) of the ROC was therefore not satisfied.

Order 11 r 1(o) of the ROC

108 Order 11 r 1(o) of the ROC imposes conjunctive requirements that (a) the
claim is a restitutionary one or against a defendant as trustee or fiduciary;
and (b) the defendant’s alleged liability arises out of any act done in
Singapore. The plaintiff’s reliance on this limb was patently misguided. It
was not at all apparent from his pleadings and his affidavit evidence why the
first, fifth or sixth defendants should be regarded as having acted as his
trustees or fiduciaries. Indeed, in his written submissions, the plaintiff
asserted that the second to fourth defendants owed him fiduciary duties. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PWS, para 145.

The fifth and sixth defendants barely had a relationship with the plaintiff,
much less a relationship of “trust and confidence”, which is the cornerstone
of a fiduciary relationship (Bristol and West Building Society v Mothew [1998]
1 Ch 18). As for the first defendant, the Contract expressly cautioned that
all transactions were carried out at the plaintiff’s own risk (see [8(b)] and
[8(c)] above). Furthermore, any liability on the defendants’ part could not
have arisen out of acts done in Singapore as they remained overseas at all
material times.

Order 11 r 1(p) of the ROC

109 This limb is applicable where a claim is founded on a cause of action
arising in Singapore. I have set out the plaintiff’s causes of action at [30]
above. For the reasons provided at [104]–[107], the plaintiff’s pleaded causes
of action of unlawful means conspiracy, misrepresentation, deceit and undue
influence did not arise in Singapore; neither did the plaintiff’s contractual
claim (see [101]–[102] above). That left the plaintiff’s restitutionary claim.
Any alleged breaches of fiduciary duty by the defendants could not have arisen
in Singapore as they were overseas at all material times, and the plaintiff’s
moneys of US$11.55m were received in Romania, not Singapore. In the
circumstances, there was no basis for the plaintiff’s reliance on O 11 r 1(p)
of the ROC.

Summary

110 To sum up: I found that the plaintiff had failed to establish a good
arguable case that any of the grounds under O 11 r 1 of the ROC were made out.
Accordingly, I set aside the orders for service of the writ on the first,
fifth and sixth defendants out of jurisdiction. Given my findings, it was not
strictly necessary for me to consider if the plaintiff had established a
serious issue to be tried. I also considered this in the interests of
completeness and set out my conclusions below.

Was there a serious issue to be tried?

The plaintiff’s claims against the first and fifth defendants

111 Fraud lay at the heart of the plaintiff’s claims against all the
defendants. The plaintiff claimed not only that the defendants had defrauded
him, but that they had done so in concert by means of an elaborate and
carefully devised scheme conducted across multiple countries with the aid of a
dummy trading platform.

112 The plaintiff’s allegations of fraud were mainly premised on:

(a) the advice of one Mr Alireza Fazeli Nasab (“Mr Alireza”), an information
technology forensics expert, who reviewed the plaintiff’s recordings of his
trading sessions on his computer (see [13] above) and concluded that “pre-
determined data on simulated screens was used so as to create real time
trading”; 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

CYHC’s first affidavit, para 40.

(b) the fact that he could trade on his moneys even though they had been
seized by the Romanian authorities; 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 113.

(c) “errors” and “glitches” that he encountered when trading on the Opteck
platform; 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, paras 55, 150 and 152.

and

(d) the fact that his telegraphic transfer of US$5m (on 20 November 2013) was
quickly credited to his Opteck account the very next day. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, paras 98–101.

113 Despite relying on Mr Alireza’s advice in denouncing the Opteck platform
as a dummy trading platform, the plaintiff did not produce in evidence a copy
of Mr Alireza’s advice. Instead, Mr Alireza’s report was produced by the fifth
defendant as an annex to the plaintiff’s criminal complaint of 22 July 2014 to
the Romanian authorities. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

BYZ’s first affidavit, pp 48–57.

When the fifth defendant challenged the accuracy of and assumptions
undergirding Mr Alireza’s report, the plaintiff rapidly backpedalled, claiming
instead that Mr Alireza’s report was merely a “preliminary” report pending
completion of his “investigations”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 171.

This was an excuse which struck me as being glib and disingenuous. Six years
after the plaintiff made a criminal complaint to the Romanian authorities, Mr
Alireza’s report remains as tentative as ever. The plaintiff subsequently
engaged a forensic accountant, Mr Wan Yew Fai (“Mr Wan”), to assess “whether
the strike price, outcome and payout/loss for trades” made on the plaintiff’s
Opteck account were “consistent with comparative data obtained from the
Bloomberg Terminal”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Affidavit of Wan Yew Fai dated 31 January 2020 (“WYF’s first affidavit”), p
12, para 5.

But Mr Wan’s “preliminary” report is subject to similar qualifications: at the
time of his report, he had “not yet completed the assessment for all the
trades” made on the plaintiff’s Opteck account; he is not an expert in options
trading; and he could not provide an opinion on whether the trading strategies
adopted for trades made on the plaintiff’s Opteck account “were legitimate
and/or sensible”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

WYF’s first affidavit, p 19, paras 30–31.

114 The plaintiff also sought to cast his ability to trade on the Frozen
Moneys in a sinister light. However, the first and fifth defendants’ expert,
Dr Tal Mofkadi, explained that “trading while actual funds are frozen is not
indicative of fraud” – it is “common practice” for firms to credit their
clients bonuses over their actual deposits, such that clients can trade on the
bonuses reflected in their online account ledgers, even though those moneys
are not actually in their bank accounts. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Affidavit of Tal Mofkadi dated 26 March 2020, p 15, para 19.

It was for this reason that US$5.5m was credited to the plaintiff’s Opteck
account in early December 2013, even though the first defendant had not yet
received those moneys from him. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, para 91.

As counsel for the first/fifth defendants noted, clause 6 of the Contract in
fact provides for such a practice and draws a distinction between (a) moneys
transferred to the first defendant, and (b) moneys in a customer’s trading
account ledger. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

1DWS, para 158; CYHC’s first affidavit, p 28, cl 6.

115 As for the “errors” and “glitches” on the Opteck platform that purportedly
caused the plaintiff’s trades to “disappear”, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 152.

the evidence prima facie showed that those “disappearing” trades had in fact
gone through smoothly. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, para 150(4)(b).

Neither Mr Alireza nor Mr Wan commented on what those “glitches” meant for the
authenticity (or lack thereof) of the plaintiff’s trades.

116 I also gave short shrift to the plaintiff’s complaint that his telegraphic
transfer of US$5m (on 20 November 2013) was quickly credited to his Opteck
trading account the very next day as “part of the [d]efendants’ scheme to
cause [him] loss”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 101.

The first defendant’s bank statement showed that the US$5m was received in the
Volksbank Account on 20 November 2013 itself; however, as that transfer was
made close to or after business hours, it was only registered in the
plaintiff’s Opteck account the next day. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

BYZ’s fourth affidavit, p 173 and para 150(3).

This was thus no basis for asserting dishonesty on the defendants’ part; and
the plaintiff himself acknowledged implicitly that he was really grasping at
straws (“I appreciate that I am inferring about this fact” [emphasis added]).
133

##### Foot Note 133

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 102.

117 In the premises, I found that the plaintiff’s story about a conspiracy by
the defendants to defraud him was simply that – a story, cooked up in a
desperate attempt to recoup his losses. In addition to the points traversed
above, I make the following other observations. First, integral to the alleged
conspiracy was the second defendant’s gaining the plaintiff’s trust. Yet just
a month after signing the Contract, the plaintiff suffered losses of US$37,000
that prompted him to withdraw the balance in his Opteck account as he was
“shaken and wanted out”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, p 430, para 46.

He subsequently suffered net losses of nearly US$160k and US$12.14m on 27
November 2013 and 17 December 2013 respectively. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 18–19 and 34; BYZ’s fourth affidavit, para 100.

Any crook intent on defrauding him would surely have attempted to conceal
these hefty losses from him. Second, it was undisputed that the US$1.23m that
remained in the plaintiff’s account after 17 December 2013 was returned to him
– conduct that was, once again, atypical of conniving fraudsters. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 52 and 54.

Having examined the merits of the plaintiff’s claims against the first and
fifth defendants, I concluded that there was no serious issue to be tried.

The plaintiff’s claims against the sixth defendant

118 My observations at [111]–[117] above applied with equal force in respect
of the sixth defendant. In addition, I found that the plaintiff’s conduct in
these proceedings betrayed a deplorable degree of cynicism in the claims he
sought to advance against the sixth defendant.

119 As highlighted at [28] above, the plaintiff only applied to include the
sixth defendant in Suit 34 on 4 April 2018, more than a year after commencing
the suit. In gist, the sixth defendant’s inclusion in these proceedings was
based on two meetings that he had attended in June 2015 and August 2016, and a
letter that he had written in November 2015. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 62(4) and 62(5).

The plaintiff himself was not present at those meetings and was not the
addressee of the letter. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), paras 62(4) and 62(5); GT’s first affidavit, para 21.

According to the plaintiff, the letter and meetings demonstrated that the
sixth defendant “clearly knew” of the moneys that the plaintiff had remitted
to the Volksbank Account. The plaintiff further charged that the sixth
defendant had represented at the June 2015 meeting that he “owned 50% of the
[first defendant]”.

120 Even leaving aside the sixth defendant’s objection that those meetings
were conducted on a “without prejudice” basis, the plaintiff’s position was
shorn of any merit. First, there was an unexplained gap of some 20 months
between the August 2016 meeting and the plaintiff’s application for leave to
join the sixth defendant as a party to these proceedings. Second, the
plaintiff’s own account was that he communicated with the second defendant via
Skype, telephone and e-mail. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

See, eg, CYHC’s first affidavit, paras 13, 16 and 52.

However, the sixth defendant was not copied in those e-mails, and there was no
evidence that he was privy to the Skype and telephone conversations. Third,
and more tellingly, in the plaintiff’s seventh affidavit which was filed on 4
February 2020 (ie, nearly two years after the plaintiff had applied to join
the sixth defendant as a defendant) and which spanned some 600 pages, the
plaintiff traversed the facts of these proceedings in painstaking detail – yet
there was conspicuously no mention of the substance of the two meetings and
the letter that formed the very basis for the sixth defendant’s entanglement
in these proceedings. Indeed, in his seventh affidavit, the plaintiff entirely
abandoned his claim that the sixth defendant substantially owned the first
defendant. This was perhaps inevitable, because the documentary evidence
before me – namely, the first defendant’s Certificate of Incumbency – upended
the plaintiff’s allegations about the sixth defendant’s substantial ownership
of the first defendant: it showed that the fifth defendant had been the sole
shareholder of the first defendant since 7 September 2011. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

BYZ’s first affidavit, pp 28–31.

121 Having abandoned the allegations about the sixth defendant’s substantial
ownership of the first defendant, the plaintiff pivoted in his seventh
affidavit to alleging that CST’s Asset Purchase would have taken place in
“late 2013/early 2014”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, paras 283–284.

Again, however, there was simply no basis for these belated allegations. The
plaintiff sought to rely on the fact that the employment of the sole local
director of BNet Online (one Robert Benjamin Gersohn) was terminated in June
2014 and that the gazette notice for the compulsory strike-off of BNet Online
was filed on 9 September 2014. Once again, these allegations really amounted
to grasping at straws: the plaintiff was unable to explain how these events
were connected to the timing of the Asset Purchase, or even how BNet Online
was connected to the purported conspiracy against him.

122 In fact, the plaintiff himself acknowledged receipt of an e-mail from
Opteck dated 29 April 2015 informing him that there was a change in the
ownership of the Opteck platform. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

CYHC’s seventh affidavit, para 279.

This was evidence which corroborated the sixth defendant’s assertion that the
Asset Purchase was carried out in April 2015.

123 In light of the above evidence, I agreed with the sixth defendant that his
belated inclusion in Suit 34 was no more than an attempt by the plaintiff to
cast his net as widely as possible in the hopes of recouping his losses from
one or more of the defendants, in cynical disregard of the merits (or lack
thereof) of his claims.

124 The alleged misrepresentations (see [18] above) were made by the second
defendant and clearly predated the sixth defendant’s involvement in this saga
by way of the Asset Purchase in April 2015. All that tied the sixth defendant
to the second defendant’s purported misrepresentations was the plaintiff’s
bare assertion that all of the defendants, “acting by the [second defendant]”,
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 78.

made those misrepresentations. Even at this preliminary stage, the plaintiff’s
claim rang hollow: there was simply no evidence of the sixth defendant’s
participation in the making of the said misrepresentations. Indeed, the sixth
defendant asserted that he did not even know the second defendant; 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

GT’s first affidavit, para 20.

and no evidence was put forward to show that he did.

125 The plaintiff’s charges of conspiracy vis-à-vis the sixth defendant were
similarly founded on nothing more than speculation. The acts purportedly
carried out in relation to or in furtherance of the alleged conspiracy
occurred in late 2013, way before the sixth defendant came into the picture
during the Asset Purchase in 2015. Relying on the “without prejudice” meetings
and the sixth defendant’s letter of November 2015 (see [119] above), the
plaintiff claimed that: 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

SOC (Amendment No. 2), para 63A.

If the [sixth defendant] contends that he became the substantial owner of the
[first defendant] after late August or early September 2013, the [p]laintiff
contends that,

(1) the [sixth defendant] was aware of the surrounding circumstances
pertaining to the [alleged conspiracy] and shared the same object as the other
[d]efendants;

(2) the [sixth defendant] participated or condoned or countenanced the overt
acts pleaded in paragraph 60 …

…

[emphasis added]

126 The conjectural language employed in these pleadings was revealing.
However, even assuming for the sake of argument that all of the above
allegations could be established, they did not support an inference being
clearly and properly drawn to the effect that the sixth defendant was party to
the alleged conspiracy. None of these allegations, even if accepted and even
if taken together, could support even an inference that the sixth defendant
was actually involved in such a conspiracy.

127 In the circumstances, I held that the plaintiff had failed to show a
serious issue to be tried vis-à-vis the sixth defendant.

Conclusion

128 For the above reasons, I set aside service of the writ on the first, fifth
and sixth defendants pursuant to O 12 r 7(4) and/or O 32 r 6 of the ROC. Given
the findings that I arrived at, I did not find it necessary to make any
findings on whether the writ was validly served on the three defendants or
whether service on the sixth defendant ought to be set aside on the grounds of
material non-disclosure.

129 As for costs, I ordered that the plaintiff pay the costs of SUM 5513
(fixed at $30,000 plus reasonable disbursements) to the first and fifth
defendants, and the costs of SUM 5512 (fixed at $24,000 plus reasonable
disbursements) to the sixth defendant.

Afternote

130 As an afternote, I should add that following my dismissal of the
plaintiff’s application for leave to appeal my decision in Summons No 1273 of
2020 (“SUM 1273”) and Summons No 1298 of 2020 (“SUM 1298”) (the defendants’
applications for, inter alia, a declaration that the time for the filing of
their jurisdictional challenges had been extended to 31 October 2019), the
plaintiff’s counsel clarified that he intended to pursue as a “preliminary”
issue in the present appeal the argument that the defendants’ jurisdictional
challenges had been filed out of time. In this connection, I had already
indicated in the course of the hearing of SUM 1273 and SUM 1298 that I agreed
with the defendants’ counsel that the High Court’s judgment in Bunge SA and
another v Indian Bank [2015] SGHC 330 provided a complete answer to this
“preliminary” objection. In that case, it was held that given the PTC
Registrar’s directions on the timeline for the filing of the stay application,
there was no need for the defendant to apply for an extension of time. In any
event, and with respect, this “preliminary” objection appeared to me to be yet
another cynical attempt by the plaintiff to distract from the substantive
issues raised in the jurisdictional challenges – especially considering his
own failure to raise such objection until February 2020, months after the
filing of the jurisdictional challenges.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judicial Commissioner

Raeza Khaled Salem Ibrahim, Kulvinder Kaur and Charlene Wee Swee Ting (Salem
Ibrahim LLC) for the plaintiff;

Calvin Liang (Essex Court Chambers Duxton (Singapore Group Practice)), Yu
Kexin (Yu Law) (instructed) and Eugene Jedidiah Low (Ark Law Corporation) for
the first and fifth defendants;

Gregory Vijayendran SC, Tan Eu Shan Kevin and Andrew Tan Jian Ming (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the sixth defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Jan 2021 (22:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

