Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 84

Civil Appeal No 211 of 2019

Between

| Zyfas Medical Co (Sued as a firm)  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

  

Between

| Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Zyfas Medical Co (Sued as a firm)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of decision

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Interpretation Act] — [Purposive approach]

[Patents and Inventions] — [Registration] — [Registration of therapeutic
products]

  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Zyfas Medical Co (Sued as a firm)

  
v

  

Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc

[2020] SGCA 84

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 211 of 2019  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Tay Yong Kwang JA and Woo Bih Li J  
14 August 2020

27 August 2020

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 In the High Court, Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc (“Millennium”) applied in
HC/OS 1034/2019 (“OS 1034”) for a declaration that Zyfas Medical Co (“Zyfas”)
had omitted to disclose to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) the existence
of certain patents when it applied to register a therapeutic product. The High
Court judge (“the Judge”) granted the declaration and Zyfas appealed.

2 On appeal, Zyfas sought to advance a legal argument that it had conceded
during the High Court hearing. In the special circumstances of this case, we
granted leave for Zyfas to advance this legal argument. However, after hearing
the parties, we dismissed the appeal with costs.

Background

3 Zyfas is a distributor of generic pharmaceutical, medicinal and healthcare
products. On 2 February 2018, it applied to register an anti-cancer drug known
as “Myborte” with the HSA. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

(III) ROA 179 (Tahir’s 1st affidavit, para 26).

The active ingredient in Myborte is bortezomib, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

(III) ROA 131 (InfoSearch for Therapeutic Products).

a drug which is used in the treatment of multiple myeloma and mantle cell
lymphoma. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

(III) ROA 177 (Tahir’s 1st affidavit, para 20).

4 Bortezomib is not protected by any product patent in Singapore. However,
Millennium is the registered proprietor of three patents for the processes
relating to the manufacture of bortezomib. These three patents (the “process
patents”) were valid and subsisting at the material time. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

(II) ACB 11–12 (Yeung’s 1st affidavit, paras 8–10); (III) ROA 79–129 (Patent
Details from IPOS e-services portal).

It was undisputed that Zyfas did not declare the existence of the process
patents when it applied to the HSA to register Myborte as a therapeutic
product.

5 Zyfas’s application was approved by the HSA on 5 July 2019. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

(III) ROA 7 (Yeung’s 1st affidavit, para 11); (III) ROA 131 (InfoSearch for
Therapeutic Products).

Shortly thereafter, Millennium discovered that Zyfas had obtained registration
for Myborte and contacted Zyfas to ask for a copy of its declaration made in
its application to the HSA. Zyfas took the position that the manufacturing
process for bortezomib in Myborte did not infringe the process patents and
that there was therefore no need to declare the process patents. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

(III) ROA 154–155 (Letter from Mirandah Law LLP to Eldan Law LLP dated 11 July
2019); (III) ROA 159–160 (Letter from Eldan Law LLP to Mirandah Law LLP dated
24 July 2019).

6 On 19 August 2019, Millennium filed OS 1034 seeking a declaration that
Zyfas’s declaration to the HSA under reg 23(2) of the Health Products
(Therapeutic Products) Regulations 2016 (S 329/2016) (“TPR”) contained a
statement that was false or misleading in a material particular or omitted to
disclose a matter that was material to the application for the registration of
Myborte. It also sought costs for OS 1034.

7 Therapeutic products are regulated under the Health Products Act (Cap 122D,
2008 Rev Ed) (“HPA”) and the TPR. All therapeutic products must be registered
before they can be supplied in Singapore. Regulation 23(1) of the TPR requires
the HSA to consider, in dealing with an application for registration, whether
a patent under the Patents Act (Cap 221, 2005 Rev Ed) (“Patents Act”) is in
force in respect of the therapeutic product. Regulation 23(2) stipulates that
the applicant must furnish a declaration to the HSA stating whether there is a
patent under the Patents Act in force in respect of the therapeutic product
and whether the applicant is the proprietor of the patent. Where the applicant
is not the proprietor of the patent, reg 23(3) states that it has to provide
information about the proprietor of the patent and state certain things. Under
reg 24(1)(a)(ii), where a court has determined that the applicant’s
declaration contains a statement that is false or misleading in a material
particular or omits to disclose any matter that is material to the
application, the HSA may cancel the registration of the therapeutic product.

8 Regulations 23 to 25 of the TPR, which form part of the registration scheme,
are set out below:

Whether therapeutic product subject to patent

23.—(1) In dealing with an application for the registration of a therapeutic
product, the Authority must consider whether a patent under the Patents Act
(Cap. 221) is in force in respect of the therapeutic product and, if so —

(a) whether the applicant for the registration of the therapeutic product is
the proprietor of the patent; or

(b) if the applicant is not the proprietor of the patent, whether —

(i) the proprietor has consented to or has acquiesced in the grant of the
registration of the therapeutic product to the applicant; or

(ii) the patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the doing of the act
for which the registration of the therapeutic product is sought.

(2) Unless the Authority otherwise determines, the applicant must, at the time
of the application and at such other time before the determination of the
application as the Authority may require, make and furnish to the Authority a
declaration in the form specified on the Authority’s website, stating —

(a) whether a patent under the Patents Act is in force in respect of the
therapeutic product; and

(b) whether the applicant is the proprietor of the patent.

(3) If the applicant is not the proprietor of the patent in respect of the
therapeutic product and there is such a patent in force, the applicant must
further state in the declaration mentioned in paragraph (2) —

(a) the name and address of the proprietor of the patent;

(b) whether —

(i) the proprietor has consented to or has acquiesced in the grant of the
registration of the therapeutic product by the applicant; or

(ii) in the opinion of the applicant and to the best of the applicant’s
belief, the patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the doing of the act
for which the registration of the therapeutic product is sought; and

(c) such other information as the Authority may require in any particular
case.

(4) For the purposes of paragraph (1), the Authority may rely upon, and need
not be concerned to inquire into the truth of, any statement made in the
declaration furnished under paragraph (2).

(5) Where the applicant is not the proprietor of a patent under the Patents
Act that is in force in respect of the therapeutic product, the Authority may
require the applicant to serve, in accordance with section 67 of the Act, on
the proprietor of the patent, a notice in the form specified on the
Authority’s website, and within such time as the Authority may determine, if —

(a) the applicant has declared that, in the applicant’s opinion and to the
best of the applicant’s belief, the patent is invalid or will not be infringed
by the doing of the act for which the registration is sought; or

(b) the Authority considers it appropriate in any particular case for the
applicant to do so.

(6) The applicant must furnish to the Authority such evidence of the service
of the notice mentioned in paragraph (5) as the Authority may require.

(7) The Authority need not determine the application until the applicant has
complied with paragraph (2) and, where applicable, paragraphs (5) and (6), to
the reasonable satisfaction of the Authority.

(8) If the Authority is satisfied that the notice mentioned in paragraph (5)
has been served on the proprietor of the patent, the Authority may register
the therapeutic product if the proprietor does not, before the 45th day after
the date that notice is served on the proprietor —

(a) apply to —

(i) a court for an order restraining the act for which the registration of the
therapeutic product is sought; or

(ii) a court or the Registrar of Patents or a Deputy Registrar of Patents
holding office under the Patents Act, for a declaration that the patent is
valid or will be infringed by the doing of the act for which the registration
of the therapeutic product is sought; and

(b) give written notice to the Authority stating that such application in sub-
paragraph (a) has been made, accompanied by evidence of the application.

(9) The Authority may register the therapeutic product without further notice
to the proprietor of the patent, if no order or declaration mentioned in
paragraph (8)(a) has been made at the end of 30 months after the date of the
application for the order or declaration.

(10) If, before the end of the period mentioned in paragraph (9), the
proprietor of the patent submits to the Authority a copy of the order or
declaration mentioned in paragraph (8)(a), the Authority may refuse to
register the therapeutic product.

Cancellation of registration of therapeutic product subject to patent dispute

24.—(1) Without prejudice to the generality of section 37(1) of the Act, the
Authority may, upon an application by any interested person, cancel the
registration of a therapeutic product, if the Authority is satisfied —

(a) that —

(i) a court or the Registrar of Patents or a Deputy Registrar of Patents
holding office under the Patents Act has determined that the doing of an act
authorised by the registration infringes a patent under the Patents Act; or

(ii) a court has determined that the declaration made under regulation 23(2)
contains a statement that is false or misleading in a material particular or
omits to disclose any matter that is material to the application; and

(b) that the determination mentioned in sub-paragraph (a)(i) or (ii) is final.

(2) For the purposes of paragraph (1)(b), a determination is final if it is
not subject to further appeal.

Offences for making false patent declaration

25. A person who, when making a declaration under regulation 23(2) —

(a) makes any statement or furnishes any document which the person knows or
has reason to believe is false in a material particular; or

(b) by the intentional suppression of any material fact, furnishes information
which is misleading,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $20,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to
both.

9 Recently, this court considered the above registration scheme in Millennium
Pharmaceuticals, Inc v Drug Houses of Australia Pte Ltd and another appeal
[2019] SGCA 31 (“Drug Houses of Australia”). In that case, the same patent
proprietor, Millennium, commenced an action against Drug Houses of Australia
Pte Ltd (“DHA”) for obtaining registration of bortezomib as a therapeutic
product without declaring the existence of the process patents. DHA’s position
was that its process for manufacturing bortezomib did not infringe
Millennium’s patents and the patents therefore did not have to be disclosed.
DHA applied to strike out Millennium’s statement of claim on the ground that
it disclosed no reasonable cause of action and the High Court judge permitted
certain claims to be struck out.

10 On appeal, this court restored the claims and held that Millennium’s
patents fell within the description set out in reg 23(2)(a) of the TPR (Drug
Houses of Australia at [2]). Although DHA averred that its product did not
infringe the processes protected by Millennium’s patents, this court held that
DHA had to declare the existence of the patents and then state that the
patents were invalid or would not be infringed by the doing of the act for
which the registration was sought. It was then for HSA to decide whether to
invoke reg 23(5) to require DHA to serve a notice on Millennium as the
proprietor of the patents (Drug Houses of Australia at [3]). The suit in Drug
Houses of Australia was eventually discontinued before trial.

The proceedings in the High Court

11 As mentioned above, OS 1034 sought a declaration that Zyfas’s declaration
under reg 23(2) “contains a statement that is false or misleading in a
material particular or omits to disclose any matter that is material to its
application(s) for registration of its therapeutic product”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

(II) ROA 7 (Prayer 1 of OS 1034).

At the hearing in the High Court, however, it was accepted that it was
sufficient for the Judge to grant the declaration sought if he found that
Zyfas’s declaration omitted material facts. The parties therefore did not
proceed on the issue of whether Zyfas’s declaration contained a statement that
was false or misleading. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

(III) ROA 223–224 (NEs 23 October 2019, pp 4–5).

12 In the High Court, Zyfas also conceded expressly that process patents were
patents in force in respect of the therapeutic product and had to be declared
under reg 23(2)(a) of the TPR. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

(III) ROA 222–223 (NEs 23 October 2019, pp 3–4).

Although Zyfas submitted that the statement in Drug Houses of Australia on
this point was made obiter dicta, it accepted that the dicta represented the
law correctly and that the Judge was bound by the decision. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

(III) ROA 265, 270 (Zyfas’s submissions in OS 1034 at paras 23, 43–44).

It also conceded that the existence of the process patents was a matter which
was material to its application for registration. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

(III) ROA 222–223 (NEs 23 October 2019, pp 3–4).

Zyfas’s sole argument in the High Court was that it did not knowingly or
intentionally omit to declare material information because it had applied to
register Myborte a year before the judgment in Drug Houses of Australia and it
genuinely did not know that the process patents had to be declared at that
time. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

(III) ROA 271–272 (Zyfas’s submissions in OS 1034 at paras 50–51).

13 The parties’ submissions before the Judge were therefore confined to the
single issue of whether Zyfas’s omission had to be done knowingly or
intentionally before the court could grant a declaration under reg
24(1)(a)(ii). The Judge concluded that there was no such requirement (see
Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc v Zyfas Medical Co (sued as a firm) [2020]
SGHC 28 (“GD”) at [22]–[26]). There was nothing in reg 24(1)(a)(ii) that
required the mental elements of knowledge or intention. In contrast, reg 25,
which creates offences, referred to such mental elements because of the use of
words such as “knows”, “reason to believe” and “intentional”. This difference
in language was justified based on the respective purposes of the provisions.
While reg 24 was intended as an administrative process by which a registered
therapeutic product could be cancelled, reg 25 was a provision that imposed
criminal liability. All that Millennium was required to show was that Zyfas
failed to disclose any matter that was material to its application. As there
was no dispute that Zyfas failed to declare that Millennium’s process patents
were in force and as it had conceded that this information was material, the
Judge granted the declaration. On 21 November 2019, Zyfas filed this appeal.

The related proceedings

14 At the time of filing OS 1034, Millennium also filed HC/S 817/2019 (“Suit
817”) against Zyfas seeking a declaration that Zyfas had infringed its patents
and an injunction to restrain Zyfas from continuing to infringe the patents.
Millennium does not manufacture, market or supply bortezomib in Singapore but
its exclusive licensee in Singapore, Johnson & Johnson Pte Ltd (“J&J”), has
supplied bortezomib in Singapore before. Accordingly, J&J was added as the
second plaintiff to Suit 817, which is pending before the Judge.

15 On 29 January 2020, Millennium and J&J filed HC/SUM 430/2020 in Suit 817
seeking an interlocutory injunction to restrain Zyfas from performing any of
the acts for which registration of Myborte had been obtained until the
conclusion of the suit. The focus of the injunction was the fact that Zyfas
had been awarded a tender on 1 November 2019 to supply bortezomib to public
hospitals in Singapore. Due to the present appeal, Millennium could not apply
to the HSA for cancellation of the registration of Myborte. Millennium
therefore sought the interlocutory injunction to restrain Zyfas from supplying
Myborte under the tender and from participating in any further tenders.

16 On 2 April 2020, the Judge granted the application for the interlocutory
injunction only in part. He made an order to restrain Zyfas from any future
acts for which registration of Myborte had been obtained but permitted Zyfas
to continue to supply Myborte to the public hospitals pursuant to the tender.
The Judge held that in the context of this tender, damages would be an
adequate remedy and the balance of convenience lay in favour of permitting the
continued supply of bortezomib to the public hospitals. Millennium’s
application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal was refused by the
Judge on 15 June 2020. Its further application to the Court of Appeal for
leave to appeal was dismissed on 21 July 2020 without oral arguments pursuant
to O 57 r 2B of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of
Court”).

17 On 4 March 2020, Millennium filed CA/SUM 30/2020 to expedite the present
appeal due to its concerns about Zyfas’s supply of Myborte to the public
hospitals. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

(II) ACB 30–31 (HC/SUM 30/2020 Summons), (IV)(C) ROA 13–17 (Yeung’s 1st
affidavit, paras 23–38).

Its application was dismissed on 6 April 2020. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

(II) ACB 47–48 (Correspondence from court dated 6 April 2020).

The parties’ cases on appeal

Leave to raise a new point on appeal

18 In this appeal, Zyfas abandoned its sole argument before the Judge that the
omission had to be a knowing or an intentional one. Instead, Zyfas sought to
argue that process patents did not fall within the scope of reg 23(2)(a) of
the TPR as it covered only product patents. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AC para 33.

19 Zyfas accepted that leave of court was required to advance this point. It
submitted that leave should be granted as this was a point of law that did not
concern factual disputes and no fresh evidence was required. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AR para 5, 17.

The holding in Drug Houses of Australia that Millennium’s process patents were
within the meaning of “patent” in reg 23(2)(a) of the TPR was obiter dicta
and, in any event, that holding was wrong and this court was not bound by its
own decision. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AR paras 18–35.

20 Millennium submitted that Zyfas should not be granted leave to raise the
new argument as it had conceded expressly and unequivocally in the High Court
that process patents were within the ambit of reg 23(2)(a). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RC paras 23–24.

In any event, this court had already determined the issue in Drug Houses of
Australia and there were no reasons to justify overruling or departing from
that decision. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RC paras 25–37.

If leave was not granted for the new argument, the appeal would fail in its
entirety. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

RS para 6.

21 The parties filed their submissions on 13 July 2020. On 16 July 2020, this
court released its decision in JWR Pte Ltd v Edmond Pereira Law Corporation
and another [2020] SGCA 68 (“JWR”). That decision included guidance on the
relevant principles when applying for leave to introduce a new point on
appeal. We therefore invited the parties here to submit on this case if they
wished. They did so on 11 August 2020.

22 Millennium submitted that JWR bolstered its case that Zyfas should not be
granted leave to make the new argument. Zyfas was abandoning its arguments
before the Judge and seeking to make an entirely new argument on appeal. As
there were no exceptional circumstances here, leave ought to be refused to
prevent the abuse of the appeal process. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RS dated 11 August 2020 paras 4–5.

On the other hand, Zyfas submitted that JWR could be distinguished. There was
no prejudice to Millennium as all the relevant evidence was already in the
record of appeal and its argument was not entirely new. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AS dated 11 August 2020 paras 10–11.

The interpretation of reg 23(2)(a)

23 If Zyfas was permitted to raise the new point on appeal, both parties
agreed that the purposive approach to statutory interpretation as set out in
Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) should
apply to reg 23(2)(a) to determine if “a patent under the Patents Act… in
force in respect of the therapeutic product” referred solely to product
patents or to all patents, including process patents. We refer to these
alternative interpretations as the “Narrow Interpretation” and the “Broad
Interpretation” respectively.

24 Zyfas submitted that the Narrow Interpretation was supported by the text
and the statutory context. Regulation 23 and Form 1 of HSA’s patent
declaration forms, which an applicant had to use, referred repeatedly to the
word “product”. In contrast, save for a reference to “manufacturing process
controls” in reg 22, the word “process” did not appear in the relevant part of
the regulations or in Form 1. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AC paras 51–54; (II) ACB 18–20 (Form 1).

The First Schedule of the HPA defined “therapeutic product” as “any substance
that… has as a constituent any of the following active ingredients”, which
included any chemical element and this meant that a relevant patent which had
to be declared was a patent over the active ingredient itself.

25 The Parliamentary debates on the predecessor provision, which was s 12A(2)
of the Medicines Act (Cap 176, 1985 Rev Ed), revealed that its purpose was to
provide a patent linkage scheme to ensure that generic products were not
granted marketing approval prior to the expiration of the patent term of the
innovated product unless the patent owner consented. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AC paras 74–75.

Process patents were not mentioned in the Parliamentary debates. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AC para 83.

Singapore’s patent linkage scheme was implemented following the United
States–Singapore Free Trade Agreement (6 May 2003),  (“USSFTA”) and was
modelled on the scheme in the United States of America (“the US”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AC paras 86–88.

As process patents were excluded from the US scheme, Zyfas submitted that the
Singapore scheme was also intended to protect product patents only. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AC pars 94–97.

26 On the other hand, Millennium submitted that the ordinary meaning of the
text was only capable of the Broad Interpretation. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

RC para 45.

There was no express qualification of the word “patent” and the text simply
meant a patent that was relevant to the therapeutic product. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

RC paras 46–47.

Millennium’s process patents fell within the definition of “patent” in s 2 of
the Patents Act. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RC para 49.

The other provisions of reg 23 also made it clear that “patent” referred to
any patent that might be infringed by the doing of the acts for which the
registration of the therapeutic product was sought and process patents were
capable of being infringed by the supply, manufacture, importation or
wholesale of the product in Singapore. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RC paras 55–60.

Form 1 was merely an administrative form and the absence of the word “process”
did not suggest necessarily that “patent” excluded process patents. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

RC paras 61–62.

27 The purpose of reg 23 was to provide a mechanism by which patent
proprietors could be notified of pending applications for the registration of
therapeutic products that might infringe their patents so that they could
intervene. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

RC paras 67–68.

The Broad Interpretation was consistent with this purpose as process patents
could be infringed by the acts for which registration was sought. The Narrow
Interpretation meant that process patents would enjoy a lower level of
protection than product patents. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

RC paras 69–70.

No distinction was drawn between product patents and process patents in the
Parliamentary debates or in the obligations under the USSFTA. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RC paras 76–78.

Although process patents were excluded from the US patent linkage scheme, this
was due to an express exclusion in the subsidiary legislation there.
Parliament would have been cognizant of the scheme in the US and must have
made a choice not to exclude process patents. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

RC paras 84–86.

Our decision

Leave to raise a new point on appeal

28 Order 57 rule 9A(4)(b) of the Rules of Court permits a party to apply in
the course of the hearing for leave to introduce a new point not taken in the
court below if it is stated clearly in its case. The principles governing the
granting of leave to raise new points on appeal are not controversial and were
discussed in our recent decision in JWR at [28] (citing Abhilash s/o Kunchian
Krishnan v Yeo Hock Huat and another [2019] 1 SLR 873 (“Abhilash”) at
[39]–‍[41]):

(a) Whether a party is granted leave to introduce on appeal new points not
taken in the court below will be the subject of careful consideration in each
case, having due regard to factors including (i) the nature of the parties’
arguments below; (ii) whether the court had considered and provided any
findings and reasoning in relation to the new point; (iii) whether further
submissions, evidence or findings would have been necessitated had the new
points been raised below; and (iv) any prejudice that might result to the
counterparty in the appeal if leave were to be granted (Grace Electrical
Engineering Pte Ltd v Te Deum Engineering Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 76 (“Grace
Electrical”) at [38]).

(b) There is strictly speaking no legal impediment to an appellant raising new
points of law on appeal even if they were not specifically pleaded provided
that the existing pleadings were sufficiently wide to permit the new points to
be raised. Further, the mere fact that the new point sought to be raised
contradicts the case as pleaded below would not invariably lead to the denial
of leave (Abhilash at [40], citing Grace Electrical at [36]).

(c) A different balance will be struck where the new argument to be raised on
appeal would involve issues of fact, where it is almost inevitable that the
failure to raise the point at trial had resulted in relevant evidence not
being fully ventilated (JWR at [29]).

29 As explained earlier, Zyfas’s only submission before the Judge was that reg
24(1)(a)(ii) required a false or misleading statement or material omission in
a declaration to have been made knowingly or intentionally. At the hearing
before us, counsel for Zyfas, Mr Wong Siew Hong (“Mr Wong”), explained that he
had focused on the mental element required for a “false or misleading”
declaration as that was the case Millennium had advanced below. Even so, that
could not explain why Zyfas conceded expressly that process patents had to be
declared under reg 23(2)(a) or why it maintained its position when it became
clear that the Judge was proceeding on the issue of material omission only.

30 We think Zyfas’s change in position was highly unsatisfactory. In advancing
the new argument on appeal, Zyfas was retracting from the agreed parameters of
the case before the High Court. The issue before us would no longer be about
the requisite mental state for a declaration under reg 24(1)(a)(ii) of the TPR
but about the scope of reg 23(2)(a). As a result, the High Court’s decision
was rendered quite irrelevant in this appeal as its correctness was not being
challenged at all. In fact, at the hearing before us, both Mr Wong and counsel
for Millennium, Mr Suhaimi Bin Lazim, agreed that the Judge was correct in his
interpretation of reg 24(1)(a)(ii). Ordinarily, if both parties agree that the
trial court’s decision is unimpeachable, then that should be the end of the
matter. However, Zyfas was effectively asking the Court of Appeal to rehear
the entire case on a totally different basis, thereby converting what should
have been an appeal into a second trial.

31 It was even more unsatisfactory that the so called “new argument” was not
new at all but was obviously an issue that Zyfas’s counsel had considered and
then conceded. The new argument was therefore nothing more than a retraction
of its concession on a legal issue. Such a retraction probably arose from a
reworking and rethinking of the litigation strategy and Zyfas was essentially
doing a 180-degree about-turn on appeal by arguing against the very issue that
it had conceded before the Judge.

32 In the circumstances, Zyfas’s conduct of its appeal fell within the scope
of the criticisms made by this court in JWR at [32]. In reality, there was no
appeal before us. We would not be considering whether the Judge was wrong or
otherwise in reaching the conclusions stated in his judgment since, as
mentioned above, both parties agreed that the Judge was correct in his
decision on the issues placed before him. In JWR, we observed that such
conduct would amount to an abuse of the appeal process (at [32]). Ordinarily
therefore, we could, as we did in JWR, have disallowed the new argument and
dismissed the appeal.

33 In this case, however, there were some special features that persuaded us
to exercise our discretion to allow Zyfas to make the “new argument” despite
its concession in the High Court. First, the issue to be canvassed was a
question of law which would impact the work of the HSA in implementing the
TPR. It was also likely to affect many applicants seeking to register various
therapeutic products in an industry that is growing increasingly important.
Leaving the scope of reg 23 unclear or seemingly arguable would not be
conducive to good administration in such an important industry. It would also
create uncertainty for the businesses dealing in therapeutic products.

34 Secondly, the new argument would not cause any prejudice to Millennium as
it was given ample notice about it and was prepared to argue the issue before
us. Its written submissions covered this legal point fully.

35 Third, if Zyfas had not made the concession in the High Court and had
instead raised this argument in its submissions, we believe that the Judge
would in all likelihood have considered himself bound by Drug Houses of
Australia anyway (see GD at [13]). We note that in Zyfas’s submissions in the
High Court, it referred to the statement on this legal issue in Drug Houses of
Australia as obiter dicta but accepted that it represented the law correctly.
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

(III) ROA 265, 270 (Zyfas’s submissions in OS 1034 at paras 23, 43–44).

If it truly believed that it was obiter dicta, then it should not have made
the concession and should not have accepted that the Judge was bound by our
earlier decision. Accordingly, based on the special circumstances in this
case, we allowed the question of law to be argued on appeal despite the
earlier concession by Zyfas.

36 Although the correctness of the Judge’s decision was not disputed before
us, we would like to express our agreement with his conclusions. We agree that
reg 24(1)(a)(ii) of the TPR does not require that a false or misleading
statement or an omission to disclose a material matter must be made knowingly
or intentionally. However, if such knowledge or intention was found in any
particular case, an offence under reg 25(a) or (b) would be disclosed and the
maker of the declaration would be subject to the criminal sanctions spelt out
in that regulation.

The interpretation of reg 23(2)(a)

37 The sole issue in this appeal was therefore whether process patents were
within the ambit of “a patent under the Patents Act… in force in respect of
the therapeutic product”. If so, the process patents must be declared pursuant
to reg 23(2)(a) of the TPR. To answer this question, we first consider whether
this issue was an integral part of the reasoning and decision in Drug Houses
of Australia, which concerned two of the three process patents in this case
and involved the same proprietor of the process patents.

38 Zyfas submitted that our reasoning on this issue was obiter dicta and, in
any event, the earlier decision was wrong and was not binding on us in this
appeal. We rejected the submission on obiter dicta. Our reasoning in Drug
Houses of Australia was necessary to the decision that was made in that
appeal. Although DHA in that case did not advance the argument specifically
that process patents did not fall within the meaning of reg 23(2)(a), we held
that Millennium’s patents fell within the provision and had to be declared. If
they did not, then Millennium would have no cause of action against DHA at
all.

39 For completeness, we consider briefly the parties’ arguments on the
application of the purposive approach, which involves three steps (see Tan
Cheng Bock at [37]–[53]):

(a) First, ascertain the possible interpretations of the provision, having
regard not just to the text of the provision but also to the context of that
provision within the written law as a whole, aided by rules and canons of
statutory construction where relevant.

(b) Second, ascertain the legislative purpose or object of the statute. In
doing so, the court may draw from the text of the relevant legislative
provision, the statutory context or extraneous material, though primacy should
be accorded to the text of the provision and its statutory context.

(c) Third, compare the possible interpretations of the text against the
purposes or objects of the statute.

40 Section 2 of the Patents Act states that “patent” means “a patent under
this Act and includes a patent in force by virtue of section 117(3) [of the
Patents Act]”. A patent under the Patents Act includes process patents and the
Act generally does not distinguish between product and process patents (see s
2, which refers to “patented process”, and ss 14(2), 51(1), 66, 68). The plain
text of reg 23(2)(a) therefore suggested that process patents were included in
its scope.

41 However, Mr Wong argued that the word “patent” in the TPR must be qualified
by the words “in respect of the therapeutic product”. He then pointed to the
definition of “therapeutic product” in the HPA. The First Schedule of the HPA
states that “therapeutic product” means any substance that has as a
constituent any of the following active ingredients, one of which is “any
chemical”. Mr Wong highlighted that bortezomib is a chemical and therefore the
relevant patent in this case must be one in respect of that chemical. Since
Millennium’s patents were in the process of manufacturing the active
ingredient bortezomib and not in bortezomib as a product, he submitted that
the process patents here were not relevant under the TPR and therefore did not
need to be declared in an application for registration.

42 In answer to our question during discussions, Mr Wong accepted that it was
logically possible for the bortezomib in Myborte to have been manufactured
using the processes in Millennium’s process patents although Zyfas’s position
was that its therapeutic product did not use those processes to make
bortezomib. In our opinion, this meant that the process patents here were “in
respect of the therapeutic product” because the active ingredient in that
product could have been made using the patented processes. The proper
procedure for Zyfas’s application for registration was therefore to declare
the existence of the process patents under reg 23(2)(a) and then go on to
declare further under reg 23(3)(b)(ii) that it was not the proprietor of the
patents but the patents would not be infringed by the doing of the act for
which the registration of the therapeutic product is sought, if Zyfas
genuinely believed that there was no infringement. It would then be up to the
HSA to decide whether to require Zyfas to serve the requisite notice under reg
23(5) on the proprietor. We came to this same conclusion in Drug Houses of
Australia at [3].

43 The fact that the provisions of the TPR and Form 1 used the word “product”
did not mean that the word was intended to restrict “patents” to only product
patents. After all, “product” is part of the term “therapeutic product” which
in turn is a “health product” as stated in the First Schedule of the HPA.

44 We agree with the Judge that the purpose of reg 23 was to fulfil
Singapore’s obligations under the USSFTA through the patent linkage scheme (GD
at [13]). Mr Wong argued that the exclusion of process patents from the US
patent linkage scheme was relevant because our scheme was modelled on it.
However, Mr Wong also accepted that it could not be inferred that Parliament
intended to copy the US patent linkage scheme.

45 The USSFTA does not refer to process or product patents. Local legislation
is to be interpreted as far as possible to be consonant with Singapore’s
treaty obligations and not in derogation thereof. However, if the clear words
of the legislation indicate that Singapore has done more than what its treaty
obligations require, we think that there is nothing objectionable about giving
effect to the clear intent.

46 Under the patent linkage scheme, after declaration of the patent, HSA can
then direct the applicant to notify the proprietors of the patent about any
application for registration of a therapeutic product, pursuant to reg 23(5).
The proprietor then has the opportunity to object to registration during a
44-day moratorium imposed by reg 23(8) during which it can seek an injunction
or a declaration that the patent will be infringed. Regulation 23(9) then
provides for a 30-month moratorium for the court to reach a decision and
during which the HSA will not register the product. This ensures that while
the issue is before the courts, generic products will not flood the market to
the prejudice of proprietors (see also Drug Houses of Australia at [10]).

47 Mr Wong argued that the Broad Interpretation made it onerous for applicants
seeking registration of therapeutic products as they would have to declare
process patents as well and then wait 30 months after the relevant notice was
given before the therapeutic products could be registered. However, he
accepted that such applicants could choose to shorten the 30-month wait by
being proactive and taking out an action for a declaration of non-infringement
if they wanted to.

48 We think that the Broad Interpretation would be consonant with the
legislative purpose of reg 23 as it was intended to give notice and protection
to proprietors of relevant patents, whether they are product or process
patents. We see no reason why product patents should be accorded more
protection than process patents since a therapeutic product could infringe one
or the other.

Conclusion

49 For the above reasons, we dismissed Zyfas’s appeal. We awarded costs in
favour of Millennium fixed at $40,000 (inclusive of disbursements) and made
the usual consequential orders relating to the security for costs of this
appeal.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang Woo Bih Li  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Wong Siew Hong and Kuek Kai Liang (Eldan Law LLP) for the appellant;

Suhaimi Bin Lazim and Yan Chongshuo (Mirandah Law LLP)

for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

