Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 74

Admiralty in Rem No 275 of 2016

(Summons No 1213 of 2019)

Admiralty Action in Rem against the vessel “SONGA VENUS”

Between

Keppel FELS Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Owner of the vessel “SONGA VENUS”  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

Songa Offshore SE  
---  
  
… Intervener

grounds of decision

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Practice and procedure of action in rem] —
[Priorities]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
The “Songa Venus”

  

[2020] SGHC 74

High Court — Admiralty in Rem No 275 of 2016 (Summons No 1213 of 2019)  
Pang Khang Chau J  
8, 9, 15 April 2019

15 April 2020

Pang Khang Chau J:

Introduction

1 Where a claimant has a possessory lien over an arrested ship in respect of a
claim which, but for the possessory lien, would have priority only as a
statutory lien in admiralty, should the claimant’s costs in enforcing the
claim be accorded the same priority as the possessory lien or the statutory
lien? For the reasons given below, I decided that costs incurred in enforcing
a claim protected by a possessory lien should be accorded the same priority as
the possessory lien.

Background

2 The plaintiff, Keppel FELS Ltd (“Keppel FELS”), provided various services to
the vessel, Songa Venus (“the Vessel”), including repairs, modifications,
supply of materials and equipment as well as berthing. Having failed to obtain
payment for the said services from the owner of the Vessel, Keppel FELS
commenced the present proceedings, arrested the Vessel, and obtained an order
for the Vessel to be appraised and sold pendente lite “without prejudice to
[Keppel FELS’] possessory lien over the Vessel, if any”. Pursuant to the
order, the Vessel and the bunkers on board were sold by the Sheriff for
US$3,749,463.14.

3 Thereafter, Keppel FELS obtained final judgment in default of appearance for
the sum of US$1,169,370 with interest. In granting the final judgment, Belinda
Ang Saw Ean J also declared that Keppel FELS had a possessory lien over the
Vessel in respect of the portion of its claim relating to repair and
modification works, as well as supply of various materials, equipment and
services. This portion amounted to US$328,723. Belinda Ang J also awarded
Keppel FELS the costs of its action, fixed at S$10,000 in addition to
reasonable disbursements (“Costs of the Action”).

4 The intervener, Songa Offshore SE (“Songa Offshore”), commenced a separate
in rem action against the Vessel for sums outstanding under a seller’s credit
agreement which was secured by a second preferred mortgage over the Vessel.
Songa Offshore obtained final judgment in default of appearance for the sum of
US$34,200,000.

The present application

5 Keppel FELS then filed the present application for determination of the
priority of the relevant claims and payment out of the proceeds of sale. The
only other party that appeared at the hearing of the application was Songa
Offshore.

6 The parties were not in dispute that the priority of claims should be in the
following order:

(a) Sheriff’s commission, costs and expenses.

(b) Costs of the producer of the fund (ie, Keppel FELS’ costs of and
incidental to the arrest, appraisement and sale of the Vessel and bunkers on
board, as well as the costs of the present application).

(c) Keppel FELS’ judgment debt in respect of the portion of its claim for
which it had a possessory lien, amounting to US$328,723.

(d) Songa Offshore’s judgment debt of US$34,200,000 in respect of its claim as
mortgagee.

(e) The remainder of Keppel FELS’ judgment debt in respect of the portion of
its claim for which it had no possessory lien.

7 The dispute between the parties was over the treatment of the Costs of the
Action.

8 Keppel FELS submitted that the Costs of the Action should be prioritised in
the following manner:

(a) costs attributable to the portion of Keppel FELS’ claim for which Keppel
FELS had a possessory lien should be accorded the same priority as limb (c) of
[6] above (“the Disputed Costs”);

(b) costs attributable to the portion of Keppel FELS’ claim for which there
was no possessory lien should be accorded the same priority as limb (e) of [6]
above; and

(c) an appropriate apportionment would be 40-60, with the result that 40% of
the Costs of the Action should be accorded the same priority as limb (c) of
[6] above, while the remaining 60% of the Costs of the Action should be
accorded the same priority as limb (e) of [6] above.

9 Songa Offshore objected to the Costs of the Action being prioritised in this
manner. Instead, Songa Offshore submitted that all of the Costs of the Action
should be accorded the same priority as limb (e) of [6] above. Since Songa
Offshore’s judgment debt (limb (d) of [6] above) exceeded the amount that
would remain from the sale proceeds after payment out of Keppel FELS’ judgment
debt in respect of the portion of its claim for which it had a possessory lien
(limb (c) of [6] above), the practical effect of giving all of the Costs of
the Action the same priority as limb (e) of [6] above was that Keppel FELS
would not receive a single cent of the Costs of the Action.

10 As for the quantum of apportionment, Songa Offshore accepted that, if the
court were to find in favour of Keppel FELS on the issue of priority as set
out at [8(a)–8(b)] above, the 40-60 apportionment proposed by Keppel FELS at
[8(c)] above would be reasonable.

Parties’ submissions

11 Keppel FELS referred to Nigel Meeson & John A Kimbell, Admiralty
Jurisdiction and Practice (Informa, 4th Ed, 2011) (“Meeson & Kimbell”), which
contained the following passage (at para 6.78):

The costs of the action will normally be afforded the same priority as the
substantive claim out of which they arise, except in so far as they have
priority as being the costs of the producer of the fund.

12 The authority cited in Meeson & Kimbell for the foregoing proposition was
The “Margaret” (1835) 3 Hag Adm 238 (“The Margaret”), a decision of the High
Court of Admiralty of England concerning a claim for crew’s wages, where the
court held, at 240, that:

The ship is liable for wages and costs. The costs are as much due as the sors
principalis.

13 Although The Margaret did not involve competing claimants with claims of
different priorities, it was cited and followed by the Federal Court of
Australia in Patrick Stevedores No 2 Pty Ltd and others v Proceeds of Sale of
the Vessel MV Skulptor Konenkov (1997) 144 ALR 394, which was a case involving
competing claims of different priorities. In that case, after dealing with the
validity and priority of various claims, Sheppard J remarked, at 404, that:

There is a question in relation to costs. Although costs are discretionary,
the general rule is that in actions against the proceeds of sale of property
arrested in rem, costs have the same priority as the claim in respect of which
they have been incurred: see The Margaret (1835) 3 Hag Adm 238 and The William
F Safford (1860) Lush 69 and also Meeson, supra, p 167. I propose to treat
costs in accordance with the ordinary rule. There was no submission that I
should do otherwise. [emphasis added]

14 The case of The “William F Safford” (1860) Lush 69 referred to in the above
quotation was a decision of the Right Honourable Dr Lushington in the High
Court of Admiralty of England. After dealing with the priorities of various
claims against the arrested ship, Dr Lushington held, at 71, that:

The costs in each action will be paid with the principal sums in the order I
have named.

15 Songa Offshore did not dispute that the foregoing cases stood for the
general rule that costs incurred in enforcing a particular maritime claim
should enjoy the same priority as the substantive claim. Instead, Songa
Offshore submitted that the proper application of this rule should result in
the Disputed Costs being afforded only the priority of a statutory lien. Songa
Offshore put forward two lines of arguments in support of this submission.

16 First, the common law possessory lien is a passive remedy which confers no
right of action. There is no legal provision that permits the invocation of
the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court for the purpose of enforcing a
possessory lien. Where a maritime claimant who enjoys a possessory lien wishes
to invoke the admiralty jurisdiction of the court to enforce his claim, he
would need to commence an action to enforce the underlying maritime claim by
invoking a statutory right of action in rem. Therefore, Songa Offshore
submitted that any costs incurred in such an action should be classified as
costs incurred to enforce a statutory lien, and not as costs incurred to
enforce a possessory lien. Consequently, such costs should only be afforded
the priority of a statutory lien, and not the priority of a possessory lien.

17 Secondly, the common law possessory lien is accorded a high priority by the
admiralty court as part of the admiralty court’s undertaking to protect the
possessory lien in return for the possessory lien holder giving up possession
of the vessel. This is so that a judicial sale can be conducted for the
benefit of all parties having in rem claims against the vessel. This
undertaking extends only to claims properly coming within the scope of the
possessory lien and no more. The courts have been strict about what claims
come within the scope of a possessory lien. For example, in Somes v British
Empire Shipping Co (1860) 8 HL Cas 338, dock charges incurred by a shipwright
did not fall within the scope of the shipwright’s possessory lien over the
vessel, even though they were reasonably incurred to keep the vessel under the
shipwright’s detention to safeguard his possessory lien. In this regard, Songa
Offshore submitted that costs incurred in invoking a statutory right of action
in rem in respect of a claim over which a possessory lien also subsists do not
come within the scope of the possessory lien.

18 Songa Offshore also pointed out that none of the three cases cited at
[12]–[14] above concerned claims protected by possessory liens. Against this,
Keppel FELS cited The “Honey I” [1987] SLR(R) 239 (“The Honey I”), a case
involving possessory liens. In that case, Singapore Slipway & Engineering Co
(“Singapore Slipway”) commenced an in rem action to arrest the vessel Honey I
to recover the sum of $24,000 for repair works (“ADM 676/1984”). The vessel
was arrested while she was in the possession of Singmarine Shipyard (Pte) Ltd
(“Singmarine Shipyard”), who claimed a possessory lien over the vessel in
respect of its repair bills totalling $1,681,768. After the vessel was
arrested, Singmarine Shipyard commenced a separate in rem action against the
vessel (“ADM 774/1985”) and obtained judgment in default of appearance with
costs. There were also other claimants, such as Robina Credit Ltd who held a
mortgage over the vessel and Hutton (Plant and Spares) Ltd who had supplied
necessaries to the vessel.

19 The vessel was sold by the court for the sum of $518,586. Singmarine
Shipyard, as plaintiff in ADM 774/1985 and intervener in ADM 676/1984, applied
in ADM 676/1984 for, and obtained, the following orders (The Honey I at [2];
[14]):

1 That the priorities of the various claimants against the balance of the
proceeds of sale of the ship ‘HONEY I’ ex ‘CASSIO’ amounting to $518,586 be
determined in the following order:

(a) The abovenamed plaintiffs’ taxed costs until the date of sale of the
vessel in this action.

(b) The taxed costs of Singmarine Shipyard (Pte) Ltd and their claim in [ADM
774/1985].

2 That a sum of $40,000 estimated to cover the aforesaid taxed costs be
retained pending taxation.

3 That there be payment out to the interveners, Singmarine Shipyard (Pte) Ltd,
the balance sum of $478,586 in accordance with the aforesaid order for
priority.

4 That the costs of and incidental to this motion be taxed and paid out of the
proceeds of sale to the interveners, Singmarine Shipyard (Pte) Ltd, in
priority to all other claims.

20 Keppel FELS highlighted that Prayer 1(b) combined Singmarine Shipyard’s
costs in ADM 774/1985 with its substantive claim and accorded the same
priority to both the costs and the claim. Since an order in terms was granted
for Prayer 1(b), Keppel FELS submitted that The Honey I supported its
position.

21 Songa Offshore submitted that the issue in dispute in The Honey I was
Singmarine Shipyard’s entitlement to a possessory lien, and not the priority
to be accorded to Singmarine Shipyard’s costs. As Singmarine Shipyard’s claim
far exceeded the available proceeds of sale, there would be nothing left to
pay either Singmarine Shipyard’s costs or the claims of the other claimants
which ranked lower in priority than Singmarine Shipyard. Therefore, the issue
of Singmarine Shipyard’s costs simply did not arise for consideration. The
Honey I therefore could not be regarded as authority supporting Keppel FELS’
position.

Analysis

22 It is well settled that, as a general rule, in actions against the proceeds
of sale of property arrested in rem, costs have the same priority as the claim
in respect of which they have been incurred. This general rule is supported by
the authorities cited at [11]–[14] above. Neither party disputed the
correctness of this general rule. The dispute between the parties was whether
the proper application of this general rule should result in the Disputed
Costs being accorded the same priority as a possessory lien or a statutory
lien.

23 In this regard, I agreed with Songa Offshore that the three cases cited by
Keppel FELS at [12]–[14] above threw no light on this issue in so far as none
of them dealt with a claim protected by a possessory lien. As for The Honey I,
while it provided some support for Keppel FELS’ position given that it was a
case concerning possessory liens, I agreed with Songa Offshore that it was not
a strong authority for present purposes because the issue of the priority of
the possessory lien holder’s costs was not argued and did not arise for
consideration. But The Honey I was not alone in according the costs of a
possessory lien holder the same priority as the possessory lien.

24 In The Immacolata Concezione (1883) 9 PD 37 (“The Immacolata Concezione”),
besides the crew claiming a wage maritime lien, there were three parties
claiming to be entitled to possessory liens:

(a) Alfred Carter (“Carter”), who was a shipwright and the owner of the dock
where the vessel was arrested. His entitlement to a possessory lien over the
vessel was not disputed.

(b) Seaward & Co, who was engaged by the shipowner to undertake part of the
ship repair together with Carter. Seaward & Co claimed that it had an
agreement with Carter that Carter would protect Seaward & Co’s possessory lien
such that both their claims would rank equally.

(c) Robertson & Co, who claimed a possessory lien over certain sails.

25 Butt J held, at 42–43, that he would:

… give priority to Carter over all the other claimants, except the mariners,
so far as regards the claim of the latter for wages up to the 2nd of April …
With regard to the rest of the wages claim it will rank after Carter’s claim,
and also after that of Seaward & Co., if on a reference back of the special
case it is shewn that the latter are by arrangement entitled to rank equally
with Carter. … As regards Robertson & Co., the sailmakers, if they had the
sails in their possession and were deprived of them by the marshal, their
rights must be protected, and they must rank before Carter and Seaward & Co.
As regards the costs of these claims, in each action the decree will include
costs, and in each case, also, they must rank with the claim, and in the wages
action they must rank with what I may term the best part of the claim, that
is, for wages dues to the 2nd of April. I will now only add that Seaward &
Co.’s claim must be referred back to the registrar, and it must be found
whether there was an arrangement between [the shipowner], Seaward & Co., and
Carter that Carter was to protect Seaward & Co.’s lien. If he was to do so,
then the decree will be that Seaward & Co. are to rank with Carter, and if
not, then they must be postponed to Carter. [emphasis added]

Thus, when Butt J issued the foregoing judgment, it was still unclear if
Seaward & Co and Robertson & Co had possessory liens. These questions were
referred back to the registrar by Butt J for fact-finding. Yet, in spite of
this uncertainty, Butt J held that the costs of each claim “must rank with the
claim”.

26 The implications of this holding were as follows. If Seaward & Co succeeded
in establishing its entitlement to a possessory lien, its costs would be
accorded the priority of a possessory lien to rank together with Carter’s
costs. Otherwise, Seaward & Co’s claim would have priority only as a statutory
lien and its costs would also rank accordingly. Similarly, if Robertson & Co
were to succeed in establishing its possessory lien, its costs would rank
ahead of Carter’s and Seaward & Co’s claims. In other words, The Immacolata
Concezione supports Keppel FELS’s position that the existence of a possessory
lien in respect of a claim would affect the priority to be given to the costs
incurred in enforcing that claim in an admiralty action in rem. Had Songa
Offshore’s submission at [16]–[17] above been correct, Butt J would not have
held that costs must rank with the respective claims. Instead, he would have
held that the costs of Carter, Seaward & Co and Robertson & Co should be
accorded only the priority of a statutory lien, to rank pari passu inter se
irrespective of whether any of them succeeded in establishing a possessory
lien.

27 For the foregoing reasons, I accepted that the authorities support Keppel
FELS’ position. Moreover, quite apart from the foregoing authorities, Keppel
FELS’ position is also supported by reference to first principles. In this
regard, a key principle is that the determination of priority is an equitable
jurisdiction. Consequently, the admiralty court has adopted a broad
discretionary approach by reference to considerations of equity, public policy
and commercial expediency, with the ultimate aim of doing that which is just
in the circumstances of each case (D R Thomas, Maritime Liens (Stevens & Sons,
1980) at para 418, cited with approval in The Ruta [2000] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 359 at
[21]).

28 As for the admiralty court’s approach towards the common law possessory
lien, it is useful to start with the following observation by Phillimore J in
The Tergeste [1903] P 26 (“The Tergeste”) at 32–33:

The view which the Admiralty Court took with regard to conflicting claims by
shipwrights having a possessory common law lien, and claims which have been
sustained by process in the Admiralty Court, has been well established, and
has been accepted by this Division of the High Court of Justice. It is that it
is the duty of the material man not to contend with the Admiralty marshal; to
surrender the ship to the officer of the Court, and let the officer of the
Court, under the order of the Court, remove and sell her; but when he has done
that, the Court undertakes that he shall be protected, and that he shall be
put exactly in the same position as if he had not surrendered the ship to the
marshal. [emphasis added]

The possessory lien holder thus surrenders the ship to the admiralty court in
return for an undertaking from the admiralty court to put him “exactly in the
same position as if he had not surrendered the ship”. This raises the question
of what the position of a possessory lien holder would have been if he had not
surrendered the ship.

29 As noted in Hammonds v Barclay (1802) 2 East 227 at 235, the possessory
lien is “a right in one man to retain that which is in his possession
belonging to another, till certain demands of him, the person in possession,
are satisfied”. In other words, a possessory lien holder may retain possession
of the res until he has been paid what is due to him, in return for its
release. Since the possessory lien holder need not initiate legal proceedings
to enforce the possessory lien, such payment for the release of the res would
be payment in full (ie, without deduction for legal costs and without the lien
holder incurring any legal costs to enforce the underlying claim protected by
the possessory lien). However, once the possessory lien holder surrenders the
res to the admiralty court, he would have to commence an in rem action against
the res, in order to obtain a judgment so that he could participate in the
distribution of the proceeds of the judicial sale of the res. It therefore
stands to reason that, in order to make good the admiralty court’s undertaking
to put the possessory lien holder “exactly in the same position as if he had
not surrendered the ship”, the admiralty court ought also to protect the
possessory lien holder’s costs incurred in the said in rem action to the same
extent as the possessory lien itself.

30 Therefore, reasoning from first principles, I decided that considerations
of justice and equity required the court to accord the Disputed Costs the same
priority as the portion of Keppel FELS’ claim for which it had a possessory
lien.

31 Finally, I was fortified in the foregoing conclusion by the fact that a
similar result would obtain pursuant to another provision in the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) which similarly provides for the
surrender of possession by a possessory lien holder in return for protection
by the court of his possessory lien. O 29 r 6 of the ROC provides:

Recovery of movable property subject to lien, etc. (O. 29, r. 6)

6. Where the plaintiff, or the defendant by way of counterclaim, claims the recovery of specific movable property and the party from whom recovery is sought does not dispute the title of the party making the claim but claims to be entitled to retain the property by virtue of a lien or otherwise as security for any sum of money, the Court, at any time after the claim to be so entitled appears from the pleadings (if any) or by affidavit or otherwise to its satisfaction, may order that the party seeking to recover the property be at liberty to pay into Court, to abide the event of the action, the amount of money in respect of which the security is claimed and such further sum (if any) for interest and costs as the Court may direct and that, upon such payment being made, the property claimed be given up to the party claiming it, but subject to the provisions of the Exchange Control Act (Cap. 99).

[emphasis added]

Under this provision, the court may order a possessory lien holder to
surrender the property in question to its owner, upon the owner paying into
court the sum claimed by the possessory lien holder together with interest and
costs. This situation is similar to that explained at [28] above, where the
court requires a possessory lien holder to surrender possession while
undertaking to put the possessory lien holder in the same position as if he
had not surrendered possession. The differences between the two processes are:

(a) in an admiralty in rem action, possession is surrendered to the Sheriff,
while under O 29 r 6, possession is surrendered to the owner; and

(b) in an admiralty in rem action, the interest of the possessory lien holder
is protected by transferring the possessory lien to the proceeds of judicial
sale, while under O 29 r 6, the interest of the possessory lien holder is
protected by the owner paying the claimed amount into court.

32 Under O 29 r 6 of the ROC, the sum to be paid into court by the owner
includes an amount to secure the possessory lien holder’s costs of
establishing his claim in the action. The rationale appears to be that, in
order to put the possessory lien holder in the same position as if he had not
surrendered possession, he must be made whole for costs he would not otherwise
incur to establish his claim, had the owner simply paid his claim in full to
secure the surrender of the property. In my view, similar considerations apply
to the treatment of the common law possessory lien in the context of maritime
claims, and therefore similar results should obtain as a matter of justice and
equity.

Conclusion

33 For the reasons given above, I considered it just and equitable, as well as
principled, to accord the Disputed Costs the same priority as the portion of
Keppel FELS’ claim for which it had a possessory lien. Consequently, I ordered
40% of the Costs of the Action to rank in priority together with limb (c) of
[6] above, and 60% of the Costs of the Action to rank in priority together
with limb (e) of [6] above.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judge

Tan Boon Yong Thomas and Josiah Fong (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the
plaintiff;  
Liang Junhong Daniel (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the intervener.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

