Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 108

Companies Winding Up No 46 of 2020

Between

Ley Choon Constructions and Engineering Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

Yew San Construction Pte Ltd

… Defendant

judgment

[Companies] — [Winding up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ley Choon Constructions and Engineering Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Yew San Construction Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 108

High Court — Companies Winding Up No 46 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
28 February, 6 March, 6 April 2020

26 May 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is the plaintiff’s application under s 254(1)(e) of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) to wind up the defendant on the basis
of an unsatisfied judgment debt. Both parties are incorporated companies. By a
judgment dated 5 December 2019 in Suit No 316 of 2015 (“Judgment”), the
plaintiff obtained judgment against the defendant for the sum of $663,246.73
(“judgment sum”), and interest thereon at the rate of 5.33% per annum from the
date of counterclaim until the date of judgment. On 8 January 2020, the
plaintiff, through its solicitors, served a statutory demand on the defendant
for the judgment sum plus interest. Between 23 January and 4 February 2020,
the parties attempted to negotiate (through their solicitors) the satisfaction
of the statutory demand. The negotiations failed, and on 7 February 2020, the
plaintiff filed the present winding up application on the basis that the
outstanding debt at the time was $831,188.43, comprising the judgment sum plus
interest of $167,941.70. On 21 February 2020, the defendant filed an affidavit
to oppose the application.

2 This winding up application was first heard on 28 February 2020, at which
hearing I granted a one-week adjournment for the defendant to make a firm
proposal to the plaintiff to satisfy the statutory demand. At the second
hearing on 6 March 2020, the parties’ counsel informed the court that the
defendant had offered to make full payment of the judgment sum plus interest
by 3 April 2020, but the plaintiff had insisted upon the same being made
before the second hearing itself, which the defendant did not do. More
importantly, the defendant’s counsel at the time sought a further adjournment
of the winding up application on the basis that parties had filed a cross-
appeal in respect of the Judgment and the defendant had applied for a stay of
execution of the same. I granted the defendant a final five-week adjournment
to 6 April 2020 for it to satisfy its debt to the plaintiff, or otherwise come
to an agreement with it.

3 On 19 March 2020, the defendant’s application for a stay of execution of the
Judgment was heard. The court hearing that application ordered, inter alia,
that:

(a) the judgment sum plus interest (calculated up to 20 July 2020) be paid
into court by 4.30pm on 3 April 2020; and

(b) there will be a stay of execution of the Judgment, pending the appeals,
unless the aforesaid payment into court is not made, in which case the stay
will be automatically lifted.

4 The defendant did not make payment into court by the stipulated deadline. On
3 April 2020, the defendant filed a notice to change its solicitors to its
present counsel, Mr Yam Wern-Jhien. The final hearing for the present winding
up application took place on 6 April 2020. At the hearing, Mr Yam sought a
further adjournment of the winding up application, pending the hearing of the
appeals against the Judgment in July 2020. The plaintiff’s counsel, Mr
Ravindran Chelliah, asked for the defendant to be wound up immediately on the
basis that it is plainly insolvent and had repeatedly failed to live up to its
promises to pay the judgment sum with interest. I find that based on the
unsatisfied statutory demand, the defendant is presumed unable to pay its
debts under s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act. I also find that the defendant
failed to rebut this presumption based on the same reasons (as set out in [8]
below) that the defendant’s insolvency is made out even in the absence of such
a presumption.

5 In oral submissions at the final hearing, the defendant’s counsel argued for
the first time that the plaintiff’s statutory demand might be defective as it
only demanded payment of the judgment sum plus interest, but did not state the
defendant’s alternative options of compounding or securing the same. Although
Mr Chelliah omitted to respond to this point, I do not think it is fatal to
the plaintiff’s application. Mr Yam relied on the dicta by the Court of Appeal
in BNP Paribas v Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 949 (“BNP Paribas”)
to argue that a statutory demand would be defective if it fails to state all
three options available.

6 However, I do not think that is what the decision says. The Court of Appeal
noted (at [11]) that under the Companies Act and the Companies (Winding Up)
Rules (Cap 50, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed), there is actually no express requirement
that a creditor’s statutory demand must state all three options. At [12], it
then referred to the Australian context where even prior to Australian
legislation expressly imposing such a requirement, Australian case law had
already held that a creditor must state all three options in its statutory
demand. Ultimately, however, the Court of Appeal expressly refrained from
suggesting (even as a matter of dicta) that under Singapore law, the
creditor’s statutory demand must state all three options (see also United
Overseas Bank Ltd v Bombay Talkies (S) Pte Ltd [2015] SGHC 142 at [17]).
Instead, it went on to say (at [14]) that:

It is clear that, whether or not there is a requirement to spell out all the
three options, the terms of the demand [in the present case] were misleading
in stating that [the debtor company] would be deemed unable to pay its debts
if it did not pay the sum demanded within 21 days…

[emphasis added]

Having found the statutory demand in that case to be outright misleading, the
Court of Appeal then appeared to imply that s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act
was not complied with. This is different from the present case, in that Mr Yam
did not suggest that beyond a bare omission to state the defendant’s
alternative options, the wording of the plaintiff’s statutory demand was
misleading or untrue.

7 I therefore do not think that the decision in BNP Paribas goes as far as Mr
Yam submitted. Apart from citing BNP Paribas, Mr Yam did not advance any other
argument to support the strict requirement that a statutory demand must state
all three options. I therefore decline to hold the plaintiff to the same,
although I do not exclude the possibility that in a different case, such a
requirement may be properly justified on a different basis. In the present
case, even if there is such a requirement, I do not think that it should be
applied so inflexibly that the statutory demand should be held to be invalid.
There is no evidence that the defendant here was actually misled by the
plaintiff’s omission or that there would be such substantial injustice caused
by the omission that it cannot be remedied as an irregularity under s 392 of
the Companies Act (see BNP Paribas at [14]).

8 I would also add that even if the statutory demand is invalid, the
defendant’s insolvency has been clearly made out. The defendant has produced a
balance sheet for the financial year ending 30 September 2019, which suggests,
on its face, that the defendant is balance sheet solvent insofar as its
current assets ($3,617,706.99) exceeds its current liabilities ($2,479,809.02)
by $1,137,897.97, which is sufficient for now to cover the judgment sum with
interest. That, however, is not the end of the matter. Notwithstanding that
the defendant may be balance sheet solvent, Mr Yam himself has plainly
conceded that the defendant is unable to pay the judgment sum (plus interest)
at this time. The defendant is clearly unable to pay its debts as they fall
due, and it is cash flow insolvent.

9 Having found the defendant to be unable or deemed unable to pay its debts,
the general rule, as set out in the Court of Appeal decision in Metalform Asia
Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 268 (at [61]), is that the
creditor is prima facie entitled to a winding up order ex debito justitiae.
Nonetheless, this general rule is qualified. Mr Yam cited the Court of Appeal
decision in BNP Paribas (at [16], [19] and [20]), which made clear that even
if a debtor company is proved or deemed unable to pay its debts, the court
retains a residual discretion not to wind it up and/or to grant an adjournment
to “allow the company time to resolve the issues at hand or to seek
alternative measures”. In the exercise of this discretion, the court may take
into account various economic and social interests that might be affected,
especially where a “temporarily insolvent but commercially viable company” is
concerned. Mr Yam urged this court to exercise its discretion to adjourn the
application for the third time, pending the appeals of the Judgment scheduled
for July 2020, for the following reasons:

(a) First, the defendant’s cash flow insolvency is only “temporary”. It is
otherwise still “commercially viable”, and has sufficient assets that it can
sell to raise the necessary funds and it simply needs more time to do so.

(b) Second, the only indication of the defendant’s insolvency is its inability
to satisfy the debt owed to the plaintiff. On appeal, the judgment sum could
be set aside, reversed, or reduced in amount, and there is hence a possibility
that the defendant might be needlessly wound up.

(c) Third, winding up the defendant would adversely affect the interests of
its 37 employees, as well as the public interest (since it has three ongoing
public housing projects that would be disrupted).

10 I am unable to accept Mr Yam’s argument that the defendant’s cash flow
insolvency is only “temporary”. By the defendant’s own admission, its plans to
raise the necessary funds through the sale of its equipment have been
scuppered by the ongoing pandemic. I agree with Mr Chelliah that the evidence
does not disclose any real prospect that the defendant will be able to follow
through with its supposed plans anytime soon. The defendant also claimed that
it has three ongoing high-value projects that can generate about $3,737,829.80
in revenue over the next three to fourth months, assuming that it is able to
continue its works. Its general manager, Mr Leo Kim San, stated on affidavit
that based on the defendant’s historical figures, its estimated profit margin
is between 20% to 30%, and its estimated profits from the total balance of
work undone would therefore be between $747,565.96 to $1,121,348.94. Although
these figures appear substantial, Mr Leo cited no evidence at all for the
calculation of these profit margins. Importantly, it is also entirely unclear
what portion of these revenue streams (or profits) is available to pay the
defendant’s debt to the plaintiff, given that it has many other liabilities to
meet. I therefore cannot accept Mr Yam’s submission that the defendant’s cash
flow insolvency is merely temporary.

11 Mr Yam further argued that apart from its cash flow constraints, the
defendant is otherwise “commercially viable”. He referred to the same balance
sheet for the financial year ending 30 September 2019, which showed that the
defendant had made a net profit of $135,723.41. However, as the plaintiff’s
Chief Financial Officer, Mr Goh Seng Huat, pointed out on affidavit, when
compared to its total revenue (of $7,590,069), the defendant had a relatively
low net profit margin of about 1.79%. As the plaintiff also highlighted, in
absolute terms, the defendant’s net profits would cover only a small fraction
of the judgment sum (plus interest) owed to the plaintiff. While the defendant
says that 2019 was a particularly challenging year for the construction
industry, it produced no evidence to show that its position would be any
better under “normal” conditions. In my view, the defendant is at the very
most, just barely commercially viable and certainly fails to meet the standard
required to justify the exercise of the court’s discretion to adjourn the
winding up proceedings despite its cash flow insolvency.

12 Turning to Mr Yam’s second submission, I am unable to give it much weight
either. That a judgment might be successfully appealed is undoubtedly a proper
consideration in an application for a stay of execution of that very judgment.
As mentioned, the court hearing that application had already ordered a stay as
set out at [3] above, subject to a condition requiring payment into court,
with which condition the defendant did not comply. To raise this same argument
before me has little merit since the Judgment remains good (until such time it
is set aside or reversed), and the judgment sum (plus interest) remains due
and owing. It may be said that when a party files an appeal, he has at least a
possibility, however remote, that it might succeed. I cannot accept Mr Yam’s
submission that such a bare possibility would automatically justify the
adjournment or staying of winding up proceedings, especially in the absence of
a stay of execution of the Judgment itself.

13 Lastly, Mr Yam’s third submission has no merit. It is obvious that in
virtually all winding up applications, the employees of the debtor company and
the stakeholders in its various ongoing projects are likely to be adversely
affected. Even considering these interests in the present case, I agree with
Mr Chelliah there is nothing exceptional about the employment provided by the
defendant nor its involvement in the mentioned public housing projects to
justify a departure from the general rule.

14 Taking the factors from [9] to [13] above into consideration, I decline to
exercise my discretion to grant a stay or further adjournment of this winding
up application. As Mr Chelliah highlighted, I have already adjourned this
matter twice before — first, for a week, and subsequently, for five weeks. I
have emphasised to the defendant at every step of the way that it needs to
satisfy its debt to the plaintiff, or otherwise make an offer to the plaintiff
which it accepts, but the defendant has thus far either neglected or been
unable to do so. Furthermore, I had considered whether it would be appropriate
to grant a stay or adjournment of these winding up proceedings, pending the
appeals against the Judgment, on the condition that the defendant pays the
judgment sum plus interest into court by a specified date. However, this would
be futile in the present case given Mr Yam’s candid admission that the
defendant is unable to pay the said debt at this time. Furthermore, the
defendant did not say when it might be able to do so, and did not even explain
its failure to comply with the same condition that had been imposed on the
initial stay of execution of the Judgment.

15 For the reasons above, I grant the first, second and third prayers of the
plaintiff’s application (as amended according to Mr Chelliah’s closing
submissions) in the following terms:

(a) That a winding up order be made against the defendant;

(b) That Lau Chin Huat and Yeo Boon Keong be appointed as the joint and
several liquidators of the defendant; and

(c) That the costs of the proceedings be taxed, if not agreed or fixed, and be
paid to the plaintiff out of the assets of the defendant.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Ravindran Chelliah and Ng Jie Zhen Amy (Chelliah & Kiang LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Yam Wern-Jhien and Bethel Chan Ruiyi (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

