Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 72

Admiralty in Personam No 60 of 2019

(Summons No 2432 of 2019)

Between

(1)| AS Fortuna Opco BV  
---|---  
(2)| AS Fortuna Shipco CV  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Sea Consortium Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| APL Co Pte Ltd  
(3)| Ocean Network Express Pte Ltd  
(4)| All other persons claiming or being entitled to claim damages by reason
of, or arising out of, the vessel “AS Fortuna” running aground at or around
Guayaquil, Ecuador on or around 13 September 2018  
(5)| X-Press Container Line (UK) Ltd  
(6)| Comercializadora & Exportadora de Cacao Joerbry SA  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Limitation of liabilities] — [Tonnage limitations]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
AS Fortuna Opco BV and another

  

v

  

Sea Consortium Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGHC 72

High Court — Admiralty in Personam No 60 of 2019 (Summons No 2432 of 2019)  
Pang Khang Chau J  
11, 26 November, 6 December 2019

14 April 2020

Pang Khang Chau J:

Introduction

1 By this limitation action, the Plaintiffs sought to limit their liability
and constitute a limitation fund in respect of claims arising from the running
aground of the vessel AS Fortuna (“the Vessel”) at or around Guayaquil,
Ecuador on or around 13 September 2018 (“the Incident”).

2 The 1st Plaintiff is the registered owner of the Vessel. The 2nd Plaintiff
is a limited partnership organised under the laws of the Netherlands, of which
the 1st Plaintiff is the General Partner. The Defendants are potential
claimants against the Plaintiffs and/or the Vessel in respect of the Incident.

3 None of the Defendants contested the Plaintiffs’ entitlement to limit
liability and constitute a limitation fund. They also did not oppose the
Plaintiffs’ application to have the limitation fund constituted by way of a
letter of undertaking from a Protection and Indemnity Club (“LOU”). The only
issues in dispute before me were:

(a) the applicable interest rate to be provided for in the LOU in respect of
the period after the constitution of the limitation fund (“the post-
constitution interest rate”); and

(b) the appropriate costs order to be made.

These are my grounds of decisions on the foregoing two issues.

Interest rate on limitation funds

4 The parties were in agreement that:

(a) the limitation fund should include interest from the date of the Incident
to the date of constitution of the limitation fund (“the pre-constitution
interest”), calculated at 5.33% per annum;

(b) this pre-constitution interest rate is applicable to both funds
constituted by payment into court and funds constituted by production of LOUs;

(c) a shipowner constituting a limitation fund by payment into court need not
concern itself with post-constitution interest, as it is expected that the
fund would earn interest while remaining in court, and the interest so earned
would be added to the fund for the benefit of persons claiming against the
fund; and

(d) conversely, provision ought to be made for post-constitution interest
where a limitation fund is constituted by way of a guarantee or LOU.

5 Regarding the appropriate post-constitution interest rate, the Plaintiffs
proposed the rate of 2% per annum while the 2nd and 3rd Defendants proposed
the rate of 5.33% per annum.

Parties’ submissions

6 The Plaintiffs brought to my attention the following local precedents
concerning limitation funds constituted by production of LOUs:

(a) Pacific International Lines (Pte) Ltd and others v Govan Mani & Co Pty Ltd
and others HC/ADM 17/2016 (28 March 2017) (“Pacific International Lines”)
which fixed both the pre- and post-constitution interest rates at 5.33% per
annum;

(b) Thoresen Shipping Singapore Pte Ltd and others v Global Symphony SA and
others HC/ADM 46/2017 (25 July 2017) which fixed the pre-constitution interest
rate at 5.33% per annum and the post-constitution interest rate at 2% per
annum; and

(c) Falcon Grace Pte Ltd and others v Vopak Terminals Singapore Pte Ltd and
others HC/ADM 116/2017 (19 April 2018) which fixed the pre-constitution
interest rate at 5.33% per annum and the post-constitution interest rate at 2%
per annum.

7 The Plaintiffs submitted that the guiding principle is that the claimants’
position should not differ depending on whether the limitation fund is
constituted by payment into court or by production of an LOU. If the
limitation fund were paid into court, it would earn interest while the moneys
remained in court, but the interest so earned would not be as high as 5.33%
per annum. Therefore, the post-constitution interest rate applicable to a
limitation fund constituted by way of an LOU should not be 5.33% per annum.
Instead, it should approximate the interest that would be earned by moneys
paid into court. The Plaintiff suggested that 2% per annum would be a good
approximation.

8 The 3rd Defendant made two submissions. First, 2% per annum was probably an
underestimation of the interest that could be earned on moneys paid into
court. Secondly, since the Plaintiffs were not paying the limitation fund into
court, they would retain the use of the moneys and would likely generate a
higher return for themselves compared to the interest that could be earned on
moneys paid into court. The Plaintiffs should therefore pay more in post-
constitution interest than the interest which could be earned on moneys paid
into court.

9 The 2nd Defendant submitted that there was a clear difference between
payment into court and production of an LOU. In the latter case, the shipowner
retains continued use of the moneys after the limitation fund is constituted,
in the same way that it had use of the same moneys prior to the constitution
of the fund. Therefore, if 5.33% per annum was a fair interest rate to adopt
for the period before the constitution of the fund, it should equally apply to
the period after the constitution of the fund.

10 The Plaintiffs responded that fixing the post-constitution interest rate at
5.33% per annum would discourage the use of LOUs to constitute limitation
funds. It would also remove the incentive to constitute limitation funds early
in cases where the limitation fund is constituted by way of an LOU.

Analysis

11 Pursuant to s 136 of the Merchant Shipping Act (Cap 179, 1996 Rev Ed)
(“MSA”), the Convention on Limitation of Liability for Maritime Claims
(adopted on 19 November 1976) 1456 UNTS 221 (entered into force 1 December
1986) (“1976 Convention”) is given force of law in Singapore (with the
exception of Arts 2(1)(d) and (e) thereof).

Pre-constitution interest rate

12 Art 11(1) of the 1976 Convention provides for a limitation fund to be:

… constituted in the sum of such of the amounts set out in Articles 6 and 7 as
are applicable to claims for which [the person constituting the fund] may be
liable, together with interest thereon from the date of the occurrence giving
rise to the liability until the date of the constitution of the fund.
[emphasis added]

The italicised text in the above quotation refers to pre-constitution interest
on the limitation fund. As the 1976 Convention is silent on the interest rate
to be applied in computing this pre-constitution interest, the matter falls,
by virtue of Art 14 of the 1976 Convention, to be governed by the law of the
State in which the fund is constituted. In this regard, s 139(1) of the MSA
provides that the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (“MPA”) “may, from
time to time, by order prescribe the rate of interest to be applied for the
purposes of paragraph 1 of Article 11 of the Convention”. To date, no such
order has been made.

13 The question therefore arises as to how the applicable interest rate may be
determined in the absence of such an order. Section 139(1) of the MSA is
drafted in a permissive, as opposed to mandatory, manner. It does not provide
that the pre-constitution interest rate to be applied shall be as prescribed
by the MPA. Instead, it merely empowers the MPA to prescribe the interest rate
to be applied if it chooses to do so. The court is therefore not precluded, in
the absence of orders made pursuant to s 139(1) of the MSA, from determining
the pre-constitution interest rate in accordance with the general law,
including case law.

14 As noted in The Funabashi [1972] 1 WLR 666 (“The Funabashi”) at 668C, the
“Admiralty court has always awarded interest on a limitation fund”. Initially,
English courts took reference from the statutory interest rate on judgment
debts (see eg, The Theems [1938] P 197 at 201). In later years, they took
reference instead from how pre-judgment interest on debts and damages were
determined (see eg, The Funabashi and The Garden City (No 2) [1984] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 37 at 51). In Singapore, s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)
leaves the award of pre-judgment interest to the discretion of the court. In
practice, Singapore courts generally award pre-judgment interest at the same
rate as the statutory interest rate on judgment debts, which currently stands
at 5.33% per annum (O 42 r 12(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed) (“ROC”) read with para 77(5) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions).

15 In the light of the foregoing, I accepted the parties’ agreed position that
a pre-constitution interest rate of 5.33% per annum was appropriate.

Post-constitution interest rate for limitation funds constituted by LOU

16 As for post-constitution interest, since no written grounds were issued in
any of the three local cases cited at [6] above, I was not able to discern why
the post-constitution interest rate was 5.33% per annum in one case and 2% per
annum in the other two cases. I therefore had to consider the issue from first
principles.

17 As a starting point, the 1976 Convention is silent on whether a limitation
fund constituted by producing a guarantee (or LOU) should provide for post-
constitution interest. The only guidance given in the 1976 Convention is that
the guarantee (or LOU) should be “acceptable under the legislation of the
State Party where the fund is constituted and considered to be adequate by the
Court or other competent authority” (Art 11(2)). In this regard, the relevant
Singapore legislation is O 70 r 36A(1)(b) of the ROC, which provides that the
court may allow a limitation fund to be constituted “by producing a letter of
undertaking from a Protection and Indemnity Club acceptable to the Court”. The
question therefore was what provision ought to be made for post-constitution
interest in order that an LOU may be “considered to be adequate by the Court”
and/or “acceptable to the Court”.

18 In my view, for an LOU to be adequate or acceptable, it should place the
claimants in a position no worse than if the limitation fund had been
constituted by payment into court. I therefore considered that an LOU ought to
make provision for post-constitution interest at a rate which approximates the
interest which could be earned on a limitation fund paid into court during the
period that the fund remains in court.

19 There is no need for the court to go beyond this principle and take into
account any higher returns that the shipowner could generate for itself by
retaining the use of the moneys representing the limitation fund. If a
shipowner considers it financially advantageous to constitute a limitation
fund by production of an LOU where doing so would not make the claimants worse
off, I did not think considerations of fairness and equity require the court
to cream off any such financial advantage. The court’s role in this regard
should be focused on ensuring that the claimants are not made worse off by the
shipowner’s decision to constitute the limitation fund by production of an
LOU.

20 To apply the foregoing principles, I sought information from the Supreme
Court Registry on the amount of interest earned previously on limitation funds
paid into court. I was informed that these funds had not earned any interest
in the past. This was because, unlike court orders for payment into court of
proceeds of judicial sale of vessels, previous orders to pay limitation funds
into court did not contain a direction pursuant to O 90 r 12(4) of the ROC to
deposit the moneys in an interest bearing bank account. In my view, there is
no reason in principle why such a direction should not be made in relation to
limitation funds paid into court. In future, parties seeking to constitute
limitation funds by payment into court should include a prayer for a direction
under O 90 r 12(4) of the ROC in their applications, so that claimants are not
shortchanged by the failure to earn interest while the limitation fund remains
in court.

21 On the assumption that, in future, all payments of limitation funds into
court would be accompanied by a direction under O 90 r 12(4) of the ROC, I
sought information from the Supreme Court Registry on the amount of interest
earned previously on moneys paid into court pursuant to other types of
applications where a direction under O 90 r 12(4) of the ROC had been made.
The data revealed that the interest rate depended on when the payment in was
made, as well as when the rollover of bank fixed deposits occurred during the
time the moneys remained in court. In recent months, the interest rate had
been as high as 2.27% per annum.

Conclusion on post-constitution interest rate

22 In the circumstances, I decided that 2.5% per annum would be an appropriate
post-constitution interest rate. It approximates the actual interest rate
obtainable on money paid into court, with a slight buffer built in so that
claimants are not made to bear the risk of interest rate fluctuations while
the LOU remains in force.

Costs of uncontested limitation decrees

23 The 3rd Defendant submitted that the Plaintiffs should pay the Defendants’
costs as that was the “usual order”. The 2nd Defendant echoed the 3rd
Defendant’s position and further submitted that the costs to be paid by the
Plaintiffs should include the costs of investigative work undertaken by the
Defendants in order to decide whether to contest the Plaintiffs’ right to
limit liability. In support of the foregoing contentions, the 3rd Defendant
brought to my attention the following passage from Griggs, William & Farr,
Limitation of Liability for Maritime Claims (Informa, 4th Ed, 2005)
(“Limitation of Liability for Maritime Claims”) at p 72:

(ii) General costs of limitation

It is submitted that in all cases involving limitation the claimant will need
to establish liability, the size of the limitation fund and the amount of the
likely claim before deciding whether it is necessary (or feasible) to
challenge the [shipowner’s] right to invoke limitation. The reasonable costs
of this important initial investigative work should be recoverable from the
[shipowner]. The claimant will be exposed in relation to his own costs and
those of the [shipowner’s] if he pursues the issue of limitation beyond that
point.

[emphasis added]

24 The Plaintiffs responded that, while the 2nd and 3rd Defendants’
submissions may reflect the position before the 1976 Convention, that position
should no longer apply under the 1976 Convention. This was because the 1976
Convention reversed the burden of proof for breaking limits. Consequently, the
Plaintiffs should be liable only for the costs incurred in establishing the
matters for which the Plaintiffs bore the burden of proof, and should not be
liable for the costs of investigative work undertaken by the Defendants in
order to decide whether to contest the Plaintiffs’ right to limit liability.

Analysis

25 It would be convenient to begin the analysis with the case of The “Alletta”
(No 2) [1972] 2 QB 399 (“Alletta (No 2)”). The case concerned a limitation
action brought pursuant to s 503 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 (c 60)
(UK), under which the shipowners bore the burden of proving that the
occurrences in respect of which limitation of liability were sought took place
“without their actual fault and privity”. The first defendants in Alletta (No
2) unsuccessfully contested the plaintiffs’ entitlement to limit liability. On
the issue of costs, Dunn J held as follows (at 405E):

In exercising my discretion, I propose to follow the practice long established
in the Admiralty court and to order the plaintiffs to pay the costs of
obtaining an undefended decree, but so far as the costs of the contested issue
of actual fault and privity are concerned, those costs will follow the event
and will be paid by the first defendants to the plaintiffs. [emphasis added]

26 As for the exact form of the order to give effect to Dunn J’s ruling, the
plaintiffs submitted that the plaintiffs should pay the defendants’ costs down
to 9 July 1968, and the first defendants should pay the plaintiffs’ costs
thereafter. The plaintiffs reasoned that, as 9 July 1968 was the date the
summons came before the registrar and he ordered pleadings, the limitation
decree could have been made by the registrar on that day had there been no
contest by the first defendants. The first defendants submitted that 11
October 1971 would be the more appropriate date, as that was the date of the
order for directions. Dunn J picked 1 July 1971 as the appropriate date,
giving the following reasons (at 405H–406A):

I bear in mind that under the Rules of the Supreme Court defendants to
limitation actions are entitled to time for further inquiries before a decree
is made, even a decree by the registrar, and that in this case as in many
cases foreign owners and evidence of foreign practice were involved. Therefore
I do not think it reasonable to assume that the registrar would have made an
order on July 9, 1968. Reasonable time must be given to parties and their
advisers to investigate the plaintiffs’ case and to decide whether or not to
dispute it. In this case discovery was given by the plaintiffs by November
1970 and, doing the best I can between the parties, I think that July 1, 1971,
is a reasonable date by which the defendants should have completed all
inquiries.

27 Although Alletta (No 2) was a decision on costs in a contested application,
Dunn J had equated the “costs of obtaining an undefended decree” with the
costs incurred till 1 July 1971. It was therefore a premise of Alletta (No 2)
that, in an uncontested application, the plaintiff should pay the defendant’s
costs reasonably incurred in investigating the plaintiff’s case in order to
decide whether or not to dispute it.

28 Alletta (No 2) was subsequently considered in The “Capitan San Luis” [1993]
2 Lloyd’s Rep 573 (“Capitan San Luis”), which similarly involved a contested
application where the claimant unsuccessfully contested the shipowner’s right
to limit liability. On costs, the main issue was whether the principles laid
down in Alletta (No 2) should continue to apply, now that Art 4 of the 1976
Convention placed the burden on a claimant contesting limitation to prove that
the loss resulted from the shipowner’s “personal act or omission, committed
with the intent to cause such loss, or recklessly and with knowledge that such
loss would probably result”. Clarke J held that those principles should no
longer apply, remarking (at 578) that:

There is a radical difference between the case where the shipowner must prove
that the damage occurred without his actual fault or privity before he is
entitled to a decree and the case where the shipowner is entitled to a decree
unless the claimant proves either that he intended to cause the loss or that
he acted recklessly and with knowledge that damage would probably result.

29 Clarke J went on to hold (at 579) that:

… the shipowner must pay the costs of proving those matters which he must
prove in order to obtain a decree and that the claimant must pay the costs of
investigating and determining the facts which the Convention provides that he
must prove if, at the end of the day, he fails to establish those facts.

This holding consists of two limbs. First, the shipowner should pay the costs
in relation to those matters for which the burden of proof lies on it.
Secondly, the claimant should pay the costs of investigating and determining
the facts for which the burden of proof lies on it, if it fails to establish
those facts.

30 The first limb is phrased in a manner which applies to both contested and
uncontested applications (in the same way that the first limb of the ruling in
Alletta (No 2) was applicable to both contested and uncontested applications).
The second limb is phrased in a manner which applies only to contested
applications. In other words, Capitan San Luis did not deal directly with what
the position ought to be for the costs items referred to in the second limb in
an uncontested application. Nevertheless, the clear implication, from the way
Capitan San Luis departed from Alletta (No 2), is that the shipowner no longer
has to pay the claimant’s costs for these items even in an uncontested
application under the 1976 Convention.

31 What then of the passage from Limitation of Liability on Maritime Claims
cited by the 3rd Defendant at [23] above? I did not think that passage
supported the 2nd and 3rd Defendants’ position. While the passage states that
the “costs of this important initial investigative work should be recoverable”
by the claimant from the shipowner, the use of the word “this” indicates that
the “investigative work” contemplated relates only to the matters listed in
the preceding sentence – ie, liability, size of the limitation fund and amount
of the likely claim. The list does not include matters which, pursuant to Art
4 of the 1976 Convention, the claimant must prove in order to break
limitation.

32 Having said that, I should also point out that it was not entirely clear to
me why the list in the passage includes “liability” and “amount of the likely
claim”. Since the 1976 Convention does not place on the shipowner the burden
of proof for these two matters, I did not see why the shipowner should bear
the claimant’s costs of looking into these two matters.

33 Having established that, in an uncontested application, the shipowner need
not pay the claimant’s costs of investigating and determining the facts for
which the burden of proof lies on the claimants, the question that remained
was whether the court should swing to the other end of the spectrum and
require claimants to pay the shipowner’s costs in relation to such matters
even in an uncontested application.

34 In the present case, after the application was filed, the 2nd and 3rd
Defendants sought information from the Plaintiffs concerning the Incident in
order to decide whether to oppose the Plaintiffs’ application to limit
liability. Several rounds of requests and voluntary disclosures took place
before the 2nd and 3rd Defendants decided not to contest the Plaintiffs’ right
to limit liability. No applications were made for discovery under O 70 r 37(6)
of the ROC.

35 While the Plaintiffs would have incurred costs in attending to the 2nd and
3rd Defendants’ requests, I did not think the 2nd and 3rd Defendants should be
asked to pay such costs. In this regard, O 70 r 37(6) of the ROC provides that
where it appears to the Registrar that “any defendant has not sufficient
information to enable him to decide whether or not to dispute that the
plaintiff has a right to limit his liability”, directions shall be given to
enable the defendant to obtain such information. This underscores that
procedural fairness requires claimants to be provided with such information,
which are often known only to the shipowner. Imposing this category of costs
against the claimants would hamper legitimate requests for such information.

Conclusion on costs

36 In the light of the foregoing discussion, the following principles should
apply to costs of uncontested limitation decrees:

(a) The shipowner should pay the claimants’ costs in relation to those matters
for which the burden of proof lies on the shipowner. These would include
establishing the shipowner’s prima facie right to limit liability pursuant to
Arts 1, 2 and 3 of the 1976 Convention and determining the limitation amount
pursuant to Arts 6 and 7 of the 1976 Convention. Where an LOU is used to
constitute the limitation fund, it will also include establishing the LOU’s
adequacy and acceptability.

(b) In respect of matters for which the burden of proof lies on the claimant
(eg, facts required to break limitation pursuant to Art 4 of the 1976
Convention), while the claimant is entitled to seek and be given such
information as to enable it to decide whether or not to dispute the
shipowner’s right to limit its liability, each party should bear its own costs
in this regard.

(c) Where an application for discovery is made pursuant to O 70 r 37(6), the
costs of such discovery application should follow the event.

(d) The foregoing principles are subject always to costs being in the
discretion of the court.

37 For the foregoing reasons, I ordered the Plaintiffs to pay the Defendants’
costs in relation to:

(a) the establishment of the Plaintiffs’ prima facie right to limit liability
pursuant to Arts 1, 2 and 3 of the 1976 Convention;

(b) the calculation of the size of the limitation fund; and

(c) the consideration of the adequacy and acceptability of the draft LOU.

I also ordered each party to bear its own costs in relation to investigative
work done to allow the Defendants to decide whether to invoke Art 4 of the
1976 Convention.

Epilogue

38 After I granted leave for the Plaintiffs to constitute the limitation fund
by producing an LOU, the Plaintiffs deposited the executed LOU in court on 29
November 2019. On 4 December 2019, the Plaintiffs filed an application for
leave to replace the LOU.

39 The need for such replacement arose from Art 8 of the 1976 Convention,
which requires the limitation amount to be converted from Special Drawing
Rights into the national currency of the State in which limitation is sought,
based on the conversion rate prevailing on the date of constitution of the
limitation fund. In the case of an LOU, this would refer to the conversion
rate prevailing on the day that the LOU is produced in court. However, the
conversion rate prevailing on any particular day is not published by the
International Monetary Fund until after the close of business in Singapore for
that day. This means that, at the time the LOU is produced, the shipowner
would not know for certain the prevailing conversion rate for that day. The
shipowner would only know what the applicable conversion rate is after it had
produced the LOU.

40 A practice has therefore arisen whereby the shipowner would first produce
an LOU using an estimated conversion rate (usually, the conversion rate
prevailing on the day before) (“the Initial LOU”). If it turns out that the
actual conversion rate prevailing on the day of production of the Initial LOU
differs from the estimated conversion rate used in the Initial LOU, the
shipowner would replace the Initial LOU with another LOU using the correct
conversion rate. I saw no objection to this practice, as any perceived
irregularities about the Initial LOU having used the wrong conversion rate
would be cured by the replacement LOU. I therefore granted the Plaintiffs’
application and ordered that the replacement LOU be treated as if it had been
deposited in court on 29 November 2019.

41 By way of guidance for parties, I would suggest that future applications
should include a prayer for leave to replace the Initial LOU in the manner
described above. This would obviate the costs and trouble of taking out a
separate application after depositing the Initial LOU in court. This was the
approach adopted in Pacific International Lines ([6(a)] supra).

Pang Khang Chau  
Judge

Chen Zhida and Huang Peide (Helmsman LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Ganesh Bharath Ratnam (Gurbani & Co LLC) for the first and fifth defendants;  
Ang Hui Ming Vivian and Douglas Lok Bao Guang (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
second defendant;  
Loo Dip Seng (Ang & Partners) for the third defendant;  
The fourth defendant not present and unrepresented;  
Yeo Wen Yi Brenna (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the sixth defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

