Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 51

Civil Appeal No 184 of 2019

Between

| PUBG Corporation  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Garena International I Private Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Li Xiaodong  
(3)| Garena Limited  
(4)| Sea Limited (formerly known as Garena Interactive Holding Limited)  
(5)| Garena Online Private Limited  
  
… Respondents

ex tempore judgment

[Arbitration] — [Stay of court proceedings] — [Case management stay of
proceedings] — [Validity of settlement agreement containing arbitration
clause]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
PUBG Corp

  

v

  

Garena International I Pte Ltd and others

[2020] SGCA 51

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 184 of 2019  
Sundaresh Menon CJ and Quentin Loh J  
19 May 2020

19 May 2020

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of a High Court judge (“the Judge”),
who ordered that pending court proceedings between the present parties be
stayed. The Judge made this order on case management grounds, given that there
was a related issue between the same parties that had been submitted to
arbitration. She thought that it was logical for the arbitration to be
resolved before the court proceedings were allowed to proceed. By way of a
brief outline, the appellant, PUBG Corporation, commenced an action against
the five respondents in the High Court alleging the infringement of its
intellectual property rights. The parties entered into negotiations in an
attempt to reach a settlement. The respondents contend that a settlement
agreement was concluded and that it contains an arbitration clause. The
appellant disputed that a valid settlement was concluded and wished to
prosecute the proceedings it commenced in court. Faced with this position, the
respondents commenced arbitration against the appellant to determine the
validity of the settlement (“the Arbitration”). The Judge decided that the
court proceedings should be stayed pending the resolution of the Arbitration.
The sole question for us is whether she was correct in that determination. For
the reasons that follow, we agree with the Judge and therefore dismiss the
present appeal.

Background facts

2 The appellant is the developer of a popular computer software game, and on
23 March 2018 it commenced court proceedings against the five respondents,
alleging copyright infringement and passing off.

3 Between September and November 2018, timelines in the court proceedings were
suspended to allow the parties to reach a settlement. On 14 November 2018, the
appellant offered settlement on certain terms by signing and sending a
proposed settlement agreement (hereinafter, “the SA”) to the respondents by
email. The respondents did not countersign or otherwise indicate their
acceptance of the settlement terms for a considerable time. According to the
appellant, this was because the settlement discussions in respect of the court
proceedings took place in the context of wider negotiations involving the
licensing of the appellant’s computer game to the respondents in other
regions. The appellant contends that it was aware that the respondents would
not sign the SA until all negotiations were concluded. It is undisputed that
the respondents did not sign the SA for several months.

4 On 12 April 2019, seemingly without any prior intimation, the respondents
purported to accept the appellant’s offer of settlement by countersigning the
SA and returning it by email to the appellant’s solicitors. The appellant’s
solicitors responded on 16 April 2019, protesting that the offer contained in
the SA was no longer capable of being accepted, and that accordingly there was
no valid settlement.

5 Clause 7.2 of the SA provides for “any dispute, controversy, claim or
difference of any kind” arising in connection with the SA to be resolved by
arbitration. Pursuant to cl 7.2, on 29 April 2019, the respondents commenced
the Arbitration against the appellant, contending that it had acted in breach
of the terms of the SA by refusing to recognise the existence of a binding
settlement.

6 On 30 April 2019, the respondents applied for a stay of the court
proceedings on case management grounds, pending the resolution of the
Arbitration. It may be noted that the key issue in the Arbitration is the
validity of the SA, and whether it effects a full and final settlement of all
the claims which constitute the subject-matter of the proceedings in court.

7 In the meantime, the Arbitration has been progressing steadily. A three-
member tribunal was appointed by the parties, with the participation of the
appellant, and the hearing has been fixed for 3 August 2020. The parties have
filed their respective written cases in the Arbitration. The appellant
estimates that the tribunal is expected to render its award sometime in
November 2020, at the earliest.

The decisions below

8 The respondents’ application for a case management stay was dismissed by the
Assistant Registrar. On appeal, the Judge granted the stay, on the basis that
it was appropriate to allow the question of validity of the SA to be
determined first rather than allow the trial to proceed concurrently with the
Arbitration without first resolving the validity issue. The stay was a limited
time stay that has since expired, but on 23 March 2020, the Judge extended the
stay for a further six months. The appellant now appeals the decision of the
Judge to grant the stay.

Our decision

9 As we have noted above, we are satisfied that the appeal should be
dismissed. We make some brief observations about the intersection between the
court proceedings and the arbitration in this case, which is at the heart of
our decision to uphold the stay.

10 The applicable principles on which a court should exercise its inherent
power to stay court proceedings on case management grounds, pending the
resolution of a related arbitration were developed in our decision in
Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and anor v Silica Investors Ltd and or appeals [2016] 1
SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”). In the proceedings below and in the submissions before
us, much attention was directed at applying the factors and observations set
out in Tomolugen and our more recent decision in Rex International Holding Ltd
and anor v Gulf Hibiscus Ltd [2019] 2 SLR 682 (“Rex International”). Although
the principles developed in those cases are generally relevant, we caution
against their application in a mechanical way without regard to the particular
circumstances giving rise to the stay application in each of these cases.

11 Tomolugen concerned a court action involving multiple defendants, only one
of whom was party to an arbitration clause with the plaintiff that covered
some of the issues in dispute. A mandatory stay under s 6 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) was granted in respect of the
sole issue falling within the arbitration clause. This gave rise to a
multiplicity of proceedings with some matters involving some parties and some
issues in arbitration, and other parties and other issues in court. The court
was confronted with the question of case management, either by ordering a stay
of the remaining issues in the court proceedings against the defendant who was
privy to the arbitration clause, or by staying the court proceedings against
the remaining defendants until after the conclusion of the arbitration
proceedings with the defendant who was party to the arbitration agreement. It
was in that context that we remarked that it is ultimately for the court to
take the lead in facilitating the fair and efficient resolution of the dispute
as a whole. The grant of a case management stay of court proceedings, where a
related arbitration is ongoing, is a balance between three imperatives or
“higher-order concerns”: preserving the plaintiff’s right to choose whom to
sue and where; upholding agreements to arbitrate; and preventing an abuse of
process: Tomolugen at [186] and [188].

12 On the other hand, Rex International was a case where the plaintiff
commenced court proceedings against the defendants, who applied for and
obtained a case management stay on the ground that the plaintiff had an
arbitration agreement with the defendants’ subsidiary. As we noted in our
judgment, that stay should not have been granted in the first place. There was
no arbitration agreement between the parties to the court proceedings. The
defendants were not seeking a stay in order to arbitrate a dispute with the
plaintiff; rather, the stay was sought to shield the defendants from the
plaintiff’s claims and direct the plaintiff to pursue legal proceedings
against an entirely different party, when it was the plaintiff’s right to
choose how and against whom it wished to frame its case.

13 We reiterate that the inherent power to stay court proceedings where
related issues involving some or all of the same parties are also subject to
an arbitration agreement must be exercised with due sensitivity and regard to
the facts and in particular, the nature of the overlapping issues: Tomolugen
at [186]; Rex International at [11].

14 In the present case, the appellant commenced court proceedings against the
respondents claiming that its intellectual property rights had been infringed.
While that dispute was working its way through the courts, the parties
attempted to settle this and that has spawned a secondary dispute in relation
to whether a valid settlement was concluded. The appellant contends that as
between the court proceedings and the Arbitration, there is no “overlap” in
factual or legal issues in the sense conveyed in Tomolugen. At a superficial
level, those disputes concern distinct issues, since the proceedings in court
do not concern the settlement at all and the Arbitration does not concern the
infringement claims at all. But such an analysis wholly fails to capture the
real essence of the situation before us. To put it simply, if there is a valid
settlement that has the effect of compromising the underlying claims, the
court proceedings cannot proceed; and if there is no valid settlement, then
the court proceedings must proceed.

15 In this light, it becomes obvious, given the contentions of each party,
that the existence or otherwise of a valid settlement be resolved first. It
makes no sense at all for the court proceedings to continue, if there has been
a valid settlement. As we noted in Rakna Arakshaka Lanka Ltd v Avant Garde
Maritime Services (Pte) Ltd [2019] 2 SLR 131 at [95], the effect of a
settlement is to put an end to the proceedings, to preclude parties from
taking any further steps in the action, and to supersede the original cause of
action altogether. For that reason, the question of whether a settlement
agreement exists is often tried as a preliminary issue (see also our
observations in Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and anor [2012] 1 SLR 457 at
[53]).

16 If, as seems obvious to us, the validity of the settlement must be resolved
first, the only remaining question is which forum is to do that. In truth, the
stance of the present actions point clearly to the answer. The appellant has
not raised the validity of the SA in the court proceedings. Those proceedings
concern the substantive question of the alleged infringement of the
appellant’s intellectual property rights. The respondents on the other hand
have commenced the Arbitration to determine that precise question and as we
have noted, the tribunal has been empanelled and will in due course give its
award after hearing the parties. The respondents have done this on the basis
of cl 7.2 of the SA, which they maintain is a valid arbitration agreement. It
is true that cl 7.2 is contained in the SA and the appellant challenges the
validity of that agreement. But the appellant is making its submissions on
that point to the arbitral tribunal. That is plainly correct because it would
not be appropriate for us to pre-empt the Arbitration and summarily hold that
the settlement agreement is invalid, and therefore that there was never a
valid obligation to arbitrate. Indeed, it is clear that when a court is
presented with what appears on its face to be a valid arbitration agreement
and a dispute that appears to fall within the scope of that agreement, the
court is bound not to ignore that agreement. Instead, it should allow any such
dispute to be determined by the arbitral tribunal: Tomolugen at [63]; Malini
Ventura v Knight Capital Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 707 (“Malini Ventura”) at [36];
Sim Chay Koon and ors v NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Ltd [2016] 2 SLR
871 at [4]–[6].

17 This analysis is not affected by the fact that this case concerns a case
management stay rather than a mandatory stay under s 6 of the IAA. The reason
we are concerned with a case management stay is that we are dealing with
separate sets of issues, some raised in court and some in arbitration. Had the
appellant sought to introduce the validity of the settlement as an issue in
the court proceedings, there is no doubt that the respondents could have
applied for a mandatory stay. Further, on the basis of the authorities that we
have mentioned in the previous paragraph and for the same reasons set out
there, we would have been bound to stay that issue and refer it to
arbitration. Given that analysis, the appellant cannot improve its position by
effectively ignoring the SA. This is entirely in line with the principles of
judicial non-intervention in arbitral proceedings and kompetenz-kompetenz, by
reason of which, even where the formation of the arbitration agreement is in
question, the tribunal may first determine the existence of its own
jurisdiction: Tomolugen at [67]; Malini Ventura at [37]. It follows that the
court cannot decide the validity of the SA without first allowing the tribunal
to determine that question.

18 If the tribunal decides that there is no valid settlement and therefore
that it has no jurisdiction, subject to the availability of any appeal against
a negative jurisdictional ruling, the court proceedings will continue. But if
the tribunal decides that there is a valid settlement and that it has
jurisdiction in the matter, the appellant may challenge that decision either
as a preliminary ruling on jurisdiction or in a setting-aside application. The
short point is that the question of whether there is a valid settlement may
still return to the court, but only in the context of a review of the
tribunal’s ruling on jurisdiction. That fact should not obscure the correct
analysis to be applied, which is as we have set out above.

19 Finally, counsel for the appellant, Mr Daniel Lim, made reference to the
possible injustice that might be occasioned to the appellant by the
continuance of the case management stay. While it might have been open to the
appellant to seek an order that the case management stay in this case be made
subject to appropriate conditions to address any such possible injustice, that
has simply not been the nature of the appellant’s position. The appellant
never sought the imposition of conditions to address such concerns; instead,
it sought the lifting of the case management stay to enable it to prosecute
its underlying claims in court. For the reasons we have outlined above, we are
satisfied that this was misplaced. Given the absence of anything in the
evidence before us that points to the possible injustice that might befall the
appellant, and given that the respondents have therefore not had any occasion
to address this, there is no basis for us to subject the present stay to any
conditions at this stage.

Conclusion

20 For these reasons, the appeal is dismissed. We will hear the parties on
costs.

Sundaresh Menon Quentin Loh  
Chief Justice Judge

Lim Ying Sin Daniel (Joyce A Tan & Partners LLC) for the appellant;  
Vignesh Vaerhn (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

