Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 258

Tax Appeal No 12 of 2020

Between

Comptroller of Income Tax

… Appellant

And

Forsyth, John Russell

… Respondent

judgment

[Revenue Law] — [Income taxation] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Comptroller of Income Tax

  
v

  

Forsyth, John Russell

[2020] SGHC 258

High Court — Tax Appeal No 12 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
16 November 2020

25 November 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The respondent was the managing director of Rising Tide Asia Pte Ltd (“the
Company”) which was a management consultancy company that he had co-founded in
2013. About three years later, on 24 August 2016, he was sacked from his post
without warning.

2 The respondent had been made the managing director of the Company under an
employment contract dated 23 August 2013 (“the Employment Agreement”). When
the respondent’s employment was terminated by the Company, the respondent and
the company negotiated the terms of settlement of the consequence of his
sudden removal, and that resulted in the parties signing a Separation
Agreement of 1 September 2016 (“the Separation Agreement”). The respondent was
paid a sum of $2,475,000 (“the Severance Payment”) under cl 3 of the
Separation Agreement, which provides as follows:

3\. SEVERANCE PAYMENT

Subject to the Employee fulfilling all of the conditions agreed between the
Parties in relation to the Agreement (e.g. including not limited to transition
in good faith, communication and fullest confidentiality) and as also outlined
in the Employment Agreement under Clauses 13 and 14, the Company will grant
the following discretionary ex-gratia payment to the Employee, subject to any
withholding and deductions required under applicable law:

1st installment SGD 1’900’000, – gross payable on December 31, 2016

2nd installment SGD 575’000, – gross payable on July 31, 2017

All income tax liabilities and other charges incurred by the Employee in
respect of his salary (including social insurance or contribution
declarations) (whether by way of salary, bonus payments, benefits, or
otherwise) shall be borne solely by the Employee.

The severance payments above include any and all entitlements which may have
been due to the Employee from the Employment Agreement (as provided for in
Clause 9 (Ex-Gratia) and Clause 15 (Termination of Employment)).

[emphasis in original]

3 Within a year, the Company, which was owned by a corporate entity in
Switzerland, sold off its Singapore assets and retrenched its employees. The
Company was then wound up by a voluntary liquidation in 2018.

4 The Comptroller served a notice of assessment on the sum of $1,350,000,
being a part of the $2,475,000 Severance Payment. The Comptroller is of the
view that this sum constituted employment income and was therefore taxable.
The respondent says that it was part of the compensation paid for his loss of
office, akin to a retrenchment benefit that is not subject to tax. There is no
dispute that if the entire sum of $2,475,000 was compensation for the
respondent’s loss of his job, it would not be taxable.

5 The dispute was brought before the Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”)
which, by a decision dated 21 May 2020, ruled in the respondent’s favour. The
Comptroller appeals against that decision before this Court. The issue is the
same. Mr Emmanuel Lee, for the Comptroller, argues that the Board was wrong in
finding that the sum of $1,350,000 was not taxable.

6 We should begin by ascertaining how the Comptroller came to this sum. To do
that, two important clauses from the Employment Agreement must be understood.
They are cll 9 and 15. For convenience of reference I shall set these clauses
out in full as follows:

9\. Ex-gratia payment

In the event where this Agreement is terminated by the Company of employment
in accordance with [Clause 15] (and for the avoidance of doubt, in no event
where termination is for cause), and provided that the [Employee] executes a
deed of release in the agreed form as set out in the [Schedule “deed of
release”], the Company shall, in addition to any entitlements due to the
Employee upon termination hereunder, pay to the employee an ex-gratia payment,
depending on the length of employment:

\- 6 months’ base salary and a pro-rated sum of the annual bonus within the
first year of employment

\- 6 months’ base salary and a pro-rated sum of the annual bonus after the
first year of employment

For the avoidance of doubt, the amount of bonus is determined by the Company
at its sole discretion (and without obligation), and the Employee shall have
no claim whatsoever for any bonus (whether any such bonus is paid or unpaid)
in the event of termination."

…

15\. Termination of Employment

Each Party may terminate this Agreement in writing by giving notice to the
other Party as of the end of each month within:

\- 7 calendar days during the probation period of 3 months

\- within 3 months after your probation period

The Company shall be entitled at its sole discretion:

(a) to give you payment in lieu of any notice of termination; or

(b) to require you not to attend work during any period of such notice.

In the event that you are required not to work all or part of any period of
notice, you will not be entitled to receive any damages or compensation in
respect of any bonus or other benefit which would otherwise be due to you for
the period which would have represented the period of notice had you been
required to work it.

The termination of your employment shall be without prejudice to any right
that the Company may have in respect of any breach by you of any of the
provisions of this Letter that may have occurred prior to such termination.

[emphasis in original]

7 The amount in issue here and before the Board is the sum of $1,350,000. The
Board was perplexed as to how this sum came about and held at [57] of its
grounds, “[w]hile we have not been provided with a calculation to show how the
lump sum was arrived at, it is at least possible that the lump sum was
calculated by adding different components”. The mystery was finally cleared
when Mr Lee explained how the sum of $1,350,000 was calculated at paragraphs
114 to 120 of the Appellant’s Case. It was based on the fact that the
respondent had been terminated after the first year of his employment, and
that meant that, as provided under cl 9 of the Employment Agreement, he would
be entitled to twelve months’ base salary ($675,000) as well as the full sum
of his annual bonus ($675,000). This added up to the sum of $1,350,000.

8 The Comptroller’s case is that since this sum had been paid pursuant to the
Company’s obligations under cl 9 of the Employment Agreement, it would be
deemed taxable income.

9 With respect, I agree with the Board that whether an income is taxable must
be determined based on the strict wording of the taxing statute. Thus, for the
$1,350,000 to be taxable, it must fall within the ambit of s 10(2)(a) of the
Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ITA”), which specifies what gains or
profits from employment would be taxable. These are:

Charge of income tax

10.––(2) In subsection (1)(b), “gains or profits from any employment” means —

(a) any wages, salary, leave pay, fee, commission, bonus, gratuity, perquisite
or allowance (other than a subsistence, travelling, conveyance or
entertainment allowance which is proved to the satisfaction of the Comptroller
to have been expended for purposes other than those in respect of which no
deduction is allowed under section 15) paid or granted in respect of the
employment whether in money or otherwise;

This definition, which is exhaustive, does not include redundancy payments or
compensation for loss of employment.

10 Counsel agree that an ex gratia payment by way of compensation for loss of
employment is not income from employment but compensation for loss — similar
to damages received as compensation by an injured person. I agree with the
Board that to determine whether the amount was taxable, one has to examine the
nature of the payment itself. In my view, the payment of the $2,475,000 was
compensation for the loss of his employment. The respondent’s employment was
not terminated under cl 15 of the Employment Agreement. The respondent was
sacked without notice. Although cl 15 permitted the Company to “give [the
respondent] payment in lieu of notice of termination”, the Company did not
expressly indicate that it was so doing. Nor did the Company explicitly inform
the respondent it was relying on cl 15. Significantly, cl 3 of the Separation
Agreement merely states that the Severance Payment includes any and all
entitlements which “may” have been due to the respondent under cll 9 and 15 of
the Employment Agreement. It does not confirm that such entitlements were
indeed due. Thus, cl 9 was never triggered. This alone suffices to dispose of
the present appeal.

11 Furthermore, although the ex gratia payment under cl 9 of the Employment
Agreement was expressed as a sum that was immediately due and payable, the
Severance Payment was expressed as a conditional sum which, even if paid, was
subject to clawbacks by the Company in the event that the respondent breached
his obligations under the Separation Agreement. This reinforces the
respondent’s argument that the Severance Payment and the ex gratia payment
under cl 9 were distinct; the former was intended to substitute and not
encompass the latter.

12 There is no evidence that the Company used the respondent’s salary and
bonus entitlements as part of the formula for calculating the Severance
Payment, and even if it did, this does not make the Severance Payment income
that is taxable. When the respondent was sacked, the only taxable income would
be that which he had earned up to the day he was sacked.

13 The Board held at [57] of its grounds that the Severance Payment could be
bifurcated, and that it was likely that the ex gratia payment under cl 9 of
the Employment Agreement was a component of the Severance Payment. With
respect, the Board may have erred in this regard. The Severance Payment may be
bifurcated in the sense that if the Severance Payment had expressly included
payment of income, then that portion would be taxable. But this was not the
case here. As stated above, cl 9 was never triggered and thus the ex gratia
payment envisaged under that clause could not have formed a part of the
Severance Payment. Counsel for the Comptroller are likewise incorrect insofar
as they calculated the income and pro-rated bonus for that year on the
(mistaken) assumption that the Severance Payment included a discrete taxable
sum of $1,350,000.

14 Here, the Severance Payment was to be paid in two instalments only because
the Company wanted to withhold an amount to ensure that no misconduct on the
respondent’s part was discovered prior to the deadline of 31 July 2017.

15 For the reasons above, the appeal is dismissed. I will hear submissions on
costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree on costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Lee Wei Liang Emmanuel Benedict and Lau Sze Leng Serene (Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore) for appellant;  
Lee Wei Han Shaun and Low Zhe Ning (Bird & Bird ATMD LLP) for respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Nov 2020 (11:29 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

