Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 204

Suit No 1062 of 2017  
(Consolidated with Suit No 1073 of 2017)

Between

| NSL Oilchem Waste Management Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Prosper Marine Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Suit No 853 of 2017

Between

| NSL Oilchem Waste Management Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ong Yi Ling, Eileen  
---|---  
(2)| Daniel Lee Khan Wee  
(3)| Ong Cheng Ho  
  
… Defendants

Suit No 1048 of 2016

Between

| NSL Oilchem Marine Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Prosper Marine Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Debt and Recovery] — [Counterclaim] — [Right of set off]

[Credit and Security] — [Gurantees and indemnities]

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Carriage of goods by sea] — [Bareboat
charterparties] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
NSL Oilchem Waste Management Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Prosper Marine Pte Ltd and other suits

[2020] SGHC 204

High Court — Suit Nos 1062 of 2017, 853 of 2017 and 1048 of 2016  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23 July, 2, 7, 8, 13, 14, 15, 16, 28, 29, 30 August, 25
November 2019, 9, 10, 28 January 2020; 13 April 2020

29 September 2020 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 These disputes arise from the unfortunate breakdown of a 14-year long
commercial relationship between NSL Oilchem Waste Management Pte Ltd (“NOWM”)
and Prosper Marine Pte Ltd (“Prosper Marine”). The three suits in question,
“Suit 1062”, “Suit 853” and “Suit 1048”, all concern debts owed by Prosper
Marine to NOWM.

2 Suit 1062 is a claim on unpaid invoices issued between June 2015 and October
2016, under two contracts concluded by the parties in May 2014 (see [13]
below). This debt is contested by Prosper Marine, which counterclaims for
damages arising out of alleged breaches of these contracts. Suit 853 is a call
on personal guarantees given by Prosper Marine’s directors to satisfy NOWM’s
unpaid invoices (see [32] below). Finally, Suit 1048 is a claim for unpaid
charter hire and Prosper Marine’s breaches of a charterparty for a vessel
known as “Prosper 9” (see [27] below).

3 I find in favour of NOWM on all three suits. My reasons are found in the
following:

(a) Suit 1062, which has been consolidated with 1073 of 2017 (“the 2014
Contract suits”) at [55]

(b) Suit 853 (“the Directors’ Guarantee suit”) at [157]

(c) Suit 1048 (“the Charterparty suit”) at [161]

Facts

Background

4 NOWM is a company in the business of treating marine and land-based “slop”,
a collective term to describe a liquid mixture of water, hydrocarbons and
solids. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Anthony Goh’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”) at p 15, paras 12-13 of
expert report.

This is to be distinguished from “sludge", which describes semi-liquid slurry
waste oil sediments. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Robert Lim’s AEIC at para 8.

At the material time, NOWM did not have its own slop collection operation and
relied entirely on contractors to collect and deliver slop to its MARPOL 1
Marine Waste Management Reception Centre (“NOWM’s plant” or “the plant”). Once
there, the slop is treated within reactor tanks which separate the sediment,
oil and water in the slop via a process involving heating and settlement. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Robert Lim’s AEIC at para 10.

Besides the revenue earned from receiving and treating marine and land-based
slop, NOWM profits from selling recycled fuel oil (“RFO”) extracted from the
slop.

5 Prosper Marine’s commercial relationship with NOWM dates back to the time of
its incorporation in 2002. A “one-stop centre” for various maritime services
including the collection, transport and disposal of marine slop within
Singapore port limits, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC at paras 5 and 7.

Prosper Marine had a longstanding practice of treating its marine slop at
NOWM’s plant. I pause to observe that the only other National Environment
Agency (“NEA”)-approved slop reception facility in Singapore belongs to
Singapore Cleanseas Pte Ltd (“Cleanseas”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC p 14, para 3.1 of expert report.

In addition to disposing marine slop at NOWM’s plant, Prosper Marine would
purchase RFO produced at the plant, which it would resell to its customers
outside Singapore at a mark-up of approximately 15%. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC at para 40.

6 The parties’ symbiotic commercial arrangement depended heavily on a finely
balanced system of capacity management. The process begins with slop being
delivered by Proper Marine’s slop tankers to the reactor tank. Once full, the
slop in the tank is heated by steam piped through an array of heating tubes at
the base of the tank. The slop surrounding the tubes get heated up and rise to
the top of the tank while the cooler slop flows down. This convection process
ensures the slop is evenly heated. The elevated temperature promotes
separation of the oil from the water. The oil, being of lower density, rises
to the top. Solid matter, being the densest, descends to the bottom. Water
remains in between. Separation may take anything from a few days to a week or
more. When it is completed, the oil is removed to be stored in RFO tanks to
await collection by RFO tankers. The water would be piped to the on-site
wastewater treatment plant where it will be treated to the level of purity
required by NEA and before it is discharged into the sea. NOWM had seven
reactor tanks and three RFO tanks. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Anthony Goh’s AEIC p 16 at para 21 and p 17 at para 24.

NOWM relied on Prosper Marine to maintain sufficient capacity in its fleet of
RFO tankers to remove the RFO from the RFO tank. If the RFO tank is full, then
the oil from a reactor tank cannot be discharged into the RFO tank. And if the
reactor tank is full, NOWM would not be able to receive slop brought in by
Prosper Marine’s slop tankers. This is further complicated by two factors. The
first is that the plant has a jetty which is affected by the tides which means
that vessels bringing slop or removing RFO might be delayed on this account.
The second is that the processing time for oil/water separation is sometimes
affected by the quality of the slop brought in and it is not uncommon for
separation in a particular tank to take a much longer period to complete.
Therefore, given the number of reactor tanks and RFO tanks, as well as the
processing time to separate the oil from the water in the slop, there would
need to be a certain rate at which Prosper Marine is required to remove the
RFO and deliver slop in order for the plant to operate at optimum level. The
commercial arrangement between the parties was as precarious as it was
complementary. Despite this, the early years of the parties’ relationship were
smooth sailing.

7 The first notable hiccup arose in 2007 when a fire broke out at NOWM’s
plant. NOWM was suspended from receiving marine slop for a year (from 2007 to
2008). During this time, Prosper Marine discharged marine slop at Cleanseas’
facility instead. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Robert Lim’s AEIC at para 45.

After NOWM’s licence was restored, Prosper Marine would deposit marine slop at
Cleanseas when there was a processing issue at NOWM’s plant. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”) 16 August 2019, p 13 lines 2 – 4.

There were also times when Prosper Marine would have more slop to collect from
its customers than what its tankers could carry. In those situations, they
arranged for Cleanseas, which had its own slop collection vessels, to collect
the slop and finally treat it at their plant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NEs 16 August 2019, p 14 lines 5 – 13.

8 Importantly, however, business with Cleanseas was never considered to be a
long-term solution. Cleanseas was Prosper Marine’s direct competitor. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Daniel Lee’s AEIC at para 29; NEs 16 August 2019, p 10 lines 3 -11.

With its own slop collection vessels, Cleanseas had its own customer base for
the sale of RFO and naturally prioritised its own jobs over Prosper Marine’s.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Daniel Lee’s AEIC at para 28.

Cleanseas’ treatment services were also more expensive than NOWM’s. Up until
2014, Cleanseas charged Prosper Marine $13 per cubic metre (“cbm”) of marine
slop discharged at its plant and imposed a minimum charge of $2,400 on the
total volume of slop discharged. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NEs 16 August 2019, p 30 lines 1 – 10; eg. Agreed Bundle S/N 180 – Tax Invoice
dated 11 May 2014, AB 3926.

In contrast, NOWM only charged $3 per cbm of slop. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NEs 16 August 2019, p 31 lines 8 – 17.

9 The 2007 fire also affected NOWM. Two of its slop processing reactor tanks
(Tanks A and B) were damaged, compromising the plant’s overall slop processing
capacity. This eventually prompted Prosper Marine to request for NOWM to
refurbish these tanks . 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Robert Lim’s AEIC at para 49.

NOWM agreed, on condition that it would receive a minimum monthly revenue of
$54,000 from slop discharge over two years to defray its costs. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Robert Lim’s AEIC at para 51.

Prosper Marine guaranteed this $54,000 figure by offering to deliver 18,000
cbm of slop for treatment at NOWM’s plant every month, at a rate of $3 per cbm
of slop. Additionally, Prosper Marine agreed to pay liquidated damages of $3
for every cbm of shortfall. The parties agreed to these terms via a letter
dated 26 May 2010: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 10 – Jeffrey Fung’s Letter dated 26 May 2010 (“Refurbishment
cum Upgrading of Tank A and Tank B […]”), AB 127.

… [NOWM] will proceed with the work to refurbish and upgrade of Tank A and
Tank B …

In consideration of [NOWM’s] additional investment in the slop processing
capacity, Prosper Marine hereby commits to deliver a minimum quantity of
216,000 cubic metre of marine slop per year, with estimated nett oil content
of 36,000 metric tons, for a period of two years. Quantity commitment shall
commence from the date of successful commissioning of the tanks.

Should Prosper Marine Pte Ltd be unable to deliver the minimum annual
quantity, [NOWM] shall charge Prosper Marine S$3.00 per cubic meter of the
quantity of slop that Prosper Marine failed to deliver.

The current charge for reception, treatment and handling of the slop levied by
[NOWM] shall remain unchanged at S$3.00/S$4.00 per cubic metre.

10 The finalised arrangement was in effect from March 2011 to March 2013. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 143 lines 13 to 16.

Yet, even after March 2013, Prosper Marine continued to pay NOWM a monthly fee
of $54,000 for discharging slop at NOWM’s plant. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 143 line 21 to p 144 at line 2.

According to NOWM, this was done on the understanding that this would help to
defray the costs of slop treatment operations. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NOWM’s Opening Statement at para 13.

The benefit of this arrangement for Prosper Marine was that it continued to
receive a preferential rate for slop disposal vis-à-vis the rate being offered
at Cleanseas. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 144 at lines 17 – 25.

11 There was one other notable aspect of the parties’ commercial arrangements.
Since at least 2003, NOWM had extended multiple lines of credit to Prosper
Marine. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC at para 43.

This had allowed Prosper Marine to, among other things, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC at para 43.

continue purchasing RFO from NOWM for reselling to its customers. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 1at para 22.

But the credit extended by NOWM had limits. NOWM’s ability to extend this
credit depended on how much trade insurance its insurer, Atradius Credit
Insurance NV (“Atradius”), was prepared to cover. Atradius’ willingness, in
turn, was determined by the size of Proper Marine’s debt to NOWM. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 435 – Lim Teck Kee’s Email dated 14 August 2014, AB 4840.

In other words, Prosper Marine’s access to credit depended heavily on its
ability to manage its debts to NOWM. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 435 – Lim Teck Kee’s Email dated 14 August 2014, AB 4840.

As I shall explain, Prosper Marine was clearly unable to do so.

12 As of February 2013, Prosper Marine was heavily in arrears, owing NOWM some
$10.63m. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 45 – Lim Teck Kee’s Email dated 4 April 2013, AB 1327.

In an attempt to rectify this, Prosper Marine proposed a payment schedule
promising monthly payments of at least $2m between April 2013 to October 2013
(“April 2013 Agreement”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 45 – Lim Teck Kee’s Email dated 4 April 2013, AB 1327.

This was done with a view to bringing the accounts receivable balance (“AR
Balance”) down to $6m, which would have brought the balance comfortably below
the $7m trade credit limit later set by Atradius. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 72 – Atradius’ Credit Limit Decision dated 2 July 2013, AB
1431.

However, the plan proved too optimistic, and Prosper Marine eventually failed
to honour the agreement. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 115 – Lim Teck Kee’s Email dated 10 January 2014, AB 1767;
Lim Teck Kee’s AEIC Vol. 1, LTK – 9.

As of January 2014, the AR balance remained at around $9m. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 123 – Statement of Accounts from NSL OilChem Waste
Management Pte Ltd to Prosper Marine, as at 31st January 2014, AB 1837.

This would be the first of many (failed) attempts to manage Prosper Marine’s
debts.

The 2014 Contracts

13 Against this backdrop, the parties entered into two contracts on 5 May 2014
(the “2014 Contracts”) to formalise and mirror their business relationship.
The first of these pertained to the disposal of marine slop and/or sludge at
the NOWM plant (“the Disposal Contract”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 - Contract for the Disposal of Marine Slops and Sludges
between NSL OilChem Waste Management Pte Ltd and Prosper Marine Pte Ltd
(“Disposal Contract”), AB 3778.

The second concerned the sale of RFO (“the RFO Contract”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 - Contract for Ex-Wharf Sale of Recycled Fuel Oil (“RFO
Contract”), AB 3767.

The Disposal Contract

14 The Disposal Contract governed Prosper Marine’s discharge of waste slop and
sludge at NOWM’s wharf. The 2014 Contract suits centred on four main parts of
the contract. The first was a minimum volume obligation. Pursuant to cl 2.6,
para 1.1 of Schedule 1 and para 1.5 of Schedule 1, Prosper Marine undertook to
deliver for treatment at least 18,000 cbm of waste slop every month (at a rate
of $3 per cbm) and further, to pay $3 for every cbm of shortfall. In this
sense, the Disposal Contract was very much a continuation of the parties’ May
2010 business arrangement (see [9] above). Clause 2.6 is reproduced below: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 - Disposal Contract, AB 3781.

[Prosper Marine] hereby undertakes to discharge a minimum volume of waste
slops (“the Minimum Volume”) as stated in Schedule 1. [Prosper Marine] shall
be liable to pay liquidated damages at the rate stated in Schedule 1 per
metric ton of waste slops below the Minimum Volume which [Prosper Marine] is
obligated to discharge at [NOWM’s plant]. Parties to this Agreement shall be
at liberty to renegotiate the Minimum Volume or to establish a formula to
determine the Minimum Volume or any charges thereto, as set out in Schedule 1,
from time to time.

Prosper Marine was also obliged, pursuant to cl 4.3, to make prompt payments
to NOWM, “without withholding, set-off, counterclaim or any other deduction of
any nature whatsoever”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 – Disposal Contract, AB 3783.

15 Second, in the event of non-payment, NOWM was granted several entitlements
under the Disposal Contract. These are set out in cl 4.5: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 – Disposal Contract, AB 3783.

… [I]f [Prosper Marine] shall fail to perform any of its obligations hereunder
including but not limited to [Prosper Marine’s] failure to make payment of any
of the Charges or other monies due to [NOWM] under this Agreement, [NOWM]
shall have the right to:-

4.5.1 declare that the credit period granted by [NOWM] to [Prosper Marine] in
respect of any and/or all invoice(s) already issued under this Agreement or
otherwise to [Prosper Marine] shall be cancelled and the invoice(s) rendered
due and payable immediately;

4.5.2 limit or vary the credit as to term and/or amount;

4.5.3 require payment from [Prosper Marine] in advance of the performance of
the Services; and/or

4.5.4 suspend immediately the performance or further performance of any of the
Services herein without any liability to [Prosper Marine] whatsoever,
howsoever caused;

and upon such notification by [NOWM] to [Prosper Marine], [Prosper Marine]
agrees that the terms of payment shall be duly amended in accordance with the
notification.

Conversely, cl 5.1 entitled Prosper Marine to challenge invoices issued by
NOWM where there was a bona fide dispute. This was subject to Prosper Marine
providing written notice of the nature of the dispute within seven days of
receipt of the invoice along with any relevant details. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 – Disposal Contract, AB 3783.

16 Third, the Disposal Contract provided for both a minimum and maximum
loading rate for slop discharge at NOWM’s plant (see cl 6.5). The minimum
loading rate was 50 m3 per hour while the maximum was 100 m3 per hour. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 – Disposal Contract, AB 3784.

The minimum and maximum loading rates were to form the two poles of a safety
range. That is, it was contractually agreed between the parties that, in the
interest of safety, slop should be discharged at a rate between 50 to 100 m3
per hour. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NEs 14 August 2019, p 28 lines 14 – 24.

Prosper Marine also undertook to exercise due diligence in maintaining the
rate of discharge between the specified rates and was “liable to [NOWM] for
any loss, damage or injury arising out of the failure of [Prosper Marine’s]
Vessel to maintain or observe the … maximum discharge rate…” 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 – Disposal Contract, AB 3784.

17 Fourth, certain clauses under the Disposal Contract indemnified NOWM
against liability: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 – Disposal Contract, AB 3783-3784.

6.1 For the avoidance of doubt, [NOWM] shall not in any event or circumstance
be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or economic loss, damage,
cost or expense (whether for loss of profit, loss of use, loss of contracts or
otherwise) or other claims for consequential compensation of any kind or
nature whatsoever … which arise under, out of, or howsoever in connection with
the performance of the Service, incurred or suffered by [Prosper Marine] its
employees, servants, agents, subcontractors, and/or any other third party.

…

6.4 For the avoidance of doubt, save as expressly provided herein, [NOWM]
shall in no circumstances whatsoever, regardless of [NOWM’s] negligence or
otherwise, be liable for any claims for demurrage, port dues or any other
vessel detention claims in respect of [Prosper Marine’s] vessels …

[emphasis added]

The RFO Contract

18 The crux of the RFO Contract is found at Schedule 1 wherein the parties
agreed to the following: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 –RFO Contract, AB 3776.

1.1 [NOWM] hereby agrees to sell, at [NOWM’s] option, and [Prosper Marine]
agrees to buy 4,000-4,500 metric tonnes of recycled fuel oil per month for the
duration of this Agreement.

1.2 [NOWM] shall be entitled to deliver twenty (20) per cent (%) more or less
of the quantity specified in Clause 1.1 of Schedule 1 above and [Prosper
Marine] shall be liable to take delivery of the same and pay Charges for the
quantity actually delivered.

[emphasis added]

19 Several of the provisions in the RFO Contract mirror those in the Disposal
Contract. For example, NOWM had the option of charging Prosper Marine late
payment interest (under cl 5.5). It was also entitled to “immediately suspend
the performance or any further performance of its obligations under [the RFO
Contract] without any liability to [Prosper Marine], whatsoever, howsoever
caused”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 - RFO Contract, AB 3772.

20 Besides this, there are several other terms of interest. It is notable that
under cl 3.2, NOWM made no representation or warranty as to the quality of its
RFO 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 –RFO Contract, AB 3771.

save that it would correspond in quality with the samples taken from Prosper
Marine’s vessels (cl 3.1). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 - RFO Contract, AB 3771.

NOWM was also at liberty to direct Prosper Marine to take delivery of RFO from
its plant at any time on any working day by way of a “Sales cum Delivery
Order” in writing or a notification. All verbal communications were to be
confirmed in writing (cl 2.7). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 - RFO Contract, AB 3770.

Prosper Marine in turn undertook to take delivery of the RFO within two
working days or a later date as agreed, pursuant to cl 2.8. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 - RFO Contract, AB 3770.

It was also required to raise any disputes as to the quality of NOWM’s RFO
within three working days of delivery, together with details of the loss
and/or damage suffered and other relevant details (cl 12.4). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 - RFO Contract, AB 3775.

21 There was no provision for NOWM to give notice of its suspension of
performance and cl 6.1 excluded claims against NOWM “arising out of the
demurrage, detention or port dues”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 - RFO Contract, AB 3772.

Prosper Marine was also entitled to raise any disputes on invoices issued by
NOWM within 14 days of receipt by way of notice together with relevant details
(cl 5.6). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 - RFO Contract, AB 3772.

Managing Prosper Marine’s debts

The UOB guarantees

22 As stated earlier, the April 2013 Agreement ultimately fell through (see
[12] above) and by October 2013, the AR balance had ballooned to $9.1m, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 123 - Statement of Accounts from NSL OilChem Waste
Management Pte Ltd to Prosper Marine, as at 31st January 2014, AB 1837.

significantly in excess of the original $6m target (set by NOWM) and the $7m
trade credit limit (set by Atradius). Consequently, Prosper Marine sought to
secure a bank guarantee from United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) in NOWM’s favour. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 110 – Eileen Ong’s email dated 23 December 2013, AB 1573.

This was obtained in March 2014 (the “2014 UOB Guarantee”), guaranteeing a sum
of up to $2m and being valid from 14 February 2014 to 13 February 2015. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 137 AB – 2014 UOB Guarantee, AB 2323 to 2324.

Prosper Marine subsequently secured a further guarantee from UOB dated 21
April 2015 (the “2015 UOB Guarantee”). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1102 – 2015 UOB Guarantee, AB 8016 to 8017.

On NOWM’s insistence, Prosper Marine renewed the 2015 UOB Guarantee on 31
March 2016, thereby extending it to 20 April 2017. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2148 – 2015 UOB Guarantee Amendment AB 14198.

The imposition of credit hold

23 Despite the issuance of the 2014 UOB Guarantee, Prosper Marine’s AR balance
continued to escalate throughout 2014. This directly threatened NOWM’s trade
insurance coverage. As such, in a letter dated 6 June 2014, NOWM requested a
minimum of $1.6m to be paid every month in order to bring down the AR balance.
56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Lim Teck Kee’s AEIC Vol. 2, LTK-11.

In that regard, Prosper Marine was told at a meeting between the parties’
representatives on 4 August 2014 that its AR balance of about $9m had to be
brought down to $7m. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Lim Teck Kee’s AEIC Vol. 1, at paras 41 – 42; Agreed Bundle S/N 435 - Lim Teck
Kee’s Email dated 14 August 2014, AB 4840

24 Following negotiations, the parties reached an agreement on repayment, the
details of which were recorded in the following manner in an email from Mr Lim
Teck Kee, NOWM’s finance manager from 2012 to 2015, (the “20 January 2015
Email”): 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 861 – Lim Teck Kee’s email dated 20 January 2015, AB 6833.

As discussed in [Prosper Marine’s] office this afternoon, It is agreed that
[Prosper Marine] will pay $500k for Jan 2015 and $500k for Feb 2015. From
March 2015 onwards [Prosper Marine] will maintain the payment of previous
month’s sales plus a certain amount to bring down the AR balance to an
acceptable amount of $6m based on the latest RFO price by July 2015.

25 It is not surprising why NOWM was so keen to reduce Prosper Marine’s large
AR balance. As noted at [11] above, the credit limit extended to Prosper
Marine depended on the amount of trade insurance coverage provided to NOWM by
Atradius. Pursuant to the terms of this insurance policy, invoices had to be
paid within 210 days (i.e. the sum of a maximum extension period (“MEP”) of
150 days and a maximum credit term of 60 days). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC at para 145; Agreed Bundle S/N 501 – Atradius Credit Limit
Decision dated 4 September 2014, AB 5095.

Failing this, there would be an automatic stoppage of insurance coverage 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2627 – Atradius Modula Policy dated 2 September 2016, AB
16080.

and NOWM would not be insured for any loss sustained in relation to invoices
submitted at the expiry of the MEP 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2627 – Atradius Modula Policy dated 2 September 2016, AB
16080 – 16081.

.

26 Unfortunately, by 31 March 2015, three invoices totalling $535,354.12
remained outstanding beyond the MEP. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 148; Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 3, JF-35.

Atradius’ coverage was therefore suspended for all new invoices issued by NOWM
to Prosper Marine on credit terms from 1 April 2015. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 149

NOWM was caught in a difficult position. On one hand, there was good reason to
withhold further business from Prosper Marine, lest it dug itself into a
bigger hole. On the other hand, it was necessary for Prosper Marine to resell
RFO and collect slops for discharge at NOWM in order to generate revenue that
could go towards paying down the AR balance. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NOWM’s Opening Statement at para 29.

On balance, NOWM decided to continue its business with Prosper Marine but
sought to minimise its exposure to risks from new transactions. Thus, with
effect from July 2015, NOWM decided to impose a credit hold on Prosper Marine
such that subsequent RFO purchases by the company were strictly on cash terms.
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Low Chin Nam’s AEIC, Vol. 1 at para 25.

The sale of Prosper 9

27 By 11 May 2015, Prosper Marine was once again behind on its payment
commitments. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1173 – Christy Song’s email dated 18 May 2015, AB 8425.

In another attempt to reduce its AR balance, Prosper Marine executed a deed
for “Sale & Purchase of the Vessel ‘Prosper 9’” (“the Deed”) on 12 August
2015. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1504 – Sale & Purchase of the Vessel “Prosper 9” (“Prosper 9
Deed”), AB pp 10780 to 10851.

Under cl 3.1 of the Deed, the purchase price of $7.5m was to be applied in the
following manner: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1504 – Prosper 9 Deed, AB 10783.

(a) $5,817,400 to settle the outstanding mortgage on Prosper 9; and

(b) $1,682,600 to set-off Prosper Marine’s outstanding liabilities as set out
in Schedule B of the Deed.

28 NOWM (or its nominee) also agreed to charter Prosper 9 back to Proper
Marine for slop/sludge collection operations at a monthly hire of $120,000 for
a period of 36 months (cl 8.1 of the Deed). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1504 – Prosper 9 Deed, AB 10786.

Pursuant to this agreement, NSL Oilchem Marine Pte Ltd (“NOM”), NOWM’s nominee
company, entered into the “BIMCO Standard Bareboat Charter, Code Name:
‘BARECON 2001’” (the “Charterparty”) on 27 August 2015. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – BIMCO Standard Bareboat Charter, Code Name: ‘BARECON
2001’ (“Prosper 9 Charterparty”), AB 11225 – 11240.

Prosper Marine was to make payment of its monthly charter fees in a lump sum,
no later than every 30 running days in advance. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11229.

Delays would result in a 1% late payment interest (cl 11 of the Charterparty).
Moreover, failure to make payment in accordance with cl 11 would entitle NOM
to terminate the Charterparty and repossess Prosper 9 (cl 28(a)(i) and 29 of
the Charterparty). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11232 – 11233.

29 During the charter period, Prosper Marine was to maintain Prosper 9 in (i)
a good state of repair; (ii) efficient operating condition; and (iii) in
accordance with good commercial maintenance practice (cl 10 of the
Charterparty). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11228.

Prosper Marine was also required to keep Prosper 9’s “[c]lass fully up to date
with the Classification Society” specified in the Charterparty, ie, Bureau
Veritas, as well as maintain necessary certificates (cl 10(a)(i)). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11228.

By way of background, Bureau Veritas is a classification society appointed by
the Marine Port Authority (“MPA”) to perform statutory certification and
survey services for Singapore-flagged vessels. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NEs 8 August 2019, p 154 at lines 1 to 5.

A certification by Bureau Veritas is necessary for vessels, such as Prosper 9,
to legally operate in Singapore waters. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 26 at lines 14 to 22.

30 Lastly, upon expiration/termination of the Charterparty, Prosper Marine was
to redeliver Prosper 9 “in the same state and condition as she was delivered …
at the commencement of [the charter], ordinary fair wear and tear excepted”
(cl 38 of the Charterparty). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11239.

This included “all outfit, equipment and appliances” on-board Prosper 9 as at
25 August 2015 (cl 10(f) of the Charterparty). 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11228.

31 Shortly after signing the Charterparty, NOM came to know of potential
maintenance issues with Prosper 9. In that regard, NOM engaged Captain
Thanabalasingam s/o Balakrishnan (“Captain Thana”) as a consultant to advise
it as well as to liaise with surveyors in relation to the maintenance of
Prosper 9 and her class certification. This role extended to monitoring the
vessel’s Bureau Veritas survey status reports. A report of particular interest
was Bureau Veritas’ attestation to the condition of the ship following an
inspection on 19 September 2016 (the “19 September Report”). 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2697 – Bureau Veritas Attestation of Inspection Carried Out
on 19 September 2016, AB 16498 - 16499.

This report listed some 37 outstanding deficiencies on Prosper 9. Prosper
Marine had to address these issues as a condition for class certification. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NEs 8 August 2019, p 164 at lines 7 to 13; NEs 13 August 2019, p 1 at lines 8
to 18.

Besides this, OHC Shipmanagement Pte Ltd carried out a separate survey,
revealing further problems with Prosper 9, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2706 – OHC Shipmanagement Pte Ltd Report (Condition Survey
Report), AB 16536 – 16550.

and the inspection report issued by Petrotech Marine Consultants Pte Ltd
(“Petrotech”) identified still further issues. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2762 – Petrotech’s Inspection Report of MT ‘Prosper 9’, AB
16936 – 16993.

The Directors’ Guarantee

32 Even with the sale of Prosper 9, Prosper Marine’s AR balance as of August
2015 remained significantly above its stipulated credit limit. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 800 – Statement of Accounts Statement of Accounts from NSL
OilChem Waste Management Pte Ltd to Prosper Marine, as at 31st August 2015, AB
6350.

It was also unable to catch up with its running breaches of the MEP on
outstanding invoices. NOWM therefore considered it necessary to take even
greater steps to minimise its exposure. In line with these considerations, Mr
Raymond Tay Chun Yee (“Mr Raymond”), who had taken over as NOWM’s finance
manager in June 2015, secured confirmation (via an email dated 17 September
2015) that Prosper Marine would (i) give a joint and several guarantee by its
shareholders and directors in NOWM’s favour (“deed of guarantee”); and (ii)
allow a second charge on its properties as collateral on the outstanding AR
balance. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1619 – Raymond Tay’s email dated 17th September 2015, AB
11495.

33 Accordingly, Mr Ong Cheng Ho (“Mr Ong” or “Albert Ong”), Miss Eileen Ong
(“Miss Ong”) and Mr Daniel Lee (collectively, the “Prosper Directors”)
executed a “Deed of Guarantee and Indemnity of the Obligations of Prosper
Marine Pte Ltd to NSL Oilchem Waste Management Pte. Ltd.” 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1754 – Director’s Guarantee & Indemnity, AB pp 12131 to
12140.

(the “Directors’ Guarantee”), the key terms of which are reflected in cll 1
and 2: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1754 – Director’s Guarantee & Indemnity, AB pp 12132.

1\. The [Prosper Directors] HEREBY JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
AND IRREVOCABLY GUARANTEE to [NOWM] the payment of all monies owed by [Prosper
Marine] as principal or as surety and whether solely or jointly with any other
person or persons (in partnership or otherwise) and the [Prosper Directors]
HEREBY JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY UNDERTAKE AND AGREE to pay to [NOWM] on demand by
[NOWM] all monies owed by [Prosper Marine] on, before or after the date of
this Deed, PROVIDED ALWAYS and it is hereby agreed that the liability of the
[Prosper Directors] under this Deed shall not apply or extend to any moneys or
liabilities which were incurred or owing by [Prosper Marine] to [NOWM] before
1 April 2015.

2\. The [Prosper Directors] FURTHER UNDERTAKE AND AGREE to pay to [NOWM]:-

(a) all legal and other costs, charges and expenses (on a full indemnity
basis) incurred by [NOWM] in the preservation and enforcement of its rights
under this Guarantee and under any security given therefor (including but not
limited to costs and expenses incurred by [NOWM] in engaging solicitors in
issuing letters of demand and the like); and

(b) interest on the amount demanded by [NOWM] under Clause 1 hereof from the
date of demand and on the said costs, charges and expenses from the date on
which the same were incurred by [NOWM], in each case until the date of payment
by the [Prosper Directors] to [NOWM] (both before and after judgment), at such
rate as may be determined by [NOWM] in its absolute discretion.

[emphasis in original]

Beyond this, it was agreed that the Directors’ Guarantee would be a continuing
guarantee until all moneys and obligations owed by Prosper Marine to NOWM had
been “satisfied and discharged in full” (per cl 3 of the Directors’
Guarantee). 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1754 – Director’s Guarantee & Indemnity, AB pp 12133.

34 As for Prosper Marine’s agreement to have a second charge on its properties
(at [32] above), little follow up action was taken for several months. It was
only in March 2016 that the parties reached a decision that NOWM would address
“up to $2m of the outstanding AR with [its] net equity” in three commercial
units located at WCEGA Tower (“the Properties”). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2101 – Law Choong Ming’s email dated 21 March 2016, AB pp
14049, 14051.

The March 2016 restructuring

35 Some of these measures (the UOB Guarantees, the sale and chartering of
Prosper 9 and the second charge placed on the Properties) were eventually
collated and recorded by Mr Jeffrey Fung (“Mr Fung”), NOWM’s chief executive
officer, in a letter dated 24 March 2016 (the “24 March letter”). 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 3, JF-56; Agreed Bundle S/N 2118 – NOWM’s Letter
dated 24 March 2016, AB 14102-14103.

Beyond this, the 24 March letter recorded a formal restructuring of the
parties’ business relationship. The main change in respect of the Disposal
Contract was that the fixed monthly sum of $54,000 which Prosper Marine had
been paying for slop treatment (see [14] above) was replaced with a new fee
structure based on the amount of marine slop discharged each month. The
relevant changes to Schedule 1 of the Disposal Contract are reproduced below.
90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2118 – NOWM’s Letter dated 24 March 2016, AB 14102.

I. Average monthly net oil content for waste marine oily slops discharged by
[Prosper Marine] shall be at or above 10%.

II. Charges for the use of treatment and dispose of waste marine oily slops
that [Prosper Marine] shall be liable to pay [NOWM]:

• For the first 5,000m3 = $15,000 flat fee

• Next 5,000m3 @ $2.00/m3

• Any quantity exceeding 10,000m3 @ $1.40/m3

• Should average monthly net oil content fall below 10%, charges shall be
doubled for waste marine oily slop volume above the first 5,000m3.

III. [NOWM] shall no longer pay rebate [sic] for the oil content in the waste
marine oily slops to [Prosper Marine].

IV. [These terms] shall be valid for 12 months from date of this letter.

The 24 March letter clarified that all other terms within the Disposal
Contract would remain valid. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2118 - NOWM’s Letter dated 24 March 2016, AB 14102, para
1(e).

36 Schedule 1 of the RFO Contract also saw notable changes. While Prosper
Marine had previously been obliged to purchase, at NOWM’s option, 4,000 to
4,500 cbm of RFO per month (see [18] above), the 24 March letter stipulated
that Prosper Marine would only have to purchase as much RFO as that extracted
from the slop it discharged at NOWM’s plant every month: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2118 - NOWM’s Letter dated 24 March 2016, AB 14102, para
1(f).

I. [NOWM] will sell RFO to [Prosper Marine] at 30% Platts Price Index.
[Prosper Marine] will commit to procure RFO based on agreed specifications,
and of volume equivalent to the net oil content of the waste marine oily
slops, failure [sic] which [NOWM] reserves the rights to suspend slop
reception to [Prosper Marine] and claim for loss of sales revenue equivalent
to the quantity undersold.

II. Payment will be in cash terms.

III. [These terms] shall be valid for 12 months from date of this letter.

37 As acknowledged by Mr Ong in cross-examination, the effect of the above
changes was to link the amount of slop discharged by Prosper Marine to its
monthly RFO collection. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NEs 14 August 2019, p 74 at line 15 to p 75 at line 4.

Subsequent developments

38 Despite all of this, Prosper Marine continued to fall behind on payments
due to NOWM/NOM. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2200 – Raymond Tay’s email dated 12 April 2016, AB 14424.

Additionally, it continually tried to renegotiate the terms that had been set
out in the 24 March letter. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See for eg, Agreed Bundle S/N 2226 – Ong Cheng Ho’s email dated 19 April 2016,
AB 14501.

It also transpired that the Properties were not worth $2m, as initially
represented. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2474 – Chia Tong Hee’s email dated 11 July 2016, AB 15463.

They were therefore insufficient forms of security. NOWM then suggested that
Prosper Marine could pledge an alternative five properties “as second charge
against [NOWM’s] credit line” 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2485 – Chia Tong Hee’s email dated 12 July 2016, AB 15474.

but Prosper Marine turned down this proposal. Mr Ong explained that all of
Proper Marine’s properties “ha[d] bank commitment[s] which may not be ideal to
resolve”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2511 – Ong Cheng Ho’s email dated 25 July 2016, AB 15599.

39 Separately, on 1 August 2016, NOM issued a letter of demand via its
solicitors for $400,000, representing over three months’ worth of unpaid
charter hire as well as interest at a rate of 1% per month. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2533 – Letter of Demand dated 1 August 2016, AB pp 15689 to
15690.

Prosper Marine was informed that unless this sum was paid by 4 August 2016,
NOM reserved its rights to commence legal proceedings and/or terminate the
Charterparty. Despite some attempts to make payment, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2599 – Eileen Ong’s email dated 25 August 2016, AB 15947;
Tay Chun Yee’s AEIC at para 97.

Prosper Marine ultimately could not repay significant portions of these
invoices. NOM therefore proceeded to terminate the Charterparty and repossess
Prosper 9 on 16 September 2016. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2670 – Gurbani & Co’s Letter to Prosper Marine dated 16
September 2016, AB 16328 – 16329.

40 Upon the repossession of Prosper 9, NOM arranged for a class condition
survey to be carried out on Bureau Veritas on 19 September 2016. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2697 – Bureau Veritas Attestation of Inspection Carried Out
on 19 September 2016, AB 16498 - 16499.

Beyond this, NOM also arranged for an underwater inspection of Prosper 9’s
hull by Underwater Contractors Pte Ltd (“Underwater Contractors”) on 20
September 2016. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2786 – Underwater Contractors’ Invoice, AB 17062.

The Bureau Veritas survey identified a total of 37 issues, ranging from
problems with the rescue boat to problems with the boiler. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2697 – Bureau Veritas Attestation dated 19 September 2016,
AB 16498.

The underwater inspection on the other hand, found approximately 90% marine
growth across all inspected areas. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2694 – Underwater Contractors’ Diver’s Report dated 20
September 2016, AB 16432.

Many expenses arose from this. NOM bore them all. First there was the cost of
the inspections. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Footnotes stated in NOWM’ Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 679

Then, there was cost of repairing, reinstating or replacing the damage and/or
parts of Prosper 9. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Footnotes stated in NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras
688 – 690.

Finally, there was the cost of cleaning the barnacles and/or other marine
growth on Prosper 9’s hull and underwater parts. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2893 – Invoice for 14 August 2017 cleaning, AB 19066.

41 To make matters worse, NOM discovered that four of Prosper 9’s cargo tanks
were substantially full of what appeared to be solidified oil or sludge 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2762 – Petrotech’s Inspection Report of MT ‘Prosper 9’, AB
16950

and had to incur expenses to identify and discharge these substances. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Statement of Claim for Suit 1048 (Amendment No 1) at paras 15 and 16. See
also, AEIC of Captain Thana Vol. 1 at para 11 and TB-4

These included the fees of Intertek Testing Services Pte Ltd (“Intertek”), 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2881 – Intertek Tax Invoice dated 1 June 2017, AB 18689.

which carried out testing to determine the flash points and densities of the
sludge to facilitate its removal from the cargo tanks. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 17007 – Email chain between Intertek & NOWM, AB 17006 –
17008.

It transpired that this solidified sludge was particularly difficult to
remove. Attempts to liquefy it using Prosper 9’s boiler and heating coils were
to no avail. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 36.

Petrotech opined that the removal of the solidified sludge would require “a
supply of at least the equivalent amount of clean gas oil or similar product
to enable the product to be pumped after localised heating with portable
heating coils at the top of the tank and using heavy duty specialist pumps”.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 48.

Eventually, hot oil from Cleanseas had to be blended with the sludge in order
to liquefy it for pumping. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 67.

It was then discharged at the Cleanseas facility.

42 Finally, on 14 October 2016, Bureau Veritas carried out another survey of
Prosper 9 and certified her fit for use. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 – TB-17 at p 283.

The parties’ cases

The 2014 Contract suits

43 As mentioned earlier, Suit 1062 relates to invoices issued between June
2015 and October 2016 under the 2014 Contracts. Prosper Marine also filed its
own suit (“Suit 1073”), claiming damages for alleged breaches of contract.
Suit 1073 was eventually consolidated with Suit 1062 and I have referred to
them collectively as the 2014 Contract suits. NOWM’s claim for unpaid invoices
under the 2014 Contracts amount to $6,429,105.74 before interest and
$7,629,613.70 with interest (calculated up to 23 February 2017). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Consolidated Statement of Claim for Suit 1062 Annex A, p 17.

44 Prosper Marine’s primary defence is that the invoices on which NOWM bases
its claim have already been paid. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Consolidated Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at paras 26-27.

This is because payments that were made to NOWM after 1 April 2015 were
applied to invoices issued by NOWM from that date. Prosper Marine claims that
this was pursuant to a mutual understanding between the parties (the
“Allocation Agreement”) which is evidenced by email correspondence and NOWM’s
conduct. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 27.

In addition, Prosper Marine claims that it never agreed to pay late payment
interest on the relevant invoices.

45 NOWM squarely rejects the existence of the Allocation Agreement. The clear
understanding between the parties was that outstanding invoices would be
settled on a “first in, first out” (“FIFO”) basis, in line with general
accounting practice. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 625 - 630.

Besides the fact that Prosper Marine’s case is wholly unsupported by evidence,
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 631 – 636 and para
644.

there is no commercial reason for why NOWM would have wanted to enter into the
Allocation Agreement. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 637 – 643.

Further, Prosper Marine’s own payment vouchers expressly instructed NOWM to
apply Proper Marine’s payments to older invoices, on a FIFO basis. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 652 – 661.

46 In the alternative, the Prosper Marine argues that it has a right of set
off against NOWM for damages sustained as a result of breaches of the 2014
Contracts. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 46.

According to Prosper Marine, NOWM was subject to three express contractual
obligations. Firstly, it had an obligation to receive a minimum volume of
18,000 cubic metres of waste slops per month. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 48(1).

Secondly, NOWM was to ensure a loading rate between 50 m3 and 100 m3 per hour.
126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 48(2).

Prosper Marine pleads that, even if such obligations were not borne out by
express contractual terms, these were also implied terms of the 2014
Contracts. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 68.

Thirdly, Prosper Marine argues that NOWM was contractually obliged to sell at
least 3,200 mt of RFO to Prosper Marine every month. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 134 – 135.

Moreover, the RFO offered for sale was of insufficient quality. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 130(6).

47 To this, NOWM argues that the terms under the 2014 Contracts which
constitute Prosper Marine’s counterclaim are “hopelessly flawed” because: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 5.

(a) the terms were not within the parties’ intentions and did not exist;

(b) in any event, NOWM did not breach these terms;

(c) even if there were, the losses claimed by Prosper Marine have been
contractually barred, excluded or subject to an indemnity; and

(d) Prosper Marine has failed to adduce adequate evidence to prove its
supposed losses, which are grossly inflated.

The Directors’ Guarantee suit

48 Pursuant to cl 1 of the Directors’ Guarantee (see [33] above), NOWM seeks
to hold the Prosper Directors personally liable for the same debt which is the
subject of the 2014 Contract suits.

49 Prosper Marine does not contest the enforceability of the Directors’
Guarantee but submits there are no moneys owing to NOWM under the same. Its
reasons are threefold: (i) Prosper Marine’s counterclaims in the 2014
Contracts suits extinguish and/or exceed NOWM’s claim; (ii) the Directors’
Guarantee does not apply to moneys or liabilities incurred before 1 April
2015; and (iii) pursuant to the Allocation Agreement, the payments made by
Prosper Marine after 1 April 2015 exceed the total value of NOWM’s issued
invoices. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 235.

50 On the first point, NOWM repeats its contentions with Prosper Marine’s
counterclaims in the 2014 Contracts suits. As for the latter arguments,
although NOWM agrees that the Directors’ Guarantee only applies to invoices
issued after 1 April 2015, 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NOWM’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 309.

it reiterates that these invoices have not been settled. There was no
Allocation Agreement 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at paras 631 – 632.

and Prosper Marine’s monthly repayments were applied on a FIFO basis. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at paras 632 – 636.

NOWM’s invoices therefore remain outstanding and the Prosper Directors, having
failed to make good on their guarantee to pay these invoices, must be held
liable for their breach.

The Charterparty suit

51 Lastly, the Charterparty suit concerns NOM’s claim for its outstanding
charter hire for the period between 27 May and 16 September 2016, this being
$261,290.32, as well as damages in respect of Prosper Marine’s breaches of the
Charterparty, with interest on these amounts. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Statement of Claim for Suit 1048 (Amendment No 1) at para 12; NOWM’s Closing
Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 9.

52 Prosper Marine alleges that it was induced by NOWM and NOM to enter into
the Deed and Charterparty by way of false representations made in an email
dated 31 July 2015 (the “31 July 2015 email”). 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1437 – Low Chin Nam’s email dated 31 July 2015, AB 10213.

It submits that having relied on these misrepresentations, Prosper Marine has
accordingly suffered loss and damages which must be set off against NOM’s
claim for the outstanding charter hire. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 247 – 263.

As for the claim for various breaches under the Charterparty, Prosper Marine
argued, among other things, that (i) NOM has not proven that Prosper Marine
was responsible for the damage caused to and/or the condition of Prosper 9 as
at its repossession; 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 266 – 275.

and (ii) NOM has failed to mitigate its losses for its claim for loss of hire.
139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 276 – 280.

53 NOM says that Prosper Marine’s counterclaim for misrepresentation lacks any
merit; the 31 July email does not contain any kind of actionable
representation or language intended to have any legally binding effect. In any
event it is clear that Prosper Marine did not rely on the 31 July email to its
detriment. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 9.

Secondly, it is submitted that Prosper Marine has no genuine defence to the
claimed breaches of the Charterparty, which are substantiated through multiple
survey reports and documentation of the rectification works performed on the
vessel. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 10.

NOM adds that Prosper Marine had not pleaded any failure (on NOWM’s part) to
mitigate the costs of repair or damages arising from loss of hire. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 715 and 818.

54 I turn now to my decision proper.

The 2014 Contract suits

55 The issues for my consideration in these suits are as follows:

(a) What are the parties’ obligations to each other under the 2014 Contracts?

(i) Was a “Minimum Volume Term” (see [58] below) and “Loading Rate Term” (see
[63] below) part of the Disposal Contract?

(ii) Was a “Minimum RFO Term” (see [69] below) part of the RFO Contract?

(iii) Did the 2014 Contracts entitle NOWM to late payment interest (see [74]
below)?

(b) Was there a breach of the aforementioned obligations (see [95] below)?

(c) Was liability under the 2014 Contracts excluded by a contractually
incorporated exemption clause (see [148] below)?

The Parties’ obligations to each other under the 2014 Contracts

56 The principles of contractual interpretation are well established. Briefly,
the purpose of interpretation is to give effect to the objectively ascertained
intentions of the contracting parties as it emerges from the contextual
meaning of the relevant contractual language: Yap Son On v Ding Pei Zhen
[2017] 1 SLR 219 at [30]. To that end, while both the text and context must be
considered, the written agreement remains of first and primary importance.
Extrinsic evidence is admissible where it is “relevant”, “reasonably available
to all the contracting parties” and relates to a “clear or obvious context”
(Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction
Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [125], [128]–[129]). With these principles in
mind, I shall first consider the tenability of Prosper Marine’s counterclaims,
which are founded on its own particular construction of the 2014 Contracts. It
is argued that, on a proper reading of these contracts, NOWM was:

(a) by cl 2.6 read with cl 1.5 of Schedule 1 of the Disposal Contract, obliged
to receive or accept a minimum volume of 18,000 cbm of marine slops from
Prosper Marine per month (the “Minimum Volume Term”);

(b) by cl 6.5 of the Disposal Contract, obliged to ensure a minimum loading
rate not below 50 cbm per hour and not exceeding 100 cbm per hour when
receiving marine slops from Prosper Marine’s vessels (the “Loading Rate
Term”); and

(c) by cl 2.2 read with cll 1.1 and 1.2 of Schedule 1 to the RFO Contract,
obliged to supply Prosper Marine with a minimum volume of 3,200 mt of RFO per
month (the “Minimum RFO Term”).

57 I find that none of these are terms of the 2014 Contracts, expressly or
impliedly.

(1) The Disposal Contract

58 I first discuss the Minimum Volume Term. Prosper Marine argues that if it
had been obliged to provide at least 18,000 cbm of marine slop a month, NOWM
must have agreed to receive at least 18,000 cbm of marine slop every month as
well. This reciprocal arrangement, according to Prosper Marine, is detailed in
the Preamble of the Disposal Contract which reads: “[Prosper Marine] wishes to
engage [NOWM] for the provision of, waste slops and sludge disposal services
and [NOWM] is willing to provide such services…” [emphasis added]. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 – Disposal Contract, AB 3779.

This implies an undertaking on NOWM’s part to ensure that it would have
capacity for Prosper Marine’s slops on delivery. This, Prosper Marine avers,
was a necessary part of their business arrangement.

59 As discussed at [6] above, their business arrangement depended on capacity
management. A backlog of slop or RFO would have a knock-on effect on every
other part of the arrangement, from discharge of slop, receipt and treatment
of said slop to ultimate sale and handover of RFO. Such terminal congestion,
known as “tank top situation”, can only be prevented with the cooperation of
the parties. Prosper Marine accordingly submits that cl 2.6, read with cl 1.5
of Schedule 1, captures a two-way obligation. Not only was Prosper Marine
required to supply at least 18,000 cbm of slop per month but NOWM had to be
prepared or able to receive and treat this minimum quantity of slop.
Otherwise, the entire objective of the Disposal Contract would have been
nullified. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 62.

60 I disagree. The contract was never about guaranteeing 18,000 cbm of slop
every month. It was to ensure that $54,000 was regularly paid on a monthly
basis from Prosper Marine to NOWM. Whether this sum was in the form of
liquidated damages or payment for slop treatment was entirely irrelevant. The
contract was agnostic in that regard. In fact there was no expectation that
Prosper Marine would ever be able to deliver 18,000 cbm of slop a month – it
only ever achieved this once 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, p 15 see December 2014 slop collection.

in the three years of the contract (2014 – 2016). The intention of the parties
was to ensure a monthly cash flow of $54,000 to NOWM and references to 18,000
cbm per month were in truth, reasoned backwards (at a rate of $3 per cbm) from
the desired $54,000/month.

61 NOWM sought $54,000/month for two reasons. First, it wished to cover the
cost of refurbishing its plant. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Robert Lim’s AEIC at para 51.

Prosper Marine, having suggested the refurbishment and supported the move, was
expected to play its part in helping to recoup the cost of these works.
Second, NOWM had operating expenses. $54,000/month would go towards covering
those expenses. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Robert Lim’s AEIC at para 53.

Prosper Marine stood to benefit too. It would continue to receive the
preferential rate of $3 per cbm for any slop discharge at NOWM’s facilities.
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 144 at lines 17 – 25; p 148 at lines 11 – 17.

This was a huge boon, especially considering that the only other alternative,
Cleanseas, was a direct competitor which prioritized its own slop discharges
and charged more than four times the amount ($13 per cbm) at its facility (see
[8] above). I therefore find that the main purpose of the Disposal Contract
had been to formalise the favourable discharge arrangement concluded between
the parties in 2010. My findings in this regard are further fortified when
considering that Prosper Marine had been in deep arrears with NOWM, its AR
balance being in excess of $9m (see [12] above). It would not have made any
sense for NOWM to take on an obligation (such as the Minimum Volume Term) for
the benefit of a bad debtor.

62 But more importantly, I agree with NOWM that the express wording of cl 2.6
and cl 1.5 to Schedule 1 speaks of only one obligation – Prosper Marine’s
obligation to discharge a specified minimum volume of slop or, failing which,
to pay liquidated damages of $3 for every cbm of shortfall. This reading is
bolstered by cl 2.13 of the Disposal Contract, which draws a distinction
between the discharge of slop and NOWM’s acceptance of the same. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 – Disposal Contract, AB 3781 to 3782.

Under cl 2.13, NOWM reserved its right to “refuse to take delivery of the
waste slops and/or sludge and perform the Services” in certain circumstances.
More significantly, “in no circumstances [was Prosper Marine’s] discharge of
waste slops and/or sludge at [NOWM’s plant] [to] constitute unconditional
acceptance of delivery of the same by [NOWM].” Thus, it is not open to Prosper
Marine to extrapolate an obligation of acceptance from the wording of cl 2.6.

63 I turn now to the Loading Rate Term. Prosper Marine avers that the
stipulation that its vessels had to discharge waste slops and/or sludge at
specified minimum and maximum volume rates (per cl 6.5 of the Disposal
Contract) should apply with equal force to NOWM. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 67.

While the pumps to discharge slop and/or sludge were located on Prosper
Marine’s vessels and were controlled by Prosper Marine’s crew, it was actually
NOWM who gave instructions as to the rate of discharge depending on the
storage availability in its tanks. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Prosper Marine’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 133.

Thus, both the parties had to work together to ensure compliance with cl 6.5.
Clause 6.5 is therefore a dual obligation, made up of Prosper Marine’s
undertaking as well as the Loading Rate Term.

64 I reject this for two reasons. First, the express words of the Disposal
Contract specifically lays the responsibility for the rate of discharge of
slop with Prosper Marine and not NOWM (see cl 6.5). 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 – Disposal Contract, AB 3784

65 Second, the parties intended for Prosper Marine to hold sole responsibility
for the rate of discharge, since it had control over the discharge process. I
acknowledge that NOWM was involved but ultimately find that its role was
limited. While connecting the hose between Prosper Marine’s vessels and NOWM’s
plant was a joint effort, 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Ngiam Tee Leng’s AEIC at para 12.

it was Prosper Marine who would initiate the slop discharge process. It was
also Prosper Marine who maintained primary control over when the pumping of
slops started and stopped 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NEs 14 August 2019, p 41 at line 18 to p 42 at line 11.

as well as the specific pumping rate. Although NOWM’s ground operators
participated in the discharge process, this participation was limited and they
would only issue instructions when the discharge rate had to be reduced for
safety reasons. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Ngiam Lee Teng’s AEIC at para 14.

Even then, it was Prosper Marine who determined the proper, ie, safe discharge
rate to be adopted since this depended on the quality of the slops brought in
by Prosper Marine. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Ngiam Lee Teng’s AEIC at para 15.

66 It was therefore intuitive for Prosper Marine, as opposed to NOWM, to take
on the risk of maintaining the rate of slop discharge within an appropriate
range. If there was any foul play by NOWM, Prosper Marine was fully entitled
to disclaim liability, provided that it “prove[d] that [the failure to adhere
to clause 6.5] was due to the acts or omissions of [NOWM] or its servants,
agents and/or employees”. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 - Disposal Contract, AB 3784

There is no need to conjure a new Loading Rate Term.

67 For completeness, I also consider whether the Minimum Volume Term and
Loading Rate Term should be implied into the Disposal Contract. The Court of
Appeal in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 characterised the implication of terms into a contract
as an exercise in giving effect to the parties’ presumed intentions by filling
the gaps in their contract (at [93]). Terms are not to be implied into
contracts lightly and should only be done where necessary (at [100]). To that
end, the Court laid out a three-stage process to determine whether the
implication of a term is necessary (at [101]):

(a) First, the court should consider whether there is a “true gap” in the
contract. A gap is only remediable by implication where the parties did not
contemplate gap. This is to be contrasted against situations where the parties
contemplated the gap but chose not to provide for it because (i) they
mistakenly believed it would be addressed by the express terms of the
contract; or (ii) they were unable to agree on a term to fill the gap.

(b) Second, the court must consider “whether it is necessary in the business
or commercial sense to imply the term to in order to give the contract
efficacy”, ie, the business efficacy test.

(c) Third, the court must apply the official bystander test. In other words,
the proposed term must have been so obvious to the parties that had it been
suggested at the time of contracting, the parties would have responded “[o]h,
of course!”

68 Prosper Marine’s case fails at the first hurdle. As I have already said,
the parties never envisaged that NOWM would have to receive 18,000 cbm of
slops per month and saw no need to include a term to that effect. Separately,
the parties made a conscious decision to assign Prosper Marine sole
responsibility over the rate of slop and/or sludge discharge because it was in
a better position to ensure these specified rates would be adhered to. As
such, there are no “true gaps” in the Disposal Contract which require
remedying. Indeed, implying the Minimum Volume Term or the Loading Rate Term
would directly contradict the express terms and the parties’ objectively
ascertained intentions.

(2) The RFO Contract

69 Prosper Marine’s case is that NOWM had an obligation under the RFO Contract
to sell a minimum volume of 3,200 mt of RFO per month, an obligation which it
failed to meet from May 2014 to September 2016. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 132.

This requirement (the Minimum RFO Term) is supposedly found in clauses 1.1 and
1.2 of Schedule 1 of the RFO Contract. I reproduce them here again for
convenience: 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 – RFO Contract, AB 3776

1.1 [NOWM] hereby agrees to sell, at [NOWM’s] option, and [Prosper Marine]
agrees to buy 4,000-4,500 metric tonnes of recycled fuel oil per month for the
duration of this Agreement.

1.2 [NOWM] shall be entitled to deliver twenty (20) per cent (%) more or less
of the quantity specified in Clause 1.1 of Schedule 1 above and [Prosper
Marine] shall be liable to take delivery of the same and pay Charges for the
quantity actually delivered.

[emphasis added]

70 According to Prosper Marine, cl 1.1 obliged NOWM to sell at least 4000 mt
of RFO to Proper Marine every month. Clause 1.2 qualified this, allowing NOWM
to deliver 20% less every month. This flexibility in quantum was to give NOWM
some leeway in case it was unable to meet the required levels of RFO
production. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 135.

NOWM’s nett obligations therefore, according to Prosper Marine, were to sell
at least 3,200 mt of RFO to Prosper Marine every month.

71 I do not accept this argument. Clause 1.1 of Schedule 1 to the RFO Contract
plainly provided that the sale of RFO was “at [NOWM’s] option” [emphasis
added]; there was never an obligation to sell Prosper Marine RFO. Prosper
Marine has misconstrued clause 1.2 of Schedule 1 as well. The range of 3,200
to 5,400 mt of RFO therein merely afforded NOWM the option of selling less or
more RFO as required, rather than a fixed quantum. Crucially, this remained an
option rather than an obligation. As such, I find that that the express words
of the contract do not support Prosper Marine’s interpretation.

72 Additionally, I find that it could not have been the parties’ intentions to
incorporate the Minimum RFO Term into the RFO Contract. NOWM’s ability to
produce RFO depended, at least in part, on the quantity and quality of slop
which Prosper Marine delivered. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NEs 14 August 2019, p 46 at lines 5 – 9; Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 1 at [124]

I find it difficult to accept that NOWM would guarantee a quantity of RFO
every month, when its supply of feedstock was not assured. In answer, Prosper
Marine argues that on the contrary, NOWM had two commercial interests in
imposing this positive obligation on itself. First, NOWM needed a reliable way
to free up its reactor tanks and prevent tank top situations from developing.
Second a large part of NOWM’s revenue stream came from the sale of RFO.
Guaranteed RFO sales would be in line with these interests. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Prosper Marine’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 130.

73 This was simply wrong. Guaranteed purchases of RFO (by Prosper Marine)
would have ensured these benefits. But NOWM could have enjoyed these benefits
without locking itself into a commitment to sell a minimum quantity of RFO. It
could have simply gotten Prosper Marine to agree to buy whatever NOWM had to
sell, generating cash and ridding itself of RFO in the process. That is, in
fact, exactly what occurred here. Clause 1.1 of Schedule 1 makes that clear.
NOWM’s “agree[ment] to sell” was at its option, while Prosper Marine’s
“agree[ment] to buy” was unconditional. Moreover, there was no commercial
sense in the suggested Minimum RFO Term. At the material time, Prosper
Marine’s AR balance was significantly in excess of its credit limit. Prosper
Marine was in no position to make upfront payments. Mandatory monthly sales to
such a bad debtor would have been a serious risk. The Minimum RFO Term, with
its attendant risks and drawbacks, could not have been within the intention of
the parties.

(3) The Late Payment Interest Obligation

74 I now turn to consider NOWM’s claim that it is entitled under both the
Disposal Contract and RFO Contract to 18% per annum late payment interest on
its unpaid invoices. I find that such an obligation arises in both contracts.

75 In respect of the RFO Contract, cl 1.4 thereof specifically incorporates
the “Seller’s Standard Terms and Conditions of Sale”, these being “NOWM’s
Standard Terms for Sales”: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 – RFO Contract, AB 3769.

The terms and conditions and provisions of [NOWM’s] Standard Terms and
Conditions of Sale (“[NOWM’s Standard Terms for Sales]”) and a copy of which
has been given to [Prosper Marine] before [NOWM’s Standard Terms for Sales]
come into effect, shall be incorporated in addition and without prejudice to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and shall apply to this Agreement
as if each of them were expressly repeated herein … [Prosper Marine] hereby
confirms and acknowledges that it shall be deemed to have full knowledge and
notice of the contents and effect of [NOWM’s Standard Terms for Sales], as
long as a copy of [NOWM’s Standard Terms for Sales] (and all updates and
prevailing from time to time (with all amendments thereto)) has been made
available to [Prosper Marine].

76 It follows that, cl 5.5 of NOWM’s Standard Terms is incorporated into the
RFO Contract. These terms specify that any late payment would entitle NOWM to
interest of 18% per annum: 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 3 – JF-25 at p 1544 (helpfully reproduced in Annex 2
of NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020).

[i]f the Customer fails to make payment on the due date (or where the sum is
payable on demand, on the Contractor’s demand therefor) then, without
prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the Contractor, the
Contractor shall be entitled at any time:-

…

(c) charge the Customer interest (both before and after any judgment) on the
amount unpaid, at the rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum until payment
in full is made (a part of a month being treated as a full month for the
purpose of calculating interest).

[emphasis added]

77 The obligation to pay late payment interest is again, reproduced in cl 5.5
of the RFO Contract 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 – RFO Contract, AB 3771.

:

If [Prosper Marine] fails to make any payment on the due date, then, without
prejudice to any other right or remedy, [NOWM] shall be entitled to charge
[Prosper Marine] interest (both before and after any judgment) on any amount
unpaid, at such rate as agreed in Schedule 1 until payment in full is made.

…

78 The precise amount of interest to be paid, as set out in Schedule 1 of the
RFO contract, refers back to NOWM’s Standard Terms for Sales (see [76] above):
166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 – RFO Contract, AB 3776.

3.1 [NOWM] and [Prosper Marine] agree that [Proper Marine] shall be liable to
pay late-payment interest on such amounts outstanding at the expiry of
[Prosper Marine’s] credit period in accordance with [NOWM’s Standard Terms for
Sales].

[emphasis added]

79 As such, I find that the RFO Contract amply incorporates an obligation to
pay late payment interest in accordance with NOWM’s Standard Terms, ie, at a
rate of 18% per annum.

80 Like its sister contract, the Disposal Contract speaks of an entitlement to
late payment interest, “at the rate set out in [the Disposal Contract’s]
Schedule 1” (see cl 4.2 of the Disposal Contract). 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 - Disposal Contract, AB 3783.

But unlike the RFO Contract, it fails to reference any of NOWM’s standard
terms (which contained the precise interest rate) or explicitly specify, in
Schedule 1 of the contract, what that interest rate is.

81 To this, NOWM argues that the parties intended the 2014 Contracts to be
supplemented by standard terms with which they had already been trading. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NOWM’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 239.

A reference to these terms can be found in job service orders (“JSOs”), which
NOWM issued for its slop disposal services prior to, as well as after, the
Disposal Contract came into existence. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Jeffrey Fung’ AEIC at paras 84 to 85; an example of a JSO is found at Jeffrey
Fung’s AEIC Vol. 3 – JF-25.

The cover page of each JSO stipulated that the supply, performance and/or
provision of services was subject to NOWM’s standard terms. These standard
terms, it will be remembered, specified the interest rate at 18% per annum.

82 Following the Disposal Contract’s execution, NOWM began issuing its monthly
invoices under the description of “Wharfage Services”. Similar to the JSOs,
these invoices incorporated a set of standard terms from NOWM as well (“NOWM’s
Standard Terms for Services”). These were, for all intents and purposes,
identical to NOWM’s Standard Terms for Sales. The only difference was that one
addressed “Sales” while the other addressed “Provision of Services”. NOWM
argued that over time, this consistent course of dealing incorporated NOWM’s
Standard Terms for Services into the parties’ business relationship. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 218 – 222, applied to
the Disposal Contracts context via para 239 (“the grounds set out above at
paragraphs 218 to 222 would therefore equally apply”).

Thus, even in the absence of an express reference thereto, there must have
been an intention to incorporate these terms, including the 18% interest rate,
into the Disposal Contract.

83 I accept this argument. The Court of Appeal in Vinmar Overseas (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v PTT International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271 (“Vinmar”) set
out the test for incorporating terms by a course of dealing. The test is
“whether, at the time of contracting, each party as a reasonable person was
entitled to infer from the past dealings and the actions and the words of the
other in the instant case, that the term was to be a part of the contract”
[emphasis in original]: Vinmar at [53]–[54]. NOWM’s Standard Terms for
Services had long been adopted by the parties in their course of dealings.
They had long been a feature of their business documentation, and subsequently
their commercial relationship.

84 Moreover, Prosper Marine was amply aware of NOWM’s entitlement to charge
interest. That is why it sought waivers of the late payment interests. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

e.g. Lim Teck Kee’s AEIC Vol. 1, LTK-7; Agreed Bundle S/N 65 – Eileen’s email
dated 23 May 2013, AB 1390

On the occasions that NOWM waived the interest payable, it would issue a
credit note to Prosper Marine. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Lim Teck Kee’s AEIC Vol. 1, at para 24.

Appended would be a form entitled “LATE INTEREST WAIVE-OFF APPROVAL FORM”, as
well as a table titled “Computation of later interest charge” for the month in
question. This table would set out the invoices for which interest was being
waived, the date of the invoice, invoiced amount and due date of payment. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2392 – NSL Credit Note No. NCR000228, AB 15195 to 15196,
15198, 15200.

The fourth column from the right of each table also set out the interest rate
of 18% per annum. Prosper Marine was accordingly well aware of NOWM’s
entitlement to charge interest at this rate. In that regard, Ms Ong accepted
that the credit notes and the tables appended thereto would have been seen by
Prosper Marine’s book-keepers. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NEs 28 August 2019, p 50 at line 12 – p 51 line 10

85 This acknowledgement, to my mind, was the keystone in satisfying the Vinmar
test. NOWM was entitled to infer that the term had been incorporated into the
contract – Prosper Marine had unambiguously acknowledged its obligations to
pay interest in all the previous dealings. Prosper Marine could not have
forgotten about these dealings either – they were recent and numerous. There
was nothing special that distinguished the previous dealings from those
contemplated in the 2014 Contracts. In fact, they concerned exactly the same
type of subject matter, handled in consistently the same manner. There was no
reason to expect that the 2014 Contracts, which simply formalized a
longstanding commercial relationship between the parties, would depart from
the earlier dealings. Accordingly, I accept that an obligation to pay late
payment interest was incorporated into the Disposal Contract as well.

86 To this, Prosper Marine argued that the Standard Terms for Service could
not have been incorporated into the Disposal contract. An entire agreement
clause (clause 13.6) would have barred that: 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 - Disposal Contract, AB 3787

This [Disposal Contract] (together with all agreements and documents executed
contemporaneously with it or referred to it) constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties in relation to its subject matter and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings whether oral or written with respect to such
subject matter and no variation of this [Disposal Contract] shall be effective
unless reduced to writing and signed by or on behalf of a duly authorised
representative of each of the parties to this Agreement. No terms and
conditions contained in the documents referred to herein, save Schedule 1,
shall have any contractual force or effect to modify the contractual
obligations of the parties herein. This [Disposal Contract] shall govern the
disposal of waste slops and sludge between [NOWM] and Prosper Marine to the
exclusion of any terms and/or conditions made or purported to be made by
[Prosper Marine].

(emphasis added in bold and italics)

87 I rejected this argument. First, the entire agreement clause was intended
to pre-empt and prevent variations to the Disposal Contract. Here, late-
payment interest was contemplated in clause 4.2 (see [80] above). The only
question was the quantum of that late payment interest, on which the contract
remained silent. Identifying the relevant rate for late payment interest was
not so much a variation inserting new clauses in the Disposal Contract as an
interpretation of an existing clause.

88 Second, it seems to me that this entire agreement clause was only intended
to exclude “terms and/or conditions made or purported to be made by [Prosper
Marine]” (emphasis mine). 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 157 - Disposal Contract, AB 3787

This is clear from the last line of clause 13.6 – a line which, I should
mention, was glaringly omitted from Prosper Marine’s closing submissions. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 136

This suggests that the overall tenor of the entire agreement clause was
directed to any attempts by Prosper Marine to introduce errant terms or
conditions.

89 Prosper Marine’s better argument was that NOWM had waived any entitlement
to late payment interest through its conduct (the issuance of credit notes
waiving late payment interest and its internal correspondences) and express
written agreements (the preamble of the Prosper 9 Deed). 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 143 – 150

I rejected this argument as well.

90 In my opinion, the practice of issuing credit notes showed a consistent and
deliberate attempt by NOWM to preserve its right to claim late payment
interest. The indulgences it granted to Prosper Marine were purposeful and
clearly demarcated – each credit note specifically identified the sums that it
was waiving and promised nothing further than that. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

See all credit notes listed in Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20
March 2020 at para 143

If anything, the standing arrangement was not to waive all late payment
interest due, but to waive them only through credit notes issued through the
proper processes. Indeed, I note that each credit note required no less than
three sets of approvals - one from a “Requestor”, another from a “Recommender”
and finally the “Approver’s” as well. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

See all credit notes listed in Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20
March 2020 at para 143

The meticulous (and no doubt, tedious) documentation of precise instances when
waiver were granted, leaves little doubt that NOWM sought to guard its
entitlement to late payment interest. In that regard, I cannot accept that
there had been any implied agreement or promise to waive the late payment
interest.

91 NOWM’s concern with its entitlement to late payment interest is evident in
its internal emails as well. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1438 – Low Chin Nam’s emails to Jeffrey Fung dated 29 – 31
July 2015, AB 10218 – 10221

There, NOWM staff were discussing how the Prosper 9 Deed should frame the
outstanding debt owed by Prosper Marine to NOWM. On one hand, including the
outstanding late payment interest (as part of the debt stated on the deed)
would unquestionably preserve their rights and entitlement to the same. On the
other, not reflecting the late payment interest as a component of the
outstanding debt would lubricate negotiations. It would also avoid
“introducing another issue” when other contractual terms had “yet to be
resolved” in discussions. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1438 – Low Chin Nam’s emails to Jeffrey Fung dated 29 – 31
July 2015, AB 10219

However, at no point did NOWM suggest, even amongst its staff members, that it
was willing to concede the late payment interest. If anything, the
correspondence suggests the precise opposite – they were keen on getting the
deal done (for the sale of Prosper 9) without compromising their legal
entitlements.

92 Prosper Marine’s final argument about late payment interest concerns the
Prosper 9 Deed. It argues that the Deed explicitly pegs the “Oustanding Debt”
at S$10,988,357.73, such sum excluding the interest hitherto accrued. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 145 – 150

As such, NOWM had effectively waived its entitlement to late payment interest.
I disagreed.

93 “Outstanding Debt”, as defined in the Prosper 9 Deed, was really a
reference to principal invoices for services rendered and goods sold (see
Schedule B of the Prosper 9 Deed 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1504 – Prosper 9 Deed, AB 10813

). It was never about late payment interest in the first place. Therefore, the
deed’s failure to include or reference late payment interest under
“Outstanding Debt” did not change the party’s legal positions/entitlements.
The parties were simply using the phrase “Outstanding Debt” as a catch-all
term for principal invoices that were due, not making any implicit
concessions. Even if there had been a waiver of interest for the “Outstanding
Debt”, this is completely irrelevant to the current suit – “Outstanding Debt”
was calculated up to and as at 30 June 2015 only. It would not impact upon the
261 outstanding invoices which make up NOWM’s present claim (see [95] below).

94 For these reasons, I found that NOWM was entitled to late payment interest
for outstanding debts arising from its Disposal Contract as well.

Breaches of obligations under the 2014 Contracts

NOWM’s Claim

95 An undisputed issue however, is Prosper Marine’s obligation to pay sums due
under invoices issued under the 2014 Contracts. NOWM claims that Prosper
Marine breached its obligations by failing to make such payment. These
invoices, 261 in total, are appended to Mr Fung’s affidavit 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 5, 6 & 7, JF-127 at pp 2666 to 4229.

and clearly enumerated at Annex A of its Statement of Claim. The outstanding
amount for all the invoices is the amount invoiced. The only exception is the
oldest invoice (NPI029298), for which the amount outstanding would be
$210,973.13 rather than the invoiced amount of $229,395.37. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Agreed Bundle S/N1243 – Invoice NP0I029298, AB 9073.

Prosper Marine raises several grounds of opposition.

96 First, it doubts the accuracy and correctness of the figures in the NOWM
invoices. None of NOWM’s witnesses have testified to the figures’ veracity and
there has been no explanation of the methodology behind the figures. In that
regard, Prosper Marine offers the alternative calculations of Mr Ong and
suggests that NOWM’s claim for $7,736,613.70 “appears to be inflated by an
unaccounted amount of $513,628.17”. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC at para 199.

Mr Ong also claims that Annex A of the Statement of Claim does not include 39
invoices which had been originally included in the 31 October 2016 Statement
of Accounts. He questions how these were settled. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC at para 200.

These, he contends, ultimately cast doubt on the quantification of NOWM’
claim. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC at para 201.

97 I do not accept Prosper Marine’s objections. I find that NOWM has produced
ample evidence of its claim quantum from Mr Fung and Mr Raymond, who were not
cross-examined on this point. NOWM has also exhibited these invoices with
relevant supporting documents like delivery orders, job service orders, RFO
certificates of origin etc. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

NOWM’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 18(b).

The invoice figures can also be verified by reference to NOWM’s monthly
statement of accounts from 2014 to 2016, which lists invoice numbers alongside
the “Credit” and “Accumulative balance” owed by Prosper Marine. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Tay Chun Yee’s AEIC, TCY-17 at pp 242 to 378.

98 Most significantly, Mr Ong accepted at trial that all of NOWM’s invoices
are due and payable by Prosper Marine. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 113 at lines 8 to 19.

Indeed, on Mr Ong’s own evidence, Prosper Marine’s only defence is that of a
set-off: 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 114 at lines 4 to 21.

A: Whatever that we have counterclaimed would able to contra whatever we due
to them.

Q: And this contra argument, to use your word, that’s your only response to
the outstanding invoices; correct?

A: Mm. All the time we know that if I go and take action against NOWM, that is
the end of our relationship and that’s why in order to maintain, this was
erased, I think in my letter to my email -

Court: Mr Ong, just to shorten the time here. What Mr Bull is asking you to
confirm that you don’t deny that you owe them the money for the thing.

A: Correct.

Court: What you are saying in your defence is that, because of the breaches of
the [2014 Contracts], they owe you in return for all those losses that you
suffered?

A: Yes.

Court: Right?

A: Right.

From this, it is clear that Prosper Marine had accepted the accuracy of the
figures set out in NOWM’s outstanding invoices.

99 Second, Prosper Marine avers that even if NOWM is entitled to payment on
its 261 outstanding invoices, full payment has already been made. Pursuant to
the Allocation Agreement, Prosper Marine has actually paid NOWM a total amount
of $10,323,828.97 since 1 April 2015 and this figure exceeds the total value
of invoices issued by NOWM from that date, this being a sum of $8,086,636.62.
194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 10.

I find that there was no such agreement at all.

100 As a starting point, standard accounting practice calls for invoices to be
paid on a FIFO basis, that is to say, each payment is made towards the bill
that is due at the earliest time. The rationale behind this practice is to
avoid situations of invoices becoming overdue or, where they are already
overdue, to minimise the negative consequences (such as interest accumulating)
of being overdue. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NEs 28 August 2019, p 65 at line 10 to p 66 at line 3.

The issue in dispute is whether the FIFO principle was the accounting practice
they had agreed upon for settlement NOWM’s outstanding invoices. While Mr Lim
Teck Kee answers this in the affirmative, 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Lim Teck Kee’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 55.

Miss Ong claims that the practice was to “us[e] [Prosper Marine’s] payments
for NOWM’s current invoices first” [emphasis added]. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Eileen Ong’s AEIC at para 28.

This practice was later (supposedly) formalised by way of the Allocation
Agreement.

101 The Allocation Agreement was apparently concluded during the parties’
discussion on 20 January 2015 and its terms are allegedly found in the 20
January 2015 Email. I reproduce it here again for convenience: 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 861 – Lim Teck Kee’s email dated 20 January 2015, AB 6833.

As discussed in [Prosper Marine’s] office this afternoon, It is agreed that
[Prosper Marine] will pay $500k for Jan 2015 and $500k for Feb 2015. From
March 2015 onwards [Prosper Marine] will maintain the payment of previous
month’s sales plus a certain amount to bring down the AR balance to an
acceptable amount of $6m based on the latest RFO price by July 2015.

102 The effect of this, according to Prosper Marine, was that NOWM’s latest
invoices would be paid first and excess payment would be used to reduce the
existing AR. Prosper Marine avers that this was the most commercially sensible
way of structuring payments. Some of NOWM’s invoices were approaching their
MEP and it was concerned about its exposure for future transactions. Earlier
transactions were less of a concern since they were covered by trade insurance
anyway. The Allocation Agreement therefore protected NOWM from the risk of
default on these more recent, uninsured invoices. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 20.

Prosper Marine’s case largely rests on its interpretation of the 20 January
Email. Yet, on a closer reading, it appears to me that the focus of this email
was on the quantum of payments due from Prosper Marine and when those payments
would be made. Nothing therein expressly directed how those payments were to
be applied, ie, that they should be allocated towards settling the most recent
invoices. In fact, there was an earlier email which did address how payments
would be applied. In an email dated 16 January 2015 (the “16 January Email”),
NOWM’s Mr Lim Teck Kee set out a proposed payment schedule for the next six
months: 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 862 – Lim Teck Kee’s email dated 20 January 2015, AB pp 6837
to 6839.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

This schedule indicates that Prosper Marine’s payment for January 2015 was to
be applied towards its earliest outstanding invoices, ie, for July 2014.
Thereafter NOWM would continue to apply follow up monthly payments on a FIFO
basis. There was nothing in the 16 January Email which suggested that the
parties were looking to deviate from the FIFO method of applying payments.
There was nothing in the 20 January Email (4 days later) which suggested that
this proposed order of payment had been superseded. I cannot accept that there
was ever a deviation from the original FIFO understanding between the parties.

103 Indeed, NOWM’s statement of accounts clearly show that payments made were
always channelled towards the oldest invoices. Payments made in March 2015
paid for invoices from January 2014 to August 2014; April 2015, for other
invoices from August 2014; May 2015, for invoices from August 2014 to
September 2014; and so on. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 800 – NOWM’s Statement of Accounts, AB 6325 – 6440.

This went on, even as the latest invoices accumulated in the AR balance,
remaining unpaid. With the exception of only one invoice that was settled on
cash on delivery terms 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 646.

, Mr Ong continued to approve payment vouchers that instructed the application
of Prosper Marine’s payments on a FIFO basis. By way of example, Mr Ong
accepted at trial that he had signed two payment vouchers dated 25 February
2015 which were later applied to invoices issued some six to seven months
earlier. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2876 – Payment Voucher for NPI022428, AB pp 18193 to 18194;
NEs 15 August 2019, p 129 at line 22 to p 130 at line 20.

These were hardly isolated incidents but Prosper Marine’s longstanding
practice, as NOWM’s Statement of Accounts demonstrate. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 800 – NOWM’s Statement of Accounts, AB 6325 – 6440.

In a similar vein, Miss Ong conceded that Prosper Marine had accepted the
application of its payment vouchers to NOWM’s invoices on a FIFO basis even as
late as January 2016. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NEs 28 August 2019, p 82 at lines 9 to 20.

104 Prosper Marine suggests that this was done without the approval of its
management and that its staff mechanically applied the accounting method of
FIFO because they were not privy to the Allocation Agreement. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 33, 36.

I could not accept this. After all, Prosper Marine’s payment vouchers were
marked “Approved By: Albert Ong” and some were apparently signed by him. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 983 – Payment Voucher for NPI022431, NPI022432, NPI022429
NPI022436 (Part), AB pp 7375 to 7376.

He must be taken to have noted the invoice numbers on the vouchers and
endorsed payment on this basis. Mr Ong’s evidence is that he only made sure
the amounts on the vouchers were accurate and did not check the dates of the
invoices that the vouchers would be applied to. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC at para 256.

I am not at all persuaded that Mr Ong would have overlooked such a detail,
especially when the parties had apparently come to an agreement that payments
had to be made in a particular order.

105 Even if I accept that Mr Ong only selectively checked Prosper Marine’s
payment vouchers, Miss Ong was, from March 2015 onwards, copied on all of the
emails from Prosper Marine’s accounts staff to NOWM which attached the
relevant vouchers. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 658.

She accordingly maintained oversight of these vouchers as well as the invoices
to which they were being applied. This is illustrated by an email from Miss
Ong to NOWM’s Christy Song on 6 January 2016 to verify whether Prosper
Marine’s payment of $106,911.84 had been used to clear an invoice dated 7
March 2015. Tellingly, the invoice in question was issued ten months before
her email. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1894 – Christy Song’s email dated 6 January 2016, AB 12908;
NEs 28 August 2019, p 80 at lines 12 to 23.

Moreover, when Christy Song replied affirmatively, Miss Ong raised no
objections to such an arrangement. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NEs 28 August 2019, p 82 at line 9 to p 83 at line 18.

Miss Ong’s conduct demonstrates that she was not only aware but sought to
ensure that NOWM’s invoices were settled on a FIFO basis. In the
circumstances, it is disingenuous of Prosper Marine to now suggest the
arrangement was otherwise.

106 There was of course, a stipulation in the 20 January Email that Prosper
Marine would “maintain the payment of previous month’s sales”. But this says
absolutely nothing about how the payments would be applied. The reference
simply affirms that Prosper Marine would pay for the RFO which NOWM sold to it
in the preceding month. It affirms Prosper Marine’s obligation to pay for this
RFO. It is not a reference to any particular invoice, much less an indication
of which invoice would be settled first. I find support for my interpretation
by situating the 20 January Email in its rightful context.

107 The 20 January Email was part of a series of correspondences between
NOWM’s Mr. Lim Teck Kee and Prosper Marine’s Ms Ong. They were finalising a
repayment schedule with the aim of bringing down Prosper Marine’s AR balance
to a satisfactory amount. “[P]revious month’s sales” was simply a reference to
the sales described in the 16 January Email, namely the ongoing RFO sales (see
the table below, which was appended to the 16 January Email). “[M]aintaining
the payment” of these sales simply meant that Prosper Marine would continue to
pay for the RFO it purchased from Prosper Marine.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

108 When considered holistically, it becomes apparent that the 20 January
Email holds no real connection to the Allocation Agreement but simply sets out
an agreement that from January 2015, Prosper Marine would make timely and
consistent payments in amounts exceeding the total amount of its monthly new
sales so as to facilitate the reduction of the AR balance.

109 Leaving aside the 20 January Email, Prosper Marine contends that the
Allocation Agreement is still evidenced by subsequent email correspondence. In
particular, it places weight on an internal NOWM email dated 12 June 2015
wherein Mr Lim Teck Kee confirmed to Mr Fung that the parties’ agreement in
January 2015 was for Prosper Marine “to pay more than the net amount to clear
the lapsed payments towards the end of the year 2014 and beginning of 2015”
(emphasis added). 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1242 – Lim Teck Kee’s email dated 12 June 2015, AB 9071.

In my judgment, this reference to the settlement of invoices due at the
beginning of 2015 is, in itself, equivocal because there is no indication that
the early-2015 invoices were to take precedence over the 2014 invoices.

110 A separate email from NOWM’s insurance broker, Mr Chan Hon Kian (“Mr
Chan”), dated 18 November 2015 in respect of ongoing discussions with Atradius
to reinstate NOWM’s trade credit insurance, does not take Prosper Marine’s
case any further. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1767 – Chan Hon Kian’s email dated 18 November 2015, AB
12210.

In this email Mr Chan wrote that:

… Atraius needs to have [the] cashflow projection of Prosper Marine to see how
can Prosper Marine meet the proposed monthly payment of at least S$1.25m
starting end Jan 2016 (i.e. in terms of breakdown S$1m in settling the
preceding month sale and at least $250k in settling the S$1.8m overdue insured
receivable).

(emphasis in bold in original; my emphasis in bold italics)

Prosper Marine appears to rely on Mr Chan’s suggestion that $1m of its monthly
payment of $1.25m be used to settle “the preceding month sale”. This is not
evidence of the Allocation Agreement. Mr Chan was merely putting forward a
proposal of how Prosper Marine’s payments for each month could be computed, as
a possible point of negotiation with Atradius. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NEs 2 August 2019, p 107 at lines 4 to 6.

Further, Mr Chan testified at trial that this proposal had been his own
suggestion 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NEs 2 August 2019, p 103 at line 19 to p 104 at line 1.

and he was unaware of whether there was an allocation agreement (if any)
already in existence. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NEs 2 August 2019, p 104 at lines 8 to 12.

In a similar vein, Mr Raymond maintained that he had not been told, upon
assuming the position of NOWM’s finance manager, of a payment arrangement
concluded with Prosper Marine in January 2015. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NEs 2 August 2019, p 20 at lines 22 to p 21 at line 10; p 22 at lines 19 to
24.

Returning to the wording of the 20 January Email, I consider it unlikely that
such an arrangement ever existed.

111 Even if NOWM had wanted to enter into the Allocation Agreement, this would
have contravened an express requirement under its trade insurance policy that
all payments given before the “Date of Loss” were to be applied to receivables
due from Prosper Marine in chronological order of due dates (per Condition
21300.00 of NOWM’s Atradius Modular Policy (“Insurance Policy”)): 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 80 – Atradiu Modula Policy dated 29 July 2013, AB 1473.

All amounts received by you, by any person acting on your behalf or by us
before the Date of Loss shall for the purposes of the policy be allocated to
all receivables due from the same Buyer in chronological order of due dates.

All amounts received by you, by any person acting on your behalf or by us
after the Date of Loss shall be divided between you and us in the proportion
in which the loss is borne by each of us…

(emphasis added)

112 The Date of Loss was calculated as 240 days from the date that the invoice
was issued, 240 days comprising a 180 day waiting period, 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NEs 2 August 2019, p 91 at lines 12 to 18; Agreed Bundle S/N 80 – Atradiu
Modula Policy dated 29 July 2013, AB 1473, see Condition 00500.00 of the
Insurance Policy.

which in turn commences 60 days after the invoice is first issued. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 80 – Atradiu Modula Policy dated 29 July 2013, AB 1463.

To illustrate, invoices issued in August 2014 would have a Date of Loss pegged
at April 2015 (i.e. 240 days from August 2014), and any payments up till April
2015 had to be applied on a FIFO basis. Here, there was at all times, an
invoice that had yet to reach its Date of Loss. When a Date of Loss was
declared for one set of invoices (say, the August 2014 invoices as April 2015
came around), other sets of invoices continued to stay active without being
declared “lost” since their Date of Loss had not come yet. There was therefore
a constant and live obligation for NOWM to apply Prosper Marine’s payments to
the earliest receivables in the AR Balance. Under these circumstances, I
cannot accept that NOWM would have contracted for the Allocation Agreement
when it would have so clearly contravened NOWM’s obligations to its trade
insurer.

113 For the above reasons, I find that the Allocation Agreement did not exist.
It is insufficient for Prosper Marine to simply claim that it has paid more
than the total value of invoices issued by NOWM since 1 April 2015 because
those payments were clearly not made for the purpose of settling the invoices
which are the subject of the 2014 Contracts suit. It follows that NOWM is
prima facie entitled to the outstanding sums on its 261 invoices, this being
$6,429,105.74. It follows that Prosper Marine is in breach of its obligations
under the 2014 Contracts as it has failed to pay the sums in these invoices.

Prosper Marine’s Counterclaim

114 I turn now to consider Prosper Marine’s counterclaim that NOWM has
breached the 2014 Contracts. Of course, having found that the Minimum Volume
Term, the Loading Rate Term and the Minimum RFO Term were not part of the
contracts, it is not necessary to make any findings about NOWM’s alleged
breaches of these terms. That said, I find that NOWM may only have breached
the Minimum RFO Term.

115 The Minimum Volume Term, it will be remembered, requires NOWM to accept a
minimum of 18,000 cbm of marine slops every month. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 48(1).

Prosper Marine alleges that NOWM has breached this term. To this end, Prosper
Marine mounts its case on the existence of tank-top issues. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 130.

NOWM was experiencing severe tank-top issues and therefore couldn’t have been
in a position to accept fresh slop, much less 18,000 cbm of slop, so the
theory goes.

116 As a significant amount of trial time was devoted to tank-top issues, it
would be useful to elaborate on its meaning. NOWM points out that Prosper
Marine has never offered a precise definition for the term “tank top” nor has
it identified specific instances of when the plant was in a “tank top”
situation. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 401.

In my view, there is no need for such specificity. From the evidence before
me, “tank-top” simply refers to situations where the build-up of marine slops
in NOWM’s reactor tanks compromised its ability to receive fresh slop at the
plant. Hence the expression “tank top”, meaning that the tank was full and
unable to take in any more slop. The measure of how much NOWM’s ability was
compromised is with reference to the tanks’ maximum capacity but I do not rely
on any particular instance of overflowing or maximum capacity being reached as
evidence of tank-top issues. Tank-top issues, as I understand it, refers to a
state of affairs rather than any identifiable episode. This is the basis on
which most of the trial was conducted on and is the basis that I proceeded on.

117 Ultimately, I find that there were tank-top issues at the plant. Surveying
the Daily Tank Level Reports, it is hard to come to any other conclusion. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 145 – Daily Tank Level Reports, AB 2723 – 3626.

This is confirmed by NOWM’s own expert, Mr Anthony Goh (“Mr Goh”), who
helpfully produced a chart detailing “Daily Marine Tank Levels” in his expert
report. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Anthony Goh’s AEIC, Appendix F at p 198.

As is apparent from the chart, marine tank levels generally rose from May 2014
to October 2016. The quantity of marine slop reached or exceeded the tank
capacity levels regularly and by September 2015 at least, this had become a
daily phenomenon. Even after NOWM’s reactor tank capacity was increased in
November 2015, 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Anthony Goh’s AEIC, Appendix F at p 221.

the levels of marine slop continued to rise and again, regularly reached or
exceeded tank capacity.

118 That said, the existence of tank top issues, by itself, does not amount to
a breach of the Minimum Volume Term. For NOWM to have breached the Minimum
Volume Term (an obligation to receive 18,000 cbm of slop per month), Prosper
Marine had to have delivered such an amount in the first place. This makes
eminent sense. Otherwise, Prosper Marine could very well have delivered no
slop at all and claimed damages for a breach that it itself was responsible
for. As such, to prove a breach of the Minimum Volume Term, Prosper Marine
must show that it had at least 18,000 cbm of slop on hand to deliver, that it
had attempted to deliver said slop and that NOWM had failed to receive this
slop.

119 The evidence, however, was seriously lacking. The only documentary
evidence produced by Prosper Marine was an internal document entitled “Total
Slop Quantity & Number of Jobs Done on a Monthly & Yearly Basis from 2003 to
Current”. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Daniel Lee’s AEIC, Tab 5 at p 570; Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC, Tab 4 at p 112.

This document purportedly set out the quantity of slop that Prosper Marine had
collected from its customers. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC at [42].

This would have shown whether Prosper Marine had 18,000 cbm of slop to deliver
at all. But I had serious doubts as to the reliability of this document. For
starters, there was no mention of any primary sources that these “internal
records” relied on – no contemporaneous logs, no worksite diaries and no
attestation by anybody as to its veracity. Moreover, Mr. Ong himself admitted
that the jobs table was generated for the purpose of litigation, raising
doubts as to its veracity. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 156 at lines 2 – 7.

120 Even on a highly charitable reading of the evidence, Prosper Marine’s own
tabulation suggested that they rarely had 18,000 cbm of slop to deliver. The
only occasions where they had collected such an amount were in December 2014
(18,659.536 cbm) and September 2015 (20,633.630 cbm). 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Daniel Lee’s AEIC, Tab 5 at p 570; Ong Cheng Ho’s AEIC, Tab 4 at p 112.

But for those occasions, NOWM had either received at least 18,000 cbm of slop
(thus fulfilling its contractual obligation) or there was no proof that
Prosper Marine had even tried to deliver 18,000 cbm of slop in the first
place. In December 2014 for example, Prosper Marine’s own expert recorded that
NOWM had received 18,144.709 cbm of slop. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, Tab 9 at page 1232, 1242

On that evidence, NOWM would certainly not have been in breach of the Minimum
Loading Rate Term. As for September 2015, there was no evidence that Prosper
Marine had even attempted to deliver 18,000 cbm of slop. In coming to this
conclusion, I examined the most reliable primary evidence of how much slop had
been delivered, received and/or rejected – the Discharge Forms of Prosper
Marine’s slop vessels. From the 8 Discharge Forms issued in September 2015,
232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1580 – Prosper One Discharge Form (1 Sept 2015), AB 11319;  
Agreed Bundle S/N 1588 – NGOS One Discharge Form (4 Sept 2015), AB 11361  

a clear picture emerged: Prosper Marine delivered far below 18,000 cbm of
slop. I tabulate my findings below:  

S/N| Date  
(DD/MM/YY)| Slop Originally Onboard| Slop Discharged| Slop left onboard, if
any  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| 01/09/15| 342.215| 266.261| 75.954  
2| 04/09/15| 435.239| 26.393| 408.846  
3| 05/09/15| 340.029| 229.158| 110.871  
4| 07/09/15| 213.013| 213.013| -  
5| 07/09/15| 261.647| 40.496| 221.151  
6| 18/09/15| 354.991| 354.991| -  
7| 21/09/15| 322.211| 322.211| -  
8| 29/09/15| 256.971| 256.971| -  
Total: | 2526.316| 1709.494| 221.151  
  
121 Evidently, Prosper Marine had not even delivered 18,000 cbm of slop, much
less been turned away from delivering the same. There was no breach of the
Minimum Volume Term.

122 Having found in NOWM’s favour, it is no longer strictly necessary to
identify who was responsible for the plant’s tank top issues. Identifying the
culprit is only relevant in so far as it offers a defence to NOWM in the event
of a breach of a Minimum Volume Term. NOWM’s argument would have been that
tank-top issues may have prevented it from receiving the contractually
stipulated quantity of slop, but the tank-top issues themselves were caused by
Prosper Marine. In other words, NOWM would have needed to prove that Prosper
Marine was the author of the very breach it complains of. This need has now
fallen away.

123 Nonetheless, I am prepared to find that Prosper Marine was indeed
responsible for the tank-top situation. It was undisputed that Prosper
Marine’s RFO collection dipped over the course of the dispute’s time period.
233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 112 – RFO Sold Jan 2014 to Dec 204, AB 1611 to 1622  
Agreed Bundle S/N 799 – RFO Sold Jan 2015 to Dec 2015, AB 6312 to 6324  
Agreed Bundle S/N 1880 – RFO Sold Jan 2016 to Sept 2016, AB 12830 to 12838

And I was satisfied that there was a causal relationship between the failure
to extract RFO and a tank-top situation on the basis of logic and empirical
evidence. It is logical that if the RFO were not removed from the RFO tank,
the oil from the reactor tanks could not be piped to the RFO tank and this in
turn would mean that the reactor tanks could not be emptied to receive slop.
As for evidence, this came from Mr Anthony Goh’s (“Mr Goh”) AEIC, 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Anthony Goh’s AEIC, Appendix F at p 198

which shows a clear correlation between RFO extraction and tank utilisation:
when RFO was taken out, the tank-top situation eased. This correlation was
strong enough to raise the inference of a causal relationship between the two
factors.

124 Indeed, I found Mr Goh’s analysis, based on primary sources of data and
contemporaneous records, 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Anthony Goh’s AEIC, Appendix F at p 198

to be professional and lucid. Not only did he convey the general relationship
between RFO extractions and the tank-top issue in an effective bar chart, he
was also able to point to specific incidents or episodes which best
illustrated the relationship between RFO extraction and tank utilisation. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

NEs 10 January 2020, p 68 lines 6 – 11 and lines 17 – 25

In contrast, Mr Bernard Tay’s (“Mr Tay”) evidence was a flippant one-liner: “I
am of the view that the cause of the tank-top issues was [not] due to [Prosper
Marine’s] failure to purchase RFO… I am instructed that there were tank-top
issues even when [Prosper Marine] had purchased RFO”. There is no reference to
any data or empirical evidence that backs this claim and certainly no analysis
of the same. This much is clear from Mr Tay’s cross-examination: 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

NEs 10 January 2020, p 143 lines 6 – 12, lines 24 -25; p 144 lines 1 - 3

Q: […] you were instructed that there were tank top issues even when Prosper
Marine purchased RFO. That’s the first reason.

A: Yes.

Q: That’s what you were instructed to assume as a fact, right?

A: Yes.

Q: You did no analysis of this, correct?

A: Yes.

Q: You yourself did no analysis of when there was tank top versus instances of
removal of RFO. You did no such analysis?

A: I did not do that.

[…]

Q: So, Mr Tay, you don’t actually analyse whether or not the removal of the –
the failure to remove RFO regularly causes tank top or not. You didn’t analyse
that?

A: I didn’t analyse.

It would appear that Mr Tay did no more than recite the same instructions that
he was given.

125 In fact, problems with Mr Tay’s testimony plagued every part of Prosper
Marine’s case. Prosper Marine argued that the tank-top issues were, in truth,
the result of multiple factors. A non-functioning centrifugal system at the
Plant; the failure to maintain the heating coils in the tanks; the lack of an
effective waste water treatment system; the excessive build-up of supposedly
untreatable “black-water”; and NOWM’s excessive intake of land-based slops –
these were all claimed by Prosper Marine to be factors contributing to the
tank-top situation. But Mr Tay could not speak to any of these.

126 His opinion on the centrifugal system at the Plant was, by his own
admission, based on incomplete information (“I am not given information as to
whether or not the Guinard centrifugal system faced issues” 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, p 21 at para 14.

). Comments on the supposedly poorly maintained heating coils were either
based on pure conjecture (“it is possible that NOWM is cost-sensitive and
would not have changed the heating coils frequently” 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, p 22 at para 18.

) or entirely without basis (“no information [was] provided as to the
maintenance of heating coils” 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, p 22 at para 17.

). Opinions about the Plant’s supposedly ineffective waste water treatment
were based solely on a newspaper cutting from 2018 (long after the dispute
time period) 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, p 25 at para 36.

, an evidential basis which he later conceded was erroneous. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

NEs 10 January 2020, p 174 lines 1 – 9.

In fact, it became apparent at trial that he had not even seen the wastewater
treatment records that he claimed to have referred to in drafting his expert
report. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

NEs 10 January 2020, p 178 lines 3 – 20.

As for “black water” building up in the tanks and causing tank-top problems,
his report makes no mention of this at all.

127 The only time Mr Tay seriously considered some primary evidence was in
evaluating whether the addition of land-based slop into designated marine slop
tanks contributed to the tank-top situation. There, relying on a “Supervisor’s
Log Book”, 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, Tab 4 at p 122.

he noted that some land-based slop had indeed been transferred in September
2014. He was also “instructed” 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, p 22 at para 22.

that there were tank-top issues in September 2014. He concluded from this and
“many” other unnamed instances that NOWM’s intake of land-based slop
contributed to the tank-top problem. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, p 23 at para 25.

None of these “many” other instances were enclosed in his expert report. There
was of course, no need to tediously list every instance where there was a
coincidence of land slop intake and tank-top problems. But Mr Tay’s report did
not even attach the evidence that he relied on in coming to that conclusion.
The only primary evidence attached was a snippet from the Supervisor’s Log
Book showing only September 2014 land slop transfers. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Bernard Tay’s AEIC, Tab 4 at p 122.

128 For these reasons, I rejected Mr Tay’s evidence. But beyond this, I was
not convinced by any of Prosper Marine’s other arguments either. In
particular, I rejected its suggestions that (a) lack of maintenance had
created sludge and “black water” that clogged up the tanks; (b) that addition
of land slops had caused the tank-top problems and (c) that the Plant’s design
had caused the tank-top problem.

129 According to Prosper Marine, NOWM had failed to maintain the tanks
properly. Consequently, sludge built up and took up tank capacity,
contributing to the tank-top problems. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 99.

Sludge also covered the heating coils, reducing the Plant’s ability to
generate RFO expeditiously. Accordingly, slop spent a longer time in the tank
being treated, thus contributing to the tank-top problems. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 103.

I rejected this completely. First, there was no evidence of excessive sludge
build-up. Prosper Marine’s only evidence is the fact that 250 mt of sludge
were demucked from “Tank 101” on 1 October 2016. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2747 – Prosper Tank Cleaning & Logistics Pte Ltd Tax Invoice
No. PT TC1610 033, AB 16734.

But this sludge was not necessarily the result of poor maintenance of the
tanks. This 250 mt of sludge was in fact a combination of sludge, emulsifiers
and sawdust, which are normally used in such cleaning operations. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

NOWM’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020.

The sheer volume of sludge, in other words, was not clearly traceable to
sludge build-up arising from poor maintenance. Second, sludge was a perfectly
natural by-product of slop treatment. And when it did form, sedimentation
usually occurred at the sides of the processing tank. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

NEs 28 January 2020, p 50 lines 1 – 21.

The heating coils (in the centre of the tank) would not be lathered and
paralyzed by sludge as Prosper Marine claimed, unless the build-up was
extremely high (a situation for which there was no evidence).

130 Prosper Marine pointed to other evidence of NOWM’s failure to maintain its
tanks. Specifically, it points to the build-up of “black water” in NOWM’s
tanks. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 104.

“Black water” refers to the situation where the heating process in the reactor
tank is unable to achieve separation of oil from water after a prolonged
period of time. It is undisputed between the parties that the tanks contained
4,400 cbm of “black water” as of August 2016. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

NEs 10 January 2020, p 112 lines 13 – 18; see also Agreed Bundle S/N 1880 –
Invoices for RFO Loads in August & September 2016, AB 12837 – 12838.

This would, of course, have taken up tank capacity. But that does not say much
at all. Simply taking up tank capacity may well lead to, but does not
necessarily equate to tank-top problems. Indeed, the significance of “black
water” remained deeply unclear. It could be a consequence of poor maintenance
practices, as Prosper Marine suggests, 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 108.

or it could be a symptom of pre-existing tank top problems, as Mr Goh
suggested. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

NEs 10 January 2020, p 108 lines 13 – 16.

There was even suggestion that the “black water” would have been fully treated
given time 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

NEs 7 August 2019, p 60 lines 8 – 15.

and that it was only a “problem for treatment”, 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

NEs 10 January 2020, p 138, lines 17 – 18.

not “untreatable”. The evidence was ultimately murky and did not sway me in
any particular direction. I found that this factor - “black water” and its
supposed contribution to the tank top problems – was neutral at best.

131 Prosper Marine also suggested that NOWM’s land slop intake had contributed
to the tank top problems. This made no sense either. NOWM had always processed
both land slops and marine slops in the same Cat 1 slop processing tanks. It
was an operational norm. The Cat 1 slop processing tanks used by NOWM were
dual use tanks, designed to cater to both marine and land based slops. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

NEs 10 January 2020, p 93 line 24 – p 94 line 6.

Prosper Marine knew that NOWM collected and treated both land and marine based
slops. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 70 lines 16 – 23.

So Prosper Marine’s grievance cannot be that NOWM had process land based slops
together with its marine based ones.

132 Its real complaint, as I understood it, was that NOWM continued to accept
land-based slops even though the tanks were already facing tank-top issues.
261

##### Foot Note 261

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 121.

But there was no credible evidence of such recklessness. If anything, NOWM had
expanded its slop processing tank capacity from 4,800 cbm to 7,092 cbm in
November 2015, 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Anthony Goh’s AEIC, Appendix F at p 221.

such an expansion being amply sufficient to make up for any additional land
slop intake. Indeed, though NOWM’s witnesses had acknowledged that land slop
intake had increased, these increases (8% annual increase in 2014; 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

NEs 22 July 2019, p 57 lines 4 – 8.

5% in 2015; 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

NEs 22 July 2019, p 58 lines 15 – 17.

and 3% in 2016 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

NEs 22 July 2019, p 59 lines 14 – 16.

) were marginal compared to the 48% increase in capacity.

133 Finally, I address the supposed design flaws that were responsible for the
tank top problems. I find these allegations – allegations which surfaced for
the first time in closing submissions – completely incredible. If the Plant’s
design had been fundamentally flawed, there would have been a gradual decline
in performance over time and not the sudden appearance of operational problems
in 2014. Indeed, the Plant was designed and operated in a manner that is
entirely consistent with the industry practice for plants of this type and
purpose. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Anthony Goh’s AEIC, p 26 at para 72(a).

Prosper Marine’s contentions that (a) NOWM should have had more RFO storage
tanks, 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 128.

and that (b) NOWM should have turned off the steam to reduce the convection
current 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 129.

are no more than a collection of un-pleaded assertions, made with the benefit
of hindsight and seeking to pin the blame on NOWM. I reject them all.

134 I turn now to the Loading Rate Term. Assuming that it was part of the 2014
Contracts, this term obliged NOWM to ensure that slops were discharged at a
rate between 50 m3 per hour and 100 m3 per hour. Prosper Marine, however, has
misinterpreted this term. It has taken this term to import an obligation to
receive slop at a rate of 100 m3 per hour. Pointing to instances where NOWM
has failed to receive 100 m3 of slop per hour, Prosper Marine asserts that
there was a breach of the Loading Rate Term. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

Consolidated Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 46.

135 This is patently wrong. Accordingly, the examples Prosper Marine offers of
an alleged breach, are entirely misplaced. Although Mr Ong was given an
opportunity to explain himself on the stand, his answers were neither helpful
nor coherent: 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

NEs 14 August 2019, p 31 line 25 – p 33 line 9.

Court: Why are you claiming – you are unable to pump at 100 for some reason?
Why are you claiming on the basis of 100?

A: I think the basis is that we base on the claim, part of it, base on the
claimed we think that it’s 100. Even my Prosper 1, my maximum is 70, I will do
at 70. I never say I want to do at 100 for Prosper 1.

Q: Mr Ong, you have no good reason for pitching your case at 100 cubic metres
per hour; isn’t that right?

A: I mean I reserve my answer for that unless, your Honour, you ask me a
question, for me I feel that I claim 100 to the maximum, I think it’s
reasonable because my vessel able to pump 100.

Q: Mr. Ong, my first point is if that maximum loading rate is there as a
contractually agreed safety limit, isn’t it unreasonable to make your claim at
that level?

[…]

A: To me I say it’s not unreasonable.

Q: Mr. Ong, now I’ve got a different question to ask you. If the contract
allows pumping to be between 50 and 100, would it be in breach of the contract
if pumping was done at 51 cubic metres an hour? […] Isn’t it correct that the
contract allows slop to be delivered by Prosper Marine to my client at the
rate of 51 cubic metres an hour?

A: Yes.

Q: So you’ve inflated your claim by putting it at 100 cubic metres; isn’t that
right?

A: That’s not right. If I can pump at 100, I put 100.

136 I am mindful of not making a strawman out of Prosper Marine's case. And
indeed, in its reply closing submissions, Prosper Marine laments that its case
has been mischaracterised. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Prosper Marine’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020, at para 127.

It asserts that it had always interpreted the Loading Rate Term as requiring
NOWM to “receive slops from PM’s vessels at a loading rate corresponding to
the rate the [Prosper Marine’s] vessels required to discharge slops”. I reject
this. This was a bare assertion. Prosper Marine could not point me to any
affidavit or submission where it had put its case as such. Its Defence and
Consolidated Counterclaim itself (at [46]) 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Consolidated Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 46.

has pleaded its case in precisely that absurd fashion:

In breach of the Loading Rate Term under the Disposal Contract and/or the
implied term pleaded at paragraph 14 above, [NOWM] failed, neglected and/or
refused to receive marine slops from Prosper Marine’s vessels at the
corresponding rate of 100 cubic metres per hour.

[emphasis added]

137 Accordingly, I find that there was no breach of the Loading Rate Term. I
acknowledge that there were other issues raised in relation to the Loading
Rate Term. These relate to (a) how the discharge rate was measured/quantified,
273

##### Foot Note 273

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 540 and 543.

and (b) whether NOWM was solely responsible for discharge delays (if any). 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, at para 539 and 544.

But given that Prosper Marine’s case for the Loading Rate Term was built on a
fundamentally illogical bed of pleadings, I see no need to explore those
issues further.

138 Finally, I turn to the Minimum RFO Term. Prosper Marine’s case is simply
that “NOWM did not sell 3,200 MT of RFO per month to [Prosper Marine] for at
least 19 months from the period of May 2014 to September 2016.” 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 132.

This is true, at least from a plain reading of the RFO sales figures which
both parties have agreed on (see [140] below). 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 112 – RFO Sold Jan 2014 to Dec 204, AB 1611 to 1622  
Agreed Bundle S/N 799 – RFO Sold Jan 2015 to Dec 2015, AB 6312 to 6324  
Agreed Bundle S/N 1880 – RFO Sold Jan 2016 to Sept 2016, AB 12830 to 12838

On that basis, a prima facie case of breach was established. To this, NOWM
contends that it was, at all times, ready and willing to sell its RFO. It was
Prosper Marine who failed to collect the RFO. The lack of RFO sales was, in
other words, entirely attributable to Prosper Marine’s failure to collect RFO
(“the refusal-to-cooperate defence”). 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 592 – 594.

139 In my judgment, it is not enough for NOWM to have shown that it had RFO on
hand which Prosper Marine failed to collect. To avail itself of the refusal-
to-cooperate defence, it must also show that it reached out to Prosper Marine
and had requested for RFO collection. This would be consistent with the
contractual obligations in the RFO Contract (clauses 2.7 and 2.8 of the RFO
Contract require NOWM to issue directions for collection of the RFO 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 156 – RFO Contract, AB 3770.

) as well as ordinary commercial expectations – NOWM, being the operator of
the plant, would be in the best position to determine when RFO collection
would be needed.

140 Accordingly (and assuming that the Minimum RFO Term was established), NOWM
would have breached the term in the following months:

Month| Whether breach of Minimum RFO Term was established  
---|---  
May 2014| Yes  
Nov 2014| Yes  
Dec 2014| Yes  
Feb 2015| No  
Jun 2015| No  
Jul 2015| Yes  
Aug 2015| Yes  
Sep 2015| Yes  
Oct 2015| No  
Nov 2015| No  
Dec 2015| No  
Jan 2016| Yes  
Feb 2016| No  
Mar 2016| No  
Apr 2016| Yes  
May 2016| Yes  
Jun 2016| No  
Jul 2016| Yes  
Aug 2016| Yes  
Sep 2016| Yes  
  
141 For my analysis, I relied primarily on Anthony Goh’s Daily Marine Tank
level graphs 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Anthony Goh’s AEIC, Appendix F at p 198.

but also the correspondence between Prosper Marine and NOWM. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 118 – “OilChem & Prosper Ops” Whatsapp Group Chatlog, AB
1779 – 1786.

I considered the following factors:

(a) the frequency of Prosper Marine’s RFO collection;

(b) the quantity of RFO collected by Prosper Marine on each occasion ;

(c) the amount of RFO produced by NOWM in between Prosper Marine’s
collections;

(d) whether NOWM had requested for RFO collection from Prosper Marine in a
timely manner (as evinced from the chat logs);

(e) any RFO sale by NOWM to third parties; and

(f) any explanations that NOWM may offer for it selling RFO to third parties
rather than Prosper Marine.

142 Broadly speaking, there were three situations where a prima facie breach
of the Minimum RFO Term was established.

143 The first involved situations where the breach could be explained by
Prosper Marine’s failure to collect RFO in a timely and expeditious manner. In
such cases, I do not find that NOWM had breached the Minimum Volume Term. The
clearest example of this is in June 2016. There, NOWM made no RFO sales to
Prosper Marine at all. But its product tanks (the tanks storing RFO ready for
sale) were also filled with RFO. In fact, they were at maximum capacity
throughout June. It was Prosper Marine which failed to receive the RFO from
NOWM. In other situations, NOWM requested for RFO collection early on when its
tanks were filling up. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 118 – “OilChem & Prosper Ops” Whatsapp Group Chatlog, AB
1785 (see Ngiam’s request for Royston to arrange for RFO Loading on 4th
February 2015 and 11th March 2015. Collection was only made on 9th February
and 18th March, respectively).

However, Prosper Marine did not collect the RFO until much later. For example,
Mr Ngiam Tee Leng (NOWM’s Assistant Manager of Operations) requested for Mr
Royston Sim (Prosper Marine’s representative) to arrange for RFO loading on 4
February 2015 and 5 June 2015. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 118 – “OilChem & Prosper Ops” Whatsapp Group Chatlog, AB
1785 (see Ngiam’s request for Royston to arrange for RFO Loading on 4th
February 2015 and 11th March 2015. Collection was only made on 9th February
and 18th March, respectively).

Collection, however, was only made on 9 February 2015 and 12 June 2015. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Anthony Goh’s AEIC, Appendix F at p 198.

In the interim, it was clear that the tanks were either filling up or filled
up with product that could not be offloaded. In that regard, it was Prosper
Marine’s failure to cooperate that led to the breach complained of. In these
situations, I determined that NOWM could not be held responsible for the
breach of the Minimum Volume Term. The months that fell into this category
were:

(a) February 2015

(b) June 2015

(c) June 2016

144 The second category of cases involved situations where NOWM made sales of
RFO to third parties instead of Prosper Marine. This happened in November 2014
and April 2016. For these months, I find that NOWM could be held liable for
breach of the Minimum Volume Term. Admittedly, October 2015 involved multiple
sales to third parties as well. However, I noted that Prosper Marine’s RFO
vessel, “Star III”, was converted into a slop-pickup vessel during that month.
284

##### Foot Note 284

×

NEs 14 August 2019, p 156 line 14 – p 157 line 11.

This would explain why NOWM would have had to seek alternative measures to
relieve itself of RFO that was taking up tank capacity.

145 Finally, the third category of cases involved situations where it was
unclear if and when NOWM had requested for Prosper Marine to come collect RFO.
Without sight of such evidence, I cannot accept NOWM’s refusal-to-cooperate
defence. NOWM urges me to consider that the Star III, Prosper Marine’s only
RFO vessel, was used for slop collection instead. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, para 595 and 411.

It also urges me to consider the fact that Prosper Marine was purchasing RFO
from Cleanseas instead of from NOWM. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020, para 595 and 410.

However, I was not persuaded by these arguments. For one, Prosper Marine only
converted the Star III into a slop vessel periodically. Indeed, there was only
evidence of Prosper Marine disabling its RFO collection capabilities in five
instances: October 2015 (as discussed above at [144]), November 2015, 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 8, JF-154 at p 4862.

December 2015, 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 8, JF-154 at p 4864.

February 2016 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 8, JF-154 at p 4868.

and March 2016. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 8, JF-154 at p 4870.

For those occasions, I was prepared to accept that NOWM could not be held
liable for breach of the Minimum RFO Term since Prosper Marine had handicapped
itself, effectively preventing NOWM from fulfilling the contractual
obligations that relied on Prosper Marine’s cooperation. But I could not
accept that this would extend to a blanket exoneration of all other breaches.
Additionally, I found that Prosper Marine’s purchases of RFO from Cleanseas
were not relevant to the question at hand. The RFO Contract was never meant to
be an exclusive one.

146 As such, I find that if the Minimum RFO Term was established, NOWM would
have breached the term in the months that I’ve stated above at [140].

147 As for complaints about the quality of the RFO, I found them to be
entirely baseless. NOWM gave no assurance as to the quality of the product
which it sold to Prosper Marine. Such an obligation was not part of the RFO
Contract. This does not mean that NOWM was free to provide shoddy product.
Rather, it was an acknowledgement of the fact that the quality of the RFO
produced by NOWM directly depended on the quality of the slop brought in by
Proper Marine (see [69] above). This also aligns with NOWM’s undertaking under
cl 3.1 of the RFO Contract that the quality of its RFO would correspond with
the samples taken from Prosper Marine’s vessels. NOWM, in other words, had no
control over the quality of the RFO it produced. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 124.

Accordingly, I found that there was no assurance as to quality of the RFO
produced by NOWM, and dismissed Prosper Marine’s arguments to the contrary.

Exclusion of liability under the 2014 Contracts

148 There is one other related matter for my determination. Prosper Marine
argues that NOWM’s claim for late payment interest under the 2014 Contracts
should also be excluded. This is because NOWM’s claimed rate of interest of
18% is “unconscionable and/or extravagant and/or not a genuine pre-estimate of
loss”, therefore amounting to an unenforceable penalty clause. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

Consolidated Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) at para 16.

As affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Xia Zhengyan v Geng Changqing [2015] 3
SLR 732 (“Xia Zhengyan”) at [78], the law on penalty clauses is embodied
within the following principles laid down in Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v
New Garage and Motor Co Ltd [1915] AC 79 (“Dunlop”) at 86-88 (the “Dunlop
Principles”):

1\. Though the parties to a contract who use the words ‘penalty’ or
‘liquidated damages’ may prima facie be supposed to mean what they say, yet
the expression used is not conclusive. The Court must find out whether the
payment stipulated is in truth a penalty or liquidated damages. This doctrine
may be said to be found passim in nearly every case.

2\. The essence of a penalty is a payment of money stipulated as in terrorem
of the offending party; the essence of liquidated damages is a genuine
covenanted pre-estimate of damage (Clydebank Engineering and Shipbuilding Co.
v. Don Jose Ramos Yzquierdo y Castaneda [[1905] AC 6]).

3\. The question whether a sum stipulated is [a] penalty or liquidated damages
is a question of construction to be decided upon the terms and inherent
circumstances of each particular contract, judged of as at the time of the
making of the contract, not as at the time of the breach (Public Works
Commissioner v. Hills [[1906] AC 368] and Webster v. Bosanquet [[1912] AC
394]).

4\. To assist this task of construction various tests have been suggested,
which if applicable to the case under consideration may prove helpful, or even
conclusive. Such are:

(a) It will be held to be [a] penalty if the sum stipulated for is extravagant
and unconscionable in amount in comparison with the greatest loss that could
conceivably be proved to have followed from the breach. (Illustration given by
Lord Halsbury in [the] Clydebank Case [[1905] AC 6])

(b) It will be held to be a penalty if the breach consists only in not paying
a sum of money, and the sum stipulated is a sum greater than the sum which
ought to have been paid (Kemble v. Farren [(1829) 6 Bing 141]). This though
one of the most ancient instances is truly a corollary to the last test.
Whether it had its historical origin in the doctrine of the common law that
when A. promised to pay B. a sum of money on a certain day and did not do so,
B. could only recover the sum with, in certain cases, interest, but could
never recover further damages for non-timeous payment, or whether it was a
survival of the time when equity reformed unconscionable bargains merely
because they were unconscionable,—a subject which much exercised Jessel M.R.
in Wallis v. Smith [(1879) 21 Ch D 243]—is probably more interesting than
material.

(c) There is a presumption (but no more) that it is [a] penalty when ‘a single
lump sum is made payable by way of compensation, on the occurrence of one or
more or all of several events, some of which may occasion serious and others
but trifling damage’ (Lord Watson in Lord Elphinstone v. Monkland Iron and
Coal Co. [(1886) 11 App Cas 332]).

On the other hand:

(d) It is no obstacle to the sum stipulated being a genuine pre-estimate of
damage, that the consequences of the breach are such as to make precise pre-
estimation almost an impossibility. On the contrary, that is just the
situation when it is probable that pre-estimated damage was the true bargain
between the parties (Clydebank Case, Lord Halsbury [[1905] AC 6 at 11];
Webster v. Bosanquet, Lord Mersey [[1912] AC 394] at 398).

149 Since Xia Zhengyan, the UK Supreme Court has modified the test for
ascertaining whether a clause is, in fact, a penalty clause. This revised test
now requires a court to determine “whether the impugned provision is a
secondary obligation which imposes a detriment on the contract-breaker out of
all proportion to any legitimate interest of the innocent party in the
enforcement of the primary obligation” (Cavendish Square Holding BV v Makdessi
[2016] AC 1172 (“Cavendish”) at [32]). While the Cavendish test has been
positively cited in a number of Singapore High Court decisions, 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 296.

the Court of Appeal has yet to decisively rule on its applicability against
the Dunlop principles (see Leiman, Ricardo and another v Noble Resources Ltd
and another [2020] SGCA 52 at [98], [107]).

150 In any case, NOWM states that an annual interest rate of 18% is neither
unconscionable, extravagant nor out of proportion to its legitimate interests.
The parties were business partners with comparable bargaining power who not
only transacted with high frequency but also periodically reviewed their
commercial terms. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 300.

It must therefore be presumed that they themselves were the best judges of
what would be a legitimate rate of interest, ie, an annual rate of 18%.
Indeed, the reasonableness of this interest rate is bolstered by the fact that
Cleanseas, NOWM’s direct competitor, also charged an interest rate of 18% per
annum up until the last quarter of 2016. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

NE, 13 August 2019, p 64 at lines 19 to 22.

Thereafter, Cleanseas raised its interest rate to 24% per annum – far in
excess of NOWM’s rate. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

See for eg, Agree Bundle S/N 2701 – Prosper Marine’s Invoice for Slop Disposal
at Cleanseas dated 22 September 2016, AB 16512 (see bottom right corner
“Interest charge at 2% per month will be levied on overdue invoice”)

151 NOWM’s rate of interest also does meet the criteria for a penalty clause
as a matter of contractual construction. The interest issued on each of NOWM’s
outstanding invoices only represents a fraction of the sum that is due and
owing from Prosper Marine and cannot be seen as extravagant. Such interest
also does not represent a single lump sum payment and is only triggered by a
single event, ie, Prosper Marine’s failure to pay, rather than multiple
possible occurrences. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 307.

152 The burden of showing whether a contractual interest rate amounts to a
penalty lies with the party who is being sued on the agreed sum (CLAAS Medical
Centre Pte Ltd v Ng Boon Ching [2010] 2 SLR 386 at [63]). In my judgment,
Prosper Marine has not put forward sufficient evidence to satisfy this
requirement under either the Dunlop principles or the Cavendish test. Prosper
Marine’s main argument is that, contrary to NOWM’s submissions, the parties
were not really of equal bargaining power and NOWM dictated the terms of the
2014 Contracts. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

Prosper Marine’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at paras 61 to
62.

In the absence of proper negotiations, a rate of 18% late payment interest is
clearly not in line with Prosper Marine’s legitimate interests. This fact was
apparently conceded by Mr Fung in an internal NOWM email dated 31 July 2015,
where he accepted that “[Prosper Marine] ha[d] not agreed/acknowledged this
interest charge all along … [and NOWM] ha[d] not insisted that they pay”. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1438 – Low Chin Nam’s emails to Jeffrey Fung dated 29 – 31
July 2015, AB 10218 – 10221.

153 Problematically, however, Prosper Marine has not put forward evidence
which actually indicates that the negotiation process of the 2014 Contracts
was imbalanced, resulting in onerous terms being imposed on it by NOWM. It is
not open to the court to speculate as to the parties’ commercial dealings
without any basis on which to do so. Mr Fung’s email does not advance Prosper
Marine’s case because it was sent in the context of negotiations for the sale
of Prosper 9 (see above at [91]). 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1438 – Low Chin Nam’s emails to Jeffrey Fung dated 29 – 31
July 2015, AB 10218 – 10221.

Mr Fung was informing NOWM’s management that they had simply never insisted on
interest payment after Prosper Marine had repaid earlier, principal debts. His
comments cannot be taken as a blanket statement that there had never been a
practice of interest payment at all.

154 Prosper Marine laments that “NOWM had asserted its dominance over PM”. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Prosper Marine’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 62.

But NOWM’s internal email correspondence – an email chain that Prosper Marine
itself relies on – suggests that NOWM was concerned about ensuring that the
ultimate deal was agreeable to Prosper Marine. It was wary of raising new
issues 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1438 – Low Chin Nam’s emails to Jeffrey Fung dated 29 – 31
July 2015, AB 10219.

or jeopardizing negotiations with someone that it evidently saw as an equal
business partner, not a party to be strong-armed. There was no reason for NOWM
to have treated negotiations so delicately if they were as dominant as Prosper
Marine claimed them to be.

155 Prosper Marine’s final and weakest argument was that since NOWM was
“making profits from their dealings with [Prosper Marine]”, 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

Prosper Marine’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 63.

there were no losses to address. Any late payment interest, by extension,
could not have been a genuine pre-estimate of any losses. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Prosper Marine’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 63.

This is dangerously faulty logic. It suggests that only unprofitable companies
may seek interest payments or liquidated damages. Any other company, having no
“losses” to speak of, would enforce such clauses at their own risk and risk
them being cut down as penal clauses. I rejected this argument. The “loss”
referred to when one describes “genuine pre-estimates of loss” refers to loss
arising from the failed transaction or unmet contractual expectations. It does
not refer to “loss” in a general sense (as Prosper Marine seems to suggest).
The question therefore is whether an 18% late payment interest is a genuine
pre-estimate of the loss arising from invoices not paid in a timely manner.
Prosper Marine has failed to answer that question at all.

156 I am accordingly satisfied that NOWM’s late payment interest rate does not
amount to a penalty clause and it should therefore be entitled to such
interest on its unpaid invoices.

The Directors’ Guarantee suit

157 The sole issue here is whether the Prosper Directors are liable in their
personal capacity for NOWM’s outstanding invoices. Prosper Marine advanced
three defences. Firstly, its counterclaims in the 2014 Contracts suits
extinguish and/or exceed the sums due under NOWM’s invoices. Secondly, under
cl 1 of the Directors’ Guarantee, the Prosper Directors are not liable for
debts incurred before 1 April 2015. Thirdly, in accordance with the Allocation
Agreement, the debts for which the Prosper Directors would have been liable
have already been fully paid. It follows that there are no remaining
liabilities which entitle NOWM to call upon the Directors’ Guarantee.

158 I have already found that the debts in the 2014 Contract suits (which are
the same debts in the Directors’ Guarantee suit) have not been extinguished by
Prosper Marine’s counterclaim (see [56]–[73]). I have also found that there
was no Allocation Agreement between the parties (see [99]–[112]). The debts
were therefore, not paid off by post-April 2015 payments. The nett result is
that the debts are due and payable.

159 My finding on the Allocation Agreement is bolstered by the fact that the
parties agreed that the Directors’ Guarantee would apply to invoices issued
from 1 April 2015. The Directors’ Guarantee was signed on 12 November 2015,
some ten months after the Allocation Agreement was apparently concluded. If
Prosper Marine’s repayments were really being applied on a “last in, first
out” basis, it is unclear why NOWM required a formalised guarantee to
specifically ensure payment on its latest invoices (i.e. the invoices starting
from 1 April 2015, which the Directors’ Guarantee covered). This conduct
suggests that Prosper Marine was really settling invoices on a FIFO basis and
NOWM, being without insurance for invoices issued after 1 April 2015, needed
an assurance that Prosper Marine would pay the sums due on the same. The
Directors’ Guarantee aptly fulfilled this objective.

160 I accordingly find the Prosper Directors jointly and severally liable for
NOWM’s unpaid invoices, including 18% late payment interest thereon (in line
with cl 2(b) of the Directors’ Guarantee). I allow the Directors’ Guarantee
suit.

The Charterparty suit

161 There are two main issues that arise for my consideration in this suit:

(a) whether NOM is entitled unpaid monthly hire fees under the Charterparty;
and

(b) whether Prosper Marine is liable for the loss, damage and expenses
incurred by NOM as a result of breaches of the Charterparty and if so, what
consequences should flow thereon.

I shall examine these issues in turn.

Outstanding charter hire fees

162 Prosper Marine candidly accepts that it did not make any charter hire
payments from 27 May 2016 until Prosper 9’s repossession on 16 September 2016.
305

##### Foot Note 305

×

HC/S 1048/2016 - Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 23

Its sole defence against this is that it was induced, by way of fraudulent
misrepresentation, to enter into the Deed and Charterparty. This allegation
forms the substance of its counterclaim in the Charterparty Suit as well. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 244 to 245.

163 The elements of fraudulent misrepresentation are well established (see
Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435
at [14]):

(a) there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct;

(b) this representation must be made with the intention that it should be
acted upon by the representee or by a class of persons which includes the
representee;

(c) the representee must have acted on the false statement;

(d) the representee must have suffered damage by doing so; and

(e) the representation must be made with knowledge that it is false.

164 Prosper Marine argues that these elements have been satisfied by
representations made in the 31 July 2015 email: 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1437 - Low Chin Nam’s Email dated 31 July 2015, AB 10213.

Dear Albert,

We have been very supportive of [Prosper Marine]. Hence, leading to the
current crisis which [NOWM’s] management has been severely reprimanded by our
Exco and Board.

I hope you appreciate that we have a very restrictive mandate from our Exco.
We have been accommodative in accepting your charter rate which we had to
justify quite hard.

I sincerely urge and hope that you would follow and meet our expectation this
time too so that we can revert back to business as usual.

Please be assured that [Prosper Marine] will continue to have the support of
[NOWM] so that our partnership will grow from strength to strength after this
gust of headwind…

(emphasis added]

165 According to Prosper Marine. the two italicised phrases (the
“Representations”) promised the normalisation of operations at NOWM’s plant,
ie, the resolution of its tank top issues. Prosper Marine was thus led to
believe that it would eventually be able to (i) utilise Prosper 9 for marine
slops collection, this having been the vessel’s purpose before its sale to
NOWM; (ii) generate sufficient revenue to pay for monthly fees under the
Charterparty; and (iii) generate sufficient revenue to pay down the AR. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 242.

On this basis, Prosper Marine entered into the Deed and Charterparty. It
thereby incurred an ongoing liability of monthly charter fees and was unable
to reserve any proceeds from the sale of Prosper 9, resulting in loss and
damage. Lastly, the Representations were made with the knowledge that they
were false. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 249, 252, to
254, 257 to 258.

166 As against this, NOM contends that the Representations were worded in the
future tense: for eg, “so that we can revert” and “our partnership will grow”
(emphasis added). These were, at best, statements about the future, which are
not actionable misrepresentations. Indeed, a “representation is a statement
which relates to a matter of fact, which may be a past or present fact”
(emphasis added) (Tan Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (“Tan
Chin Seng”) at [12]; The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong
gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of Contract”) at para 11.029).
Projections about the future are not actionable representations.

167 Moreover, these Representations were simply aspirational pleasantries.
They were nothing more than polite niceties imploring Mr Ong to appreciate the
difficult position that the NOM management had been placed in, and urging him
to accept the bareboat charter rate that he himself had suggested in late May
2015 (“I am confused […] $120,000 per month [for the bareboat charter rate] is
proposed by you through Jeffrey in late May [2015]”). 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1437 – Email chain between Albert Ong, Low Chin Nam and Law
Choon Ming dated 30 July 2015 – 31 July 2015, AB 10215

They were certainly not promises to normalize operations or to resolve tank
top issues. In fact, Mr Ong, having written similarly worded emails in his
capacity as a managing director, conceded during cross-examination that he
would not have expected the kind of language used in the 31 July email to have
held any legal significance. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

NEs 15 August 2019, p 153 at line 1 to p 155 at line 13.

168 Even if the Representations contained promises about NOM’s future course
of action, they would have referred to the anticipated resumption of trading
on credit terms, not the resolution of tank-top problems at NOWM’s plant as
Prosper Marine suggests. This much is apparent from the context of the emails.
In the lead up to the sale of Prosper 9, the parties exchanged various emails
to work out the terms of this sale and eventual lease-back. In an email dated
30 July 2015, Mr Fung made clear that the purpose of these transactions was to
facilitate the resumption of trading on credit terms, which had been put on
hold by NOWM because of its suspended insurance coverage. He explained that
the use of the sale proceeds of Prosper 9 to offset the large AR balance would
allow NOWM to “lift the credit hold currently in place and start trading with
Prosper” 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1437 - – Email chain between Albert Ong, Low Chin Nam and
Law Choon Ming dated 30 July 2015 – 31 July 2015. AB pp 10215 to 10216.

, thereby restoring the parties’ long-standing commercial arrangements. With
this background in mind, the promises of “business as usual” and “grow[ing]
from strength to strength” in the 31 July 2015 email would only have referred
to an eventual return to trading on credit terms. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

Low Chin Nam’s AEIC at para 63.

169 If the Representations were made in relation to something unconnected with
what Prosper Marine says were its motivations for entering into the Deed and
Charterparty, it follows that the Representations did not induce or prompt
Prosper Marine to enter into the same. For the sake of completeness, I further
find that there is no evidence which suggests that these Representations were
made with the knowledge that they were false. While Prosper Marine points to
the fact that NOWM had been under pressure from its “Exco and Board” to reduce
Prosper Marine’s debts 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 257.

, it has not shown that this pressure led to the wilful or reckless making of
false representations.

170 For these reasons, Prosper Marine’s counterclaim in misrepresentation must
be dismissed. As I have found that there was no reliance by Prosper Marine on
the Representations, there is no basis for an alternative claim under s 2 of
the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed). Prosper Marine is
accordingly liable for outstanding charter hire fees due under the
Charterparty. This includes late payment interest of 1% per month 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1504 – Prosper 9 Deed, AB 10796 (see Box 24).

on the outstanding sum pursuant to cl 11(f) of the Charterparty. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1504 – Prosper 9 Deed, AB 10783.

Breaches of the Charterparty

171 This leaves NOM’s claim in respect of Prosper Marine’s breaches of the
Charterparty. These breaches concern Prosper Marine’s failure to: 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

HC/S 1048/2016 - Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 20.

(a) ensure that Prosper 9, her machinery, boilers, appurtenances and spare
parts were maintained in a good state of repair, in efficient operating
condition and in accordance with good commercial maintenance practice pursuant
to cl 10(a)(i) of the Charterparty;

(b) keep Prosper 9’s vessel classification fully up to date with Bureau
Veritas pursuant to cl 10(a)(i) of the Charterparty;

(c) man, victual, navigate, operate, supply, fuel and repair Prosper 9 during
the charter period pursuant to cl 10(b) of the Charterparty;

(d) re-deliver Prosper 9, her outfit, machinery and appliances in the same
good order and condition as received pursuant to cl 10(f) of the Charterparty;

(e) return Prosper 9’s outfit, machinery and appliances in the same good order
as received pursuant to cl 10(f) of the Charterparty;

(f) ensure that Prosper 9 was properly cleaned of all barnacles and other
marine growth pursuant to cl 38 of the Charterparty; and

(g) ensure that Prosper 9 was re-delivered to NOM with her hull and underwater
parts clean and free of any barnacles and/or other marine growth pursuant to
cl 38 of the Charterparty.

172 NOM avers that it has suffered loss and damage and incurred significant
expenses as a result of the foregoing breaches, namely: 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 688 to 690, 693, 696.

(a) $134,540.69 for repair and replacement costs before interest; 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 688 – 690.

(b) $8,800 for hull cleaning costs before interest; 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 693.

and

(c) $2,834 for incidental ferry expenses before interest. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 696.

173 NOM further submits that it was unable to charter or even use Prosper 9
until the issues with the vessel had been rectified. It therefore claims for
the loss of use/hire as well as Prosper 9’s operational expenses like bunker
fuel, harbour craft dues and ship management fees: 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 703, 716 to 717.

(a) $110,193.55 for loss of use/hire fees between 17 September and 14 October
2016; 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 717.

(b) between $896,000 and $1,344,000 for loss of hire fees between 15 October
2016 and 26 August 2018 inclusive; 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 716.

and

(c) $91,185.57 for operational expenses. 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 703

174 Prosper Marine’s first and primary defence is that NOM has not proven that
Prosper Marine is responsible for its loss, damages or expenses. In any case,
NOM is precluded from seeking relief for loss of use/hire of Prosper 9 because
(i) it has failed to mitigate this loss; and (ii) this claim actually overlaps
with the claim for operational expenses. Before dealing with these arguments,
it is first necessary for me to set out some relevant facts.

175 NOM’s pleaded repair and replacement costs, hull cleaning costs and
incidental ferry expenses were incurred to remedy various defects that were
first identified by OHC Shipmanagement Pte Ltd (“OHC”), who attended on-board
Prosper 9 on 16 September 2016 together with Captain Thana. OHC proceeded to
examine the hull, main deck and fittings, superstructure and accommodation
quarters, bridge and navigation equipment and machinery space and safety
equipment. 75 defects were observed, which were classed as either low, medium
or high priority. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 21; TB-9 at page 111.

OHC’s assessment of Prosper 9 was soon followed by several other inspections
(the “post-repossession surveys”), which were commissioned by NOM. For the
avoidance of doubt, NOM is also seeking to recover the costs of the post-
repossession surveys, which are listed below: 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 679.

(a) $5,800.60 for Bureau Veritas’ survey on 19 September 2016;

(b) $3,200 for Underwater Contractors’ inspection on 20 September 2016;

(c) $1,535 for Petrotech’s inspection on 4 October 2016.

(d) $108 for Intertek’s pour point and density tests and its report dated 6
October 2016; and

(e) $2,549.60 for Bureau Veritas’ survey on 14 October 2016.

176 The first Bureau Veritas (class condition) survey was conducted on 19
September 2016. Prosper Marine’s operations manager Mr Ng Choon Wah (“Mr Ng”),
was present for this inspection along with Captain Thana. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 at paras 14, 22; TB-3 at page 91.

By this time, Captain Thana had been appointed as the head of marine
operations at NOM and was in charge of ensuring Prosper 9 was shipshape.
Bureau Veritas issued its attestation on 21 September 2016 (the 19 September
Report) identifying 37 issues with Prosper 9 under three heads: class item
(immediate action), class item (recommendation) and non-class items. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2697 – Bureau Veritas Attestation of Inspection Carried Out
on 19 September 2016, AB 16498 - 16499.

The first category was made up of issues that offended MPA statutory
requirements and thus had to be rectified urgently. The second category of
issues pertained to damage affecting Prosper 9’s classification. As for the
third category, these comprised parts of Prosper 9 that were non-functional
upon inspection but did not affect her classification.

177 The next survey, an inspection of Prosper 9’s hull, was conducted on 20
September 2016. Underwater Contractors’ resulting report 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 - TB-12 at pp 132 to 198.

notes that while the underside of the ship was generally free of visible
damage, there was about 90% marine growth on the port and starboard vertical
sides made up of “acorn barnacle, tubeworm, algae, slime, mussels and other
soft marine vegetation growth.” There was similarly 100% marine growth on
Prosper 9’s flat bottom, 80-90% on her sea chest gratings and 90% on her
propeller.

178 On 4 October 2016, Captain Nigel J Snowden of Petrotech attended on-board
Prosper 9 to conduct an additional inspection to verify the damage that had
been reported. Petrotech’s report was issued the following day in which it
confirmed that there were “several major problems with equipment which are
important… [and] [s]ome of these [problems] are sufficiently serious that the
vessel operation is severely effected [sic] and may in fact prevent her from
trading until such time as they are addressed”. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2762 – Petrotech’s Inspection Report of MT ‘Prosper 9’, AB
16938.

Besides the issues identified by Bureau Veritas and OHC, Petrotech found four
further issues: (i) the layout of the forward anchor winshes was incorrect;
(ii) the limit switch bracket on the vessel’s steering gear was deformed;
(iii) the radar screen gave a completely indecipherable picture; and (iv) the
bridge wing had been distorted. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2762 – Petrotech’s Inspection Report of MT ‘Prosper 9’, AB
16951 – 16952.

179 It should also be noted that attached to Petrotech’s report is a condition
survey report of Prosper 9 by Encee Marine Consultants dated August 2015 (the
“Encee Report”). 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2762 – Petrotech’s Inspection Report of MT ‘Prosper 9’, AB
16984 – 16993.

The Encee Report details a survey that was carried out on 6 August 2015 for
“internal monitoring purposes”. Save for minor indentations that were noted on
Prosper 9’s hull, she was found to be in good condition. According to Captain
Thana, the Encee Report had significantly informed NOM’s decision to purchase
Prosper 9. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 at paras 29 to 30.

Prosper 9 was surveyed by Bureau Veritas for a second time on 14 October 2016.
Upon this inspection, Bureau Veritas certified that a number of the statutory
and class items in the 19 September Report had been dealt with. NOM was
therefore able to operate Prosper 9 from this date. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 – TB-17 at p 283.

180 In respect of solidified sludge that was found in Prosper 9’s cargo tanks,
namely tanks 1 to 4, NOM attempted to liquefy this material between 23 and 27
September 2016 using Prosper 9’s boiler and heating coils but to no avail. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 36.

In a bid to find solutions for this problem, NOM procured Intertek’s
assistance in identifying the respective pour points and densities of the
sludge in the various tanks. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 – TB-27 at p 512.

Eventually, hot oil from Cleanseas had to be blended with the sludge in order
to liquefy it for pumping. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 67.

The sludge in tanks 1, 3 and 4 was discharged at Cleanseas on 17 October 2016
while tank 2 was cleared between 11 and 13 November 2016.

Repair and replacement costs

181 With this background in mind, I turn to Prosper Marine’s first argument,
which is itself made up of three limbs. First, it is argued that NOM has
failed to show that the damage to Prosper 9 was the fault of Prosper Marine
because there is no accurate comparison between the state of the vessel at the
time it was chartered and at its repossession. The Encee Report (NOM’s primary
evidence of Prosper 9’s pre-charter condition) cannot be compared against the
post-repossession surveys because it is comparatively vague as to the details
of Prosper 9’s inspection. It is thus unclear what was the condition of the
items on-board Prosper 9 in August 2015. Captain Thana acknowledged that NOM
would not have known for a fact if certain items would already have been worn
out due to fair wear and tear. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

NEs, 13 August 2019, p 19 at lines 4 to 12.

The Encee Report also lacks an exhaustive list of the items on-board Prosper
9, making it difficult to determine whether the items missing from Prosper 9
upon repossession were present at the time it was chartered. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 269.

182 That said, I find that the Encee Report remains useful in ascertaining the
condition of Prosper 9 in August 2015. The report identifies minimal issues
with Prosper 9. On-board equipment was found to be operational and free of
defects and no mention was made of missing or worn out items. Prosper 9 had
been in good condition. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 803.

While not conclusive, this suggests the vessel had no significant damage
before the commencement of the Charterparty. This finding is corroborated by
Prosper 9’s Bureau Veritas class certificate at the time, which was free from
any conditions. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 29 lines 12 - 25.

However, by the time of the 19 September Report, Bureau Veritas had imposed
conditions for Prosper 9 to maintain her class certification. Quite obviously,
Prosper 9’s condition had deteriorated in the intervening period. The 19
September Report shows that this situation only worsened thereafter, with even
more issues, of which some required immediate attention, being identified upon
vessel repossession. Comparing these reports with the Encee Report, it is fair
to conclude that most of the damage and/or defects observed on Prosper 9 must
have been sustained during her charter period and are therefore attributable
to Prosper Marine.

183 Of course, as Captain Thana conceded, there remains the possibility that
certain pre-existing issues, such as missing items from Prosper 9, were
omitted from the Encee Report. However, it must be borne in mind that while
Prosper 9 itself only had to be returned in the same “structure, state,
condition and class” as received, 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11231 (see clause 15)

Prosper Marine was also under an obligation to maintain her in accordance with
good commercial practice 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11228.

and to keep her class fully up to date with Bureau Veritas: cl 10(a)(i) of the
Charterparty. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11228.

Thus, it would have been Prosper Marine’s responsibility to replace any
missing items on-board the vessel, especially if these items affected class
certification. Having failed to do so, I find that Prosper Marine is liable
for all the damage set out in the post-repossession surveys. I further find
that it should also pay for the costs of the post-repossession surveys as
these were necessary to establish the damage in question.

184 The second limb of Prosper Marine’s argument relates to the lack of a
joint inspection of Prosper 9 during its handover on 16 September 2016. The
first survey at which Prosper Marine’s representative was present was the
Bureau Veritas survey on 19 September 2016, three days later. Thus, Prosper
Marine was in no position to record the state and condition of Prosper 9 upon
repossession. Further, it was unable to assess whether the damage alleged by
NOM had in fact taken place or if the repairs subsequently conducted by NOM
were necessary.

185 NOM argues that it was not obliged under the Charterparty to carry out a
joint survey at the point of handover and, in any case, Mr Ng had attended the
Bureau Veritas survey just one working day after repossession. Prosper Marine
cannot suggest that it was not given an opportunity to ascertain the condition
of Prosper 9. NOM’s first point is a rebuttal of the evidence of Mr Ng, who
noted that Captain Thana “should [have been] aware that he had to conduct an
‘on and off hire’ survey to avoid any dispute … in the future”. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

Ng Choon Wah’s AEIC at para 31.

At first blush, this appears to be consistent with the wording of cl 7 of the
Charterparty. Under cl 7, the parties were obliged to “each appoint surveyors
for the purpose of determining and agreeing in writing the condition of
[Prosper 9] at the time of delivery and redelivery hereunder” (emphasis
added). 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11227

However, the wording of cl 15 of the Charterparty associates the term
“redelivery” with “the expiration of the Charter Period” (emphasis added), 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1560 – Prosper 9 Charterparty, AB 11231

rather than its premature termination. This suggests cl 7 was not intended to
apply to situations of vessel repossession. There was therefore no need for
the parties to conduct a joint survey of Prosper 9 on 16 September 2016.

186 In any case, Prosper Marine was still given the chance to assess the state
of Prosper 9 because both the parties’ representatives attended a joint survey
of the vessel three days after. I do not regard this negligible delay as
having caused Prosper Marine prejudice. Prosper Marine’s position is that it
is “very likely” that the defects identified by Bureau Veritas only occurred
during the weekend between repossession and the condition survey. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

Ns, 29 August 2019, p 173 at line 14 to p 174 at line 13; Ng Choon Wah’s AEIC
at para 40.

Mr Ng, Prosper Marine’s sole witness on this issue, speculated that Prosper 9
could have suffered wear and tear during this period, which was later wrongly
classified as damage. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

See for eg, NEs, 29 August 2019, p 153 at line 12 to p 154 at line 19.

In my judgment, it is quite implausible that Prosper 9 could have suffered the
damage as reflected in the post-repossession surveys during this duration,
where it had remained in port at all times. It is far more likely that the
damage was sustained in the vessel’s preceding months of use by Prosper
Marine.

187 The third limb of Prosper Marine’s argument is that even if it is liable
for the expenses incurred to repair Prosper 9, the quotations for these
repairs are neither fair nor reasonable. Under cl 10(f) of the Charterparty,
Prosper Marine was to return Prosper 9 in the “same good order and condition
as received, ordinary wear and tear accepted” [emphasis added]. However in
conducting repairs, NOM took the opportunity to restore/refurbish Prosper 9
completely and is now unfairly charging those fees to Prosper Marine; it has
failed to mitigate its costs. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

Prosper Marine’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 181.

This problem is compounded by the fact that some of NOM’s claimed invoices are
for repairs conducted more than one year after Prosper 9’s repossession and so
may not even relate to damage attributable to Prosper Marine. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 274.

188 Preliminarily, I find that Prosper Marine is foreclosed from advancing the
argument of NOM having failed to mitigate its costs because it has not been
pleaded. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

HC/S 1048/2016 - Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 25.

In any event, I accept Captain Thana’s evidence that NOM obtained “three or
four” quotations from potential vendors and negotiated repair prices before
choosing the “cheapest and [most] reliable contractors”. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 30 at line 17 to p 31 at line 3; See for eg, Agreed
Bundle S/N 2900 – Email Chain discussing best vendor to award contract to, AB
19217 to 19218.

NOM did not intentionally inflate its costs. It is also not open to Prosper
Marine to suggest that these costs are outside the scope of its
responsibility. In making this point, Prosper Marine relies on an invoice that
was issued for the calibration and certification of Prosper 9’s equipment on
or about 2 March 2018, more than a year after Prosper 9’s repossession. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 2900 – Invoice from OHC Shipment dated 9 April 2018, AB
19207 to 19209.

Yet, this was actually listed as an item for action under the BV Attestation.
Thus, while several of NOM’s invoices are dated quite sometime after
repossession, they concern damage sustained before 16 September 2016. I
accordingly find that Prosper Marine should be liable for the full set of
NOM’s repair expenses.

Lost use fees and operational costs

189 As I have mentioned above, there are two other types of expenses being
claimed by NOM. These are lost use/hire fees and Prosper 9’s operational
costs. I pause to elaborate on these expenses in greater detail. The parties
agreed that Prosper 9 would be chartered to Prosper Marine for a duration of
36 months, ie, until 26 August 2018. Having failed to make timely payment of
its charter fees, Prosper Marine breached the Charterparty and NOM was
entitled to terminate the same. The claim for loss of use/hire is a claim for
damages in substitution of Prosper Marine’s primary obligations. NOM
subdivides this claim into two time periods. The first is for fees lost for
the period between 17 September and 14 October 2016 where Prosper 9 could not
be used pending the satisfaction of conditions in the BV Attestation. NOM
accordingly seeks the full sum of charter hire that Prosper Marine would have
paid for this period. The second time period is from 15 October 2016 to 26
August 2018. NOM’s claim here considers what it could have earned had it re-
chartered Prosper 9.

190 As for NOM’s claim for operational expenses, this concerns the amount that
NOM had to pay out of pocket for Prosper 9’s running expenses, especially for
the period between 17 September and 14 October 2016 where she was completely
unusable. Beyond this, NOM also had to pay for MPA harbour craft charges,
which should have otherwise been borne by Prosper Marine under cl 10(b) of the
Charterparty. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at paras 697 to 698, 700.

191 In my judgment, NOM has clearly proven its damage in respect of these two
categories of expenses because they directly arise out of Prosper Marine’s
repudiatory breach of the Charterparty.

192 Staying with the claim for loss of use/hire, Prosper Marine contends that
NOM is, in any case, foreclosed from pursuing this claim for the period
between 16 October 2016 and 26 August 2018 because it has not provided any
evidence of the steps taken to mitigate its loss (citing The “Asia Star”
[2010] 2 SLR 1154 (“Asia Star”) at [24]). Besides the fact that NOM allowed
Prosper 9 to be used by NOWM during this period for its own slop collection,
357

##### Foot Note 357

×

NEs, 13 August 2019, pp 33 to 35.

there was seemingly no effort made to charter Prosper 9 out to third parties
for a reasonable fee. As against this, NOM avers that Prosper Marine’s
reliance on the dicta in Asia Star is misconstrued and it is entitled to
recover at least part of its lost hire fees.

193 I am minded to agree. The law relating to mitigation is well settled. As
summarised by the Court of Appeal in Asia Star at [24]:

[an] aggrieved party must take all reasonable steps to mitigate the loss
consequent on the defaulting party’s breach, and cannot recover damages for
any loss which it could have avoided but failed to avoid due to its own
unreasonable action or inaction…

However, this does not mean that where there is a failure to mitigate, a
plaintiff should be altogether denied from obtaining relief. It is simply
disentitled “from claiming that part of its loss which, in the court’s view,
could have been avoided if reasonable mitigation measures had been taken”
[emphasis added] (Asia Star at [23]). In the same vein, NOM remains entitled
to seek relief against Prosper Marine for loss of hire fees, to the extent
that this loss was not of its own making.

194 Indeed, this is precisely what NOM is doing. Its claim for lost hire fees
for 15 October 2016 to 26 August 2018, quantified at $896,000 to $1,344,000,
excludes the amount that NOM could have earned had Prosper 9 been chartered
out for a reasonable charter fee. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

NOWM’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 345.

In quantifying this fee, NOM relies on the evidence of Captain Thana, who
determined from his consultation of a market source that the prevailing
monthly charter rate in 2016 for tankers of Prosper 9’s tonnage was between
$60,000 and $80,000. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

Thanabalasingam’s AEIC Vol. 1 at para 135.

Prosper Marine rejects this quantification on the basis that Captain Thana has
failed to disclose his “market source”. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

Prosper Marine’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 13 April 2020 at para 185.

Addressing this point in cross-examination, Captain Thana explained that he
had spoken to a broker who did not wish to be identified. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

NEs 13 August 2019, p 41 at lines 1 to 13.

195 Having been a candid and forthcoming witness, I see no reason to doubt the
veracity of Captain Thana’s evidence on the applicable rates for charter hire.
This is especially since Prosper Marine, in spite of its issues with these
figures, has failed to put forward alternative rates for consideration. I
accordingly accept that NOM could have chartered Proper 9 at $60,000 to
$80,000 per month and this quantum should be set off against NOM’s overall
loss for charter hire. For the purpose of quantifying NOM’s recoverable loss,
I adopt the high end of this range of $80,000, in Prosper Marine’s favour.
Prosper Marine is therefore liable to pay NOM $896,000 in lost hire fees for
the period between 15 October 2016 and 26 August 2018.

196 For the sake of completeness, Prosper Marine’s submissions also assert,
without any elaboration, that NOM’s claim for its loss of use for 17 September
to 16 October 2016 overlaps with its claim for operational costs and is
therefore an attempt at double recovery. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

Prosper Marine’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020 at para 264(2).

I disagree. NOM’s claims concern two distinct types of loss. The first was its
inability to generate revenue from Prosper 9 after the termination of the
Charterparty whilst the second was its absorption of operational costs that
would otherwise have been borne by Prosper Marine. NOM is therefore entitled
to loss of use fees for the abovementioned duration.

Costs

197 I award costs to NOWM on an indemnity basis. However, I found certain
items in their costs schedule to be unreasonable. As such, I order that those
be either removed, resolved by agreement or taxed. I detail my decision on
costs below:

Basis of Costs

198 The general rule is that costs are awarded on an indemnity basis only in
exceptional circumstances: Tan Chin Yew Joseph v Saxo Capital Markets Pte Ltd
[2013] SGHC 274. That said, the position differs when there is a contractual
agreement on costs. In such situations, the question turns to whether the
party seeking indemnity costs relies on the court’s statutory discretion to
award costs (e.g. Abani Trading Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas [2014] 3 SLR 909) or
directly sues on the basis of its contractual entitlement (e.g. Mansfield v
Robinson [1928] 2 KB 353, cited and adopted in United Overseas Bank Ltd v Sin
Leong Ironbed & Furtniture Manufacturing Co (Pte) Ltd [1988] 1 SLR(R) 76 at
[16] (“UOB v Sin Leong”)). If the court’s discretion is relied on, the
contractual arrangement between the parties would be a relevant factor in the
court’s exercise of its discretion. The court will tend to exercise such
discretion to uphold the contractual bargain entered into by both parties
unless it would be manifestly unjust to do so: Telemedia Pacific Group Ltd v
Credit Agricole (Suisse) SA (Yeh Mao-Yuan, third party) [2015] 4 SLR 1019 at
[29] (“Telemedia”). If a party relies on its contractual entitlement, such an
agreement will generally be upheld: UOB v Sin Leong at [16]. Indeed, it has
been said that such an agreement would oust the statutory discretion of a
tribunal in awarding costs: UOB v Sin Leong at [16].

199 I do not think that the rule need go so far as to say that contractual
agreements on costs oust the court’s discretion for the same. Costs are
ultimately in the discretion of the courts, after all: O 59 r 2(2), Rules of
Court. Indeed, that dicta in UOB v Sin Leong was really a reference to
Mansfield v Robinson [1928] 2 KB 353, which in turn concerned an arbitration.
If the parties in an arbitration had specifically delineated how costs would
be fixed, that was a party-led prerogative which had its own unique
significance in the arbitration setting. In any case, nothing turned on this
specific point of law (i.e. whether contractual agreements on costs ousted the
court’s discretion in awarding costs).

200 Here, NOWM had both contractual entitlements to indemnity costs and
pleaded them specifically, at least in relation to the 2014 Contract Suits.
Its contractual entitlements were found in (i) cl 11 of the Standard Terms for
Services, (ii) cl 13.1 of the Standard Terms for Sales, (iii) cl 2(a) of the
Directors’ Guarantee and (iv) s 12.1(a) of the Deed. I reproduce them here for
convenience.

201 Clause 11 of the Standard Terms for Services reads:

The Customer shall indemnify the Contractor against any claims, losses, costs
(including costs as between Solicitor and Client), damages, liabilities,
dines, penalties and expenses incurred or sustained arising out of or in
connection with this Contract except to the extent that such claims, losses,
costs, damages, liabilities and expenses arise as a direct result of the
wilful act or wilful default of the Contractor.

202 Clause 13.1 of the Standard Terms for Sales reads: 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

Jeffrey Fung’s AEIC Vol. 3 – JF-25 at p 1544 (helpfully reproduced in Annex 2
of NOWM’s Closing Submissions dated 20 March 2020).

The Buyer will indemnify the Seller against any claims, losses, costs
(including costs as between Solicitor and Client), damages, liabilities,
fines, penalties and expenses incurred or sustained arising out of or in
connection with this Contract except to the extent that such claims, losses,
costs, damages, liabilities and expenses arise through the gross negligence of
the Seller.

203 Clause 2(a) of the Directors’ Guarantee provides that: 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1754 – Director’s Guarantee & Indemnity, AB pp 12132.

2\. The [Prosper Directors] FURTHER UNDERTAKE AND AGREE to pay to [NOWM]:-

(a) all legal and other costs, charges and expenses (on a full indemnity
basis) incurred by [NOWM] in the preservation and enforcement of its rights
under this Guarantee and under any security giver therefor (including but not
limited to costs and expenses incurred by [NOWM] in engaging solicitors in
issuing letters of demand and the like)

204 Section 12.1(a) of the Deed states: 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

Agreed Bundle S/N 1504 – Prosper 9 Deed, AB 10789

12\. Seller’s Indemnities

12.1 Without prejudice and in addition to any other indemnity given or made by
the Seller (whether under this Deed and/or the Bareboat Charter or otherwise),
the Seller hereby undertakes to indemnify the Purchaser and its nominee and
keep the Purchaser and its nominee fully indemnified against any and all
claims, liabilities, expenses, costs, losses and/or damages of any nature
whatsoever (including but not limited to consequential losses, loss of profit,
loss of use and legal costs on a full indemnity basis) and howsoever arising
from, which the Purchaser and/or its nominee may suffer as a result of and/or
in connection with: -

(a) any breach of any of the terms, conditions, covenants, undertakings or
other provisions of this Deed and/or the Bareboat Charter by the Seller
(including but not limited to legal costs on a full indemnity basis and other
costs and disbursement incurred in connection with demanding and enforcing or
attempting to enforce payment of any and all moneys owing by the Seller or
otherwise howsoever in enforcing or attempting to enforce this Deed and/or the
Bareboat Charter and/or any of the covenants undertakings stipulations terms
conditions or provisions of this Deed and/or the Bareboat Charter);

(b) any and all claims and/or actions incurred in respect of the Vessel after
delivery of the Vessel to the Seller pursuant to the Bareboat Charter

205 NOWM specifically pleaded and relied on its contractual entitlement when
seeking indemnity costs for the 2014 Contract Suits. Prayer (e) of the
Consolidated Statement of Claim specifically relied on cl 11 of the Standard
Terms of Provision of Service and cl 13.1 of the Standard Terms and Conditions
of Sale in seeking indemnity costs. Applying UOB v Sin Leong, I find that
indemnity costs, as stipulated by the parties’ agreement, is appropriate here.
I find no reason to invoke my discretion and deviate from the bargain struck
between two commercial parties dealing at arm’s length.

206 In relation to the Charterparty Suit, and the Directors’ Guarantee Suit,
prayers (h) and (iii) of the respective statements of claim simply claimed for
costs on an indemnity basis. In the absence of any reference to their
contractual entitlements, NOWM therefore must be taken to be relying on my
discretion to award costs.

207 As stated earlier, the court will tend to exercise such discretion to
uphold the contractual bargain entered into by both parties unless it would be
manifestly unjust to do so: Telemedia at [29]. The question, therefore, is
whether there is anything manifestly unjust in the circumstances. Nothing
suggests that to be the case. Prosper Marine argued that NOM had raised
“plainly unsustainable, unmeritorious or unreasonable issues” which were
“wholly unrealistic or exaggerated”. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Prosper Marine’s Submissions on Costs dated 23 March 2020 at para 18

I rejected this entirely. Such contentions were simply recycled arguments
related the dispute itself. Prosper Marine simply repeated its questions about
the veracity of NOM’s figures in its Consolidated Statement of Claim 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

Prosper Marine’s Submissions on Costs dated 23 March 2020 at para 17.1

(something I dealt with above at [97] – [98]), re-asserted the existence of
the Allocation Agreement 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

Prosper Marine’s Submissions on Costs dated 23 March 2020 at para 17.2

(again, something I rejected at [99]-[112] above) and blandly stated that the
sums claimed in the Charterparty Suit were grossly exaggerated. 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

Prosper Marine’s Submissions on Costs dated 23 March 2020 at para 20

The Directors’ Guarantee Suit was simply not addressed at all. 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

Prosper Marine’s Submissions on Costs dated 23 March 2020 at paras 15 – 20

In these circumstances, there is no evidence that an award of indemnity costs
would be manifestly unfair.

208 As such, I found it appropriate to award indemnity costs to NOWM for all
three suits.

Reasonableness of certain items listed in NOWM’s costs schedule

209 That said, I do not allow three items listed in NOWM’s costs schedule.
First, with regard to SUM 540 of 2018, 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

NOWM’s Costs Schedule dated 20 March 2020, p 12 under “Completed Interlocutory
Applications with Costs Contingent on Outcome of Proceedings” (“NOWM’s Costs
Schedule – Completed Interlocutory with Costs Contingent”)

I note that the learned AR had directed that there be no order as to costs. I
am not inclined to deviate from that direction. Second, I noted that SUM 1455
of 2019, 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

NOWM’s Costs Schedule dated 20 March 2020 – Completed Interlocutory with Costs
Contingent, p 12

was a simple pre-trial conference seeking directions. I rejected the sum
quoted in NOWM’s costs schedule (S$10,000) which would have been exorbitant
and disproportionate to the nature of the hearing. Finally, I noted that NOWM
had already been awarded costs in SUM 430 of 2019, 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

NOWM’s Costs Schedule dated 20 March 2020, p 13

SUM 596 of 2019, 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

NOWM’s Costs Schedule dated 20 March 2020, p 13 – 14

SUM 2648 of 2019, 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

NOWM’s Costs Schedule dated 20 March 2020, p 14

and RA 75 of 2019. 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

NOWM’s Costs Schedule dated 20 March 2020, p 14 – 15

The costs awarded in those applications were inclusive of disbursements.
Therefore, further costs for these disbursements should not be awarded,
contrary to what the costs schedule seems to suggest.

Conclusion

210 As such, I allowed NOWM’s claim in all three suits and dismissed Prosper
Marine’s counterclaims in the 2014 Suits and the Charterparty Suit.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Cavinder Bull SC, Woo Shu Yan, Jonathan Yap, Wesley Chan and Daryl Ho (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Low Chai Chong, Chua Hua Yi, Ng Sook Zhen and Sean Chen (Dentons Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

