Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 209

Originating Summons No 980 of 2019 (Summons No 4116 of 2019)

Between

| Vitol Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Machlogic Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDs OF DECISION

[Arbitration] — [Award] — [Recourse against award]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Vitol Asia Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Machlogic Singapore Pte Ltd

[2020] SGHC 209

High Court — Originating Summons No 980 of 2019 (Summons No 4116 of 2019)  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
13 January 2020

22 October 2020

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The applicant and the respondent were parties to a documents-only
arbitration seated in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Chong Li Tang’s affidavit (01.08.2019) (“Chong’s Affidavit”) at pp 26 to 35.

The arbitration concluded with an award entirely in the applicant’s favour in
February 2019. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Chong’s Affidavit at pp 26 to 35.

The applicant secured leave ex parte in August 2019 to enforce the award as a
judgment of the High Court under s 19 of the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

HC/ORC 5177/2019.

The respondent now applies to set aside the applicant’s leave to enforce the
award. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See HC/SUM 4116/2019.

2 Chapter VIII of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration (“the Model Law”) deals with recognising and enforcing awards. Art
36 of the Model Law, found in Chapter VIII, prescribes the grounds on which a
court may refuse to recognise or enforce an award. Unlike the remainder of the
Model Law, Chapter VIII is not given the force of law in Singapore by s 3(1)
of the Act. It is common ground, however, that an application to resist
enforcement of an award under s 19 can succeed only on one of the grounds
prescribed in Art 36 (PT First Media TBK (formerly known as PT Broadband
Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara International BV and others and another
appeal [2014] 1 SLR 372 at [84]). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Applicant’s Submissions (08.01.2020) (“Applicant’s Submissions”) at para 9;
Respondent’s Submissions (09.01.2020) (“Respondent’s Submissions”) at para 4.

I therefore proceed in these grounds as though Art 36 of the Model Law applied
directly to the application before me.

3 The respondent resists enforcement of the award on three of the grounds
prescribed in Art 36 of the Model Law: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Respondent’s Submissions at paras 6, 11 and 23.

(a) The arbitration agreement on which the applicant relies is not in truth an
arbitration agreement within the meaning of s 2A(1) of the Act. In the
alternative, the arbitration agreement is vitiated by corruption and fraud in
which the applicant was complicit. The arbitration agreement is therefore “not
valid” under Singapore law within the meaning of Art 36(1)(a)(i).

(b) The contract between the parties was procured by fraud and corruption in
which the applicant was complicit. The respondent therefore required a hearing
to present and test viva voce critical evidence going to the issue of fraud
and corruption. The arbitrator’s decision to proceed documents-only deprived
the respondent of that opportunity. The respondent was therefore unable to
present its case in the arbitration within the meaning of Art 36(1)(a)(ii).

(c) Because the parties’ contract was procured by fraud and corruption,
enforcing the award is contrary to the public policy of Singapore within the
meaning of Art 36(1)(b)(ii).

4 Having considered the parties’ submissions and evidence, I have dismissed
the respondent’s application. In brief, I have found as follows. First, s
2A(6) of the Act operated on the facts of this case to deem there to be an
effective arbitration agreement between the parties. It therefore does not
matter whether the parties’ contract contains an arbitration agreement within
the meaning of s 2A(1) of the Act and whether the parties’ contract was
procured by fraud or corruption. Second, the arbitrator’s decision to proceed
documents-only did not leave the respondent unable to present its case in the
arbitration. In any event, proceeding documents-only caused no prejudice to
the respondent. Finally, even assuming that the parties’ contract was procured
by fraud and corruption, there is nothing contrary to public policy in the
arbitration or the award. And the respondent was aware of the fraud and
corruption during the arbitration but deliberately declined to raise the issue
for the arbitrator to determine. The respondent therefore cannot resist
enforcement of the award on the public policy ground.

5 The respondent has appealed against my decision. I now set out the grounds
for my decision.

Background facts

The contract

6 The applicant is a trader in a number of oil products, including gas oil. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 5.

The dispute between the parties arose out of a contract under which, as the
arbitrator found, the respondent agreed in late December 2017 to sell a
substantial cargo of gas oil to the applicant.

7 Taufik Othman (“Mr Taufik”) is a broker who introduced business to the
applicant from time to time. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mohammad Taufik Othman’s Affidavit (12.11.2019) (“Mr Taufik’s Affidavit”) at
para 1; David Poon’s Affidavit (26.09.2019) (“Mr Poon’s Affidavit”) at p 7.

In December 2017, Mr Taufik was approached by one Saiful Alam (“Mr Saiful”)
via a mutual acquaintance, one Jimmy Ong (“Mr Ong”). Mr Saiful described
himself as the respondent’s “Field Sales Manager”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Poon’s Affidavit at p 8.

Mr Saiful told Mr Taufik that the respondent was interested in supplying a
substantial cargo of gas oil to the applicant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Taufik’s Affidavit at paras 6 to 11.

Mr Taufik duly put Mr Saiful in touch directly with the applicant. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Taufik’s Affidavit at paras 7 to 9.

Mr Saiful thanked Mr Taufik by email, copying the email to the respondent’s
director, one Choo Foong Yee (also known as Ms Chanel Choo) (“Ms Choo”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Poon’s Affidavit at p 7.

8 Mr Saiful followed up with a formal written offer to sell a substantial
cargo of gas oil to the applicant. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Poon’s Affidavit at pp 9 to 10.

The offer was set out on the respondent’s letterhead and addressed directly to
the applicant. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Choo Foong Yee’s Affidavit (19.08.2019) (“Ms Choo’s Affidavit”) at para 14.

It was signed by Mr Saiful, bore the defendant’s rubber stamp and described Mr
Saiful as the respondent’s “Field Sales Manager”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Poon’s Affidavit at p 10.

9 As part of the applicant’s routine “know your customer” due diligence, the
applicant asked Mr Saiful for additional information about the respondent. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Poon’s Affidavit at para 8.

Mr Saiful emailed the information to the applicant, copying Ms Choo on his
email. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Poon’s Affidavit at p 15.

10 The parties differ in their account of subsequent events. The applicant’s
account is as follows. The applicant accepted the respondent’s offer in late
December 2017. The parties then entered into a contract under which the
respondent was obliged to deliver the cargo of gas oil to the applicant. Mr
Saiful executed the contract as the respondent’s employee and with the
respondent’s actual or ostensible authority. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 29, 45 and 54.

The contract was therefore valid and binding on the respondent. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s Submissions at p 20.

11 The arbitrator accepted the applicant’s account in its entirety in her
award.

12 The respondent’s account is as follows. Mr Saiful was not an employee of
the respondent and had no authority to enter into the purported contract with
the applicant on the respondent’s behalf. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at paras 7 and 22.

Mr Saiful in fact conspired with the applicant to defraud the respondent 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at paras 11, 34 and 37.

by purporting to bind it to a contract which he procured for his own personal
benefit by offering corrupt gratifications to Mr Taufik and Mr Ong. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at paras 12 and 15.

13 Two clauses in the contract are relevant for present purposes: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Stephen Peter Martin’s Affidavit (27.09.2019) (“Mr Martin’s Affidavit”) at pp
28 and 30.

(a) A performance deposit clause which required the respondent to pay the
applicant US$297,000 at the very outset as a guarantee of supply;

(b) The final clause of the contract:

Law and Arbitration

Singapore law shall be applied.

14 The applicant asserted in the arbitration and asserts on this application
that the final clause of the contract is an arbitration agreement within the
meaning of s 2A(1) of the Act. The respondent did not deny this assertion at
any time in the course of the arbitration. But the respondent denies the
applicant’s assertion now, in order to resist enforcement of the award. The
respondent’s case on this application is that the award is unenforceable under
Art 36(1)(a)(i) of the Model Law on the ground that there is no valid
arbitration agreement between the parties.

The dispute

15 The respondent failed to comply with the performance deposit clause. It
also failed to deliver any gas oil to the applicant. This failure was despite
several reminders which the applicant sent to Mr Saiful reminding him to
comply with both obligations. Ms Choo was copied on some of this
correspondence. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 31 to 33, 36 and 38 to 39.

16 The applicant took the position that the respondent’s failures amounted to
repudiatory breaches of the contract. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 132.

In May 2018, the applicant served notice on the respondent accepting the
repudiatory breaches and terminating the contract with immediate effect. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 132.

17 Ms Choo received the notice of termination. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 6.

But she did not respond to it. Her evidence is as follows. The notice of
termination was the first time she knew anything about any purported contract
between the respondent and the applicant. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 6.

She investigated internally. She discovered that all of the emails between the
applicant and Mr Saiful about the contract which had been copied to her had
gone into her junk mail folder. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 6.

She retrieved these emails from her junk mail folder. She also retrieved
emails from Mr Saiful’s email account. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 10.

As a result, she read the full email chain for the first time. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 13.

She pieced together Mr Saiful’s conspiracy with the applicant to defraud the
respondent. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at paras 10 and 13 to 21.

She confronted Mr Saiful with the applicant’s notice of termination and
interrogated him about the contract. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 12.

But Mr Saiful disappeared in June 2018 without offering any explanation at
all. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 12.

18 It is probably at this point that the applicant engaged Kennedys Legal
Solutions (“Kennedys”). Kennedys are the firm of solicitors who have acted for
the applicant throughout this dispute, including in this application.

19 In mid-July 2018, Kennedys sent a letter before action to the respondent.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 9, pp 46 to 47 and 154.

The letter claimed that the applicant was entitled to recover damages
quantified at about US$279,000 from the respondent for the losses which the
applicant had suffered as a result of the respondent’s repudiatory breaches of
the contract. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 9, pp 46 to 47 and 154.

The letter demanded that the respondent pay the US$279,000 within 14 days. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 9, pp 46 to 47 and 154.

20 Up until this point, Ms Choo had not communicated with the applicant. Ms
Choo now replied to the applicant. Her reply denied any liability to the
applicant and refused to make payment. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 48.

21 The parties met in an attempt to resolve the matter amicably. The attempt
failed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ms Choo’s affidavit at para 22.

The arbitration

22 In July 2018, the applicant served a notice of arbitration on the
respondent. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 51.

The notice of arbitration asserted that the parties’ contract provides for
disputes be submitted to arbitration. Although the notice of arbitration did
not cite a specific clause in the contract as the arbitration agreement, it is
common ground that the applicant relied on the final clause in the contract
(see [13(b)] above) as the parties’ arbitration agreement.

23 Ms Choo accepts that she received the notice of arbitration. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 22.

The applicant and Ms Choo exchanged two further emails. In both emails, Ms
Choo denied that the respondent was bound by any contract with the applicant.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 12.

24 The respondent did not appoint solicitors to advise it or represent it in
the arbitration. The respondent also did not cooperate in appointing an
arbitrator.

25 In August 2018, the applicant applied to the President of the Court of
Arbitration of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) under s
8(2) of the Act read with Article 11(4)(a) of the Model Law to appoint a sole
arbitrator. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 15, p 81.

The applicant proposed three names to the SIAC for appointment. Ms Choo
responded to this letter. She again denied that the respondent was bound by
any contract with the applicant. She did not comment on the three names which
the applicant had proposed. She also did not counterpropose any names on
behalf of the respondent. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 16, pp 85 to 87.

26 The President of the Court of Arbitration of the SIAC appointed the sole
arbitrator in September 2018. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 19, p 92.

The tribunal was thereby constituted.

27 It is important at this point to note that the arbitration was an ad hoc
arbitration. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 95 to 96.

It was neither administered by the SIAC nor was it subject to the SIAC Rules.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 50 to 51 and 68 to 70.

The only role which the SIAC played in the arbitration was that the President
of its Court of Arbitration appointed the sole arbitrator under s 8(2) of the
Act read with Article 11(4)(a) of the Model Law.

28 Between October and December 2018, the parties exchanged pleadings and
documentary evidence. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 24.

In January 2019, after the deadline she had set for the parties to submit
evidence had expired, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 174.

the arbitrator decided to proceed documents-only. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 169.

29 A documents-only arbitration is one which in which the arbitrator receives
the parties’ evidence and submissions solely in documentary form and not viva
voce. As a result, there is no scope in a documents-only arbitration to lead
oral evidence in chief, to cross-examine opposing witnesses or to present oral
submissions. In all other respects, a documents-only arbitration proceeds like
any other arbitration.

30 It is the respondent’s case on this application that Ms Choo did not
understand the significance of the arbitrator’s decision to proceed documents-
only. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit, paras 28 and 31.

As a result of the decision, the respondent submits, it was unable to present
its case in the arbitration within the meaning of Art 36(1)(a)(ii) of the
Model Law.

31 In February 2019, the arbitrator issued her final award. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 177 and 187.

She held that there was a indeed a valid and binding contract between the
parties. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 181 to 182 (see [15]–[16] of the award).

She also found that the respondent had adduced no evidence that Mr Saiful
lacked authority to bind the respondent. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 183 (see [22] of the award).

She thus accepted that the respondent was in repudiatory breach of the
contract. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 183 (see [23] of the award).

She awarded the applicant its claim in full: just over US$279,000 in damages
plus costs. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 186 (see [38] of the award).

The respondent’s additional evidence

32 Before I address the respondent’s grounds for resisting enforcement of the
award, I must address an evidential objection taken by the applicant to the
respondent’s attempt to adduce certain evidence on this application.

33 Mr Saiful’s evidence is obviously critical to establishing the respondent’s
case that he conspired with the applicant to defraud the respondent 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at paras 11, 34 and 37.

by procuring the contract for his own personal benefit by offering corrupt
gratifications. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at paras 12 and 15.

Ms Choo’s evidence is that she lost all contact with Mr Saiful from June 2018,
shortly after she confronted him about the contract in May 2018 (see [16]–[17]
above) and was unable to re-establish contact with him again until July 2019,
when she tracked him down through an intermediary. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 37.

As a result, she was unable to secure and present Mr Saiful’s evidence in the
arbitration but has been able to secure and present his evidence for this
application. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 37; Notes of Argument (13.01.2020) (“NOA”) at p 9,
lines 4 to 5 and p 15, line 14.

34 In support of this application, the respondent now adduces the following
three items of evidence: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 11.

(a) Screenshots of an undated WeChat conversation between Mr Saiful and Ms
Choo. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at pp 123 to 125.

(b) A police report which Ms Choo filed in July 2019 about the applicant’s
“commercial tactics” against the respondent. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at p 127.

(c) An affidavit affirmed by Mr Saiful and filed by the respondent in support
of this application.

These three items of evidence are all additional evidence in the sense that
they were, for whatever reason, not adduced in the arbitration.

35 The WeChat conversation and Mr Saiful’s affidavit are particularly critical
for the respondent’s case. The two documents taken together contain admissions
by Mr Saiful of four critical facts. First, he admits that he negotiated and
executed the contract without the respondent’s knowledge or authority. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Saiful Alam Bin Abdul Samad’s Affidavit (23.10.2019) (“Mr Saiful’s Affidavit”)
at para 9.

Second, he admits that he used the respondent as a vehicle through which to
sell the cargo of gas oil purely for his own personal benefit. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Mr Saiful’s Affidavit at paras 5 to 8.

Third, he admits that he procured the contract by colluding with the applicant
and by offering corrupt gratifications to Mr Taufik and Mr Ong. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Mr Saiful’s Affidavit at para 5; Ms Choo’s Affidavit at p 123.

Finally, he admits that he did all of this without Ms Choo’s knowledge. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mr Saiful’s Affidavit at paras 4, 6 and 8.

36 It is the respondent’s case that the fraud and corruption in the formation
of the contract makes enforcing the award contrary to the public policy of
Singapore within the meaning of Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law.

37 The applicant submits that the respondent is precluded from adducing the
additional evidence on this application because it does not satisfy the test
for admitting fresh evidence on appeal laid down in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 3
All ER 745. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 20.

The applicant relies for this submission on the decision of Edmund Leow JC in
Government of the Lao People's Democratic Republic v Sanum Investments Ltd
[2015] 2 SLR 322 (“Sanum”) at [43]–[44]).

38 In Sanum, Leow JC applied the Ladd v Marshall test – albeit modified by
attenuating its first condition – to determine whether to receive additional
evidence on an application to the High Court to determine a tribunal’s
jurisdiction under s 10(3) of the Act. The evidence in question had not been
placed before the tribunal when it determined the issue of jurisdiction for
itself. Leow JC’s decision to apply a modified Ladd v Marshall test was left
undisturbed on appeal to the Court of Appeal (Sanum Investments Ltd v
Government of the Lao People's Democratic Republic [2016] 5 SLR 536 at [17]
and [28]). The applicant therefore urges me to apply a modified version of the
Ladd v Marshall test to the respondent’s attempt to adduce the additional
evidence. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 17 and 20.

39 An authority to the opposite effect of Sanum is the decision of Judith
Prakash J (as she then was) in AQZ v ARA [2015] 2 SLR 972 at [59]. That is
also a decision on an application under s 10(3) of the Act. As Prakash J held:

There is nothing … which restricts parties from adducing new material that was
not before the arbitrator. Parties can adduce new evidence in the affidavits
they file in the originating summons and if there is a need, the court may
order the deponents to appear and be cross-examined on the new evidence.

40 I do not need to address the applicant’s evidential objection directly. For
the reasons which I set out in the remainder of these grounds, even if I were
to receive and consider all of this additional evidence and even if I were to
assume all of it to be true, I would still hold the award to be enforceable.

41 If I had to address this objection directly, however, I would accept that
my discretion to receive the additional evidence is unconstrained by the Ladd
v Marshall test. I do not consider that the Ladd v Marshall test – even by
analogy and even in modified form – ought to constrain the court’s discretion
to receive or reject evidence on an application to resist enforcement of an
award under s 19 of the Act. I say that for two reasons.

42 First, the Ladd v Marshall test upholds the procedural interest in imposing
a degree of finality in the parties’ opportunity to obtain and produce
evidence in dispute-resolution proceedings. But that interest is engaged only
when a party makes a second attempt to adduce evidence on the same issue as
against the same party. For example, that interest is engaged when a court is
asked to determine the issue of a tribunal’s jurisdiction under s 10(3) of the
Act. Sanum was such an application. The applicant in Sanum had had an
opportunity to obtain and produce evidence on the issue of jurisdiction when
the tribunal determined the issue. That is no doubt why Leow JC felt it
appropriate to apply a modified Ladd v Marshall test to the applicant’s
attempt to adduce further evidence before him. That is also no doubt why the
Court of Appeal left his approach undisturbed on appeal. Even then, as AQZ v
ARA shows (see [39] above), views at first instance differ on whether this is
the correct approach to an attempt to adduce additional evidence on an
application under s 10(3) of the Act.

43 In any event, the interest in evidential finality is not engaged on an
application like this one, ie, an application to set aside leave to enforce an
award under s 19 of the Act. This application is neither an appeal against the
award nor an appeal against the decision granting the applicant leave to
enforce the award under s 19 of the Act. The respondent has never before had
an opportunity to obtain and produce evidence on the set of issues to be
determined on this application. There is, to my mind, no analogy to be drawn
between this application and an application of the type in Sanum. There is
therefore no procedural interest which justifies constraining the general
discretion to receive relevant and admissible evidence on the hearing of an
application by way of an interlocutory summons.

44 Second, constraining the general discretion to receive evidence is not
necessary to deter potential tactical abuse on an application like this. There
are other doctrines and principles which suffice to deter potential abuse. The
doctrine of res judicata and the principle of minimal curial intervention
prevent a party from rearguing issues which were or could have been argued
before the tribunal. And even if additional evidence is produced and received,
there is always the court’s power to draw adverse inferences and to assess
critically the weight to be given to that evidence in all the circumstances of
the case. Those circumstances include whether the evidence could have been
obtained and produced earlier and the manner in which it has now been obtained
and produced. Finally, potential tactical abuse is also deterred by the usual
power to award costs, and to award indemnity costs in appropriate cases.

45 As such, even if I were to address directly the applicant’s objection to
the respondent’s additional evidence, I would consider myself free to exercise
my discretion to receive or reject this evidence unconstrained by even a
modified Ladd v Marshall test.

46 And if I thought it necessary to consider the exercise of that discretion,
I would exercise it in favour of receiving the respondent’s additional
evidence. I say that for three reasons. First, it appears to me that the
issues raised on this setting aside application make receiving at least Mr
Saiful’s WeChat conversation and affidavit of critical importance. The
evidence offers direct support to the respondent’s case that there are serious
issues of fraud and corruption which taint the parties’ contract. Those issues
are of potentially fundamental relevance to the respondent’s first and third
grounds (see [3] above). Second, there is no basis to reject out of hand, on
affidavit evidence alone, Ms Choo’s evidence that she could not obtain and
produce Mr Saiful’s evidence earlier than July 2019. Finally, the applicant is
prepared to argue this application even if this additional evidence is
admitted and without adducing any additional evidence of its own. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 25.

Receiving the evidence will therefore not require the hearing to be adjourned
for applicant’s counsel to take instructions and to file affidavits in
response. Had it been necessary for me to exercise my discretion, therefore, I
would consider that receiving this evidence would not cause any prejudice to
the applicant for which the applicant could not be adequately compensated by
an award of costs, whether or not the award in its favour is ultimately
enforced.

47 I now turn to consider in turn each of the three grounds on which the
respondent relies in this application (see [3] above) in light of all the
material before me, including the additional evidence (see [34] above).

There is a valid arbitration agreement

48 The respondent’s first ground for resisting enforcement of the award is
that there is no valid arbitration agreement between the parties within the
meaning of Art 36(1)(a)(i) of the Model Law. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NOA at p 4, line 32 to p 5, line 2 and p 6, lines 17 to 23.

The respondent raises two arguments on this ground. The first argument is that
the final clause of the contract (see [13(b)] above) is not an arbitration
agreement within the meaning of s 2A(1) of the Act. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NOA at p 4, line 32 to p 5, line 2 and p 6, lines 17 to 23.

The second argument is that the contract is vitiated by fraud and corruption,
73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NOA at p 4, line 32 to p 5, line 2 and p 6, lines 17 to 23.

and therefore any arbitration agreement within it is likewise vitiated.

49 In my view, both arguments fail.

Section 2A(6) of the Act

50 The respondent’s first argument is that the final clause of the contract is
not an arbitration agreement within the meaning of s 2A(1) of the Act. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 7 to 10.

The applicant submits in response that it is immaterial whether or not the
final clause is, strictly speaking, an arbitration agreement. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 99.

This is because, on the facts of the case, s 2A(6) has operated to deem there
to be an effective arbitration agreement between the parties. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Appellant’s Submissions at para 100.

51 I accept the applicant’s submission.

52 Section 2A(6) of the Act provides that if one party (the claimant) asserts
the existence of an arbitration agreement in the course of any proceedings and
the opposing party (the respondent) does not deny the assertion in
circumstances where the assertion calls for a reply, there is deemed to be an
effective arbitration agreement between the parties. Section 2A(6) reads as
follows:

Where in any arbitral or legal proceedings, a party asserts the existence of
an arbitration agreement in a pleading, statement of case or any other
document in circumstances in which the assertion calls for a reply and the
assertion is not denied, there shall be deemed to be an effective arbitration
agreement as between the parties to the proceedings.

53 The applicant (through Kennedys as its solicitors) asserted the existence
of an arbitration agreement with the respondent twice in the course of the
arbitration. Both assertions called for a reply from the respondent. Ms Choo’s
reply failed to deny both assertions. However, both of Ms Choo’s replies did
deny that a contract existed between the parties. The question which arises,
therefore, is whether Ms Choo’s general denial of a contract between the
parties is the type of denial which s 2A(6) requires in order to avoid its
operation.

54 It may be thought that a general denial of a contract must a fortiori
constitute a denial of an arbitration clause within the contract. The greater
includes the lesser, after all. That submission may well be correct generally
(see Marty Ltd v Hualon Corp (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (receiver and manager
appointed) [2018] 2 SLR 1207 at [43]). But I consider the submission not to be
correct when considering the type of denial which s 2A(6) of the Act requires.

55 In my view, s 2A(6) requires a respondent to deny with specificity a
claimant’s assertion that an arbitration agreement exists between the parties.
It will not suffice for the respondent generally to deny the existence of an
arbitration agreement if it does not go on to deny with specificity the
arbitration agreement as asserted by the claimant. A fortiori, it will not
suffice for the respondent generally to deny the existence of the contract
which the claimant asserts contains an arbitration clause if it does not go on
to deny with specificity the claimant’s assertion that that clause is a valid
arbitration agreement.

56 I come to this conclusion for three reasons.

57 First, the language of s 2A(6) expressly requires the respondent to deny
the claimant’s assertion: “Where…a party asserts the existence of an
arbitration agreement…and the assertion is not denied” (emphasis added).
Denying generally that a contract exists between the parties does not address
the target of s 2A(6), which is the claimant’s assertion that an arbitration
agreement exists between the parties.

58 Second, only a specific denial of a claimant’s assertion of an arbitration
agreement advances what I consider to be the twin purposes of s 2A(6): (a) to
promote efficiency in the allocation of dispute-resolution resources; and (b)
to avoid defeating the reasonable expectations of stakeholders in dispute-
resolution proceedings. These twin purposes are why s 2A(6) operates expressly
not only in arbitration but generally in all dispute-resolution proceedings.

59 Assume a claimant who asserts expressly in dispute-resolution proceedings
that an arbitration agreement exists between the parties. Assume also that the
respondent’s reply to the claimant denies generally that a contract exists
between the parties but fails specifically to deny the assertion that an
arbitration agreement exists between the parties.

60 These dispute resolution proceedings will have many stakeholders. The
stakeholders will include: (a) the claimant; (b) its legal representatives;
(c) the court or other adjudicating institution; and (d) the actual or
potential factual or expert witnesses who have been approached or who have
agreed to give evidence in the proceedings on one side or the other. In
arbitration, these stakeholders will in addition include the administering
institution (if any) and the arbitrators approached by the parties or the
institution for actual or potential appointment to the tribunal.

61 The respondent’s general denial of a contract between the parties is
ambiguous. Because the denial is not directed specifically to the claimant’s
assertion of an arbitration agreement, it is indistinguishable from an
assertion by the respondent that it has a defence on the merits of the claim
but accepts that it is bound to arbitrate those merits. Stakeholders will
therefore assume from the respondent’s failure to deny the assertion of an
arbitration agreement that the respondent accepts that the asserted
arbitration agreement exists. This assumption will be entirely foreseeable,
entirely understandable and entirely reasonable. Relying on the respondent’s
failure, the stakeholders will incur or continue incurring actual costs, time
costs and opportunity costs in preparing for the dispute to be resolved on the
expectation that the respondent accepts the claimant’s asserted arbitration
agreement. Stakeholder expectations will be defeated and dispute-resolution
resources wasted if the respondent retains the liberty at any point in the
future of those proceedings to deny the asserted arbitration agreement – and
thereby to nullify all that it has allowed to transpire in those proceedings
up to that point – when it allowed the assertion to pass without specific
denial. This waste of resources has a systemic effect. It operates to the
prejudice of parties and stakeholders in unrelated disputes which had an equal
claim on the scarce dispute-resolution resources which have now been wasted.

62 I conclude for these reasons that the twin purposes of s 2A(6) require a
respondent to deny specifically a claimant’s assertion of an arbitration
agreement. A general denial does not suffice to address the twin purposes of s
2A(6). It does not put stakeholders on notice that dispute-resolution
resources may be wasted and expectations may be defeated.

63 Third, s 2A(6) must require the same specificity for a respondent’s denial
whether or not the underlying claim arises from a contract and, if it does,
whether or not the contract contains a defective arbitration clause. By way of
illustration, assume the three following hypothetical respondents to a
hypothetical arbitration of a hypothetical claim: (a) a respondent to a claim
which does not arise out of a contract but which the parties have apparently
agreed ad hoc to refer to arbitration; (b) a respondent to a claim arising out
of a contract which contains no arbitration clause at all; and (c) a
respondent to a claim arising out of a contract which contains a defective
arbitration clause.

64 Section 2A(6) applies in all three of these hypothetical arbitrations. That
is because the twin purposes of s 2A(6) are engaged in all three of them. They
each entail the same risk of wasted resources and of defeated expectations if
a respondent fails specifically to deny a claimant’s express assertion that an
arbitration agreement exists. Section 2A(6) must therefore require a denial
with an identical degree of specificity from all three hypothetical
respondents.

65 Section 2A(6) cannot require the first hypothetical respondent to issue a
general denial of the parties’ contract. That is simply because the first
hypothetical respondent has no contract with the claimant to deny generally.
Section 2A(6) must of necessity require the first hypothetical respondent to
deny specifically the claimant’s assertion of an arbitration agreement. So
too, s 2A(6) cannot require the second hypothetical respondent to issue a
general denial of the parties’ contract. That is because the parties’ contract
ex hypothesi cannot have any rational connection to the existence of an
arbitration agreement. Section 2A(6) must equally of necessity require the
second hypothetical respondent to deny specifically the claimant’s assertion
of an arbitration agreement. The third hypothetical respondent cannot be in a
better position as regards the required specificity of its denial than the
first and second hypothetical respondents. Section 2A(6) must therefore also
require the third hypothetical respondent to deny specifically the claimant’s
assertion of an arbitration agreement.

66 In that sense, the parties’ historical conduct underlying their dispute is
irrelevant for the purposes of s 2A(6). It is the claimant’s present assertion
of an arbitration agreement which must be denied, not the existence of a
putative arbitration agreement in the past. If a respondent fails to deny now
the claimant’s assertion now of an arbitration agreement when the assertion
calls for a reply, s 2A(6) will achieve its twin purposes by deeming there now
to be an effective arbitration agreement between the parties. This deemed
arbitration agreement does not arise from a past contract but from the
parties’ present conduct.

67 Where a claimant asserts that an arbitration agreement exists in the course
of an arbitration (as opposed to other legal proceedings), there is
undoubtedly an element of circularity to the introductory words of s 2A(6).
The claimant’s assertion cannot in reality be made “in…arbitral… proceedings”
if there is no arbitration agreement between the parties within the meaning of
s 2A(1) and if s 2A(6) has not yet operated to deem the asserted arbitration
agreement to be effective. But I consider that s 2A(6) intended this
circularity to be resolved pragmatically. An assertion that an arbitration
agreement exists is an assertion made “in any arbitral…proceedings” within the
meaning of s 2A(6) if the assertion is made on an occasion which has the
potential to engage either or both of the twin purposes of s 2A(6). So too, an
assertion “calls for a reply” within the meaning of s 2A(6) if a failure to
deny the assertion has the potential to engage those purposes.

68 As I have already mentioned (see [53] above), Kennedys, on behalf of this
applicant, asserted the existence of an arbitration agreement twice in the
course of the arbitration. On my construction of s 2A(6), both assertions were
made “in… arbitral…proceedings” and both called for a reply from the
respondent. The respondent failed to deny both assertions. Therefore, s 2A(6)
operated to deem the asserted arbitration agreement to be effective
immediately upon the respondent’s failure. I now describe the two assertions.

The first assertion

69 Kennedys first asserted an arbitration agreement in July 2018. The
assertion came in the notice of arbitration itself (see [22] above): 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 51.

The Contract provides that disputes be referred to arbitration in Singapore
subject to Singapore Law.

… [The applicant] hereby seek [sic] your agreement in the appointment of a
sole arbitrator.

70 A notice of arbitration has foundational significance in an arbitration.
This notice of arbitration was no different. It was addressed directly to the
respondent. It asserted expressly that an agreement existed between the
parties to arbitrate disputes that might arise between them. It invoked the
applicant’s right under the asserted arbitration agreement to initiate the
arbitration of a specific dispute.

71 The notice of arbitration engaged the twin purposes of s 2A(6). It
manifested the applicant’s expectation that the parties’ dispute will be fully
and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with their agreement. It
manifested also that the applicant had commenced incurring costs in preparing
for the dispute to be resolved in the arbitration. I therefore consider that
the assertion in the notice of arbitration came “in… arbitral…proceedings”
within the meaning of the introductory words of s 2A(6). I also consider that,
in these circumstances, the assertion called for a reply if the respondent
disagreed with it.

72 Ms Choo replied to the assertion. But she did not deny the assertion
specifically. Her reply alleged only that a condition precedent to the
contract coming into existence was not satisfied because the respondent had
failed to comply with the performance deposit clause in the contract (see
[13(a)] above): 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 52.

From you: … The Contract provides that disputes be referred to arbitration in
Singapore subject to Singapore Law. … [the applicant] hereby seek [sic] your
agreement in the appointment of a sole arbitrator.

My Reply: From I can see [sic], we have not make [sic] the payment for the
performance deposit, therefore we hv [sic] not enter to the contract to supply
[sic].

[emphasis in original]

73 For the reasons I have given, a general denial of the existence of a
contract said to contain an arbitration agreement does not suffice to prevent
s 2A(6) from operating. The reasonable interpretation of Ms Choo’s general
denial was that it was raised as a defence to the merits of the applicant’s
claim and not to deny the applicant’s assertion of an arbitration agreement.
If the final clause were missing entirely from the parties’ contract, Ms
Choo’s general denial of the existence of the contract could not have sufficed
to prevent s 2A(6) from operating. The respondent cannot be in a better
position simply because the final clause of the contract exists and is
arguably an arbitration agreement.

74 Section 2A(6) therefore deemed there to be an effective arbitration
agreement between the applicant and the respondent from the date of Ms Choo’s
reply in July 2018.

The second assertion

75 Kennedys asserted an arbitration agreement for a second time in August
2018. At that time, the parties were engaged in a tripartite correspondence
with the SIAC under s 8(2) of the Act (see [24] above). Ms Choo informed the
SIAC that she objected to an arbitrator being appointed because Mr Saiful had
entered into the contract without the respondent’s authority. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 88.

Kennedys took the position in reply that Mr Saiful’s authority was a matter
going to the merits of the parties’ dispute and was not relevant to its
application under s 8(2) of the Act. In the course of the reply, Kennedys
asserted both that: (a) the respondent did not dispute that the arbitration
had been validly commenced; and (b) that an arbitration agreement existed
between the parties: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 6, p 84.

…

2\. With respect, the matters stated in [the respondent’s] email are
irrelevant to our request for the appointment of a sole arbitrator.

3\. We note that it is not disputed that our client has commenced arbitration
validly against [the respondent], and that the Notice of Arbitration had been
validly served.

…

6\. Any substantive issues and allegations relating to the existence or
validity of the contract … constitute disputes between [the applicant] and
[the respondent], which are subject to the Parties’ arbitration agreement.
Those matters should therefore be raised before the [appointed arbitrator],
and not before the appointing authority, SIAC.

…

[emphasis added]

76 It is true that the applicant addressed this assertion to the SIAC and not
to the respondent. I nevertheless consider that the assertion comes within the
scope of s 2A(6). This exchange of correspondence was tripartite. Kennedys’
assertion was therefore communicated to the respondent in copy. And Ms Choo
chose to respond to the assertion directly to Kennedys. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 83.

Given that the respondent received and replied to the communication containing
this assertion, I consider it immaterial that the assertion was, as a strict
matter of form, addressed to the SIAC.

77 Once again, though, Ms Choo’s reply did not specifically deny Kennedys’
express assertion. Instead, she repeated her allegation that the respondent’s
obligation to pay the performance deposit was a condition precedent to the
contract coming into existence and had not been satisfied:

Refer again the the [sic] Saiful email to [the applicant] that, to get [the
respondent] management approval of payment of performance deposit, no one from
[the applicant] is coming over to the contract and its payment, it's
completion, and what make the conclusion of getting the claim of loss? Without
the deposit of performance, it is without the guaranteed of the supply,
contract is incomplete. Throughout the entire emailing, no respond from [the
respondent] management to take action to pay and no email being replied from
the management. THIS, NEED TO JUSTIFIED.

[all grammatical errors in original]

78 The context in which Kennedys made this assertion called for the respondent
to deny it. The subject matter of this tripartite correspondence was the
applicant’s invitation to the President of the SIAC’s Court of Arbitration to
exercise his power under under s 8(2) of the Act read with Article 11(4)(a) of
the Model Law to act for the respondent in constituting a tribunal. The twin
purposes of s 2A(6) of the Act were engaged, just as they were engaged when
the respondent received the notice of arbitration. Additional stakeholders in
the putative arbitration had begun to incur costs. These additional
stakeholders are the SIAC, albeit not as the administering institution, and
any arbitrator who might be approached to constitute the tribunal. The
applicant’s assertion called for a specific denial. Otherwise, the procedure
under s 8(2) of the Act would continue. Stakeholders would incur further costs
in the expectation that the respondent did not deny the assertion. Ms Choo
failed to deny the assertion specifically. All she did, once again, was to
deny the existence of the contract generally. That does not suffice to prevent
s 2A(6) from operating.

79 If for any reason it did not operate in July 2018, s 2A(6) operated now to
deem there to be an effective arbitration agreement between the applicant and
the respondent in and from August 2018.

Conclusion on s 2A(6)

80 Ms Choo now claims conveniently that it was the respondent’s position
during the arbitration “that there was no valid contract and therefore no
valid arbitration agreement” [emphasis added]. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 23.

This is not true in point of fact. Ms Choo never once in the course of the
arbitration denied the existence of an arbitration agreement or connect her
general denial of a contract to a specific denial of the claimant’s express
assertion of an arbitration agreement. Ms Choo’s claim is also not to the
point. What s 2A(6) required the respondent to do was to deny in 2018 the
applicant’s assertions in 2018 that an arbitration agreement existed between
the parties. Denying the existence of a contract which the parties entered
into in 2017 does not suffice for this purpose. That is the case even if the
general denial is read as encompassing a denial of the binding force of each
individual clause in the contract and even if it is assumed that the final
clause is a defective arbitration clause.

Section 2A(1) of the Act

81 My holding on the operation of s 2A(6) of the Act makes it unnecessary for
me to consider whether the final clause of the contract is in fact an
arbitration agreement within the meaning of s 2A(1) of the Act. But I must
confess some doubt on this point. I say that for two reasons.

82 First, as the respondent quite rightly points out, the operative words –
such as they are – of the final clause of the contract (see [13(b)] above)
makes no reference to arbitration whatsoever. Those operative words provide
only that Singapore law is to be the governing law of the contract. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 8.

Choosing a governing law is obviously and fundamentally making a different
choice from choosing arbitration as a dispute-resolution mechanism.

83 Second, even if one has regard to the boldface heading of the clause and to
the word “arbitration” which appears there, it would be very difficult
legitimately to read into that single word by a process of contractual
construction an obligation on the parties to submit to arbitration “all or
certain disputes” under the contract as s 2A(1) requires. And even then, this
approach would require lavishly interpreting the word “arbitration” in the
heading as having operative effect rather than merely having a descriptive
effect which was left unfulfilled when the parties failed to include the
necessary operative words in the body of that clause. This construction would
therefore to my mind be doubly strained.

84 It may well be the case, therefore, that the respondent’s argument on s
2A(1) would have succeeded if the respondent had specifically denied the
applicant’s assertion that an arbitration agreement existed between the
parties in July 2018. But the respondent did not do that. Its argument on s
2A(1) of the Act has been overtaken by the operation of s 2A(6) of the Act.

Fraud and corruption immaterial to the operation of s 2A(6)

85 The respondent’s second argument on the first ground is that the contract
is vitiated by fraud and corruption, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NOA at p 4, line 32 to p 5, line 2 and p 6, lines 17 to 23.

and therefore any arbitration agreement within it is also vitiated. This
argument may have assisted the respondent if I had held that the final clause
of the parties’ contract is an arbitration agreement within the meaning of s
2A(1) of the Act. It would then have been necessary to analyse whether that
arbitration agreement – even though separable – is vitiated by the alleged
fraud or corruption which is said to vitiate the remainder of the contract.

86 I have instead held that the claimant’s argument under s 2A(6) of the Act
succeeds. In my view, any fraud or corruption in the formation of the parties’
contract is incapable of having any effect on the operation of the arbitration
agreement which is deemed effective by s 2A(6) of the Act. The effect of s
2A(6) is not to reach into the past to cure or validate the defect in the
drafting of the final clause of the parties’ contract and to deem that clause
henceforth be effective as an arbitration agreement within the meaning of s
2A(1). As I have pointed out, s 2A(6) operates whether or not there is a
contract between the parties, let alone whether or not there is a defective
arbitration agreement in their contract. Section 2A(6) operates in the
present, when the assertion of an arbitration agreement and the failure to
deny take place.

87 The arbitration and the award are therefore not founded on the final clause
of the contract which the parties entered into in December 2017. Instead, the
arbitration and the award are founded on an arbitration agreement between the
parties which s 2A(6) deemed to be effective by reason only of the parties’
communications in July and August 2018 (see [69]–[79] above). It has therefore
operated in this case without any connection to the parties’ contract and
therefore untainted by any fraud or corruption which may vitiate that
contract. Further, there is no allegation that there is any factor which
vitiates the parties’ communications in July and August 2018.

88 Therefore, even if I were to find that the contract was vitiated by fraud
and corruption which took place in 2017, and even if I were to find that the
final clause of the contract (assumed to be and analysed as a separable
arbitration agreement) was also vitiated by the same fraud and corruption, the
arbitration agreement which s 2A(6) deemed to be effective in 2018 would
remain entirely untainted by any such fraud or corruption and would stand.

Conclusion on the first ground

89 I have rejected the respondent’s first ground for resisting enforcement of
the award because I have concluded that s 2A(6) of the Act deems there to be
an effective arbitration agreement between the parties from July 2018 at the
earliest and August 2018 at the latest. I have also held that it is irrelevant
to that conclusion that: (a) the final clause of the contract may not be an
arbitration agreement within the meaning of s 2A(1); and (b) the final clause
may be vitiated by fraud and corruption in December 2017.

90 The result is that the respondent is bound to arbitrate its substantive
dispute with the applicant by the operation of s 2A(6) even if it is assumed
that: (a) the respondent has never consented to arbitration, whether in the
subjective sense or even in the objective contractual sense; and (b) the
contract is tainted by fraud or corruption. That is undoubtedly an inroad on
the consensual nature of arbitration. That is an especially serious inroad
given that the allegations of fraud and corruption are made directly against
the applicant and not just against Mr Saiful. An observer could justifiably
take the view that the approach I have taken to s 2A(6) must be wrong because
it demonstrates nothing so much as the proposition that fraud unravels
everything except arbitration agreements.

91 I do not think that view would be correct. I consider the inroad on the
consensual nature of arbitration created by my approach to s 2A(6) to be a
justified inroad in terms of policy and a moderate inroad in terms of effect.

92 I consider the inroad justified in terms of policy because of the twin
purposes of s 2A(6) of the Act (see [58] above). To advance those twin
purposes, s 2A(6) does nothing more than to provide that a respondent who
fails to deny a claimant’s assertion of an arbitration agreement in the
circumstances envisaged by s 2A(6) is precluded permanently from denying the
arbitration agreement and from having recourse to litigation. Seen in that
light, s 2A(6) merely establishes a statutory waiver or estoppel which binds
the respondent. Whether it is correctly analysed as a waiver or an estoppel is
immaterial for present purposes.

93 I consider this inroad to be a moderate inroad because it relates only to
the mode of dispute resolution. Section 2A(6) says nothing about the parties’
substantive rights and obligations. Thus, the respondent remained entirely at
liberty in the arbitration to argue that there was fraud and corruption in the
formation of the contract. In that sense, s 2A(6) is merely the mirror image
of the rule in s 6 of the Act that delivering a pleading or taking a step in
litigation extinguishes permanently a defendant’s right to have recourse to
arbitration even if there is an arbitration agreement between the parties
within the meaning of s 2A(1). Both provisions affect only the mode of dispute
resolution and not its outcome. It is true that the operation of s 2A(6) does,
at least in an arbitration governed by the Act, deprive a respondent of a
right of an appeal against the outcome on the merits. But a respondent which
finds itself bound by s 2A(6) has only itself to blame for its predicament.

94 I therefore reject the respondent’s first ground for resisting enforcement
of the award. For the reasons I have given, I rest this conclusion on the
operation of s 2A(6) of the Act alone. It is therefore not necessary for me to
decide: (a) whether the final clause of the contract is an arbitration
agreement within the meaning of s 2A(1) of the Act; (b) if so, whether the
contract is vitiated by fraud or corruption; and (c) if so, whether the final
clause of the contract, treated as a separable arbitration agreement, is
likewise vitiated by fraud or corruption.

The respondent was able to present its case

95 The respondent’s second ground for resisting enforcement of the award is
that it was unable to present its case in the arbitration within the meaning
of Art 36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law. For this ground, the respondent relies
only on the arbitrator’s decision to proceed documents-only. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 14.

To understand and analyse the parties’ submissions on this ground, it is
necessary first to set out in more detail the chronology of the arbitration
for the five-month period from the time the tribunal was constituted in
September 2018 to the time the arbitrator delivered her final award in
February 2019.

The chronology of the arbitration

96 During this five-month period, the arbitrator, Kennedys on behalf of the
applicant and Ms Choo on behalf of the respondent communicated regularly about
the arbitration. The chain of emails which I summarise below is a complete
record of the parties’ communications during this period. There is no
suggestion that any of these communications took place by telephone calls,
video calls or physical meetings. All of the emails in this chain were sent or
received (whether as addressee or in copy) by all three parties: the
arbitrator, Kennedys and Ms Choo. Ms Choo does not suggest that she did not
receive any of these emails, whether as addressee or in copy, at or about the
time the email was sent.

97 On 9 October 2018, shortly after the tribunal was constituted, Kennedys
made three procedural proposals to the arbitrator. First, Kennedys proposed
for the first time that the arbitration “be dealt with on a documents only
basis”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 97.

Kennedys proposed a documents-only arbitration because, in their view, the
respondent could not credibly contest liability and therefore the only issue
in the arbitration would be damages. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 97.

Secondly and accordingly, Kennedys proposed that the arbitration proceed
without factual witness evidence and with expert evidence only on damages. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 97.

Third, Kennedys proposed a procedural timetable to take the arbitration
forward. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 97.

They proposed that the parties exchange pleadings by mid-December 2018,
exchange expert evidence by end-January 2019 and then seek the arbitrator’s
directions on closing submissions. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 97.

98 On 17 October 2018, the arbitrator invited Ms Choo to respond specifically
to the applicant’s proposal for a documents-only arbitration and to its
suggested procedural timetable. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 95 to 96.

Ms Choo did not respond.

99 On 19 October 2018, at the arbitrator’s request, Kennedys confirmed that Ms
Choo’s email address was an active email address and that hard copies of
Kennedys’ 9 October 2018 email and the arbitrator’s 17 October 2018 email in
response had been delivered to the respondent’s registered address. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 94.

On 24 October 2018, the arbitrator set a deadline of noon on 29 October 2018
for Ms Choo to respond. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 94.

Once again, Ms Choo did not respond.

100 On 30 October 2018, the arbitrator noted that the respondent had failed to
respond to any of the preceding emails. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 93.

She then issued her first procedural direction setting out a timetable for the
parties to exchange pleadings and expert evidence. Her timetable adopted
Kennedys’ proposed timetable from their 9 October 2018 email (see [97] above).
95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 93 to 94.

But the arbitrator did not adopt Kennedys’ proposal to proceed documents-only.
Instead, she invited the parties to discuss that proposal between themselves
after the close of pleadings: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 93 to 94.

After the pleadings have been filed, the Parties to discuss (i) whether the
arbitration will proceed as a documents only arbitration or if a hearing is
required, (ii) whether parties to call any factual witness(es), and (iii) the
time for service of Closing Submissions.

101 On 21 November 2018, within the deadline directed by the arbitrator, the
applicant submitted its principal pleading, which it called the “Buyers’ Claim
Submissions”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 99.

The submission identified the contract, set out its material terms, asserted
the respondent’s breach and prayed for an award of damages of just over
US$279,000, interest and costs. Annexed to the submission was all of the
documentary evidence and the legal authorities on which the applicant relied
in support of it. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 133 to 146.

The documentary evidence included information on market prices of gas oil from
S&P Global Platts, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 148 to 153.

the industry-standard source for such data.

102 On 23 November 2018, two days later, Ms Choo finally responded. She
emailed to the arbitrator and Kennedys her response to the applicant’s
submission. The response was in narrative and somewhat disjointed form. Ms
Choo’s 23 November 2018 email, as I shall call it, is critical to the
respondent’s case on its second ground for resisting enforcement. I therefore
set the email out in full: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 27, pp 158 to 159.

Dear [arbitrator],

Greetings.

1- …[The applicant] should have at least care enough to ring the seller
office, to send the order by post for the follow up.

I have only come across the order only upon the termination where the buyer
send by courier.

Question: If there is the tension of the supply, have they done the D.D to
seller? showing track record.from the seller? To visit or to call the office?
Did the buyer send out the vendor form for the seller to do the submission?
This is an incomplete order to claim. Also known as an unreasonable claim /
unreasonable case to be raised.

By looking at that, 08 March 18, Stephen / buyer wrote to mention that they
will protect their position in term of losses will suffer soon as a
consequence of seller non-performance of supply and paying the PD.

REFER to the above statement from the buyer, showing that from Dec 2017 till
March 2018, they have not suffer any loss.

REFER to the slings of emailing. This can be seen as they have been getting
updated that Saiful have been trying to SOURCE for the replacement cargo for
them. It is obviously they have known that Saiful attempting to source for
them.

REFER to the slings of emailing, particularly on 28 Dec 2017, Saiful mentioned
that he have not manage to get his company to commit the PD to the buyer.
Saiful wrote that he has notified the management to get to prepare the PB.
(This showing effectively to the buyer that he is just notified the company to
pay, but not getting approval for the payment. THEREFORE, the buyer is alerted
the performance payment having problem, with this, they should or at least
take the necessary action to call and to follow up with the buyer company but
not email only. (No tension of loss being shown)

Question: With all this problem of the order status, still non of the buyer
reach seller for the clarification, i.e call, or visit the buyer management.
This looks like either the buyer missed out their duty or some mattering on
with both buyer and Saiful.

Upon I received the letter that courier to my office. I have quickly contact
the buyer. And after a while, Saiful have left Singapore. I then immediately
send out a letter handwritten from myself to inform the buyer the leaving of
Saiful and over the phone call too.

I strongly believe that the buyer is here for some earning but not to claim of
the losses AS I couldn't see the buyer real INTENTION to get into order. I am
not too sure but for references it might at which arrangement of buyer and
Saiful appear into my company into this order. This should be under
investigation but not on the table here.

Again. To be reasonable and a proper deal - a contract sign, SPA and the
invoice of PD from the BUYER. It shall be mail out to the seller. However, NON
of it having so. In the case if we have today, it is not deemed to fit.

I, hereby to reject to enter sole arbitration by SIAC and to reject the fee of
the hourly charge by [the arbitrator].

REMARKS: Refer to the buyer loss that mentioned. Referring to the contract,
the SUPPLY commitment of Saiful was the date of supply on 7th Jan 2018. If, on
8 March 2018, email from buyer mentioning that the buyer will then do
something to avoid the suffer of loss. Meaning, the non arrangement of the
delivery on 7th Jan have not caused buyer any loss.

There are the matters need to be justified by the buyer but not sending a
legal reps and engaging any government resources to mislead further.

Thank you

Yourse sincerely,

Choo Foong Yee

[all grammatical errors in original]

103 Under the arbitrator’s procedural timetable, the respondent’s defence was
not due until 19 December 2018. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 93.

By an email in immediate response to Ms Choo’s 23 November 2018 email,
Kennedys asked the arbitrator whether the applicant should treat Ms Choo’s 23
November 2018 email as the respondent’s defence. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 158.

104 On 27 November 2018, the arbitrator replied to Ms Choo. She asked Ms Choo
to confirm by noon on 4 December 2018 whether the respondent intended Ms
Choo’s 23 November 2018 email to stand as the respondent’s defence in the
arbitration, failing which the arbitrator would proceed on the basis that it
was. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 157.

The arbitrator also invited Ms Choo to respond by return email if she
nevertheless intended to file a defence by 19 December 2018 as the arbitrator
had originally directed. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 157.

105 By a second email on 27 November 2018, the arbitrator asked the respondent
to submit documentary evidence and authorities in support of its defence by 4
December 2018 or, at the latest, by 19 December 2018: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 156.

I would like to impress upon the Respondent that all documents including
correspondence, together with any legal authorities / case law, referred to in
the Defence is to be exhibited / annexed to the Defence with the appropriate
cross-referencing. This ensures that all evidence are placed before the
Tribunal for consideration.

Thus, if it is the intention of the Respondent that its email of 23 November
2018 … is to stand as the Respondent's Defence, the Respondent is invited to
furnish copies of the various documents including emails and other
correspondence. I would like these documents should be submitted by 12 noon on
4 December 2018. That said, if the Respondent requires more time to submit the
documents, I am prepared to consider the Respondent's request provided that
the deadline for the submission of documents is no later than 19 December
2018.

Ms Choo did not respond to the arbitrator by the deadline set, whether by 4
December 2018, by 19 December 2018 or at all.

106 On 6 December 2018, Kennedys noted in an email to the arbitrator that Ms
Choo had failed to respond by the deadline set and that Ms Choo’s 23 November
2018 email therefore now stood as the respondent’s defence. That accelerated
the procedural timetable by two weeks. Kennedys indicated that they would file
the applicant’s reply by 26 December 2018 in accordance with the accelerated
timetable. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 156.

107 A week earlier than foreshadowed, on 19 December 2018, Kennedys served its
reply accompanied by a bundle of documents. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 160.

Annex A to the reply was Ms Choo’s 23 November 2018 email. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 165.

Kennedys numbered in manuscript each of the paragraphs in the email and
addressed each paragraph in turn in their reply, admitting or denying the
paragraphs, as the case may be, and elaborating as necessary.

108 On 21 December 2018, Kennedys proposed that the arbitrator issue her award
documents-only, on the basis of the material then before her. To that end,
they confirmed that the applicant did not intend to adduce any factual
evidence and proposed that the arbitrator dispense with expert evidence and
closing submissions: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 31, pp 171 to 172.

There is also very little an expert could say in the circumstances. It is not
like an expert adducing evidence of market rates for vessel hire – using
reported fixtures and perhaps the Baltic indices too. Here, we can only really
go by the Platts indices - the globally accepted market indicator. There is no
such thing as reported contracts for the sale and purchase of gas oil.

On this basis, we believe that expert evidence can be dispensed with.

We are also of the view that there is no need for an oral hearing – this is a
simple case that can easily be dealt with on documents. The Claimant does not
intend to adduce any factual witness evidence.

Further, given there is no expert or factual witness evidence, there would be
no need for Closing Submissions to “tie up” the evidence.

Accordingly, we would respectfully request that the Arbitrator now proceeds to
her Award on the basis of the evidence before her.

109 On 26 December 2018, the arbitrator asked Ms Choo to comment on Kennedys’
proposals by 3 January 2019. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 171.

110 On 27 December 2018, Ms Choo acknowledged receipt of the arbitrator’s
email and said that she would “read through [Kennedys’] … email properly and
understand it accordingly”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 170.

Ms Choo did not follow up on this holding email with a substantive response to
Kennedys’ proposals, whether by 3 January 2019 or at all.

111 On 4 January 2019, in the absence of a response from Ms Choo, the
arbitrator decided to proceed documents-only. I set out her procedural
direction in full: 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 169.

Dear Sirs,

1\. I refer to the above matter.

2\. In an email from the Claimant's solicitors dated 21 December 2018 ("the
Claimant's 21 Dec Email"), the Claimant proposed procedural directions
summarized as follows: -

a. This is to be a document only arbitration;

b. There is no need to adduce expert evidence;

c. The Claimant does not intend to call adduce factual witness evidence; and

d. There is therefore no requirement for Parties to submit Closing
Submissions.

3\. In my emails of 26 December 2018 (below) and 27 December 2018 (attached),
the Respondent was invited to provide its comments on the Claimant's 21 Dec
Email by 3 January 2019. Although the Respondent's representative had sent two
emails on 27 December 2018 appearing below, I have not received any
substantive comments from the Respondent.

4\. In view of the foregoing, here are the Procedural Directions No. 2 in
order to take this arbitration forward.

a. This reference is to proceed as a document only arbitration.

b. As matters presently stand, there is no need for any oral hearing or expert
evidence to be adduced.

c. The Claimant and the Respondent are to adduce any factual witness evidence,
if any or if necessary, by 18 January 2019.

d. The Parties are also to provide their submissions on costs by 18 January
2019.

5\. These directions are made after having considered the Claimant's Claim
Submissions dated 21 November 2018, the Respondent's Defence Submissions dated
23 November 2018 (sent by way of Ms. Chanel Choo's email), the Claimant's
Reply Submissions dated 19 December 2018, and the matters set out in the
Claimant's 21 Dec Email. For the avoidance of doubt, the directions have been
made notwithstanding that the Claimant has stated in their 21 Dec Email that
it does not intend to adduce any factual witness evidence.

6\. Thank you.

Yours faithfully

[The arbitrator]

112 On 15 January 2019, Kennedys confirmed again to the arbitrator that the
applicant would not be adducing any factual witness statements. They also
served the applicant’s submission on costs as directed. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 174.

Ms Choo failed to respond to the arbitrator at all.

113 On 24 January 2019, Kennedys noted the respondent’s failure and invited
the arbitrator to proceed to her award. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 174.

114 On 1 February 2019, the arbitrator issued her award. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 177.

It was entirely in the applicant’s favour. In little over an hour, Ms Choo
responded as follows: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 176.

Good day.

Refer to the attachment from you today.

Clause 5&6 shall not be established, pls refer to clause 3 & 4 carefully.

( pls see file enclosed)

We should not be here as a whole.

Thank you

Regards,

Chanel Choo

[all grammatical errors in original]

115 On 11 February 2019, the arbitrator informed the parties that her award
would stand despite Ms Choo’s email. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 176.

116 Within 18 minutes, Ms Choo responded as follows: 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at pp 175 to 176.

Refer to the email dated 26th Dec 2018.

To my study through the case. This is his (the solicitor’s of [the applicant])
personal philosophy that doesn’t comply between [the respondent] and [the
applicant] happening facts. Typically considered Out of the scope from the
defining to the topic.

Refer to my attachment below that sent out from [the applicant]. Have [the
applicant] conduct the check through [the respondent] accounts details, for it
order and the performance guaranteed to be paid before such a large order
being issue? Evident of LC issuance facilities, trade references and the
supplier from [the respondent] as per their criteria mentioned ? Hv that gone
through properly? Answer is absolutely no. This order obviously given
unrightfully. No evident sufficiently are found to the liability mentioned,
contract given with other intention or deem a faulty of order given.

Firstly and clearly. Refer to the files that Saiful sent Dec 2017 for the
qualifier level prior the order issue. The file highlighted by [the applicant]
on 20 Dec 2017, does it comply for it approval level? Again answer is nope.
Also have not show prove of fund for it PB. As if above issues, [the
respondent] not qualified to meet the requirements, how the order being award?
With this unsatisfied criteria, how the claimant team not following up for it
PB accordingly to [the respondent]?

During my first visit to [the applicant] official address after I received the
termination letter from them. The trader and the lawyer asked me repeatedly
for a lump sum to paid to them for the amount of $30,000 to $50,000 for it
settlement before moving to supply the cargo the them. Also they highlighted
to make payment to them is a must before we can proceed to talk about the
order further. (if that’s the case, how does the order approved?)

This is being suspect as such a prearrangement planned intentionally to seek
payment of lose claim to victims before we can further, and to investigate.

Thks

[all grammatical errors in original]

117 In little over an hour, the arbitrator responded to point out that the
respondent had been afforded an opportunity to present its case and that the
award had been issued: 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 175.

The Parties, including the Respondent, have been given the opportunity to
present their respective cases within the timelines as set by the Tribunal.
That time has since passed, I have considered the papers which has [sic] been
submitted to the Tribunal, and the Award has now been issued. Please be guided
accordingly.

The arbitrator’s point – presumably, and quite correctly – was that she was
functus officio and that the respondent would have to raise the concerns set
out in Ms Choo’s 11 February 2019 email before another forum and on another
occasion.

118 On 1 May 2019, the three-month time limit stipulated in Art 34(3) of the
Model Law expired for the respondent to bring an application to set aside the
award. The respondent did not apply to set aside the award within that time or
at all.

The respondent’s submissions

119 The respondent’s submission on the second ground is as follows. Ms Choo
did not appreciate the significance of the arbitrator’s decision to proceed
documents-only. As a result, right up until the arbitrator issued her award on
1 February 2019, Ms Choo was waiting for the arbitrator to hold a hearing to
receive the parties’ evidence viva voce and subject to cross-examination. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit, para 36.

It was or ought to have been evident to the arbitrator: (a) that Ms Choo’s
command of English is poor; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NOA at p 8, lines 32 to 35.

(b) that the respondent’s case in the arbitration was that the contract was
vitiated by fraud and corruption; 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 17.

(c) that the arbitrator could not determine the respondent’s allegations of
fraud and corruption and therefore the parties’ dispute without receiving the
evidence in chief of Mr Saiful viva voce and the evidence of Mr Taufik and Mr
Ong 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Mr Saiful’s Affidavit at para 4.

subject to viva voce cross-examination; 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 22; NOA at p 13, lines 24 to 32.

and (d) that Ms Choo may not appreciate the significance of the decision to
proceed documents-only. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NOA at p 10, lines 10 to 11.

Given all of these red flags, the arbitrator should have called the parties to
attend physically before the arbitrator in order to see Ms Choo in person 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NOA at p 8, lines 35 to 36.

and to “explain the meaning of a documents-only arbitration to [Ms Choo] in
layman’s terms”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NOA at p 10, lines 13 to 17.

The arbitrator’s failure to do so left the respondent unable to present its
case in the arbitration.

120 I reject the respondent’s submission.

The legal principles

121 That a party was unable to present its case in an arbitration is both a
ground for setting aside an award under Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law and
a ground for refusing enforcement of an award under Art 36(1)(a)(ii) of the
Model Law. The two provisions contain the identical words: “was otherwise
unable to present his case”. The test under both provisions must therefore be
the same and ought properly to be approached in the same way.

122 The proper approach on this ground is to ask whether the tribunal’s
conduct of the arbitration falls within the range of what a reasonable and
fair-minded tribunal in those circumstances might have done. This enquiry will
necessarily be fact-specific (see China Machine New Energy Corp v Jaguar
Energy Guatemala LLC and another [2020] 1 SLR 695 (“China Machine”) at [98]).

123 This ground is related directly to the tribunal’s obligation under Art 18
of the Model Law to give each party a “full opportunity” to present its case
in the arbitration. An award issued by a tribunal which has complied with its
duty under Art 18 will not be susceptible to attack under either Art
34(2)(b)(ii) or Art 36(1)(a)(ii) of the Model Law by reason only of an alleged
deficiency in the tribunal’s conduct of the arbitration.

124 Despite the use of the unqualified modifier “full” in Art 18, the
obligation of a tribunal under this article to allow each party an opportunity
to present its case is not without limit. A tribunal is obliged only to give
each party a reasonable opportunity to present its case (China Machine at
[97(a)]; see also JVL Agro Industries Ltd v Agritrade International Pte Ltd
[2016] 4 SLR 768 at [145]).

125 To succeed on its second ground, therefore, the respondent must satisfy me
that the arbitrator failed to afford the respondent a reasonable opportunity
to present its case in the arbitration by conduct which falls outside the
range of what a reasonable and fair-minded tribunal in the circumstances of
this case might have done.

The two senses of the respondent’s argument

126 There are two senses in which to understand the respondent’s submission
that it was unable to present its case in the arbitration. First, it could be
understood in the sense that the arbitrator did not give the respondent a
reasonable opportunity to present its case against the arbitrator’s procedural
decision on 4 January 2019 to proceed documents-only. Second, it could be
understood in the sense that the arbitrator did not give the respondent a
reasonable opportunity to present its case on the merits of the parties’
substantive dispute in the arbitration simply because she decided to proceed
documents-only.

127 In oral submission, counsel for the respondent at times advanced the
argument in the first sense and at other times disclaimed any intention to do
so. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NOA at p 11, lines 20 to 31.

Thus, early in his oral arguments, counsel submitted that the arbitrator
deprived the respondent of a reasonable opportunity to present its case in the
arbitration by deciding to proceed documents-only. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NOA at p 9, lines 13 to 17.

The respondent’s real point, he said, is that the arbitrator failed to
consider that resolving the allegations of fraud and corruption raised in Ms
Choo’s 23 November 2018 email would require viva voce cross-examination and
failed to consider that Ms Choo’s poor command of English meant that she did
not understand that a documents-only arbitration would omit these critical
(from the respondent’s perspective) features. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NOA at p 12.

128 To my mind, the gist of this submission is that a reasonable and fair-
minded tribunal in the circumstances of this case would have considered both
these issues and would not have decided to proceed documents-only on 4 January
2019 without seeing the parties in person and without explaining to Ms Choo
what a documents-only arbitration entails. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NOA at p 8, line 28 to p 9, line 2.

That appears to me to be an attack on the decision-making process which led
the arbitrator to decide to proceed documents-only, both in terms of the
procedural justice she accorded to the parties before making her decision and
in terms of the considerations which she took into account or failed to take
into account in doing so. It amounts to an allegation that the arbitrator
failed to give the respondent a reasonable opportunity to present its case on
the arbitrator’s procedural decision to proceed documents-only.

129 But later in his oral submissions, in response to a specific question from
me, counsel for the respondent said that it was not his submission that the
respondent was unable to present its case on the procedural decision whether
to proceed documents-only. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NOA at p 11, lines 23 to 25, p 12 at lines 3 to 5.

He further disavowed any suggestion that the arbitrator denied the respondent
natural justice in arriving at her decision to proceed documents-only. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NOA at p 9, line 30 to p 10, line 5.

He submitted that the respondent’s case was only that it was unable to present
its case on the merits of the dispute because it could not adduce Mr Saiful’s
evidence in chief and because it was unable to cross-examine the applicant’s
witnesses. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NOA at p 11, lines 27 to 31.

130 Despite counsel’s protestations to the contrary, it appears to me that the
respondent is in reality advancing its argument on this ground in both of the
two senses I have identified at [126] above. The respondent accepts that it is
within the jurisdiction and the power of an arbitrator to conduct an
arbitration documents-only. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NOA, p 12 lines 1 to 9.

That is of course correct, subject only to what I say at [143]–[149] below.
The respondent must then accept that the mere fact that the arbitrator
proceeded documents-only cannot, in and of itself, mean that she breached her
duty to give the respondent a reasonable opportunity to present its case
within the meaning of Art 18.

131 The heart of the respondent’s submission on the second ground is that the
arbitrator’s decision to proceed documents-only on the facts of this case and
in particular in light of Ms Choo’s 23 November 2018 email failed to give the
respondent a reasonable opportunity to present its case. Thus, on the
respondent’s case, it is the arbitrator’s decision on 4 January 2019 (see
[111] above) to proceed documents-only which is the root cause of the
respondent being unable to present its case. But the respondent cannot now
claim to have been unable to present its case in the arbitration by reason of
a procedural decision which was within the arbitrator’s jurisdiction and
within her power unless that procedural decision itself is subject to a
procedural defect, such as a failure to accord natural justice to a party.

132 I therefore examine the respondent’s argument in both the senses I have
identified (see [126] above). In both of those senses, I am satisfied that the
arbitrator conducted the arbitration well within the range of what a
reasonable and fair-minded tribunal in these circumstances might have done.

No breach in deciding to proceed documents-only

133 For the purposes of this analysis, I accept that it would have been
evident to the arbitrator and to the applicant from the 23 November 2018 email
(see [102] above) at the latest: (a) that Ms Choo’s command of English is
poor; 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at paras 24 and 33.

and (b) that Ms Choo is not trained in the law. I consider first the position
disregarding these two personal characteristics of Ms Choo. I then consider
the position taking these two characteristics into account.

134 I have no doubt that the arbitrator dealt with the issue of whether to
proceed documents-only well within the range of what a reasonable and fair-
minded tribunal in these circumstances might have done. I rely on three points
which I extract from the chronology in the arbitration.

135 First, Ms Choo knew that whether the arbitrator should proceed documents-
only was a live issue from 9 October 2018. Kennedys first proposed a
documents-only arbitration in its email to the arbitrator on 9 October 2018
(see [97] above). That proposal was copied to Ms Choo by email and by way of a
physical copy delivered to the respondent’s registered address (see [98]
above). Ms Choo replied to this email on 23 November 2018 (see [102] above).
There is no suggestion, either in that email or in her evidence for this
application, that Ms Choo did not receive the applicant’s proposal to proceed
documents-only on or about 9 October 2018.

136 Second, the arbitrator proceeded cautiously on the applicant’s proposal to
proceed documents-only. The arbitrator did not direct a documents-only
arbitration as soon as Kennedys proposed it on 9 October 2018. Instead, the
arbitrator invited the parties to discuss between themselves after the close
of pleadings the applicant’s proposal to see if they could agree a position
(see [100] above).

137 Third, even when the applicant revived its proposal to proceed documents-
only on 21 December 2018, the arbitrator gave the respondent an opportunity to
be heard on it. Ms Choo was aware that Kennedys repeated the proposal to
proceed documents-only on 21 December 2018, after pleadings had closed (see
[108] above). On 26 December 2018, the arbitrator allowed Ms Choo nine days to
respond to the request (see [109] above).This gave the respondent a total of
13 days from Kennedys’ email of 21 December 2018 to consider the proposal. Ms
Choo acknowledged her opportunity to be heard (see [110] above). But she
failed to take the opportunity. It was only after Ms Choo failed to reply
within the arbitrator’s deadline that the arbitrator finally took the decision
to proceed documents-only on 4 January 2019 (see [111] above).

138 These three points taken together establish that the arbitrator afforded
the respondent more than a reasonable opportunity to present its case on
whether to proceed documents-only. This argument therefore fails as an
argument for resisting enforcement of the award.

139 Does it matter that I have accepted that it would have been obvious to the
arbitrator from 23 November 2018 at the latest that Ms Choo’s command of
English is poor and that she is not trained in the law? In my view it does
not.

140 The fact remains that Ms Choo at no time expressed any confusion or
misapprehension about the applicant’s proposal to proceed documents-only,
whether when the proposal was first made on 9 October 2018 (see [97] above) or
when it was repeated on 21 December 2018 (see [108] above). Likewise, she
expressed no confusion or misapprehension about the proposal when the
arbitrator expressly invited her to comment on it on 26 December 2018 (see
[109] above). Quite the contrary: Ms Choo replied to the arbitrator’s
invitation affirmatively to say that she would read Kennedys’ proposal
“properly” and “understand it accordingly” (see [110] above). 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at p 170.

Having presumably read and understood the proposal as foreshadowed, Ms Choo
did not communicate any confusion or misapprehension to the arbitrator about
its substance. She did not do so even when the arbitrator decided to proceed
documents-only on 4 January 2019 (see [111] above). In particular, Ms Choo
never once: (a) told the arbitrator that she did not understand the
significance of proceeding documents-only; (b) ask the arbitrator to explain
that term to her; or (c) told the arbitrator that she was waiting for a viva
voce hearing to present and test the parties’ factual evidence. Ms Choo’s
confusion and misapprehension was entirely self-engendered and uncommunicated.

141 There was therefore no reason for the arbitrator: (a) to appreciate that
Ms Choo was operating under any confusion or misapprehension as to what a
documents-only arbitration would entail; (b) to believe that Ms Choo was
waiting for a viva voce hearing; or (c) to think that the arbitrator should
meet the parties in person in order to explain to Ms Choo how a documents-only
arbitration would work.

142 There is accordingly no procedural defect in the arbitrator’s decision to
proceed documents-only.

No breach in proceeding documents-only

143 My finding that the respondent was given a reasonable opportunity to
present its case on the decision whether to proceed documents-only leaves no
room for the respondent to succeed on the second sense of this argument, ie,
in the sense that the arbitrator’s decision to proceed documents-only left the
respondent unable to present its case in the arbitration generally.

144 I begin by accepting that the breadth of a tribunal’s procedural power to
conduct an arbitration documents-only under Art 19 of the Model Law is subject
expressly to the parties’ agreement and to any mandatory provision of the lex
arbitri.

145 The parties have no agreement requiring a viva voce hearing within the
meaning of Art 19 of the Model Law. Many institutions have rules which oblige
a tribunal to hold a hearing. For example, Rule 24.1 of the SIAC Rules (6th
Edition, 1 August 2016) (“the SIAC Rules”) obliges the tribunal to hold a
hearing unless the parties have agreed to a documents-only arbitration:

Unless the parties have agreed on a documents-only arbitration or as otherwise
provided in these Rules, the Tribunal shall, if either party so requests or
the Tribunal so decides, hold a hearing for the presentation of evidence
and/or for oral submissions on the merits of the dispute, including any issue
as to jurisdiction.

Rule 24.1 provides, in effect, that either party may veto a proposal to
conduct an arbitration documents-only, ie, without a hearing.

146 The SIAC Rules do not apply to the parties’ arbitration. I have held that
the arbitration was founded on an arbitration agreement between the parties
deemed to be effective under s 2A(6) of the Act. An arbitration founded on s
2A(6) is necessarily an ad hoc arbitration, not an institutional arbitration.
And even if the parties did have an arbitration agreement within the meaning
of s 2A(1), they did not agree that the SIAC was to administer the
arbitration. Neither did they agree to adopt the SIAC Rules in any such
arbitration agreement or by an ad hoc agreement.

147 Singapore’s lex arbitri is to the same effect as Rule 24.1 of the SIAC
Rules. Art 24(1) of the Model Law provides as follows:

Article 24. Hearings and written proceedings

(1) Subject to any contrary agreement by the parties, the arbitral tribunal
shall decide whether to hold oral hearings for the presentation of evidence or
for oral argument, or whether the proceedings shall be conducted on the basis
of documents and other materials. However, unless the parties have agreed that
no hearings shall be held, the arbitral tribunal shall hold such hearings at
an appropriate stage of the proceedings, if so requested by a party.

148 Like Rule 24.1 of the SIAC Rules, the effect of Art 24(1) is that a party
which requires a viva voce hearing may veto any proposal to conduct an
arbitration documents-only. To exercise this veto, however, the objecting
party must both: (a) not agree “that no hearings shall be held”; and (b)
positively make a request for a hearing to be held.

149 Article 24(1) of the Model Law does not assist the respondent. The most
that can be said is that the respondent did not agree to the applicant’s
proposal that no hearings be held. And even that would be correct only if one
assumes that the respondent’s silence following Ms Choo’s holding response to
the arbitrator on 27 December 2018 (see [110] above) does not amount to
implied consent to proceeding documents-only. The fact remains, however, that
at no time did the respondent positively request a viva voce hearing. So, even
though Art 24(1) of the Model Law gave the respondent a right to compel the
arbitrator to hold a viva voce hearing despite the applicant’s proposal to
proceed documents-only and the tribunal’s inclination to accede, the
respondent failed to exercise that right.

150 There was therefore nothing on the facts of this case which removed the
arbitrator’s procedural discretion under Art 19 of the Model Law to proceed
documents-only, whether in the parties’ arbitration agreement or under the lex
arbitri.

Conclusion

151 In whichever of the two senses the respondent’s submission on this ground
is understood (see [126] above), it amounts to arguing that the arbitrator had
an obligation to deduce Ms Choo’s confusion or misapprehension about what a
documents-only arbitration entailed and an obligation to divine that Ms Choo
was waiting for a hearing at which the respondent could present and test the
factual evidence viva voce. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit, para 36.

And the arbitrator was apparently obliged to do all of this even though Ms
Choo’s confusion and misapprehension was entirely self-engendered and was
never once communicated to the arbitrator in any of Ms Choo’s several
communications with her.

152 If the respondent’s submission is correct, a tribunal’s failure to
discharge these obligations would be grounds for both refusing to enforce an
award and also for setting it aside. This, as I pointed out to respondent’s
counsel in the course of the arguments, would be “an intolerable burden to put
on arbitrators”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NOA at p 14, line 2.

A tribunal cannot be faulted for failing to address a matter which neither
party brings to its attention, as the Court of Appeal held in China Machine at
[99]:

… the tribunal’s conduct and decisions should only be assessed by reference to
what was known to the tribunal at the material time. A tribunal cannot be
criticised as having acted unfairly for failing to consider or address
considerations or concerns which the parties never brought to its attention.

153 In no way can it be said, therefore, that the arbitrator’s decision to
proceed documents-only falls outside the range of what a reasonable and fair-
minded tribunal in the circumstances of this case might have done (see [122]
above), given that Ms Choo’s difficulties were self-engendered and
uncommunicated. My summary of the chronology in the arbitration shows that the
arbitrator gave the respondent every opportunity to be heard. And a tribunal
is not expected to read minds.

154 I note finally that it is not uncommon for a commercial arbitration to
proceed documents-only. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Mr Martin’s Affidavit at para 22.

That is particularly so for a dispute which arises from the trade in a
commodity such as gas oil. Indeed, the ability to conduct an arbitration
documents-only is an example of the procedural flexibility which gives
arbitration an advantage over litigation as a dispute-resolution procedure.

155 This suffices to dispose of the respondent’s argument that it was unable
to present its case in the arbitration. However, for completeness, I make some
further observations on this ground, assuming – in the respondent’s favour and
contrary to my finding – that the arbitrator’s decision to proceed documents-
only did in fact render the respondent unable to present its case within the
meaning of Art 36(1)(a)(ii).

No prejudice

156 A party which establishes that it was unable to present its case in an
arbitration will not succeed in resisting enforcement of an award for that
reason alone. That party must also show that it was prejudiced as a result of
being unable to present its case in the manner which it has established (see
GD Midea Air Conditioning Equipment Co Ltd v Tornado Consumer Goods Ltd and
another matter [2018] 4 SLR 271 at [65], discussing Art 34(2)(a)(ii) Model
Law).

157 I am satisfied that the respondent suffered no prejudice as a result of
the arbitrator’s decision to proceed documents-only.

158 The respondent’s argument on prejudice is as follows. The arbitrator’s
decision to proceed documents-only meant that she rendered her final award
against the respondent without the benefit of the evidence of Mr Saiful, its
key witness, as well as without cross-examination of the evidence of Mr Taufik
and Mr Ong (see [7] above). 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 22.

Mr Saiful has now admitted that he procured the contract through fraud and
corruption without the respondent’s knowledge (see paragraph [35] above). If
the respondent had been able to adduce Mr Saiful’s evidence in the
arbitration, and had been able to cross-examine the applicant’s factual
witnesses, it could have proven the fraud and corruption and established that
the contract was thereby vitiated. Therefore, by proceeding documents-only the
arbitrator failed properly to canvass the merits of the parties’ dispute in
the arbitration and her award. If she had done so, the outcome of the
arbitration could have been different. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 22.

159 I reject this argument for four reasons.

160 First, the arbitrator’s decision on 4 January 2019 to proceed documents-
only did not prevent the parties from adducing in the arbitration the evidence
of any witness. It affected only whether the party could adduce the evidence
viva voce or in documentary form. As far as Mr Taufik’s and Mr Ong’s evidence
is concerned, there is no suggestion that their evidence was not available to
the respondent during the evidential phase in the arbitration, ie, between
December 2018 and January 2019. The arbitration concluded without these two
witnesses’ evidence because Ms Choo failed to make any attempt to secure their
evidence and to place it before the arbitrator in any form. As for Mr Saiful’s
evidence, Ms Choo’s loss of contact with Mr Saiful from June 2018 to July 2019
is not a risk which the respondent can cast upon the applicant at the
enforcement stage.

161 Second, the arbitrator directed that the arbitration proceed documents-
only by paragraph 4(a) of her procedural direction issued on 4 January 2019
(see [111] above). Paragraph 4(c) of the same procedural direction gave the
parties a final opportunity to adduce factual witness evidence, provided they
did so by 18 January 2019. The respondent therefore had the opportunity to
adduce the evidence of any witness in documentary form right up until 18
January 2019. Further, a procedural direction carries no finality under the
Act or the Model Law. The respondent also had the opportunity to ask the
arbitrator to reconsider her decision not to receive evidence viva voce up
until 18 January 2019. The respondent did not take advantage of either of
these opportunities.

162 Third, I do not consider that the decision to proceed documents-only
shortened the duration of the arbitration so as to have the effect of
excluding Mr Saiful’s evidence. Even if it is assumed that this arbitration
would have taken four months longer to conclude if the arbitrator had held a
viva voce hearing than it did as a documents-only arbitration – an assumption
which I consider to be reasonable in all the circumstances – that viva voce
arbitration would have concluded with an award issued on 1 June 2019 instead
of 1 February 2019. It was not until a month later, in July 2019, that the
respondent re-established contact with Mr Saiful. Mr Saiful’s evidence would
still not have been available if this arbitration had proceeded viva voce.

163 Finally, as for the allegation that the respondent suffered prejudice by
not being able to cross-examine the applicant’s witnesses, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NOA at p 13, lines 24 to 32.

this allegation is so general and speculative as to be a non-starter. In any
event, the applicant elected to call no factual witnesses at all in the
arbitration. This is recorded in paragraph 2(c) of the arbitrator’s procedural
direction issued on 4 January 2019 (see [111] above). The respondent cannot
complain that it suffered prejudice by being deprived of an opportunity to
cross-examine the applicant’s witnesses if the applicant had no intention of
calling any.

164 It follows that the arbitrator’s decision to proceed documents-only caused
no prejudice to the respondent, even if it is assumed that that decision in
some technical sense left the respondent unable to present its case in the
arbitration. The root cause of any prejudice which the respondent suffered in
this arbitration is Ms Choo’s confusion and misapprehension about the effect
of proceeding documents-only. If that caused the respondent to wait in vain
for a viva voce hearing that was never going to take place, that is not a risk
which the respondent can cast upon the applicant at the enforcement stage.

Enforcement is not contrary to public policy

The respondent’s case

165 The respondent’s third ground for resisting enforcement of the award is
that enforcing the award would be contrary to Singapore’s public policy within
the meaning of Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law. Article 36(1)(b)(ii) is the
analogue of Art 34(2)(b)(ii), which allows a Singapore court to set an award
aside if it “is in conflict with the public policy” of Singapore. Although the
two provisions are not worded identically, I take the substance of the test in
the two provisions to be the same.

166 The respondent submits that I should refuse to enforce the award because
it is tainted by Mr Saiful’s conspiracy with the applicant to defraud the
respondent by offering corrupt gratifications to Mr Taufik and Mr Ong to
procure the contract (see [35] above). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit, para 40.

As the respondent’s counsel put it in his oral submissions, this puts a
“question mark” over the award. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NOA at p 18, lines 11 to 14.

167 The respondent’s argument on this ground is not that a mere allegation of
fraud and corruption suffices to succeed in resisting enforcement under Art
36(1)(b)(ii). Its argument invites me to find as a fact on the balance of
probabilities on the evidence before me in this application that there
actually was fraud and corruption in the formation of the contract. In other
words, the respondent’s third ground fails in limine if I find that Mr Saiful
did not procure the contract by fraud and corruption.

168 Given the serious and contentious nature of the respondent’s allegations,
I decline to make a finding either way on those allegations on affidavit
evidence alone. I prefer to deal with the respondent’s third ground on the
assumption that the facts set out in Mr Saiful’s WeChat messages and affidavit
are true (see [35] above). I therefore assume – taking the respondent’s case
at its highest and without deciding the issue – that the contract was procured
by fraud and corruption.

169 The respondent’s argument is that the scope of Art 36(1)(b)(ii) is not
confined to an issue of Singapore’s public policy which arises from the
conduct of the arbitration or from the contents of the award. The respondent
does not suggest, quite rightly, that there is anything about the arbitration
or the award which can on any view be considered to be contrary to any aspect
of Singapore’s public policy. The respondent’s argument is that an award may
be refused enforcement under Art 36(1)(b)(ii) if an issue of Singapore’s
public policy arises from the parties’ dispute even if the arbitration and the
award are completely consistent with Singapore’s public policy.

170 Applied to the facts of this case, the respondent’s argument is that the
fraud or corruption which I have assumed to exist in the formation of the
parties’ contract in itself suffices to justify refusing enforcement of the
award under Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law.

171 I reject this argument for three reasons. First, there is no authority for
it. Second, this argument undermines the finality of arbitration awards.
Third, this argument undermines the policy of minimal curial intervention.

172 I deal with these three reasons in turn.

No authority

173 It is notable that the respondent cites no direct authority for this
argument. The only indirect authority which the respondent cites is Swiss
Singapore Overseas Enterprises Pte Ltd v Exim Rajathi India Pvt Ltd [2010] 1
SLR 573 (“Swiss Singapore”). 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 24; NOA at p 17, lines 16 to 23.

But the party resisting enforcement in Swiss Singapore did so on the ground
that the claimant had committed perjury and suppressed evidence in the
arbitration out of which the award arose (at [2]). 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NOA at p 17, lines 16 to 23.

The alleged contravention of public policy in Swiss Singapore therefore had
everything to do with the conduct of the arbitration and nothing to do with
the merits of the parties’ substantive dispute. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NOA at p 17, lines 27 to 28.

Swiss Singapore does not assist the respondent, even indirectly.

174 It is not surprising that the respondent can find no authority for this
argument. The conditions in which this argument can even be made, let alone
succeed, are very narrow. Thus, for example, it is very unlikely that a public
policy issue which arises from the parties’ dispute would remain alive to be
raised at the enforcement stage where a Singapore court is asked to enforce an
award arising out of an arbitration conducted with Singapore law as its lex
arbitri in which a Singapore-seated tribunal has resolved the parties’ dispute
by applying Singapore law. That is for the simple reason that any issue of
Singapore’s public policy arising from the parties’ dispute will be an issue
which is accommodated within the principles of Singapore’s substantive law or
its lex arbitri and which will ordinarily be raised and resolved in the
arbitration itself. That would generally preclude the party resisting
enforcement from raising the issue again at the enforcement stage.

175 An issue of Singapore public policy arising from the parties’ dispute
could remain or become a live issue at the enforcement stage primarily in two
situations. One is where the party resisting enforcement was unaware of the
facts giving rise to the issue at the time of the arbitration and therefore
could not have raised it in the arbitration. An example would be a party who
is completely unaware that a contract was procured by fraud or corruption
until after a tribunal has issued its award against it. The second is where
the parties’ dispute is resolved under a substantive law other than Singapore
law or where the award is issued under a lex arbitri other than Singapore’s
lex arbitri. An example would be where the subject-matter of the parties’
dispute is arbitrable under a foreign lex arbitri but is not arbitrable under
Singapore’s lex arbitri. Even then, in both situations, the public policy
issue which remains alive would have to come within the very narrow confines
within which the public policy ground is allowed to operate (see PT Asuransi
Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 at [59]).

176 In these relatively rare circumstances, it is possible that an arbitration
and an award may be completely consistent with Singapore’s public policy but
there remains alive at the enforcement stage an issue of Singapore’s public
policy arising from the parties’ dispute.

177 This is not such a case. It falls into neither of the two situations I
have posited. It is therefore not surprising that the respondent is unable to
find authority to support its argument in a case such as this one.

Finality of awards

178 The respondent’s argument on Art 36(1)(b)(ii) undermines the finality
which s 19B of the Act confers on awards. There is no countervailing
justification for doing so where the party resisting enforcement had the
opportunity to place the issue of Singapore’s public policy before the
arbitrator to be resolved in the arbitration.

179 That is precisely what happened here. Ms Choo’s 23 November 2018 made the
following allegation (see [102] above):

I strongly believe that the buyer is here for some earning but not to claim of
the losses AS I couldn't see the buyer real INTENTION to get into order. I am
not too sure but for references it might at which arrangement of buyer and
Saiful appear into my company into this order. This should be under
investigation but not on the table here.

[all grammatical errors in original]

180 The applicant, no doubt assisted by its direct communication with Ms Choo
after the notice of termination in May 2018 (see [16] above) and before
issuing the notice of arbitration in July 2018 (see [22] above), was able to
decipher this paragraph and understand it, correctly in my view, as an
allegation that the applicant had colluded with Saiful or had conspired with
him to defraud the respondent. The applicant therefore assigned the number “4”
to this paragraph of Ms Choo’s email 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Mr Martin’s affidavit at p 165.

and pleaded to it as follows in paragraph 4 of the applicant’s reply
submission: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Mr Martin’s affidavit at p 163.

Paragraph 4 [of Ms Choo’s 23 November 2018 email] is denied. There is no
collusion and/or conspiracy to defraud [the respondent] between [the
applicant] and Saiful. [The respondent’s] allegations are purely speculative
and are unsubstantiated by evidence. Given that [the respondent concedes] that
their allegations are ‘not on the table here’, it is unclear what purpose this
paragraph serves, other than to colour the Arbitrator’s mind to be prejudiced
against [the applicant]. [The applicant has] a legitimate and genuine claim
for losses, which are set out and particularised at paragraphs 12 – 14 of the
Claim.

181 As a result of Ms Choo’s investigations after receiving the notice of
termination in May 2018 (see [17] above), the respondent knew that there was –
on its case – fraud or corruption in the formation of the contract. Ms Choo
knew this even though she lost contact with Mr Saiful in June 2018. Ms Choo’s
own evidence is that this loss of contact prevented her only from securing
Saiful’s evidence to prove the fraud and corruption, not that it prevented her
from realising the existence of the fraud and corruption. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Ms Choo’s Affidavit at para 37.

Yet, the respondent deliberately chose in its defence in the arbitration, as
set out in Ms Choo’s 23 November 2018 email, not to place the issue of fraud
and corruption in the contract before the arbitrator for her decision. Instead
the respondent chose to reserve this issue expressly for “investigation”
elsewhere. The applicant was therefore perfectly entitled to decline to engage
the respondent on this issue in the arbitration. And the arbitrator obviously
could not decide an issue which both parties withheld from her.

182 The applicant submits that it suffices to dispose of this ground that the
arbitrator dealt in her award with the validity of the contract and expressly
found that it was valid and binding. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Mr Martin’s affidavit at pp 181 to 182 (see [15]–[16] of the award).

The applicant therefore submits that there is a finding of fact and law by the
arbitrator on the validity of the contract which now binds the respondent. I
do not accept the applicant’s submission to the extent that it is a submission
that the award raises a cause of action estoppel which precludes the
respondent from raising the issue of fraud and corruption now. It is true that
the arbitrator found in the award that the parties entered into a valid and
binding contract. But that finding must be read against the pleadings in the
arbitration. For the reasons I have given, those pleadings did not place the
issue of fraud and corruption in the contract before the arbitrator for
determination.

183 Having said that, I accept that the extended doctrine of res judicata
operates on the facts of this case to much the same effect as cause of action
estoppel. Res judicata is a collective term for three distinct but
interrelated principles: (a) cause of action estoppel; (b) issue estoppel; and
(c) the “extended” doctrine of res judicata or the defence of “abuse of
process” (The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV)
and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others,
other parties) and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104 at [98], citing Goh Nellie
v Goh Lian Teck [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“Goh Nellie”) at [17]–[25]). This third
principle is also known as the principle in Henderson v Henderson (1843) 3
Hare 100.

184 The first two of these three interrelated principles apply where an issue
has previously been determined as between the same parties. The third
principle, ie, the extended doctrine of res judicata applies where an issue
has not been raised previously for determination as between the parties but
ought to have been raised (Cheong Soh Chin and others v Eng Chiet Shoong and
others [2018] SGHC 130 at [26] and [32]).

185 I have found that the respondent expressly declined to place the issue of
fraud or corruption in the formation of the contract before the arbitrator for
determination in the arbitration. The applicant and the arbitrator therefore
did not have to deal with the issue and did not in fact deal with the issue.
On the facts of this case, therefore, only the extended doctrine of res
judicata can apply. This requires the court to examine whether, having regard
to the substance and reality of the earlier proceedings (ie, the arbitration),
the issue in question (ie, whether there was fraud and corruption in the
formation of the contract) ought reasonably to have been raised in those
earlier proceedings rather than in the later proceedings (ie, this
application) (see Goh Nellie at [53]).

186 The respondent’s failure to place this issue before the arbitrator
suffices to bring the issue within the extended doctrine of res judicata. The
respondent is precluded from raising the issue of fraud or corruption in the
formation of the contract on this application as a ground for refusing
enforcement of the award in much the same way as a cause of action estoppel
would preclude it from doing so. I therefore agree with the applicant that the
respondent cannot now raise this issue as a ground for refusing enforcement,
albeit for a different reason than that advanced by the applicant.

187 The respondent, having declined to put the issue of fraud and corruption
in the formation of the contract before the arbitrator in the arbitration,
cannot now seek to put the issue before me on this application in order to
resist enforcement on the public policy ground. Any other approach would
undermine the finality which s 19B of the Act confers on the award.

Minimal curial intervention

188 The respondent’s argument on Art 36(1)(b)(ii) also undermines the
principle of minimal curial intervention. The principle is enacted in Art 5 of
the Model Law and is a mainstay of Singapore’s law of arbitration (see AKN and
another v ALC and others and other appeals [2015] 3 SLR 488 at [37]).

189 The public policy ground in Art 36(1)(b)(ii) – and by extension also in
Art 34(2)(b)(ii) – cannot be interpreted so widely that it can routinely be
invoked on an enforcement or setting-aside application by a public policy
issue arising from the parties’ dispute, as opposed to a public policy issue
arising from the arbitration or the award.

190 Where a party could have raised the public policy issue before the
tribunal – or, even worse, did raise it before the tribunal but lost on it –
allowing that party to raise the public policy issue again under Art
36(1)(b)(i) or under Art 34(2)(b)(ii) would amount de facto to creating a new
ground for nullifying an award, in addition to the specific grounds enumerated
in Art 36 of the Model Law. That is prohibited by Art 5 of the Model Law and
the principle of minimal curial intervention.

Conclusion

191 For all the foregoing reasons, I hold that the respondent has failed on
each of the three grounds it has advanced to resist enforcement of the award.
I have therefore dismissed with costs the respondent’s application to set
aside the ex parte order granting the applicant leave to enforce the award.
153

##### Foot Note 153

×

HC/ORC 5177/2019.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Kevin Kwek, Gina Tan and Chong Li Tang (Legal Solutions LLC) for the
applicant;  
Leslie Yeo and Jolene Tan (Sterling Law Corporation) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 12 Aug 2021 (15:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

