Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 192

Originating Summons No 1412 of 2019

Between

| CEQ  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| CER  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building And Construction Law] –– [Building and construction contracts]

[Building And Construction Law] — [Appeal] — [Pending stay of execution]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CEQ

  
v

  

CER

[2020] SGHC 192

High Court — Originating Summons No 1412 of 2019  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
11 June 2020

14 September 2020

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The present application flows from my previous decision in CEQ v CER [2020]
SGHC 70 (“CEQ v CER”) involving the same parties. In that decision, I
dismissed the application to set aside an adjudication determination made
pursuant to the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act
(Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “Act”).

2 The Applicant subsequently applied for a stay of enforcement pending the
appeal of my decision and the disposal of proceedings in the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) arbitration SIAC ARB 429/19. This
further application provided me with an excellent opportunity to examine the
situations in which a stay of enforcement of an adjudication determination
should be granted, as set forth in W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte
Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“W Y Steel Construction”).

3 Having heard the parties, I granted the stay of enforcement. I also ordered
a sum of S$500,000 to be released to the Applicant’s solicitors, to be
utilised towards the Respondent’s legal fees and disbursements in both the
appeal and arbitration. My reasons are as follows.

Background to the application

4 The facts resulting in the dispute are canvassed in detail in CEQ v CER at
[2]–[7]. In essence, the Applicant was the owner and developer of a
residential flat development, for which the Respondent was engaged as the main
contractor. This employment relationship was terminated by the Applicant on 2
March 2017.

5 Over two years later, from 7 March 2019, the Respondent began serving
payment claims on a monthly basis. Of particular relevance to this application
is Payment Claim 25, lodged on 5 August 2019 for the sum of S$3,262,740.23.
This was subject to adjudication determination SOP/AA 318/2019, and was
awarded in part to the Respondent, of a sum of S$1,981,579.50. Following this,
as mentioned at [1]–[2] above, the Applicant then applied to have the
adjudication determination set aside. I dismissed this attempt on 6 April
2020, and the Applicant has filed an appeal against my decision.

Issues to be determined

6 Two issues arise to be determined in this application:

(a) whether a stay of execution of the adjudication determination should be
granted pending appeal and the disposal of proceedings in the arbitration (the
“Stay Issue”); and

(b) if a stay is granted, whether it should be on terms that the Respondent is
granted a partial release of the monies held in court (the “Partial Release
Issue”).

7 I deal with the issues in turn.

The Stay Issue

8 Ordinarily, where an application to set aside an adjudication determination
is refused, that determination will be enforced. The successful claimant will
also be entitled to the adjudication amount that was paid into court pursuant
to s 27(5) of the Act: Lau Fook Hoong Adam v GTH Engineering & Construction
Pte Ltd [2015] 4 SLR 615 at [26]. Notwithstanding this, the court clearly
retains the power to stay the enforcement of such an adjudication
determination. This power flows from the provisional nature of the
adjudication determination, which only provides temporary finality until the
rights of parties are fully and finally determined: W Y Steel Construction at
[60]–[69].

9 In W Y Steel Construction at [70], the Court of Appeal identified that a
stay of an adjudication determination “may ordinarily be justified” where:

(a) there is clear and objective evidence of the successful claimant’s actual
present insolvency; or

(b) the court is satisfied on a balance of probabilities that if the stay were
not granted, the money paid to the claimant would not ultimately be recovered
if the dispute were resolved in the respondent’s favour.

10 I pause to note that the above are alternative situations where a stay
should be granted. In the course of arguments, the Respondent sought to argue
that these situations were two limbs of a test that are “not entirely
disjunctive” – in that the first limb of the test was a “useful indicator” of
whether the second has been fulfilled. I am unable to agree with this
interpretation. I accept that the inquiry under the second situation is
broader in nature and will necessarily encompass instances where the
successful claimant’s actual present insolvency is established. However, where
a party seeking a stay of enforcement is able to produce clear, objective
evidence of the other party’s actual present insolvency, that suffices to give
pause to the enforcement process of the adjudication determination. There is
no need to produce further evidence of the possibility of non-recovery, as the
term “useful indicator” would suggest. Conversely, even where actual present
insolvency is not established, it should remain open to a party seeking a stay
to produce some other evidence to convince the court of its case in accordance
with the second situation above. To hold otherwise would unduly tip the
balance in favour of a successful claimant far beyond what was envisioned by
the Court of Appeal in W Y Steel Construction.

11 To be specific, I do not consider that the second situation espoused by the
Court of Appeal in W Y Steel Construction requires a closed category of
specific financial events to occur or be present before the court grants the
relief of a stay. It ought to be more properly recognised as a guiding
principle that is to be applied in every case that comes before the court: the
court must countenance and ameliorate any potential for impossibility of
recovery by a successful appellant, ie, a respondent who loses at first
instance but succeeds on appeal. This principle must be applied flexibly.
Thus, if a successful claimant is found, at the enforcement stage, to be in
circumstances indicating, for example, a real risk of dissipation of the
disputed funds awarded to it, the court must intervene. The same may be said
if there is any prima facie evidence or suspicion that the claimant had been
using its claim as an abuse of process. A failure to grant a stay in such
circumstances may lead to a miscarriage of justice if the appellant is
subsequently successful on appeal.

12 In this vein, it bears emphasising that these situations are not the only
considerations that the court may have regard to in deciding whether to grant
a stay. Indeed, as the Court of Appeal observed in W Y Steel Construction at
[70]:

… Further, we agree … that a court may properly consider whether the
claimant’s financial distress was, to a significant degree, caused by the
respondent’s failure to pay the adjudicated amount and, also, whether the
claimant was already in a similar state of financial strength or weakness (as
the case may be) at the time the parties entered into their contract.

13 In my view, it is also crucial for the court to take into account whether a
successful claimant requires the adjudicated amounts to sustain its operations
at present. This is an inquiry which centres on the parties’
commercial/financial requirements. This is in line with the purpose of the
Act. As stated by Mr Cedric Foo Chee Keng, then Minister of State for National
Development (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (16 November
2004), vol 78 at col 1112):

The SOP Bill will preserve the rights to payment for work done and goods
supplied of all the parties in the construction industry. It also facilitates
cash flow by establishing a fast and low cost adjudication system to resolve
payment disputes…

14 This point was similarly emphasized by the Court of Appeal in W Y Steel
Construction at [22] as follows:

Statutory adjudication of building and construction disputes takes the concept
one step further. Interim payment claims per se are not granted temporary
finality under the adjudication scheme. Instead, the parties enter into an
expedited and, indeed, an abbreviated process of dispute resolution in which
payment claims and payment responses must be made within the stipulated
deadlines to an adjudicator, who is himself constrained to render a quick
decision. As a species of justice, it is admittedly somewhat roughshod, but it
is fast; and any shortcomings in the process are offset by the fact that the
resultant decision only has temporary finality. The party found to be in
default has to pay the amount which the adjudicator holds to be due (referred
to in the Act as the “adjudicated amount”), but the dispute can be reopened at
a later time and ventilated in another more thorough and deliberate forum.

15 Given that cash is the life blood of those in the building and construction
industry, such practical considerations must come to the fore where successful
claimants are in more urgent need of the claimed sums. Conversely, in
instances where a successful claimant no longer has any operations, or does
not require the adjudicated amounts to keep its operations running, there is a
greater likelihood that the court may grant a stay of enforcement.

16 Turning to the present facts, the Applicant sought to argue that the
Respondents were, at present, insolvent and a shell company. It highlighted
the following in support of its submission:

(a) The Respondent’s directors shared a common address with the main
contractors allegedly awarded the Respondent’s projects.

(b) The registered address of the Respondent was the residential address of a
bankrupt, [name redacted], who had submitted the adjudication application on
behalf of the Respondent.

(c) The Respondent had failed to file any annual returns since 2014.

(d) There have been multiple changes of directors and shareholders in the
Respondent.

(e) The Respondent has only filed one financial statement in court,
purportedly for the financial year ending June 2019.

(f) The contracts exhibited by the Respondent as proof of projects awarded to
them have not in fact been performed by the Respondent. In particular, the
Applicant pointed to the following projects:

(i) Three subcontracts in relation to the [name redacted] Project awarded by
[name redacted] (“Project A”). Recent images of Project A indicate that the
building works are all but completed, and that the slated Temporary Occupation
Permit date of the project was in April 2020.

(ii) A project at [address redacted] (“Project B”). Recent images of Project
B, taken in March 2020, indicate that no works have been carried out since
March 2019.

(iii) A project at [address redacted] (“Project C”). Photographs over a three
period of Project C show that no work was carried out, with photographs in
March 2020 showing that the work site is abandoned. Further, the Respondents
only exhibited invoices that were allegedly digitally signed together, with
cheques purportedly issued as payment. The issuer of the cheques, however,
filed an affidavit that the cheques were never encashed but returned, with
cash paid in exchange.

(iv) A project at [address redacted] (“Project D”). Again, photographs taken
in March 2020 show that no work has been carried out.

17 In response, the Respondent argued that it is a going concern, with ongoing
work and receivables. In support of this submission, it chose to focus on
Project A, highlighting the following:

(a) The employer of the project, a joint venture comprising [names redacted],
has agreed to make direct payments to the Respondent. One such payment had
already been received in May 2020, as shown from a bank credit advice and
notification dated 25 May 2020.

(b) The photographs exhibited by the Applicant do not prove that the works
have been substantially completed, or that these are even photographs of the
correct site.

(c) The document upon which the Applicant relies to show that the completion
date was in April 2020 is insufficient. The document is merely a schedule,
indicating that completion was intended to be achieved by April 2020. Further,
it is unclear whether April 2020 was the contractual completion date or an
actual completion date, taking into account scheduling revisions and
extensions of time.

18 I agree with the Respondent that the evidence adduced is insufficient to
establish its actual present insolvency, as required at [9(a)] above.
Nevertheless, I find that Applicant has satisfied the threshold required for a
stay to be granted.

19 The Respondent has, at every turn, acted evasively in proving its viability
as a company. This in turn affects its ability to prove that money paid out to
it will be recoverable in the event that the Applicant succeeds on appeal. It
is notable that the Respondent has chosen to largely remain silent in the face
of the numerous, serious allegations levelled against it by the Applicant. As
can be seen at [17] above, even when given the opportunity to respond, it
chose to focus its response solely on Project A, ignoring the rest. Its reason
for doing so is that, in its view, the works carried out in Project A and the
value therein are sufficient to show that the Respondent is a going concern.
With respect, however, the existence of a contract or correspondence with the
main contract do not go that far in meeting the Applicant’s assertion that
work has not been done on the project. The bank credit advice and notification
that the Respondent has adduced is similarly insufficient to convince me of
its ongoing business, for it does not reveal anything about the work that has
been done or when the work was done.

20 Critically, even in its response on Project A, the Respondent did not
produce a shred of positive evidence in its favour. Instead, it elected to go
about arguing that the Applicant’s documents and photographs were
insufficient. This begs the question of why it has chosen to do so, given that
it can easily clear up any confusion by adducing recent photographs of the
site and/or documents showing the accurate completion date.

21 The simplest way in which the Respondent can prove that it has ongoing work
and receivables would be to adduce evidence of its bank account and the
relevant transactions before the court. In the event that it is unable to do
so for valid reasons, the Respondent could simply state those reasons on
affidavit. Not only was this a point that I had made repeatedly to the
Respondent, I had given ample opportunity to it to provide the evidence or
explanation. Despite this, it stubbornly maintains its position and repeatedly
refuses to either disclose the information or to even explain its refusal to
do so.

22 Instead, the Respondent sought to rely on the English case of Farrelly (M &
E) Building Services Ltd v Byrne Bros (Formwork) Ltd [2013] Bus LR 1413
(“Farrelly”), for the proposition that “there is no general obligation on a
party when seeking enforcement to disclose to the other party confidential
information of its financial and business position so that the other party can
consider whether there are grounds for applying for a stay of any judgement”
(see Farrelly at [91]). This argument, however, quite simply misses the point.
The issue is not whether the Respondent has any obligation to disclose the
information. Rather, if it chooses not to do so, or indeed provide any
explanation as to why it does not disclose, then it fails to convince the
court that it has any ongoing business or receivables. Further, the
proposition in Farrelly relates to disclosure to another party in the
proceedings. In such instances, it is understandable that one may desire to
keep information confidential vis-à-vis others in the industry. Such
considerations do not apply here.

23 The absence of evidence of the Respondent’s ongoing business also goes
towards the observation I made at [13]–[15] above. That is, without any
ongoing business or the need for cash, the purpose of ensuring timely payments
of adjudication sums under Act is no longer engaged. There is no pressing need
in this case for the Respondent to be paid the adjudication sums, and granting
a stay of enforcement will not in any way detrimentally affect it.

The Partial Release Issue

24 Finally, having found that a stay of enforcement should be granted, I was
urged by the Respondent to grant it on terms that the Respondent should
receive a partial release of the sums held in court. In its submission, this
is necessary to fund the SIAC arbitration against the Applicant and the appeal
against my decision in CEQ v CER.

25 Although this is the second time the Respondent has made such an
application, I accept that that previous tranche of money released had already
been utilised. In such circumstances, to prevent the Respondent from unlocking
a further part of its fruits of adjudication in order to pursue the
arbitration connected to the monies and the appeal will be highly unjust.

26 Accordingly, I grant the stay with a partial release of S$500,000 of the
sums held in court solely for the purpose of legal fees in pursuing the
arbitration and the appeal.

Conclusion

27 For the reasons given, I allowed the application and granted the stay of
enforcement of the adjudication determination. I also ordered a sum of
$500,000 to be released to the Applicant’s solicitors, to be utilised towards
the Respondent’s legal fees and disbursements in both the appeal and
arbitration.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Ng Hweelon and Valliappan Subramaniam (Veritas Law Corporation)

for the applicant;  
Chong Chi Chuin Christopher, Kelvin Teo and Josh Samuel Tan Wensu (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

