Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGCA 65

Civil Appeal No 209 of 2019

Between

Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Hilton International Manage (Maldives) Pvt Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of HC/Originating Summons No 762 of 2017

In the matter of Section 19 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap. 143A)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Order 69A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,R5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of an ICC arbitration between Hilton International Manage
(Maldives) Pvt Ltd and Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd  
---  
  
Between

Hilton International Manage (Maldives) Pvt Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgments and Orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd

  
v

  

Hilton International Manage (Maldives) Pvt Ltd

[2020] SGCA 65

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 209 of 2019  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Chao Hick Tin SJ  
6 July 2020

6 July 2020

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd v Hilton International Manage (Maldives) Pvt
Ltd [2019] SGHC 291 (“the GD”), which affirmed the decision of the learned
Assistant Registrar (“the AR”). The Judge granted leave to appeal to this
court as the application for leave to appeal “was not seriously resisted [by
the respondent] as such” (see the GD at [46]). The Judge was also “satisfied
that leave should be granted on the basis that there were questions of
importance for which a Court of Appeal pronouncement or guidance would be
useful” (see ibid).

2 As will be seen in the grounds that follow, the Judge had correctly
identified all the reasons which supported his decision. We agree wholly with
them and, consequently, the decision he arrived at; the present judgment can
therefore be brief. The detailed facts and background to this appeal may be
found in the GD itself at [2]–[8].

Background and issue

3 The principal issue turned upon the interpretation of O 48 r 1(1) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“O 48 r 1(1)”), which pertains to
examination of judgment debtor (“EJD”) proceedings. O 48 r 1(1) itself reads
as follows:

Order for examination of judgment debtor (O. 48, r.1)

1.—(1) Where a person has obtained a judgment or order for the payment by some
other person (referred to in this Order as the judgment debtor) of money, the
Court may, on an application made by ex parte summons supported by affidavit
in Form 99 by the person entitled to enforce the judgment or order, order the
judgment debtor, or, if the judgment debtor is a body corporate, an officer
thereof, to attend before the Registrar, and be orally examined on whatever
property the judgment debtor has and wheresoever situated, and the Court may
also order the judgment debtor or officer to produce any books or documents in
the possession of the judgment debtor relevant to the questions aforesaid at
the time and place appointed for the examination. [emphasis added in bold
italics]

4 The respondent had applied for as well as obtained leave to enforce awards
obtained in arbitration proceedings (“the Awards”) in Singapore. A judgment
was granted (“the Singapore Judgment”), which then formed the basis of the EJD
proceedings that are the subject of the present appeal. In particular,
pursuant to the EJD proceedings, a number of questions in the form of a
questionnaire had been directed to an officer of the appellant, in preparation
for the oral examination of the said officer. The appellant objected to some
of the questions which fell within two categories. The first category
concerned assets of corporate entities related to the appellant or the said
officer. There is no appeal against either the AR’s decision or the Judge’s
decision vis-à-vis this particular category of questions.

5 The second category of questions related to assets of the appellant located
in the Maldives. These questions were permitted by both the AR and the Judge,
notwithstanding the fact that the Awards could not have been enforced in the
Maldives at the time (there is an appeal pending against the decision of the
Maldivian court which had decided the same). The present appeal is with regard
to the decision of the Judge vis-à-vis this particular category of questions.

6 Put simply, the main thrust of the appellant’s argument in this appeal is
that the language of O 48 r 1(1) and of Form 99 of the Rules of Court (“Form
99”), considered together with this court’s decision in PT Bakrie Investindo v
Global Distressed Alpha Fund I Ltd Partnership [2013] 4 SLR 1116 (“PT
Bakrie”), meant that the Rules of Court permit questions as part of the EJD
proceedings only if the judgment concerned (here, the Singapore Judgment)
could be enforced in the foreign jurisdiction itself (here, the Maldives). The
appellant also cited the AR’s decision in Indian Overseas Bank v Sarabjit
Singh [1990] 3 MLJ xxxi (“IOB”) in support of its argument.

Our decision

7 With respect, there is, in fact, a fundamental flaw in the underlying
premise of the appellant’s argument – it presupposes that questions pursuant
to the EJD proceedings can be asked with regard to assets within a particular
jurisdiction (here, the Maldives) only if the judgment creditor (here, the
respondent) can satisfy the court that the judgment concerned (here, the
Singapore Judgment) can be enforced within that jurisdiction (here, the
Maldives). The underlying premise, in other words, is that the purpose of the
EJD process relates only to enforcement of judgments within the jurisdiction
in which the assets reside and that, therefore, if the judgment creditor
cannot satisfy the court that the judgment concerned can, in fact, be enforced
in that particular jurisdiction, then questions asked pursuant to the EJD
process cannot pass legal muster and thus cannot be permitted.

8 Even a cursory look at the language of O 48 r 1(1) (in particular, the
phrase “whatever property the judgment debtor has and wheresoever situated”
(emphasised in the Order which has been reproduced above at [3]) demonstrates
that the purpose of the EJD process is not restricted to the enforcement of
judgments within the jurisdiction in which the relevant assets reside. As the
Judge clearly stated more than once in the GD, the EJD process is for the
central purpose of information gathering on the part of the judgment creditor
so as to determine how it might enforce the judgment (see the GD at [20], as
well as at [26], [34] –[37]). This makes sense from a practical perspective,
especially in the context of the world as we know it today. In particular,
with, inter alia, the advent of technology, assets can be moved with ease
across international borders; in particular, funds can be transferred almost
instantaneously. The physical location of a judgment debtor’s assets, whilst
important, can be changed almost in the blink of an eye. In this regard, the
Judge noted (and accepted, rightly in our view) the respondent’s argument, as
follows (see the GD at [30]):

As was argued by the respondent, information would be useful even if execution
is not possible in the current location of the appellant’s assets (ie, the
Maldives) as the assets may be moved, converted into other assets or generate
income. These could lead to other assets of funds against which execution is
available. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

9 Indeed, information becomes of the first importance. This was a point that
did not escape the notice of the Judge who observed thus (see the GD at [35]):

The EJD process is only about gathering information so that the judgment
creditor may determine how enforcement should be pursued. Questions irrelevant
to this should certainly be excluded, but it is not irrelevant to determine
where assets may be situated, even if the judgment is not enforceable in one
jurisdiction. In this day and age, assets can certainly be almost anywhere in
the world, and enforcement may be pursued in different fori. Limiting the EJD
process as the appellant contended would be far too restrictive. [emphasis in
italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics and underlined bold
italics]

10 In summary, the fundamental flaw in the underlying premise of the
appellant’s argument is that it has conflated the concept of information
gathering pursuant to the EJD process with the concept of the actual
enforcement of the relevant judgment abroad (see also the GD at [36] and [35],
where the Judge observed that the appellant’s argument “elided the information
gathering process with the actual enforcement process” [emphasis added]). This
is not to state that there can be no overlap between information gathering on
the one hand and the actual enforcement process on the other. However, it is
clear that the former is broader in scope than the latter.

11 As already noted, the concept of information gathering that is embodied in
the EJD process is supported by the language of O 48 r 1(1) itself. We also
agree with the Judge that there is nothing in Form 99 that detracts from this
analysis. The language in Form 99 itself is neutral at best (see also the GD
at [24]) and, in any event, O 48 r 1(1) is the “control centre” or governing
provision and cannot be read as being subject to what is merely the prescribed
form to facilitate its operation under this Order (see also the GD at [23]).
We add that this particular construction of the language of O 48 r 1(1) is not
mere arid literalism but (as noted above at [8]) is consistent with the
purpose of the EJD process in relation to information gathering.

12 In so far as the relevant case law is concerned, it is clear that the
approach that the Judge adopted (and which we have endorsed) is wholly
consistent with our decision in PT Bakrie as well as the decision of the AR in
Pacific Harbor Advisors Pte Ltd and another v Tiny Tantono (representative of
the estate of Lim Susanto, deceased) and another suit [2015] SGHCR 3 (“Pacific
Harbor”). In particular (and as the Judge pointed out (see the GD at [28])),
our decision in PT Bakrie emphasises that EJD proceedings relate to
information gathering and do not involve execution of the judgment concerned.
While the fact situation in PT Bakrie was somewhat different, the general
principle that can be drawn from the case itself is as we have just stated. As
the Judge also noted (see the GD at [29]), Pacific Harbor is also consistent
with the approach just mentioned. The only authority which supports the
appellant’s case is that of the AR in IOB. To the extent that it is
inconsistent with our decision, it should not be followed.

13 Consistent with our analysis, like the Judge (see the GD at [42]), we are
of the view that whether or not there is a possibility that the Singapore
Judgment could be enforced in the Maldives is immaterial and irrelevant to the
outcome of the present appeal.

14 A caveat is necessary at this juncture: information gathering pursuant to
the EJD process is not a licence for a fishing expedition (which was one of
the concerns raised by the appellant). Whether or not this is the case will
depend on the precise facts and circumstances before the court. In this
regard, the Judge observed as follows (see the GD at [38]):

I accepted that the information gathering process could not be so broad as to
capture past assets, though there may be some possible connection to the
availability of present assets. The respondent here did not make such an
argument. It is necessary that the information obtained should not be too
remote or divorced from eventual enforcement; the possibility of movement and
identification of other assets or funds that may be available, is sufficiently
closely connected. I did not think that there was anything to be gained by
attempting to formulate a precise rule on the limits of questions which can be
asked in EJD proceedings in relation to foreign assets: the observations of
Reyes J in Bloomsbury International Ltd v Nouvelle Foods (Hong Kong) Ltd
[2005] 1 HKC 337 at [75], and cited in Pacific Harbor, commend themselves:

There must be some line beyond which a creditor examining under O 48 may not
tread. That line cannot be drawn with precision. It is undesirable fully to
articulate its boundaries. That would needlessly constrain the flexibility
inherent in O 48.

15 We agree wholly with the observations just quoted. While legal principles
can – and ought to be – articulated as clearly and coherently as possible, the
fact situations to which they are at least potentially applicable are myriad.
The process of applying the relevant legal principles to any given fact
situation cannot be the subject of a coherent predictive formula. This is both
logical and commonsensical. The ultimate decision arrived at by the court
concerned will (to reiterate the fundamental point already made) depend on the
precise facts and circumstances of the case at hand.

16 We also deal with the appellant’s argument (raised in the High Court but
not, correctly in our view, on appeal) that it would be against comity in
requiring the questions concerned to be answered as there was an existing
Maldivian judgment refusing enforcement of the Awards in the Maldives. We can
do no better than to quote the Judge’s reasons as to why comity was not
threatened, as follows (see the GD at [41]):

But these arguments on comity failed simply because comity was not threatened:
the EJD proceedings only concerned the gathering of information, and did not
by themselves constitute enforcement of the Singapore Judgment. It was hard to
see how any impact could be felt in the Maldivian Action that would amount to
interference or a disregard for the orders of the Maldivian court within its
territory, whether or not any delay has been caused. The present proceedings
and orders, did not clash at all with the Maldivian refusal to enforce the
Awards.

17 Finally, we also think it important to highlight that accepting the
appellant’s submission would produce a number of undesirable implications from
a practical perspective. For instance, the issue of the enforceability of a
Singapore judgment in a foreign jurisdiction is one that must necessarily be
determined by a competent foreign court. For a Singapore court to pre-
emptively decide whether a Singapore judgment is enforceable in a foreign
jurisdiction before a foreign court has to consider the issue, or, for that
matter, after the foreign court has decided the issue, could result in
inconsistent decisions across the two jurisdictions. Indeed, these would be
clear examples of a breach of comity. Equally important is the position of a
judgment creditor, who, at the time it seeks an EJD order, has not received
satisfaction of the judgment debt. Permitting the judgment debtor to escape
scrutiny of its assets on the basis that a Singapore judgment is not, at the
material time, enforceable in the foreign jurisdiction, would serve as a
perverse incentive for the judgment debtor to transfer its assets to the
foreign jurisdiction in order to escape the necessary scrutiny that is
inherent in an EJD proceeding (in this regard, see the observations by the
Hong Kong Court of First Instance in Bloomsbury International Ltd v Nouvelle
Foods (Hong Kong) Ltd [2005] 1 HKC 337 at [107] that “because the [judgment]
debtor has committed a wrong in failing to pay, the Court must not be overly
solicitous in his favour”).

Conclusion

18 For the reasons set out above, we dismiss the appeal. We will now hear the
parties on costs.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Chao Hick Tin  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Senior Judge

Jenny Tsin, Ho Wei Jie and Wang Chen Yan (WongPartnership LLP) for the
appellant;

Toby Landau QC (Essex Court Chambers Duxton (Singapore Group Practice))
(instructed), Paul Tan, Alessa Pang and David Isidore Tan (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

