Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 208

Originating Summons No 980 of 2018

Between

Republic of India

… Plaintiff

And

Vedanta Resources plc

… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Arbitration] — [Confidentiality] — [Documents]

[Arbitration] — [Confidentiality] — [Evidence used in other proceedings]

[Arbitration] — [Interlocutory order or direction] — [Court’s power]

[Arbitration] — [Arbitral tribunal] — [Competence]

[Arbitration] — [Conduct of arbitration] — [Preliminary issues]

[Arbitration] — [Declaratory relief]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Republic of India

  

v

  

Vedanta Resources plc

[2020] SGHC 208

High Court — Originating Summons 980 of 2018

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
21 February; 4, 7 October 2019, 24 February 2020

8 October 2020

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 Singapore’s arbitration law imposes a general obligation on the parties to
an arbitration to keep the documents and proceedings in that arbitration
confidential. Does this general obligation of confidentiality extend to all
species of arbitration? In particular, does this general obligation extend to
an investment-treaty arbitration? And if a party to an arbitration puts this
question of law to the tribunal in an investment-treaty arbitration and
receives an answer it does not like, can that party put the question again to
a Singapore court in an application for declaratory relief? These are the
principal questions raised by the application before me.

2 The plaintiff in this application is the Republic of India, a sovereign
state. The defendant is a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Deepak Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at para 1

The plaintiff and the defendant are now the respondent and the claimant
respectively in an investment-treaty arbitration seated in Singapore. For
convenience, I will refer to it this arbitration as the Vedanta Arbitration.
The plaintiff is also the respondent in a related but separate investment-
treaty arbitration seated in the Netherlands. The claimants in that separate
arbitration are members of the Cairn Group of companies. I shall therefore
refer to those claimants as Cairn, and to that arbitration as the Cairn
Arbitration.

3 By this application, the plaintiff seeks two declarations as to Singapore’s
arbitration law. The declarations are intended to pave the way for the
plaintiff to cross-disclose documents between the Vedanta Arbitration and the
Cairn Arbitration. The two declarations are framed as follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Dr Rishi Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at paras 5 and 22

(a) a declaration that documents disclosed or generated in the Vedanta
Arbitration are not “confidential or private”; and

(b) a declaration that the plaintiff will not breach any obligation of
confidentiality or privacy if it were to disclose for the purposes of the
Cairn Arbitration any of the documents which were disclosed or generated in
the Vedanta Arbitration.

4 The plaintiff seeks these two declarations both cumulatively and in the
alternative. The plaintiff seeks the first declaration to establish that the
general obligation of confidentiality in Singapore’s arbitration law does not
extend to investment-treaty arbitration. If the plaintiff succeeds on the
first declaration, the second declaration follows automatically, as it does no
more than declare the effect of applying the first general declaration to the
specific case of the Vedanta Arbitration. But if the first declaration fails,
the second declaration does not automatically fall away. The plaintiff still
seeks the second declaration in order to establish that cross-disclosure
between the two arbitrations comes within an exception to the general
obligation established on the first declaration. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p6(20) to 6(22)

It is therefore necessary to consider both declarations in turn.

5 The defendant raises a preliminary question on the plaintiff’s application.
Its submission is that the application should be dismissed in limine because
it amounts to an abuse of the process of the court or a collateral attack on a
decision of the Vedanta tribunal, principally because the Vedanta tribunal has
already decided – upon the plaintiff’s own application – that that the general
obligation of confidentiality in Singapore’s arbitration extends to
investment-treaty arbitration. In the alternative, if it fails on the
preliminary question, the defendant submits that the court should not exercise
its discretion to grant the declaratory relief which the plaintiff now seeks.

6 I have answered the preliminary question in favour of the plaintiff. I do
not consider that the plaintiff’s application to be either an abuse of process
or an impermissible collateral attack on any decision of the Vedanta tribunal.
But I have declined to exercise my discretion to grant the plaintiff the
declaratory relief which it seeks, principally because I do not consider the
declaratory relief to be either necessary or justified in the circumstances of
this case.

7 I have accordingly dismissed the plaintiff’s application. The plaintiff has
appealed against my decision. I now set out my reasons.

Background facts

The Cairn Group restructuring

8 In 2006, a group of companies known as the Cairn Group restructured its
Indian assets. As part of that restructuring, a British company known as Cairn
UK Holdings Ltd (“CUHL”) transferred most of those assets to an Indian company
known as Cairn India Limited (“CIL”). The Cairn Group carried out the
restructuring by having CIL undergo an initial public offering (“IPO”) in
India and then use the proceeds to acquire the Cairn Group’s Indian assets
from CUHL through a series of share purchases and share swaps.

9 The plaintiff’s position has always been that this restructuring is a tax
abusive transaction and that the resulting capital gain of about US$3.9bn in
CUHL’s hands has been subject to Indian capital gains tax from 2006.

India issues assessment orders

10 Under Indian revenue law, the plaintiff is entitled to recover the tax
which it claims to be due either from CUHL as a capital gains tax or from CIL
as a withholding tax. In any event, neither company has paid the tax. The
plaintiff has accordingly treated both CUHL and CIL as assessees-in-default
since 2006. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Dr Rishi Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at para 13

11 In 2011, the Cairn Group sold 100% of CIL to the defendant and its group of
companies.

12 In 2015, the Indian revenue authorities issued a tax assessment order
against CUHL and another against CIL (the “Assessment Orders”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Dr Rishi Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at para 14

Commencement of the arbitrations

13 The Vedanta Arbitration and the Cairn Arbitration are the direct result of
the Assessment Orders. The two arbitrations have a number of common features.
Both arbitrations arise from the same underlying transaction. Both are brought
under the bilateral investment treaty (“BIT”) known as the Agreement between
the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for the Promotion and Protection
of Investments signed on 14 March 1994 (“India-UK BIT”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Dr Rishi Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at para 4

Both are administered by the Permanent Court of Arbitration (“PCA”). Both are
conducted in accordance with the United Nations Commission on International
Trade Law Arbitration Rules 1976 (“UNCITRAL Rules”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Dr Rishi Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at para 4

14 But, because CIL changed ownership in 2011, after the plaintiff alleges
that the tax liability arose, the two arbitrations were commenced separately
and have proceeded along different paths before different tribunals in
different seats.

15 Cairn commenced arbitration against the plaintiff first, in September 2015.
The Cairn Arbitration is seated in the Netherlands. Cairn’s case is that the
Assessment Order against CUHL is contrary to CUHL’s legitimate expectations in
2006 that the Cairn Group’s restructuring that year did not attract any
liability for capital gains tax under Indian revenue law. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Dr Rishi Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at para 15

16 The defendant commenced arbitration against the plaintiff in November 2015.
The Vedanta Arbitration is seated in Singapore. The defendant’s case in the
arbitration is that it had a legitimate expectation in 2011 that the Cairn
Group’s restructuring in 2006 had not attracted any tax liability on a capital
gain in the hands of CUHL.

The Arbitral Tribunals issue procedural orders

17 Because both arbitrations arise from the same underlying transaction and
under the same BIT, the plaintiff is concerned about the risk of inconsistent
findings by the two tribunals. Inconsistent findings are not only a
possibility on the merits of the parties’ disputes 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Dr Rishi Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at para 19

but also on jurisdictional issues common to both arbitrations. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Dr Rishi Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at para 48

The plaintiff’s position is that, in order to mitigate this risk, a regime is
needed in both arbitrations to permit cross-disclosure of documents between
the two arbitrations.

18 This application arises out of the plaintiff’s efforts to put such a regime
in place in both arbitrations. The background to this application therefore
requires an examination of four of the many procedural orders in both
arbitrations: one procedural order issued in the Cairn Arbitration and three
issued in the Vedanta Arbitration. I now summarise these four procedural
orders.

Cairn Arbitration Procedural Order No. 10

19 In September 2017, on the plaintiff’s application, the Cairn tribunal
issued Procedural Order No. 10 (“CPO 10”). CPO 10 set out the Cairn tribunal’s
cross-disclosure regime. CPO 10 allows cross-disclosure with the consent of
the opposing party or with the permission of the tribunal.

20 One of the premises of CPO 10 is that the parties to an investment-treaty
arbitration are subject to no general obligation of confidentiality under the
law of the Netherlands as the Cairn Arbitration’s lex arbitri. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-3, Tab 9, para 38

As a result, CPO 10 is premised on a regime of open document disclosure. It
therefore includes express language that the Cairn tribunal will uphold
objections to disclosure only rarely. In particular, in describing a party’s
right to object to disclosure, CPO 10 provides as follows at para 24(b): 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-3, Tab 12, para 24(b)

Within seven business days … the other Party may raise objections to such a
disclosure, redact any sensitive information, or specify any special
confidentiality requirements relative to the [Vedanta Arbitration] (for
instance, the requirement that Vedanta agree to keep the documents
confidential), it being understood that any such objections or redactions
would need to be well-justified and would constitute a rare exception to the
principle of open document disclosures. The Tribunal shall be copied in this
correspondence.

[emphasis added]

Vedanta Arbitration Procedural Order No. 3

21 In May 2018, also on the plaintiff’s application, the Vedanta tribunal
issued Procedural Order No. 3 (“VPO 3”). VPO 3 is the Vedanta tribunal’s
analogue of CPO 10. VPO 3, like CPO 10, allows cross-disclosure with the
consent of the opposing party or with the permission of the tribunal. VPO 3,
however, proceeds on a slightly different premise to CPO 10.

22 One of the premises of VPO 3 is that the parties to an investment-treaty
arbitration are subject to a general obligation of confidentiality under
Singapore law as the Vedanta Arbitration’s lex arbitri. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 25 at para 65

The Vedanta tribunal nevertheless held in VPO 3 that the general obligation of
confidentiality under Singapore law is subject to an exception which permits
the tribunal to consider cross-disclosure on a case-by-case basis. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 25 at para 67

The Vedanta tribunal preferred a case-by-case approach to the approach
advocated by the plaintiff, which would have given the parties a general
licence to make cross-disclosures. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p16(14) to 17(6)

23 Consistent with these holdings, paras 129.3 and 129.4 of VPO 3 set out the
general rule and then the exception: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 25 at p32

129.3 The Parties shall not make public, in part or in whole, any other
document submitted, produced or created in connection with this proceeding,
including but not limited to the Notice of Arbitration, the Response to the
Notice of Arbitration, the Statement of Claim, the Statement of Defence, any
other written applications, statements, submissions and/or memorials, any and
all witness statements and expert reports, all documentary exhibits, the
transcripts of hearings and all procedural correspondence.

129.4 The Parties are at liberty to apply (supported by brief reasons) for the
disclosure of any specific, identified document to the Cairn Arbitration,
after having first consulted the other Party with a view to reach a mutual
agreement on such disclosure and/or any redactions. If a Party makes
frivolous, unnecessary, and/or excessive requests for cross-disclosures or if
the other Party unreasonably or unjustifiably withholds its consent to a
request for cross-disclosure, the Tribunal will take such conduct into account
in the allocation of costs, at the appropriate stage of the arbitration.

[emphasis in original]

24 The cross-disclosure regime in VPO 3 is quite similar to that in CPO 10
(see [19] above). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p16(14) to 17(6)

Both regimes eschew a general licence to both parties to make cross-disclosure
in favour of a case-by-case approach. Both regimes thus require a party
seeking to make cross-disclosure, in the event of opposition, to apply to the
tribunal for permission to make the cross-disclosure. The sole difference
between CPO 10 and VPO 3 is who carries the burden on any such application.
Cross-disclosure under CPO 10 takes place within what the Cairn tribunal found
to be the general rule. The burden in an application under CPO 10 therefore
lies on the party opposing cross-disclosure. Cross-disclosure under VPO 3, on
the other hand, takes place within what the Vedanta Tribunal found to be an
exception to the general rule. The burden in an application under VPO 3
therefore lies on the party seeking cross-disclosure.

Vedanta Arbitration Procedural Order No. 6

25 In May 2018, the plaintiff applied to the Vedanta tribunal under VPO 3 for
permission to make cross-disclosure of three categories of documents: (a) a
decision issued by the Vedanta tribunal in December 2017 rejecting some of the
plaintiff’s jurisdictional objections (“the DPO”); (b) memorials and materials
related to that decision, with the accompanying evidence; and (c) the
transcripts of the arguments leading to the that decision.

26 In June 2018, the Vedanta tribunal issued Procedural Order No. 6 (“VPO 6”)
determining the plaintiff’s application. VPO 6 permitted cross-disclosure of
the DPO subject to redaction as agreed between the parties. But the tribunal
rejected cross-disclosure of the other two categories of documents as lacking
specificity 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 27 at para 40

and being too wide. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 27 at para 34

In the event, the parties were unable to agree on the redactions to the DPO.
So even the DPO has yet to be cross-disclosed. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Deepak Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at paras 36 and 37

27 The plaintiff now lists, in a schedule to the application before me, the
DPO as well as fourteen specific documents said to fall within the two
rejected categories in VPO 6. The purpose of the schedule is to set out a non-
exhaustive list of documents which the plaintiff is inviting the court to
declare under the second declaration (see [3(b)] above) it may cross-disclose
without breaching any obligation of confidentiality or privacy.

Vedanta Arbitration Procedural Order No. 7

28 In August 2018, the plaintiff applied urgently in the Vedanta Arbitration
under VPO 3 for permission to cross-disclose into the Cairn Arbitration a
section of a transcript in the Vedanta Arbitration recording the parties’
submissions on jurisdiction. The plaintiff submitted that the purpose of
cross-disclosure was to show the Cairn tribunal that Vedanta and Cairn – at
that time represented in the two arbitrations by the same senior advocate from
the Indian bar – were taking inconsistent positions in the two arbitrations on
the same issue of Indian constitutional law. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Deepak Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at p205

29 In September 2018, the Vedanta tribunal issued Procedural Order No. 7 (“VPO
7”) rejecting the plaintiff’s application. It held that cross-disclosure was
not warranted because there was nothing remarkable about a single advocate
acting on different instructions for different clients in different
arbitrations taking different positions, even on the same issue of law. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Deepak Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at p213, para 23

30 In August 2018, while waiting for the Vedanta tribunal to issue VPO 7, the
plaintiff filed this application. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Dr Rishi Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at para 59

The preliminary question

The parties’ cases on the preliminary question

31 The defendant’s case on the preliminary question is as follows. The
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”), by s 3(1),
gives the force of law in Singapore to the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration (the “Model Law”) as set out in the First Schedule of
the IAA. The IAA and the Model Law make the plaintiff’s application both an
abuse of process of the court and a collateral attack on the Vedanta
tribunal’s decisions in the VPOs. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Deepak Kumar’s 2nd Affidavit at para 6

The plaintiff’s application is an abuse of process because the Model Law
prohibits a court from intervening in an arbitration on procedural matters,
whether by granting declarations or otherwise. It is a collateral attack
because the application seeks impermissibly to nullify, undermine or
circumvent the VPOs. It is, in substance, an appeal against them. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Deepak Kumar’s 2nd Affidavit at para 7

On either or both grounds, this application ought to be dismissed. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 49

32 The plaintiff responds as follows. This application is not an abuse of
process because nothing in the IAA or the Model Law takes away this court’s
broad power to grant declarations under the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) and under O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2014 Rev Ed). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions at para 48

Even the defendant does not suggest that the court lacks the jurisdiction to
grant the declaratory relief which the plaintiff seeks. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Notes of Argument, 4 October 2019, p56(27) to 57(9)

The application is not a collateral attack because it does not ask the court
to reverse or overrule any decision of the Vedanta tribunal. The application
merely asks the court to make authoritative declarations of Singapore law. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p38(10) to 38(14)

There is nothing impermissible about that. The declarations could certainly
provide the plaintiff a basis on which to ask the Vedanta tribunal to
reconsider or revise the VPOs. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p38(10) to 38(14)

But that too is not impermissible. The VPOs are merely procedural orders and
carry no finality. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p68(32) to 69(6) and 75(28) to 75(31)

33 In analysing the defendant’s arguments on the preliminary question, I
consider it appropriate first to make some general observations on the nature
of procedural orders in arbitration before analysing the defendant’s arguments
in detail.

The nature of a procedural order

A tribunal is the master of its own procedure

34 It is common ground between the parties that the VPOs are procedural
orders.

35 Article 19 of the Model Law gives a tribunal its procedural powers, subject
only to the parties’ agreement and the Model Law itself:

Article 19. Determination of rules of procedure

(1) Subject to the provisions of this Law, the parties are free to agree on
the procedure to be followed by the arbitral tribunal in conducting the
proceedings.

(2) Failing such agreement, the arbitral tribunal may, subject to the
provisions of this Law, conduct the arbitration in such manner as it considers
appropriate. The power conferred upon the arbitral tribunal includes the power
to determine the admissibility, relevance, materiality and weight of any
evidence.

36 Article 19(2) of the Model Law is cast in wide terms: “in such manner as it
considers appropriate”. This is deliberate. Article 19(2) was intended
specifically to enable a tribunal to display initiative in procedural matters
which were not otherwise agreed or regulated (see para 35 of the Explanatory
Note by the UNCITRAL Secretariat on the 1985 Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration as amended in 2006 (UNCITRAL, 2008)).

37 In addition to the parties’ agreement and the Model Law, a tribunal’s
mastery of its own procedure is also subject to mandatory procedural norms
under the lex arbitri. As Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) held in Anwar
Siraj and another v Ting Kang Chung and another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 287 at
[41]–[42]:

The arbitrator is, subject to any procedure otherwise agreed between the
parties as applying to the arbitration in question, master of his own
procedure and has a wide discretionary power to conduct the arbitration
proceedings in the way he sees fit, so long as what he is doing is not
manifestly unfair or contrary to natural justice (see the Handbook of
Arbitration Practice (3rd Ed, 1998)). …

It is therefore plain that the Court’s supervisory role is to be exercised
with a light hand and that arbitrators’ discretionary powers should be
circumscribed only by the law and by the parties’ agreement.

[emphasis added]

38 Article 19(2) and the common law are the positive aspect of the tribunal’s
mastery of its own procedure. There is also a negative aspect to this mastery.
There is no provision in any of our arbitration legislation which permits a
court to nullify a tribunal’s procedural order by way of an application to set
aside, let alone by way of appeal. A provision of this sort would set at
nought the principle of minimal curial intervention. It would enable the court
to encroach on the tribunal’s domain for no countervailing benefit. As Lee
Seiu Kin J pointed out in PT Pukuafu Indah and others v Newmont Indonesia Ltd
and another [2012] 4 SLR 1157 (“PT Pukuafu”), a recalcitrant party could use
such a provision to obstruct an arbitration with tactical challenges on
matters of mere procedure (at [25]).

A tribunal has the power to reconsider and revise a procedural order

39 A tribunal may at any time reconsider an earlier procedural order, revising
it or even setting it aside entirely (Gary Born, International Commercial
Arbitration vol III (Kluwer Law International, 2nd Ed, 2014) at p 2929). This
is the result of two well-established principles in the law of arbitration.

40 First, as I have explained in the preceding section, a tribunal is the
master of its own procedure. That must include the procedural power to
reconsider and revise its own procedural decisions.

41 Second, and more importantly, a procedural order carries no finality. Of
course, a procedural order is final in the sense that it draws a line under
the parties’ arguments and obliges the parties to comply with the tribunal’s
decision. But there is no doctrine of functus officio or of issue estoppel in
procedural matters. It is these doctrines which render an award, once issued,
final in the sense that the tribunal no longer has the jurisdiction to alter
the substance or content of the award. Only an award carries finality in the
true sense of the word, as set out in s 19B of the IAA.

42 Thus, for example, in Charles M Willie & Co (Shipping) Ltd v Ocean Laser
Shipping Ltd (‘The Smaro’) [1999] CLC 301 (“The Smaro”), a tribunal issued a
procedural order granting a claimant leave to make a number of amendments to
its points of claim. Upon reconsideration, the tribunal issued a further
procedural order denying the claimant leave to make one of the amendments. The
claimant sought a declaration that the tribunal had issued the further
procedural order without jurisdiction. The claimant argued that the tribunal’s
initial procedural order created an issue estoppel in the claimant’s favour,
thereby rendering the tribunal functus officio on whether the amendment should
be allowed.

43 Rix J (as he then was) rejected the claimant’s argument. He held that there
was no doctrine of issue estoppel or of functus officio in procedural matters.
A tribunal which has ruled on a procedural issue retains the jurisdiction to
rule on it again (The Smaro at 326 to 328):

In my judgment, however, there is nothing in these passages to suggest that
the doctrine of issue estoppel can apply to mere questions of procedure, as
distinct from issues on the final merits. On the contrary, the whole context
in which these remarks occurred was concerned with plainly substantive matters
such as cesser of liability and waiver. That Diplock LJ was speaking with that
context in mind is in my view well exemplified by the opening sentences of the
passage cited above, where Diplock LJ speaks of ‘The final resolution of a
dispute’, or in the closing passage cited above where he refers to an
arbitrator’s ‘final award’ or to an ‘interim award’ which is determinative of
certain issues. …

…

In my judgment, the decision to allow the … amendment was not a decision on
the merits, but was a matter of pure procedure, involving no more than issues
of discretion. In such circumstances, I cannot see how there can be any
question of an issue estoppel. It follows that Mr Berry’s submission that the
tribunal was functus officio on the ground of there being an issue estoppel
must fail. …

44 Similarly, in Flame SA v Glory Wealth Shipping PTE Ltd [2014] QB 1080, the
English High Court had to consider whether a serious irregularity within the
meaning of s 68 of the English Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) had occurred
in an arbitration. One of the irregularities alleged was that the tribunal had
repeatedly refused to order certain disclosure but had changed its mind and
ordered the disclosure shortly before the hearing. Teare J dismissed the
application, holding there to have been no serious irregularity. He found that
the tribunal’s change of mind did not, in and of itself, amount to a serious
irregularity. As he put it, there “are instances both in court and in
arbitration when disclosure is initially not seen to be appropriate but is
later recognised to be appropriate”. He held that, at best, the tribunal’s
“initial decision may be said to have been wrong, but making a wrong decision
is not a serious irregularity” (at [103]).

45 Another English case, Compton Beauchamp Estates Limited v James William
Mills Spence [2013] EWHC 1101 (Ch), is to similar effect (at [83]–[84]).

46 The position is the same in Singapore. In PT Pukuafu ([38] supra), Lee J
expressly considered that it was possible for a tribunal to modify or
terminate a procedural order in the course of an arbitration (at [26]).

47 All of this is entirely in keeping with the nature of a procedural order.
After all, the purpose of a procedural order is not to determine the parties’
substantive legal rights and obligations. Its purpose is merely to regulate
how the tribunal is to go about determining those rights and obligations. In
that sense, a tribunal’s procedural orders are incidental to the substance of
the exercise and must be subject to change in the course of the arbitration.
In the world of effective dispute-resolution, this is neither surprising nor
exceptional.

Conclusion on procedural orders

48 So where does that leave a procedural order? A procedural order (as opposed
to an award) is not final and may be reconsidered and revised by a tribunal
but cannot be nullified by a court. This is not a contradiction. This is
merely an aspect of the tribunal being the exclusive master of its own
procedure (PT Pufuaku at [26]).

49 Does this mean that a party may repeatedly ask a tribunal to reconsider and
revise its procedural orders? In theory yes. As the cases make clear, until
the tribunal issues its final award and becomes functus officio, it has the
jurisdiction to reconsider and revise earlier procedural orders. And a party
does nothing wrong by inviting a tribunal to do so. It is simply invoking
another facet of the tribunal’s mastery of its own procedure.

50 No doubt, a rational and efficient tribunal will not even agree to consider
an application of this nature, let alone to accede to it, unless it is
satisfied that there has been a change in the underlying circumstances or that
there is some other compelling reason to do so. But these are factors which go
to the exercise of the tribunal’s discretion to reconsider and revise a
procedural order, not to its jurisdiction to do so. There is no need to deny
that such a jurisdiction exists in order to prevent procedural abuse. There
are sufficient other deterrents, including the procedural common sense of
tribunals and the availability of costs orders.

Abuse of process and collateral attack

51 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Andre Yeap SC (“Mr Yeap”), argues that the
plaintiff’s application is an abuse of process on two grounds.

52 First, it is an abuse of process because the court lacks the power to grant
the relief sought. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Notes of Argument, 4 October 2019, p56(27) to 57(9)

The subject-matter of the declarations is expressly regulated by the IAA and
the Model Law. Save as expressly provided by statute, the court has no power
to intervene in an arbitration in relation to matters – whether of substance
or of procedure – that come within the tribunal’s domain and which the
tribunal has dealt with or could deal with in the course of the arbitration.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Notes of Argument, 4 October 2019, p61(12) to 61(18) and p66(21) to 66(23); 4
October 2019, p66(8) to 66(17)

For this limb of his abuse of process argument, Mr Yeap relies on Arts 5 and
19 of the Model Law and the case law on the court’s limited power to grant
declaratory relief in the context of arbitration.

53 Second, Mr Yeap submits that the plaintiff’s application is an abuse of
process because it is an attempt to challenge a procedural order when the IAA
provides no avenue for such a challenge. He therefore characterises the
application as an impermissible collateral attack on the VPOs. The collateral
attack ground can therefore be seen as merely a facet of his argument on abuse
of process. Crucially, however, Mr Yeap confirms that he would argue that this
application is an abuse of process even if the plaintiff had sought these
declarations before it made its application to the Vedanta tribunal which led
to VPO 3. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Notes of Argument, 4 October 2019, p75(26) to 76(3)

In that sense, his argument on abuse of process is distinct from the argument
on collateral attack.

54 To analyse the defendant’s arguments, I have to consider three issues: (a)
the scope of the court’s power to grant declaratory relief in the context of
arbitration; (b) whether the Model Law applies to investment-treaty
arbitrations such that Arts 5 and 19 of the Model Law apply to the Vedanta
Arbitration; and (c) if so, whether Arts 5 and 19 deprive the court of the
power it would otherwise have to grant the declaratory relief which the
plaintiff seeks. I now turn to these three issues.

Declaratory relief in the context of arbitration

55 The only general limits on the court’s power to grant declaratory relief
are that doing so must not exceed the court’s general jurisdiction or
contravene any express statutory provision (Wing Joo Loong Ginseng (Hong)
Singapore Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another and
another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“Wing Joo Loong”) at [176], citing Lord
Woolf & Jeremy Woolf, The Declaratory Judgment (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2002)
(“The Declaratory Judgment”) at para 3.005).

56 This principle means that a court is deprived of the power to grant a
declaration in the context of arbitration if the subject-matter of the
declaration is expressly regulated by the applicable arbitration legislation.
The most broad-ranging express regulation is found in Art 5 of the Model Law.
As the Court of Appeal held in Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd v Hilton
International Manage (Maldives) Pvt Ltd [2019] 1 SLR 732 (“Sun Travels”) at
[134]:

… In the context of arbitration, Art 5 of the Model Law provides that ‘[i]n
matters governed by [the Model Law], no court shall intervene except where so
provided in [the Model Law]’. The raison d’être of this rule is not to promote
hostility toward judicial intervention but to satisfy the need for certainty
as to when court action is permissible: LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin
San Contractors Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 125 (“LW Infrastructure”) at [36]. This
court in LW Infrastructure found that certain provisions, such as s 47 of the
Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) should be read consistently
with Art 5. The upshot of this is that in situations that are expressly
regulated by the Act, the courts should only intervene where so provided in
the Act (at [39]) (this position should similarly apply in the IAA context). …
[emphasis added]

57 The Court of Appeal went on to hold that the court below had had the power
to make the following declarations: that (a) certain arbitral awards were
final, valid and binding on the parties; and (b) that the appellant’s claims
in the Maldivian suit and consequential proceedings resulting from it were in
breach of the arbitration agreements. This is because there is “no specific
provision in the IAA or Model Law which addresses the specific declarations …
[N]othing in the IAA and the Model Law circumscribes the court’s power to
grant the declaratory relief sought by [the plaintiff]” (Sun Travels at
[135]).

58 The clearest example of express statutory regulation circumscribing the
court’s power to grant declaratory relief is the statutory power to set aside
an award. Section 24 of the IAA and Art 34(2) of the Model Law together set
out exhaustively the court’s power to nullify an award issued in a Singapore-
seated arbitration. That power is only by setting aside the award, and even
then, only on the specific grounds provided in those two provisions. It
follows that a court has no residual or concurrent non-statutory power to
grant a declaration (or indeed, any other relief) which purports to nullify an
award in any other way or which purports to set it aside on any other ground
(see L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd and another
appeal [2013] 1 SLR 125 (“L W Infrastructure”) at [42], albeit in the context
of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“AA”), and Mitsui Engineering &
Shipbuilding Co Ltd v Easton Graham Rush and another [2004] 2 SLR(R) 14).

59 These principles are common ground between the parties. The difference
between the parties is whether the subject-matter of the declaratory relief
which the plaintiff seeks is expressly regulated by the applicable arbitration
legislation. The defendant relies on Arts 5 and 19 of the Model Law to say
that it is. The first question which then arises whether those provisions
apply to the Vedanta Arbitration.

Investment-treaty arbitration and the Model Law

60 It is not strictly speaking necessary for me to decide this issue in order
to decide this application. This is because I have found that, even if the
Model Law does apply, Arts 5 and 19 of the Model Law do not deprive the court
of the power to grant the declaratory relief which the plaintiff seeks.
However, the parties have made extensive submissions on this issue, and I will
venture brief observations on it.

61 Art 1(1) of the Model Law establishes its scope:

Article 1. Scope of application

(1) This Law applies to international commercial arbitration, subject to any
agreement in force between this State and any other State and or States.

62 The footnote to Art 1(1) stipulates that the term “commercial” is to be
interpreted as covering matters arising from all relationships of a commercial
nature including specifically “investment”:

The term “commercial” should be given a wide interpretation so as to cover
matters arising from all relationships of a commercial nature, whether
contractual or not. Relationships of a commercial nature include, but are not
limited to the following transactions: any trade transaction for the supply or
exchange of goods or services; distribution agreement; commercial
representation or agency; factoring; leasing; construction of works;
consulting; engineering; licensing; investment; financing; banking; insurance;
exploitation agreement or concession; joint venture and other forms of
industrial or business co-operation; carriage of goods or passengers by air,
sea, rail or road. [emphasis added]

63 The defendant submits that the Vedanta Arbitration falls within the meaning
of “international commercial arbitration” in Art 1(1) of the Model Law. The
term “commercial”, it argues, encompasses investments coming within the
protection of an investment treaty. This interpretation finds support from (a)
a plain reading of the footnote of Art 1(1) of the Model Law; (b) from the
travaux préparatoires for the Model Law; and (c) several judicial decisions to
that effect. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s Further Skeletal Submissions at paras 6, 7 and 23

64 The plaintiff accepts that the Vedanta Arbitration falls within the IAA but
argues that it falls outside the Model Law. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Notes of Argument, 24 February 2020, p36(9)

It submits that the subject-matter of the Vedanta Arbitration is the enactment
and enforcement of a state’s revenue law, which in turn is an exercise of a
sovereign authority. That is not a “relationship of a commercial nature”
within the meaning of Art 1(1), even if it arises out of an investment. The
dispute in the Vedanta Arbitration is therefore outside the scope of the Model
Law. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Plaintiff’s Further Skeletal Submissions at paras 8 to 10

65 The authorities cited to me appear to establish a judicial and academic
consensus that investment-treaty arbitration does come within the meaning of
“international commercial arbitration” in Art 1(1) of the Model Law.

66 It has been held in Singapore, albeit sub silentio, that the Model Law
applies to an arbitration seated in Singapore under an investment treaty. In
Swissbourgh Diamond Mines (Pty) Ltd and others v Kingdom of Lesotho [2019] 1
SLR 263 (“Lesotho CA”), the Kingdom of Lesotho succeeded at first instance in
setting aside in part a final award issued in an arbitration under an
investment treaty. The Court of Appeal dismissed the investors’ appeal. In
doing so, the Court of Appeal held that Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law
gave the Singapore courts the jurisdiction to hear and determine the setting-
aside application. The Court of Appeal held, further, that Art 34 is “intended
to prescribe an exhaustive mechanism in relation to the setting aside of all
types of awards” [emphasis added] (at [80]). I consider this authority binding
on me that investment-treaty arbitration is “international commercial
arbitration” within the meaning of Art 1(1) of the Model Law.

67 This is the result also of the Canadian case of The United Mexican States v
Metalclad Corporation, 2001 BSCS 664 (“Metalclad”), an authority on which the
defendant relies. In Metalclad, the Supreme Court of British Columbia
considered an application to set aside an award issued in an arbitration under
an investment treaty. Mexico argued that the British Columbia’s arbitration
legislation, which is modelled on the Model Law, did not apply to the
arbitration because it arose out of a regulatory relationship rather than a
commercial one. To determine this question, Tysoe J took as his starting point
Art 1(1) of the Model Law and its footnote, as it appeared in the legislation.
He noted that there was an express reference to “investment” and held that the
phrase “relationships of a commercial nature” extended to a relationship of
investment. He held, further, that the arbitration in Metalclad arose out of
an investment. The subject-matter of the dispute was the investment which
Metalclad made in Mexico when it acquired a Mexican company and constructed a
landfill facility there. The arbitration arose out of that relationship
between them and was therefore within the scope of the Art 1(1) read with the
footnote (Metalclad at [44]).

68 This broad interpretation of Art 1(1) also has academic support. Professor
August Reinisch in the chapter “Enforcement of Investment Treaty Awards” in
Arbitration under International Investment Agreements: A Guide to the Key
Issues (Katia Yannaca-Small ed) (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2018) relies
on the word “investment” in the footnote to Art 1(1) to express the view that
an arbitration under an international investment treaty falls within the scope
of the Model Law even though it takes place between a state and a private
party and may touch upon sovereign interests (at para 29.07):

The New York Convention permits states to make a reservation to the effect
that they apply the Convention ‘only to differences arising out of legal
relationships, whether contractual or not, which are considered as commercial
under the national law of the State making such declaration’. One might
question whether investment awards can be qualified as awards in ‘commercial
disputes’ for these purposes, since – a form of mixed arbitration between
states and private parties – BIAT arbitration in particular often touches upon
sovereign interests and in effect leads to judicial review of state acts … the
1985 UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration contains a
wide definition of the notion ‘commercial arbitration’, which expressly
includes a reference to ‘investment’. Thus, for the purposes of the Model Law,
investment awards should be viewed as awards should be viewed as awards in
‘commercial disputes’. This view was shared by national courts in set aside
proceedings concerning investment awards rendered pursuant to the UNCITRAL
Arbitration Rules. [emphasis added]

69 If I had had to decide the question, therefore, I would have considered
myself bound by Lesotho CA and held in favour of the defendant that the
Vedanta Arbitration does fall within the scope of the Model Law.

Arts 5 and 19 of the Model Law

70 I agree with the defendant that the starting point on this question is Art
5 of the Model Law. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Notes of Argument, 4 October 2019, p91(2) to 81((10)

The Court of Appeal in Sun Travels ([56] supra) adopted the same approach. It
first considered whether the declaratory relief sought would be contrary to
Art 5 of the Model Law because the application was made in the context of
arbitration: at [132]–[134].

71 Article 5 of the Model Law provides as follows:

Article 5. Extent of court intervention

In matters governed by this Law, no court shall intervene except where so
provided in this Law.

72 The defendant argues that the Vedanta tribunal made the VPOs in the
exercise of its procedural powers under Art 15(1) of the UNCITRAL Rules and
Art 19(2) of the Model Law. Article 19(2) confers upon the Vedanta tribunal
broad statutory powers on procedural matters in an arbitration. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Notes of Argument, 24 February 2020, p15(19) to 15(32)

All such matters, including the subject-matter of the VPOs, are therefore
matters governed by the Model Law within the meaning of Art 5. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 45 and 46

Article 5 therefore deprives the court of the power to grant the declaratory
relief which the plaintiff seeks. Further, granting the declarations sought is
an intervention in the arbitration, also impermissible under Art 5.

73 The plaintiff submits in response that the subject-matter of the
declaratory relief which the plaintiff seeks is the obligation of
confidentiality in arbitration. Confidentiality in arbitration is not governed
by the IAA or the Model Law. It is governed by the common law, as the decision
in AAY and others v AAZ [2011] 1 SLR 1093 (“AAY”) makes clear. Further, Art 19
of the Model Law is neither a specific provision nor express regulation of the
obligation of confidentiality in arbitration. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 27

The subject-matter of the VPOs and of the declaratory relief which the
plaintiff seeks is therefore not governed by the Model Law within the meaning
of Art 5. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 26

Further, granting the declarations which the plaintiff seeks will not amount
to the court intervening in the Vedanta Arbitration within the meaning of Art
5. Article 5 therefore does not deprive the court of the power to grant the
declaratory relief which the plaintiff seeks.

74 I begin by making two observations. First, the parties agree that there are
limits on the court’s power to grant declaratory relief in the context of
international arbitration. They even agree on the test to ascertain those
limits. The difference between the parties is on the proper characterisation
of the subject-matter of the declaratory relief which the plaintiff seeks. The
defendant characterises the subject-matter broadly: as an issue of procedure.
The plaintiff, on the other hand, characterises the same subject-matter
narrowly: as an issue of the obligation of confidentiality in arbitration. The
answer on the preliminary question turns on which characterisation is correct.

75 Second, the plaintiff accepts that the Vedanta tribunal’s procedural orders
were made within its jurisdiction and binds the parties to the arbitration.
This must be the case. The VPOs arise out of a proper exercise of the Vedanta
tribunal’s procedural powers under Art 15(1) of the UNCITRAL Rules. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 25 at p21

Further, the plaintiff accepts the VPOs as valid, even though it submits that
the Vedanta tribunal exceeded its jurisdiction when deciding VPO 3 by taking
it upon itself to develop and extend the common law of Singapore. I have
rejected this argument for the reasons I give below at [134] to [161].
Nevertheless, the point for present purposes is that the plaintiff does not go
so far as to argue that this point alone frees the plaintiff from the Vedanta
tribunal’s procedural orders.

76 I begin my analysis by noting that Art 5 of the Model Law does not operate
to deprive the court of power to grant declaratory relief for all purposes in
all matters related howsoever to arbitration. It does so if and only if the
two conditions found within it are satisfied:

(a) first, if the declaration sought is on a matter governed by the Model Law;
and

(b) second, if granting the declaration amounts to the court intervening in
such a matter.

77 I make a general point on both elements before discussing each element in
turn.

(1) The plaintiff offers an undertaking

78 I had a serious initial concern about the plaintiff’s application. The
concern was that granting the plaintiff the declaratory relief it seeks would
mean that the plaintiff could ignore the VPOs without consequence, even while
the VPOs remained in force in the Vedanta Arbitration. Enabling the plaintiff
to do that would, to my mind, clearly amount to intervening in the Vedanta
Arbitration in a matter governed by the Model Law. Further, granting either
declaration would mean that the plaintiff would face no civil liability in
Singapore law for making cross-disclosure despite the Vedanta tribunal’s
rejection of the plaintiff’s requests for permission under VPO 3 in VPO 6 and
VPO 7 and without a fresh application under VPO 3. It was also common ground
that para 129.3 of VPO 3 (see [23] above) does not operate as an injunction
restraining cross-disclosure. The plaintiff would therefore not even incur any
procedural liability in the Vedanta Arbitration by ignoring para 129.3 of VPO
3.

79 To address my concern, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Cavinder Bull SC (“Mr
Bull”) offered the plaintiff’s undertaking that – if I were to grant the
plaintiff the declaratory relief that it seeks – it would take the declaration
back to the Vedanta tribunal and argue there that the Vedanta tribunal ought
to reconsider and revise the VPOs in light of my declarations as to Singapore
law. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Notes of Argument, 7 October 2019, p109(30) to 109(12)

In other words, the plaintiff was prepared to undertake not to act
unilaterally or pre-emptively by relying on my declarations alone to make
cross-disclosure, thereby bypassing the Vedanta tribunal entirely. It is on
the basis of this undertaking that I analyse the requirements of Art 5 of the
Model Law.

(2) Does this application concern a matter governed by the Model Law?

80 For the reasons which follow, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that the
subject-matter of the VPOs and of the declaratory relief which it seeks is not
governed by the Model Law within the meaning of Art 5.

81 I begin by accepting that Art 19(2) of the Model Law is an express
provision governing (to use the language of Art 5) or regulating (to use the
language of Sun Travels ([56] supra)) the entire domain of procedure in
arbitration. It is true that, when the Vedanta tribunal issued the VPOs, it
was exercising the broad procedural power granted to it under Art 15(1) of the
UNCITRAL Rules. And it is true that Art 19(2) of the Model Law places those
very procedural powers squarely within the domain of the tribunal. But I do
not accept that a broad inquiry at that high a level of generality suffices to
conclude that the subject-matter of the declaratory relief which the plaintiff
seeks is a matter governed by the Model Law within the meaning of Art 5. The
inquiry is more subtle than that.

82 Article 19(2) of the Model Law may place all matters of procedure within
the domain of the Vedanta tribunal. But the plaintiff has, as it is entitled
to, framed both declarations to ask questions of substantive Singapore law
rather than on matters of procedure in arbitration. Those questions are: (i)
whether the general obligation of confidentiality in arbitration extends to
investment-treaty arbitration; and (ii) whether the plaintiff is at liberty to
cross-disclose the documents in the Vedanta Arbitration, either because the
documents come within a general principle of transparency in investment-treaty
arbitration or within an exception to a general obligation of confidentiality
in investment-treaty arbitration. The matter on which the plaintiff seeks
declaratory relief, properly characterised, is the question of confidentiality
under substantive Singapore law. That is not a matter governed either by the
IAA or by the Model Law within the meaning of Art 5.

83 Given this finding, it is not necessary for me to consider the second
element of Art 5 ie, whether granting the declaratory relief which the
plaintiff seeks amounts to intervening in the arbitration contrary to Art 5. I
nevertheless to do so as additional support for my decision.

(3) Does the present application constitute an intervention by the court?

84 On the second element of Art 19(2) of the Model Law, the plaintiff submits
that the declaratory relief it seeks in this application will have no direct
effect on the Vedanta tribunal’s procedural orders. The plaintiff disavows any
intention to invite the court to encroach on the Vedanta tribunal’s domain.
The effect of a declaration, if granted, will merely be to declare judicially
an answer to a substantive question on Singapore’s law of arbitration. For
that declaration to have any effect on the VPOs, the plaintiff will have to –
and intends to – take the declaration back to the Vedanta tribunal as a basis
to invite it to reconsider and revise the VPOs. It is well within the Vedanta
tribunal’s jurisdiction to do that 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Notes of Argument, 24 February 2020, p27(12) to 27(20)

(see [48]–[50] above). By undertaking to take the declarations back to the
Vedanta tribunal, the plaintiff is respecting fully the Vedanta tribunal’s
mastery of its own procedure.

85 The defendant says that granting the declaratory relief amounts to the
court intervening with the Vedanta tribunal’s procedural orders. In support of
its argument, the defendant relies on an excerpt in Singapore International
Arbitration: Law and Practice (David Joseph QC and David Foxton QC gen eds)
(LexisNexis, 2014) to argue that the only proper course for the plaintiff is
to ask the Vedanta tribunal to reconsider its earlier decision and not to
invite this court to decide a matter which the Vedanta tribunal has already
decided (at 210): 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 31

5.3 If a party is dissatisfied with procedural orders or directions made by
the tribunal there exists no right to have the order or direction set aside by
the Singapore courts. That is for two reasons. First, Article 5 of the Model
Law provides that ‘In matters governed by this Law, no court shall intervene
except where so provided in this Law’, and … Article 19(2) provides that the
tribunal may conduct the arbitration in such manner as it considers
appropriate (subject to contrary agreement of the parties, and to the terms of
Model Law). Secondly, procedural orders are not an ‘award’ within the meaning
of Article 34 of the Model Law or s 24 of the IAA, and therefore cannot be set
aside under those provisions.

5.4 Where a party is dissatisfied with procedural orders or directions made by
the tribunal, the proper course is to invite the tribunal to reconsider its
decision. If the making of the disputed orders or directions is to be relied
upon as a ground for challenging the eventual Award, it will usually be
necessary for the disaffected party to clearly state its objections at the
time, for the right to complain later may otherwise be lost by waiver.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

86 This passage, however, merely states the uncontroversial proposition that a
tribunal remains entitled to reconsider a procedural order any time before it
becomes functus officio. The plaintiff accepts that. This proposition does not
respond to the plaintiff’s submission that the declaratory relief is intended
merely to be a first but necessary step to inviting the Vedanta tribunal
itself to reconsider and revise the VPOs.

87 In Sun Travels ([56] supra), the Court of Appeal upheld the High Court’s
decision to grant the declaratory relief sought by the applicant, in the terms
described at [57] above. The defendant argues that the decision in Sun Travels
can be distinguished on two grounds. First, the arbitration in Sun Travels had
concluded. The final award had been rendered and the tribunal had become
functus officio. The declaratory relief which the applicant sought was aimed
only at regulating the conduct of its opponent in civil proceedings in the
Maldives. Second, the declaration sought in Sun Travels reiterated the
decision of the tribunal rather than undermining or contradicting it. On both
grounds, the declarations did not intervene in the arbitration. Both grounds
are absent in this case.

88 Sun Travels is a good example of when relief granted by a court does not
intervene with an arbitration. But Sun Travels does not stand for the
proposition that granting declaratory relief does not amount to intervening in
the arbitration only if the arbitration has concluded or only if the relief
reiterates a decision of the tribunal. It is important to appreciate that Sun
Travels concerned an award, not a procedural order. The finality which
attaches to an award makes it far more difficult for a party to seek a
declaration that may have the effect of undermining or circumventing the
award. The present case is clearly different, as I explain.

89 For the same reason, the defendant’s reliance on the English case of K/S
A/S Bill Biakh and K/S A/S Bill Biali v Hyundai Corporation [1988] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 187 is misplaced. There, the applicant sought a declaration or an
injunction to correct a procedural order by the tribunal which they alleged to
be wrong. In other words, the applicants explicitly sought to nullify the
procedural order. Along with The Smaro ([42] supra) this line of cases merely
confirms that the courts do not have the power to grant relief which nullifies
a tribunal’s procedural orders. This is also the position in Malaysia (see
Ranhill Bersekutu Sdn Bhd v Safege Consulting Engineers & Anor [2004] 3 MLJ
554) and in Singapore (see [38] above).

90 It is true that the IAA and the Model Law make no provision for a party to
nullify a procedural order. But the absence of such a provision cannot be
determinative of whether the plaintiff is barred from applying for declaratory
relief which may, only indirectly, have that effect. The court’s declaratory
jurisdiction is, after all, an “exception to the general principle” that a
claim must be founded on a reasonable cause of action, given that declaratory
relief is generally superfluous where a cause of action subsists (Karaha Bodas
Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112
(“Karaha Bodas”) at [13], citing Gouriet v Union of Post Office Workers [1978]
AC 435 at 501 per Lord Diplock). It is therefore necessary to enquire
specifically whether granting the declaratory relief which a plaintiff seeks
is barred by Art 5 of the Model Law.

91 In my view, granting the declaratory relief which the plaintiff seeks would
not amount to the court to intervening in the Vedanta Arbitration contrary to
Art 5. The plaintiff, by this application, is merely asking the court to
decide a question of Singapore’s substantive law on arbitration as any
litigant could, on the ordinary principles which apply to the exercise of the
court’s declaratory jurisdiction.

92 In fact, as Mr Yeap fairly conceded, quite apart from this application, it
remains open for the plaintiff to make a new application to the Vedanta
tribunal under the liberty to apply provision in VPO 3 seeking exactly the
same relief which the Vedanta tribunal has already rejected in the plaintiff’s
past applications (see [23] above). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Notes of Argument, 7 October 2019, p43(26) to 44(9)

And I have found that the tribunal is even at liberty to reconsider and revise
VPO 3, it being a mere procedural order. If all that is correct – which it is
– bringing the application which is now before me to my mind cannot amount to
inviting the court to intervene in the arbitration simply because it may
provide the plaintiff an additional line of argument in a renewed application
of that type. Given the plaintiff’s undertaking, the declarations if granted
will have no effect in the Vedanta Arbitration unless the plaintiff is able
first to persuade the Vedanta tribunal to reconsider the VPOs and even then,
only if it is also able to persuade the Vedanta tribunal to revise the VPOs.
The final decision on both issues is and continues to be ultimately the
Vedanta tribunal’s to make.

93 The only way in which the plaintiff’s application could amount to
intervening in the arbitration if it were the plaintiff’s intent to rely on
the declarations to ignore the VPOs and to act unilaterally. The plaintiff has
addressed that concern of mine by its undertaking. This is therefore
distinguishable from the situation in L W Infrastructure ([58] supra), where
the substantive effect of granting the declaration sought would have been to
nullify an award.

(4) Indirect intervention

94 I also do not consider that “intervene” within the meaning of Art 5 of the
Model Law can be interpreted so broadly as to encompass the sort of indirect
impact on an arbitration that the present application, if granted subject to
the plaintiff’s undertaking. I give two examples to illustrate that.

95 First, assume that the Cairn Arbitration were seated in Singapore rather
than in the Netherlands. Assume further that, even before the Cairn tribunal
had been invited to consider a cross-disclosure regime, the Vedanta tribunal
had decided that the general obligation of confidentiality in arbitration
under Singapore law extended to investment-treaty arbitration. Assume then
that the plaintiff brings an application against both Cairn and Vedanta to
this court, seeking the same declaratory relief which it does now: (a) in
order to place the declarations before the Cairn tribunal when inviting it to
decide on the cross-disclosure regime for the first time; and (b) in order to
place the declarations before the Vedanta tribunal when inviting it to
reconsider and revise the VPOs. Could Vedanta credibly argue that the court
had no power to grant the relief sought because it would amount to the court
intervening in the Vedanta Arbitration contrary to Art 5 of the Model Law?

96 Second, assume that the application for declaratory relief before me was
brought – not by the parties to the Vedanta Arbitration – but by two parties
wholly unrelated to the Vedanta Arbitration who also have a dispute under the
same BIT and who have not yet even commenced arbitration but intend to do so
shortly in Singapore. Assume further that in pre-arbitration correspondence,
these two parties have taken opposing positions on whether the proceedings in
their intended arbitration would be subject to a general obligation of
confidentiality under Singapore law. Could it be credibly argued that the
court has no power to grant the declaration because it would amount to the
court intervening in the Vedanta Arbitration by giving Vedanta a legal basis
on which to invite the Vedanta tribunal to reconsider and revise the VPOs?

97 To my mind, it would be absurd to argue that the prohibition on a court
intervening in an arbitration in Art 5 of the Model Law deprives the court of
the power to grant the declarations in both illustrations. I find force in the
argument advanced by Mr Bull, that the logical conclusion of the defendant’s
argument on power leads to an absurd result. The result is that the court has
the power to grant the declaratory relief which the plaintiff seeks on the
application of the whole world except for – and except only for – the
plaintiff. That suggests to me that the real issue on this application is not
whether the court has the power to grant a declaration in these circumstances
but whether the power should be exercised in favour of the plaintiff in these
circumstances.

98 The defendant argues that the result of its analysis as argued by Mr Bull
is not absurd. The plaintiff is the only party in the whole world in whose
favour this court lacks the power to grant this declaratory relief because the
plaintiff chose to put this very question of law before the Vedanta tribunal
and invited them to decide it in making VPO 3. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Notes of Argument, 4 October 2019, p97(23) to 97(24)

99 This does not change my analysis. The VPOs are interlocutory and
procedural. They carry no finality of any kind whatsoever. They are incapable
of creating an issue estoppel. Issue estoppel is one of three overlapping
principles which together comprise the doctrine of res judicata (The Royal
Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT
International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties)
and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104 at [98], citing Goh Nellie v Goh Lian
Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [17]–[25]). The rationale of the
doctrine of res judicata is to uphold finality in dispute-resolution by
ensuring that a litigant is not twice vexed in the same matter. A procedural
order does not implicate that rationale.

100 There is accordingly no procedural bar to the plaintiff rearguing before a
court a question of law which the tribunal decided in VPO 3. Furthermore, the
Vedanta tribunal is accordingly not barred from reconsidering and revising its
answer on this question of law. The defendant’s point, to my mind, goes not to
towards power but to the discretionary question of whether granting the
declaratory relief is justified or necessary (see [173] below).

Conclusion on the preliminary question

101 For the reasons I have given, therefore, I answer the preliminary question
in the plaintiff’s favour. I do not consider the plaintiff’s application to
constitute an abuse of process or a collateral attack on the VPOs on any
ground advanced by the defendant. The declaratory relief which the plaintiff
seeks (see [3] above) does not engage a matter governed by the Model Law and
does not amount to inviting the court to intervene in the arbitration. The
VPOs create no issue estoppel. The mere fact that the relief restates a
question of law which the plaintiff put before the Vedanta tribunal and which
it answered in VPO 3 does not make this application in and of itself an abuse
of process or an impermissible collateral attack.

102 I consider this to be the position whether or not the Model Law applies to
the Vedanta Arbitration. As Mr Bull accepts, the principle of minimal curial
intervention applies to the Vedanta Arbitration even if the Model Law, in
strict terms, does not.

103 Finally, I note in passing a concern raised by Mr Yeap as to the logical
consequence of finding that the plaintiff’s application is not barred as an
abuse of process or a collateral attack. It is that this approach might lead
to a deluge of applications from dissatisfied parties in arbitration seeking
declaratory relief aimed at challenging a tribunal’s procedural orders by
targeting questions of law underlying those orders.

104 I find this concern to be overstated. The procedural order in this case
rests on a single question of substantive Singapore law as the lex arbitri. It
is also arguably a novel question of Singapore law. That is a rare confluence
of factors. The vast majority of procedural orders do not raise questions of
law, let alone substantive questions, let alone substantive and arguably novel
questions. Further, my decision on the preliminary question does not mean that
an applicant will secure the declaratory relief. It simply means that the
court can entertain the application. The applicant is not absolved of the duty
to satisfy the requirements which apply to all litigants seeking declaratory
relief. Those requirements, coupled with the costs consequences of a failed
application, are in my view a sufficient deterrent to prevent a deluge of
similar applications.

105 I turn now to the discretionary question.

The discretionary question

106 The court’s power to grant declaratory relief is discretionary (Latham
Scott v Credit Suisse First Boston [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30 at [74]). The principles
governing the exercise of that discretion are well-established. In Karaha
Bodas ([90] supra), the Court of Appeal set out the following requirements (at
[14]):

(a) the court must have jurisdiction and power to award the remedy;

(b) the matter must be justiciable;

(c) the exercise of the discretion must be justified by the circumstances of
the case;

(d) the plaintiff must have locus standi and there must be a real controversy
for the court to resolve;

(e) any person whose interests might be affected by the declaration must be
before the court; and

(f) there must be some ambiguity or uncertainty about the issue in respect of
which the declaration is asked for so that the court’s determination would
have the effect of laying such doubts to rest.

107 In addition, the remedy of a declaration should also provide “relief” in a
real sense (Salijah bte Ab Latef v Mohd Irwan bin Abdullah Teo [1995] 3 SLR(R)
233 at [17]). In other words, a declaration must serve some useful or
practical purpose (Tok Ee Cheng v Jardin Smith International Pte Ltd [2020]
SGHC 111 at [10]).

108 These requirements show that – although the court has a wide discretionary
power to grant declaratory relief – the discretion must be exercised
cautiously. This is because, “[i]f employed incautiously it might encourage
people unnecessarily to claim declarations of their rights, involving
unjustifiable, costly litigation and causing excessive embarrassment for
defendants” (The Declaratory Judgment at para 4.015).

109 Mr Bull, in the course of his oral submissions, addressed these
requirements for declaratory relief. Mr Yeap did not seriously challenge the
plaintiff’s locus standi and the justiciability requirement, either in his
written or oral submissions. As I have mentioned, he also took no issue with
the court’s jurisdiction to grant the relief. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Notes of Argument, 4 October 2019, p56(16) to 56(29)

110 I therefore concentrate my analysis on the requirements which are in
contention: (a) whether there is an ambiguity or uncertainty to be resolved;
(b) whether the there is a real controversy for the court to resolve; and (c)
whether the circumstances of the case justify the exercise of the discretion.
Before doing so, I make some observations on the obligation of confidentiality
in arbitration under Singapore law.

The law on confidentiality in arbitration

111 Confidentiality in arbitration remains a significant attraction of
arbitration over litigation. The IAA and the Model Law, however, do not
contain any provision imposing an obligation of confidentiality on the parties
to an international arbitration. In Singapore law, the obligation of
confidentiality arises at common law. Chan Seng Onn J’s decision in AAY ([73]
supra) has established that, unless the parties agree otherwise, a general
obligation of confidentiality arises in arbitration under Singapore law. This
obligation is imposed by Singapore law and does not arise from the parties’
agreement eg, as an implied term of their arbitration agreement (AAY at [54]
and [55]).

112 This general obligation of confidentiality is, of course, subject to
exceptions. Although the list of exceptions is not closed, a number are well-
established. These are: (a) where there is express or implied consent to
disclosure; (b) where disclosure is permitted by the tribunal order, or with
the leave of court; (c) where disclosure is reasonably necessary for the
protection of the legitimate interests of a party to the arbitration; and (d)
where the interests of justice require disclosure. Disclosure in the public
interest is a possible addition to this list of exceptions (AAY at [64],
citing John Forster Emmott v Michael Wilson & Partners [2008] 2 All ER (Comm)
1931 (“Emmott”) at [107] per Lawrence Collins LJ).

Ambiguity or uncertainty

113 On the requirement that a declaration must resolve some ambiguity or
uncertainty, the plaintiff submits that its application raises a novel issue
of law which has yet to be considered, let alone resolved, by the Singapore
courts. The question is whether the general obligation of confidentiality
which Singapore law imposes on the parties to a private arbitration extends to
investment-treaty arbitration.

114 The defendant argues that the plaintiff’s application does not raise a
novel question of law. Chan J in AAY drew no distinction between a private
commercial arbitration and investment-treaty arbitration. The defendant also
relies on the decision of Kan Ting Chiu J in Myanma Yaung Chi Oo Co Ltd v Win
Win Nu and another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 547 (“Myanma”) to the same effect.

115 I am minded to give the benefit of the doubt to the plaintiff on this
requirement. The question of law raised in this application is at least
arguably novel. To my mind, that suffices to satisfy this requirement.

116 AAY ([73] supra), as the plaintiff points out, did not arise from an
arbitration under an investment treaty. Therefore, the precise question of law
which the plaintiff poses by this application did not arise in AAY and was
therefore not argued before Chan J. Further, while Myanma did arise from an
arbitration under an investment treaty, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Notes of Argument, 7 October 2019, p15(17) to 17(23)

it rested its finding as to the existence of an obligation of confidentiality
on an implied term in law. Chan J rejected this analysis in AAY. He pointed
out that Myanma had been decided before Emmott ([112] supra) and that Kan J
was not referred to the Privy Council’s deprecation of the implied term
analysis in Associated Electric and Gas Insurance Services Ltd v European
Reinsurance Co of Zurich [2003] 1 WLR 104 (AAY at [50]).

117 It is true, as the defendant submits, that the decision in AAY held that
Singapore’s common law of arbitration imposes a general obligation of
confidentiality on arbitration in Singapore generally ie, without drawing any
distinction between private arbitration and investment-treaty arbitration. But
it is certainly true that the considerations which apply to a private
arbitration do not apply with equal force to investment-treaty arbitrations.
The latter raises important issues of public interest and public policy
involving a sovereign which is ultimately accountable to its people. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions at para 64

A different approach may well be warranted in investment-treaty arbitration,
given the different stakeholders and the sovereign and public interests
implicated. The significance of these distinctions were not in contention in
AAY and were not argued in Myanma.

118 I therefore consider that the plaintiff has satisfied this requirement for
declaratory relief.

Real controversy

119 On the requirement that there be a real controversy for the court to
consider, the defendant argues that the declaratory relief which the plaintiff
seeks has been rendered moot. The hearings in both the Vedanta Arbitration and
the Cairn Arbitration are now concluded. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Deepak Kumar’s 1st Affidavit at paras 10 and 13

There is no suggestion that the plaintiff has made any application to the
Cairn tribunal to receive and consider documents cross-disclosed from the
Vedanta Arbitration, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 72

let alone that the Cairn tribunal is willing to hold any further hearings or
to receive any further submissions or evidence without a hearing.

120 The plaintiff responds that the declaratory relief it seeks will
nevertheless resolve a real controversy. Even though hearings in both
arbitrations have concluded, it remains possible for the Cairn tribunal to
receive further evidence or submissions. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p16(1) to 16(5)

And it remains possible for the Vedanta tribunal to deal with an application
to reconsider and revise the VPOs.

121 I accept the plaintiff’s submission. It is not correct to say that the
declaratory relief which the plaintiff seeks will serve no practical purpose
or address no real controversy simply because the hearings in both
Arbitrations have concluded. I say so for two reasons.

122 First, the window of opportunity for the plaintiff to secure permission in
the Vedanta Arbitration to make cross-disclosure and in the Cairn Arbitration
to receive that cross-disclosure has not yet closed. Neither the Vedanta
tribunal nor the Cairn tribunal has issued its final award. A tribunal is not
functus officio until its final award is issued and published to the parties
(Anwar Siraj and another v Teo Hee Lai Building Construction Pte Ltd [2007] 2
SLR(R) 500 at [45]).

123 Further, Art 29(2) of the UNCITRAL Rules – which are the rules governing
both arbitrations – allow each tribunal, “if it considers it necessary owing
to exceptional circumstances, to decide, on its own motion or upon application
of a party, to reopen the hearings at any time before the award is made”. Art
24(3) empowers the tribunal, at “any time during the arbitral proceedings …
[to] require the parties to produce documents, exhibits or other evidence
within such period of time as the tribunal shall determine” [emphasis added].
Indeed, the Cairn tribunal has already exercised these very powers once: to
hold an additional hearing in the Cairn Arbitration in December 2018. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions at para 71

124 It does not take the defendant very far to observe that the plaintiff has
produced no evidence that there are to be further hearings in the Cairn
Arbitration to receive cross-disclosure. This puts the cart before the horse.
Until the plaintiff secures the declaratory relief which it seeks by this
application, any such steps in the Cairn Arbitration would be premature and
speculative.

125 Second, I agree with the plaintiff that a real controversy will remain
even after the Cairn tribunal becomes functus officio. Cross-disclosure may be
necessary in post-award litigation over the Cairn award, whether to set it
aside or to enforce it. The specific category of documents which the plaintiff
has listed in its schedule to this application (see [27] above) relate to
jurisdictional issues. Cross-disclosure of documents relating to jurisdiction
may be of assistance in post-award litigation in any country which adopts a de
novo standard of review on jurisdictional challenges. That is the approach in
Singapore (PT First Media TBK (formerly known as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK)
v Astro Nusantara International NV and others and another appeal [2014] 1 SLR
372 at [163], citing Dallah Real Estate and Tourism Holding Co v Ministry of
Religious Affairs of the Government of Pakistan [2011] 1 AC 763 at [30], and
affirmed in Sanum Investments Ltd v Government of the Lao People’s Democratic
Republic [2016] 5 SLR 536 at [42]).

126 On this requirement therefore, I accept the plaintiff’s argument. The
Vedanta tribunal retains the power to order cross-disclosure and the Cairn
tribunal retains the power to receive it. In any event, the documents may be
of use in post-award litigation arising from the Cairn Arbitration. It thus
cannot be said that the declarations which the plaintiff seeks are moot.

Justified by the circumstances of the case

The power of a tribunal to develop Singapore’s substantive common law

127 A critical plank of the plaintiff’s case on the discretionary question is
that declaratory relief is justified by the circumstances of the case. The
plaintiff complains that the Vedanta tribunal in VPO 3 developed Singapore’s
common law of arbitration beyond AAY ([73] supra) by extending the application
of the general obligation of confidentiality for which AAY is authority to all
arbitrations, including investment-treaty arbitrations. Mr Bull’s cause for
complaint is that “arbitrators cannot develop the rules of the seat”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions at para 41

Put differently, he argues that the Vedanta tribunal went beyond its mandate
by developing Singapore’s law of arbitration in this way when the Singapore
courts themselves have yet to pronounce on the issue. It follows that the
court should grant the declaratory relief which the plaintiff seeks because
such a novel question of law should not have been decided by the Vedanta
tribunal. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions at para 47

The question can, and should, be determined only by the Singapore courts, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 42 and 64

in whom the power to develop Singapore law exclusively resides.

128 I note that this argument has more than an impression of the afterthought
to it. First, it is the plaintiff who put this very question to the Vedanta
tribunal when it made its initial application for a cross-disclosure regime to
be put in place. When it did so, it did not suggest to the tribunal that it
was under any disability in answering the question in the fullness of the
common law tradition. It is surprising that the plaintiff would choose to ask
a question of the Vedanta tribunal which the plaintiff believed the tribunal
was under a disability in answering. It is even more surprising that
plaintiff, if it believed that, would not have explained to the Vedanta
tribunal at that time the nature of the disability.

129 Furthermore, if the plaintiff was then of the view that the Vedanta
tribunal was disabled from answering this question in the fullness of the
common law tradition, I would have expected the plaintiff to ask the Vedanta
tribunal to hold the Vedanta Arbitration in abeyance while it sought a
declaration on this very question from the court. That the plaintiff did not
do so suggests that the motive behind the application before me is an attempt
to have a second bite of the cherry. None of this, of course, is intended as
criticism.

130 In any event, the defendant’s response to the plaintiff’s argument on this
requirement is straightforward. The Vedanta tribunal did not develop Singapore
law as the plaintiff complains. AAY draws no distinction between private
arbitration and investment-treaty arbitration. Even if the Vedanta tribunal
did develop Singapore law, a tribunal is perfectly entitled and empowered to
do so. Finally, even if the tribunal fell into error in developing Singapore
law, an error of law is no ground for a dissatisfied party to challenge an
award under the IAA or the Model Law. A fortiori, it is no ground for a party
to challenge a mere procedural order and to do so in this indirect way. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Notes of Argument, 7 October 2019, p53(4) to 53(19)

131 The Vedanta tribunal made the VPOs in the exercise of its procedural
powers. But in doing so, it rested its decision, albeit only in part, on its
view of Singapore’s substantive law ie, its law of arbitration. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p34(24) to 34(27)

I assume in the plaintiff’s favour that the Vedanta tribunal developed
Singapore’s law of arbitration in doing so. The plaintiff says that that
justifies the court’s intervention by declaration. The defendant says it does
not. The question which the parties raise on this limb of the argument
therefore is whether a tribunal is entitled and empowered to develop
Singapore’s law of arbitration. It is to this issue which I now turn. I first
consider a tribunal’s power to develop Singapore’s substantive common law
before considering whether its power to develop Singapore’s law of arbitration
is any different.

(1) The legal framework for an international investment-treaty arbitration

132 Singapore’s arbitration law governs the Vedanta Arbitration as the lex
arbitri. There are two sources of the lex arbitri in Singapore. The first is
statute ie, the AA or the IAA and the Model Law as applicable. The second
source is the common law. The general obligation of confidentiality in
Singapore-seated arbitration is an obligation which has developed at common
law (see [111] above).

133 Mr Bull submits that a distinction must be drawn between an issue which
arises under the law applicable to resolving the substantive dispute between
the parties and an issue which arises under the lex arbitri, as in the present
case. Mr Bull submits that the lex arbitri is the law which the courts use to
hold tribunals to account. He submits that, because the lex arbitri operates
to constrain a tribunal, a tribunal cannot develop the lex arbitri and vary
those constraints. A tribunal can do no more than simply ascertain and apply
the lex arbitri as it exists. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p65(15) to 66(2) and 68(1) to 68(10)

I consider this argument by a number of steps.

(2) A tribunal’s role

134 I first consider the role of an adjudicator in resolving a substantive
dispute between the parties in the common law tradition. I use the general
term “adjudicator” deliberately. In my view, an adjudicator fulfils either or
both of two roles:

(a) One role is to adjudicate and determine the dispute before him on the
merits. This is necessarily a composite task. It entails finding the facts,
ascertaining the law, developing the law if necessary and applying the law as
ascertained or developed to the facts as found to resolve the parties’
dispute. I call this the “Adjudicatory Role”.

(b) Another role is to contribute to a coherent corpus of common law by
generating judgments recording the adjudicator’s legal reasoning which are
then published and form the basis for other decisions, either as binding or
persuasive authority. I call this the “Precedential Role”.

135 There can be little doubt that a common law judge performs both an
Adjudicatory Role as well as a Precedential Role. A judge has a duty to decide
cases put before him by applying the relevant legal principles to the facts at
hand. And the reasoned grounds for the judge’s decision contribute to the
corpus of common law and have binding or persuasive value as precedent in
accordance with the doctrine of stare decisis.

136 In fulfilling the Precedential Role, it is now universally acknowledged
that a common law judge makes law. After all, Sir William Blackstone’s
declaratory theory of law – namely, the hypothesis that judges do not make
law, but rather discover and hence declare what the law is – has been
characterised as a “fiction” by the Court of Appeal in Review Publishing Co
Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal [2010] 1 SLR 52 at [241].
Lord Reid, in his famous extra-judicial lecture to the Society of Public
Teachers of Law, “The Judge as Lawmaker” (1972) 12 JSPTL 22, went so far as to
describe the declaratory theory as a “fairy tale”. The purpose of the fairy
tale is to disguise the very real law-making power that judges wield. The
modern view of the common law has abandoned the fairy tale.

137 It remains the case, however, that a common law judge makes law within
strict limits: by developing the common law incrementally, by analogy with
past decisions, in accordance with professional, institutional and
constitutional constraints. As Lord Reed PSC put it in Regina (Elgizouli) v
Secretary of State for the Home Department (Information Commissioner and
others intervening) [2020] 2 WLR 857 at [170]:

… I fully accept that the common law is subject to judicial development, but
such development builds incrementally on existing principles. That follows
from two considerations. The first is that judicial decisions are normally
backward-looking in the sense that they decide what the law was at the time
which is relevant to the dispute between the parties. In order to preserve
legal certainty, judicial development of the common law must therefore be
based on established principles, building on them incrementally rather than
making the more dramatic changes which are the prerogative of the legislature.
Following that approach, new rules may be introduced or existing rules may be
reformulated or departed from, but the courts continue to apply principles
which formed an established part of the law at the time of the events in
question. The judges are then faithful to their oath to ‘do right to all
manner of people after the laws and usages of this Realm’. Secondly, that
constraint on judicial law-making is also compatible with the pre-eminent
constitutional role of Parliament in making new law, and with the procedural
and institutional limitations which restrict the ability of litigation before
the courts to act as an engine of law reform.

138 Because the common law develops incrementally and organically – by
evolution rather than revolution – a common law judge makes law by filling
gaps and extending established principles, not by creating new areas of the
law out of whole cloth. This is the flexible and pragmatic way in which the
common law copes with changes in society and effects change in the law without
defeating settled expectations and with retrospective effect. Bottom up rather
than top down. As Richard Malanjum CJ (Sabah and Sarawak) similarly put it in
Public Prosecutor v Kok Wah Kuan [2008] 1 MLJ 1 at [39(v)], observing that
legal adjudication involves a gap-filling function:

… It is now universally recognized that the role of a judge is not simply to
discover what is already existing. The formal law is so full of ambiguities,
gaps and conflicts that often a judge has to reach out beyond formal rules to
seek a solution to the problem at hand. In a novel situation a judge has to
reach out where the light of ‘judicial precedent fades and flicker and extract
from there some raw materials with which to fashion a signpost to guide the
law’. When the rules run out, as they often do, a judge has to rely on
principles, doctrine and standards to assist in the decision. When the
declared law leads to unjust result or raises issues of public policy or
public interest, judges would try to find ways adding moral colours or public
policy so as to complete the picture and do what is just in the circumstances.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

139 A tribunal in an arbitration has no Precedential Role. A tribunal operates
outside the doctrine of stare decisis. It is not bound as a matter of law by
the Court of Appeal. And there are no courts which its decisions bind as a
matter of law. There is no formal system by which tribunals’ awards, redacted
or otherwise, are published and disseminated. In international commercial
arbitrations especially, a tribunal has no Precedential Role for the obvious
reason that disputes generally are confidential (see Lucy Ferguson Reed,
“Lawmaking by Arbitrators” in Evolution and Adaptation: The Future of
International Arbitration (ICCA Congress Series No 20, International Council
for Commercial Arbitration) (Jean Engelmayer Kalicki and Mohamed Abdel Raouf,
eds) (Kluwer Law International, 2019) ch 3).

140 This is not to discount the importance that a tribunal’s awards may have
in influencing other tribunals. Even though tribunals operate outside a
doctrine of stare decisis, the increase in investment-treaty tribunals making
their awards public has led to later tribunals referring to and engaging with
the legal reasoning in previous awards. This has been described as tribunals
practising a “de facto doctrine of precedent” (see Alec Stone Sweet, Michael
Yunsuck Chung and Adam Saltzman, “Arbitral Lawmaking and State Power: An
Empirical Analysis of Investor-State Arbitration” (2017) 8 J Int Disput Settl
579). For example, the Court of Appeal in Lesotho CA ([66] supra) described
the point that domestic law defines and regulates an investor’s acquired
rights as being “well reflected in the corpus of investment treaty case law”
[emphasis added] (at [105]).

141 A tribunal’s only role is therefore the Adjudicatory Role. The entire and
sole purpose of appointing a tribunal is to resolve a dispute in accordance
with the parties’ agreement and the lex arbitri. Mr Bull accepts this. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p21(15)

In Procedure and Evidence in International Arbitration (Kluwer Law
International, 2012) (“Waincymer on P&E”), Professor Jeffrey Waincymer
describes the arbitrator’s role as an adjudicator (at 96):

… It is then necessary to consider what the arbitrator must ultimately do. …

… As previously noted, Böckstiegel suggests that the ‘fundamental duty of the
arbitrators is to come to a reasoned decision on the claims put before them
after giving the parties an equal and full opportunity to present their case’.
Another way to describe deciding in an adjudicatory or judicial manner is to
say it involves deciding the issues between the parties, after hearing
arguments of the parties, considering the evidence (written and oral), taking
account of the contract terms and trade usages and applying the applicable law
or relevant rules. This is in contrast to simply determining what is ‘fair’ or
applying discretion.

… An adjudicatory function … is described as quasi-judicial in nature and
involves making determinations of fact under applicable principles of
evidence, including burdens and standards of proof and determining the
implications of the facts so found under applicable principles of law. An
adjudicatory function is essentially a rights-based rather than an interest-
based function, and would be described by economists as a zero sum game
whereby there is ultimately a winner and a loser on each defended claim and
cross-claim.

Sundaresh Menon CJ, in his extra-judicial speech, “The Rule of Law and the
SICC”, at the Singapore International Chamber of Commerce Distinguished
Speaker Series (10 January 2018) 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Accessible at https://www.sicc.gov.sg/docs/default-source/modules-
dicument/news-and-article/b_58692c78-fc83-48e0-8da9-258928974ffc.pdf

, also notes that “arbitration is designed to be ad hoc and confidential, and
is predominantly concerned with resolving the specific disputes between the
parties” (at para 28(c)).

142 A tribunal cannot fulfil its Adjudicatory Role without the power to apply
legal principles to the facts at hand. Where a tribunal must apply a common
law, and is faced with an ambiguity or a lacuna in that law, it is entirely
within a tribunal’s power to ascertain that principle, develop it in fullness
of the common law tradition and to apply it to the facts as found. It is
absurd to suggest that, every time a tribunal is faced with a gap in a common
law which it must apply, it must throw its hands up in defeat and terminate
its legal analysis. This approach does not reflect the reality of the common
law. It also does not reflect the demands on arbitration as a dispute-
resolution procedure.

143 As Professor Douglas Jones points out in his article, “Arbitrators as Law-
Makers” (2018) 6(2) Indian Journal of Arbitration Law 18 at 19 and 28:

In the strictest sense, arbitrators make ‘hard law’ as their awards are
binding on parties and are enforceable in law. They are also engaged in a
‘softer variant of lawmaking’, which typically occurs in one of two
situations. In one situation, there is a ‘gap’ or uncertainty in the legal
issue which the courts have not resolved. Arbitrators fill that gap with their
own reasoning. In the other situation, parties have chosen arbitration
precisely so that they are not bound by a particular set of national laws. The
parties seek a private dispute resolution mechanism with a set of alternative
legal rules, therefore providing arbitrators with the legitimacy to make laws.

…

International commercial arbitrators certainly do make law. They are often
tasked with making crucial decisions on complex areas of law. They espouse
principles that are developed to fill gaps in national laws. They are deeply
involved in comparative law and create principles that are useful, or could be
useful, to those involved in international commerce. …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

144 A tribunal in a Singapore-seated arbitration is entitled and empowered – I
might even say duty-bound – to ascertain, develop and apply the principles of
a common law where that is necessary for it to resolve the dispute at hand. I
say that for a number of reasons.

145 First, Singapore’s lex arbitri gives a tribunal even wider latitude in
deciding issues of law than it gives to a judge. Thus, in international
arbitration, there is deliberately no provision to allow a party to appeal
against an award on an error of law. An error of law is not even a ground for
setting aside an award: “there is no right of recourse to the courts where an
arbitrator has simply made an error of law” (BLC and others v BLB and another
[2014] 4 SLR 79 (“BLC v BLB”) at [53]). Enforcing an award which rests on an
error of law does not even conflict with Singapore’s public policy within the
meaning of Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law. That is so even when the error
is one of Singapore law (Triulzi Cesare SRL v Xinyi Group (Glass) Co Ltd
[2015] 1 SLR 114 at [161]).

146 Second, even in domestic arbitration, a tribunal has wider latitude in
deciding issues of law than a judge. Section 49 of the AA gives a dissatisfied
party an avenue to appeal against an award to the High Court on a question of
law. This is consistent with the court’s “wider supervisory role in domestic
arbitration” such that the court “will generally play a relatively more
interventionist role in domestic arbitration as compared to international
arbitration” (NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [46] and [51]). Even then, a party can appeal on a
question of law only with the agreement of parties or with the leave of court,
and subject to the substantial restrictions contained in s 49(5) of the AA.
Thus, a “question of law” within the meaning of s 49(1) of the AA is “a point
of law in controversy which has to be resolved after opposing views and
arguments have been considered. … If the point of law is settled and not
something novel and it is contended that the arbitrator made an error in the
application of the law there lies no appeal against that error for there is no
question of law which calls for an opinion of the court” [emphasis added]
(Ahong Construction (S) Pte Ltd v United Boulevard Pte Ltd [1993] 2 SLR(R) 208
at [7], in the context of the former s 28 of the AA). There are no such
restrictions on the right of a litigant to appeal to the Court of Appeal
against a judgment at first instance.

147 Finally, it is now widely acknowledged that so many tribunals are now
developing the common law in so many disputes that it threatens the courts’
ability to fulfil the Precedential Role. A number of jurisdictions have
reacted to this threat by considering whether to allow a right of appeal on a
point of law even in international arbitration. In England and Wales, the then
Lord Chief Justice Lord Thomas of Cwmgiedd observed in his Bailii Lecture,
“Developing commercial law through the courts: rebalancing the relationship
between the courts and arbitration” (9 March 2016) 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Accessible at https://www.judiciary.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/lcj-speech-
bailli-lecture-20160309.pdf

that the increase in the number of disputes resolved in arbitration and the
corresponding decrease in the number of disputes resolved in the English
Commercial Courts, coupled with the limited right of appeal on a point of law
under s 69 of the English Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (having effectively
codified the principles articulated in BTP Tioxide Ltd v Pioneer Shipping, The
Nema [1980] QB 547), “reduces the potential for the courts to develop and
explain the [common] law”. This, he says, has “provid[ed] fertile ground for
transforming the common law from a living instrument into, as Lord Toulson put
it in a different context, ‘an ossuary’” (at para 22, citing Kennedy v Charity
Commission (Secretary of State for Justice and others intervening) [2014] 2
WLR 808 at [133]).

148 This is a concern also in Singapore. In April 2019, the Minister of Law,
Mr K Shanmugam confirmed that the Ministry of Law would consider introducing
an opt-in mechanism under the IAA, allowing parties to appeal to the High
Court on a question of law arising out of an award made in the proceedings.
This was followed by a public consultation on amendments to the IAA in August
2019. Subsequently in February 2020, the Law Reform Committee published its
Report on the Right of Appeal against International Arbitration Awards on
Questions of Law, in which it proposes amending the IAA to make available the
right of appeal by adopting and incorporating (with modifications) ss 49 to 52
of the AA.

149 All of this makes it clear that a tribunal does nothing exceptional in
ascertaining the common law, developing it where necessary and applying it to
resolve the dispute at hand.

150 This approach may be viewed as going too far. It could be said that this
cedes control of the common law, a public good, to private adjudicators who
are not bound by the professional, institutional and constitutional
constraints under which state-appointed judges operate and who cannot be held
accountable for exceeding those constraints, no matter how patently or
egregiously. Mr Bull in the course of argument gave this example: if the
doctrine of mistake did not exist at all in Singapore’s common law of
contract, can a tribunal introduce for the first time a doctrine of mistake in
its award and apply it to resolve a dispute governed by Singapore law? 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p21(7) to 21(15)

151 I consider this concern to be misplaced for three reasons. First, this is
an extreme example that is unlikely to manifest in practice.

152 Second, even if a tribunal were to formulate an entirely new area of the
common law out of whole cloth, the damage to the fabric of the common law is
confined to that particular dispute. This is simply because the tribunal has
no Precedential Role. And party autonomy means that the parties have no basis
to complain so long as the tribunal has fulfilled its obligations to accord
procedural justice to both parties before arriving at its decision. The narrow
grounds available to set aside or refuse the enforcement of an award under the
IAA and the Model Law attest to this quite clearly.

153 Third, tribunals do not exercise the power to develop the common law
entirely unconstrained. Arbitrators “who are respected in the community for
their professionalism and reasoned approach to the law” are appointed by
parties “who trust that they will render a fair decision that is viewed as
legitimate” (D Brian King and Rahim Moloo, “International Arbitrators as
Lawmakers” (2014) 46(3) N Y Univ J Int Law Politics 875 at 908).

The power of a tribunal to develop Singapore’s common law of arbitration

154 Should a distinction then be drawn between a tribunal’s power to decide
and develop Singapore’s substantive common law and its power to decide and
develop Singapore’s common law of arbitration as the lex arbitri? I see no
reason in principle why it should be. Both these fields of law are subsets of
Singapore’s common law. A tribunal will encounter questions of law in both
fields in resolving a dispute. It should be able to resolve questions of law
in both fields in the fullness of the common law tradition.

155 To argue that I should draw such a distinction, Mr Bull cites Paul Smith
Ltd v H & S International Holding Inc [1991] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 127. In that case,
Steyn J (as he then was), described the lex arbitri as “a body of rules which
sets a standard external to the arbitration agreement, and the wishes of the
parties, for the conduct of the arbitration” (at 130). He also cites the
following passage from Waincymer on P&E to argue that the lex arbitri
establishes framework external to the tribunal within which it is constrained
to operate. Thus it is not open to a tribunal to deviate from this framework
or to alter it (at 67): 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 36

It is widely accepted that the key jurisdictional basis of an arbitrator’s
rights, duties and powers is to be found in the arbitration law that is
applicable. This will usually be the arbitration law in the Seat of the
arbitration. When parties select the place of arbitration within a particular
geographical location, this ought to mean that their intention is ‘that the
arbitration is conducted within the framework of the law of arbitration of
(that location)’. This is generally described as the lex arbitri. A lex
arbitri might either expand on the powers conferred on a tribunal by consent
or may seek to limit them in some way. Typically it will do both. [emphasis
added]

156 This passage, as well as Steyn J’s observation, does not advance the
plaintiff’s case for two reasons. First, the “limiting” or “external” effect
that the lex arbitri has on tribunals does not detract from the fact that part
of the lex arbitri is a body of common law rules, and thus resides in a
location which allows a tribunal, like a judge, to develop it in the common
law tradition. Second, that effect does not also prevent there being gaps in
the lex arbitri. Tribunals must have the power to fill those gaps. At the very
least, their role as masters of their own procedure surely must entitle them
to do so. Indeed, it is not uncommon for arbitrators to have to interpret
procedural rules, whether such rules are institutional rules or part of the
lex arbitri (see Dolores Bentolila, Arbitrators as Lawmakers (International
Arbitration Law Library No 43) (Kluwer Law International, 2017) at paras 274
and 279). Where such gaps or ambiguities exist, a tribunal is merely
interpreting and deciding the appropriate procedural framework applicable to
the arbitration. It is not accurate to characterise the tribunal as deviating
from or altering the framework at all. It continues to operate within its
constraints.

157 In an international commercial arbitration for example, a tribunal may in
a sense be said to be obliged to apply Singapore law if it is the law
governing the underlying contract. But this obligation does not mean that the
tribunal is precluded from considering and deciding a substantive question of
law which Singapore’s courts have not. Singapore’s common law of arbitration –
and more specifically, the obligation of confidentiality in arbitration –
being situated within Singapore’s common law, is and should be no different.
It is well within the remit of a tribunal.

158 There is another telling point. The plaintiff’s submission is that AAY
([73] supra) is silent on whether the general obligation of confidentiality
recognised in AAY extends to investment-treaty arbitrations. I proceed on the
assumption that that is correct. The plaintiff’s argument then is that the
Vedanta tribunal impermissibly developed Singapore’s common law of arbitration
in deciding that it did so extend. But the logical endpoint of the plaintiff’s
submission is that the Vedanta tribunal equally had no power to decide that it
did not so extend. What then should the Vedanta tribunal have done when faced
with this question?

159 To this, Mr Bull offers the following solution: the Vedanta tribunal
should have acknowledged that there is no judicial authority to guide it on
whether the general obligation of confidentiality under Singapore law extends
to investment-treaty arbitration; however, it does not need to decide what
Singapore law is in order to dispose of the plaintiff’s application. It need
only decide what type of cross-disclosure regime would be fair to the parties
in the circumstances of the case. And in the absence of any judicial authority
on the question, there is no obstacle to the tribunal ordering a cross-
disclosure regime which it considers to be fair. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Notes of Argument, 21 February 2019, p31(26) to 32(9)

160 I cannot agree with this approach. Mr Bull’s suggested solution is no
different from the approach the tribunal would take if there were positive
judicial authority for the proposition that the general obligation of
confidentiality does not extend to investment-treaty arbitrations. This
approach in effect makes no distinction between a situation where judicial
authority on a particular proposition of Singapore law is absent and a
situation where judicial authority exists for the counterproposition. There is
no reason that a tribunal faced with a novel question of Singapore’s common
law of arbitration should proceed in this manner by default. It is far more
satisfactory for the tribunal to resolve the question for itself positively,
with submissions from the parties, in the fullness of the common law
tradition. I have demonstrated that a tribunal has the power to fill gaps and
to resolve ambiguities and uncertainties in Singapore’s substantive common
law. It must have the same power for the same reason to do so for Singapore’s
common law of arbitration.

161 Thus, I reject the plaintiff’s argument. I do not consider Singapore’s
common law of arbitration to be an aspect of Singapore’s common law which is
uniquely beyond a tribunal’s domain. It was therefore well within the powers
of the Vedanta tribunal to decide this issue of Singapore’s common law of
arbitration in the same way as a judge would have.

162 For this reason, I do not accept that the Vedanta tribunal’s decision to
develop Singapore’s arbitration law – even if that is indeed what the tribunal
did – constitutes a ground justifying the declaratory relief which the
plaintiff seeks.

Analytical approach of the Vedanta tribunal

163 A ground which Mr Yeap relies on to argue that declaratory relief is not
justified in the circumstances of this case is that the relief, even if
granted, will serve no useful purpose given the analytical approach which the
Vedanta tribunal took in arriving at its decision in VPO 3. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Notes of Argument, 4 October 2019, p122(2) to 122(13) and 132(21) to 132(24)

164 In arriving at its decision in VPO 3, the Vedanta tribunal considered
whether there was a general obligation of confidentiality under each of three
sources of law applicable to the Vedanta Arbitration: (a) the UNCITRAL Rules;
(b) BIT/international law; and (c) Singapore law. The Vedanta tribunal held
that there was no obligation of confidentiality under the UNCITRAL Rules. It
also held that the trend in BIT/international law was against a general
obligation of confidentiality. It then turned to consider Singapore law.

165 In arriving at its conclusion on Singapore law, the Vedanta tribunal
rejected the plaintiff’s submission that there was a distinction in Singapore
law between private arbitration and investment-treaty arbitration and held
that the general obligation of confidentiality under Singapore’s law of
arbitration extended even to investment-treaty arbitration. Thus the Vedanta
tribunal observed that it “is well established in Singapore that in every
arbitration governed by Singapore procedural law there is an implied
obligation of confidentiality which has been spelt out in a series of English
cases culminating in Emmott … [T]his principle which has been applied in
Singapore [in AAY] provides that the law of confidentiality is a substantive
provision which applies to all arbitrations but subject to a list of
exceptions which are never closed” [emphasis added]. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 25 at p18, para 65

166 The Vedanta tribunal expressed the conclusion of its analysis of the three
sources of law as follows at para 73: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 25 at p20, para 73

73.1 UNCITRAL Rules 1976: The Tribunal is of the view that the Rules do not
impose a general obligation of confidentiality, except as expressly defined in
Article 25(4) and Article 32(5), the latter of which the Parties have varied
by mutual agreement.

73.2 The BIT/International Law: The Tribunal believes that the body of law is
strongly trending towards the view that there is no general obligation of
confidentiality that applies to an investment treaty arbitration such as this.

73.3 Law of the Seat: The Tribunal is of the opinion that the arbitral law of
Singapore as the seat of arbitration allows for the application of a public
interest exception to an implied duty of confidentiality.

[emphasis in original]

167 The Vedanta tribunal was then faced with the difficulty of reconciling its
holding that there was a general obligation of confidentiality under Singapore
law with its holding that there was no such obligation under UNCITRAL Rules
and under BIT/international law. The Vedanta tribunal expressly acknowledged
the strong public interest in a degree of transparency in investment-treaty
arbitration and set about formulating a cross-disclosure regime that
accommodated that interest without being inconsistent with any mandatory rules
of Singapore law.

168 The tribunal considered that such a cross-disclosure regime could be
accommodated within a common law exception to the general obligation of
confidentiality under Singapore law. The tribunal acknowledged that the trend
in the common law was to prefer a narrow interpretation of the “public
interest/interest of justice” exception. However, it also held that “new
exceptions can be created according to the needs of the situation as well as
with regard to public policy concerns”. It then concluded in favour of
transparency as follows: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 25 at p18, para 67

… For all the reasons set out in the cases cited above, the Tribunal finds
that there is a strong public interest in having a degree of transparency with
regard to the proceedings in any investment treaty arbitration and it is
unnecessary at this point to lay down a narrow and specific definition of the
exception. Indeed, the common law exception can be usefully applied together
with the Tribunal’s inherent power under Article 15.1 to design a
confidentiality regime customized for the particular circumstances of the
case.

169 Thus, the Vedanta tribunal’s conclusion on Singapore law was that
Singapore law could allow cross-disclosure of documents in an investment-
treaty arbitration but only under an exception to the general obligation of
confidentiality and therefore on a case by case basis. This holding enabled
the tribunal to opine that “there is no conflict between the law of the seat,
(in this case, Singapore), with the broader principle of transparency which
has attracted the support of previous UNCITRAL tribunals”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 25 at p18, para 68

170 Moreover, the Vedanta tribunal also applied its mind to the specific
measures which the plaintiff sought, in light of the concerns which the
plaintiff raised regarding the public interest in investment-treaty
arbitrations as well as the risks of inconsistent findings in the two
arbitrations. In its view, VPO 3 carefully balanced the respective interests
and arrived at a cross-disclosure formula which replicated that which the
Cairn tribunal had put in place in CPO 10, even though the lex arbitri of the
two seats took two diametrically contrary positions on confidentiality in
investment-treaty arbitration: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 25 at p31, para 128

In view of the determinations and findings above, and having had the benefit
of careful consideration of Cairn, this Tribunal believes that the tribunal in
Cairn came to an appropriate balance of the interest of the parties and public
interest. With the minor difference that this Tribunal will allow the
publication of the names of the members of the Tribunal, the Order seeks to
replicate the formula adopted by the Cairn tribunal. The Tribunal believes
that the order set out in the subsequent section strikes the right balance
between the various interests and, ultimately, achieves what is necessary and
appropriate in the circumstances of this case.

171 This summary of the analytical exercise which the Vedanta tribunal
undertook shows that Singapore’s common law was only one of three sources of
law and only one of the several considerations to which the Vedanta tribunal
had regard in arriving at the cross-disclosure regime in VPO 3. In other
words, the Vedanta tribunal’s holding on Singapore common law did not
determine its conclusion on VPO 3. Quite the opposite, in fact. The Vedanta
Tribunal instituted a cross-disclosure regime which replicated CPO 10 despite
its finding that Singapore law imposed a general obligation of confidence on
the parties to investment-treaty arbitrations.

172 Given the multipronged approach with the tribunal adopted to formulating
its cross-disclosure regime, I do not consider that the declaratory relief
which the plaintiff seeks will even be a persuasive tool on which the Vedanta
tribunal can be invited to reconsider or revise VPO 3. This is yet another
reason to decline to grant the declarations sought.

Minimal curial intervention

173 In coming to my decision on the discretionary question, I am acutely aware
of the principle of minimal curial intervention. The principle of minimal
curial intervention is relevant now, not as a bar which deprives the court of
its power to grant declaratory relief, but rather as a discretionary factor in
deciding whether declaratory relief is necessary and justified in the
circumstances.

174 The Court of Appeal held in BLC v BLB ([145] supra) at [51] that it is
“now axiomatic that there will be minimal curial intervention in arbitral
proceedings”. See also Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte
Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 at [60] and PT Pukuafu ([38] supra) at [22]–[23]. Mr
Bull accepts this principle is part of Singapore’s common law of arbitration.
This is undoubtedly correct. The principle therefore applies to the Vedanta
Arbitration even if the Model Law and Art 5 do not. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Notes of Argument, 24 February 2020, p35(19) to 35(26)

175 Even though the principle of minimal curial intervention does not suffice
to characterise the plaintiff’s application for declaratory relief as an abuse
of process or an impermissible collateral attack, I do consider that minimal
curial intervention to be an especially compelling factor militating against
exercising the discretion to grant the plaintiff the declaratory relief which
it seeks. The plaintiff placed the scope of the general obligation of
confidentiality in Singapore’s common law of arbitration squarely before the
Vedanta tribunal. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 40

Even though the plaintiff submits that it merely asked the Vedanta tribunal to
determine a protocol for cross-disclosure of documents, it accepts that the
question whether the parties were subject to a general obligation of
confidentiality under Singapore’s arbitration law was a necessary preliminary
question posed to the Vedanta tribunal. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Notes of Argument, 24 February 2020, p39(14) to 39(23)

Both parties made submissions and addressed the Vedanta tribunal on this
question. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Notes of Argument, 24 February 2020, p41(17) to 41(23)

The plaintiff argued before the tribunal, amongst other things, expressly that
the obligation did not extend to investment-treaty arbitration. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Muhammed Ismail Bin KO Noordin’s 1st Affidavit, MI-2, Tab 5 at para 23, Tab 22
at para 16, Tab 24 at paras 47 to 48

The tribunal considered this question and rejected the plaintiff’s submission.
And it did so as only one aspect of a comprehensive review of the three
applicable sources of law in formulating the cross-disclosure regime set out
in VPO 3. The plaintiff then made two applications to the Vedanta tribunal
under the VPO 3 regime seeking leave to disclose a series of documents into
the Cairn Arbitration. The Vedanta tribunal rejected both applications in VPO
6 and VPO 7. And the only real difference between CPO 10 and VPO 3 is a
question of the burden of proof (see [24] above), a difference which is
unlikely to make any difference except in marginal cases.

Conclusion on the discretionary question

176 As such, on the discretionary question, I find in favour of the defendant.
For all of the reasons I have given, I do not think that the circumstances of
this case justify the exercise the court’s discretion in favour of granting
the plaintiff the declaratory relief which it seeks in this application.

Conclusion

177 I have therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s application.

178 As costs follow the event, I have ordered the plaintiff to pay the
defendant’s costs of and incidental to this application, such costs fixed at
$50,000 plus disbursements, such disbursements to be taxed if not agreed.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Bull Cavinder SC, Lim Gerui, Tan Yuan Kheng, Amber Estad and Ong Chee Yeow
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Andre Yeap SC, Kelvin Poon, Alyssa Leong, Matthew Koh, Ryce Lee and Aaron Koh
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

