Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 5

Suit No 336 of 2018

Between

Lim Zhipeng

… Plaintiff

And

Seow Suat Thin

… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Consideration] — [Forbearance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Zhipeng

  

v

  

Seow Suat Thin

[2020] SGHC 5

High Court — Suit No 336 of 2018  
Choo Han Teck J  
6–7 November 2019; 20 December 2019

7 January 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a 36-year-old businessman who was a long-time friend of
Derek Cheong Wee Ker (“Derek Cheong”). Although they were schoolmates, Derek
Cheong was closer to the plaintiff’s younger brother, Lim Zhiyong (“LZY”).
Derek Cheong approached the plaintiff through LZY for money for his business.
They both had business in Shenzhen, China when they concluded the agreement
for this transaction. The defendant is the mother of Derek Cheong. Her
counsel, Mr K Rajendran, submitted that this transaction was a loan and not an
investment as the plaintiff claimed. That is one of the many red herrings in
this case. A loan can, of course, be a form of investment, but as will be
seen, the taxonomy of business deals is not important in this case.

2 The agreement between the plaintiff and Derek Cheong was simple and not
disputed. The plaintiff was to transfer $565,000 to Derek Cheong. Some of the
money was transferred in China and some in Singapore. Derek Cheong agreed to
repay the plaintiff the money in two tranches: the first in the sum of
$265,000 and the second in the sum of $330,000. The total amount is therefore
$595,000. The extra $30,000 represents the interest or profit to the
plaintiff, depending on whether one regards the transaction as a loan or an
investment. By the time of the trial, and prior to the filing of this action,
Derek Cheong had repaid $105,000. At trial, the defendant testified that she
had since paid a further $40,000 to the plaintiff in November 2017.

3 Derek Cheong was unable to make full payment and after the plaintiff began
pressing for payment, Derek Cheong told him that his mother (the defendant)
would be selling her properties and would pay the plaintiff from the proceeds
of the sale. He assured the plaintiff that the defendant would sign a
guarantee to that effect. The defendant signed a document titled “Deed of
Guarantee” dated 28 September 2017 (“the Guarantee”). A lawyer, Victor Lee
Chay Pin, witnessed the signing. It was also signed by the plaintiff, without
a witness, but no issue was raised on this point.

4 In the Guarantee, the plaintiff is described as “Creditor” and the defendant
as “Guarantor” but immediately below that line, the plaintiff was referred to
as “Lender”. Nothing turns on this careless draftsmanship. The main parts of
the “Guarantee” provide as follows:

WHEREAS

1\. CHEONG WEE KER DEREK (NRIC No SXXXX011F) of 19 Jalan Kechubong, Singapore
799379 (the “Debtor”) has borrowed an aggregate sum of $595,000.00 from the
Creditor, of which $490,000.00 remains outstanding (the “Debt”).

2\. The Debtor and Guarantor have proposed to pay the Debt to the Creditor by
way of:

a. $150,000 from the sale proceeds of 5 Kampong Eunos #04-07 Eunos Park
Singapore 417771 on or before 11 November 2017;

b. $150,000 from the sale proceeds of 188 Race Course Road #04-05 Singapore
218612 on or before [date]; and 1st April 2018 or upon settlement, whichever
is earlier. [signature]

c. $5,000 on or before the 15th day of each month starting from 15 February
2018 until the Debt is fully paid off (the “Repayment Scheme”).

3\. The Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the payment of the Debt by the
Debtor on the terms set out below.

WHEREBY IT IS AGREED

1\. GUARANTEE

The Guarantor hereby guarantees the following:

a. that the Debtor shall make payment on the terms of the Repayment Scheme as
set out in paragraph 2 above; and

b. full and immediate payment of any and all outstanding sums due from the
Debtor under the Repayment Scheme, upon a notice in writing from the Creditor
that the Debtor has defaulted on payment on the terms of the Repayment Scheme.

5 Derek Cheong is described in the Guarantee as “the Debtor” but he is not
referred to in “the Parties”. This is a little troublesome because the recital
states, “The Debtor and the Guarantor have proposed to pay the debt to the
Creditor”. Why this omission is relevant will become obvious.

6 It transpired that Derek Cheong was unable to pay the debt, and the
plaintiff called upon the defendant to pay under the Guarantee. The defendant
demurred and the plaintiff sued in this action on the Guarantee. The summary
judgment obtained by the plaintiff was set aside on the ground that there are
triable issues arising from the Guarantee.

7 The evidence at trial is largely not in dispute except for a few areas, none
of which are relevant. The first and most devastating problem for the
plaintiff is that he had sued on the Guarantee as a deed that was signed,
sealed and delivered. Unfortunately for him, as the Guarantee shows, and which
the plaintiff does not deny (save to say that the Guarantee was drafted by his
own lawyer, Mr Adrian Tan), it was signed and delivered but not sealed.

8 It is elementary that a deed is an enforceable agreement without proof of
consideration, and for that reason, the formalities must be complied with
strictly. Without the seal, the document may still be a contract, but as in
all contracts not under seal, the plaintiff must then show that consideration
was given to the defendant in exchange for it: see Kuek Siew Chew v Kuek Siang
Wei [2015] 1 SLR 396 at [30]–[33]. In this case, we must examine the
plaintiff’s statement of claim.

9 The statement of claim merely states that the plaintiff is relying on the
Guarantee for its full terms and effect. No consideration was pleaded. At the
end of the trial no application was made to have the statement of claim
amended even though by this time, the plaintiff must be fully aware that the
Deed might be defective. Indeed, his solicitors ought to have known by the
time the summary judgment was set aside in Lim Zhipeng v Seow Suat Thin [2019]
SGHC 104, which highlighted the deficiencies in the so-called deed (at [6]).
No effort was made by the plaintiff to amend the statement of claim after the
decision was given.

10 The second problem arises from the fact that the plaintiff advanced the
money to Derek Cheong between January and March 2017, and Derek Cheong was
adjudicated a bankrupt on 13 July 2017, before the debt could be paid. The
defendant executed the Guarantee in September 2017, after Derek Cheong was
made a bankrupt, and Derek Cheong is not one of the parties to the Guarantee.
What consideration did the plaintiff give in exchange for the defendant
signing this Guarantee? We do not know from the pleadings because it was
silent on this point, presumably because the plaintiff was relying on the
guarantee as a contract under seal.

11 In his reply to the defendant’s counterclaim, the plaintiff said that the
consideration was a “forbearance to enforce and/or prove a debt against Derek
[Cheong]”. This matches his evidence in his application for summary judgment,
where he stated on affidavit:

20\. Even though the [Guarantee] was executed after I provided the loan, this
does not make the [Guarantee] unenforceable as I did not lodge a proof of debt
against [Derek Cheong] in exchange for the [Guarantee] being executed.
However, when it appeared that the Defendant was not going to comply with the
terms of the repayment scheme as set out in the [Guarantee], I lodged a proof
of debt against [Derek Cheong] on 28 March 2018…

12 And yet this version of events contradicts the evidence he gave at trial.
The plaintiff stated clearly in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that at the
time of signing the Guarantee, he did not know whether Derek Cheong was a
bankrupt; it then follows that he could not have intended to forbear to prove
the debt in exchange for the Guarantee, because one proves a debt against a
bankrupt. When questioned at trial, he was thoroughly unhelpful and did not
clear up the contradictions:

Q When you say that “proof of debt”---that you will not file a proof of debt,
it refers to bad---Derek being a bankrupt, Do you---

A What?

Q ---agree or not?

A Why is it so? Why does it mean that when I file a proof of debt against
someone, it means he’s bankrupt?

Q You explain to me. What does your statement---

A No, I---I explained to you. So when I did not file a proof of debt against
someone that owes me money doesn’t mean that he’s bankrupt. Right. Someone can
owe me money and---and I can just file a---a---a proof of debt, right? Isn’t
it wrong---isn’t it right?

13 Finally, in his closing submissions, the plaintiff submitted that the
consideration was in the form of “forbearance in taking further action against
Derek [Cheong]”. That is too vague to be helpful. It is unclear, then, what
consideration there was, which is an obvious consequence of the lack of proper
pleading. On the vague evidence in this case, it appears that if the plaintiff
and the defendant did not know that the debtor was a bankrupt, as they claim,
then the likely consideration would have been a forbearance to sue. If the
parties knew that the debtor was a bankrupt when the purported deed was
executed, then they may have known that no proceedings can be brought against
a bankrupt without leave of court pursuant to s 76(1)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act
(Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed), and the consideration would have to be a forbearance to
file a proof of debt. Without the specific pleading, and in light of the
unsatisfactory evidence, I am of the view that the failure to plead the
consideration given is fatal to the plaintiff’s claim.

14 For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s claim is dismissed. As for the
defendant’s counterclaim for the return of the sum of $40,000 that she paid to
the plaintiff, she submits that the plaintiff was unjustly enriched as he
provided no consideration. As a consequence of my finding above, I allow her
counterclaim.

15 The plaintiff shall pay costs to the defendant to be taxed if not agreed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Adrian Tan Wen Cheng and Delson Tan Choon Yuan (August Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff;  
Kanthosamy Rajendran and Madeline Ee (RLC Law Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

