Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2020] SGHC 218

Tax Appeal No 3 of 2020

Between

Intevac Asia Pte Ltd

… Appellant

And

Comptroller of Income Tax

… Respondent

judgment

[Revenue Law] — [Income taxation] — [Deduction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Intevac Asia Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Comptroller of Income Tax

[2020] SGHC 218

High Court — Tax Appeal No 3 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
21 September 2020

12 October 2020 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the Income Tax Board of Review
(“ITBR”) affirming the Respondent’s decision to disallow the Appellant’s
claims for deductions on research and development (“R&D”) expenses incurred
under a cost-sharing agreement.

2 The Appellant, a Singapore-incorporated company, is a subsidiary of Intevac,
Inc. (“Intevac US”), a US-listed company. The Appellant and Intevac US are
both part of the Intevac group, which is engaged in the business of
manufacturing, repairing and trading in electromechanical systems and
equipment.

3 The Intevac group initially focused on designing and producing thin-film
production systems for the manufacturing of hard disk drives (“HDD”). However,
sometime in or around the mid-2000s, the Appellant received a purchase order
for a tool designed for the manufacturing of solar cells. As the Appellant did
not possess the relevant R&D capabilities to develop such a tool, the
Appellant entered into a Research and Development Services Agreement with
Intevac US dated 1 October 2008 (“the RDSA”). The RDSA provided that Intevac
US would undertake R&D activities in the US for the benefit of the Appellant.

4 In 2009, the management of the Intevac group decided to plan for the
possibility that the Appellant would expand its R&D capabilities in relation
to non-HDD products. Accordingly, the Appellant and Intevac US entered into a
Cost-Sharing Agreement dated 1 November 2009 (“the CSA”), which superseded the
RDSA. The purpose of the CSA was to allow the Appellant and Intevac US to
combine their R&D efforts and to share the costs and risks of their R&D
activities. It differed from the RDSA in the following respects:

(a) Under the RDSA, the Appellant was to acquire all beneficial and economic
rights to the Intellectual Property (“IP”) developed in the performance of the
RDSA. However, under the CSA, the Appellant and Intevac US would each acquire
the right to exploit any IP and intangible property generated in the
performance of the CSA within their respective sales territories.

(b) The Appellant was the only party that would benefit from the outcome of
the R&D activities carried out under the RDSA. However, under the CSA, both
the Appellant and Intevac US had a direct stake in any R&D developed for the
joint benefit of the parties.

5 Pursuant to the CSA, the Appellant made the following payments to Intevac US
in 2009 and 2010:

(a) the sum of US$389,012 for the period from 1 November 2009 to 31 December
2009; and

(b) the sum of US$4,463,538 for the period from 1 January 2010 to 31 December
2010 (collectively, “the Cost-Sharing Payments”).

6 The Appellant then claimed deduction of the Cost-Sharing Payments pursuant
to s 14D(1)(d) read together with s 14D(3) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134,
2008 Rev Ed) (“ITA”), which provided:

14D.—(1) For the purpose of ascertaining the income of any person carrying on
any trade or business and subject to subsection (4), the following expenditure
incurred (other than any amount which is allowable as a deduction under
section 14) by that person shall be allowed as a deduction:

(d) payments made by that person to a research and development organisation
for undertaking on his behalf outside Singapore research and development
related to that trade or business.

[…]

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1)(d), a claim for deduction shall be
allowed to a person only if —

(a) there is an undertaking by the person that any benefit which may arise
from the conduct of the research and development shall accrue to the person;
and

(b) the claim is made by the person in such manner and subject to such
conditions as the Comptroller may require.

7 The Respondent disallowed the deduction of the Cost-Sharing Payments, and
the Appellant’s appeal to the ITBR was also dismissed. The present appeal
centres on the following issues:

(a) whether the Cost-Sharing Payments qualify as payments made to Intevac US
for undertaking R&D on the Appellant’s behalf under s 14D(1)(d) of the ITA;
and

(b) whether the Appellant has satisfied the requirement under s 14D(3)(a) of
the ITA.

8 Parties are in agreement that ss 14D(1)(d) and 14D(3)(a) are to be
interpreted purposively in accordance with the approach set out in Attorney-
General v Ting Choon Meng and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 373 (“Ting Choon
Meng”) at [59]:

(a) first, the court should ascertain the possible interpretations of the
text, as it has been enacted, having due regard to the context of that text
within the written law as a whole;

(b) second, the court is to ascertain the legislative purpose or object of the
statute; and

(c) third, the court is to determine the proper interpretation of the text by
comparing the possible interpretations of the text against the objects of the
statute.

9 I will first address the meaning of s 14D(1)(d). A preliminary issue that
arose is whether the relevant timeframe to discern the ordinary meaning and
legislative intent of s 14D(1)(d) is (a) 1980, which was the year in which the
material phrase “for undertaking on behalf” was first introduced in what was
then s 14D(1)(b) of the ITA; or (b) 2008, which was the year in which the
current s 14D(1)(d) was enacted. The ITBR applied the principle that
legislative intent is to be discerned at or around the time that the law in
question is passed (see Ting Choon Meng at [18]) and held that the appropriate
timeframe was 2008.

10 I agree with the ITBR’s analysis. I need only add that s 14D(1)(b) of the
1980 ITA is not in pari materia with the current s 14D(1)(d) even though both
provisions share the phrase “for undertaking on his behalf”. Section 14D(1)(b)
of the 1980 ITA provided that deductions would be allowed on payments made to
“approved” R&D organisations. The word “approved” is omitted in the current s
14D(1)(d), which instead stipulates that deductions shall be allowed on
payments made to R&D organisations which undertake R&D on a person’s behalf
“outside Singapore”. Given these clear textual differences, the prudent and
common sense approach is to adopt the year 2008 as the reference point for
ascertaining the ordinary meaning and legislative purpose of the phrase “for
undertaking on his behalf” in s 14D(1)(d). The legislative history of s 14D
remains relevant but only to the extent that it sheds light on Parliament’s
intention in enacting s 14D(1)(d).

11 In relation to the first step of the Ting Choon Meng approach, counsel for
the Appellant, Mr Allen Tan Tiaw Kheng, submits that the phrase “for
undertaking on his behalf” is satisfied so long as there is a payment made in
return for the benefit of another party performing, carrying on, or committing
to perform R&D for the taxpayer. As such, it is irrelevant that Intevac US
could also have benefitted from the R&D performed by itself and by the
Appellant under the CSA. Conversely, counsel for the Respondent, Ms Quek Hui
Ling, argues that “for undertaking on his behalf” imports the concept of
agency, and refers to situations where the taxpayer outsources the R&D to an
organisation which then undertakes R&D wholly and exclusively for the
taxpayer’s benefit.

12 The Respondent’s interpretation is preferred as it is more consistent with
the overall statutory context. Of particular relevance is s 19C of the ITA,
which explicitly provides for the circumstances under which writing-down
allowances can be made for approved cost-sharing agreements for R&D
activities. Section 19C(1) of the 2008 ITA provided as follows:

19C.—(1) Subject to this section, where a person carrying on a trade or
business has incurred expenditure under any cost-sharing agreement entered
into and approved on or after 17th February 2006, in respect of research and
development activities for the purposes of that trade or business (referred to
in this section as the relevant trade or business), he shall, subject to such
conditions as may be imposed by the Minister or such person as he may appoint,
be entitled to a writing-down allowance of 100% of that expenditure in the
year of assessment relating to the basis period in which that expenditure was
incurred. [emphasis added]

13 In 2012, the s 19C regime was discontinued and replaced by ss 14D(1)(e) and
(f), which provide for the deduction of payments under cost-sharing agreements
from the year of assessment (“YA”) 2012 onwards. However, while the s 19C
regime does not apply to expenditure incurred during or after YA 2012, it was
still operative when s 14D(1)(d) was enacted in 2008 and thus remains relevant
to the present analysis.

14 Ms Quek argues that the opening words “subject to this section” and the
phrase “any cost sharing agreement” in s 19C(1) indicate that relief for R&D
expenses incurred under cost-sharing agreements was governed exclusively by s
19C until YA 2012. Mr Tan asserts, in response, that there is no reason why s
14D(1)(d) cannot also apply to cost-sharing arrangements, as overlapping
provisions are not uncommon within the ITA.

15 I am not persuaded by Mr Tan’s submission. That Parliament intended to
create a differentiated scheme for cost-sharing arrangements is evident from
the fact that taxpayers had to satisfy a specific set of conditions in order
to qualify for writing-down allowances under s 19C. For example, the cost-
sharing arrangement had to be “approved” by the Minister, and the Minister
could impose a cap on the amount of writing down-allowance under s 19C(2).
These conditions were not prerequisites to deduction under s 14D(1)(d).
Allowing cost-sharing expenditure to be deducted under s 14D(1)(d) would have
enabled taxpayers to circumvent the s 19C conditions via a backdoor route.
This could not have been Parliament’s intention.

16 In my view, the legislative framework created a clear demarcation between
cost-sharing arrangements where the costs and benefits of undertaking R&D are
to be shared amongst two or more parties, and arrangements in which the
benefits of undertaking R&D accrue solely to the taxpayer. In 2008, when s
14D(1)(d) was first enacted, the former category was governed exclusively by s
19C, while the latter category was governed exclusively by s 14D and its
related provisions, s 14DA and s 14E.

17 I now proceed to examine the legislative purpose or object of s 14D(1)(d).
When s 14D was first introduced in 1980, Mr Goh Chok Tong, then Minister for
Trade and Industry, explained its purpose as follows in the 1980 Annual Budget
Speech (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (5 March 1980), vol
39 at col 616):

… To encourage multinational companies to shift some of their research
activities to Singapore, as well as local industries to undertake R & D, we
shall be introducing tax concessions. …

18 Subsequently, during the Second Reading of the Income Tax (Amendment) Bill
1980 (Bill No 6/1980) (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (17
March 1980), vol 39), Mr Hon Sui Sen, then Minister for Finance, further
explained (at col 1033) that:

[The insertion of ss 14C and 14D] also provides for deduction on expenditure
incurred by new manufacturing companies on scientific research projects. The
scientific research project must be carried out in Singapore. This concession
is in line with our industrial development policy of promoting local expertise
and technology.

19 These statements collectively suggest that the purpose of s 14D was to
benefit companies in Singapore and to promote local expertise and technology.
The corollary is that s 14D was not intended to subsidise the costs of R&D
efforts which would not benefit the local economy.

20 This conclusion is buttressed by the following observation made by Dr
Richard Hu, then Minister for Finance, when he was explaining the introduction
of s 19C during the Second Reading of the Income Tax (Amendment) Bill 1993
(Bill No 23/1993) (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (30
August 1993), vol 61 at col 468):

… Currently, payments made under cost-sharing agreements are treated as
capital expenses and are therefore not tax-deductible for income tax purposes.
To encourage the transfer of technology as well as to attract research and
development activities to Singapore, clause 17 inserts a new section 19C to
allow tax deduction of payments for technology under bona-fide cost-sharing
agreements.

21 It is thus evident that s 14D had never been intended to allow relief for
payments made under cost-sharing agreements in respect of R&D activities, and
that s 19C was specifically enacted to create a new and distinct regime that
provided allowances for such cost-sharing agreements. The s 19C regime
continued to be available even after s 14D(1)(d) was enacted in 2008, and was
only discontinued in YA 2012. Seen in this light, the phrase “for undertaking
on his behalf” in s 14D(1)(d) must refer to an arrangement where payments are
made by the taxpayer to an organisation which has undertaken R&D outside
Singapore for the exclusive benefit of the taxpayer only. This is the
interpretation which best coheres with Parliament’s intention.

22 Applying this interpretation, I find that the Cost-Sharing Payments, which
were made pursuant to an arrangement involving the pooling of resources to
undertake R&D for the joint benefit of the Appellant and Intevac US, do not
fall within the ambit of s 14D(1)(d). Although the Respondent allowed
deductions for payments made under the RDSA, the CSA and the RDSA were
fundamentally different in scope and purpose. The fact that payments under the
RDSA were deductible does not inexorably lead to the conclusion that payments
under the CSA are similarly deductible.

23 I note in passing that Ms Quek asserts, in her submissions, that the
legislative intent behind s 14D(1)(d) can also be inferred from the enactment
of ss 14D(1)(e) and (f) in 2012. She argues that the introduction of ss
14D(1)(e) and (f) would have been unnecessary if s 14D(1)(d) bears the
interpretation that the Appellant seeks, but I do not think this is relevant.
Legislative amendments which took place after the enactment of s 14D(1)(d) in
2008 cannot be taken into consideration for the purposes of ascertaining the
legislative intent behind that provision. I agree with Lai Siu Chiu J who held
in BFC v Comptroller of Income Tax [2013] 4 SLR 471 at [46] that:

… [L]egislative intent is to be determined at or around the time the law is
passed. If Parliament enacts subsequent legislation having proceeded on a
particular interpretation of earlier legislation, Parliament’s interpretation
… is of no relevance to the interpretation of the earlier legislation.
Similarly, ministerial statements uttered years after legislation is passed
are unhelpful as interpretive instruments.

24 Given my conclusion on s 14D(1)(d), it is unnecessary to consider whether
the Appellant has satisfied s 14D(3)(a) of the ITA. Nevertheless, I will
briefly state my views on this issue for completeness.

25 Section 14D(3)(a) provides that the taxpayer must make an undertaking that
“any benefit which may arise from the conduct of the [R&D] shall accrue to the
[taxpayer]”. Mr Tan argues that s 14D(3)(a) merely imposes a procedural
requirement on the taxpayer to make an undertaking that it will obtain the
benefit of the intellectual property that it has paid for, if any. Since the
Appellant has furnished such an undertaking to the Comptroller, it has
satisfied all that is required under s 14D(3)(a). Conversely, Ms Quek submits
that s 14D(3)(a) requires the taxpayer to undertake that all benefits which
arise from the conduct of the R&D would accrue solely to him.

26 In my view, the ordinary meaning of s 14D(3)(a) accords with Ms Quek’s
interpretation. Read in light of the statutory context and, in particular, the
bifurcation of the ss 14D and 19C regimes at the material time, the word “any”
in s 14D(3)(a) must mean “all”, and the word “may” must mean that if there is
even an iota of benefit produced by the conduct of the R&D, such benefit must
accrue to the taxpayer.

27 Furthermore, this interpretation is consistent with Parliamentary intent,
as discerned from the extraneous materials set out above. As the Respondent
points out, if deduction of a share of R&D costs were allowed, this would lead
to a risk of “revenue leakage” whereby the State subsidises R&D expenses
without obtaining the commensurate benefits from the R&D undertaken. Mr Tan
has attempted to rebut this argument by suggesting that there is no mismatch
between the Appellant’s undertaking and the benefit which the Appellant has
obtained in this particular instance. Even if he were right, one cannot ignore
the risk of “revenue leakage” that might occur in other cases if the
Appellant’s interpretation is adopted. That is not an outcome intended by
Parliament.

28 Applying the Respondent’s interpretation of s 14D(3)(a), I find that the
Appellant has not made the requisite undertaking and that it is accordingly
disentitled to relief under s 14D(1)(d).

29 Tax Appeal 3 of 2020 is thus dismissed. I will hear arguments on costs at a
later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Allen Tan Tiaw Kheng, Soh Zi Qing Jeremiah and Ng Boon Kiat Kevin (Wong & Leow
LLC) for the appellant;  
Quek Hui Ling, Zheng Sicong and Shawn Joo Jian Hua (Inland Revenue Authority
of Singapore) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

