Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 16

Criminal Case No 19 of 2020

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

(1)| Salzawiyah Binte Latib  
---|---  
(2)| Shisham Bin Abdul Rahman  
(3)| Jumadi Bin Abdullah  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Statements] — [Voluntariness]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Salzawiyah bte Latib and others

[2021] SGHC 16

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 19 of 2020  
Tan Siong Thye J  
14–17 July, 18, 19, 21, 25–28, 31 August, 22, 23 September, 11, 12 November
2020

26 January 2021 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The first accused is Salzawiyah Binte Latib (“Salzawiyah”), a 43-year-old
female Singaporean. The second accused is Shisham Bin Abdul Rahman
(“Shisham”), a 48-year-old male Singaporean. The third accused is Jumadi Bin
Abdullah (“Jumadi”), a 47-year-old male Singaporean. I shall refer to
Salzawiyah, Shisham and Jumadi collectively as “the accused persons”.

2 At the material time, Salzawiyah and Jumadi were in a romantic relationship
and they stayed together in a rented one-bedroom condominium apartment unit at
Leville iSuites, located at 28 Ceylon Road, Singapore (“the Unit”). Shisham
was Jumadi’s friend, who stayed at the Unit the few weeks prior to the accused
persons’ arrests.

3 This is a joint trial of the accused persons conducted under s 143(a) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). Initially, each of the
accused persons faced one charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) and s 34 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) for trafficking in not less than
42.27g (analysed weight) of diamorphine in furtherance of the common intention
of them all.

4 In the midst of the trial, the Prosecution unconditionally reduced the
charge against Salzawiyah, based on compassionate grounds, to a non-capital
charge of trafficking in diamorphine. But Salzawiyah still faces a charge for
the offence of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA and s
34 of the Penal Code, except that the analysed weight of diamorphine reflected
in her charge was amended to “not less than 14.99g” rather than “not less than
42.27g”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit A1.1; Notes of Evidence (“NEs”), 26 August 2020, at p 2, line 24 to p
5, line 21.

However, the gross weight of the diamorphine in her amended charge remains the
same as in the charges against the other accused persons, ie, 3,307.92g.

5 The charges against the accused persons were amended at the end of the trial
to exclude some of the diamorphine that had initially formed part of the
subject matter of the accused persons’ charges. The Prosecution has accepted
Jumadi’s assertion in his statements that some packets found in the Unit were
meant for his consumption. However, in the computation of the diamorphine for
the purpose of trafficking in the original charges against the accused
persons, the Prosecution had erroneously included three packets of diamorphine
seized from the Unit marked B1B, B1C1 and B1D1 which Jumadi said were for his
own consumption. Accordingly, the Prosecution amended the charges against the
accused persons. The charges against Shisham and Jumadi were amended to
reflect a lower gross weight and analysed weight of the diamorphine. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”), at para 31.

The charge against Salzawiyah was also amended to show a lower gross weight of
diamorphine but the analysed weight of diamorphine remains unchanged (ie,
14.99g).

6 The amended charge against Jumadi was framed as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Exhibit A3.1.

You, [Jumadi Bin Abdullah]

…

are charged that you, on 22 June 2017, at about 2.15 pm, at unit 02-04 Leville
iSuites, 28 Ceylon Road, Singapore, together with one Shisham Bin Abdul
Rahman, NRIC No S[xxxx]197F, and one Salzawiyah Binte Latib, NRIC No
S[xxxx]495J, in furtherance of the common intention of you all, did traffic in
a Class A controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (‘MDA’), to wit, by having in your possession, 127
packets containing not less than 3,280.06g of granular/powdery substance,
which was analysed and found to contain not less than 41.86g of diamorphine,
for the purpose of trafficking, without authorisation under the MDA or the
Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA and read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed), which is punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA, and further,
upon your conviction for the said offence, you may alternatively be liable to
be punished under s 33B of the MDA.

[emphasis in original]

7 The amended charge against Shisham was framed as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Exhibit A2.1.

You, [Shisham Bin Abdul Rahman]

…

are charged that you, on 22 June 2017, at about 2.15 pm, at unit 02-04 Leville
iSuites, 28 Ceylon Road, Singapore, together with one Jumadi Bin Abdullah,
NRIC No S[xxxx]319J, and one Salzawiyah Binte Latib, NRIC No S[xxxx]495J, in
furtherance of the common intention of you all, did traffic in a Class A
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (‘MDA’), to wit, by having in your possession, 127 packets
containing not less than 3,280.06g of granular/powdery substance, which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 41.86g of diamorphine, for the
purpose of trafficking, without authorisation under the MDA or the Regulations
made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 5(2) of the MDA and read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed), which is punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA, and further, upon
your conviction for the said offence, you may alternatively be liable to be
punished under s 33B of the MDA.

[emphasis in original]

8 The further amended charge against Salzawiyah was framed as follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Exhibit A1.2.

You, [Salzawiyah Binte Latib]

…

are charged that you, on 22 June 2017, at about 2.15 pm, at unit 02-04 Leville
iSuites, 28 Ceylon Road, Singapore, together with one Jumadi Bin Abdullah,
NRIC No S[xxxx]319J, and one Shisham Bin Abdul Rahman, NRIC No S[xxxx]197F, in
furtherance of the common intention of you all, did traffic in a Class A
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (‘MDA’), to wit, by having in your possession, 127 packets
containing not less than 3,280.06g of granular/powdery substance, which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 14.99g of diamorphine, for the
purpose of trafficking, without authorisation under the MDA or the Regulations
made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 5(2) of the MDA and read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed), which is punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA.

[emphasis in original]

9 On 12 November 2020, the above charges against the accused persons were read
and explained to them. They indicated that they intended to claim trial to
these charges. Their respective counsel confirmed that there was no need to
call further witnesses or recall witnesses. The amended charges would not
prejudice them, as the amount of diamorphine stated in the charges had in fact
been lowered.

10 If convicted, Jumadi and Shisham are still liable to capital punishment
under s 33(1) of the MDA read with the Second Schedule to the MDA, unless s
33B of the MDA applies. On the other hand, Salzawiyah, if convicted, faces a
minimum custodial sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and a maximum custodial
sentence of 30 years’ imprisonment or imprisonment for life, pursuant to s
33(1) of the MDA read with the Second Schedule to the MDA.

The facts

The arrests

11 On 22 June 2017 at or about 2.13pm, a party of Central Narcotics Bureau
(“CNB”) officers raided the Unit. Upon entering the Unit, the CNB officers
arrested the accused persons. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”), at paras 6–7.

12 The CNB officers searched the Unit and seized a variety of drugs besides
diamorphine, such as methamphetamine (ice), cannabis, methadone, nimetazepam
(Erimin 5), ecstasy, etc. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ASOF, at para 40.

There were also many drug trafficking paraphernalia found in the Unit such as
digital weighing scales, numerous small empty plastic sachets, an electric
plastic sealer, etc. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Exhibits A1G1, A2C1, A2E1, A2G1, C4, C5, E2.

The following packets of diamorphine which form the subject matter of the
amended charges against the accused persons were recovered from different
locations of the Unit. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Prosecution’s Opening Statement, para 12.

(a) A red bag (marked A1) was recovered from the floor near the television
console in the Unit’s living room. Drug trafficking paraphernalia and
diamorphine of various quantities were found in the red bag. The diamorphine
that constitutes a portion of the gross diamorphine reflected in the charges
was found in four taped bundles (marked A1A, A1B, A1C, and A1D) and two black
packets (marked A1E and A1F) in the red bag. The taped bundles and black
packets contained the following:

(i) the bundle marked A1A contained one packet of diamorphine (marked A1A1);

(ii) the bundle marked A1B contained one packet of diamorphine (marked A1B1);

(iii) the bundle marked A1C contained one packet of diamorphine (marked A1C1);

(iv) the bundle marked A1D contained one packet of diamorphine (marked A1D1);

(v) the black packet marked A1E contained 32 sachets of diamorphine (marked
A1E1); and

(vi) the black packet marked A1F contained 30 sachets of diamorphine (marked
A1F1).

(b) A camouflage print haversack bag (marked A2) was also recovered from the
floor near the television console in the Unit’s living room. There was also
drug trafficking paraphernalia inside this bag. Diamorphine of various
quantities was also found in this bag. The diamorphine that constitutes a
portion of the gross diamorphine reflected in the charges was found in a taped
bundle (marked A2A) which contained one packet of diamorphine (marked A2A1).

(c) A pink box (marked B1) was recovered from the floor beside the living room
sofa at the location marked with the placard “B”. Drug trafficking
paraphernalia was also found inside the pink box together with other types of
drugs. The diamorphine that constitutes a portion of the gross diamorphine
reflected in the charges was found in the pink box and this is one transparent
re-sealable bag (marked B1A) containing ten sachets of diamorphine (marked
B1A1).

(d) The following diamorphine that constitutes a portion of the gross
diamorphine reflected in the charges was recovered from the bed located inside
the Unit’s bedroom together with other drug trafficking paraphernalia:

(i) one silver bag (marked D1), containing five sachets of diamorphine (marked
D1A);

(ii) one transparent re-sealable bag (marked D2), containing ten sachets of
diamorphine (marked D2A);

(iii) one transparent re-sealable bag (marked D3), containing five sachets of
diamorphine (marked D3A);

(iv) one transparent re-sealable bag (marked D4), containing five sachets of
diamorphine (marked D4A); and

(v) one dark-coloured re-sealable bag (marked D5), containing 11 sachets of
diamorphine (marked D5A).

(e) The following diamorphine that constitutes a portion of the gross
diamorphine reflected in the charges was recovered from the top right
compartment of a wardrobe located in the Unit’s bedroom together with other
drug trafficking paraphernalia:

(i) a silver bag (marked E1B) containing one packet of diamorphine (marked
E1B1); and

(ii) 13 sachets of diamorphine (marked E1E).

The accused persons’ statements

13 Following the raid, a total of seven statements were recorded from
Salzawiyah between 22 June 2017 and 20 April 2018. Salzawiyah’s counsel
confirmed that all her statements had been given by her voluntarily without
any inducement, threat or promise. Therefore, they were admitted as evidence.
These statements were taken on the following occasions:

(a) On 22 June 2017, the day of her arrest, at about 4.27pm, Senior Staff
Sergeant (“SSSgt”) Norizan Binte Merabzul recorded a contemporaneous statement
from Salzawiyah. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1 AB 837, para 11; 841–848.

(b) On 23 June 2017, from about 7.03am to about 7.45am, SSSgt Asilah Binte
Rahman (“SSSgt Asilah”) recorded the cautioned statement from Salzawiyah,
pursuant to s 23 of the CPC. SSSgt Asilah also served as the interpreter for
Salzawiyah, as Salzawiyah chose to give her statement in Malay. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2 AB 968–969, paras 3–6.

(c) On subsequent occasions, five long statements were taken from Salzawiyah,
pursuant to s 22 of the CPC, as follows:

(i) a statement recorded on 28 June 2017 by SSSgt Asilah, who concurrently
served as Salzawiyah’s interpreter, from about 2.48pm to about 5.25pm
(“Salzawiyah’s First Long Statement”); 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2 AB 970, paras 9–11.

(ii) a statement recorded on 28 June 2017 by SSSgt Asilah, who concurrently
served as Salzawiyah’s interpreter, from about 7.25pm to about 9.26pm
(“Salzawiyah’s Second Long Statement”); 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2 AB 971, paras 13–15.

(iii) a statement recorded on 29 June 2017 by SSSgt Asilah, who concurrently
served as Salzawiyah’s interpreter, from about 10.37am to about 12.09pm
(“Salzawiyah’s Third Long Statement”); 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2 AB 972, paras 17–19.

(iv) a statement recorded on 29 June 2017 by SSSgt Asilah, who concurrently
served as Salzawiyah’s interpreter, from about 2.52pm to about 5.10pm
(“Salzawiyah’s Fourth Long Statement”); 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2 AB 973–974, paras 23–25.

and

(v) a statement recorded on 20 April 2018 by Investigation Officer Station
Inspector Yip Lai Peng (“IO Yip”) in English, from about 10.20am to about
10.42am (“Salzawiyah’s Fifth Long Statement”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

2 AB 1069–1070, paras 92–95.

14 Shisham gave a total of seven statements between 22 June 2017 and 3
November 2017. Shisham’s counsel confirmed that all his statements had been
given by him voluntarily without any inducement, threat or promise. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NEs, 15 July 2020, at p 86, lines 1–13.

Hence, the statements were also admitted as evidence. These statements were
taken on the following occasions:

(a) On 22 June 2017, on the day of his arrest, at about 4.25pm, Sergeant
(“Sgt”) Muhammad Hidayat Bin Jasni recorded a contemporaneous statement from
Shisham. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1 AB 867, para 11.

(b) On 23 June 2017, from about 7.12am to about 7.34am, IO Yip recorded the
cautioned statement from Shisham, pursuant to s 23 of the CPC (“Shisham’s
Cautioned Statement”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2 AB 1051–1052, paras 25–29.

Mr Mohammad Faiz Bin Mohammad Isa (“Mr Faiz”) served as the interpreter for
Shisham, as Shisham chose to give his statement in Malay. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2 AB 946, para 2.

(c) On subsequent occasions, IO Yip recorded four long statements from
Shisham, pursuant to s 22 of the CPC. Mr Faiz served as the interpreter for
Shisham on each occasion, as follows:

(i) a statement recorded on 27 June 2017, from about 7.02pm to about 9.31pm
(“Shisham’s First Long Statement”); 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

2 AB 949–950, paras 13–15; 2 AB 1055–1056, paras 37–39.

(ii) a statement recorded on 29 June 2017, from about 3.22pm to about 6.06pm
(“Shisham’s Second Long Statement”); 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

2 AB 954, paras 28–30; 2 AB 1060, paras 55–57.

(iii) a statement recorded on 29 June 2017, from about 8.55pm to about
10.17pm; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

2 AB 955, paras 31–33; 2 AB 1061, paras 58–60.

and

(iv) a statement recorded on 3 November 2017, from about 2.34pm to about
3.14pm. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2 AB 959–960, paras 44–46; 2 AB 1067–1068, paras 83–85.

(d) One other long statement was recorded from Shisham by SSSgt Jennifer Lim
(“SSSgt Lim”) pursuant to s 22 of the CPC on 1 November 2017 at about 2.23pm.

15 Jumadi gave a total of eleven statements between 22 June 2017 and 6 March
2018 (“Jumadi’s Statements”). These Statements were taken on the following
occasions:

(a) On 22 June 2017, on the day of his arrest, at about 2.25pm, SSSgt Muhammad
Fardlie Bin Ramlie (“SSSgt Fardlie”) recorded a contemporaneous statement from
Jumadi (“the First Contemporaneous Statement”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1 AB 893, para 7.

(b) On 22 June 2017, from about 4.25pm to about 5.02pm, SSSgt Fardlie recorded
another contemporaneous statement from Jumadi (“the Second Contemporaneous
Statement”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1 AB 898, para 21.

(c) On 23 June 2017, from about 7.41am to about 8.09am, IO Yip recorded the
cautioned statement from Jumadi, pursuant to s 23 of the CPC (“Jumadi’s
Cautioned Statement”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2 AB 1053–1054, paras 30–34.

Mr Faiz served as the interpreter for Jumadi, as Jumadi chose to give his
statement in Malay. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2 AB 946, para 2.

(d) On subsequent occasions, IO Yip recorded five long statements from Jumadi,
pursuant to s 22 of the CPC. Mr Faiz served as the interpreter for Jumadi on
each occasion, as follows:

(i) a statement recorded on 28 June 2017, from about 3.46pm to about 6.11pm
(“Jumadi’s First Long Statement”); 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

2 AB 950–951, paras 16–18; 2 AB 1056–1057, paras 40–42.

(ii) a statement recorded on 29 June 2017, from about 10.44am to about 1.21pm
(“Jumadi’s Second Long Statement”); 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

2 AB 951–952, paras 19–21; 2 AB 1057–1058, paras 45–47.

(iii) a statement recorded on 3 July 2017, from about 2.14pm to about 6.54pm
(“Jumadi’s Third Long Statement”); 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

2 AB 956, paras 34–36; 2 AB 1062, paras 61–63.

(iv) a statement recorded on 4 July 2017, from about 10.14am to about 2.56pm
(“Jumadi’s Fourth Long Statement”); 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2 AB 957–958, paras 37–40; 2 AB 1063–1064, paras 65–68.

and

(v) a statement recorded on 6 July 2017, from about 3.30pm to about 6.21pm
(“Jumadi’s Fifth Long Statement”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

2 AB 958–959, paras 41–43; 2 AB 1064–1065, paras 70–72.

(e) On subsequent occasions, SSSgt Hamidah Binte Abdul Samat (“SSSgt Hamidah”)
recorded two long statements from Jumadi, pursuant to s 22 of the CPC. SSSgt
Hamidah concurrently served as Jumadi’s interpreter:

(i) a statement recorded on 19 October 2017, at about 2.45pm (“Jumadi’s Sixth
Long Statement”); 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Exhibit P452; PS48.

and

(ii) a statement recorded on 6 March 2018, at about 3.30pm (“Jumadi’s Seventh
Long Statement”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Exhibit P453; PS48.

(f) On 15 December 2017, at about 2.10pm, SSSgt Lim recorded one long
statement from Jumadi, pursuant to s 22 of the CPC (“Jumadi’s Eighth Long
Statement”).

16 At the trial, Jumadi objected to his Statements being admitted into
evidence, on the ground that the Statements were made involuntarily as they
had been given by reason of a promise that had been made to him by SSSgt
Fardlie, which was subsequently reinforced and perpetuated by IO Yip. I shall
examine Jumadi’s objection in greater detail below.

HSA analysis

17 Subsequently, the exhibits that were seized by the CNB officers from the
Unit were sent for analysis by the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”). This
included the abovementioned 127 packets/sachets of diamorphine that were
recovered from the Unit which form the subject matter of the charges against
the accused persons. HSA’s analysis revealed that the 127 packets/sachets
contained at least 41.86g of diamorphine (“the Drugs”), as follows: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ASOF, paras 40–41; Prosecution’s Opening Statement, at para 13.

Exhibit No| Description| Raw weight of diamorphine (g)| Analysed weight of
diamorphine (g)  
---|---|---|---  
A1A1| One packet of diamorphine | 436.5| 4.87  
A1B1| One packet of diamorphine | 429.6| 4.61  
A1C1| One packet of diamorphine | 432.1| 5.83  
A1D1| One packet of diamorphine | 420.3| 3.73  
A1E1| 32 sachets of diamorphine | 241.7| 2.77  
A1F1| 30 sachets of diamorphine| 225.4| 2.41  
A2A1| One packet of diamorphine | 427.1| 7.83  
B1A1| Ten sachets of diamorphine| 75.35| 0.89  
D1A| Five sachets of diamorphine | 34.48| 0.73  
D2A| Ten sachets of diamorphine | 75.34| 1.30  
D3A| Five sachets of diamorphine| 37.82| 0.72  
D4A| Three sachets of diamorphine| 22.35| 0.29  
Two sachets of diamorphine| 15.10| 0.31  
D5A| Five sachets of diamorphine | 34.27| 0.55  
Six sachets of diamorphine| 45.25| 1.08  
E1B1| One packet of diamorphine | 224.5| 2.56  
E1E| 13 sachets of diamorphine| 102.9| 1.38  
Total| 3,280.06| 41.86  
  
18 Upon analysis by the HSA, five of the seven digital weighing scales were
found to be stained as follows: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1 AB 691–693, 695–697, 715.

Exhibit No| Description| Analysis  
---|---|---  
C4| One digital weighing scale| Stained with diamorphine and
tetrahydrocannabinol  
C5| One digital weighing scale| Stained with diamorphine  
A1G1| One digital weighing scale| Stained with diamorphine and
tetrahydrocannabinol  
A2C1| One digital weighing scale| Stained with diamorphine  
A2E1| One digital weighing scale| Stained with diamorphine and methamphetamine  
  
19 On the morning of 23 June 2017, urine samples were taken from the accused
persons. The analysis of the urine samples by the HSA revealed the following:

(a) Salzawiyah’s urine sample contained methamphetamine and nimetazepam. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

1 AB 643, 646, 652 and 655.

(b) Shisham’s urine sample contained methamphetamine and monoacetylmorphine.
The presence of the latter is the result of consumption of diamorphine. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1 AB 645, 648, 654 and 657.

(c) Jumadi’s urine sample contained methamphetamine and morphine. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1 AB 644, 647, 653 and 656.

The parties’ cases

The Prosecution’s case

20 According to the Prosecution, on 21 June 2017, Shisham called his Malaysian
supplier, “Ah Neh” (also known as “Vishu” or “Vishnu”), using his mobile
phone. The phone was placed on loudspeaker mode. Jumadi spoke to Vishu, who
suggested that Jumadi purchase five batu of heroin (a street name for
diamorphine) in anticipation of the upcoming Hari Raya holiday. Literally
translated, “batu” is the Malay word for “stone”. However, for people involved
in drug trafficking, “batu” refers to one bundle of approximately 450g of
unwashed diamorphine, or one pound of unwashed diamorphine. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Exhibit C.

Vishu agreed to sell the five batu to Jumadi partially on credit, such that
Jumadi could obtain the five batu by making an upfront payment of $10,000 in
cash. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Prosecution’s Opening Statement, at para 8.

According to the Prosecution, this call occurred at about 4pm. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Exhibit G, at p 28.

21 Jumadi then asked Salzawiyah how much cash was available, to which
Salzawiyah replied that she had $10,000. Jumadi asked for the $10,000 and
explained that he needed the money to buy more diamorphine over the Hari Raya
holiday. Salzawiyah agreed to give Jumadi the $10,000. Subsequently, Jumadi
instructed Shisham to confirm the order of five batu of diamorphine with
Vishu. Shisham complied with Jumadi’s instructions. According to the
Prosecution, Vishu called Shisham several times at 6.57pm, 7.27pm and 11pm on
21 June 2017 to confirm the order of the five batu and inform him of the
details for the collection of the five batu. When the calls were made, Jumadi
and Shisham were outside of the Unit at separate locations. Shisham then
informed Jumadi via a text message at about 11.35pm on 21 June 2017 that the
diamorphine would be ready for collection at 10am the next day. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Prosecution’s Opening Statement, at paras 8–9; Exhibit G, at p 30.

22 On the morning of 22 June 2017, at about 7.12am, Shisham was informed by
Vishu via a phone call that the diamorphine would be ready for collection in
the afternoon that day. At 9.29am, Vishu called Shisham to inform him that the
courier had arrived in Singapore so he and Jumadi could collect the five batu.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Exhibit G, at pp 31 and 32.

At or about 10am that day, Jumadi drove Shisham to the agreed collection point
using a vehicle bearing registration number SLF1050A (“the Car”), which Jumadi
had rented. Jumadi brought with him $11,000 in cash. After Shisham made a
phone call to inform that they had arrived, an Indian male approached the Car
and got into the rear passenger seat. As Jumadi drove off, Shisham handed over
$11,000 in cash to the Indian male and collected a red bag (“the red bag”)
containing five bundles wrapped in black tape (“the Bundles”). The Indian male
alighted from the Car soon thereafter. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Prosecution’s Opening Statement, at para 10.

23 Jumadi and Shisham then returned to the Unit, where Salzawiyah was. Jumadi
checked the Bundles and partially removed the black tape on one of the Bundles
to confirm its contents. According to the Prosecution, this was the taped
bundle marked A2A. Thereafter, he placed the taped bundle marked A2A into his
camouflage print haversack bag (“the camouflage bag”). The other four Bundles
marked A1A, A1B, A1C and A1D remained in the red bag. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Prosecution’s Opening Statement, at para 11.

24 In respect of the rest of the Drugs found in the Unit, the Prosecution
submits that these were from previous drug orders made by the accused persons
for the purpose of their drug trafficking activities. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Prosecution’s Opening Statement, at para 15.

25 For the above reasons, the Prosecution’s cases against the accused persons
are as follows: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Prosecution’s Opening Statement, at para 25; PCS, at para 30.

(a) In relation to Jumadi, the Prosecution’s case is that he had actual
possession and actual knowledge of the Drugs, and that he intended to traffic
in them, in furtherance of the common intention with Shisham and Salzawiyah.
Alternatively, Jumadi had actual possession and actual knowledge of the Drugs,
and he is unable to rebut the presumption of trafficking under s 17(c) of the
MDA.

(b) In relation to Shisham, the Prosecution’s case is that he is deemed to be
in possession of the Drugs by virtue of s 18(4) of the MDA, because he knew
and consented to Jumadi’s possession of them. Furthermore, he had actual
knowledge of the nature of the Drugs, or alternatively, he is presumed under s
18(2) of the MDA to know the nature of the Drugs, and he is unable to rebut
this presumption. Moreover, Shisham intended to traffic in the Drugs, in
furtherance of the common intention with Jumadi and Salzawiyah.

(c) In relation to Salzawiyah, the Prosecution’s case is that Salzawiyah is
deemed to be in possession of the Drugs by virtue of s 18(4) of the MDA,
because she knew and consented to Jumadi’s possession of them, or
alternatively, she is presumed to be in possession of the Drugs by virtue of s
18(1) of the MDA. Further, Salzawiyah is presumed under s 18(2) of the MDA to
know the nature of the Drugs, and she is unable to rebut this presumption.
Moreover, Salzawiyah intended to traffic in the Drugs, in furtherance of the
common intention with Jumadi and Shisham.

Jumadi’s case

26 Jumadi denies that he intended to possess the Drugs for the purpose of
trafficking, neither did the accused persons had a common intention to possess
the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Opening Statement for the Defence of the 3rd Accused, dated 21 August 2020
(“3DOS”), at paras 2–3.

Rather, he only intended to possess 14.67g of diamorphine for the purpose of
trafficking. This 14.67g of diamorphine is made up of the packets of
diamorphine marked A1A1, A1D1, A1E1, and A1F1 that were found in the red bag
and B1A1 which was in the pink box. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

3DOS, at para 5; Jumadi’s Closing Submissions (“3DCS”), at para 9(1).

These drugs were found in the Unit’s living room. Jumadi’s explanation for the
rest of the Drugs found in the Unit is two-fold. First, the three bundles of
diamorphine marked A1B, A1C and A2A had been mistakenly delivered by Vishu and
he had intended to return them. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

3DOS, at paras 4(c)–(e).

Second, the packets of diamorphine found in the bedroom of the Unit belonged
to Salzawiyah for her to sell to her own customers without Jumadi’s knowledge.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

3DOS, at para 4(h).

Jumadi’s account of the drug trafficking operation

27 Jumadi testified that he was the person in charge of the drug trafficking
operation. He was the one who made the “final decision” and “call[ed] the
shots”. Jumadi explained that he would pass the proceeds of sale of the
diamorphine to Salzawiyah, as he had a “habit [of] not being able to save
money”. Each time Jumadi handed over moneys to Salzawiyah, she would ask
Jumadi to write down the sales in a notebook. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 43, lines 11–22; p 49, lines 7–21.

Salzawiyah also helped Jumadi to pack and sell the diamorphine. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 47, line 18.

When Jumadi needed money to purchase more drugs, he would ask Salzawiyah for a
specific amount and would tell her that it was for purchasing drugs, although
he would not tell her the exact quantity of drugs. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 38, line 14 to p 39, line 3.

28 Jumadi testified that between December 2016 and April 2017, he had been
buying and selling “half set[s]” of diamorphine. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

3DCS, at para 16.

Each half set contained five packets and each packet contained about 7.5g to
8g of diamorphine, totalling about 37.5g to 40g. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 43, line 32 to p 44, line 5.

After moving into the Unit in April 2017, Jumadi continued to buy and sell
diamorphine. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 46, lines 15–17; p 48, lines 6–8.

He began to buy diamorphine in larger quantities, specifically, two to three
sets (totalling 150g to 240g) at a time, out of which he kept a few packets
for his consumption. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 48, lines 12–27; p 49, lines 25–30; 3DCS, at para
19.

In June 2017, Jumadi began buying half batu (containing three sets) to one
batu (containing six sets) of diamorphine. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 50, lines 2–4.

Subsequently, this increased to one or two batu. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 56, lines 28–30.

29 The drugs that he bought pursuant to the drug trafficking operation would
be paid for in cash. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 57, lines 13–16.

Usually, Jumadi would drive Shisham to the relevant location to pick up the
diamorphine. At the location, the courier, the person who delivered the drugs,
would board the car. Jumadi would pass the courier the cash and either Jumadi
or Shisham would take the diamorphine from the courier. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 57, line 21 to p 58, line 6; 3DCS, at para 27.

Typically, Jumadi would thereafter drive back to the Unit, at which he would
weigh the diamorphine to check it. The diamorphine would then be cut out of
its wrapping, crushed and packed into smaller packets. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 58, line 7 to p 59, line 16,

Events on 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017

30 On the evening of 21 June 2017, Jumadi’s Malaysian supplier known as Vishu
called Shisham’s mobile phone on four occasions. During all of these calls,
Jumadi spoke to Vishu using Shisham’s mobile phone which was placed on
loudspeaker mode. The first call took place at 6.57pm, when Vishu asked if
Jumadi or Shisham wanted to order diamorphine. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 61, line 21 to p 62, line 1; Prosecution’s
Supplementary Bundle (“PSB”) 757, S/N 34.

Jumadi informed Vishu that he wanted to purchase two batu of diamorphine.
Vishu suggested that Jumadi buy five batu as Hari Raya was approaching and the
barang would not be available then. “Barang” is literally translated to
“item”, although it is sometimes used to refer to drugs. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Exhibit C.

Jumadi was shocked and asked Vishu to call him back. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 62, lines 4–17.

31 The second call was at 7.27pm. When Jumadi told Vishu that he did not have
enough money to purchase five batu, Vishu offered to allow Jumadi to take the
batu on credit and repay him after the diamorphine was sold. Jumadi declined
as it was “troublesome” and told Vishu to call back at 11pm, as Jumadi was
expecting to be paid some money at 10pm. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 61, line 18 to p 62, line 22; PSB 757, S/N 33.

32 The third call was at 11pm, and lasted for about 19 seconds. When Vishu
asked Jumadi to confirm if he was taking the five batu, Jumadi asked Vishu to
call him back as he could not hear him clearly. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 3, lines 1–5; PSB 756, S/N 30.

The final call was shortly after, still at 11pm, during which Jumadi told
Vishu that he could only take two batu. Vishu then told Jumadi to collect the
two batu at 9am. Jumadi confirmed with Vishu that the two batu would cost
$6,800. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 3, line 6 to p 4, line 2; PSB 756, S/N 29.

During these calls, Jumadi and Shisham were in the living room of the Unit,
smoking diamorphine and methamphetamine. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 63, lines 24–29; 27 August 2020, at p 5, lines
10–13.

33 On the morning of 22 June 2017, before 8.30am, Jumadi went to the bedroom
of the Unit and saw an “ang pow” placed in a black tray. He took the ang pow,
telling Salzawiyah that he was taking the money in order to buy barang. At the
time, Salzawiyah was lying on the bed with her eyes closed and did not respond
to Jumadi. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 6 lines 3–11; p 7, lines 12–22.

Jumadi then went to the living room of the Unit, where he counted there to be
$7,000 in the ang pow. He placed the $7,000 in a brown envelope, $6,800 was
for the two batu, and the remaining $200 was a tip for the courier. In
addition to the $7,000, he had in his possession another $2,000 to $3,000,
which he intended to use to top up petrol, pay the car rental and purchase
items such as cigarettes, food and groceries. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 9, line 23 to p 10, line 26.

34 Jumadi and Shisham left the Unit at about 8.30am. Jumadi drove the Car to
Changi South Lane, with Shisham seated in the front passenger seat. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 10, line 27 to p 11, line 3.

At 9.02am, Jumadi and Shisham received another call from Vishu, asking them
for their whereabouts. After Jumadi replied on the loudspeaker that he had
arrived, Vishu hung up the call. A male Indian courier boarded the Car,
sitting in the rear passenger seat behind Shisham. The courier passed Jumadi
the red bag containing the barang, which Jumadi placed near Shisham’s feet.
Jumadi took out the brown envelope and gave it to the courier. The courier
then alighted and Jumadi drove away. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 11, line 7 to p 12, line 7; PSB 756, S/N 14.

35 About five to ten minutes later, Jumadi instructed Shisham to check the red
bag. Shisham did so and informed Jumadi that there were more barang. At
9.29am, Jumadi and Shisham received another call from Vishu. Vishu told Jumadi
to check if he had received more barang, as the courier had made a mistake in
the delivery. Jumadi told Vishu to call him back as he was driving.
Thereafter, Jumadi and Shisham returned to the Unit before 10am. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 12, line 20 to p 14, line 14; PSB 756, S/N 13.

36 After returning to the Unit, Jumadi took out one of the smaller batu from
the red bag, unwrapped the side of it, looked at its colour and put it inside
the camouflage bag. He took out two packets (marked A1E and A1F) from the
camouflage bag and put them in the red bag. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 18, lines 1–29.

He then asked Shisham to call Vishu. Jumadi asked Vishu about the extra
barang. Vishu told Jumadi to hide the three smaller batu at the ground floor
of Jumadi’s house, so that his courier could take them from around 4pm to 5pm.
Jumadi told Vishu that he had already removed both sides of one batu, which
Vishu assured him was fine. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 18, line 30 to p 20, line 8.

37 At around 12pm, Jumadi asked Shisham to survey the area and find a suitable
place to hide the three batu. Shisham did so and returned to the Unit within
15 to 20 minutes. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 22, lines 12–21.

Jumadi’s knowledge and/or possession of the Drugs

38 According to Jumadi’s account as explained above, as at 21 June 2017, he
had one batu and ten packets of diamorphine in his possession for the purpose
of trafficking. These consisted of the 32 packets of diamorphine marked A1E1,
the 30 packets of diamorphine marked A1F1, and the ten packets of diamorphine
marked B1A1. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

3DOS, at para 4(b); NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 37, lines 19–22; 27 August 2020,
at p 25, lines 26–28.

39 On 22 June 2017, after he collected the barang from Vishu, Jumadi had an
additional five batu of diamorphine. Out of the five batu, he intended to
return three of the bundles (marked A1B, A1C and A2A) (“the Three Bundles”) to
Vishu. Jumadi intended to keep the remaining two bundles (marked A1A and A1B)
for the purposes of trafficking. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 24, lines 5–30.

40 As for the packets marked D1A, D2A, D3A, D4A, D5A, E1B1 and E1E found in
the bedroom of the Unit, Jumadi testified that he had no knowledge of them. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 26, lines 15–20; p 27, lines 4–8.

Rather, these belonged to Salzawiyah for sale to her own customers without
informing him. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

3DOS, at para 4(h).

Jumadi further testified that, occasionally, Salzawiyah would ask him for the
diamorphine that he had bought, and sell this diamorphine to her own
customers. He did not know the price at which she sold the diamorphine nor
what she did with the proceeds of sale. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 44, line 27 to p 45, line 10.

Salzawiyah’s case

41 Salzawiyah admits to being involved in the drug trafficking operation but
disputes the quantity of diamorphine that she had intended to traffic. In
particular, she claimed that she did not know of the Bundles. Thus, of all the
Drugs found in the Unit, she only had knowledge of certain packets containing
a total of 9.81g of diamorphine which were found in the pink box (B1A) in the
living room and those packets of diamorphine in the bedroom of the Unit.

Salzawiyah’s involvement in the drug trafficking operation

42 Salzawiyah admitted that she was involved in the drug trafficking operation
with Jumadi and Shisham, as follows: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Salzawiyah’s Closing Submissions (“1DCS”), at para 31; PCS, at para 137.

(a) She helped to pack the diamorphine into smaller packets of about 8g each.
The diamorphine would be packed into the transparent packets, and these
packets would be placed in a black plastic bag. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Exhibit P62; NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 70, lines 18–19; 25 August 2020, at p
27, lines 4–14.

(b) She recorded the transactions relating to the sale of the diamorphine in
various notebooks. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 70, lines 20–21.

(c) She helped to safekeep the proceeds of sale of the diamorphine. The moneys
were kept in an envelope, which was placed in a black tray kept under the bed
in the bedroom of the Unit. Salzawiyah explained that, if Jumadi needed money
to buy drugs, he would typically take the money from the envelope without
asking her. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 76, lines 21–22; 25 August 2020, at p 26, lines
14–21; 26 August 2020, at p 25, lines 7–15.

(d) Salzawiyah also helped to deliver the drugs, coordinate deliveries,
recruit drug runners for drug deliveries, as well as deal with the complaints
from customers. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 70, line 28 to p 71, line 1; p 72, line 27 to p 73,
line 29.

43 However, Salzawiyah testified that she had stopped her involvement in the
drug trafficking operation by June 2017. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 73, lines 30–32; 1DCS, at para 31.

Around 10 June 2017, she had informed Jumadi that she no longer wanted to be
involved in the recording of drug transactions. That was why the entries in
the notebook marked A2K (“the Notebook”) were mostly made by Jumadi. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 75, lines 1–17.

A few days before 22 June 2017, she stopped helping Jumadi to pack
diamorphine. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 70, line 32 to p 71, line 4.

44 Furthermore, Salzawiyah’s evidence was that, since December 2016, she had
discouraged Jumadi from trafficking in drugs. When Jumadi first proposed the
idea of selling drugs in or around December 2016, she rejected it as “crazy”.
However, she went along with the idea because Jumadi usually had the final say
in most matters and she would listen to him. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 16–25.

In or around the end of May 2017, when Jumadi first bought a batu of
diamorphine, Salzawiyah again told him that he was “crazy”. She cried and
tried to discourage Jumadi from buying so much diamorphine. She had also told
Jumadi several times that she was scared. However, he did not listen to her.
95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 52, line 15 to p 53, line 3 and line 20; 1DCS, at
paras 26–27.

45 When Jumadi introduced Shisham to Salzawiyah, she “nagged” at him and
“voiced her disagreement”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 53, lines 7–13; p 53, line 28 to p 54, line 2.

In court, Salzawiyah explained that she was concerned that, with Shisham’s
involvement, Jumadi would be able to obtain diamorphine more easily and “ramp
up his business”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1DCS, at paras 33–34.

This turned out to be the case. Salzawiyah testified that, since it became
easier for Jumadi to obtain diamorphine, he was often busy with the barang. As
a result, he would not return to the Unit about two to three nights a week. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 54, lines 4–30; 25 August 2020, at p 58, lines
21–24.

Events on 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017

46 Salzawiyah testified that, on 21 June 2017, the day before the accused
persons’ arrests, Salzawiyah and Jumadi quarrelled at about 3pm in the
afternoon. The quarrel concerned Jumadi’s failure to return home on the night
of 20 June 2017. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 49, lines 5–10.

Following the quarrel, Salzawiyah went to her late father’s house in Hougang
and only returned to the Unit later at night on 21 June 2017. When she
returned, Jumadi and Shisham were not in the Unit. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 47, lines 4–22; 1DCS, at paras 35–37.

47 The next day, 22 June 2017, Salzawiyah woke up at around 10am in the
morning. She overheard Jumadi and Shisham talking about collecting more
barang, as the barang would not be available during Hari Raya. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 47, line 32 to p 48, line 25.

Salzawiyah did not hear how many batu Jumadi and Shisham were going to
collect. She then heard Jumadi and Shisham speaking very loudly, and Jumadi
telling Shisham to leave the Unit. Salzawiyah claimed that, before Jumadi and
Shisham left the Unit at around 10am, neither of them had asked her for any
money, nor did she give either of them any money. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 57 line 30 to p 58, line 4; 1DCS, at paras 38–40.

48 At about 1pm that afternoon, Salzawiyah left the Unit to meet her relative
in the nearby vicinity. When she was downstairs of the Unit, she saw
unfamiliar people whom she thought were CNB officers. At this time, Salzawiyah
became afraid that she would be arrested for consumption and possession of
drugs. Nevertheless, she did not attempt to leave the vicinity because she
felt that it would be tantamount to betraying Jumadi. Instead, she called
Shisham to alert Jumadi and Shisham. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 58, line 18 to p 60, line 2; 1 AB 66, S/N 1; 1DCS,
at paras 43–46.

49 When she returned to the Unit, Salzawiyah told Jumadi and Shisham that
there were people downstairs. Jumadi informed her and Shisham that he had six
batu, and that if they were scared, they could leave. However, Salzawiyah did
not believe Jumadi. She did not think that he had enough money to purchase six
batu. She thought that he was “tripping”, ie, he was under the influence of
drugs. Salzawiyah testified that if she had believed him, she would have left
the Unit because six batu was a large amount and she was afraid of facing a
capital trafficking charge. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 60 line 9 to p 61, line 20.

50 At about 2.20pm that day, Salzawiyah was in the bedroom of the Unit when
she heard a commotion. When she left the bedroom to check, she was immediately
pinned to the floor in front of the television console in the living room of
the Unit. She was then arrested. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 63, lines 20–24.

Salzawiyah’s knowledge and/or possession of the Drugs

51 Salzawiyah denied knowledge of the Bundles and the packets of diamorphine
marked A1E1 and A1F1. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 13, line 18 to p 14, line 23.

According to her, she saw the red bag and the four batu therein for the first
time during the search conducted by the CNB officers following the accused
persons’ arrests. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 64, lines 17–18; p 67, lines 1–4.

Prior to 22 June 2017, as far as she knew, she and Jumadi had only dealt with
one batu at most. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 4, lines 25–29.

Salzawiyah also denied giving Jumadi and Shisham $10,000 in cash for the
purchase of the Bundles. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 76, lines 16–20.

52 Salzawiyah’s case is that she only had possession of the packets of
diamorphine found in the pink box (marked B1A1) and in the bedroom (marked
D1A, D2A, D3A, D4A, D5A, E1B1 and E1E) for the purpose of trafficking. These
packets were analysed to contain 9.81g of diamorphine in total. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

1DCS, at paras 5–6; Salzawiyah’s Reply Skeletal Submissions, at para 2.

Shisham’s case

53 At the trial, Shisham had initially indicated that he intended to give
evidence at the close of the Prosecution’s case. When the court explained the
usual allocution under s 230(1)(m) of the CPC in simple layman language asking
each accused person whether he or she would like to enter his or her defence,
all the three accused persons elected to give evidence on oath. However,
Shisham subsequently changed his mind, after Salzawiyah had testified, and
elected to remain silent instead of giving evidence on the stand when he was
called upon to enter his defence. As this was a significant decision, I gave
him time to reconsider and alerted him to the potential consequences of his
decision. Nevertheless, he maintained his election to remain silent. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 26, line 9 to p 27, line 17.

Shisham’s case, therefore, has to be gleaned from his counsel’s cross-
examination of the various witnesses, as well as his written and oral
submissions.

54 Based on those, Shisham does not dispute that he was introduced to Jumadi
around the end of May 2017. Since then until the date of the accused persons’
arrests, he went to the Unit frequently and stayed overnight at the Unit about
three times a week. Shisham and Jumadi would smoke diamorphine and
methamphetamine together. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Shisham’s Closing Submissions (“2DCS”), at paras 10, 11 and 13.

Shisham’s case is based largely on his statements to the CNB, which he did not
object to being admitted as evidence in this trial, as he acknowledged that
these statements were given by him voluntarily. According to those statements,
Shisham’s defence is that he only went to the Unit to consume drugs. He had no
involvement in the drug trafficking operation except that he had given Jumadi
the telephone number of an Indian Malaysian drug supplier known as “Black”.
Any orders for drugs placed by Jumadi were made directly with the drug
supplier, without Shisham’s involvement. Although he went out with Jumadi on
two occasions to collect drugs, he had no knowledge of any of the Drugs and
drug paraphernalia recovered from the Unit, or any drug trafficking activities
that were taking place. Neither did he share a common intention with Jumadi
and Salzawiyah to traffic in the Drugs. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

2DCS, at paras 26–27.

55 In relation to the events of 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017, Shisham’s case
is that he was in the Unit merely to smoke diamorphine and methamphetamine. As
for all the calls to and from Vishu, Jumadi had been the one who conversed
with Vishu using his mobile phone, without putting the mobile phone on
loudspeaker mode. Thus, Shisham was not aware of what Jumadi had discussed
with Vishu. Further, although Shisham admits to accompanying Jumadi to Changi
South Lane, he left the Car and went to a nearby canteen to purchase some
drinks. When he returned to the Car, Jumadi drove back to the Unit. Contrary
to Jumadi’s account, Shisham did not check the red bag in the Car, nor did he
subsequently go to the ground floor of the Unit to find a hiding place for the
three batu.

Admissibility of Jumadi’s statement

56 The preliminary issue is whether Jumadi’s eleven Statements were given to
the CNB officers voluntarily without inducement, threat or promise. The
Prosecution sought to admit the Statements into evidence (save for the Eighth
Long Statement which was not relevant to the Prosecution’s case) and submitted
that these Statements were recorded voluntarily from Jumadi.

57 In the midst of Jumadi’s cross-examination in the main trial and after I
had admitted the Statements (except the Eighth Long Statement) on the ground
that these Statements had been given voluntarily by Jumadi without inducement,
threat or promise, Shisham’s counsel sought to admit the Eighth Long Statement
into evidence. Jumadi similarly asserted that the Eighth Long Statement
recorded by SSSgt Lim was also involuntary.

58 Jumadi, on the other hand, alleged that the Statements, including the
Eighth Long Statement, had been made pursuant to a promise given to him by
SSSgt Fardlie, which was subsequently reinforced and perpetuated by IO Yip.
This promise was to the effect that, if Jumadi cooperated with the CNB and
admitted ownership of the Drugs, he would not receive the death penalty (“the
Promise”). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Skeletal Submissions for the 3rd Accused in relation to the Ancillary Hearing,
dated 18 August 2020 (“3DSA”), at para 7.

As such, Jumadi submitted that the Statements were inadmissible pursuant to s
258(3) of the CPC.

59 For the purpose of determining this issue, two ancillary hearings were
convened. First, when the Prosecution sought to admit the Statements (except
the Eighth Long Statement), and second, when Shisham’s counsel sought to admit
the Eighth Long Statement. At the end of both ancillary hearings, I was
satisfied, beyond a reasonable doubt, that all the Statements were given by
Jumadi voluntarily without inducement, threat or promise and thus admitted the
Statements into evidence. I set out my reasons below.

The first ancillary hearing

Jumadi’s case

(1) The First Contemporaneous Statement

60 Jumadi claimed that, prior to the recording of the First Contemporaneous
Statement, SSSgt Fardlie asked the accused persons whether they had anything
to surrender. When the accused persons kept quiet, SSSgt Fardlie searched the
Unit and found the red bag, the camouflage bag and the pink box. These items
were in the living room of the Unit. He opened and looked inside them. SSSgt
Fardlie then stood in the middle of the living room of the Unit and told all
the accused persons that he had found a lot of items and asked them who the
items belonged to. When the accused persons remained quiet, SSSgt Fardlie
turned to Salzawiyah and Shisham individually and repeated his question to
each of them. Salzawiyah and Shisham both replied that they did not know. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 4, line 17 to p 6, line 11; 3DSA, at para
12(b)(i)–(iii).

61 SSSgt Fardlie then turned to Jumadi and repeated the question to him, but
Jumadi remained silent. SSSgt Fardlie walked towards Jumadi and sat down on
the sofa, on Jumadi’s left side. SSSgt Fardlie whispered to Jumadi, in Malay,
that his friends had both denied ownership of the items. He asked Jumadi again
who the items belonged to, telling Jumadi to be a gentleman and take
responsibility for his actions. When Jumadi replied that he did not know,
SSSgt Fardlie allegedly told Jumadi not to make his work difficult. He
allegedly told Jumadi that he knew Jumadi could receive the death penalty and
promised to help Jumadi, if Jumadi helped him. As such, Jumadi admitted that
only three batu belonged to him. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 6, line 12 to p 7, line 20; 3DSA, at para 12(b)(iv).

62 SSSgt Fardlie then asked Jumadi whom the rest of the batu belonged to. He
allegedly promised Jumadi that, if he cooperated and admitted that all the
items belonged to him, he would not receive the death penalty. Jumadi asked
SSSgt Fardlie if he was sure of his promise, to which SSSgt Fardlie allegedly
nodded his head twice in reply. SSSgt Fardlie then took out a notebook and
asked Jumadi to make a statement, which he did. This was the First
Contemporaneous Statement. Jumadi testified that he made the First
Contemporaneous Statement because of the Promise, which he understood to be
that, if he admitted to ownership of the Drugs and cooperated with the CNB, he
would be spared the death penalty. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 7, line 21 to p 8, line 10.

63 In support of this claim, Jumadi pointed to the fact that, although it was
recorded in the field diary that the First Contemporaneous Statement had been
taken at “1425”, referring to 2.25pm, there was another number written below
“1425” that had been cancelled out, with only SSSgt Fardlie’s signature below
the cancellation. This was despite the fact that, in subsequent statements,
any amendments made were countersigned by both Jumadi and SSSgt Fardlie. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 19, lines 15–28.

In the course of cross-examination, it was put to SSSgt Fardlie that the
original timing of the statement which was cancelled out was “1455”, referring
to 2.55pm. It was further put to SSSgt Fardlie that he made this cancellation
in order to remove any evidence of the conversation he had with Jumadi in
which the Promise was allegedly made. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 31, lines 13–15.

(2) The Second Contemporaneous Statement

64 Jumadi testified that he also gave the Second Contemporaneous Statement
because of the Promise. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 8, lines 21–25.

Further, Jumadi claimed that SSSgt Fardlie reaffirmed the Promise during and
after the recording of the Second Contemporaneous Statement.

65 First, during the recording of the Second Contemporaneous Statement, Jumadi
had initially refused to admit ownership of the drugs found in the bedroom of
the Unit. SSSgt Fardlie then allegedly reminded Jumadi that he had promised to
spare Jumadi the death penalty if Jumadi admitted that all the Drugs belonged
to him. Jumadi thus admitted to ownership of the drugs found in the bedroom.
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 8, line 29 to p 9, line 25; D3SA, at para 9(a).

66 Second, after the Second Contemporaneous Statement was recorded, SSSgt
Fardlie showed Jumadi a document and asked him if he knew about a “new law”
that would allow him to escape the death penalty if he cooperated with the
CNB. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

3DSA, at para 9(b).

Jumadi replied that he had heard about this law. SSSgt Fardlie then asked
Jumadi if he wanted to admit that all the items belonged to him and cooperate
with the CNB. When Jumadi replied in the affirmative, SSSgt Fardlie told
Jumadi to sign the document. Jumadi complied. He testified that, when SSSgt
Fardlie asked him about the “new law” and when he signed the document, he was
under the impression that these related to the Promise made earlier by SSSgt
Fardlie. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 9, line 26 to p 10, line 28; p 11, lines 5–8.

67 During the ancillary hearing, Jumadi identified the document he signed as a
document entitled “Notice of requirements that would satisfy s 33B(2) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act” (“the MDP Notice”). 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 11, lines 1–4; Exhibit P459.

It was recorded on the MDP Notice that it had been read to Jumadi at 4.15pm.
It was put to SSSgt Fardlie that this could not have been so, as SSSgt Fardlie
had testified to searching the Car at 4.10pm. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

1 AB 898, para 20.

SSSgt Fardlie could not have finished searching the Car and returned to the
Unit in just five minutes, given that it had taken him ten minutes to walk
from the Unit to the carpark and locate the Car. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 54, line 28 to p 55, line 15.

(3) Events following the Second Contemporaneous Statement

68 Jumadi testified that, on 22 June 2017, after IO Yip arrived at the Unit,
she allegedly told Jumadi in English that SSSgt Fardlie had informed her that
Jumadi was willing to cooperate with the CNB. She allegedly encouraged Jumadi
to continue cooperating so that he could be spared the death penalty. Jumadi
replied that he had admitted to ownership of the Drugs and wanted to cooperate
so that he could avoid the death penalty. This was allegedly acknowledged by
IO Yip. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 11, line 21 to p 12, line 6; 3DSA, at para 9(c).

69 Jumadi further testified that, after he was arrested and brought to the
Police Cantonment Complex, he told Shisham about the Promise that had been
made to him by SSSgt Fardlie. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 12, lines 11–23.

He also informed the psychiatrist at the Institute of Mental Health, Dr
Derrick Yeo Chen Kuan (“Dr Yeo”), about the Promise. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 16, lines 12–22.

(4) The Cautioned Statement and the five long statements

70 Jumadi testified that, when he gave his Cautioned Statement and his
subsequent long statements, he continued to think about and was influenced by
the Promise. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 13, lines 13–16; lines 22–25; p 14, lines 2–6; lines
10–13; lines 16–19; lines 22–25; p 15, line 29 to p 16, line 3; p 16, lines
7–10.

He also claimed that IO Yip reinforced and perpetuated the Promise when she
recorded Jumadi’s Cautioned Statement and the first five of his long
statements.

71 In relation to Jumadi’s Cautioned Statement, Jumadi claimed that, prior to
the recording of Jumadi’s Cautioned Statement, IO Yip told him in English
that, if he continued cooperating and admitted that all the Drugs belonged to
him, he would be spared the death penalty. Jumadi then replied in English that
he wanted to continue cooperating and would give his statement. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 12, line 28 to p 13, line 9; 3DSA, at para 9(d).

72 Jumadi further claimed that, during the recording of his Fifth Long
Statement, IO Yip showed him the first page of the MDP Notice and asked him in
English if he remembered signing the MDP Notice. When Jumadi replied in the
affirmative, IO Yip asked in English whether Jumadi still wanted to cooperate.
Jumadi replied in English that he had already admitted everything and
cooperated with the CNB throughout the investigations. IO Yip told Jumadi that
if he wanted to cooperate, he had to give her the names of ten drug
traffickers. Jumadi agreed to do so. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 14, line 26 to p 15, line 24.

(5) The Sixth and Seventh Long Statements

73 The Sixth Long Statement and the Seventh Long Statement were recorded from
Jumadi by SSSgt Hamidah. Jumadi also alleged that he was still influenced by
SSSgt Fardlie’s Promise when he gave the Sixth Long Statement and the Seventh
Long Statement to SSSgt Hamidah. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 15, line 25 to p 16, line 10.

The Prosecution’s case

74 Jumadi’s version of events was firmly rejected by SSSgt Fardlie. He denied
that he had stood in the middle of the living room and asked the accused
persons questions as alleged by Jumadi. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 24, line 25 to p 26, line 22.

In this respect, SSSgt Fardlie’s testimony was corroborated by the evidence of
the other arresting officers. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Prosecution’s Submissions for the Ancillary Hearing, dated 18 August 2020
(“PSA”), at para 26.

At the main trial, they testified that they did not recall SSSgt Fardlie
standing in the middle of the living room and asking the accused persons a
question in Malay. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, at p 105, lines 1–3; 15 July 2020, at p 14, lines 18–21; p
28, lines 16–20; p 59, lines 18–21; p 71, lines 15–18;

In particular, SSgt Ee Guo Dong Marcus positively testified that SSSgt Fardlie
had not done such a thing and, if he had, this would have been recorded in the
field diary.

75 Further, SSSgt Fardlie maintained that the First Contemporaneous Statement
was recorded before he began his search of the Unit. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 23, lines 28–30; p 28, lines 14–15; p 29, lines 10–11;
p 30, lines 2–3.

SSSgt Fardlie testified that the reason why he searched the red bag in the
first place was because Jumadi had mentioned that the drugs were in the red
bag in the First Contemporaneous Statement. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 45, lines 1–6; PSA, at para 27.

SSSgt Fardlie explained that the “1425” in the field diary represented the
actual time that the First Contemporaneous Statement was recorded and the
cancellation arose because he had initially written the time wrongly. While he
first attempted to write over the incorrect time, he eventually decided to
cancel it, countersigned against the cancellation and wrote the correct timing
above. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 27, lines 16–22; line 30; p 28, lines 3–6.

SSSgt Fardlie further explained that he did not ask Jumadi to countersign
against the amendment in timing because there had been no reason to do so,
given that the statement had already been read back to Jumadi. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 30, lines 11–13.

76 As regards the Second Contemporaneous Statement, SSSgt Fardlie similarly
denied Jumadi’s account of what had occurred during and after the recording of
the Second Contemporaneous Statement. SSSgt Fardlie testified that he had read
the MDP Notice to Jumadi at 4.15pm, before the Second Contemporaneous
Statement was recorded. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 39, lines 2–11; p 51, lines 23–31.

He explained that he had read the entirety of the MDP Notice to Jumadi in
Malay, following which Jumadi signed the MDP Notice to acknowledge that he
understood its contents. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 51, lines 10–22; p 56, line 7.

Further, SSSgt Fardlie explained that his search of the Car took less than
five minutes because nothing incriminating was recovered from the Car. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 55, line 16.

77 IO Yip similarly denied Jumadi’s allegations. In relation to Jumadi’s claim
that she spoke to him on 22 June 2017 after she arrived at the Unit, IO Yip
testified that it was not her usual practice to speak to accused persons when
she arrived at the scene of the crime. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 79, lines 19–21.

She also testified that, when taking statements from accused persons, her
usual practice was only to ask the accused person how they were feeling, what
language they wished to speak in, and, if they chose to speak in a language
other than English, whether they were comfortable with having an interpreter.
145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 81, lines 5–9.

Finally, although IO Yip could not recall whether she had shown Jumadi the MDP
Notice, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 81, lines 21–31.

she firmly denied asking him if he still wanted to cooperate and be spared the
death penalty, as well as asking him to give her the names of ten people
involved in drug trafficking if he really wanted to cooperate with the CNB.
147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 82, lines 5–13.

78 IO Yip’s evidence was supported by the evidence of Mr Faiz, the Malay
interpreter, who assisted in the interpretation when Jumadi’s Cautioned
Statement and Jumadi’s Fifth Long Statement were recorded by IO Yip. Mr Faiz
testified that he had not seen IO Yip speaking to Jumadi before she recorded
Jumadi’s Cautioned Statement. He explained that he and IO Yip had entered the
interview room together, so he would have known if she had spoken to Jumadi.
148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 97, lines 7–15.

Further, although Mr Faiz could not recall whether IO Yip showed Jumadi the
MDP Notice and asked him further questions in English, he testified that, if
IO Yip had done so, he would have noted it down. He confirmed that he did not
take down any such notes. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 101, lines 11–16.

79 The Prosecution’s case was supported by Dr Yeo’s evidence. Dr Yeo testified
that, although Jumadi had been forthcoming and cooperative in the interviews,
he did not mention the Promise allegedly made by SSSgt Fardlie. Rather, Dr Yeo
explained that Jumadi had been hopeful of leniency from the court if he were
to cooperate. This was referred to by Dr Yeo in his report at para 11, which
reads: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

1 AB 822; PSA, at para 62.

The accused reported being aware of the severe penalties for drug trafficking.
With regards to the current charge, the accused hoped that in admitting his
guilt and cooperating with the Central Narcotics Bureau, he would be given a
lighter sentence.

Dr Yeo testified that, if he had been told of the Promise allegedly made by
SSSgt Fardlie, he would have written this down, especially if Jumadi had
mentioned SSSgt Fardlie’s name in particular. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

PSA, at para 60.

Indeed, Jumadi had mentioned Salzawiyah and Shisham by name, and Dr Yeo
included their names in his report. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

1 AB 822, paras 9–10; PSA, at para 61.

80 Dr Yeo’s testimony was corroborated by his clinical notes of his third
interview with Jumadi. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Exhibit P211-A.

There was no mention of any promise or SSSgt Fardlie anywhere in his clinical
notes. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PSA, at para 61.

Rather, his clinical notes refer to “plans to cooperate cos [sic] hopeful of
leniency” and “contract of cooperation with CNB”. Dr Yeo clarified that these
were “his own words” which he had inferred from his interaction with Jumadi.
The phrase “contract of cooperation” was based on his understanding that
accused persons who cooperated would be given a document certifying their
cooperation, which could then allow them to obtain leniency in court. He did
not know the exact name of this document, therefore, he referred to it as a
“contract of cooperation”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PSA, at para 63.

81 SSSgt Hamidah testified that Jumadi gave the Sixth Long Statement and the
Seventh Long Statement to her voluntarily without inducement, threat or
promise. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 104, lines 3–8; p 105, lines 18–23; lines 27–29.

My decision

82 Section 258(3) of the CPC states that:

The court shall refuse to admit the statement of an accused or allow it to be
used in the manner referred to in subsection (1) if the making of the
statement appears to the court to have been caused by any inducement, threat
or promise having reference to the charge against the accused, proceeding from
a person in authority and sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give the
accused grounds which would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by
making the statement he would gain any advantage or avoid any evil of a
temporal nature in reference to the proceedings against him.

83 As the Court of Appeal observed in Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public
Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 619 (“Kelvin Chai”) at [53]: 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PSA, at para 22; 3DSA, at para 5.

… The test of voluntariness is applied in a manner which is partly objective
and partly subjective. The objective limb is satisfied if there is a threat,
inducement or promise, and the subjective limb when the threat, inducement or
promise operates on the mind of the particular accused through hope of escape
or fear of punishment connected with the charge … It is also established that
where voluntariness is challenged, the burden is on the Prosecution to prove
beyond a reasonable doubt that the confession was made voluntarily and not for
the Defence to prove on a balance of probabilities that the confession was not
made voluntarily … [emphasis added]

84 I emphasise that the burden is on the Prosecution, and not the Defence, to
prove that the Statements were made voluntarily. The applicable standard is
that of beyond a reasonable doubt. This was recently reiterated by the High
Court in Public Prosecutor v Mohamed Ansari bin Mohamed Abdul Aziz and another
[2019] SGHC 268 (“Mohamed Ansari") at [9] as follows:

The burden is on the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the
statement had been made voluntarily, and not on the defence to prove on a
balance of probabilities that the confession was not made voluntarily: Koh Aik
Siew v PP [1993] 1 SLR(R) 885 at [23], Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP [1998] 3
SLR(R) 619 (‘Chai Chien Wei Kelvin’) at [53]. It is only necessary for the
prosecution to remove a reasonable doubt of the existence of threat,
inducement or promise held out to the accused and not every lurking shadow of
influence or remnants of fear: Panya Martmontree v PP [1995] 2 SLR(R) 806 [at]
[28] and Chai Chien Wei Kelvin at [53].

85 Bearing these principles in mind, I shall now consider the objective limb
and the subjective limb of voluntariness in turn, in relation to the Promise
and the MDP Notice.

The objective limb

(1) General observations

86 I found that the Prosecution had proven beyond a reasonable doubt that
Jumadi had given his Statements to the various CNB officers voluntarily and
that the Promise had not in fact been made. SSSgt Fardlie, IO Yip, Mr Faiz and
SSSgt Hamidah were clear and consistent in their accounts of what transpired
during the recording of the relevant Statements and that the Promise had not
in fact been made. Similarly, Dr Yeo was clear that Jumadi had not mentioned
the Promise that was allegedly given to him by SSSgt Fardlie. Dr Yeo said that
Jumadi was hopeful of obtaining leniency by his cooperation. I accepted the
Prosecution’s submissions that there was no reason for any of these witnesses
to lie. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PSA, at paras 41, 42, 50 and 51.

This was especially the case for Mr Faiz and Dr Yeo. They were not directly
involved in the investigations of the drug trafficking charge against Jumadi.
Mr Faiz was an interpreter during the recording of Jumadi’s statements while
Dr Yeo assessed Jumadi’s mental state. I, therefore, found their evidence to
be credible and accepted their evidence. Their evidence was also supported by
the contemporaneous documents such as Dr Yeo’s clinical notes, the field diary
and the MDP Notice.

87 In contrast, Jumadi was the only witness who testified in support of his
case. As such, Jumadi’s claim of involuntariness rested solely upon his own
uncorroborated testimony of what had transpired during the statement-recording
process. However, in contrast to the Prosecution’s evidence, Jumadi’s evidence
was inconsistent with what was actually recorded in the statements. It was
also inconsistent with the evidence of the Prosecution’s witnesses and the
contemporaneous evidence.

88 Before I delve further into the issues, I would like to make an observation
that the Prosecution in its submissions attempted to discredit Jumadi’s case
and asserted that Jumadi’s counsel failed to put material parts of his case to
the other arresting officers who testified at the main trial. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

PSA, at para 65.

However, SSSgt Fardlie and SSgt Phang Yee Leong James (“SSgt Phang”) were the
only two arresting officers who testified at the ancillary hearing. The
evidence of the other arresting officers was given at the main trial, whereas
the issue of voluntariness was to be determined at the ancillary hearing.
Therefore, it was unreasonable to expect Jumadi’s counsel to raise the
ancillary issue of voluntariness at the main trial. Thus, I did not hold it
against Jumadi that his counsel omitted to put his case in relation to the
Statements to the other arresting officers who only testified at the main
trial.

(2) The First Contemporaneous Statement

89 I turn now to the First Contemporaneous Statement. I found that SSSgt
Fardlie had not made the Promise before recording the First Contemporaneous
Statement. Further, I also accepted that the First Contemporaneous Statement
was recorded before SSSgt Fardlie commenced his search of the Unit. In
addition to my general observations above, I shall now furnish other reasons.

90 Firstly, SSSgt Fardlie’s explanation for the cancellation was eminently
reasonable. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

PSA, at para 29.

He admitted that he made a mistake when writing down the time and he corrected
it. There was no need for Jumadi to countersign against the cancellation as it
pertained to timing, rather than the contents of the statement.

91 Secondly, the court is entitled to examine the contents of an impugned
statement in its determination of whether it should be excluded or not (see
Sulaiman bin Jumari v Public Prosecutor [2020] SGCA 116 at [85]). Jumadi’s
claim that the First Contemporaneous Statement had been recorded after SSSgt
Fardlie searched the Unit was inconsistent with the very first question posed
by SSSgt Fardlie in the First Contemporaneous Statement. SSSgt Fardlie had
asked, “Before I search this place, do you have anything to surrender?”
[emphasis added]. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Exhibit P217T.

This directly contradicted and demolished Jumadi’s claim about the Promise.
This further supported SSSgt Fardlie’s evidence that the First Contemporaneous
Statement was merely a recording of a quick conversation he had with Jumadi to
ask Jumadi whether he had anything to surrender before he commenced his search
of the Unit. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 29, line 29 to p 30, line 4.

In my view, this was a crucial point which significantly undermined Jumadi’s
case. According to Jumadi, the Promise was first given by SSSgt Fardlie in
order to get Jumadi to admit to ownership of the items that had been found in
the Unit. This is premised on the fact that the search had already taken
place. However, it is clear that the First Contemporaneous Statement was
recorded before the search was conducted. At this time, the items had not yet
been seized and there was nothing that SSSgt Fardlie could have asked Jumadi
to admit to owning. Therefore, my finding that the First Contemporaneous
Statement was recorded prior to the search of the Unit significantly
undermined the fundamental foundation of the Promise.

92 Thirdly, SSgt Phang’s evidence supported SSSgt Fardlie’s evidence that the
First Contemporaneous Statement had been recorded at 2.25pm, rather than at
2.55pm, as was put to SSSgt Fardlie during cross-examination by Jumadi’s
counsel. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PSA, at para 31.

The field diary contained an entry for which the time stated was “1435”,
referring to 2.35pm. SSgt Phang confirmed that he made this entry at 2.35pm,
164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 86, lines 4–13; 28–31.

just after he received the field diary from SSSgt Fardlie. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 87, lines 19–20.

When he recorded the entry at 2.35pm, the entry for which the time stated was
“1425” (ie, the First Contemporaneous Statement) was already there. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 88, lines 2–6.

Therefore, the First Contemporaneous Statement must have been recorded before
2.35pm. This accords with SSSgt Fardlie’s evidence that the First
Contemporaneous Statement was recorded at 2.25pm.

93 Finally, in relation to SSSgt Fardlie’s evidence that he searched the red
bag because Jumadi informed him of the red bag in the First Contemporaneous
Statement, Jumadi’s counsel submitted that this could not have been so as
there was no reference to a red bag in the First Contemporaneous Statement.
167

##### Foot Note 167

×

3DSA, at para 12(a).

With respect, I do not agree with the submission of Jumadi’s counsel. In the
First Contemporaneous Statement, Jumadi said that “everything here in this
house are [sic] mine” which he said was “about 6 stones” meaning six bundles
of diamorphine. This caused SSSgt Fardlie to search the living room including
the red bag in which, inter alia, four bundles of diamorphine were found.

(3) The Second Contemporaneous Statement and the MDP Notice

94 Jumadi claimed that the MDP Notice had been given to him after the
recording of the Second Contemporaneous Statement, while SSSgt Fardlie
testified that it had been given to Jumadi before the recording of the Second
Contemporaneous Statement. Jumadi also claimed that the Promise had been
repeated to him during the recording of the Second Contemporaneous Statement
and when the MDP Notice was administered to him. SSSgt Fardlie denied these
claims.

95 I found SSSgt Fardlie’s account more credible. SSSgt Fardlie’s evidence
that the MDP Notice had been administered before the recording of the Second
Contemporaneous Statement was supported by the timings written in the field
diary and the MDP Notice. The timings written in the MDP Notice reflected that
the reading of the MDP Notice to Jumadi began at 4.15pm and ended at 4.21pm.
168

##### Foot Note 168

×

PSA, at para 38.

As stated in the field diary, the Second Contemporaneous Statement was
recorded at 4.25pm, after the MDP Notice was read to Jumadi. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 51, lines 23–31; p 52, line 29 to p 53, line 4; NEs,
17 July 2020, at p 33, lines 1–21; Exhibit P459.

(4) Jumadi’s failure to call any witnesses

96 I found it dubious that Jumadi decided not to call any witnesses in support
of his case, although he could have done so. According to Jumadi, Shisham and
Salzawiyah were present when SSSgt Fardlie allegedly searched the Unit and
asked the accused persons whom the batu belonged to. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

PSA, at para 68.

Although Shisham and Salzawiyah might not have been privy to the alleged
conversation between Jumadi and SSSgt Fardlie in which SSSgt Fardlie made the
Promise, they could have corroborated the earlier portion of Jumadi’s account
regarding the search and SSSgt Fardlie’s actions before the recording of the
First Contemporaneous Statement. This would have gone some way towards
supporting Jumadi’s evidence. Similarly, Jumadi claimed that he had told
Shisham and Dr Yeo about the Promise but he did not call them as his
witnesses. If his allegations were true, Shisham and Dr Yeo would have
corroborated his testimony. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

PSA, at para 70.

97 This failure to call the abovementioned persons as witnesses was telling.
Shisham and Salzawiyah were present in court throughout the entire ancillary
hearing and could have readily given evidence in support of Jumadi’s case. Dr
Yeo was in the Prosecution’s list of witnesses for the main trial and could
have been contacted to give evidence. In fact, Dr Yeo was eventually called by
the Prosecution as a rebuttal witness at the ancillary hearing after Jumadi’s
allegations about telling Dr Yeo about the Promise given by SSSgt Fardlie were
revealed for the first time in court. This was admitted by Jumadi’s counsel
who did not object to the Prosecution calling Dr Yeo as a rebuttal witness. In
these circumstances, Jumadi’s allegations about the Promise made by SSSgt
Fardlie appeared highly questionable. By not calling Salzawiyah, Shisham and
Dr Yeo, it seemed that Jumadi knew that they would not be able to corroborate
his testimony. Indeed, this was what happened when the Prosecution called Dr
Yeo to the stand and Dr Yeo gave evidence refuting Jumadi’s claims. When
Salzawiyah subsequently gave evidence in the main trial, she refuted Jumadi’s
account of what had occurred in the living room of the Unit before Jumadi’s
First Contemporaneous Statement was recorded. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 23, line 17 to p 24, line 20; PCS, at para 52.

This fortified my earlier decision at the ancillary hearing. Therefore,
Jumadi’s failure to call witnesses who could have corroborated his testimony
served to further weaken his credibility and made me seriously doubt the
veracity of his evidence about the alleged Promise made by SSSgt Fardlie.

(5) Conclusion on the alleged Promise

98 For the above reasons, I found that the Prosecution had proved beyond a
reasonable doubt that the Promise had not in fact been made at any point in
time. I also found that the First Contemporaneous Statement had been recorded
before SSSgt Fardlie commenced his search of the Unit, and the MDP Notice had
been administered to Jumadi by SSSgt Fardlie before he recorded the Second
Contemporaneous Statement. The contemporaneous evidence supports the
Prosecution’s case. Furthermore, in light of the abovementioned
inconsistencies, Jumadi’s lack of credibility and my doubts regarding the
veracity of his evidence, I concluded that Jumadi had not raised a reasonable
doubt in the Prosecution’s case that the Promise had not been made to Jumadi.

(6) The MDP Notice

99 It was not disputed that the MDP Notice was administered to Jumadi. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

D3SA, at para 20.

The relevant provisions of the MDA to which the MDP Notice relates are ss
33B(1)(a) and 33B(2), which read as follows:

Discretion of court not to impose sentence of death in certain circumstances

33B.–(1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under section
5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth column of
the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court –

(a) may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life
and, if the person is sentenced to life imprisonment, he shall also be
sentenced to caning of not less than 15 strokes; …

…

(2) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(a) are as follows:

(a) the person convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted –

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

100 Accordingly, the MDP Notice informed Jumadi of the possibility of being
sentenced by the court to life imprisonment instead of the death penalty under
certain special circumstances, as follows:

Your attention is hereby brought to section 33B(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

This provision, read with section 33B(1)(a) Misuse of Drugs Act, gives the
courts the discretion to sentence an accused person convicted of trafficking,
importing and exporting of controlled drugs to life imprisonment (and caning,
for males under 50), instead of death, if both the following conditions are
met.

First, the accused person’s involvement in the offence is restricted to:

(a) transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(b) offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(c) doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of his
transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(d) Any combination of the activities listed in (a), (b) and (c).

AND

Second, the Public Prosecutor certifies to the court that, in his
determination, the accused person has substantively assisted the Central
Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside
Singapore.

You are hereby invited to provide information to the Central Narcotics Bureau
for the purposes of disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside
Singapore. A delay in providing such information would usually affect its
effectiveness in substantively assisting the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore. The mere
fact that you provide information, however, does not mean that you will
eventually be certified as having provided substantive assistance.

This notification is purely for your information, and should not be construed
as a threat, inducement or promise for you to give evidence about the
involvement of you and any other person in the commission of an offence.

101 Did the reading of the MDP Notice by SSSgt Fardlie to Jumadi amount to an
inducement, threat or promise within the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC? In my
view, it did not.

102 Explanation 2(aa) to s 258(3) of the CPC explicitly states as follows: 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PSA, at para 39.

Explanation 2 – If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in any of the following
circumstances:

…

(aa) where the accused is informed in writing by a person in authority of the
circumstances in section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185) under which
life imprisonment may be imposed in lieu of death …

103 Explanation 2(aa) was considered by the High Court in Public Prosecutor v
Sibeko Lindiwe Mary-Jane [2016] SGHC 199 (“Sibeko”). In that case, the accused
had been charged with the importation of a controlled drug pursuant to s 7 of
the MDA. A notification regarding s 33B of the MDA was read to and signed by
the accused, which the court referred to as the “MDA Notification”. The MDA
Notification was similar to the MDP Notice in this case save that the wording
of the MDA Notification was slightly different, and the MDA Notification did
not contain the penultimate paragraph of the MDP Notice cited at [100] above.
Lee Seiu Kin J observed at [12]–[13] that:

12 There is no doubt that the MDA notification falls within Explanation 2(aa)
to s 258(3) of the CPC as the provisions of s 33B of the MDA are reproduced in
it. …

13 … Indeed, the MDA Notification is an inducement or promise, in that it
holds out a possibility to an accused person that if he, being a mere courier,
provides useful information to the CNB, he would escape the death penalty and
be sentenced instead to life imprisonment with caning. To the extent that the
MDA Notification is an inducement or promise, Explanation 2(aa) to s 258(3) of
the CPC has taken it outside the scope of that subsection so that statements
recorded subsequent to the MDA Notification are not inadmissible on this
ground alone.

104 The same reasoning applies to this case. Here, the MDP Notice sets out the
circumstances under which life imprisonment may be imposed by the court in
lieu of the death penalty. I note that Explanation 2(aa) refers to the accused
being informed “in writing”, whereas the MDP Notice here was printed out, read
to Jumadi and signed by him. In my view, this did not bring the administration
of the MDP Notice out of the ambit of Explanation 2(aa). The fact that the MDP
Notice was read to and signed by Jumadi did not make it any more a threat,
inducement or promise than if the MDP Notice had simply been given to him. No
legitimate distinction can be made between these two situations. Similarly, in
Sibeko, the MDA Notification had also been read to and signed by the accused
person. Yet, the court did not raise this as a reason to bring the MDA
Notification out of the ambit of Explanation 2(aa).

105 One distinction between the MDP Notice and the MDA Notification in Sibeko
is that the MDP Notice here contains an additional paragraph, beginning with
the line stating “You are hereby invited to provide information”. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

D3SA, at para 20.

However, this too did not bring it outside the scope of Explanation 2(aa). It
was, as the words suggest, simply a neutral invitation to provide information.
It did not contain any substantive reason which could potentially operate as
an inducement, threat or promise. This is especially so in light of the entire
context of the MDP Notice. In particular, the last portion of the MDP Notice
reads: 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

PSA, at para 40.

… The mere fact that you provide information, however, does not mean that you
will eventually be certified as having provided substantive assistance.

This notification is purely for your information and should not be construed
as a threat, inducement or promise for you to give evidence about the
involvement of you or any other person in the commission of an offence.

106 For the above reasons, the administration of the MDP Notice falls squarely
within Explanation 2(aa) to s 258(3) of the CPC. The MDP Notice was purely
informative and even contained a disclaimer that it was not to be construed as
an inducement, threat or promise. As such, it did not amount to a promise
within the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC.

(7) Jumadi’s hope of avoiding the death penalty

107 Based on the above, it was clear that the Promise had not been made to
Jumadi, either by SSSgt Fardlie, IO Yip or SSSgt Hamidah. Furthermore, the
administration of the MDP Notice did not amount to an inducement, threat or
promise within the scope of s 258(3) of the CPC. As Dr Yeo testified, Jumadi
had only been hopeful that he would be given a certificate of substantive
assistance which would enable him to obtain a more lenient sentence. In my
view, however, such a hope did not amount to an inducement, threat or promise
within s 258(3) of the CPC.

108 It is trite that a self-perceived promise or inducement does not render a
statement involuntary. This was established by the Court of Appeal in Lu Lai
Heng v Public Prosecutor [1994] 1 SLR(R) 1037 (“Lu Lai Heng”) at [19],
reiterated in Kelvin Chai ([83] supra) at [55], and subsequently followed in
numerous cases (see most recently eg, Mohamed Ansari ([84] supra) at [31];
Public Prosecutor v Imran bin Mohd Arip and others [2019] SGHC 155 at [33]).

109 In Lu Lai Heng, the accused claimed that he only admitted ownership of the
drugs in a written statement as he was “under the impression that his mother
could be in trouble because the drugs were found in her room” and that the
officer would “let his mother go free in a day or two if he admitted that he
owned the drugs” (Lu Lai Heng at [8]). On that basis, the trial judge excluded
the written statement. However, the Court of Appeal observed that the written
statement should have been admitted, explaining at [19] as follows:

… The evidence was quite clear that ASP Lim or any other person in authority
did not hold out to the appellant that his mother, Mdm Teng, would not be
arrested or would be set free in a day or two if the appellant admitted that
the drugs found in the cupboard in Mdm Teng’s room were in fact his. This was
the appellant’s own perceived impression. That was what he said in evidence.
Such a self-perceived inducement, in our judgment, could not in law amount to
an inducement or promise within the meaning of s 24 of the Evidence Act … On
the evidence, no such inducement or promise proceeded from ASP Lim or any
other person in authority. … this hope was self-generated; it certainly was
not excited by anything said or done by ASP Lim or anyone else. … [emphasis
added]

110 Similarly, in this case, I have found that no inducement, threat or
promise was made by SSSgt Fardlie, IO Yip or SSSgt Hamidah. Jumadi’s hope of
obtaining a certificate of substantive assistance was based on his own
understanding of the situation. In light of this, it was understandable that
Jumadi volunteered information regarding his customers 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

D3SA, at para 29.

and that he was cooperative and forthcoming with the CNB officers and Dr Yeo.
178

##### Foot Note 178

×

D3SA, at para 21.

All of this could be explained by his hope that he would be given a
certificate of substantive assistance. However, this hope did not originate
from a person in authority; instead, it was purely self-perceived. It was
entirely different from a promise advanced by the CNB officers to spare Jumadi
the death penalty if he were to cooperate. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PSA, at para 64.

Therefore, Jumadi’s hope of obtaining a certificate of substantive assistance
was not an inducement, threat or promise falling within s 258(3) of the CPC.

The subjective limb

111 I have concluded that on the evidence there was no Promise made to Jumadi
and the administration of the MDP Notice did not amount to a promise within
the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC. Thus, it was not necessary to look at
Jumadi’s subjective state of mind when he gave his Statements. Nevertheless, I
shall make some observations on this issue.

112 Jumadi is a 47-year-old man. In the course of the ancillary hearing, he
came across as a shrewd and intelligent person who could give his evidence in
a clear and reasoned manner. He took pains to emphasize that he had been
promised certain things, even correcting the interpreter when she used the
word “told” instead of “promised” when translating his answer. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NEs, 17 July 2020, at p 12, lines 15–21.

As Jumadi testified, he was initially unwilling to admit to ownership of the
Drugs. I find that Jumadi would not have simply believed the Promise allegedly
made by SSSgt Fardlie and/or IO Yip, and/or misconstrued the MDP Notice as he
was also aware of the new drug law at the time of the raid. I also find it
incredible that the Promise and/or the MDP Notice would have caused him to
immediately change his mind as to whether to admit to ownership of the Drugs.

113 Jumadi knew that he was facing the death penalty as he was a drug
trafficker with a large quantity of diamorphine in his possession, besides
other drugs. He fully cooperated with the CNB officers hoping that they would
be lenient to him and not punish him with the death penalty. This was what he
told Dr Yeo.

Conclusion on the admissibility of Jumadi’s Statements

114 In conclusion, after the first ancillary hearing, I was convinced that
SSSgt Fardlie, IO Yip and SSSgt Hamidah did not offer any inducement, threat
or promise to Jumadi. Thus, I found that the Prosecution had proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that Jumadi’s Statements (except for the Eighth Long
Statement) were made voluntarily without inducement, threat or promise. No
Promise was made to Jumadi and neither did the MDP Notice constitute a promise
within the meaning of s 258(3) of the CPC. For these reasons, I admitted the
Statements (except the Eighth Long Statement) into evidence.

The second ancillary hearing

115 When Shisham’s counsel sought to adduce Jumadi’s Eighth Long Statement,
Jumadi similarly claimed that, before taking his statement, SSSgt Lim had
informed him that she was from the CNB. This caused him to think of the
Promise made by SSSgt Fardlie, since both SSSgt Lim and SSSgt Fardlie were
from the CNB. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 14, lines 16–23.

Thus, Jumadi contended that the Eighth Long Statement had been influenced by
the Promise and was not voluntary.

116 On the other hand, Shisham’s counsel called SSSgt Lim as a witness to
testify regarding the recording of Jumadi’s Eighth Long Statement. SSSgt Lim
testified that the purpose of the Eighth Long Statement was to investigate
Shisham’s claim that some moneys seized from him had been borrowed from
Jumadi. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 6, line 29 to p 7, line 5.

SSSgt Lim denied that any inducement or promise had been offered to Jumadi
during the recording of the Eighth Long Statement. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 8, lines 8–11.

Jumadi did not mention the Promise to her. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 10, lines 12–16.

Rather, she had read over and explained the statement to Jumadi in English.
Jumadi had confirmed that he understood the contents of the statement and had
even made amendments to it. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 8, line 19 to p 9, line 25.

117 Shisham’s counsel submitted that, given my decision in the first ancillary
hearing that the other Statements had been made voluntarily, the same outcome
must be had in the second ancillary hearing. Shisham’s counsel also noted that
the Eighth Long Statement was recorded in December, several months after
Jumadi was arrested and the Promise was allegedly made. As such, even if the
Promise had been made, it could not have operated on Jumadi’s mind at the time
of the recording of the Eighth Long Statement.

118 At the end of the second ancillary hearing, I held that Jumadi’s Eighth
Long Statement had been made voluntarily. Jumadi’s case in respect of the
Eighth Long Statement remained fundamentally the same as in the first
ancillary hearing – that SSSgt Fardlie had made him the Promise, which
influenced all his subsequent Statements. However, I had already rejected
Jumadi’s claims regarding the Promise. Accordingly, the Eighth Long Statement
was also not affected by any alleged Promise and was made voluntarily without
inducement, threat or promise. I, therefore, admitted the Eighth Long
Statement into evidence.

Whether the court should reverse its decision to admit the Statements

119 At the end of the main trial, Jumadi’s counsel submitted that, based on
evidence that arose in the main trial, the court should reverse its earlier
decision to admit the Statements. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

3DCS, at para 108.

This submission is based on ss 279(7) and 279(8) of the CPC, which read:

(7) If the court, after hearing evidence in the main trial, is doubtful about
the correctness of its earlier decision whether or not to admit the evidence
at the ancillary hearing, it may call on the prosecution and the defence to
make further submissions.

(8) If the court, after hearing any submissions, decides to reverse its
earlier decision in admitting the evidence, it shall disregard such evidence
when determining whether or not to call for the defence or when determining
the guilt or otherwise of the accused.

120 It should be noted that, according to s 279(7), it is the court who should
“call on the prosecution and the defence to make further submissions”. No such
request was made by the court in this case, as there was no doubt about the
correctness of the court’s earlier decision to admit the Statements. In any
case, I am not persuaded by the arguments raised by Jumadi in support of this
submission. I shall address these arguments in turn.

121 First, Jumadi submits that the account of the arrest in Shisham’s Second
Long Statement supports Jumadi’s testimony that the search of the Unit was
conducted before the recording of the First Contemporaneous Statement. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

3DCS, at paras 105–106, 109.

Jumadi relies on the following parts of Shisham’s Second Long Statement: 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

2 AB 1210–1211.

13 … I saw an Indian man entered the toilet and identified himself as CNB
officer. He stood next to me and held onto my arm. I then wore a short pant
and the officer arrested me and brought me to the living room. …

14 At the living room, I saw a lot of CNB officers standing around and that
Jumadi and ‘Sis’ were also arrested. I was sitting near the fridge at the
living room while the CNB officers were going about collecting some stuff in
the unit. I did not see what the officers were doing. The officer told me not
to look. …

[emphasis added]

122 In my view, these portions of Shisham’s Second Long Statement do little to
support Jumadi’s testimony, much less corroborate it. It is not clear from
Shisham’s Second Long Statement whether SSSgt Fardlie had already recorded the
First Contemporaneous Statement from Jumadi prior to Shisham allegedly seeing
the CNB officers “going about collecting some stuff” in the Unit. It bears
repeating that the First Contemporaneous Statement was taken as a “very fast …
quick, statement”, 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 29, line 29.

with only four questions and four answers. As such, this portion of Shisham’s
Second Long Statement does not raise any doubts as to the correctness of the
court’s findings regarding the Promise and its decision to admit Jumadi’s
Statements.

123 Second, Jumadi submits that Salzawiyah’s testimony regarding the MDP
Notice supports his testimony that the MDP Notice had been read to him after
the recording of his Second Contemporaneous Statement. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

3DCS, at para 110.

In court, Salzawiyah testified that she had never seen the MDP Notice, not
even before the recording of her statements by the CNB. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 2, lines 20–25.

Jumadi submits that this is contrary to SSSgt Fardlie’s evidence that it “is
an instruction … by the [CNB] to serve the MDP before recording the
contemporaneous statement of the … accused person”. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 56, lines 27–29.

In my view, this portion of Salzawiyah’s testimony does not create any doubts
as to whether SSSgt Fardlie had read the MDP Notice to Jumadi prior to the
recording of the Second Contemporaneous Statement. The fact that the CNB
served the MDP Notice on Jumadi but not on Salzawiyah does not, in itself,
raise doubts in the Prosecution’s case. The service of the MDP Notice is not a
statutory requirement and there could have been a legitimate reason for the
CNB to decide not to do so. Since Salzawiyah’s testimony is that she had not
been served the MDP Notice, it is of little assistance in so far as when the
MDP Notice might have been served. Therefore, it also does not raise any
doubts as to the correctness of the court’s decision to admit Jumadi’s
Statements.

My decision

The amendment of Salzawiyah’s capital charge to a non-capital charge

124 I shall first deal with the amendment of the original capital charge
against Salzawiyah to a non-capital charge. The only change in the amended
charge is the analysed weight of diamorphine stated in the charge – Salzawiyah
is charged for trafficking in “not less than 14.99g” of diamorphine, rather
than “not less than 41.86g” of diamorphine (as reflected in Jumadi’s and
Shisham’s amended charges). 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Exhibit A1.2; NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 2, line 24 to p 5, line 21.

The gross weight of the diamorphine specified in Salzawiyah’s present amended
charge (ie, 127 packets containing not less than 3,280.06g of granular/powdery
substance found to contain diamorphine) remain the same as in the amended
charges against Shisham and Jumadi. Further, the common intention element of
the charge remains the same – the alleged trafficking was in furtherance of
the common intention of the accused persons. At first glance, this may appear
to contradict Jumadi’s and Shisham’s charges, which state that they each
trafficked in not less than 41.86g (analysed weight) of diamorphine in
furtherance of the common intention of the accused persons.

125 However, the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Aishamudin bin
Jamaludin [2020] 2 SLR 769 (“Aishamudin”) clarified that under the
circumstances there was nothing inherently problematic about the Prosecution
bringing such common intention charges in respect of the same criminal act.
Nonetheless, the Prosecution must still meet its legal and evidential burden
of “proving every element of each charge against all the co-offenders said to
share in the common intention that is reflected in the charge in question”
[emphasis in original]. Further, the Prosecution’s case against all the
accused persons must be consistent, in order to avoid prejudice to the accused
persons in the form of procedural unfairness and prejudicial outcomes
(Aishamudin at [53] and [55]). In assessing whether the Prosecution’s cases
are consistent, the approach is as follows (Aishamudin at [68]):

In our view, the following approach may determine whether the Prosecution is
running inconsistent cases in respect of any series of charges: when all the
facts and arguments which are material to establishing the Prosecution’s case
against each of the accused persons are spelled out, would it be possible for
all of these facts and arguments to be cumulatively true? Where the answer to
this is in the negative, it would seem to point to the existence of a material
inconsistency. … In short, the analysis is concerned with whether the
Prosecution’s cases are capable of constituting part of a single coherent
world of facts.

On this approach, the common intention element in the charges may appear to be
inconsistent if, on the face of the charges, “there is some inconsistency in
holding that all the elements of all the charges are cumulatively established”
(Aishamudin at [69]).

126 In Aishamudin, the Court of Appeal was concerned with facts which are very
similar to this case. In that case, the prosecution had charged one accused
person, Suhaizam, with trafficking in not less than 32.54g of diamorphine,
whereas the other accused person, Aishamudin, had been charged with
trafficking in not less than 14.99g of diamorphine (Aishamudin at [10]–[11]).
Thus, the analysed weights of diamorphine reflected in the charges were
different. However, the items that formed the subject matter of the charges
remained the same, specifically, two packets containing not less than 921.5g
of granular/powdery substance found to contain diamorphine. Both charges also
stated that such trafficking had been carried out in furtherance of the common
intention of both Suhaizam and Aishamudin. The Court of Appeal found at [74]
that these charges were “capable of constituting part of a single coherent
world of facts, namely, one in which Suhaizam and Aishamudin both shared the
common intention to traffic in 32.54g (or more) of diamorphine”. In contrast,
if the evidence showed that Suhaizam intended to traffic in only 14.99g of
diamorphine, that would be inconsistent with Aishamudin’s charge. This was
because Aishamudin’s charge required a finding that both Suhaizam and
Aishamudin intended to traffic in 32.54g of diamorphine (Aishamudin at [75]).

127 Similarly, in this case, Salzawiyah’s, Jumadi’s and Shisham’s charges are
consistent with each other in so far as they shared the common intention to
traffic in 127 packets containing not less than 3,280.06g of granular/powdery
substance found to contain diamorphine. In this case, there is no
inconsistency in the Prosecution’s cases against the accused persons as the
subject matter of the amended charge against Salzawiyah (ie, 3,280.06g of
granular/powdery substance found to contain diamorphine) remains the same as
that reflected in the charges against the other two accused persons. Despite
the amendment of Salzawiyah’s charge, the Prosecution’s case remains that
Salzawiyah, Jumadi and Shisham shared the common intention to traffic in not
less than 127 packets containing not less than 3,280.06g of granular/powdery
substance found to contain not less than 41.86g of diamorphine. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

PCS, at para 29.

The only difference between the amended charge of Salzawiyah and the amended
charges of Jumadi and Shisham is in terms of punishment for the same crime.
Salzawiyah’s punishment is non-capital while Jumadi and Shisham face the
capital punishment.

The applicable law

128 I shall now consider the amended charges against the accused persons. It
is well-established that, in order to make out the offence of trafficking in a
controlled drug under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA, the Prosecution must prove (see
Masoud Rahimi bin Mehrzad v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR
257 at [28]; Public Prosecutor v Abdul Haleem bin Abdul Karim and another
[2013] 3 SLR 734 at [28]; Raman Selvam s/o Renganathan v Public Prosecutor
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 550 at [35]) that:

(a) the accused had possession of a controlled drug (which may be proved or
presumed under s 18(1) of the MDA);

(b) the accused had knowledge of the nature of the drug (which may be proved
or presumed under s 18(2) of the MDA); and

(c) the accused’s possession of the controlled drug was for the purpose of
trafficking which was not authorised.

129 In relation to the first element of possession, s 18(1) provides that:

18.–(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control –

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

130 The presumption in s 18(1) was explained by the Court of Appeal in Obeng
Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633 (“Obeng”) at [34] as being
concerned with secondary possession, that is, “whether the thing in issue [ie,
the container, key or document of title] exists and whether the accused in
fact has possession, control or custody of the thing in issue”. To rebut the
presumption in s 18(1), the accused must prove, on a balance of probabilities,
that he did not have the drug in his possession. For instance, by showing that
“the accused did not know that the thing in issue contained that which is
shown to be the drug in question” (Obeng at [35]).

131 Furthermore, s 18(4) of the MDA provides that:

Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest has
any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

132 There are two critical elements of joint possession under s 18(4) of the
MDA – knowledge and consent. In relation to knowledge, the Court of Appeal in
Mohammad Azli bin Mohammad Salleh v Public Prosecutor and another appeal and
other matters [2020] 1 SLR 1374 (“Mohammad Azli”) clarified at [55] and [70]
that this refers to “knowledge that the object in the actual possessor’s
possession is a controlled drug (as opposed to any specific controlled drug)”
[emphasis in original]. In relation to consent, the Court of Appeal in
Mohammad Azli summarised (at [52]) the applicable principles from Muhammad
Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721
(“Muhammad Ridzuan”) as follows:

… [I]n Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters
[2014] 3 SLR 721 (‘Ridzuan’), this court held that ‘consent’ required a degree
of ‘power or authority’ … over the object in question (at [63]). Mere
acquiescence or condonation would not suffice; rather, there had to be ‘some
dealing between the parties in relation to the drug, such as an agreement to
buy it or help in concealing it’ (Ridzuan at [64], citing Public Prosecutor v
Lim Ah Poh [1991] 2 SLR(R) 307 at [71]). As such, a minimal or distant role in
the drug transaction would not amount to ‘consent’ under s 18(4) (see Moad
Fadzir bin Mustaffa v Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2019] SGCA 73
(‘Moad Fadzir’) at [97]–[98]).

133 If the first element of possession is proved or presumed, then the
presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA that the accused had knowledge of the nature
of the drug is invoked. In order to rebut this presumption, the accused must
prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he did not have knowledge of the
nature of the controlled drug (see Obeng at [36]). For instance, the accused
can show that he did not know or could not reasonably be expected to have
known the nature of the controlled drug (see Dinesh Pillai a/l K Raja Retnam v
Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 903 at [18]).

134 In relation to the third element of such possession being for the purpose
of trafficking, s 2 of the MDA defines trafficking as follows:

“traffic” means –

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning;

135 The element of trafficking was explained by the Court of Appeal in Ramesh
a/l Perumal v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1003 at [110]
as follows: 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

3DCS, at para 131.

… [I]n our judgment, a person who returns drugs to the person who originally
deposited those drugs with him would not ordinarily come within the definition
of ‘trafficking’. It follows that a person who holds a quantity of drugs with
no intention of parting with them other than to return them to the person who
originally deposited those drugs with him does not come within the definition
of possession of those drugs ‘for the purpose of trafficking’. There is a
fundamental difference in character between this type of possession and
possession with a view to passing the drugs onwards to a third party. In the
former situation, the returning of the drugs to a person who already was in
possession of them to begin with cannot form part of the process of
disseminating those drugs in a particular direction – ie, from a source of
supply towards the recipients to whom the drugs are to be supplied – because
the act of returning the drugs runs counter to that very direction. On the
other hand, in the latter situation, the intended transfer of the drugs to a
third party is presumptively part of the process of moving the drugs along a
chain in which they will eventually be distributed to their final consumer.
[emphasis in original]

136 Further, s 34 of the Penal Code states that:

When a criminal act is done by several persons, in furtherance of the common
intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the same
manner as if the act were done by him alone.

137 The three requirements for liability under s 34 of the Penal Code are: (a)
there must have been a criminal act; (b) there must have been a common
intention between the parties; and (c) the parties must have participated in
the criminal act. This was recently explained by the Court of Appeal in
Aishamudin ([125] supra) at [49], citing Muhammad Ridzuan ([132] supra) and
Daniel Vijay s/o Katherasan and others v Public Prosecutor [2010] 4 SLR 1119,
as follows:

49 … [T]hree elements must be present before s 34 may be invoked: (a) a
criminal act; (b) a common intention between the persons in question; and (c)
participation in the criminal act.

(a) A criminal act in this context has been defined as ‘that unity of criminal
behaviour, which results in something, for which an individual would be
punishable, if it were all done by himself alone’ … It refers not to the
offence that the individuals concerned plan or carry out, but rather, to an
act or a continuum of acts – in short, a criminal design …

(b) A common intention refers to a ‘common design’ or plan, which might either
have been pre-arranged or formed spontaneously at the scene of the criminal
act … This must be the intention to do ‘the very criminal act done by the
actual doer’ … foresight of the possibility of the criminal act is not enough
… As this formulation shows, the common intention, strictly speaking, refers
not to the intention to commit the offence which is the subject of the charge,
but to the intention to do the criminal act, although in many cases, the two
will overlap …

(c) The parties to a common intention charge must participate in ‘any of the
diverse acts which together form the unity of criminal behaviour resulting in
the offence charged’ … It was also recognised in [Lee Chez Kee v Public
Prosecutor [2008] 3 SLR(R) 447] that participation may take many forms and
degrees, and it was held that whether an accused person’s participation in a
criminal act is of a sufficient degree to satisfy the participation element
and attract liability under s 34 is a question of fact. In this regard, it was
noted too that there is no requirement for an accused person to be physically
present at the scene of the criminal act in order for him to be liable under s
34 …

The amended charge against Jumadi

138 Given that Jumadi appears to be the leader/boss of the drug trafficking
operation, it is apposite to start with the amended charge against him. Jumadi
admits that he had in his possession, for the purpose of trafficking, 14.67g
(analysed weight) of diamorphine, and not 41.86g (analysed weight), as stated
in the amended charge framed by the Prosecution. Specifically, this 14.67g of
diamorphine consisted of the bundles and packets of diamorphine marked A1A1,
A1D1, A1E1, A1F1 and B1A1. His defences in relation to the remainder of the
Drugs found in the Unit can be divided into two main categories:

(a) The bundles marked A1B, A1C and A2A containing a total of 18.27g of
diamorphine were the Three Bundles that Jumadi claims were mistakenly
delivered to him and which he intended to return to Vishu (“the Mistake
Defence”). Therefore, Jumadi does not dispute that he had possession of the
drugs and knowledge of the nature of the drugs contained in the Three Bundles.
The crux of the dispute is whether he intended to traffic in these Three
Bundles of diamorphine.

(b) Jumadi alleges that the packets marked D1A, D2A, D3A, D4A, D5A, E1B1 and
E1E containing a total of 8.92g of diamorphine, which were found on
Salzawiyah’s bed and inside the closet in the bedroom of the Unit, belonged to
Salzawiyah (“the Ownership Defence”). The crux of the dispute here is whether
Jumadi had these packets of diamorphine in his possession and intended to
traffic in them.

139 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the evidence, I find that
the Prosecution has proved the charge against Jumadi beyond a reasonable doubt
and I am not persuaded by any of Jumadi’s defences which do not raise any
reasonable doubt in relation to the Prosecution’s case. I shall now elaborate
on the reasons for my decision.

Contradictions between Jumadi’s Statements and his testimony in court

140 The Prosecution’s case relies largely on Jumadi’s Statements, in which he
consistently admitted that the Drugs found in the Unit were in his possession
for the purpose of trafficking. This can be seen from the following:

(a) In his First Contemporaneous Statement, Jumadi admitted that “everything
in this house are [sic] mine”. This was a clear statement admitting possession
of all the Drugs in the Unit.

(b) This was similarly the case for Jumadi’s Second Contemporaneous Statement.
When asked about the Bundles and packets of diamorphine in the red bag and
camouflage bag, Jumadi clearly admitted that they were “for sale”. He further
admitted that the packets of diamorphine found in the bedroom of the Unit
belonged to him, some of which were for sale.

(c) Again, in the MDP Notice, Jumadi admitted that “[a]ll the things in this
house are mine”.

(d) In his Fourth Long Statement, Jumadi stated that the packets of
diamorphine marked D1A, D2A, D3A, D4A, D5A, E1B1 and E1A came from the two
batu of heroin which he and Shisham ordered on 16 June 2017 and received on 17
June 2017. He explained that these were for sale and belonged to him, although
he surmised that E1B1 had probably been packed by Salzawiyah. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Exhibit P233, at paras 51 and 52.

At the end of his Fourth Long Statement, he again reiterated that “the drugs
inside the house belong[ed] to [him]”. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Exhibit P233, at para 68.

(e) In his Fourth Long Statement, Jumadi also explained in significant detail
how he had obtained the five Bundles of diamorphine. In particular, he stated
that he had initially only intended to order two batu of diamorphine. However,
Vishu suggested that he purchase five batu on credit, such that he only needed
to pay $10,000. Jumadi then obtained $10,000 from Salzawiyah, explaining that
he needed to “stock up heroin for Hari Raya”. That night, he told Shisham to
call Vishu to confirm the purchase of five batu of heroin. Shisham did so, and
informed Jumadi that the diamorphine would be delivered on 22 June 2017. On 22
June 2017, Shisham and Jumadi duly paid for and collected the five batu, which
were all intended for sale. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Exhibit P233, at paras 53–55.

141 In court, however, Jumadi’s evidence differed significantly from his
Statements. He sought to disclaim certain portions of his Statements,
explaining that this was due to the Promise, as follows: 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 30, lines 1–9.

A: Before I gave the long statement, in my mind, I was thinking of Officer
Fardlie’s promises to me. ‘If I admit that all the barang is [sic] mine and
cooperate with CNB, I will be let off the gallows.’ So when I gave this long
statement, there are some parts in which I tell the truth, there are some
parts which I lied – I fabricate, and there are certain facts which I did not
say here because, in my mind, I was thinking of Officer Fardlie’s promises –
since my life is in danger.

Q: And what you have explained applied on your mind throughout all the long
statements?

A: Yes. [Y]es.

142 This alleged Promise applied to his contemporaneous statements as well,
200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 29, lines 13–20.

in particular, his failure to explain that the Three Bundles had been
mistakenly given by Vishu. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 43, line 18 to p 44, line 17.

He also explained that, when he stated in his First Contemporaneous Statement
that all of the drugs “in this house” belonged to him, he was referring only
to the drugs found in the living room of the Unit. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 28, lines 21–22.

143 Since these contradictions pertain to critical elements of the amended
charge against Jumadi, it is necessary to determine the extent to which
Jumadi’s account in court should be believed, as compared to the account set
out in his Statements. I shall now explain why Jumadi’s account as set out in
his Statements is generally more credible than his testimony in court.

(1) Jumadi’s explanation regarding the Promise

144 Fundamentally, Jumadi’s explanation for the above contradictions is that
he had been influenced or misled by the Promise when giving his Statements.
However, I have already found (see [98] above) that the Prosecution had proven
beyond a reasonable doubt that no Promise had been given to Jumadi at any
point in time, either by SSSgt Fardlie, IO Yip, or any other CNB officer. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

PCS, at para 50.

Furthermore, as I shall elaborate further below, some parts of the Statements
that Jumadi sought to disclaim are inconsistent with his allegation about the
Promise. Therefore, I reject Jumadi’s assertions that certain portions of his
Statements had been given because of the Promise. That being the case, there
was no reasonable explanation as to why he would admit that he possessed the
Drugs for the purpose of trafficking if this was not actually true.

145 In so far as Jumadi had hoped to be given a certificate of substantive
assistance and was therefore cooperative and forthcoming with the CNB (see
[110] above), this would only have encouraged him to tell the truth in his
Statements rather than fabricate or omit significant facts as he alleged in
court. If he had fabricated his confessions in an attempt to appear
cooperative, it is unlikely he would have differentiated between the
packets/bundles of diamorphine intended for sale and those intended for his
own consumption. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Exhibit P233, at paras 50–53.

146 One of the implications of my decision that the Promise had not been made
is that it significantly affected Jumadi’s credibility as a witness. Despite
the overwhelming evidence, he was adamant that the Promise had been made and
he continued to maintain this position in the main trial even after I had
admitted the Statements into evidence after the ancillary hearings. This
indicated that Jumadi was prepared to fabricate evidence in order to support
his case and avert the capital punishment. In my view, it is essential that
Jumadi’s evidence be viewed with extreme caution, especially his testimony in
court. Generally, his Statements are more truthful than his testimony in
court. The court has to carefully go through Jumadi’s evidence with a fine-
tooth comb and discern the truth from the falsehoods.

(2) Inconsistencies in Jumadi’s testimony in court

147 Another reason why I place less weight on Jumadi’s testimony in court is
because there are serious and material inconsistencies in Jumadi’s testimony
in court. This refers to both the internal inconsistencies in Jumadi’s
testimony, as well as the inconsistencies between Jumadi’s testimony and the
other evidence before the court. This requires the court to discern the grain
from the chaff in analysing the truth of Jumadi’s evidence. I shall give
several examples of the serious and material inconsistencies and my findings
thereon.

(A) Explanation of the First Contemporaneous Statement

148 One such material inconsistency pertained to Jumadi’s explanation of the
admission contained in his First Contemporaneous Statement. Jumadi sought to
explain that when he admitted to owning the drugs “in this house” in his First
Contemporaneous Statement, he meant the drugs found in the living room of the
Unit and not all the drugs found in the Unit. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 28, lines 21–22.

However, this does not cohere with his assertion that he was influenced by the
Promise and SSSgt Fardlie telling him to cooperate and to admit to owning all
the drugs in the Unit.

(B) Evidence on quantities of diamorphine purchased

149 Another inconsistency pertained to Jumadi’s evidence on the quantities of
diamorphine that he typically bought. In examination-in-chief, Jumadi
testified that, between December 2016 and April 2017, he was buying and
selling “half set[s]” of diamorphine. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 43, line 32 to p 44, line 5.

It was only after moving into the Unit in April 2017 that he began to buy two
to three sets of diamorphine at a time. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 48, lines 12–27; p 49, lines 25–30.

Further, it was only in June 2017 that he began buying half batu (containing
three sets) to one batu (containing six sets) of diamorphine. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 50, lines 2–4.

However, in cross-examination, Jumadi affirmed his Second Long Statement where
he had stated that, towards the end of January 2017, he had begun to order one
set of diamorphine at a time. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 56, lines 3–4.

Jumadi also affirmed his First Long Statement where he had stated that, by
February 2017, he could be ordering three sets (or half batu) of diamorphine
daily if business was good. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 54, lines 29–30.

150 Jumadi’s testimony in court is contradictory. His evidence-in-chief is
also inconsistent with the other evidence, specifically, the entries in the
Notebook, Salzawiyah’s mobile phone records, and Jumadi’s Statements. I start
with the objective evidence, specifically, the entries in the Notebook. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

PCS, at paras 87–89.

Three entries in particular are pertinent. First, an entry on the left page of
the Notebook dated 15 June 2017 stating: “3 x BAT = $9400” (“the 15 June
Entry”). 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Exhibit 1D1, at p 41.

Second, an entry also on the left page of the Notebook dated 17 June 2017
stating: “2800 x 2 = $5600 2 BATU”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Exhibit 1D1, at p 43.

Third, an entry on the left page of the Notebook dated 20 June 2017 stating:
“2 BATT – 2800 x 2 = 5600”. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Exhibit 1D1, at p 46.

With regards to the entry dated 17 June 2017, Jumadi explained that this entry
meant that he had purchased two batu for the price of $2,800 per batu. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NEs, 23 September 2020, at p 13, lines 22–32.

This corresponds to Jumadi’s Fourth Long Statement, where he stated that he
received two batu on 17 June 2017. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Exhibit P233, at para 49.

It is reasonable to infer that the same explanation also applies to the entry
on 20 June 2017 (ie, the entry meant that Jumadi had purchased two batu for
the price of $2,800 per batu, amounting to $5,600 in total). With regard to
the 15 June Entry, Jumadi initially explained that the 15 June Entry referred
to three batu of diamorphine costing $9,400. It is notable that, when asked by
the court whether the notation meant that he “bought three batu for $9,400”,
Jumadi clearly replied “Yes”. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NEs, 23 September 2020, at p 7, lines 4–8.

However, moments later, when the Prosecution asked him the same question that
the court had asked him, he backtracked on his reply, as follows: 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NEs, 23 September 2020, at p 8, lines 13–16.

Q: Okay. So that means that you bought three batu for $9,400?

A: That is the price. I cannot remember whether I collect or not.

Q: Then what’s the point of writing this down?

A: Maybe at that time, I wanted to write down the price of three batu or one
batu.

[emphasis added]

151 This subsequent reply contradicts his initial, clear answer that he had
bought the three batu of diamorphine. It is also at odds with his earlier
explanation that the entries made on the left page of the Notebook referred to
his “batu collection”. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NEs, 23 September 2020, at p 6, lines 7–9.

Therefore, I am not inclined to accept Jumadi’s explanation that he simply
wrote down the 15 June Entry in order to record the prices of three batu which
he did not eventually collect. That was a convenient explanation proffered by
him once he realised that his earlier evidence contradicted his testimony
regarding the quantities of diamorphine he had bought at the relevant time.

152 Similarly, Salzawiyah’s mobile phone records show that the increase in the
amount of diamorphine bought and sold by Jumadi occurred much earlier than
Jumadi sought to suggest in his testimony in evidence-in-chief. Two examples
are pertinent. The first is a series of messages exchanged between Salzawiyah
and “Ah Cat” on 13 April 2017, in which Salzawiyah and Ah Cat discussed the
purchase by Salzawiyah and Jumadi of one batu from Ah Cat. The relevant
messages read as follows: 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Exhibit G, at pp 45–48.

Time| Sender| Recipient| Message (translated)  
---|---|---|---  
12.59pm| Ah Cat| Salzawiyah| P already come in.  
12.59pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| ‘Hehe’  
1.00pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| I am not sure babe whether Ady know or not.  
1.00pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| I wanna check money  
1.00pm| Salzawiyah | Ah Cat| Whetehr [sic] I have enough to take or not?  
1.00pm| Ah Cat| Salzawiyah| OK babe  
…  
1.04pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| If me and Ady take 1  
1.05pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| Is it enough?  
1.05pm| Ah Cat| Salzawiyah| Enough.  
…  
1.06pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| I order that 1 of it.  
1.06pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| You break into 2.  
1.06pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| I will feedback the quality.  
1.08pm| Ah Cat| Salzawiyah| OK babe  
1.09pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| So for 1 [batu] is?  
1.09pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| Broker offer us 35 that day.  
1.10pm| Salzawiyah| Ah Cat| But we still come to you.  
  
153 Similarly, on 22 April 2017, Salzawiyah exchanged another series of
messages with “Ayong Hubby”, in which Salzawiyah and Ayong Hubby discuss the
purchase by Ayong Hubby’s friend of half or one batu. The relevant messages
read as follows: 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Exhibit G, at pp 56–57.

Time| Sender| Recipient| Message (translated)  
---|---|---|---  
12.05am| Salzawiyah| Ayong Hubby| P already have.  
…  
12.27am| Ayong Hubby| Salzawiyah| Sorry, brother. If half stone or 1 stone how
much? ‘Haiz’ really difficult.  
12.28am| Salzawiyah| Ayong Hubby| Now, there’s a lot already ‘kena’.  
12.29am| Salzawiyah| Ayong Hubby| So, the most good is 1900 half.  
12.31am| Salzawiyah| Ayong Hubby| 3700, for 1.  
…  
12.36am| Ayong Hubby| Salzawiyah| My friend say $1700 cannot. If can, now he
want to take.  
12.36am| Salzawiyah| Ayong Hubby| Don’t understand.  
12.38am| Ayong Hubby| Salzawiyah| If $1700, my friend say can or not?  
1.35am| Ayong Hubby| Salzawiyah| If got anything, just come here. Our house is
always open to both of you.  
1.36am| Ayong Hubby| Salzawiyah| Just update if you are coming OK?  
1.37am| Ayong Hubby| Salzawiyah| But you just stay only, selling outside.  
  
154 In this regard, I do not believe Salzawiyah’s explanation of the messages
on 13 April 2017 that she was only asking for the price of one batu because
Jumadi had asked her to find out. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 6, lines 1–3; PCS, at para 125.

Similarly, I do not believe Salzawiyah’s explanation that, in the messages on
22 April 2017, she was not offering to sell batu but was simply telling Ayong
Hubby the relevant prices. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 8, line 26; PCS, at para 126.

These explanations are not borne out by the messages themselves. It is clear
from the messages that the parties were discussing the sale and purchase of
diamorphine. Thus, these show that, even in April 2017, Jumadi was dealing in
quantities of at least one batu.

155 I shall turn now to Jumadi’s Statements, which also show that Jumadi
purchased relatively large quantities of diamorphine at an extremely high
frequency in the period leading up to his arrest. In his Fourth Long
Statement, Jumadi stated as follows: 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Exhibit P233, at para 48.

I finished selling the [one batu of] heroin in another 2 days [on 17 June
2017]. I then ordered another 2 more ‘batu’ which I finished selling within 2
days [on 19 June 2017]. After that I ordered another one ‘batu’ which I
finished selling on that day itself [on 20 June 2017]. On Friday 16 June 2017,
I ordered 2 ‘batu’ of heroin which I received the order on Saturday.

156 Based on the above, Jumadi had dealt with approximately four consignments
amounting to six batu of diamorphine in total in the span of four to five
days. This was confirmed by him in cross-examination and he did not seek to
challenge the accuracy of this part of his Fourth Long Statement. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NEs, 31 August 2020, at p 11, lines 23–26; 22 September 2020, at p 70, line 10
to p 72, line 28.

157 Therefore, Jumadi’s Statements, the Notebook, Salzawiyah’s mobile phone
records and certain parts of Jumadi’s testimony in cross-examination all point
toward the conclusion that he had dealt with much larger quantities of
diamorphine than he claimed in his evidence-in-chief. Specifically, by June
2017, he was purchasing one to three batu at a time, with purchases of
diamorphine made at frequent intervals. This clearly refutes his testimony in
evidence-in-chief. In light of this, it is not surprising or out of place that
he would order five batu from Vishu to “stock up” for the Hari Raya period,
especially since Vishu was prepared to sell the batu on partial credit.

(C) The Three Bundles

158 Numerous material and irreconcilable inconsistencies also arise in
relation to Jumadi’s explanation regarding the Three Bundles. Jumadi’s defence
is that he had received the additional Three Bundles from Vishu by mistake. He
explained that, when the courier passed the red bag containing the Bundles to
him, he did not notice the extra weight of the Three Bundles. According to
Jumadi, “[i]t happened so fast because it was in a public area”, therefore, he
“took [the red bag] quickly and put it at Shisham’s legs”. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 60, lines 16–28.

I find this explanation unconvincing. This was not Jumadi’s first time
collecting an order of diamorphine, neither was this his first time dealing in
batu. He knew that the weight of one batu was approximately 450g. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

NEs, 23 September 2020, at p 64, line 5–28.

The difference between two batu (approximately 900g) and five batu
(approximately 2.25kg) is far from insignificant. As pointed out in cross-
examination, five batu weigh more than twice as much as two batu. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 60, lines 24–26.

I find it implausible that Jumadi could have failed to notice this substantial
difference in weight simply because he wished to avoid lingering at the
collection location. Furthermore, he admitted that he received the red bag
from the courier. Thus, he should have noticed immediately the substantial
weight difference. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

PCS, at para 84.

However, he alleged that he took the red bag and placed it near Shisham who
was seated at the front passenger seat. This is inconsistent with Jumadi’s
Statements detailing his previous collections (which he confirmed in court
were true), which show that he was careful and observant when it came to
collecting drugs. I give two examples:

(a) On 12 June 2017, Jumadi and Shisham went to Marsiling to collect an order
of methamphetamine. Shisham left the car and returned with the
methamphetamine, which was wrapped in aluminium foil. In that case, Jumadi was
concerned that “there [were] many people walking around”. Therefore, he did
not open the item immediately. Instead, he took it and pressed it with his
fingers to determine if the texture was similar to that of methamphetamine. He
then “drove to somewhere quiet” to weigh the item and confirm that it was
methamphetamine. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Exhibit P232, at para 34.

(b) On 15 June 2017, Jumadi and Shisham went to collect an order of
diamorphine and cannabis. As in the present case, the couriers boarded
Jumadi’s car and gave Shisham three “bundles wrapped in black tape” in
exchange for the money. After the couriers left the car, Jumadi did not drive
back to the Unit because he “felt something amiss”. He noticed that two of the
bundles were “packed nicely” while the other was “strangely packed”. He then
drove to a car park to open the bundles and weigh them, upon which he realised
that he had probably been given less cannabis than he had ordered. He then
“nagged at [Shisham] for not weighing the items upon receiving [them] in front
of the [couriers]”. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Exhibit P233, at paras 45–46.

159 It is clear from the above that Jumadi was very careful when he collected
drugs. Even where the collection took place in a public location (see [158(a)]
above), he still did a cursory check of the drugs before driving to a more
secluded location to weigh them properly. As evident from [158(b)] above, even
though he was not the one who physically collected the drugs, he still paid
attention and was observant enough to notice that one of the bundles was
wrapped differently from the other two. In these circumstances, it is hard to
believe that Jumadi failed to notice that the red bag was more than twice as
heavy than what he would have expected and that he was not suspicious about
the significant weight difference.

160 Furthermore, Jumadi’s defence is that he had intended to return the Three
Bundles to Vishu. However, on his own evidence, he placed one of the Three
Bundles (the bundle marked A2A, containing the packet of diamorphine marked
A2A1) in the camouflage bag, 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 18, lines 1–18.

while the other two of the Three Bundles remained in the red bag. The red bag,
therefore, contained (a) the two Bundles intended for sale; (b) the remainder
of the two batu of diamorphine (the packets marked A1E1 and A1F1) which were
also for sale; 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

NEs, 31 August 2020, at p 13, lines 16–18.

(c) the two Bundles allegedly intended to be returned to Vishu; and (d) a host
of drug trafficking paraphernalia including a digital weighing scale, empty
packets, straws and lighters. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Exhibits P50–P52

The separation of the Three Bundles was odd – he combined two of the Three
Bundles with the rest of the drugs in the red bag, which he admits were all
intended for sale. If what Jumadi said is true and he indeed intended to
return all Three Bundles to Vishu, it would have made more logical sense for
him to take out the Three Bundles and separate them from the rest of the drugs
which were intended for sale. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

PCS, at paras 61 and 85.

Why did Jumadi take one bundle out of the Three Bundles and place it in the
camouflage bag when the Three Bundles were all intended to be returned to
Vishu?

161 When asked about this in cross-examination, Jumadi’s explanation was as
follows: 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 54, line 13 to p 56, line 3.

Q: Now if you intended to return these bundles, my next question, why didn’t
you put them together?

A: Because the red bag is full. Because I’ve already taken out A1F and A1E
from the camou[flage] bag and put it inside the red bag. As such, that red bag
is already full.

…

Q: That’s not my point, Mr Jumadi. Why didn’t you take out A1 Bravo and A1
Charlie and A2 Alpha and put them together? In a bag, any bag.

…

A: At that point of time, I do not have the time to take it out and put it in
another bag.

Q: Why not? … [A]ccording to you in your EIC, you had already arrived at –
back at the unit at 10 o’clock. You had time to repack by placing A1 Echo and
A1 Foxtrot into the red bag. And A1A – and A2 Alpha in the camou[flage] bag.
The raid on your unit happened at 2.13pm in the afternoon. So if – even if you
are telling the truth about coming back to the unit at 10.00am, you had about
4 hours to do all these and you had already … transfer[red] A1 Echo and A1
Foxtrot to the red bag and A2 Alpha to the camou[flage] bag. How come you’re
saying you didn’t have time?

A: One reason is I do not have the time. The second reason would be these two
bags [the red bag and the camouflage bag] I will bring it down together with
me downstairs when I want to stash the three batus.

…

Q: So you are going to bring two bags filled with heroin into a public place,
where you are going to take these bundles already in bags outside and leave
them in the open. And then leave them there in the hopes that Ah Neh’s courier
– jockey will come soon and pick them up. Three batus worth.

A: … I have this practice every time when I leave the house, I will bring the
drugs together with me.

Q: You will bring the entire drugstore that you have together with you when
you leave the house?

A: Correct.

162 In the above exchange, it is apparent that Jumadi provided at least three
different explanations as to why he did not pack the Three Bundles separately
from the other drugs. First, he claimed that this was because the red bag was
full. Second, when it was pointed out to him that he could have used any other
bag, he then said that it was because he did not have time. Third, when it was
again pointed out to him that he had almost four hours between the time he
allegedly returned back to the Unit and the time the CNB officers arrested the
accused persons, he then added that it was also because he had a practice of
bringing all of his drugs with him wherever he went. As such, he had intended
to bring the red bag and the camouflage bag (and presumably all the other
drugs in his possession) with him to the ground floor of the Unit, just to
stash the Three Bundles. His explanation becomes absurd and gibberish.

163 In relation to the last explanation, Jumadi further explained that: 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 57, lines 22–26.

… [E]ver since I’ve broken my partnership with Salzawiyah, I do not want
anything to happen to my home with the – when I’m not around. As such, first
I’ve already informed that I brought the drugs together with me because I do
not want anything to happen at home. Secondly, it’s whenever a customer needs
the drug, they can order straight from me.

164 In my view, this explanation is also extremely dubious and unconvincing.
This practice was not mentioned anywhere else in Jumadi’s Statements or in his
testimony in court. It is also not borne out by any of the evidence before the
court. To the contrary, in Shisham’s Second Long Statement he stated that,
when he and Jumadi left the Unit at 10am in the morning of 22 June 2017,
“Jumadi was not carrying anything or any bags”. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

2 AB 1205; NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 59, line 24 to p 60, line 6.

Although Jumadi sought to explain this on the basis that Shisham could
possibly have wished to distance himself from the drug transaction, I do not
see how a statement that Jumadi was carrying bags could incriminate Shisham.
Furthermore, it almost beggars belief that Jumadi would bring all of his drugs
and drug paraphernalia with him whenever he left the Unit. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

PCS, at para 86.

Even if he wanted to be prepared for contingencies and unexpected orders from
customers, this did not necessitate bringing all of his drugs with him.
Finally, even if he did have such a practice, his assertion in the present
case was that he would bring all of his drugs to the ground floor of the Unit,
just so that he could hide the Three Bundles. I consider such a suggestion to
be extremely unrealistic and uncharacteristic of an experienced drug
trafficker like Jumadi. Instead, it only demonstrates the extent to which
Jumadi was prepared to fabricate evidence in order to support his case.

165 Finally, in deciding which of the Bundles to return, Jumadi claimed that
he selected the Three Bundles as they were smaller bundles. However, all the
Bundles were about the same weight and looked similar. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 48, line 26 to p 49, line 8; p 52, line 2 to p
53, line 26.

All of these illogical behaviours indicate that his story about returning the
Three Bundles to Vishu could not be true and he fabricated it for his defence
when he was on the witness stand.

(D) Evidence regarding the money used to purchase the Bundles

166 Another area of inconsistency pertains to Jumadi’s evidence on how he
obtained the $10,000 which he used to purchase the Bundles. On this issue, the
only consistency between Jumadi’s Statements and his testimony in court is
that he took the money from Salzawiyah to pay Vishu for the purchase of the
five batu of diamorphine on 22 June 2017. The inconsistencies are with regard
to the details. Specifically, Jumadi stated in his Fourth Long Statement that
Salzawiyah had given him the money that he used to purchase the five Bundles.
In court, however, he claimed that he had taken the money from an ang pow in a
black tray in the bedroom of the Unit. Before leaving the bedroom, he told
Salzawiyah, who was lying on the bed and whose eyes were closed at that time,
that he had taken the money to buy barang. Salzawiyah did not respond. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 6 lines 3–11; p 7, lines 12–22; Exhibit C1.

167 Jumadi prevaricated in his explanations for why he allegedly lied
regarding how he had obtained the money used to purchase the Bundles. Upon
further cross-examination, some of these explanations also could not withstand
scrutiny. Jumadi’s first explanation was that he lied because the Promise
required him to claim ownership of all the Drugs and cooperate with the CNB.
242

##### Foot Note 242

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 9, lines 9–17.

However, it was pointed out to him that how he obtained the money to purchase
the Drugs was unrelated to claiming ownership of the Drugs and there was
therefore no need to lie regarding this matter. Jumadi then changed his
explanation to say that he had lied in order to make his statement conform
with his previous statements in which he had informed the CNB that the money
he used to purchase drugs had been obtained from Salzawiyah. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 9, lines 18–28.

He admitted, nevertheless, that it was true that “every time [he] wanted money
to buy drugs, [he] got [the money] from Salzawiyah”. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 10, lines 1–3.

When pressed further, he then changed his explanation a third time, claiming
that his memory had not been clear at the time he gave the Fourth Long
Statement. Therefore, he simply stuck to his modus operandi as set out in his
previous statements, namely, that he would obtain money from Salzawiyah to
purchase drugs. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 10, lines 4–15.

168 However, Jumadi’s first and second explanations are, in fact, mutually
inconsistent with his third explanation. His first and second explanations
were that he had deliberately lied because he thought that the “truth” would
disentitle him to the fulfilment of the Promise or contradict his previous
statements. His third explanation, however, was that, at the time he gave his
Fourth Long Statement, he could not remember how he had gotten the money so he
repeated the modus operandi set out in his previous statements. The third
explanation is predicated on a fundamentally different state of mind than the
first and second explanations. Moreover, the third explanation is in itself
difficult to believe. The Fourth Long Statement was recorded on 4 July 2017,
less than two weeks after the events of 21 June and 22 June 2017. By that
time, Jumadi would have had some time to collect his thoughts while the
relevant facts remained fresh in his mind. In contrast, the trial took place
more than three years after the said events. It is incredible that, at the
time the Fourth Long Statement was recorded, he could not remember how he had
obtained the money used to purchase the Bundles, but his memory was suddenly
refreshed when it came to his testimony in court.

169 These vacillating and inconsistent explanations indicate that Jumadi was
simply not telling the truth in his testimony in court regarding how he had
obtained the money to purchase the five Bundles. Instead, his Fourth Long
Statement was much more credible.

170 On a related note, I shall address Jumadi’s claim that, out of the $10,000
he brought with him to the collection point, only $7,000 was for the purchase
of diamorphine and the remaining $2,000 to $3,000 was for other expenses such
as petrol, payment of the car rental and purchase of cigarettes, food and
groceries (see [33] above). I am not inclined to accept Jumadi’s evidence in
this regard. Instead, the amount that he had with him – $10,000 – coheres with
Vishu’s offer to him regarding the five batu, as described in his Statements.
This is because the sum of $10,000 would have been sufficient for Jumadi to
purchase approximately three and a half batu. This is based on the price of
two batu being approximately $5,600, ie, $2,800 per batu, as recorded in an
entry in the Notebook dated 20 June 2017. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Exhibit 1D1, at p 46; NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 62, lines 22–28.

This accords with Jumadi’s Fourth Long Statement wherein he stated that Vishu
had agreed to “give [him] credit for the price of [two batu]”. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

PCS, at para 62; Exhibit P233, at para 53.

(E) Timing of the calls with Vishu on 21 June 2017

171 The next area of inconsistency pertained to the timing of the calls made
with Vishu on 21 June 2017 regarding the Bundles. It is not disputed that
various calls were made between Shisham’s and Vishu’s mobile numbers on 21
June 2017. Rather, the disagreement is regarding the contents of those phone
calls and who had been present when the phone calls were made. According to
the Prosecution, the possibility of purchasing five batu of diamorphine on
credit was first raised in a phone call made between Shisham’s and Vishu’s
mobile phone numbers at 4pm. At this time, all three accused persons were in
the Unit. After the phone call at 4pm, Jumadi asked Salzawiyah for $10,000,
which she gave to him. Later that evening, while Shisham and Jumadi were in
separate locations outside of the Unit, Jumadi instructed Shisham to confirm
the order of the five batu with Vishu, which Shisham did. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

PCS, at para 57; pp 31–32.

In contrast, according to Jumadi’s testimony in court, the calls with Vishu
arranging for the purchase of the two batu of diamorphine was made at 6.57pm,
7.27pm and 11pm. The initial agreement was for the diamorphine to be collected
at 9am the next day. Between about 4pm that afternoon and about 11pm after the
call with Vishu, both Jumadi and Shisham were in the Unit. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 11, line 25 to p 12, line 8; p 17, lines 13–15.

172 As between these two versions of events, the version set out by the
Prosecution is more convincing. This is because Jumadi’s testimony regarding
the timing of the calls with Vishu on 21 June 2017 is at odds with the other
evidence before the court. This includes Salzawiyah’s evidence, as well as
independent contemporaneous evidence, specifically, the phone call records
from Shisham’s mobile phone and text messages exchanged between Shisham and
Jumadi.

173 I shall turn first to Salzawiyah’s evidence. Jumadi’s testimony is
inconsistent with Salzawiyah’s testimony that, when she returned to the Unit
in the evening of 21 June 2017, both Jumadi and Shisham were not in the Unit.
250

##### Foot Note 250

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 47, lines 11–15.

It is also inconsistent with the phone call records and text messages, which
suggest that, at these times, Shisham and Jumadi were not together in the
Unit. Shisham called Jumadi at 6.26pm. A call was made by Jumadi to Shisham at
6.33pm, which was not picked up. Jumadi made another call to Shisham at
6.34pm, which lasted for five seconds. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Exhibit G, at p 29.

Furthermore, from 10.27pm onwards, the following messages were exchanged
between Jumadi and Shisham: 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Exhibit G, at pp 29–30.

Time| Sender| Recipient| Message (translated)  
---|---|---|---  
10.27pm| Shisham| Jumadi| May peace be upon you “ BOSS is it still long?  
10.35pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Bro wait  
10.37pm| Shisham| Jumadi| Ok bro  
11.13pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Soery bro. Make sure you go back  
11.17pm| Shisham| Jumadi| Bro where are you? Come to ang mo kio?  
11.18pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Bro, sorry bro. I’ve got something on. Ahh … you go
back, go back first now bro. I’m at Bedok ah, got something on. This… you go
back first take Grab sorry I’m unable to take/(pick you up) ah bro. Very very
sorry. Ahh… you take Grab first can?  
11.18pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Make sure you go back bro, because tomorrow want to
load. Don’t know now. Tomorrow load what time bro?  
11.30pm| Shisham| Jumadi| It ok bro no problem don’t worry about me, a I can
heading home by my own, one importent matter that what (specific) Time  
11.31pm| Jumadi| Shisham| I otw back home  
11.33pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Go back quickly.. Sleep.. Tomorrow wat time  
11.35pm| Shisham| Jumadi| Ten in the morning!  
11.36pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Ok.. Fire brigade  
  
These calls and messages suggest that, by about 6.30pm, Jumadi and Shisham
were already at separate locations outside of the Unit. Therefore, Jumadi
could not have spoken to Vishu using Shisham’s mobile phone on speaker mode at
the times he claimed in his testimony in court.

174 In relation to the calls at 6.33pm and 6.34pm, Jumadi explained that, at
the time, he might have left the Unit to go to the shop or make deliveries, in
which case Shisham would not follow him. It may be a plausible explanation.
However, the same cannot be said for Jumadi’s explanation in relation to the
text messages. According to Jumadi, the messages between 10.27pm and 10.37pm
were “about when [he] was in the toilet” and Shisham had asked him “how long
[did he] need to finish [his] business in the toilet”. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 18, lines 10–18.

If they were indeed in the Unit, which is very small, they would have spoken
to each other instead of sending text messages to each other. The messages at
11.13pm onwards were merely to remind Shisham to return to the Unit and check
if he remembered what they had previously discussed with Vishu regarding the
collection of the diamorphine the next day. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 18, lines 28–30; p 20, line 21 to p 21, line 2.

175 Having considered the evidence, I find that Jumadi’s explanation in court
is false and cannot be believed. Read in totality, the series of messages
clearly show that, between 10.30pm and 11.30pm, Shisham had been waiting for
Jumadi to pick him up. When Jumadi was eventually unable to pick Shisham up,
he apologised to Shisham and asked Shisham to return to the Unit on his own.
255

##### Foot Note 255

×

PCS, at para 81(a).

Furthermore, in asking Shisham “[t]omorrow what time?”, Jumadi was not
checking to see if Shisham remembered the details of the collection which they
had previously discussed with Vishu. Rather, he was asking Shisham for the
time of collection of the diamorphine because he did not know what time had
been arranged. This is clear from the fact that, when Shisham replied “Ten in
the morning”, Jumadi simply replied “Ok… Fire brigade.” This was an
acknowledgment by Jumadi, accompanied by the location of the collection. There
was no attempt to correct Shisham despite Jumadi’s claim that the collection
had been set for 9am the next day. Jumadi sought to explain this on the basis
that he did “not want to entertain [Shisham’s] messages” and wanted to scold
Shisham in person. However, this directly contradicted his earlier evidence
that, if Shisham had gotten the timing of the collection wrong, Jumadi would
“inform him the time and … will maybe scold him”. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 21, line 6 to p 22, line 12; PCS, at para 81(b).

176 Two conclusions can be drawn from the above. First, Shisham and Jumadi
were not together in the Unit between 10.27pm and 12.30am on 21 June 2017.
Therefore, they could not have made the call with Vishu at 11pm as Jumadi
alleges. The evidence further suggests that, at around 6.30pm, Jumadi and
Shisham were also not together in the Unit. Second, Jumadi did not know the
time at which the diamorphine was supposed to be collected until Shisham
informed him at about 11.35pm. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

PCS, at para 82.

These two conclusions significantly undermine Jumadi’s testimony that he had
spoken to Vishu using Shisham’s phone at 6.57pm, 7.27pm and 11pm on 21 June
2017, during which the details of the collection of the two batu had been
agreed.

177 Instead, the account of the relevant events set out in Jumadi’s Fourth
Long Statement and relied upon by the Prosecution is the truth. Specifically,
Jumadi first discussed the purchase of the five batu with Vishu at 4pm on 21
June 2017. After this call, while Salzawiyah was still in the Unit, Jumadi
asked Salzawiyah for $10,000 in order to purchase the five batu. That evening,
by way of a phone call at 6.34pm, Jumadi asked Shisham to call Vishu to
confirm the purchase of the five batu. Shisham did so, by way of several phone
calls with Vishu between 6.57pm and 11pm. Jumadi’s instruction to Shisham as
well as Shisham’s calls with Vishu in this regard were made while Jumadi and
Shisham were in separate locations outside of the Unit.

178 I should add that, in the course of the closing submissions, Jumadi
submitted that the call between Vishu and Shisham at 4pm had not actually
connected. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 111, line 22 to p 112, line 8; p 114, line 12.

This was on the basis that, in a tabulation of Shisham’s phone call records
collated by IO Yip and produced by the Prosecution, the box indicating the
“Duration” of the 4pm call was left blank. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

PSB, at p 809.

The Prosecution’s explanation for this was that the tabulation was derived
from a series of screenshots from Shisham’s mobile phone. There were two types
of screenshots – first, screenshots simply showing a list of the calls to
and/or from the mobile phone number, which did not show the duration of each
call; second, screenshots showing the calls made with a specific contact,
which showed the duration of each call. As only some of the screenshots fell
into the second category (ie, showed the duration of the calls), only the
durations for those calls were indicated in the tabulation. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 117, line 24 to p 118, line 3.

In relation to the 4pm call in particular, there was no screenshot showing the
duration of the call. Therefore, on the face of the tabulation and the
screenshots alone, it was not clear whether the 4pm call had in fact
connected. In other words, the court could not conclude either way whether the
call had connected or whether it had not connected.

179 During the closing submissions, the Prosecution applied under s 283 of the
CPC to adduce further evidence to determine conclusively whether the 4pm call
was connected. However, Jumadi’s counsel objected to this. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 143, line 28 to p 144, line 1; 12 November 2020,
at p 13, lines 2–9.

In my view, it was not necessary to invoke s 283. Section 283 deals with cases
where a court decides to “summon a person as a witness or examine a person in
attendance as a witness … or recall and re-examine a person already examined”
[emphasis added]. In this case, however, the mobile phone had already been
adduced and admitted as a court exhibit ie, P463. It was thus entirely within
the court’s power to open the court exhibit, P463, and any party could have
applied to the court to examine P463 and look at its contents, without the
need to examine or recall any further witnesses. In fact, this was precisely
what the court did at the beginning of the trial, where some of the physical
exhibits were opened and shown to the court and all the parties. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, at p 62, line 28.

Jumadi’s counsel objected to this on the basis that only the “physical exhibit
of the phone” had been adduced as evidence, whereas the contents of the phone
had been adduced separately by the Prosecution in the form of a supplementary
bundle and it would be adducing fresh evidence. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

NEs, 12 November 2020, at p 28, line 27 to p 29, line 1.

180 With respect, I do not agree with Jumadi’s counsel’s submissions on this.
The phone in its entirety had been admitted into evidence. There was no reason
why the court and the parties could not look at the contents of the phone, as
long as such information was clear from the face of the exhibit itself. This
is to be distinguished from information from the phone that requires
additional processing by a technician or an expert, such as the reports
produced by the Forensic Response Team after a digital forensic examination
had been conducted on the phone. In this case, the information regarding
whether the 4pm call had connected fell into the former category of
information that was apparent from the face of the exhibit. Such information
could simply be obtained by turning on the phone, going to the relevant
messaging application, clicking on the relevant contact, and seeing from the
screen whether the call had connected and its duration.

181 For completeness, I am also of the opinion that no prejudice would thereby
occasion to Jumadi. The Prosecution’s case regarding the 4pm call was made
clear to Jumadi in the course of the trial, on the basis that the 4pm call had
in fact connected. Thus, Jumadi had been given sufficient opportunity to
address the Prosecution’s case on that basis. In any case, Jumadi was the one
who first raised the specific issue of whether the 4pm call had connected.
Given my earlier observation that the tabulation and screenshots did not point
either way (ie, could not show whether the call had or had not connected),
turning on Shisham’s mobile phone and looking at its contents could
potentially have assisted Jumadi in his case that the 4pm call had not
connected.

182 Therefore, I authorised the Prosecution to break open the sealed envelope
containing Shisham’s mobile phone in the presence of the accused persons’
respective counsel, so that the parties could confirm whether the 4pm call had
connected and its duration. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

NEs, 12 November 2020, at p 28, lines 11–23.

After this was done, the Prosecution informed the court, and Jumadi’s counsel
confirmed, that the 4pm call had connected and had lasted one minute and 36
seconds. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

NEs, 12 November 2020, at p 30, lines 6–19.

This confirms Jumadi’s Fourth Long Statement that he and Shisham spoke to
Vishu using Shisham’s phone at 4pm.

(F) Timing of the collection of the diamorphine on 22 June 2017

183 Further inconsistencies arise in relation to Jumadi’s account in court
about the time that he and Shisham went to collect the Bundles on 22 June
2017. According to Jumadi’s testimony, it was initially agreed that the
diamorphine would be collected at 9am. On 22 June 2017, he and Shisham left
the Unit at 8.30am and arrived at Changi South Lane at around 9.02am. They
received a call from Vishu at 9.29am asking them to check if they had received
more diamorphine than ordered. They returned to the Unit before 10am and, at
9.58am, Jumadi allegedly called Vishu to discuss what to do with the extra
Bundles. However, these timings directly contradict those given by Jumadi in
his Fourth Long Statement. In his Fourth Long Statement, Jumadi said that they
had originally expected to collect the Bundles in the afternoon. At around 9am
on the morning of 22 June 2017, Shisham received a call that the Bundles were
ready for collection. Jumadi and Shisham left the Unit at about 10am and
reached Changi South Lane before 11am. The collection of the Bundles took
approximately ten minutes or more, after which Jumadi and Shisham returned to
the Unit. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Exhibit P233, at paras 53–54.

184 When asked why he would lie about the above timings, Jumadi’s explanation
was as follows: 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 27, line 5 to p 28, line 12.

Q: Okay. Why did you lie?

A: Well, because of the promise made by Officer Fardlie and this is – this
acts as a follow-up from paragraph 53. Yes. I created all these stories just
to show that there’s a flow and there’s a follow-up from paragraph … 53.

Q: But the truth would have served just as well. You could have simply said …
‘At – we left the unit at 8.30 to do the pickup. We did it at 9.00am.’ … if
the paragraph is a lie, why shift it later?

…

A: Again, when I was giving this statement at that point of time, I can’t
remember clearly. I was just mentioning random timings. … As such, I’m trying
to say here that I have created all this story here that you see in paragraph
54. Because to me, if I were to tell the officer then, as what I’ve told the
Court during my EIC, I will not be able to claim my promise from Officer
Fardlie then.

…

Q: My point is, Mr Jumadi … you didn’t have to make up the timing. You made
the order in paragraph 53. … But you saw fit to, as you say, lie about the
timing and shift it later. Why?

A: Because, for example, there was a call at about 9.30am when Vishnu …
informed me that there was additional barang. If I were to mention this in
this paragraph, it would mean that I am not cooperating with CNB and I will
not be able to claim the promise made by Officer Fardlie.

Q: You didn’t have the [phone] records at that time. …

…

Q: … And, in any case, Mr Jumadi, even if this is correct, what has the time
of the pickup got to do with cooperation to CNB? Either way, you’ve implicated
yourself by saying you did do the pickup. It doesn’t matter what time. Please
answer the question first.

A: Because as I mentioned, when I was giving this statement, I can’t remember
clearly about the timing. But I did remember that there was a phone call
received from Sham. As such, I just put the timing at 9.00am.

185 The explanation, therefore, appears to be that Jumadi made up “random
timings” in his Fourth Long Statement so that he would be able to claim the
benefit of the Promise. Although Jumadi could not “remember clearly”, he
recalled that there was a phone call received by Shisham at around 9am or
9.30am. If he had informed the CNB of the “true” timings, he would have had to
explain that the call received by Shisham pertained to Vishu asking him to
check if there were additional batu.

186 In my view, this explanation does not make any sense. It does not follow
that, if Jumadi had informed the CNB that he collected the drugs at 9am, he
would have to explain the contents and purpose of the call from Vishu at
9.30am. Those are two separate matters. There was, therefore, no reason to lie
about the timing of the collection of the diamorphine. Furthermore, Jumadi’s
claim that he made up “random timings” belies the fact that the timings of the
relevant events given by Jumadi in his Fourth Long Statement are supported by
Salzawiyah’s evidence and the contemporaneous phone records, as follows. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 36, line 23 to p 38, line 7; PCS, at pp 33–35;
paras 58–59.

(a) In the Fourth Long Statement, Jumadi stated that, at about 9am, Shisham
received a phone call that the courier had arrived in Singapore and that the
diamorphine was ready for collection. This corresponds with Shisham’s mobile
phone records, which show that at 9.02am and 9.29am, Shisham received two
calls from Vishu.

(b) According to Jumadi’s Fourth Long Statement, he and Shisham left the Unit
at about 10am. This corresponds with Shisham’s First Long Statement in which
he stated that he and Jumadi left the Unit at around 10am, as well as
Salzawiyah’s evidence that she heard Shisham and Jumadi leave the Unit at
around 10am. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

PCS, at para 75.

Jumadi acknowledged that he had no explanation for why Shisham’s First Long
Statement corresponded to Salzawiyah’s evidence, both of which contradicted
his testimony in court. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 32, line 20 to p 33, line 5; p 59, lines 5–23; 2
AB 1205, at para 9.

(c) In his Fourth Long Statement, Jumadi stated that he and Shisham reached
Changi South Lane before 11am. After they reached, Shisham made a phone call
telling someone that they had arrived. This timeframe corresponds with the
calls made and received by Shisham between 10am and 11am. At 10.15am, there
was a call from Shisham to Vishu. Between 10.26am and 10.29am, there was a
series of missed calls from Vishu to Shisham. These calls took place around
the time that Jumadi and Shisham would have arrived at Changi South Lane,
according to Shisham’s First Long Statement. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

2 AB 1205, at para 9.

At 10.52am, there was a call from Vishu to Shisham, after which there were no
further calls between them. This suggests that the diamorphine had been
successfully collected by that time. This corresponds to the time that Shisham
stated he and Jumadi returned to the Unit, which was “about 11am”. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

2 AB 1206, at para 10.

Similarly, this aligns with Salzawiyah’s estimate that Jumadi and Shisham
returned to the Unit around noon.

187 Jumadi submits that his Fourth Long Statement is not credible because,
although he stated in the Fourth Long Statement that he told Shisham to call
Vishu on the night of 21 June 2017, there were no phone calls from Shisham to
Vishu on the night of 21 June 2017. Furthermore, the Fourth Long Statement
only mentioned two calls between Vishu and Shisham, although more than two
calls were made between Vishu and Shisham on 22 June 2017. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

3DCS, at para 128(b).

I do not find these points to be of great significance. Although he told
Shisham to call Vishu to confirm, it was perfectly plausible that Shisham had
not made the call to Vishu if Vishu had called him first. As Jumadi was not
present during Shisham’s phone calls with Vishu in the evening of 21 June
2017, he would not have known whether it was Shisham who called Vishu or Vishu
who called Shisham. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 77, lines 25–31.

Moreover, at the time Jumadi gave his Fourth Long Statement, he would not have
had Shisham’s mobile phone records before him. It is understandable,
therefore, why he did not recount all the calls that were made, and only
mentioned those that he could recall at the time.

188 In my view, the only discrepancy in Jumadi’s Statements is that, in his
Fourth Long Statement, he stated that Shisham had received a call at 4am in
the morning of 22 June 2017. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Exhibit P233, at para 54.

In this regard, I accept the Prosecution’s submission that Jumadi may have
been mistaken about the timing of the call and was actually referring to the
call between Shisham and Vishu at 7.12am on 22 June 2017. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

PCS, at p 44, footnote 76; Exhibit G, at p 31.

This is reasonable – Jumadi was not privy to this call as it was between
Shisham and Vishu. Furthermore, as I have mentioned, Jumadi did not have the
call records for reference when he gave his Fourth Long Statement. Thus, this
mistake as to the timing of the call (ie, stating that it was 4am although it
was probably at 7.12am) is not significant and does not diminish the weight to
be given to Jumadi’s account in his Statements regarding the timings of the
events of 22 June 2017. Overall, I find that Jumadi’s account in his
Statements is not only internally consistent, but also consistent with the
other evidence.

189 In contrast, Jumadi’s testimony in court regarding the relevant events
would not account for the several calls (missed or otherwise) between Vishu
and Shisham from 10.15am to 10.52am on 22 June 2017. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

PCS, at para 83.

If Jumadi had already discussed the necessary arrangements with Vishu in
relation to the purported extra Three Bundles by 9.58am, there would not have
been a need for any more calls to be exchanged between them. Jumadi could not
provide an explanation for these calls – his evidence was that he was not
involved in these phone calls. Therefore, he did not know the contents or
purpose of such calls. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 35, lines 15–22; NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 20,
line 28 to p 22, line 9.

190 Therefore, Jumadi’s testimony in court directly contradicts his Fourth
Long Statement, as regards the timing of the relevant events on 22 June 2017.
However, Jumadi was unable to satisfactorily explain why he would lie about
the timings of these events in his Fourth Long Statement. His explanation was
convoluted and led to further inconsistencies. Moreover, Salzawiyah’s evidence
and the contemporaneous phone records contradict Jumadi’s testimony in court.
Instead, they support the timings given by Jumadi in his Fourth Long
Statement. Taken in totality, these diminish the credibility of Jumadi’s
testimony in court vis-à-vis his Statements.

(G) Evidence regarding Baba

191 Finally, Jumadi’s testimony in court also contradicts his Statements in
relation to his dealings with “Baba” on 22 June 2017. In his Fourth Long
Statement, Jumadi stated that, after he returned from South Changi Lane to the
Unit, he “received a call from an Indian guy [named] Baba who asked to buy
[two] packets of heroin”. Jumadi told Baba to “meet near the laksa place”.
When Baba reached that location, Jumadi told Shisham “to meet one very old
Indian guy to pass the [two] packets of heroin to him” and collect payment of
$200, and Shisham did so. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Exhibit P233, at para 56.

In court, however, he claimed that, while he had received a call from Baba
asking to buy two packets of diamorphine, Baba eventually cancelled his order
as Jumadi did not agree to lower the price of the diamorphine. According to
Jumadi, this discussion took place “[i]n the same conversation, in the first
call”. As such, the real reason why Shisham left the Unit was not to deliver
diamorphine to Baba, but to survey the location and find a place to hide the
Three Bundles. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

NEs, 31 August 2020, at p 15, line 27 to p 17, line 32.

192 However, Jumadi’s testimony in court is refuted by the contemporaneous
phone records and Shisham’s statements to the CNB. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

PCS, at p 35; para 60.

According to the phone call records of Jumadi’s mobile phone, a total of five
calls were made between Baba’s mobile phone and Jumadi’s mobile phone, as
follows: a call at 9.59am lasting nine seconds, a call at 11.18am lasting 18
seconds, a call at 1pm lasting 14 seconds, a call at 1.01pm lasting nine
seconds, and a call at 1.11pm lasting 13 seconds. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

1 AB 531; NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 41, line 31 to p 44, line 7.

This contradicts Jumadi’s testimony in court that he only had one conversation
with Baba. When confronted with this contradiction, Jumadi claimed that he
could not remember, insisting that, “[a]s far as [he] can remember, there was
one phone call which [he] picked up and spoke to him and that was the one that
[he] stated in [his] statement”. He also suggested that, even though the calls
had been picked up, it was possible that they did not speak during those
calls. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 44, line 11 to p 45, line 6.

In my view, this does not appear to have been the case. The frequency and
duration of the calls, as well as the fact that they spanned from around 10am
to 1pm, suggest otherwise.

193 Furthermore, this is not the only issue with Jumadi’s testimony regarding
Baba. According to Jumadi, he did not mention Baba when he instructed Shisham
to look for a place to hide the Three Bundles. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 45, lines 7–16.

In other words, Jumadi did not tell Shisham about the call or calls which he
had with Baba, in which Baba had allegedly ordered diamorphine and then
cancelled his order. However, in Shisham’s Second Long Statement, he stated
the following: 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

2 AB 1210, paras 12–13.

12 … While smoking, Jumadi told me to go downstairs and meet up one Indian man
at the main gate of the apartment. I did not notice if Jumadi was on the phone
before that. Jumadi told me to collect money from the Indian man. Jumadi did
not tell me how much. I did not ask the purpose of collecting the money. I
just do what Jumadi told me to.

13 I left the unit and went downstairs. I saw a few people standing at the
main gate and one of them is an Indian man. I then approached the Indian man
and asked him if he is Jumadi’s friend. The Indian man said yes and he gave me
the cash. …

194 Although Shisham did not identify the Indian man as Baba, this account in
Shisham’s Second Long Statement corresponds almost exactly with Jumadi’s
account in his Fourth Long Statement and his description of Baba. Jumadi’s
explanation for this was that Shisham possibly overheard his conversation with
Baba and therefore fabricated this story in order not to implicate himself in
the hiding of the Three Bundles. When asked how Shisham could have known
Baba’s race, Jumadi claimed that Shisham knew Baba because Jumadi had asked
him “to deliver some stuff to Baba” on previous occasions.

195 I find this explanation to be extremely far-fetched. First, Jumadi’s
explanation was inherently contradictory. Initially, Jumadi testified that he
never mentioned Baba in his instructions to Shisham, as his instructions
concerned surveying the area to find a hiding place rather than asking Shisham
to meet Baba. Hence, Shisham “didn’t know anything about this Baba person”.
286

##### Foot Note 286

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 45, lines 15–16; p 46, line 19 to p 47, line 14.

However, when confronted with Shisham’s Second Long Statement, Jumadi then
claimed that Shisham knew about Baba because he had asked Shisham to deliver
items to Baba in the past. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 47, lines 11–14.

Jumadi thus vacillated on whether Shisham knew Baba, according to which
position best served his defence. This indicates that he was not telling the
truth regarding his instructions to Shisham. Second, even if Shisham knew Baba
from past transactions, it is extremely unlikely that Shisham would have been
able to fabricate an account regarding an Indian man which corresponded so
closely to Jumadi’s account of Baba in his Fourth Long Statement, unless such
an account of Baba was in fact true or close to the truth. 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

PCS, at para 77.

In other words, given that both Jumadi and Shisham mentioned in Jumadi’s
Fourth Long Statement and Shisham’s Second Long Statement respectively that
Shisham left the Unit to pass something to an Indian man (ie, Baba) , this was
most likely true. Of course, there are certain details in Jumadi’s Fourth Long
Statement that are omitted from Shisham’s Second Long Statement, including the
fact that Jumadi had asked Shisham to pass Baba two packets of diamorphine in
exchange for money. However, this is not unexpected, given that Shisham would
naturally wish to avoid incriminating himself in his statements.

196 Therefore, I find that Jumadi’s testimony in court regarding the allegedly
cancelled transaction with Baba is not at all credible. Instead, the account
set out in Jumadi’s Fourth Long Statement and in Shisham’s Second Long
Statement should be preferred. Specifically, the reason why Shisham had left
the Unit was to deliver packets of diamorphine to Baba, and not to find a
place to hide the Three Bundles. Jumadi’s insistence in court to the contrary
only serves to reinforce my view that his testimony in court should be treated
with extreme caution.

(3) Whether Shisham’s silence is corroborative of Jumadi’s testimony

197 Jumadi submits that the court should treat Shisham’s silence as
corroborative of Jumadi’s evidence regarding the phone calls with Vishu on 21
June 2017 and 22 June 2017 as well as the contents of those calls. This is
because, in the course of his defence in court, Jumadi had given evidence
against Shisham, in response to which Shisham had remained silent. This
argument is based on ss 261 and 291 of the CPC. 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

3DCS, at paras 113–134.

198 I shall start with s 261 of the CPC, which relates to an accused’s silence
“on being charged with an offence, or informed by a police officer … that he
may be prosecuted for an offence”. Here, Jumadi is seeking to rely on
Shisham’s decision not to give evidence in court, rather than Shisham’s
silence on being charged and/or informed of his potential prosecution.
Therefore, s 261 of the CPC is inapplicable. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 76, lines 27–29.

Furthermore, and more importantly, s 261(1) provides that the proper
inferences may be drawn by the court “in determining – (a) whether to commit
the accused for trial; (b) whether there is a case to answer; and (c) whether
the accused is guilty of the offence charged”. This makes clear that the
inferences to be drawn, if any, can only go towards the court’s determination
of the three issues mentioned in ss 261(1)(a)–(c). These three issues pertain
to the accused person who has remained silent, not the co-accused person who
has given evidence against the accused person. Thus, s 261 cannot be used in
the way contended by Jumadi, that is, to give rise to inferences to be
considered by the court in its determination of a co-accused person’s guilt or
otherwise.

199 I turn now to s 291(3) of the CPC, which reads as follows:

If an accused –

(a) after being called by the court to give evidence or after he or the
advocate representing him has informed the court that he will give evidence,
refuses to be sworn or affirmed; or

(b) having been sworn or affirmed, without good cause refuses to answer any
question,

the court, in deciding whether the accused is guilty of the offence, may draw
such inferences from the refusal as appear proper.

200 Section 291(3) applies to an accused person’s election to remain silent
upon being called to give evidence in his defence. Thus, it is applicable in
this case. However, this provision does not have the effect contended by
Jumadi, for the same reason as above. Section 291(3) states that “the court,
in deciding whether the accused is guilty of the offence, may draw such
inferences from the refusal as appear proper” [emphasis added]. Therefore,
similar to s 261, any inferences drawn can only go towards the court’s
determination of whether the accused person who has elected to remain silent
is guilty of the offence he has been charged with. The inferences to be drawn
cannot go towards the court’s determination of whether a co-accused person is
guilty. 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 76, lines 1–5.

201 As I have explained above, these provisions are not to be used by the
court to draw inferences in determining whether the co-accused person (who has
given the evidence) is guilty. Jumadi submits that Shisham’s silence
corroborates his evidence. Does this mean that Shisham’s silence corroborates
Jumadi’s defence in court or his defence as stated in his Statements? I assume
Jumadi meant the former, but I have explained that his account in court is
full of untruths. Accordingly, Jumadi’s argument in this respect is completely
misconceived and must fail.

(4) Conclusion on Jumadi’s Statements and his testimony in court

202 For the above reasons, I am inclined to place less weight on Jumadi’s
testimony in court and accord more weight to his Statements. Jumadi was not
able to offer a coherent and reasonable explanation for why he would lie or
omit information in his Statements. Further, his testimony in court is fraught
with numerous material and serious inconsistencies, both internally and with
the other evidence.

203 In contrast, his Statements are relatively consistent, from his First
Contemporaneous Statement recorded on 22 June 2017 to his Seventh Long
Statement recorded on 6 March 2018. Compared to his testimony in court, which
was given almost three years after his arrest, his Statements were recorded
much closer in time to the critical events of 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017.
In fact, his First Contemporaneous Statement and Second Contemporaneous
Statement were recorded on 22 June 2017, the very day of his arrest and the
collection of the five batu from Vishu. Jumadi’s Cautioned Statement was
recorded the very next day (23 June 2017) and most of his long statements were
recorded in late June and early July 2017, within two weeks of his arrest. The
first three statements, especially the First Contemporaneous Statement and the
Second Contemporaneous Statement, are most likely true as the CNB raid was a
surprise and unexpected. Jumadi was caught off-guard and unprepared. Thus, he
had no time to fabricate or make up a convincing explanation when he was
questioned. Furthermore, he was forthcoming and cooperative in making the
Statements due to his hope that he would obtain a certificate of substantive
assistance. Jumadi’s Statements were also supported by Salzawiyah’s and
Shisham’s evidence and/or statements to the CNB, as well as by the
contemporaneous evidence.

204 For all of the above reasons, I find that, in respect of the issues
relating to Jumadi’s knowledge of the Drugs in the Unit and his intentions
relating to the Drugs, Jumadi’s Statements are more credible and reliable than
his testimony in court, and they should be preferred to Jumadi’s testimony in
court.

The Mistake Defence

205 My conclusion above disposes of the Mistake Defence. I do not accept
Jumadi’s testimony in court that Vishu had mistakenly delivered the five batu
of diamorphine and that he only intended to traffic in two of the five batu.
Rather, I accept the account of the events given by Jumadi in his Statements
that, while he had initially intended to purchase only two batu, Vishu
subsequently persuaded him to purchase five batu in anticipation of the
upcoming Hari Raya holiday and that Vishu was prepared to accept partial
payment with the balance on credit terms. Jumadi had thus paid for and
collected the five batu, intending to traffic in all of them.

206 This scenario is logical and convincing as Jumadi was in the illegal
business of buying and selling drugs. Vishu was his supplier of diamorphine
and was prepared to grant him partial credit terms. Jumadi, being a
businessman peddling in diamorphine, would readily accept it as Vishu gave him
some credit terms for the purchase. Jumadi’s explanation for rejecting Vishu’s
offer was simply that he did not dare sell such a large amount and that he
preferred making payment in full in cash as he did not want to be indebted to
anyone. 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

NEs, 23 September 2020, at p 66, lines 8–18.

This explanation is unconvincing and it shows Jumadi’s desperate attempt to
distance himself from the large quantities of diamorphine found in the Unit in
order to avert the capital charge. He is prepared to accept and confess to
trafficking in diamorphine of an amount that is less than 14.99g, which is a
non-capital charge.

207 For these reasons, I find that the elements of Jumadi’s trafficking charge
– possession of the drugs, knowledge of the nature of the drugs, and intention
to traffic in the drugs – are all satisfied in relation to the five Bundles
(marked A1A1, A1B1, A1C1, A1D1 and A2A1) and the three packets of diamorphine
marked A1E1, A1F1 and B1A1. These are the packets of diamorphine that were
found in the red bag, camouflage bag and the pink box in the living room of
the Unit. I shall now deal with the diamorphine found in the bedroom of the
Unit, which Jumadi alleges belong to Salzawiyah.

The Ownership Defence

208 In relation to the Ownership Defence, I similarly reject Jumadi’s
explanation in court that the sachets/packets of diamorphine found in the
bedroom of the Unit belonged to Salzawiyah. He clearly stated in his Second
Contemporaneous Statement that the diamorphine found in the bedroom belonged
to him, describing them as “old stuffs which have been packed”, some of which
were for sale. This is consistent with his statement in his Fourth Long
Statement that the sachets/packets of diamorphine found in the bedroom of the
Unit belonged to him. He was also able to provide details in relation to these
packets of diamorphine. For instance, he explained that these packets of
diamorphine had originated from the two batu he ordered on 16 June 2017 and
received on 17 June 2017. He explained that Shisham had made the orders by
calling Vishu on his phone, after which Jumadi would drive with Shisham to
meet the courier at one of two locations, depending on the time. Further, he
and Shisham had repacked the diamorphine that he bought into sachets marked
D1A, D2A, D3A, D4A and D5A, which were sealed because his “runners had
received complaint[s] from their customers that the packet [was] less than 8
grams”. He also explained that he had not packed the sachets of diamorphine
marked E1B1, which was likely packed by Salzawiyah. 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

Exhibit P233, at paras 48, 51 and 52; PCS, at paras 95–96.

209 Furthermore, it was Jumadi’s evidence that he and Salzawiyah shared the
bedroom and he would sleep there if he and Salzawiyah were not quarrelling.
294

##### Foot Note 294

×

NEs, 23 September 2020, at p 68, lines 9–13.

The packets of diamorphine found in the bedroom of the Unit were out in the
open – the packets marked D1A to D5A were found on one of the beds in the
bedroom, whereas the packets marked E1B1 and E1E were found in the wardrobe
located in the bedroom of the Unit. The Unit was a small one and the accused
persons lived in close proximity to one another. I find it difficult to
believe that Jumadi would not have known about these packets of diamorphine.

210 In support of his claim that the drugs found in the bedroom of the Unit
belonged to Salzawiyah, Jumadi raises several arguments, which I shall address
in turn. Firstly, Jumadi submits that, during the recording of the Second
Contemporaneous Statement, it was SSSgt Fardlie who had told Jumadi what the
CNB officers found in the bedroom of the Unit, prior to which Jumadi did not
know that there were drugs in the bedroom. On this basis, Jumadi’s reply in
his Second Contemporaneous Statement cannot be relied on to show his knowledge
of the drugs in the bedroom prior to his arrest. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

3DCS, at paras 45–46.

It should be clarified that, although SSSgt Fardlie wrote down the question,
“Just now we search the bedroom. We have recovered heroin, ice, Erimin-5,
ganja”, he subsequently cancelled this question and wrote down a new question,
“Just now when we searched the room, did you see what was found?”. After
writing down the new question, he asked only the new question. 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

NEs, 18 August 2020, at p 50, lines 5–23.

Thus, it is incorrect to say that SSSgt Fardlie had informed Jumadi of the
drugs which had been found in the bedroom. That being said, Jumadi’s knowledge
of the nature of the drugs could have been due to the fact that he had
witnessed the CNB’s search of the bedroom. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

NEs, 18 August 2020, at p 50, line 30 to p 41, line 2.

Hence, his acknowledgement of the drugs that had been found in the bedroom
does not, in itself, show that he knew of the said drugs before his arrest.
However, that does not diminish the significance of his subsequent admission
that the drugs in the bedroom belonged to him. It is that portion of the
Second Contemporaneous Statement regarding ownership which the Prosecution is
relying on. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 63, lines 21–31.

211 Secondly, Jumadi also relies on the fact that, in his First
Contemporaneous Statement, when asked “Roughly how much is everything?”, he
had replied, “About 6 stones”. Jumadi submits that his reference to six batu
shows that he knew only of the five batu in the red bag and the one batu in
the camouflage bag. He did not include the diamorphine in the bedroom as he
did not know about it. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

3DCS, at para 44.

I do not find this persuasive. It is notable that the question posed to Jumadi
was roughly how much drugs he had to surrender. Similarly, his answer was also
phrased in terms of approximation. Furthermore, as SSSgt Fardlie testified,
the First Contemporaneous Statement was taken as a “very fast … quick,
statement”. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

NEs, 16 July 2020, at p 29, line 29.

In light of Jumadi’s subsequent statements in the Second Contemporaneous
Statement and his Fourth Long Statement that he knew of the diamorphine in the
bedroom and that it belonged to him, the logical conclusion is that those
statements are accurate and his reply in his First Contemporaneous Statement
was intended only to be an estimation.

212 Thirdly, Jumadi points to the fact that the sachet marked E1B1 was packed
in a different type of plastic bag from the ones he typically used, which were
those contained in a green pouch (marked A2G). 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Exhibit P62.

Further, D1A was found in a wrapping paper (marked D1), which Jumadi also
claimed he did not use to pack drugs. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 41, line 28 to p 42, line 8. 3DCS, at para 55.

I do not attribute much weight to these details in his explanation. Out of all
the sachets of diamorphine found in the bedroom, this explanation relates only
to E1B1 and D1A. In respect of D1A, I note that, although it was contained in
wrapping paper, the individual sachets resembled closely the small transparent
sachets which Jumadi admitted he used to repack diamorphine. 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 39, lines 11–19; Exhibits P62 and P82.

In respect of E1B1, his explanation in court is contrary to his
acknowledgement in his Fourth Long Statement that Salzawiyah had possibly
helped him “to pack [the diamorphine] into the ‘love’ design packet”. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Exhibit P233.

If Salzawiyah had been the one to pack E1B1, then this would not be
inconsistent with Salzawiyah’s testimony in court that she had never seen
Jumadi use any other wrappers and plastic bags aside from those contained in
the green pouch. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 27, lines 15–17; DCS, at para 56; PCS, at para 104.

Thus, I place little weight on the fact that the packets of diamorphine marked
D1A and E1B1 were packed slightly differently from the other packets of
diamorphine.

213 Fourthly, Jumadi contends that there are contemporaneous messages showing
that Salzawiyah had her own customers who were looking to buy drugs from her,
and that this was affirmed by Salzawiyah’s testimony in court. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

3DCS, at paras 48–50.

I do not find that the evidence supports such a conclusion. I turn first to
the messages contained in Salzawiyah’s mobile phone, which relate to two
persons named “Rasyid” and “Jingjong”. It is not apparent from these messages
that Salzawiyah was running her own drug business. Instead, it appears that
she was making deals as an extension of Jumadi’s drug trafficking operation.
307

##### Foot Note 307

×

PCS, at para 110.

Salzawiyah explained that Jingjong had only contacted her because he was
unable to contact Jumadi. This is supported by a message from Jingjong to
Salzawiyah, informing her that, “I called your boyfriend but he did not
respond”. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 45, lines 11–24; 1 AB 165.

Salzawiyah further testified that Jumadi knew about Jingjong purchasing
diamorphine from Salzawiyah. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 47, lines 11–20.

When asked if she had her own customers, Salzawiyah replied in the negative,
explaining as follows: 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 34 lines 1–29; p 47, line 21 to p 48, line 9; PCS,
at para 110.

Q: Who would you deliver drugs to?

A: My friend.

Q: Would your friends pay you for those drugs?

A: Yes.

Q: You never told Jumadi about these friends, correct?

A: Most of them Jumadi knew.

Q: Yes. But some of them Jumadi didn’t know about, correct?

A: I don’t think so. He … knows everyone.

Q: So you’re saying that Jumadi knows all your friends that you have delivered
drugs to and collected payment from?

A: I seldom deliver. Normally, they will look for Jumadi. If they cannot get
through Jumadi then they will call me.

…

Q: Okay. So for the people that you have delivered – the friends that you have
delivered drugs to, they would contact you directly, correct?

A: Yes. Yes, if they cannot go through Jumadi.

Q: You would not tell Jumadi that these people have contacted you, correct?

A: Usually, he knew.

Q: No, you did not tell Jumadi about these friends that had contacted you for
the drugs, correct?

A: No, Jumadi knew everything.

…

Q: Now, I put it to you that you actually have your own suppliers of heroin.
Do you agree?

Court: Other than?

Q: Aside from Jumadi.

A: I disagree.

Q: I put it to you that the heroin that you had received from these suppliers
are for you to sell to your own customers like Jingjong. Agree, disagree?

A: I disagree.

…

Q: Now … I put it to you that you never told Jumadi that you had your own
customers to sell heroin to, agree or disagree?

A: I disagree.

Q: I put it to you that Jumadi does not know that you have in fact been
selling heroin to your own customers like Jingjong, agree, disagree?

A: I disagree.

Q: And I put it to you that you never told Jumadi that you in fact stored
heroin in the house meant for your own customers, agree, disagree?

A: I disagree.

214 Thus, it appears that Salzawiyah had her own friends who would
occasionally contact her to purchase diamorphine. Jumadi knew about these
orders and she would obtain the diamorphine from Jumadi to sell to these
friends. Although Salzawiyah acknowledged in her testimony in court that
Rasyid was her “own customer” rather than “Jumadi’s customer”, this must be
understood in light of their extensive drug trafficking operation. Thus,
Jumadi and Salzawiyah may not know each other’s customers. What is important
is to sell the drug rather than to know the identity of the customers.
Furthermore, it may be possible that Salzawiyah did not tell Jumadi about
Rasyid because she had only recently obtained Rasyid’s contact and she alleged
that she had been quarrelling with Jumadi at the time. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 37, line 26 to p 38, line 7; p 38, lines 12–14.

Therefore, the totality of the evidence does not support the conclusion that
Jumadi did not know about the packets of diamorphine in the bedroom. Instead,
he was aware that she would occasionally sell diamorphine to her friends or
contacts and he supplied her the diamorphine for that purpose. I should add
that, for reasons I shall elaborate on below, I reject Salzawiyah’s claim that
she had extricated herself from Jumadi’s drug trafficking operation a few days
before 22 June 2017. Instead, I find that she continued to be part of the drug
trafficking operation, albeit to a lesser extent (see [277] below). In light
of this finding, it is even more improbable that Salzawiyah would have her own
customers to whom she sold diamorphine.

215 Finally, contrary to Jumadi’s submission, 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

3DCS, at para 37.

I do not consider it significant that Jumadi’s DNA was not found on the
packets of diamorphine found in the bedroom other than exhibits D1 and D5. As
Dr Pook Sim Hwee (“Dr Pook”) explained, the fact that a person’s DNA is not
found on an exhibit does not necessarily mean that the person did not come
into contact with the exhibit. There are several possible reasons for this.
For instance, the amount of DNA deposited might have been insufficient for it
to be detected, or the DNA could have been degraded. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, at p 46, lines 4–15.

Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Gopu Jaya Raman v Public Prosecutor [2018] 1
SLR 499 at [82] recognised that “the absence of a DNA trace does not prove
that the [accused] did not in fact touch the relevant materials because there
might be other possible explanations for this”. Furthermore, Jumadi’s DNA was
found on the interior of the wrapping paper containing the packet of
diamorphine marked D1A, as well as the interior of the dark-coloured plastic
packet containing the packet of diamorphine marked D5A. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

1 AB 761 and 765.

This suggests that there may have been some degree of contact by Jumadi.
Jumadi has provided several possible reasons for such contact, including that
he had bought the wrapping paper for Salzawiyah and that the dark-coloured
plastic packet came from ones which Jumadi used to pack drugs. 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

3DCS, at paras 39–40.

In my view, the presence of Jumadi’s DNA indicates that he had come into
contact with these packets of diamorphine, and consequently had knowledge of
them. In any case, the other evidence set out above, in particular, Jumadi’s
own account in his Fourth Long Statement, is sufficient to prove the
Prosecution’s case beyond a reasonable doubt.

216 For these reasons, I also reject Jumadi’s Ownership Defence. Instead, I
find that Jumadi knew of the packets of diamorphine found in the bedroom of
the Unit and they were in his possession. Jumadi, in his Statements, said
these packets of diamorphine originated from the two batu of diamorphine which
he received from Vishu on 17 June 2017 and were intended for sale.

217 Thus, the elements of Jumadi’s drug trafficking charge – possession of the
drugs, knowledge of the nature of the drugs, and intention to traffic in the
drugs – are also all satisfied in relation to the packets of diamorphine
marked D1A, D2A, D3A, D4A, D5A, E1B1 and E1E found in the bedroom.

Conclusion on Jumadi’s amended charge

218 For the above reasons, I am of the view that Jumadi has not raised a
reasonable doubt in the Prosecution’s case. In fact I find that the elements
of the trafficking charge against Jumadi have been proven beyond a reasonable
doubt. Jumadi had actual possession and had actual knowledge of the nature of
the Drugs. Given the amount of Drugs that he had in his possession, the
presumption of trafficking under s 17(c) of the MDA applies and Jumadi has not
successfully rebutted the presumption. Even without relying on the presumption
in s 17(c), I find that the Prosecution has proven beyond a reasonable doubt
that Jumadi actually intended to traffic in the Drugs, in furtherance of the
common intention of the accused persons, which I shall elaborate on below.

The amended charge against Shisham

219 Shisham’s defence against the Prosecution’s case is that of a bare denial
entirely – all three elements of possession, knowledge of the nature of the
drugs and intention to traffic are in dispute. The critical factual issue is
the extent of Shisham’s involvement in the drug trafficking operation –
whether he knew and participated in the drug trafficking operation or was
simply a drug addict who consumed drugs at the Unit as he alleged.

220 I shall first deal with a preliminary issue raised by the Prosecution that
Shisham’s counsel had “no evidential basis” to put to Jumadi certain questions
pertaining to the calls exchanged between Vishu’s and Shisham’s mobile phone
numbers, and Shisham’s knowledge of what was communicated between Jumadi and
Vishu. This was because Shisham did not give evidence in his defence as he had
chosen to remain silent and there was nothing in Shisham’s statements that
related to what transpired during the calls. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

PCS, at para 164.

With due respect, I do not agree with the Prosecution. It appears that, when
the Prosecution refers to “evidential basis”, it is referring to there being
some evidence to support the case that is being put to the witness. However,
taking the Prosecution’s argument to its logical conclusion, an accused person
who does not give any statements and declines to give evidence in court will
not be able to put any part of his or her case to the relevant witnesses. That
cannot be the case. This is especially when it comes to the cross-examination
of the Prosecution’s witnesses – at the time of cross-examination, the defence
would not have opened its case and no evidence would have been adduced by the
defence. Thus, an accused person (or his counsel) must be permitted to put the
accused’s case to the relevant witnesses even when he decides to remain silent
subsequently after he is called to enter his defence. However, the court must
be mindful that the case that is being put to the witness is one in relation
to which the accused person had chosen to remain silent. In examining the case
put forth by the accused person, the court must exercise caution and evaluate
the accused person’s case in light of all the circumstances, including the
extent to which the evidence supports the accused person’s case, and the fact
that the accused had chosen to remain silent.

221 Bearing the above in mind, I find that Shisham knew and participated in
the drug trafficking operation along with Jumadi and Salzawiyah, as compared
to merely being a passive consumer of drugs in the Unit. This includes
Shisham’s participation in the events of 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017. In
coming to this conclusion, I take into consideration the fact that both Jumadi
and Salzawiyah, in their statements as well as their testimonies in court,
affirmed that Shisham was involved in the drug trafficking operation. This was
both in general as well as in relation to the collection of the five batu of
diamorphine on 22 June 2017. Jumadi’s and Salzawiyah’s accounts are also
supported by the objective evidence, in particular, the messages contained in
Shisham’s mobile phone. I shall address these points in turn.

Jumadi’s evidence

222 The Prosecution relies on several of Jumadi’s Statements to support its
case against Shisham. In response, Shisham submits that Jumadi’s Statements
must be treated with caution, relying on illustration (b) to s 116 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”). 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

2DCS, at paras 30–31.

Illustration (b) states that the “court may presume … that an accomplice is
unworthy of credit and his evidence needs to be treated with caution”.

223 Guidance regarding the application of the presumption in illustration (b)
was provided by the Court of Appeal in Kelvin Chai ([83] supra) at [61], as
follows:

… Lastly, illus (b) to s 116 of the Evidence Act provides that the court may
presume that an accomplice is unworthy of credit and that his evidence needs
to be treated with caution, not that it must. The presumption is not mandatory
but permissive or discretionary and depends on all the circumstances … Whether
or not the court should believe the evidence of the accomplice would depend on
all the circumstances of the case and the evidence must be tested against the
objective facts as well as the inherent probabilities and improbabilities; but
where the court did not discern any attempt by the accomplice materially to
minimise his own involvement or exaggerate that of the accused and his
evidence was found to be consistent as a whole and reliable on a review of the
whole evidence, there was no reason why the evidence should be treated as
unreliable. …

224 From the above, it is clear that the presumption in illustration (b) is a
discretionary one. Furthermore, whether it is appropriate to apply the
presumption in illustration (b) is an extremely fact-specific inquiry. The
court should consider the internal consistency of the accomplice’s evidence,
the consistency of the accomplice’s evidence with the other evidence before
the court and whether the accomplice in his evidence was attempting to
minimise his involvement or exaggerate that of the accused person.

225 There is wisdom in this presumption and the court has to exercise caution
in considering the evidence of Jumadi and Salzawiyah, even when their evidence
is reliable. As far as Shisham’s involvement in the drug trafficking operation
is concerned, Jumadi’s evidence (both in his Statements and his testimony in
court) is generally consistent and reliable, and he had no reason to implicate
Shisham for no reason. Furthermore, Jumadi’s evidence against Shisham is
corroborated by Salzawiyah’s evidence and the objective contemporaneous
evidence. I shall explain the evidence in turn.

226 First, it is clear that, from the outset, Jumadi identified Shisham as the
person who provided the contact to the supplier of the drugs, including
diamorphine. Not only that, he also detailed the extensive nature of Shisham’s
involvement in the drug trafficking operation. This was consistently
maintained throughout his Statements, as follows. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

PCS, at paras 169–170.

(a) In Jumadi’s Second Contemporaneous Statement, when asked whether he knew
who Shisham was, Jumadi identified Shisham as “the one who gave the contact to
order the stuff from Malaysia”. 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Exhibit P218T.

Similarly, in the MDP Notice, Jumadi stated that “Sham gave the contact”,
“Sham” referring to Shisham. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

Exhibit P459T; NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 30, lines 23–24.

(b) In Jumadi’s Second Long Statement, he stated that after his initial
suppliers were arrested in May 2017, he had asked one of his customers, “Ah
Gu”, whether he knew anyone who sold diamorphine. Ah Gu then introduced him to
Shisham. He explained in detail his first meeting with Shisham, in which
Shisham had given him 530g of diamorphine in exchange for $3,600. In their
second meeting, Shisham had told him that “if [Jumadi] want to order heroin
every day … it [was] possible as long as [Jumadi had] the money” and that
Jumadi “would need to go through [Shisham]” if Jumadi wanted to order
diamorphine. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

Exhibit P231, at paras 15, 17 and 18.

(c) In Jumadi’s Third Long Statement, he explained that he “intend[ed] to make
[Shisham his] partner in this drug business”, which meant that they would pool
their money to purchase diamorphine and divide the proceeds of the sales
equally. When Jumadi proposed this to Shisham, Shisham agreed and gave him
$2,000. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

Exhibit P232, at paras 21 and 30.

(d) Jumadi’s Third Long Statement and his Fourth Long Statement showed that,
initially, Shisham would be the one to talk to the supplier over the phone,
with the phone sometimes placed on loudspeaker mode. Subsequently, both
Shisham and Jumadi would converse directly with Vishu using Shisham’s phone,
which was still placed on loudspeaker mode. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

Exhibit P232, at paras 21, 33, 26–28, 33, 37.

Moreover, Shisham was involved in the collection, packing and distribution of
the diamorphine. He also contributed money for the purpose of purchasing more
diamorphine and received part of the proceeds of the sale of diamorphine. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

Exhibit P232, at paras 27–29, 31, 32, 34–36 and 39; Exhibit P233, paras 44–51.

In Jumadi’s words: 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

Exhibit P233, at para 68.

… Even though Sham pooled money to buy drugs together, I am the one who take
out the most money and so I have control over the drugs. Even when Sham wants
drugs to deliver to his customers, he will need to ask me first before I give
it to him. And he will pass me the money from the sales. At the end of each
day, I will totalled [sic] the sale amount and split the profit equally.
However Sham is the one that I need to go through everytime [sic] I want to
order drugs.

(e) In Jumadi’s Fourth Long Statement, he also stated that Shisham had helped
him to order two batu of diamorphine on 16 June 2017, which they received on
17 June 2017. Shisham had also accompanied him to collect the two batu. The
packets of diamorphine (marked A1E1, A1F1, D1A, D2A, D3A, D4A and D5A)
originated from this two batu ordered and collected by himself and Shisham.
326

##### Foot Note 326

×

Exhibit P233, at paras 48, 49 and 51.

(f) In relation to the events of 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017 in particular,
Jumadi explained in his Fourth Long Statement that Shisham had called Vishu,
and both of them had talked to Vishu while the phone was on loudspeaker mode.
Shisham called and received further calls from Vishu relating to the
collection of the five batu of diamorphine. Shisham also accompanied Jumadi to
Changi South Lane, at which Shisham called the supplier to inform him that
they had arrived and placed the red bag containing the five batu in his sling
bag. 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

Exhibit P233, at paras 53–55.

(g) In Jumadi’s Sixth Long Statement, which was recorded about four months
after the accused persons’ arrests, Jumadi again affirmed that Shisham was his
“business partner” who “manage[d] the supplies of drugs” and “has good contact
for buying drugs in bulk”. Jumadi reiterated that he would share the proceeds
of sale of the diamorphine equally. He also explained that, just prior to
their arrest, Shisham and himself “just collected 5 ‘batu’ of heroin”. 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

Exhibit P452, at para 2.

227 It is evident from the above that Shisham played a significant role in the
drug trafficking operation. He not only provided the contact to the drug
supplier, he also assisted Jumadi in the collection, repacking and delivery of
the diamorphine. Furthermore, he contributed to and benefitted financially
from the sale of the diamorphine. He was also involved in the ordering and
collection of the five Bundles on 21 June and 22 June 2017. Although Shisham
sought to characterise Jumadi’s first few statements as being “initially
exculpatory of Shisham”, and that Jumadi had “changed his story to incriminate
Shisham” only in some of his long statements, 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

2DCS, at paras 32–33; NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 89, lines 5–8.

this is strictly speaking inaccurate. Jumadi’s admissions that all the drugs
in the Unit belonged to him are not equivalent to exculpating Shisham. To the
contrary, even from Jumadi’s Second Contemporaneous Statement, he had
identified Shisham as the one who provided him the contact to the drug
supplier. Additional information regarding Shisham provided by Jumadi in his
long statements should be seen as supplementing his earlier Statements, rather
than contradicting them. The only potentially exculpatory portion of Jumadi’s
earlier Statements is his statement in his Cautioned Statement that Shisham
“does not know that [he] sell[s] big amount of drugs”. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Exhibit P229.

However, I place little weight on this, for the reasons set out below at
[233].

228 This account of Shisham’s involvement in the drug trafficking operation
was maintained by Jumadi in his testimony in court. Despite the fact that he
had sought to renege on certain parts of his Statements, his evidence
regarding Shisham remained generally unchanged. For example:

(a) Jumadi affirmed his Second Long Statement that around May 2017, his local
diamorphine supplier had been arrested. Following Jumadi’s queries, Ah Gu then
introduced Jumadi to Shisham. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 53, line 23 to p 54, line 15.

(b) Subsequently, Jumadi asked Shisham if he knew anyone from Malaysia from
whom they could obtain diamorphine. When Shisham answered in the affirmative,
Jumadi asked Shisham to order diamorphine and Shisham agreed. While Shisham
was initially the one to place the orders with the supplier via phone calls,
Jumadi eventually became the one to talk to the supplier using Shisham’s
mobile phone which was put on loudspeaker mode. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 55, line 20 to p 56, line 27.

(c) Jumadi also testified that usually, Shisham would accompany him to Changi
South Lane to collect the diamorphine. This occurred about three to four
times. He explained that Shisham was involved in the collection process –
occasionally, Shisham would physically collect the diamorphine from the
courier and check the bundles of diamorphine that were delivered. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 57, line 18 to p 58, line 10; 27 August 2020, at p
47, lines 30–31.

(d) In relation to the calls to and from Vishu’s and Shisham’s mobile phone on
22 June 2017 in which Jumadi spoke to Vishu, Jumadi affirmed that Shisham’s
mobile phone had been on loudspeaker mode. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 55, line 7 to p 56, line 27.

On 22 June 2017, Shisham also accompanied Jumadi to Changi South Lane to
collect the diamorphine that they had ordered. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 10, lines 27–31.

229 Based on the above, Jumadi’s Statements and his testimony in court are
largely consistent, as far as they concern Shisham’s involvement in the drug
trafficking operation and the events of 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

PCS, at para 153.

Even when cross-examined, Jumadi maintained his account of Shisham’s
involvement and knowledge in relation to the drug trafficking operation and
the diamorphine collected on 22 June 2017. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 72, lines 23–28; p 73, lines 26–27; p 74, lines 1–3,
14–17.

230 There are only two instances where Jumadi’s Statements contradicted his
testimony in court regarding Shisham. The first is in relation to his Eighth
Long Statement. 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

2DCS, at para 35.

In his Eighth Long Statement, Jumadi stated the following: 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

Exhibit 2D1, at para 5.

‘Sham’ is not involved in my drug trafficking activities, he is just a drug
addict. It just happens that he is with me when the CNB officers came to visit
me.

231 For context, the Eighth Long Statement was given by Jumadi to SSSgt Lim as
part of an investigation into Shisham’s claim that some moneys seized from him
had been borrowed from Jumadi (see [116] above). 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 6, line 29 to p 7, line 5.

When confronted with the Eighth Long Statement in cross-examination, Jumadi
explained that he had lied so that Shisham would be able to keep the money
seized from him. Jumadi stated as follows: 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 28, lines 10–12.

… I lied about this. If I said that Shisham is my partner or Shisham is
involved in my drug activities, he will not be getting $300.00 because this is
drug money.

232 I find that this is a reasonable explanation for the discrepancy between
the Eighth Long Statement and the rest of Jumadi’s Statements as well as his
evidence in court. Contrary to the submission of Shisham’s counsel, this
explanation was not “incredulous”. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

2DCS, at para 37.

The context in which the Eighth Long Statement had been given was
significantly different from the context of Jumadi’s previous Statements.
Whereas the previous Statements pertained generally to Jumadi’s drug
trafficking operation and Jumadi’s liability in that respect, the Eighth Long
Statement focused on the money which Shisham claimed he borrowed from Jumadi.
This would have been known to Jumadi. According to SSSgt Lim, she had asked
Jumadi whether he knew about the sum of money that had been seized from
Shisham. In these circumstances, I accept Jumadi’s explanation that he had
lied so that Shisham would be able to keep the money seized from him.

233 The second instance where Jumadi’s Statements contradict his testimony in
court regarding Shisham is in his Cautioned Statement where Jumadi stated that
Shisham did not know that he sold a “big amount of drugs”. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

Exhibit P229; 2DCS, at para 32(c).

Jumadi’s explanation was that he lied in this portion of his Cautioned
Statement because he did not want to give the CNB officers the impression that
all the barang belonged to Shisham. He further explained that this was
because, according to the Promise, he was required to admit that all the
barang belonged to him. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 48, lines 8–12.

I have already rejected Jumadi’s assertions as regards the Promise. However,
putting aside the Promise, it is possible that Jumadi, being the boss of the
drug trafficking operation, admitted that all the barang belonged to him so as
to mitigate Shisham’s role.

234 It is pertinent that, in Jumadi’s Statements and testimony in court where
he implicated Shisham, this was not in order to downplay his own role and
exaggerate Shisham’s role in the drug trafficking operation. To the contrary,
the general tenor of Jumadi’s Statements was that he was the leader of the
drug trafficking operation and Shisham usually operated under his
instructions. Jumadi’s evidence regarding Shisham’s involvement therefore
incriminated himself as well. In these circumstances, there was no reason for
Jumadi to lie as regards Shisham’s involvement in the drug trafficking
operation. I also consider it significant that, out of all of Jumadi’s eleven
Statements, only his Cautioned Statement and the Eighth Long Statement
contained these two discrepancies. Weighed against the rest of Jumadi’s
Statements relating to Shisham’s involvement, which are consistent with
Jumadi’s evidence in court, as well as the objective evidence (which I shall
elaborate on below), the two discrepancies in Jumadi’s Eighth Long Statement
and the Cautioned Statement are not sufficient to undermine the overall
reliability of Jumadi’s evidence regarding Shisham’s involvement in the drug
trafficking operation. Thus, I do not place much weight on Jumadi’s assertion
in his Eighth Long Statement that Shisham was merely a drug addict and not
involved in the drug trafficking operation, or the claim in Jumadi’s Cautioned
Statement that Shisham did not know that he was dealing in large quantities of
drugs.

235 In this regard, the facts of the present case can be distinguished from
the facts in Mohammad Azli ([132] supra), a case relied upon by Shisham’s
counsel. 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

2DCS, at para 39.

In that case, the Court of Appeal found that the statements given by a co-
accused, Roszaidi, could not be used to establish that the other co-accused,
Azli, knew about the nature of the drugs. This was because Roszaidi’s evidence
had “taken two abrupt and inexplicable turns: from absolving Azli of liability
to implicating him, and back to absolving him again” (see Mohammad Azli at
[105]). However, the decision in Mohammad Azli can be distinguished from the
present case on at least two bases. First, the Court of Appeal had observed
that it was “unclear why Roszaidi would have [absolved Azli of criminal
liability] if it were not true” and that the discrepancies in Roszaidi’s
evidence were “inexplicable” (see Mohammad Azli at [103] and [105]). This is
not the case here. As explained above, I accept the explanations given by
Jumadi in relation to the two discrepancies in Jumadi’s Cautioned Statement
and Eighth Long Statement. Second, the Court of Appeal also observed that
there was “scant evidence” to support Roszaidi’s account regarding Azli’s
involvement in drug trafficking (see Mohamad Azli at [104]). This is also not
the case here. As I shall elaborate below, Jumadi’s account of Shisham’s
involvement in the drug trafficking operation is supported not only by
Salzawiyah’s evidence, but also by objective contemporaneous evidence.

236 Shisham also submits that there is a further contradiction within Jumadi’s
Fourth Long Statement – while Jumadi stated therein that Shisham had placed
the red bag into his sling bag, no sling bag belonging to Shisham was
recovered from the Unit by the CNB. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

2DCS, at para 52.

It is correct that no sling bag was seized by the CNB during the raid on the
Unit on 22 June 2017. However, this does not necessarily mean that no sling
bag existed in the Unit at the relevant time. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 42, lines 10–13.

It is notable that the first time any sling bag was mentioned was in Jumadi’s
Fourth Long Statement on 4 July 2017. As such, at the time the raid was
conducted, the CNB officers could not have known the potential relevance of
the sling bag to the charges. This explains why no sling bag was seized from
the Unit. In these circumstances, the fact that the sling bag does not form
part of the evidence adduced in court does not necessarily mean that there was
no sling bag in the Unit. Accordingly, there is no contradiction within
Jumadi’s Fourth Long Statement.

237 For these reasons, despite my misgivings in respect of Jumadi’s testimony
in court regarding the Ownership Defence and the Mistake Defence, I find that
Jumadi’s evidence in relation to Shisham is reliable. Unlike his evidence
relating to the Ownership Defence and the Mistake Defence, his evidence
regarding Shisham’s involvement is consistent as between his Statements and
his testimony in court. Further, his evidence regarding Shisham’s involvement
would not affect his own personal criminal liability. There is also no reason
or motive for Jumadi to falsely incriminate or implicate Shisham. Therefore,
he had no ostensible reason to lie in this respect. As I shall elaborate
below, Jumadi’s evidence was also supported by Salzawiyah’s evidence, as well
the contemporaneous objective evidence.

Salzawiyah’s evidence

238 I turn now to Salzawiyah’s evidence, which corroborates Jumadi’s evidence.
In her statements, she alluded to Shisham’s involvement in the drug
trafficking operation in terms of his role in liaising with the drug supplier,
collecting the drugs with Jumadi and helping to repack the drugs collected.
348

##### Foot Note 348

×

PCS, at para 171.

She also referred to Shisham selling diamorphine to his own clients. This is
evident from the following:

(a) In Salzawiyah’s Second Long Statement, she stated that, after collecting
the drugs, Jumadi and Shisham usually would immediately repack the drugs into
smaller packets in the living room of the Unit. She also surmised that the
supplier of the drugs was Shisham’s “friend”, as she had, on several
occasions, heard Shisham liaising with the drug supplier over the phone. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

2 AB 987, at paras 16 and 17.

(b) In Salzawiyah’s Third Long Statement, she stated that Shisham would
“always be the one who will liaise [with] the drug supplier” to make the
necessary arrangements. Jumadi had told her that Shisham did not give him the
number of the drug supplier. She further explained that she had heard Shisham
referring to the “checkpoint” while talking on the phone. This was why she
believed that Jumadi’s and Shisham’s drug supplier was from Malaysia. Usually,
Jumadi and Shisham would collect diamorphine from Shisham’s “friend” together,
following which they would repack the diamorphine and sell the diamorphine to
their respective clients. Salzawiyah also stated that, on 17 June 2017, Jumadi
had asked for her help to pack the diamorphine because Shisham “want[ed] the
[diamorphine] fast as he want[ed] to sell the [diamorphine] to his clients”.
350

##### Foot Note 350

×

2 AB 989–991.

(c) In Salzawiyah’s Fourth Long Statement, she stated that, “ever since I knew
[Shisham], he had already been liaising with [the] drug supplier and selling
drugs”. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

2 AB 997, at para 35.

239 In relation to the events of 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017, Salzawiyah
also stated in her First Long Statement and Fifth Long Statement that she had
heard Jumadi and Shisham discussing the collection of more barang on the
morning of 22 June 2017, at around 10am. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

2 AB 983, at para 9; PCS, at para 156.

In her testimony in court, she maintained her account of Shisham’s general
involvement in the drug trafficking operation, as well as his involvement in
collecting the five batu on 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 48, lines 1–15; p 85, lines 15–18; p 85, line 32 to
p 86, line 2; p 86, lines 3–411.

240 Shisham submits that Salzawiyah did not have personal knowledge of several
issues including Jumadi’s and Shisham’s respective roles in the drug
trafficking operation, the relationship between Shisham and the drug supplier,
as well as the profit made and how it was shared. Instead, she obtained such
information from Jumadi or based on her own inferences. Shisham further
submits that Salzawiyah’s testimony in court in fact supports Shisham’s case
that he was not a partner in Jumadi’s drug trafficking operation and that he
had not been involved in the drug trafficking operation. 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

2DCS, at paras 55–58.

241 I disagree. To the contrary, I find that Salzawiyah’s evidence shows that
Shisham was not merely a passive consumer of drugs in the Unit. Rather, he had
played an active role in their drug trafficking operation. Although Salzawiyah
acknowledged that she did not know exactly how the drug trafficking operation
worked between Jumadi and Shisham, 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

2 AB 987, at para 17; 2 AB 990, at para 25; NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 82, line
22 to p 84, line 2.

her involvement in the drug trafficking operation (which I shall elaborate on
below) and her interactions with Jumadi and Shisham meant that she was aware
of enough to know that Shisham was not merely consuming drugs at the Unit. In
her oral testimony, she maintained that she had seen Shisham help Jumadi to
pack the diamorphine into smaller packets, and that on 22 June 2017 she had
heard Jumadi and Shisham discuss the collection of more barang. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 83, lines 15–18; p 85, line 32 to p 86, line 11.

She also clarified that she had heard Shisham talk about “people stuck at
checkpoints and clearing checkpoints”, which was why she suspected that the
drug supplier was Shisham’s Malaysian acquaintance. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 12, lines 2–6.

In my view, Salzawiyah did not have to know the details of Shisham’s
involvement in the drug trafficking operation in order to attest to the fact
that, in general, he had helped with liaising with suppliers, as well as
collecting and packing the drugs.

The messages on Shisham’s mobile phone and the entries in the Notebook

242 Jumadi’s and Salzawiyah’s accounts of Shisham’s involvement in the drug
trafficking operation are also supported by the contemporaneous evidence,
specifically, the messages found in Shisham’s mobile phone and entries made by
Jumadi in the Notebook used by Jumadi and Salzawiyah to record drug-related
transactions.

243 First, there are numerous messages to and from Shisham’s mobile phone
number which appear to relate to drug transactions and/or drug suppliers. For
instance, there are some messages sent from Shisham’s mobile phone to “VISHU
2549”, whom Jumadi confirmed was Vishu. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 61, lines 17–20.

One outgoing message was sent on 21 May 2017 and it reads, “Bro sham here can
call me” [emphasis in original]. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

PSB, at p 153.

This explicitly identifies Shisham as the one who authored and sent the
message. These mobile phone messages show that Shisham was not simply a
passive consumer of drugs. Instead, he personally communicated with Vishu.
This supports Jumadi’s account that Shisham provided him the contact to Vishu
and Shisham liaised with Vishu regarding the purchase of diamorphine.

244 There are also calls and incoming messages to Shisham’s mobile phone from
a person called “Black”, which appear to relate to drug transactions.
Shisham’s mobile phone received several calls from a number labelled “V789” at
4.12pm on 13 June 2017, as well as at 4.45pm and 8.53pm on 14 June 2017. Only
the call at 4.45pm on 14 June 2017 was picked up. The rest were missed calls.
On 16 June 2017 at 11.25pm, Shisham’s mobile phone received a message from the
same number, as follows: 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

PSB, at p 158.

Brother Im black here. I want to tell brother that we can do business
together. Panas price I can nego which is … 2700 per pound. So if brother want
to take from us brother is always welcome [emphasis in original]

245 The word “panas” literally translated means “hot” in the Malay language.
However, it is also a street name or lingo for diamorphine in the illegal drug
business. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

Exhibit C.

It is apparent from the above message that Black was offering to sell
diamorphine to Shisham, and this same Black had contacted Shisham on 14 June
2017. This supports Jumadi’s account in his Fourth Long Statement that on 14
June 2017, Shisham informed him that Vishu had asked someone named Black to
call Shisham in relation to Jumadi’s and Shisham’s order for 1kg of cannabis.
362

##### Foot Note 362

×

Exhibit P233, at para 41.

This also shows that Shisham was liaising with the relevant drug suppliers and
was not simply a consumer of drugs at the Unit. In fact, in Shisham’s First
Long Statement, he admitted giving Jumadi the contact details of Black, the
Malaysian Indian drug supplier. 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

2 AB 1205, at para 7.

246 There are also numerous messages between Jumadi and Shisham which support
Jumadi’s account of Shisham’s involvement in liaising with Vishu and
delivering drugs. In relation to liaising with Vishu, I give two examples. On
14 June 2017, at 1.20am, Shisham sent a message to Jumadi stating, “I haven’t
communicate with aneh yet BOSS I will give BOSS RESULT in a while K” [emphasis
in original]. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

Exhibit G, at p 11.

Similarly, on 18 June 2017, at 7.12pm, Shisham sent Jumadi a message stating,
“Bro ahne call ask about tomorrow want to order or not?” 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

Exhibit G, at p 22.

These references to “aneh” appear to mean Vishu, which shows that Shisham had
himself been communicating with Vishu. His role was not confined to simply
giving Jumadi Vishu’s contact.

247 In relation to the delivery of drugs, I set out an example of an exchange
between Jumadi and Shisham on 11 June 2017, as follows: 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Exhibit G, at pp 4–5.

Time| Sender| Recipient| Message (translated)  
---|---|---|---  
5.33pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Bro where are you at.. I have order  
5.36pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Oohh ok.. You still at amk?  
5.36pm| Shisham| Jumadi| Ok order at where? Yes ang kio  
5.39pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Maybe amk.. Later I’ll double confirm… Kak pau’s one
yesterday didn’t sent right  
5.50pm| Shisham| Jumadi| Didn’t delever! And to day I called he/she already
took from other place!  
5.51pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Okok.. Never mind.. The amk one later I’ll confirm  
5.59pm| Jumadi| Shisham| By 7pm he/she call me.. The amk one  
6.27pm| Shisham| Jumadi| Is there anything or not BRO IF not I will go out of
ANG MO KIO!  
6.28pm| Jumadi| Shisham| 7pm then he/she comfirm want half or 1 set bro  
6.32pm| Shisham| Jumadi| Ok no prolem I jst get a set only t5 in house use,
coz I”ll already place an order.  
6.33pm| Jumadi| Shisham| U mean there is 1 set only  
  
In the above exchange, Jumadi and Shisham referred to “half or 1 set”. These
were terms used by Jumadi when describing the quantities of diamorphine he
purchased. Specifically, a half set contained about 37.5g to 40g of
diamorphine, divided into five packets (see [28] above). 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 43, line 32 to p 44, line 5.

Thus, it is clear from this exchange that Jumadi and Shisham were discussing
the delivery of diamorphine by Shisham in the Ang Mo Kio area of Singapore.

248 I set out another example of another exchange between Jumadi and Shisham
on 12 June 2017, as follows: 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

Exhibit G, at pp 7–8.

Date| Sender| Recipient| Message (translated)  
---|---|---|---  
5.53pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Bro later got blk 7 hougang  
5.55pm| Shisham| Jumadi| Roger BOSS  
5.55pm| Shisham| Jumadi| How many/much???  
5.56pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Go 691 first bro  
6pm| Jumadi| Shisham| This take $350 at 691  
6.01pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Than Hougang ave 7.. Give half […] and half beg $400
herwanto  
7.06pm| Jumadi| Shisham| Bro where are you bro.. It’s always me who have to
answer to customer.. If you can’t send, can’t do.. I’ll do bro.. From 1st
customer become last.. You think this work is fooling around or what. Or did
you prioritise on smoking  
  
Again, the above exchanges show Jumadi informing Shisham about a delivery to
be made at Hougang, which Shisham acknowledged. Jumadi also appears to be
chastising Shisham in relation to the deliveries to customers.

249 In relation to the collection of the Bundles on 22 June 2017, several
calls were exchanged between Shisham’s mobile number and Vishu’s mobile number
at various times between 4pm and 7.27pm on 21 June 2017. As explained above,
these are consistent with Jumadi’s account in his Statements that he had asked
Shisham to confirm with Vishu the order for the five Bundles. 369

##### Foot Note 369

×

PCS, at para 154(b).

On 22 June 2017, at least six calls were exchanged between Shisham’s mobile
number and Vishu’s mobile number. As Jumadi testified, the phone was placed on
loudspeaker mode and Jumadi spoke to Vishu in Shisham’s presence during the
calls on 22 June 2017 (see [228(d)] above). 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

PCS, at para 154(e).

There was also a message on the evening of 21 June 2017 in which Shisham
informed Jumadi that the Bundles would be collected at “[t]en in the morning”
the next day (see [175] above).

250 The above calls and messages contradict Shisham’s case that he did not
have knowledge of the five Bundles because he was under the influence of drugs
to the extent that his mental functions were impaired and he was not paying
attention to Jumadi’s discussions with Vishu. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

2DCS, at paras 87–89.

Critically, Shisham’s contention that he was “so high … that he was not aware
of what was going on and of the [diamorphine] ordered by Jumadi” is pure
speculation and not supported by any credible evidence. To the contrary,
Jumadi’s evidence of Shisham’s involvement on 21 June and 22 June 2017, as
well as the calls and messages recovered from Shisham’s mobile phone, show
that Shisham was paying attention to the discussion between Jumadi and Vishu,
and that he had knowledge of the Bundles.

251 I turn now to the Notebook used by Jumadi and Salzawiyah to record drug-
related transactions. The entries therein support Jumadi’s evidence that the
profits of the drug trafficking operation were divided equally between himself
and Shisham. A useful example is the entry made by Jumadi on 19 June 2017. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

Exhibit 1D1 at p 45.

On the left page of the Notebook, Jumadi had written the words “SYAM - $400”
and “SYAM HP = $140”. In court, Jumadi explained that these were expenses
incurred in relation to Shisham. Below that entry, Jumadi had written “EACH =
$1265 – ADY” and “AFTER DEDUCT = 725. SYAM”. Jumadi explained that “Ady”
referred to himself, and the figure of $1,265 referred to his share of the
profits. On the other hand, the figure of $725 referred to Shisham’s share of
the profits. This amount was reached by deducting Shisham’s expenses
(amounting to $540 in total) from his share of the profits (amounting to
$1,265). 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

NEs, 23 September 2020, at p 32, line 6 to p 33, line 22.

This shows that, contrary to Shisham’s claims in his statements, he received
half of the profits of the drug trafficking operation.

252 Shisham seeks to rely on the fact that none of the entries in the
notebooks used by Jumadi and Salzawiyah to record drug-related transactions
were made by him. This was confirmed by the Prosecution’s handwriting expert,
Mr Yap Bei Sing. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

2DCS, at para 16; 1 AB 788.

However, I do not find this to be of particular significance. Shisham’s role
in the drug trafficking operation, as appears from the evidence discussed
above, was not to record drug-related transactions in the notebooks, unlike
Jumadi and Salzawiyah. Thus, it is eminently logical that none of the entries
in the notebooks were made by him. It does not raise a reasonable doubt in the
Prosecution’s case against Shisham.

253 From the above, it is evident that Shisham was not simply a passive
consumer of drugs at the Unit. Rather, he played an active role in liaising
with drug suppliers including Vishu and Black. Furthermore, he assisted in
delivering drugs, including diamorphine, to various locations in Singapore. He
also shared in the profits of the drug trafficking operation. These messages
and entries are consistent with Jumadi’s and Salzawiyah’s accounts of
Shisham’s involvement in the drug trafficking operation, as contained in their
statements and in Jumadi’s testimony in court. Given the extent of his
involvement in the drug trafficking operation, it can be further inferred that
Shisham was similarly involved in the purchase and collection of the Drugs
found in the Unit, as Jumadi and Salzawiyah testified. This includes the
Bundles which were ordered on 21 June 2017 and collected on 22 June 2017.

Shisham’s statements to the CNB

254 I shall now consider the effect of Shisham’s statements to the CNB,
weighed against the evidence I have discussed above. Shisham, in his
statements, claimed that his “only involvement” in Jumadi’s drug trafficking
operation was to introduce Black to Jumadi by giving Jumadi Black’s phone
number. He claimed that the diamorphine and methamphetamine that were found in
his jeans were given to him by Jumadi. He also said that Jumadi allowed him to
smoke drugs in the Unit for free and he was also allowed to stay in the Unit
by Jumadi. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

2 AB 1211–1213, at paras 15 and 20; 2 AB 1205, at para 7.

In relation to the events of 22 June 2017, although Shisham admitted that he
accompanied Jumadi to Changi South Lane, he sought to distance himself from
the drug collection, as follows: 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

2 AB 1205–1206, at paras 8–10.

8 … After that Jumadi told me that he is going out and that he wanted me to
follow him. I said okay. I did not ask Jumadi where we are going or why he
needed me to follow. It is not my style to ask and moreover I am staying at
his place for free, so I usually agree to whatever Jumadi ask me to.

9 … We reached Changi South about 10.30 am and I saw that Jumadi had parked
his car beside Block 1003. Inside the car, Jumadi told me that he was going to
meet an Indian man to take ‘things’. I did not ask Jumadi who the Indian man
was or what ‘things’ he was going to take. I did not ask as I understand the
‘things’ could mean either money or drugs. …

10 I then told Jumadi that I was going to the cafeteria to buy drinks. Jumadi
told me to buy the same drink as the one I am buying for myself. I alighted
from the car and walked to a cafeteria nearby to buy drinks. I bought 2
bottles of sugar cane and walked back to the car. I estimated that I spent
about 10 minutes. When I boarded the car, Jumadi told me that we can leave and
returned to the apartment. I did not ask Jumadi if he had met up with the
Indian man or if he had already collected the ‘things’. I did not think much
and when he said we can leave, I just acknowledged and we left together in the
car. I did not notice if there was any plastic bags or ‘things’ that could be
inside the car. …

255 However, Shisham could not provide a reasonable explanation as to why
Jumadi would provide drugs and lodging for free to Shisham. In Shisham’s own
words: 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

2 AB 1213, at para 21.

I don’t know why Jumadi will give me heroin and ‘ice’ for free or let me smoke
drugs for free. Even though we only knew each other for about 3 weeks, Jumadi
allowed me to stay at his apartment for free and let me smoke drugs for free.
I can’t explain why Jumadi is so good to me.

256 Shisham also omitted to mention this defence in his Cautioned Statement,
which was recorded on 23 June 2017. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

PCS, at para 167.

This was one day after the accused persons’ arrests on 22 June 2017. As such,
the events of 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017 should still have been fresh in
Shisham’s mind. Having been read the charge against him and the notice
pursuant to s 23(1) of the CPC, one would expect Shisham to mention his
defence as set out in his subsequent long statements since he was warned that:
“If you keep quiet now about any fact or matter in your defence and you reveal
this fact or matter in your defence only at your trial, the judge may be less
likely to believe you. This may have a bad effect on your case in court”.
However, Shisham merely said that he had “nothing to say”. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

2 AB 1201–1202.

This further diminishes the credibility of the subsequent assertions in his
long statements and suggests that those were merely afterthoughts.

257 In light of this, I place little weight on the exculpatory portions of
Shisham’s statements in so far as he sought to disclaim any involvement in the
drug trafficking operation. Jumadi’s and Salzawiyah’s evidence that he was
also involved and participated in Jumadi’s drug trafficking activities is more
reliable, especially given that their accounts are supported by objective
contemporaneous evidence. This explains why Shisham was allowed by Jumadi to
stay at the Unit and consume the drugs for free.

Shisham’s alleged lack of financial means

258 Shisham also submits that he could not have been Jumadi’s “partner” in the
drug trafficking operation because he did not have the means to do so. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

2DCS, at paras 40–41.

However, this is a bare assertion that is not borne out by any evidence. Apart
from the fact that $221.80 was seized from him on the day of his arrest,
Shisham did not produce any evidence of his financial situation or testify
regarding the same. The fact that only $221.80 was seized from Shisham does
not necessarily mean that he was not a partner in this drug trafficking
operation. This is only reflective of the amount of money he had on his person
at the relevant time. It does not go very far in showing the amount of money
he had and the state of his finances.

259 To the contrary, the evidence that I have highlighted above shows that
Shisham not only contributed financially to the drug trafficking operation, he
also benefitted financially from it. In particular, Jumadi explained in his
Third Long Statement and his Sixth Long Statement that Shisham had contributed
to the pool of money used to purchase diamorphine and that Shisham had also
received part of the proceeds of sale of the diamorphine (see [226(c)] and
[226(g)] above). This is supported by an entry in the Notebook recording
Shisham having received his share of the profits of the drug sales after
making deductions for certain expenses (see [251] above). I have already
explained above the reasons why I find Jumadi’s statements in relation to
Shisham reliable. I should add that Shisham has sought in his submissions to
offer an alternative explanation for the entries in the Notebook, in
particular, that the “expenses” recorded in relation to him could have been
for the diamorphine and methamphetamine that he consumed. 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

2DCS, at para 43.

First, this explanation is inconsistent with my finding that Shisham received
half of the profits of the drug trafficking operation after making deductions
for his expenses. Second, and more importantly, there is no evidence at all to
support this alternative explanation. Shisham’s counsel did not cross-examine
Jumadi or Salzawiyah about this alternative explanation. Hence, it is again
pure speculation and I place little weight on it.

260 In any case, I emphasise that the critical question is not the state of
Shisham’s finances or whether Shisham was Jumadi’s “partner” in the drug
trafficking operation – the critical question for the purpose of the amended
charge against him is the level of his involvement in the drug trafficking
operation. In this regard, the evidence above (including evidence from
Salzawiyah and Jumadi and, more importantly, the objective evidence) shows
that he was heavily involved in the drug trafficking operation. Regardless of
whether he contributed and benefitted financially from the drug trafficking
operation, Shisham was involved in liaising with the drug suppliers and making
deliveries of the drugs. For these reasons, I am not persuaded by Shisham’s
arguments in this regard.

Absence of Shisham’s DNA

261 I now turn to the fact that Shisham’s DNA was not recovered from any of
the exhibits seized by the CNB and sent for HSA analysis, including the red
bag, the Drugs and the weighing scales. Shisham relies on this to submit that
he was not involved in the drug trafficking operation and that, contrary to
Jumadi’s Statements, he had not helped to pack some of the Drugs. 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

2DCS, at paras 21 and 46–51.

262 However, as I observed above at [215], the fact that a person’s DNA is not
found on an object does not necessarily mean that the person did not come into
contact with that object. Given the importance of this issue, at the request
of Shisham’s counsel, Dr Pook was recalled as a witness midway through the
parties’ closing submissions to testify regarding the absence of Shisham’s DNA
on the exhibits seized from the Unit. However, Dr Pook unequivocally testified
that the absence of a person’s DNA on an object is not conclusive in showing
that the person did not come into contact with that object. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

NEs, 12 November 2020, at p 11, lines 8–15.

Although Dr Pook agreed with Shisham’s counsel that certain factors (eg, the
duration of contact, the frequency of contact, the amount of force applied,
and the material of the object) may increase or decrease the likelihood of DNA
being left on the object and subsequently being recovered and interpreted, she
emphasised that this was a “multi-factorial” approach 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

NEs, 12 November 2020, at p 5, line 29.

and she could not say for sure whether Shisham had or had not touched the
relevant objects. According to Dr Pook, it was possible for a person to touch
various items frequently and over a prolonged period of time, yet leave no
interpretable DNA on the items. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

NEs, 12 November 2020, at p 11, lines 1–4.

263 Therefore, I do not find that the absence of Shisham’s DNA raises a
reasonable doubt in the Prosecution’s case. As the Court of Appeal observed in
Muhammad Nabill bin Mohd Fuad v Public Prosecutor [2020] 1 SLR 984 at [128],
the DNA evidence “has to be considered as a whole in the context of the
coherence of the case advanced by the [accused]”. Similarly, the Court of
Appeal observed in Mohammad Rizwan bin Akbar Husain v Public Prosecutor and
another appeal and other matters [2020] SGCA 45 at [96] that the accused’s
explanation for the DNA evidence “should not be considered in isolation as a
theoretical possibility. Instead, the case must be analysed as a whole in
determining whether [the accused’s explanation] could have taken place as a
matter of factual probability on the evidence adduced before the court”. While
the Court of Appeal in the latter case was examining the possibility of
secondary transference, in my view, this approach is equally applicable to the
interpretation of DNA evidence in general and the inferences sought to be
drawn from the DNA evidence. In this case, while the absence of DNA could
theoretically support an inference that Shisham did not come into contact with
the Drugs and/or the red bag, such an inference is simply not tenable given
the totality of the evidence against Shisham which I have explained above.
This includes the statements and evidence of two witnesses as well as the
objective, contemporaneous evidence.

Conclusion on Shisham’s amended charge

264 Based on the above, the evidence shows that Shisham played a much more
active role than simply being a passive consumer of drugs at the Unit. The
evidence also shows that, on 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017, Shisham had been
involved in liaising with Vishu in relation to the five Bundles. He also had
accompanied Jumadi to collect the Bundles. This is based on portions of
Jumadi’s Statements, which he maintained in his testimony in court. Jumadi’s
evidence is also corroborated by Salzawiyah’s evidence, which she maintained
consistently in her statements as well as in her testimony in court.
Importantly, Jumadi’s and Salzawiyah’s accounts of Shisham’s involvement are
supported by objective evidence – the messages contained in Shisham’s mobile
phone and the entries made in the Notebook. In these circumstances, the
observations of Lord Slynn in Murray v Director of Public Prosecutions [1994]
1 WLR 1 at 11 (cited by the Court of Appeal in Kelvin Chai ([83] supra) at
[82]) are apposite:

… [I]f aspects of the evidence taken alone or in combination with other facts
clearly call for an explanation which the accused ought to be in a position to
give, if an explanation exists, then a failure to give any explanation may as
a matter of common sense allow the drawing of an inference that there is no
explanation and that the accused is guilty.

265 Similarly, the Court of Appeal in Took Leng How v Public Prosecutor [2006]
2 SLR(R) 70 at [43] cited Prof Tan Yock Lin, Criminal Procedure vol 2
(LexisNexis, 2005) at para 3003 that:

… Where evidence which has been given calls for an explanation which the
accused alone can give, then silence on his part may lead to an inference that
none is available and that the evidence is probably true …

266 Given the weight of the evidence against Shisham, one would expect Shisham
to testify and explain the evidence adduced against him, such as his financial
situation, his mental state at the time that the Bundles were ordered, and
what had transpired at Changi South Lane. The evidence would have been known
to him and he could easily have produced evidence or testified in support of
those aspects of his defence. Similarly, he was best placed to explain the
incriminating phone messages and calls made and received from his mobile phone
number. However, Shisham did not do so. He elected not to give evidence in his
defence. This was despite the fact that the consequences of such a decision
were explained to him not once but twice: once at the close of the
Prosecution’s case and again when he indicated that he wished to change his
mind about taking the stand. Even then, he was given the opportunity to
reconsider his decision (see [53] above). As such, I find that Shisham’s
decision not to testify in the face of the abundant evidence against him is
extremely telling. It reinforces my finding that he was indeed involved in
Jumadi’s drug trafficking operation, as well as the placing of the order with
Vishu and the collection of the five Bundles on 21 June 2017 and 22 June 2017.

267 For these reasons, I find that the elements of the trafficking charge
against Shisham have been proven beyond a reasonable doubt. Although it is
true that Jumadi was the leader of the drug trafficking operation and had the
most say and control over it, Shisham was extensively and actively involved in
the drug trafficking operation – he assisted in ordering the drugs, collecting
the drugs, repacking and making deliveries of the drugs to customers. In
particular, he was involved in the ordering and collection of the five Bundles
from Vishu. Given the extent of his involvement and participation in the drug
trafficking operation, there was sufficient “dealing between the parties” in
relation to the Drugs (see Mohammed Azli ([132] supra) at [52]) such that
Shisham knew that Jumadi had the Drugs in his possession and consented to
Jumadi having such possession of the Drugs. Thus, Shisham is deemed by virtue
of s 18(4) of the MDA to have been in joint possession of the Drugs. Given
that s 18(4) is operative, the presumption in s 18(2) arises and Shisham is
presumed to have known the nature of the Drugs. Based on my analysis above,
Shisham has failed to rebut this presumption on a balance of probabilities.
Even without relying on the presumption, I find that, based on Shisham’s deep
level of involvement in the drug trafficking operation, he knew the nature of
the Drugs and intended to traffic in them. This intention to traffic in the
Drugs was in furtherance of the common intention shared amongst the accused
persons. I shall elaborate more on the element of common intention below.

The amended charge against Salzawiyah

268 The Prosecution’s case is that, by virtue of her involvement in Jumadi’s
drug trafficking operation, Salzawiyah also knew and consented to Jumadi’s
possession of the Drugs. She knew the nature of the Drugs and intended to
traffic in them. In relation to the Bundles in particular, the Prosecution
submits that Salzawiyah gave Jumadi $10,000 in cash in order to purchase the
five Bundles. By so doing, Salzawiyah knew and consented to Jumadi’s
possession of the Bundles, knew the nature of the drugs contained in the
Bundles, and intended to traffic in the Bundles.

269 In response, Salzawiyah admits liability for all of the Drugs except for
the Bundles and packets found in the red bag and the camouflage bag.
Specifically, she denies liability in respect of the packets of diamorphine
marked A1A, A1B1, A1C1, A1D1, A1E1, A1F1 and A2A1. Her defence as regards this
portion of the Drugs is three-fold. Firstly, she is not deemed to be in
possession of the Bundles by virtue of s 18(4) or s 18(1) of the MDA.
Secondly, in rebuttal of the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA, Salzawiyah
claims that she did not have knowledge of the nature of the Bundles. Thirdly,
she did not have the common intention with Jumadi and/or Shisham to traffic in
the Bundles. 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

1DCS, at para 10.

This was her position in her statements to the CNB, 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

2 AB 992–993.

which she maintained in court. According to Salzawiyah, she had extricated
herself from the drug trafficking operation around 10 June 2017. 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 75, lines 11–15.

A few days before 22 June 2017, she had also stopped helping Jumadi pack
drugs. 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 70, line 32 to p 71, line 4.

She also denies giving Jumadi $10,000 in cash for the purchase of the Bundles,
pointing to the fact that the Notebook did not contain any entry to this
effect. Thus, the three elements of possession, knowledge of the nature of the
drugs and intention to traffic are all in dispute.

Salzawiyah’s involvement in the drug trafficking operation in June 2017

270 I shall deal first with the extent of Salzawiyah’s involvement in the drug
trafficking operation in June 2017. Salzawiyah submits that she was no longer
involved in the drug trafficking operation from 10 June 2017 onwards as most
of the entries in the Notebook were made by Jumadi. 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

1DCS, at para 93.

Salzawiyah explained this as follows: 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 75, lines 11–15.

Q: Okay. So Salza, can you explain why is it in A2K onwards is mostly Jumadi’s
handwriting?

A: At that time, we were often quarrelling. I had already told him that I do
not want to be involved with this thing. That was why the notebook was kept by
him.

Q: Okay, can you explain what you mean by ‘this thing’?

A: Recording of transaction which is involved in the drug activities.

271 Salzawiyah further referred to an entry in the Notebook made by Jumadi. On
11 June 2017, Jumadi made the following entry: “Cry pecah kongsi”. In court,
Jumadi explained this entry as follows: 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

NEs, 26 August 2020, at p 51, line 24 to p 52, line 7.

I would call [Salzawiyah] by nickname ‘Cry’ if we were quarrelling. So the
sentence ‘Cry, pecah, kongsi’ means ‘Salzawiyah is no longer with me doing the
drug business.’

…

At that time, my relationship with Salzawiyah has deteriorated. We often
quarrel. So I decided to operate [my drug business] on my own without
Salzawiyah.

272 Salzawiyah also relies on portions of Jumadi’s Statements in which he
stated that Salzawiyah had “tried to discourage” him from buying so much
diamorphine, and that she had nagged him after Jumadi brought Shisham to the
Unit. According to Salzawiyah, this was consistent with her evidence that she
was afraid and wanted Jumadi to stop trafficking in drugs. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

1DCS, at paras 97–100.

273 However, I find that the evidence does not support Salzawiyah’s contention
that, by June 2017, she had completely extricated herself from the drug
trafficking operation. To the contrary, the evidence indicates that, despite
the purported deterioration in their relationship and her dissatisfaction with
the state of affairs at the time, Salzawiyah continued to be involved in the
drug trafficking operation. She continued to make entries in the Notebook
relating to drug transactions, although less so than before. 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

PCS, at para 129.

For instance, on 13 June 2017, Salzawiyah made three entries in relation to
“AH BOY – 1 SET”. 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

Exhibit 1D1, at p 39.

On 14 June 2017, she recorded another three entries referring to “METHADONE”
and “SET”. 396

##### Foot Note 396

×

Exhibit 1D1, at p 40.

Given the references to “set” and “methadone”, these entries were clearly in
relation to drugs. In her testimony in court, Salzawiyah admitted that those
entries were made by her. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 72, lines 8–10.

In Salzawiyah’s Third Long Statement, she admitted that, even on 17 June 2017,
she helped Jumadi and Shisham to repack the half batu that they had bought.
398

##### Foot Note 398

×

2 AB 989, at para 22.

This undermines Salzawiyah’s assertion that she had stopped her involvement in
Jumadi’s drug trafficking business. 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

PCS, at paras 107–108.

274 Salzawiyah’s continued involvement in Jumadi’s drug trafficking business
is affirmed by the text messages found in her mobile phone. 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

PCS, at para 109.

For example, on 11 June 2017, Salzawiyah exchanged the following messages with
Jumadi, ostensibly discussing customer complaints regarding the weight of the
drugs sold: 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

Exhibit G, p 70.

Time| Sender| Recipient| Message (translated)  
---|---|---|---  
7.48pm| Salzawiyah| Jumadi| Did anyone complain on the weight lately?  
7.50pm| Jumadi| Salzawiyah| Nope  
7.50pm| Jumadi| Salzawiyah| Y ehhh  
7.51pm| Jumadi| Salzawiyah| Is there anyone who complain?  
7.51pm| Salzawiyah| Jumadi| Yep..nvm  
7.54pm| Salzawiyah| Jumadi| Later we talk about it  
  
275 On 13 June 2017, Salzawiyah also exchanged messages with one “Eileen”, in
which they appeared to discuss the prices and quality of drugs. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

Exhibit G, pp 79–83.

On the same day, Salzawiyah also received messages from one “Lin”, who
appeared to be a runner that Salzawiyah had recruited. I shall give several
examples of the messages: 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

Exhibit G, at pp 83–84.

Time| Sender| Recipient| Message (translated)  
---|---|---|---  
8.54pm| Lin| Salzawiyah| Sis, the one that day sis offer I, the chances still
open?  
8.56pm| Lin| Salzawiyah| The one that u ask me to run  
8.58pm| Lin| Salzawiyah| Can explain me in more details how it goes? And your
terms n condition all this?  
  
276 Even on 21 June 2017, Lin and Salzawiyah continued to exchange messages
regarding timings of when Lin could meet Salzawiyah and whether Salzawiyah had
managed to get a car. Given Lin’s role as a runner, it appears that these
messages related to the collection and delivery of drugs. 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

Exhibit G, p 86.

277 Therefore, the evidence shows that Salzawiyah continued to be involved in
the drug trafficking operation – in particular, the packing of the drugs,
recording of drug-related transactions in the Notebook and liaising with drug
runners.

Whether Salzawiyah gave Jumadi the money he used to purchase the Bundles

278 I turn now to the issue of whether Salzawiyah had given Jumadi $10,000 in
cash to purchase the Bundles. The Prosecution relies on Jumadi’s Statements,
in which he stated that he had obtained the $10,000 from Salzawiyah. 405

##### Foot Note 405

×

PCS, at paras 116–118.

In response, Salzawiyah relies on Jumadi’s testimony in court that he had
taken the money of his own accord from an envelope in a black tray in the
bedroom of the Unit while Salzawiyah appeared to be asleep. 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

1DCS, at para 108.

Furthermore, according to Jumadi’s testimony, Salzawiyah would have been
outside of the Unit at the time when the calls with Vishu were made arranging
for the order of the diamorphine. Salzawiyah also points to the fact that the
Notebook does not contain any record of her giving $10,000 to Jumadi and
Shisham. According to Salzawiyah, if she had given $10,000 to Jumadi and
Shisham, she would have recorded it down because it was a large sum of money
and the money did not belong to her. 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 77, lines 12–18; p 78, lines 2–5.

279 Having considered the evidence, I find that Salzawiyah had given Jumadi
the $10,000 in cash for him to purchase the Bundles. This occurred around 4pm,
after Jumadi’s and Shisham’s call with Vishu, before Salzawiyah left the Unit.
In coming to this conclusion, I place significant weight on Jumadi’s
Statements, as compared to his testimony in court. In his Fourth Long
Statement, Jumadi stated as follows: 408

##### Foot Note 408

×

Exhibit P233, at para 53.

… I then went to ask Salzawiyah how much money she has at hand. She told me
$10,000 and I said to give me all the money. I explained to her that I need to
stock up heroin for Hari Raya. But I did not tell her how much I am actually
buying. I then took $10,000 plus another $1,000 with me from the sale of
heroin. I counted $11,000. At night, I told Sham to call Ah Neh to confirm
that I want 5 ‘batu’ of heroin. Sham called and said confirm that the heroin
will come in Thursday and the money will be $10,000.

280 In contrast, Jumadi’s testimony in court was vastly different. His
evidence was that he did not ask Salzawiyah for the $10,000. Instead, on the
morning of 22 June 2017, he took the money from an ang pow in the black tray
which was located in the bedroom of the Unit. Before he left the bedroom, he
told Salzawiyah that he “took the money to take barang”. At this time,
Salzawiyah was lying on the bed with her eyes closed. She did not reply when
he told her that he was going to “take barang”. 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

NEs, 27 August 2020, at p 6, line 3 to p 7, line 22.

Furthermore, according to Jumadi’s testimony, the calls with Vishu arranging
for the purchase of diamorphine was made at 6.57pm, 7.27pm and 11pm on 21 June
2017. At this time, Salzawiyah’s evidence was that she was outside of the
Unit, at her late father’s house in Hougang. 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

NEs, 21 August 2020, at p 47, lines 4–15.

281 As between Jumadi’s Statements and his testimony in court, I find that
Jumadi’s Statements are more credible. As I have explained at [166] and [168]
above, Jumadi was not able to provide a satisfactory explanation for why he
would lie in his Statements regarding how he obtained the money to purchase
the Bundles. Instead, his explanations were vacillating and contradictory.
This was similarly the case in relation to his evidence regarding the timing
of the calls made with Vishu on 21 June 2017 (see [190] above). In contrast,
Jumadi’s Statements are generally consistent with each other, and were made
relatively closer in time to the critical events of 21 June 2017 and 22 June
2017.

282 I have observed that Jumadi was willing to fabricate evidence to suit his
own purposes. In this case, it is likely that Jumadi lied in court for two
reasons. First, he was seeking to distance himself from his admission in his
Statements that he took $10,000 from Salzawiyah to buy diamorphine, such sum
being sufficient to purchase more than three batu of diamorphine (see [170]
above). 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

PCS, at para 67.

Second, he also wished to protect Salzawiyah by distancing her from the
purchase of the Bundles. It is telling that, in his Statements, Jumadi already
sought to downplay Salzawiyah’s involvement in the drug trafficking business
in order to protect her. In fact, Jumadi admitted that he had lied in certain
parts of his Statements “about Salzawiyah’s involvement in the drug
trafficking business … so as not to implicate her”. 412

##### Foot Note 412

×

NEs, 28 August 2020, at p 54, lines 18–21.

Yet, he nevertheless stated in his Fourth Long Statement that he had obtained
the $10,000 in cash from Salzawiyah. There was no reason for Jumadi to lie in
this aspect. 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

PCS, at para 118.

In fact, given his desire to protect Salzawiyah, one would have expected him
to lie to cover up for the fact that he had obtained $10,000 from Salzawiyah.
This suggests that he was telling the truth.

283 Furthermore, Jumadi’s account regarding the $10,000 in his Statements is
also consistent with Salzawiyah’s role in the drug trafficking operation. 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

PCS, at para 122.

This is one aspect of his Statements that Jumadi maintained in his testimony
in court. In cross-examination, Jumadi admitted that it was true that, “every
time [he] wanted money to buy drugs, [he] got it from Salzawiyah”. 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

NEs, 22 September 2020, at p 10, lines 1–3.

In this regard, I am sceptical of Salzawiyah’s testimony that Jumadi would
typically take the money of his own accord from the envelope in the black
tray. 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 64, lines 3–9; 26 August 2020, at p 25, lines 3–15.

This does not accord with her role in keeping accounts in the drug trafficking
operation, which was not only to physically safekeep the moneys 417

##### Foot Note 417

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 30, lines 9–11.

but also to manage the accounts of the drug trafficking operation. 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 75, line 25 to p 76, line 12.

The fact that Jumadi took the $10,000 from Salzawiyah to pay Vishu for the
five Bundles of diamorphine is consistent with his description of Salzawiyah’s
role, both in his Statements as well as his testimony in court. Therefore,
Jumadi’s Statements should be believed over his testimony in court, when he
said that he obtained the $10,000 from Salzawiyah to purchase the Bundles.

284 I am aware that Salzawiyah submits that the notebooks did not contain any
record of her giving $10,000 to Jumadi. Thus, she argues that it shows that
she did not give Jumadi the $10,000. However, as Salzawiyah herself
acknowledged, 419

##### Foot Note 419

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 64, lines 4–14.

the notebooks used by Jumadi and Salzawiyah to record drug-related
transactions do not contain any entries of instances when Salzawiyah passed
money to Jumadi for Jumadi to purchase drugs. This suggests that, in the first
place, Salzawiyah and Jumadi had no such practice of recording down sums of
money that Salzawiyah passed to Jumadi in order for him to purchase drugs.
Moreover, the record keeping in the notebooks was done haphazardly, crudely
and informally. It was not according to proper accounting principles. It
appears that the entries in the notebooks were organised according to date.
For each date, two pages would be used – the page on the left side would be
used to record outgoing moneys (eg, expenses), whereas the page on the right
side would generally be used to record incoming moneys (eg, proceeds of sale
of the drugs). Jumadi testified in court that he would sometimes use the page
on the right side to record the purchase price of drugs even if he did not
subsequently expend the money to buy such drugs. If Jumadi’s explanation is
accepted, it means that there could be anomalies in the bookkeeping.
Furthermore, Jumadi explained that entries in the notebooks would be made as
and when convenient, with the total sums calculated only at the end of the
day. 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

NEs, 23 September 2020, at p 6, lines 1–6.

This was confirmed by Salzawiyah. 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

NEs, 25 August 2020, at p 65, line 28 to p 66, line 8.

As the accused persons were arrested in the early afternoon on 22 June 2017,
this could explain why no entry regarding the $10,000 was made in the
Notebook. 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

PCS, at para 134(b).

Thus, the absence of an entry regarding the $10,000 in the notebooks is not
conclusive of whether Salzawiyah had given this sum to Jumadi to pay Vishu for
the five Bundles of diamorphine.

285 From the totality of the evidence, I accept Jumadi’s Statements where he
stated that Salzawiyah had given him $10,000 in cash, which he used to
purchase the Bundles. Furthermore, although he did not tell her the exact
amount of diamorphine he was purchasing, he told her that the $10,000 was to
“stock up heroin for Hari Raya”. I accept this version in Jumadi’s Statements
over Jumadi’s and Salzawiyah’s testimonies in court.

The DNA recovered from the red bag and the camouflage bag

286 Finally, I turn to the DNA evidence in relation to the red bag and the
camouflage bag. Both Salzawiyah’s and Jumadi’s DNA were recovered from the
exterior of the red bag, that is, the front, back, sides and base of the red
bag, as well as the exterior surface and front compartment of the camouflage
bag. 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

1 AB 744, 748–749; NEs, 14 July 2020, at p 39, lines 27–32; 1DCS, at paras
58–59.

I do not find the presence of Salzawiyah’s DNA on the red bag and the
camouflage bag conclusive of whether she had touched them. As Dr Pook
acknowledged, there are at least two other possible reasons for this. First,
Salzawiyah’s DNA could have been transferred onto the red bag and/or
camouflage bag by primary transference if she had inadvertently touched them.
424

##### Foot Note 424

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, at p 54, lines 26–29.

This might have occurred in the course of the raid when Salzawiyah was
struggling while being pinned to the floor, near to the location where the red
bag and camouflage bag were found. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

NEs, 15 July 2020, at p 44, lines 9–25; p 45, lines 11–20; p 67, line 13 to p
69, line 20; 21 August 2020, at p 63, line 31 to p 64, line 9.

Second, Salzawiyah’s DNA could have been transferred onto the red bag and/or
camouflage bag by secondary transference if Salzawiyah’s DNA had been on the
floor of the living room in the Unit and the red bag and/or camouflage bag
subsequently came into contact with the floor. In such a situation, the living
room floor would have been the “common vector”, as described by Dr Pook.
According to Dr Pook, it was likely that a person’s cells would be on the
floor of the living room of their house. Secondary transference could also
have occurred if Jumadi had been the common vector, ie, Jumadi came into
contact with Salzawiyah such that some of her DNA was left on him, and
subsequently, Jumadi came into contact with the red bag and/or camouflage bag
thereby depositing Salzawiyah’s DNA onto them. 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

NEs, 14 July 2020, at p 54, lines 2–25; 1DCS, at paras 60–62.

For these reasons, I do not place much weight on the fact that Salzawiyah’s
DNA was found on the red bag and camouflage bag. Instead, my findings as
regards her continued involvement in the drug trafficking operation and the
fact that she passed Jumadi $10,000 in cash are much more significant. In any
case, the Prosecution is not relying on the DNA evidence to prove its charge
against Salzawiyah, 427

##### Foot Note 427

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 15, lines 20–25.

and rightly so.

Jumadi’s admission in his Statements that the Drugs all belonged to him

287 Salzawiyah further relies on Jumadi’s admissions in several of his
Statements that the Drugs in the Unit were “his” and belonged to him only. 428

##### Foot Note 428

×

1DCS, at paras 121–130.

In my view, these admissions should be understood in light of the fact that
Jumadi was the leader of the drug trafficking operation. 429

##### Foot Note 429

×

NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 22, lines 21–29.

Furthermore, they cannot be looked at in isolation but must be read in
conjunction with the other parts of Jumadi’s Statements, as well as with the
totality of the evidence. Given the evidence which I have discussed above, I
place little weight on the fact that Jumadi had admitted in his Statements
that all the Drugs in the Unit belonged to him alone.

Conclusion on Salzawiyah’s amended charge

288 In relation to the Bundles, I find that Salzawiyah knew and consented to
Jumadi’s possession of them, such that she is deemed pursuant to s 18(4) of
the MDA to have been in joint possession of them. I turn first to the element
of knowledge. Salzawiyah submits that, even if she had handed the $10,000 to
Jumadi, she did not know the specific quantity of diamorphine Jumadi was
intending to purchase. 430

##### Foot Note 430

×

1DCS, at paras 110–112.

However, Jumadi had informed her that he was going to “stock up heroin for
Hari Raya”. Furthermore, Salzawiyah was aware that the price of one batu of
diamorphine was approximately $3,700, as evidenced from her phone records. 431

##### Foot Note 431

×

Exhibit G, at p 57.

From this, she would have known that $10,000 could purchase about three batu
of diamorphine. This is affirmed by Salzawiyah’s own cautioned statement,
where she stated that she knew that Jumadi and Shisham were “going to take
‘batu’” and that they intended to buy a “large amount of heroin”. 432

##### Foot Note 432

×

2 AB 977; PCS, at paras 119–121.

Therefore, although she might not have known the precise quantity of
diamorphine Jumadi and Shisham were going to buy, she knew that they were
going to buy a large amount of a controlled drug, specifically, diamorphine.
Based on the circumstantial evidence, it can also be inferred that she knew
Jumadi and Shisham were buying five Bundles of diamorphine on 22 June 2017.

289 Next, I turn to the element of consent. I find that Salzawiyah’s conduct
in giving Jumadi $10,000 in cash to purchase the diamorphine is sufficient to
amount to consent for the purposes of s 18(4) of the MDA. Therefore,
Salzawiyah was not only in joint possession of the Bundles, she also knew the
nature of the Bundles (ie, that they contained diamorphine). At this juncture,
I address an argument raised by Salzawiyah that she was not the “financier” of
the drug trafficking operation and did not have any “power or authority over
the money”. According to Salzawiyah, even if she had given Jumadi $10,000 as
requested by him (which, as I have found above, she did), such conduct
amounted to acquiescence and was insufficient to meet the legal threshold for
consent under s 18(4). Therefore, s 18(4) did not apply. 433

##### Foot Note 433

×

1DCS, at paras 74–92.

I do not accept this argument. The first observation to be made is that,
strictly speaking, the power or authority is assessed in relation to the
drugs, rather than the money used to purchase the drugs. That being said, it
is possible that a person’s power or authority over the money used to purchase
the drugs may also affect that person’s power or authority over the drugs
themselves.

290 Secondly, and more importantly, Salzawiyah did have some measure of
control, power or authority over the Bundles. It is true that, based on the
evidence, Jumadi was the leader of the drug trafficking operation and the
primary decision-maker. It is also true that Salzawiyah gave Jumadi the
$10,000 upon his request. However, what is required for s 18(4) is “some
measure of control” [emphasis in original] (see Muhammad Ridzuan ([132] supra)
at [63]) and “a degree of ‘power or authority’” (see Mohammad Azli ([132]
supra) at [52]) over the object in question. Such control, power or authority
depends on the dealings between the parties in relation to the drugs and the
role that the accused played therein (see Muhammad Ridzuan at [64]; Mohammad
Azli at [52]). It is evident from the Court of Appeal’s observations in the
cases cited above that the control, power or authority need not be absolute;
it is always a question of degree. In this case, looking at the dealing
between Salzawiyah and Jumadi in relation to the Bundles, Salzawiyah was not
only the safekeeper of the proceeds of the drug sales, she also helped to
maintain the accounts of the drug trafficking operation. She could almost be
regarded as a “treasurer” of sorts. In this context, her passing of the
$10,000 to Jumadi can hardly be characterised as acquiescence or passive. Her
control, power or authority over the Bundles arose from her critical role in
providing Jumadi the money used to purchase them, with the knowledge that such
money was going to be used to purchase a large amount of controlled drugs,
specifically diamorphine. This is even though such moneys were only being
safekept by her rather than belonging absolutely to her. By passing Jumadi the
money, she knowingly enabled him to pay for and collect the Bundles.
Therefore, I find that she consented to Jumadi’s possession of the Bundles for
the purpose of s 18(4) of the MDA.

291 In relation to the other packets of diamorphine in the red bag and
camouflage bag (marked A1E1 and A1F1), I also find that Salzawiyah knew that
these were controlled drugs in Jumadi’s possession and that Salzawiyah
consented to Jumadi’s possession of them, given her participation in Jumadi’s
drug trafficking activities. 434

##### Foot Note 434

×

PCS, at para 137.

She stayed in the Unit with Jumadi and was involved in the drug trafficking
operation, specifically, in keeping the accounts, packing the drugs and
liaising with runners. She also sold diamorphine to her friends. I note that
in Salzawiyah’s Third Long Statement, she admitted that she had helped to pack
diamorphine on 17 June 2017, 435

##### Foot Note 435

×

2 AB 989, at paras 21–22.

which was also the day that Jumadi had received the consignment of diamorphine
from which the packets marked A1E and A1F originated. 436

##### Foot Note 436

×

PCS, at para 139.

Given the extent of her involvement, she must have known that these packets of
diamorphine in the red bag and camouflage bag were controlled drugs in
Jumadi’s possession and consented to such drugs being in Jumadi’s possession.
Therefore, she is deemed, pursuant to s 18(4) of the MDA, to have been in
joint possession of the packets of diamorphine marked A1E1 and A1F1.

292 In the alternative, s 18(1)(c) also applies such that Salzawiyah is
presumed to have been in possession of the Drugs. The application of the
presumption is not disputed as Salzawiyah had possession of the keycard to the
Unit. 437

##### Foot Note 437

×

1DCS, at para 137; NEs, 11 November 2020, at p 9, lines 7–14.

Based on the above findings, Salzawiyah has failed to rebut the presumption in
s 18(1)(c) on a balance of probabilities.

293 Given that s 18(4) and/or s 18(1) of the MDA are operative, the
presumption in s 18(2) arises and Salzawiyah is presumed to have known the
nature of the Drugs. Based on the analysis above, Salzawiyah has not
successfully rebutted this presumption on a balance of probabilities. Even
without relying on the presumption, I am satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt
that based on Salzawiyah’s level of involvement in the drug trafficking
operation, she knew of the nature of these packets of diamorphine.

294 Finally, given her involvement in the drug trafficking operation, which
had not ceased by 22 June 2017, I find that Salzawiyah intended to traffic in
the Bundles and the packets of diamorphine in the red bag and camouflage bag.
This was in furtherance of the common intention shared amongst the accused
persons to perpetuate their drug trafficking operation, which I shall
elaborate further below.

295 For these reasons, I find that the trafficking charge against Salzawiyah
in respect of all the Drugs has been proven beyond a reasonable doubt.

Common intention

296 Given my findings above, it is clear that the requirements for the common
intention element of the charges against the accused persons have been proven
beyond a reasonable doubt. 438

##### Foot Note 438

×

PCS, at paras 176–178.

The criminal act was the possession of the Drugs for the purpose of
trafficking. Under Jumadi’s leadership and direction, there was a common
intention amongst all the accused persons to traffic in the Drugs.
Furthermore, the accused persons participated in the trafficking of the Drugs.
Jumadi and Shisham were involved in, inter alia, ordering, buying, and
collecting the diamorphine from the couriers of the seller. Thereafter, the
accused persons repacked, sold and delivered the diamorphine to the buyers.
Jumadi was also involved in the recording of the drug-related transactions.
Salzawiyah was involved in, inter alia, packing the diamorphine, liaising with
drug runners, safekeeping the proceeds of the diamorphine, sales of the
diamorphine and recording drug-related transactions.

297 On 22 June 2017, Jumadi and Shisham were both involved in ordering,
collecting and making payment for the Bundles. In relation to the Bundles,
Salzawiyah passed Jumadi the $10,000 to purchase the Bundles, with the
knowledge that the money was going to be used to purchase a large amount of
diamorphine.

298 For these reasons, I find that the accused persons intended to traffic in
the Drugs in furtherance of the common intention of all of them.

Conclusion

299 For the above reasons, I find that the amended charges against the accused
persons have been proven beyond a reasonable doubt and convict them
accordingly.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court

Terence Chua, Samuel Yap and Lu Yiwei (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Gill Amarick Singh (Amarick Gill LLC) and Ng Huiling Cheryl (ZICO Insights Law
LLC) for the first accused;

Dendroff Jason Peter (J P Dendroff & Co) and Teh Ee-Von (Infinitus Law
Corporation) for the second accused;

Cheong Jun Ming Mervyn (Advocatus Law LLP) and Jerrie Tan Qiu Lin (K&L Gates
Straits Law LLC) for the third accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Jan 2021 (14:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

