Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2021] SGHCF 15

Originating Summons Probate No 3 of 2019  
(Summonses Nos 36 and 58 of 2020)

Between

(1)| VJZ  
---|---  
(2)| VKA  
  
… Applicants

And

(1)| VKB  
---|---  
(2)| VKC  
(3)| VKD  
(4)| VKE  
(5)| VKF  
(6)| VKG  
(7)| VKH  
(8)| VKI  
(9)| VKJ  
(10)| VKK  
(11)| VKL  
(12)| VKM  
(13)| VKN  
(14)| VKO  
(15)| VKP  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Probate and Administration] — [Personal representatives] — [Remuneration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VJZ and another

  
v

  

VKB and others

[2021] SGHCF 15

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Originating Summons
Probate No 3 of 2019 (Summonses Nos 36 and 58 of 2020)  
Choo Han Teck J  
18 May 2021

9 June 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicants are the former joint administrators (“Administrators”) of the
estate of the deceased (the “Estate”). They seek remuneration for their work
in administering the Estate and for solicitors’ fees from 2018 to 2020.

2 The deceased died on 31 October 2012, leaving a will dated 24 November 1995
(“the Will”). The 15 beneficiaries under the Will split into three factions,
comprising the 1st to 5th and 15th respondents (“Family [A]”), the 10th to
14th respondents (“Family [B]”) and the 6th to 9th respondents (the
“Unrepresented Beneficiaries”). Family [B] estimates the Estate is worth
US$200 million to US$300 million. The factions disagreed as to who should
administer the Estate after all three executors named in the Will renounced
their rights in May 2015. Eventually, on 19 March 2018, Foo Tuat Yien JC
appointed the applicants as joint administrators of the Estate.

3 The beneficiaries entered into a settlement agreement with each other on 18
April 2018 (the “First Settlement Agreement”) to settle their differences. On
13 August 2019, Tan Puay Boon JC ordered in HCF/ORC 253/2019 (“ORC 253”) that
the applicants were to administer the Estate in accordance with the First
Settlement Agreement. He held that the applicants were entitled to be
reimbursed from the Estate “such reasonable expenses properly incurred by the
[a]pplicants in the administration of the Estate in all jurisdictions”, and to
receive “reasonable remuneration for services performed in the administration
of the Estate in all jurisdictions”. Under Schedule 2 of ORC 253 (“Schedule
2”), the applicants were to render an interim bill to the respondents with a
statement of work, setting out the work done on the matter (“Interim Bill”).
If the majority of the respondents did not object to the Interim Bill within
ten working days, the applicants could proceed to satisfy it from the Estate
and render an account of the sums accordingly. If there were objections from a
majority of the respondents, the applicants were to make an application to the
Singapore Court for a determination on the Interim Bill.

4 On 13 December 2019, the beneficiaries entered a new settlement agreement
(the “Second Settlement Agreement”) for the 1st respondent and another person
to take over the administration. On 3 August 2020, Tan Puay Boon JC ordered in
HCF/ORC 212/2020 (“ORC 212”) that the Second Settlement Agreement replace the
First Settlement Agreement, and that the applicants “shall be entitled to be
reimbursed from the Estate, all costs and expenses already approved in
accordance with Schedule 2”, as well as “all other reasonable costs and
expenses incurred in the administration of the Estate and in the handover to
the [new administrators]”.

5 On 29 January and 1 February 2021, the applicants’ solicitors wrote to the
beneficiaries referring to ORC 212 and requesting payment of the applicants’
and solicitors’ fees. Both Family [A] and Family [B] objected that the fees
were too high. On 23 February 2021, Mr Rai, counsel for Family [A], filed
HCF/SUM 36/2021 (“SUM 36”). He argues that the matter should be sent for
taxation under Rule 863 of the Family Justice Rules 2014 (S 813/2014) or
Section 66 of the Probate and Administration Act (Cap 251, 2000 Rev Ed), as
“reasonableness” under Schedule 2 has to be determined through an assessment
exercise, not a declaration. The court can be guided by the principles set out
by VK Rajah JC (as he then was) in Re Econ Corp Ltd (in provisional
liquidation) [2004] 2 SLR(R) 264 (“Re Econ”). On those principles, Mr Rai
argues there is insufficient material before me to conclude that the costs
claimed are reasonable.

6 On 16 March 2021, the applicants’ solicitors filed HCF/SUM 58/2021 (“SUM
58”), seeking a declaration that the applicants’ fees of S$2,611,138.86 for
administering the Estate from 1 February 2018 to 30 October 2020 and their
solicitors’ legal costs of S$649,957.75 from 2 February 2018 to 31 December
2020 are reasonable, and that they are entitled to be reimbursed out of the
Estate. Counsel for the applicants, Ms Tan, argues that the remuneration
claimed is reasonable under Section 41R(6) of the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005
Rev Ed). It is consistent with the previous estimate given in August 2017, and
the administration of the Estate was complex and contentious.

7 I first consider the approach of Rajah JC in Re Econ. After considering
Singapore legislation and case law from other jurisdictions, Rajah JC set out
the principles to be taken into account in the court’s determination of
remuneration for insolvency practitioners (at [48]–[61]). He observed that the
affidavits in that case were inadequate as the focus was on time spent without
spelling out the complexity of the matter, the effectiveness of what was done,
the responsibilities of each of the persons discharged, and their
qualifications, expertise and experience (at [62]). There should be
“disclosure in proportion to the remuneration sought” (at [69]). Next, he held
that “the taxing master is in the best position to determine remuneration”,
citing the comments of Hoffmann J in Re Potters Oils Ltd [1986] 1 WLR 201 at
207 that the court “is ill-equipped to conduct a detailed investigation of
receivers’ charges on an itemised basis” and “[a] judge could not do so
without being expensively educated by expert evidence” (at [26], [70]). Rajah
JC directed the parties to file a fresh affidavit including further
information and for the taxing master to hear the application (at [72]).

8 I agree with Mr Rai’s submission that, although Re Econ concerned the
remuneration of insolvency practitioners, that case is relevant to the present
matter since it discussed principles of “general application” to the
remuneration of fiduciaries (Re Econ at [25]), which includes administrators.
I hence consider whether the applicants have provided sufficient material to
justify the remuneration claimed, including, inter alia, the identity,
seniority and years of experience in the relevant area of expertise of the
person who has done the work, and the need for and the role of the various
team members, explaining and justifying, if necessary, why no outsourcing was
undertaken (Re Econ at [61]).

9 After considering the affidavits and submissions before me, I agree with Mr
Rai that the matter should be sent for taxation. Although the “fee narratives”
provide a detailed description of the tasks performed and a summary of the
hours of work done by each person, they do not state each person’s years of
experience, qualifications, or the need for the 10 team members. They also do
not state who did what task and why that person’s role was necessary. For
example, the first item on the “fee narratives” list under “Singapore”, which
concerns the appointment of the applicants’ solicitors, states: “Received and
perused the email dated 2 February 2018 from A&G regarding their letter of
engagement, letter of appointment and standard terms of business”. According
to the summary, 1.5 hours were spent on appointment of solicitors by a
partner, 3 hours by a director, 4 hours by a manager, and 1.5 hours by an
associate — a total of 10 hours. But neither the fee narrative nor the summary
explains who was involved in receiving and perusing that email, the
qualification and experience levels of each of these persons, or why their
involvement in the task was necessary. There are other similar examples. Given
that the amount claimed is not insubstantial, the applicants have an
obligation to provide further details (Re Econ at [63]).

10 The same applies to the solicitors’ invoices. The invoices do not
consistently indicate the nature, complexity and urgency of the various phone
calls, meetings or emails listed. For example, some entries just state
“Drafting email to clients” or “Drafting correspondence” without further
elaboration of the complexity of the subject or urgency of the matter.
Similarly, these invoices do not state the experience and qualification of
each person in the team, and why those particular persons were required for a
particular task.

11 I next consider whether I should direct the parties to file further
affidavits for my review, or send the matter for taxation. I agree with Rajah
JC that the taxing master is in the best position to assess the reasonableness
of the applicants’ remuneration, being “equipped with a wealth of experience
in determining solicitors’ remuneration and litigation costs” (Re Econ at
[71]). There is no evidence before me as to the usual industry rate for
professional administrators, though, as a point of comparison, I note that in
VIK v VIL and others [2021] 3 SLR 857 (at [2]), where the administrator was a
trust corporation, the unpaid administration and legal fees amounted to a
total of about S$1,800,000.00 for about five years of work (though taken
together with projected statutory liabilities, future costs and fees, the
administrator estimated that a total of around S$2,300,000.00 in expenses and
liabilities for the estate would remain outstanding). I also note that, upon
the acceptance by the Public Trustee of a trust, there shall be paid to the
Public Trustee a fee of 0.85% on the gross capital value of trust property in
excess of S$750,000.00 (Rule 6(1)(i) of the Public Trustee (Fees) Rules S
248/2010).

12 Second, I note that the parties’ affidavits disputed specific items listed
in the invoices and focused on explaining why the work for that particular
item was reasonable or not. I therefore think that, rather than ordering the
parties to file further affidavits for my review, which they may then dispute
further, it would be more appropriate for the parties to resolve the
reasonableness of each item in a taxation hearing.

13 For the reasons above, I grant SUM 36 and dismiss SUM 58, and order that
this matter proceed for taxation without prejudice to the Registrar to allow
further evidence. I reserve the issue of costs till after the taxation
hearing.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Tan Xeauwei, Afzal Ali and Marrissa Miralini Karuna (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the applicants;  
Devinder Kumar s/o Ram Sakal Rai and Leong Wen Jia Nicholas (ACIES Law
Corporation) for the 1st to 5th and 15th respondents;  
Kanyakumari d/o Veerasamy and Loh Weijie Leonard (Tan Kok Quan Partnership)
for the 10th to 14th respondents;  
The 6th and 7th respondents in person;  
The 8th and 9th respondents absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Jun 2021 (12:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

