Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 151

Criminal Case No 28 of 2021

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Mohamed Affandi bin Mohamed Yuz Al-Haj  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Mohamed Affandi bin Mohamed Yuz Al-Haj

[2021] SGHC 151

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 28 of 2021  
Aedit Abdullah J  
28 April 2021

24 June 2021

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 Mohamed Affandi bin Mohamed Yuz Al-Haj (the “accused”) pleaded guilty to one
charge of conspiracy to traffic in not less than 14.99g of diamorphine, an
offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 12, punishable under s 33(1) of the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Arraigned Charges dated 15 April 2021 (the “Charge”) at p 1; Mohamed Affandi
bin Mohamed Yuz Al-Haj’s Plea in Mitigation (Amendment No. 1) dated 28 April
2021 (“DC Sentencing Subs”) at para 1.

He was sentenced to 28 years’ imprisonment. The accused was exempt from caning
due to his age. Several charges were taken into consideration for sentencing.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Form 53 issued on 28 April 2021.

He has now appealed.

The charge

2 The charge (the “Drug Charge”) reads: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Charge at p 1.

That you, 1. MOHAMED AFFANDI BIN MOHAMED YUS AL-HAJ,

on or before 4 May 2017, in Singapore, did abet by engaging in a conspiracy
with one Lizawati …, one “Mahmood” and one or more unknown persons to do a
certain thing, namely, traffic in a Class A controlled drug listed in the
First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), and
in pursuance of that conspiracy, and in order to the doing of that thing, an
act took place on 4 May 2017, at about 5.15 p.m., in front of 28 Jalan
Pelatok, Singapore, to wit, you approached a taxi bearing registration number
SHC288B to take delivery of eight (8) packets of granular/powdery substance
which was analysed and found to contain a total of not less than 14.99g of
diamorphine, without authorisation under the MDA or the Regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under s 5(1)(a) read
with s 12 of the MDA, punishable under s 33(1) of the MDA.

[emphasis in original]

The Statement of Facts

3 The accused admitted to the Statement of Facts (“SOF”). This disclosed that
on 4 May 2017, a Malaysian bus was stopped at Woodlands Checkpoint. The
driver, one Thiban Balakrishnan, was arrested with two other Malaysians:
Thevarj Manogaran (“Thevarj”) and Sargunan Gandur Selvakumar (“Sargunan”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Facts dated 15 April 2021 (“SOF”) at para 2.

A search on the bus turned up a haversack containing a red and a black plastic
bag containing packets of granular substance. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOF at para 3.

The items were seized. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOF at para 4.

The various granular substances were subsequently analysed and found to
contain 90.07g of diamorphine, a Class A Controlled Drug listed under the
First Schedule to the MDA. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOF at paras 7, 9 and 11.

There was thus a total of not less than 14.99g of diamorphine. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOF at para 10.

4 On 4 May 2017, Thevarj and Sargunan informed officers from the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) that the haversack was to be delivered at Kranji MRT.
CNB then pursued a follow-up operation to arrest the intended recipients of
the haversack. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOF at para 5.

The accused was then arrested later on 4 May 2017, as he approached a taxi
that had stopped at the front of 28 Jalan Pelatok. The co-accused, Lizawati,
was arrested nearby. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOF at para 6.

5 Investigations revealed that the accused and co-accused started working for
one “Mahmood”, a drug supplier based in Indonesia in 2016. The two of them
would receive instructions from Mahmood and liaise with Mahmood and others in
Malaysia to receive diamorphine and methamphetamine. The drugs would be
delivered by the two of them to various recipients on Mahmood’s instructions,
and they would collect payments due from drug customers. The two would also
sometimes repack the drugs into smaller packets before delivery. They received
and delivered the drugs on Mahmood’s behalf and collected payments from the
drug recipients once or twice a week. They were paid $100 to $200 each time.
The two would also remit the collected payments to Mahmood via money
transfers. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOF at para 12.

6 On 4 May 2017, the accused and co-accused were instructed by Mahmood to
collect “kopi”, which referred to diamorphine, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOF at para 13.

for delivery from Kranji MRT. The point of collection was then changed to
Jalan Pelatok, with the two being informed that the person delivering would be
arriving in a taxi. At about 5.15pm when the taxi had stopped at Jalan
Pelatok, the accused approached the taxi intending to receive the drugs that
he and the co-accused had been instructed to collect. It was then that he and
the co-accused were arrested. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOF at para 13.

7 Neither of the two were authorised to traffic in diamorphine under the MDA.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOF at para 14.

The Prosecution’s submissions on sentence

8 The Prosecution sought against the accused and co-accused imprisonment for
at least 29 years, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Prosecution’s Submissions on Sentence dated 15 April 2021 (“PP Sentencing
Subs”) at para 3.

applying the framework laid down in Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor
[2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha”) and endorsed in Suventher Shanmugam v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 115 (“Suventher”), under which the quantity of drugs
will provide the indicative starting point, and after which adjustments will
be made on the basis of culpability, presence of aggravating or mitigating
factors, and time spent in remand. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PP Sentencing Subs at para 4.

The framework has been applied in respect of diamorphine trafficking in Public
Prosecutor v Tan Lye Heng [2017] 5 SLR 564 (“Tan Lye Heng”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PP Sentencing Subs at para 5.

Given the quantity involved is stated to be not less than 14.99g, the
indicative starting point should be 29 years’ imprisonment. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PP Sentencing Subs at para 6.

9 The accused and co-accused each displayed culpability on the higher end of
the spectrum. First, they played critical roles in the drug trafficking
operations: they were not just receiving and delivering drugs, but also
repacking drugs, collecting payments, and remitting payments to Mahmood on a
frequent basis. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PP Sentencing Subs at para 8(a).

Second, they obtained financial gains for their efforts. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PP Sentencing Subs at para 8(b).

With regard to aggravating factors, nine other charges (the “CDSA Charges”),
pertaining to transfers of drug payment moneys contrary to s 46(2) of the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (the “CDSA”) read with s 34 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), were taken into consideration for the accused. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PP Sentencing Subs at para 9.

Mitigating factors, namely their pleas of guilt and cooperation with CNB, did
not have much weight in the circumstances, and should not lead to any discount
from the indicative starting point. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PP Sentencing Subs at para 10.

The Defence’s mitigation plea

10 Counsel for the accused sought a sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DC Sentencing Subs at para 28.

pointing to the accused’s cooperation with CNB officers, great remorse, and
plea of guilt. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DC Sentencing Subs at paras 11–12.

Reliance was placed on Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4
SLR(R) 653 for the proposition that a lighter sentence should be imposed where
the accused person is genuinely remorseful. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DC Sentencing Subs at para 13.

The accused had no drug-related antecedents. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DC Sentencing Subs at para 14.

Not much was earned by the accused from each transaction. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DC Sentencing Subs at para 16.

Aside from Vasentha and Tan Lye Heng, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DC Sentencing Subs at para 18.

counsel also pointed to Jeffery bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2009] 3
SLR(R) 414 (“Jeffery bin Abdullah”), for various factors that would be taken
into account in sentencing, namely the quantity of drugs, drug type, duration
and sophistication of the offence, and relative levels of participation where
more than one offender is involved. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DC Sentencing Subs at para 19.

It was also emphasised, citing Vasentha, that quantity alone would not be
determinative. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DC Sentencing Subs at paras 20–21.

As the present case involved 14.99g of diamorphine, with a range of 20 to 30
years’ imprisonment, a sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment would be
appropriate. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DC Sentencing Subs at paras 25–26.

The sentence should be backdated to the date of arrest, that is, 4 May 2017.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DC Sentencing Subs at para 27.

The decision

11 The accused and co-accused were each sentenced to 28 years’ imprisonment,
backdated to the date of arrest, 4 May 2017.

The sentencing framework

12 There was no real dispute on the applicable law, as laid down in the Court
of Appeal decision in Suventher, which endorsed the approach in Vasentha. The
full sentencing range prescribed by law should be adopted, and the starting
points should be broadly proportional to the quantity of drugs: Suventher at
[29]. The indicative sentence is then adjusted to take into account
culpability, as well as aggravating and mitigating factors, and the court
should also consider imposing imprisonment in lieu of caning where caning
cannot be administered: Suventher at [30]. While Suventher was concerned with
cannabis, similar sentencing ranges may be adopted for other types of drugs
where the range of prescribed punishment is the same as the unauthorised
import or trafficking of 330 to 500g of cannabis: Suventher at [29] and [31].

13 Indicative starting points for diamorphine trafficking (between 10 and 15g)
were adopted in Tan Lye Heng at [125], and that decision has been followed
since (see Murugesan a/l Arumugam v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 32 at
[7]–[8]):

(a) 10 to 11.5g: 20 to 22 years’ imprisonment;

(b) 11.51 to 13g: 23 to 25 years’ imprisonment; and

(c) 13.01 to 15g: 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment.

14 While the factors listed in Jeffery bin Abdullah, as cited by counsel for
the accused, remain relevant, these factors must be weighed within the
framework endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Suventher. Quantity alone is not
determinative, but the indicative starting points laid out take into account
the influence of quantity on culpability and harm. The greater the amount of
drugs, generally, the greater the criminal responsibility and the effect of
the criminal conduct. As the calibration carried out by the court after the
indicative starting point is determined takes into account other factors, both
aggravating and mitigatory, quantity is indeed never the sole factor. There
is, with respect, nothing in the Suventher framework that overweighs quantity.

Quantity of drugs and culpability

15 In the present case, the quantity involved was not less than 14.99g. That
indicated a high level of culpability, and it was commensurate with the
framework that the starting point should be towards the higher end of the
sentencing spectrum. That the sentence should be at the higher end was also
buttressed by the accused’s performance of various roles in the criminal
activity: the accused was not just transferring drugs, but also repacked
drugs, collected payment from drug customers and remitted drug payment moneys
overseas. This activity was not one-off as it had been going on for some time,
in return for money that while not large in amount, was not negligible either.

Aggravating factors

16 While the accused did have antecedents, as these were not related to misuse
of drugs, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

CRO of Affandi at p 2.

I did not attach them any weight.

17 Some uplift was given for the nine CDSA Charges taken into consideration.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

There is a typographical error in one of the nine CDSA Charges (ie, the 6th
Charge against the accused), but this error did not change the fact that the
accused was involved in a fund transfer contrary to s 46(2)(b) of the CDSA.

Taking the CDSA Charges into consideration would not lead to a double counting
of the remittal of drug payment moneys overseas. The remittal of funds
highlighted at [15] above is an illustration of the broader point that the
accused played many supporting roles in furtherance of drug trafficking
operations, whilst the nine CDSA Charges demonstrate that some of these
ancillary responsibilities were criminal as well. However, any uplift due to
the nine CDSA Charges could not be that substantial. In most cases of this
nature, there will be some movement of funds up the supply chain. What might
distinguish this case was that the records of the transfers were readily
available. What I think was apparent even aside from the CDSA Charges, and
this was part of the SOF for the Drug Charge and already accounted for above
at [15], was that the money received would be handed up the supply chain on a
regular basis, and that to my mind indicated a higher level of culpability
than would otherwise be the case.

Mitigating factors

18 There was little by way of mitigation. The plea of guilt had some
mitigating effect on the sentence, but it did not lead to a substantial
reduction. Both Suventher and Vasentha involved pleas of guilt: the framework
imposed in each would have been in the context of (but not limited to) guilty
pleas anyway, so the sentence imposed should not attract any further discount
on account of the use of this framework.

19 The best mitigating factor was that there was no prior drug conviction.
This would at least show that there was no recalcitrance in drug offending. It
was noteworthy that this was in fact the first drug conviction for the accused
though given the seriousness of the charge, that fact could not attract much
leniency.

20 The accused also relied on his cooperation with the CNB officers. This was
primarily founded on the lack of resistance when he was arrested, in the midst
of waiting for the drug delivery, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOF at para 6.

and the identification of Mahmood as the drug supplier based in Indonesia. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOF at para 12.

I did not see any indication of any other cooperation by the accused with the
authorities. Given the absence of additional evidence of cooperation
indicating remorse and reducing the criminal impact of his activities, some
but not that much reduction could come from this claim of cooperation.

Other factors

21 I would note that while the accused could not be caned because of his age,
no additional term of imprisonment was sought to make up for this. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PP Sentencing Subs at para 3.

Determination of the sentence

22 The Prosecution sought 29 years’ imprisonment, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PP Sentencing Subs at para 6.

while the Defence sought 20 years. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DC Sentencing Subs at para 28.

23 A term of 20 years as sought by the Defence was far too low, and did not
address sufficiently the degree of culpability and aggravating factors,
including the charges taken into consideration. It would have brought the
accused into the lowest band in Tan Lye Heng, which was intended to be the
starting point largely for quantities in the range of 10 to 11.5g. The
strength of mitigating factors sufficient to bring the sentence down to that
band would have to be very high. There was little reason though, on the facts,
to bring the sentence all the way down to what is at the bottom end of the
sentencing framework. 20 years is in fact the minimum imprisonment term for
the trafficking of 10 to 15g of diamorphine: s 33(1) read with Second Schedule
of the MDA.

24 Imprisonment for 29 years as sought by the Prosecution appeared to be
somewhat high in the circumstances. While there were a number of charges taken
into consideration, concerning dealing with the benefits of trafficking, the
amount of money involved was not so great, totalling some $16,300.

25 In the circumstances therefore, I concluded that 28 years’ imprisonment was
appropriate. It was still within the highest band of sentences, reflecting the
quantity of drugs in question, but at the same time some moderation was
effected particularly to reflect the lack of similar antecedents.

26 The same length of imprisonment was imposed on the co-accused, who was
implicated in the same drug transaction that would have taken place on 4 May
2017, had similar culpability, had no antecedents, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

CRO of Lizawati.

and faced the same number of charges under s 46(2) CDSA which were also taken
into consideration.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Terence Chua, Theong Li Han, Kwang Jia Min and Keith Jieren Thirumaran
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Chung Ting Fai (Chung Ting Fai & Co), Nathan Edmund (Tan & Pillai) and Ong
Xiang Ting, Charmian (Chung Ting Fai & Co) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Jun 2021 (17:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

