Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 59

Originating Summons No 975 of 2020

Between

(1)| Syed Suhail Bin Syed Zin  
---|---  
(2)(3)(4)  
(5)(6)(7)(8)  
(9)(10)(11)(12)(13)(14)(15)  
(16)(17)(18)(19)(20)(21)  
(22)| Gobi A/L AvedianDatchinamurthy A/L KataiahMoad Fadzir Bin MustaffaHamzah
Bin IbrahimIskandar Bin Rahmat Lingkesvaran Rajendaren Norasharee Bin
GousNazeri Bin Lajim Saminathan Selvaraju Rosman Bin Abdullah Roslan Bin
BakarMasoud Rahimi Bin Mehrzad Zamri Bin Mohd TahirPannir Selvam A/L
PranthamanFazali Bin Mohamed Rahmat Bin Karimon Tan Kay Yong Ramdhan Bin Lajis
Jumaat Bin Mohamed Sayed Tangaraju s/o SuppiahMuhammad Faizal Bin Mohd Shariff  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Attorney-General  
---|---  
(2)| Superintendent of Changi Prison (Institution A1)  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Administrative Law] — [Rights and liabilities of public servants]

[Civil Procedure] — [Discovery of documents] — [Application]

[Civil Procedure] — [Interrogatories] — [Application for leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin and others

  
v

  

Attorney-General and another

[2021] SGHC 59

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 975 of 2020 See
Kee Oon J  
18 January 2021

16 March 2021 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 The Plaintiffs are 22 inmates of Changi Prison who have been sentenced to
suffer death. The 1st to 11th Plaintiffs initiated the present Originating
Summons (“the OS”) under O 24 r 6(1) and O 26A r 1(1) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) in order to obtain pre-action
discovery and leave to serve pre-action interrogatories. The Attorney-General
(“the AG”) is named as the 1st Defendant and the Superintendent of Changi
Prison (Institution A1) (“the Superintendent”) is named as the 2nd Defendant.
The 12th to 22nd Plaintiffs were subsequently added as Plaintiffs to the
current application by consent of the parties. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2nd affidavit of Mr M Ravi dated 1 December 2020; Registrar’s Directions for
HC/SUM 5265/2020 dated 4 December 2020

Background

2 Mr Gobi A/L Avedian and Mr Datchinamurthy A/L Kataiah are the 2nd and 3rd
Plaintiffs in the present proceedings. They had previously jointly filed a
separate application for judicial review which led to a hearing before the
Court of Appeal in Gobi a/l Avedian and another v Attorney-General and another
appeal [2020] 2 SLR 883 (“Gobi (JR)”).

3 In Gobi (JR), the 2nd and 3rd Plaintiffs had appealed against the decision
of the High Court to dismiss their applications, the substance of which is not
material to the current case. During the course of the proceedings before the
Court of Appeal, it was observed by the Court that the Singapore Prisons
Service (“SPS”) had copied and forwarded to the Attorney-General’s Chambers
(“AGC”) certain correspondence between the 2nd and 3rd Plaintiffs and their
lawyers and families (“the prisoners’ correspondence”). The Court noted that
while Regulation 127A (“reg 127A”) of the Prisons Regulations (Cap 247, 2002
Rev Ed) (“the Regulations”) allowed the SPS to make copies of the prisoners’
correspondence to fulfil its administrative role of screening and recording
letters, reg 127A did not permit the SPS to forward such correspondence to the
AGC, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Gobi (JR) at [88]–[89]

and the AGC had to obtain the prisoner’s consent or an order of Court if it
wished to obtain copies of such correspondence. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Gobi (JR) at [91]

That being the case, the Court observed that the AGC as guardian of the public
interest had a duty to safeguard the rights of prisoners in the custody of the
SPS. However, the Court also accepted that the incident had ultimately
resulted due to an oversight on the part of the AGC and was not an attempt to
seek an advantage in the proceedings. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Gobi (JR) at [93]

The present OS

4 The Plaintiffs commenced the OS to obtain discovery of the letters between
the AG and the Superintendent concerning the AG’s requests for copies of the
correspondence between the Plaintiffs and their lawyers and families (“the
Plaintiffs’ correspondence”), as well as copies of the Plaintiffs’
correspondence forwarded to the AG by the Superintendent, together with any
enclosures thereto. The Plaintiffs also sought leave to serve pre-action
interrogatories on the AG with a view to, inter alia: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Annexure of Interrogatories to the 1st affidavit of Mr M Ravi dated 1
September 2020 (“Mr Ravi’s 1st affidavit”)

(a) identify the persons who had requested for the Plaintiffs’ correspondence
to be forwarded to the AG;

(b) identify the persons who had forwarded the Plaintiffs’ correspondence to
the AG;

(c) identify the dates the requests or responses above were made; and

(d) identify the persons to whom any disclosures of the Plaintiffs’
correspondence were made.

5 The Plaintiffs had contemplated commencing the following legal proceedings
against the AG and/or its officers or agents: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Ravi’s1st affidavit at para 8; Reply Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para
4.3(iii)

(a) declaratory relief that their actions were ultra vires;

(b) a tortious claim and/or disciplinary proceedings premised on a breach of
professional duties and a duty of care to safeguard the Plaintiffs’ rights;

(c) a tortious claim and/or disciplinary proceedings for a breach of statutory
duties under the Prisons Act (Cap 247, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Prisons Act”) or the
Regulations;

(d) a tortious claim for misfeasance in public office; and

(e) damages for harm caused to the Plaintiffs by the abovementioned breaches.

6 Two categories of claims were therefore contemplated by the Plaintiffs. The
first was an application for judicial review of the Defendants’ conduct, and
the second was a tortious claim for damages. The Plaintiffs contend that they
are unable to commence the legal proceedings mentioned in [5] above as they
are unable to identify the individual public servants who had been involved,
and are unable to ascertain the extent of the harm caused to them as they lack
the documents listed in [4] above. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Ravi’s 1st affidavit at para 24-26

7 The AG’s primary argument is that the Plaintiffs have no basis to request
either pre-action discovery or pre-action interrogatories against the
Government. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st affidavit of Mr Hri Kumar dated 18 November 2020 (“Mr Kumar’s 1st
affidavit”) at para 4-5

In the alternative, pre-action discovery and pre-action interrogatories should
not be ordered in the present case as they are neither relevant nor necessary.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Kumar’s 1st affidavit at para 6; Written Submissions of the AG at para 41

Notwithstanding the AG’s position and the arguments which were put forth, the
AG voluntarily disclosed all the correspondence received from the SPS in the
interests of transparency. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Kumar’s 1st affidavit at para 16; 2nd affidavit of Mr Hri Kumar dated 16
December 2020 (“Mr Kumar’s 2nd affidavit”) at para 4

It was also not disputed that no correspondence was sought by the AG or
forwarded to it by the SPS in respect of the 4th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 16th, 17th,
20th, 21st, and 22nd Plaintiffs. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Written Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 3.1

8 In response, the Plaintiffs argue that the AG has incorrectly asserted that
applications for pre-action discovery or pre-action interrogatories are not
available against the Government, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Written Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 4.3-4.8; Reply Submissions of
the Plaintiffs at para 6.1-6.4

and that the applications are necessary and relevant for the Plaintiffs to
obtain sufficient information for the purposes of their contemplated claims
against the AG and/or its officers or agents. The Plaintiffs submit that it is
in the interests of justice and fairness that public officers who have acted
unlawfully or in breach of their statutory duties, or committed misconduct in
public office, ought to be held to account, and not given any special
privilege of having their identities shielded. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Written Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 5.1-5.6; Reply Submissions of
the Plaintiffs at para 5.1-5.13 and 8.3

Nevertheless, after the voluntary disclosures made by the AG identifying the
affected Plaintiffs, the Plaintiffs no longer seek discovery or
interrogatories in respect of any contemplated declaratory relief or
prerogative remedies. They now only seek information relating to their
contemplated claims in tort. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Written Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 4.3-4.4

9 With regard to the Superintendent who had been named on the OS, at the start
of the hearing of the current proceedings on 18 January 2021, it was agreed
between parties that the Superintendent ought not to have been joined as a
party to these proceedings. It was therefore ordered by consent that the
Superintendent be removed as a party under O 15 r 6(2)(a) of the Rules.

Issues to be determined

10 There are four key issues that arise before me in this OS. First, who would
be the proper parties in the contemplated proceedings by the Plaintiffs, and
accordingly whether pre-action discovery or pre-action interrogatories can be
ordered to identify these parties. Secondly, assuming that the proper parties
were brought into the proceedings, whether pre-action discovery or pre-action
interrogatories can be ordered against the Government. Thirdly, assuming that
pre-action discovery or pre-action interrogatories can be ordered against the
Government, whether the present applications ought to be granted. Fourthly,
whether the Plaintiffs are able to obtain pre-action discovery or pre-action
interrogatories in contemplated disciplinary proceedings.

Who are the proper parties in the contemplated proceedings

11 As a preliminary point, I will first address the Plaintiffs’ argument that
public officers should not be given the “special benefit of being shielded
from litigation in cases of personal wrongdoing which is not afforded to
ordinary members of the public.” 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Reply Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 8.3

The Government Proceedings Act (Cap 121, 1985 Rev Ed) (“GPA”) is derived from
the UK Crown Proceedings Act 1947 (c 44) (UK) (“CPA 1947”), as applied to
Singapore in 1965 when Singapore was still part of Malaysia (see Re Fong Thin
Choo [1991] 1 SLR(R) 774 at [16]). Prior to the enactment of the CPA 1947, the
prevailing practice was for the relevant government body to appoint a nominee
defendant in the eventuality of any tortious actions against the Government
(see Adams v Naylor [1946] AC 543 at 549-550, per Viscount Simon). With the
enactment of the CPA 1947, claims in tort or contract could be brought
directly against the Government. The stated aim of the CPA 1947 was to deal
with the very situation where either there was a question as to whether the
identified public officer was acting on his own, or where the particular
wrongdoer cannot be identified (see United Kingdom, House of Lords,
Parliamentary Debates (4 March 1947), vol 146, col 63–64, per The Lord
Chancellor Viscount Jowitt).

12 The CPA 1947 represented “a radical change in the [government’s] liability
in tort, but it does not altogether dispense with a knowledge of the older
principles” (see Glanville Williams, Crown Proceedings: An Account of Civil
Proceedings by and against the Crown as affected by the Crown Proceedings Act
1947 (Stevens & Sons, 1948) at p 16). This point was also echoed by Byron CJ
of Grenada, who stated obiter that the purpose of the CPA 1947 “was to make it
easier for the Crown to be a party to litigation. It was intended to
facilitate, not restrict, the right of the citizen to gain redress against the
government” (see Gairy and another v Attorney General of Grenada [2001] 1 LRC
119 at [11]). Although Byron CJ’s decision was eventually overturned by the
Privy Council in Gairy and another v Attorney General of Grenada [2002] 1 AC
167 on another ground, his observation on the ambit of the CPA 1947 was left
undisturbed. Accordingly, the GPA which finds its roots in the CPA 1947 does
not in and of itself preclude the Plaintiffs from instituting civil
proceedings against the individual public officers who may be involved. In
fact, it can be said that public officers by circumstance of their very
positions are accountable to the public and bound to be subject to public
scrutiny.

13 Reverting to the arguments in the present case, the Plaintiffs may be
justified in submitting that the GPA does not allow the Government to shield
public officers from scrutiny, much less to permit them to act in disregard of
the rule of law. I do not understand the AG to be taking issue with these
propositions. But it is quite another matter to translate them into a general
right to commence civil proceedings against any individual public officer
under any circumstances. It is patently clear that unless the public officers’
actions have been disavowed by the Government, the GPA provides that the
Government is vicariously liable for the tortious acts of its officers.

14 The AG argues correspondingly that in line with Chee Siok Chin v Minister
of Home Affairs [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 at [23], “all civil proceedings against
the Government and/or public office holders have to be commenced against the
AG pursuant to s 19(3) of the GPA.” 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Written Submissions of the AG at para 44

The Plaintiffs, however, argue that the AG’s refusal to accept liability would
mean that the Plaintiffs have to try and find recourse against the public
servants personally, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Written Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 4.7

who could be liable if their actions were considered to have been conducted in
bad faith. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Reply Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 4.3

15 Section 19(3) of the GPA states:

Civil proceedings against the Government shall be instituted against the
appropriate authorised Government department, or, if none of the authorised
Government departments is appropriate or the person instituting the
proceedings has any reasonable doubt whether any and if so which of those
departments is appropriate, against the Attorney-General.

16 As no list of Government departments that have been authorised for the
purposes of the GPA has been published to date in the Gazette under s 19(1) of
the GPA, all civil proceedings against the Government and/or public officers
have to be commenced against the AG. Under s 5 of the GPA, it is further
provided that the Government is liable in tort for any acts or omissions
committed by any public officer, although the scope of this liability extends
only in so far as the public officer was acting or purporting in good faith to
be acting in pursuance of a duty imposed by law.

17 In my view, the law on this issue is well-settled in the Court of Appeal
judgment in AHQ v Attorney-General [2015] 4 SLR 760. Chao Hick Tin JA stated
at [31]:

In Singapore, the general rule is that the Government may be liable for, inter
alia, the tortious acts of its public officers….Put simply, s 5 of the GPA
renders the Government liable for the tortious acts of its public officers in
the same manner as would have been the case if the Government were an ordinary
employer.

18 It would not be appropriate for this Court to allow the Plaintiffs’
applications for pre-action discovery or pre-action interrogatories for the
stated purpose of trying to find recourse against the public servants
personally, as the GPA already provides clear guidance on the party who may be
liable to the Plaintiffs in tort. Furthermore, in the present case, the
Plaintiffs have not asserted that the relevant public officers were not acting
in their capacities as agents of the Government. Indeed, they are unable to do
so, given that the factual context would show that the acts in question were
carried out by the public officers in the course of acting in their official
capacities. Moreover, there is nothing to suggest that the Government has
disavowed their actions. Any contemplated action would lie against the
Government rather than against the public officers in their personal
capacities. That being said, if an element of bad faith on the part of the
public officers can be proved, they may be liable personally, although for the
reasons that I will address in due course, this will not provide the
Plaintiffs an avenue to obtain pre-action discovery or pre-action
interrogatories against the AG at this juncture.

19 I would also note that my observations in the preceding paragraph would
have applied to the issue of the Superintendent having been brought in as the
wrong party to the current proceedings, had the parties not consented to the
Superintendent’s removal.

Whether pre-action discovery or pre-action interrogatories can be ordered
against the Government

20 As noted by the Court of Appeal in Dorsey James Michael v World Sport Group
Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 208 (“Dorsey James”) at [25]–[26], the principles that
underpin both pre-action discovery and pre-action interrogatories are broadly
the same, and both applications seek to achieve the same objectives of saving
of costs and time, in addition to the efficient management of court processes.
For the sake of convenience, I will adopt the same collective nomenclature of
“pre-action disclosures” for both applications.

21 In Dorsey James at [23], VK Rajah JA described pre-action interrogatories
as a unique procedural tool which is peculiar to Singapore and was added to
the Rules in 1993 via O 26A r 1, giving effect to the power of the Court to
order discovery of facts or documents found in para 12 of the First Schedule
to the Supreme Court Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”). In fact,
the First Schedule to the SCJA (including para 12) was itself newly added by
Parliament via the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Bill, passed on
12th April 1993.

22 Following from that, the AG submits that as the 1997 amendments to the GPA
do not expressly provide for pre-action disclosures, both applications as
creatures of statute under para 12 of the First Schedule to the SCJA read with
O 24 r 6(1) and O 26A of the Rules, are not available against the Government
under s 34 of the GPA. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Written Submissions of the AG at para 73–76

23 The second argument put forward by the AG is that the Court’s power to
order discovery or grant leave to serve interrogatories is subject to the
limitations in s 34 of the GPA and s 54 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed) (“IA”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Written Submissions of the AG at para 69

Accordingly, discovery can only be ordered against the Government where there
are “civil proceedings” as defined in s 2 of the GPA, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Written Submissions of the AG at para 71

and as the Plaintiffs’ application is for pre-action discovery and leave to
serve pre-action interrogatories, which occur before proceedings have begun,
both applications would not fall within the definition of “civil proceedings”.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Written Submissions of the AG at para 80-82

24 The Plaintiffs, however, argue that pursuant to s 18 of the GPA, civil law
procedures apply in exactly the same manner to proceedings against the
Government as it does to claims between private citizens. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Written Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 5.2

In turn, the Plaintiffs seek to distinguish the case of Pannir Selvam a/l
Pranthaman v Attorney-General [2020] 3 SLR 796 (“Pannir Selvam”) on the ground
that the case concerned an ex parte application for leave for judicial review
where the Government was not yet a party to proceedings, in contrast to the
present case where an originating summons has already been filed and the AG is
already a party to proceedings.

25 I will first address the AG’s submissions on the effect of the 1997
amendment to s 2(2) of the GPA. Prior to the 1997 amendments to the GPA, the
definition of “civil proceedings” was “proceedings of whatever kind of a civil
nature before a court and includes proceedings for the recovery of fines and
penalties and an application at any stage of a proceeding, but does not
include such proceedings as would in England be brought on the Crown side of
the Queen's Bench Division”. After the amendment, “civil proceedings” are
defined under s 2(2) of the GPA as: “… proceedings of whatever kind of a civil
nature before a court and includes proceedings for judicial review and
recovery of fines and penalties and an application at any stage of a
proceeding…”

26 In considering the interpretation of a statute, it is uncontroversial that
extraneous material in the form of Parliamentary debates on the Bill
containing the legislative provision should be considered, subject to the
provisos stated in Attorney-General v Ting Choon Meng and another appeal
[2017] 1 SLR 373 at [70], that:

(a) the statements had to be clear and unequivocal;

(b) the Court had to guard against the danger of finding itself construing and
interpreting the statements made in Parliament rather than the legislative
provision; and

(c) the statements should be directed to the very point in question.

27 Turning to the relevant Parliamentary debates, at the Second Reading of the
Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Bill (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (25 August 1997) vol 67, at col 1549), the Minister of State
for Law Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee explained:

…Firstly, provisions in various laws are amended to limit the reception of
English laws, practices and procedures into our legal system. At the Second
Reading of the Application of English Law Bill in 1993, the Minister for Law
indicated that there was a need to review our legislation to identify
provisions which still import English Law and practices. The Attorney-
General's Chambers have carried out this review. These amendments, set out in
the First Schedule, will ensure greater certainty in our laws and put them in
a local context…

28 In amending s 2(2) of the GPA, Parliament had plainly sought to amend the
GPA by removing the reference to English law and practices. However, it cannot
be said that the omission of any reference to pre-action disclosures in s 2(2)
of the GPA by itself precludes such applications being made. The enquiry must
extend to consideration of s 34(1) of the GPA as well.

29 I turn now to the AG’s second submission on the effect of s 34(1) of the
GPA and s 54 of the IA. Section 34(1) of the GPA states:

Subject to and in accordance with Rules of Court —

(a) in any civil proceedings in the General Division of the High Court or a
State Court to which the Government is a party, the Government may be required
by the court to make discovery of documents and produce documents for
inspection; and

(b) in any such proceedings as aforesaid, the Government may be required by
the court to answer interrogatories:

…

30 In Pannir Selvam at [22], I had accepted the AG’s submissions that s 34(1)
of the GPA had to be read in accordance with s 54 of the IA, which provides
that “[n]o Act shall in any manner whatsoever affect the rights of the
Government unless it is therein expressly provided, or unless it appears by
necessary implication, that the Government is bound thereby”. Accordingly, I
held that the Government was not a party to civil proceedings at the leave
stage of judicial review, and that s 34(1) of the GPA applied to preclude any
potential order for discovery. Further, in Pannir Selvam at [35], I also held
that subject to the clear limits stipulated in s 34 of the GPA and s 54 of the
IA, the Court should not exercise its inherent powers to order discovery or
grant leave to serve interrogatories.

31 In my view, the reasoning I had adopted in Pannir Selvam would apply with
equal rigour to the current applications for pre-action disclosures, namely,
that s 34(1) of the GPA and s 54 of the IA define the limits for discovery
against the Government.

32 First, it is clear that no substantive action has been commenced against
the Government yet. The OS contains applications seeking specific pre-action
orders. Both O 24 r 6(1) and O 26A r 1 of the Rules contemplate the fact that
both these applications would occur before the commencement of proceedings,
and not during proceedings. O 24 r 6(1) of the Rules states that “[a]n
application for an order for the discovery of documents before the
commencement of proceedings shall be made by originating summons and the
person against whom the order is sought shall be made defendant to the
originating summons [emphasis added]”. O 26A r 1(1) of the Rules states that
“[a]n application for an order to administer interrogatories before the
commencement of proceedings shall be made by originating summons and the
person against whom the order is sought shall be made defendant to the
originating summons [emphasis added]”. I reiterate that by their very nature
and by definition, these are pre-action applications.

33 Second, the fact that pre-action disclosures are not conventional civil
proceedings is reinforced by the observation of the Court of Appeal in
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and others v Celestial Nutrifoods Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation) [2015] 3 SLR 665 at [33], that an application for
leave to serve pre-action interrogatories is not an interlocutory application,
but rather a “limited” application filed for the specific purpose of obtaining
information through the administration of interrogatories and is rendered
spent once dealt with by the Court.

34 Third, in Singapore, there is no express provision for pre-action
disclosures against the Government in either the Rules or s 34 of the GPA. No
contemporaneous amendments to s 34 of the GPA were made when s 2(2) of the GPA
was amended in 1997 to remove the references to English law and practices. I
pause to note that in the case of British Union for the Abolition of
Vivisection v Secretary of State for the Home Department [2014] EWHC 43
(Admin) (“BUAV”), the English High Court held that the court does have such
power to order pre-action disclosures against the Government in judicial
review proceedings, in the absence of clear exclusions of the Court’s power to
do so. While s 28 of the CPA 1947 is in pari materia with s 34 of the GPA,
this case is not applicable to the current proceedings for two simple reasons.
First, the Plaintiffs are no longer seeking pre-action disclosures in respect
of judicial review. Second, and more importantly, the Court in BUAV had not
considered the ambit of the English common law rule that the Government is not
bound by any statutory provision unless by express words or necessary
implication (see Lord Advocate v Dumbarton District Council [1989] 3 WLR 1346
at 1366E, per Lord Keith of Kinkel), which is what s 54 of the IA seeks to
codify.

35 In R (Black) v Secretary of State for Justice [2018] AC 215, a claimant
brought judicial review proceedings against the refusal by the Secretary of
State to allow the reporting of smoking breaches within prison compounds,
which was otherwise required by the Health Act 2006 (c 28) (UK). The claimant
argued that the statute impliedly bound the Crown, or alternatively that the
common law rule that a statutory provision did not bind the Crown save by
express words or necessary implication should be reformulated or revisited.
While stating that there might be a strong case for the UK Parliament to
revisit the rule, a unanimous UK Supreme Court chose to uphold the rule on the
ground that the rule was so well-established that many statutes will have been
drafted and passed on the basis that the Government was not bound except by
express words or necessary implication. Instead of abolishing the rule, the UK
Supreme Court ultimately chose to clarify the rule, with Lady Hale stating:

[36] It is certainly open to this court to clarify the test, even if such
clarification has the effect of modifying the understanding which some, at
least, may have had of it. We can begin with some simple propositions:

(1) The Crown is not bound by a statutory provision except by express words or
necessary implication.

(2) This is not an immunity from liability, strictly so-called, but a rule of
statutory interpretation.

(3) The goal of all statutory interpretation is to discover the intention of
the legislation.

(4) That intention is to be gathered from the words used by Parliament,
considered in the light of their context and their purpose….“A necessary
implication is one which necessarily follows from the express provisions of
the statute construed in their context” must be modified to include the
purpose, as well as the context, of the legislation.

(5) In considering the intention of the legislation, it is not enough that it
is intended for the public good or that it would be even more beneficial for
the public if the Crown were bound.

(6) However, it is not necessary that the purpose of the legislation would be
“wholly frustrated” if the Crown were not bound….

(7) In considering whether the purpose of the Act can be achieved without the
Crown being bound, it is permissible to consider the extent to which the Crown
is likely voluntarily to take action to achieve it. Inaction cannot be
assumed. It may be that the Act’s purpose can as well be achieved by the Crown
exercising its powers properly and in the public interest. But if it cannot,
that is a factor to be taken into account in determining the intention of the
legislation.

36 Bearing in mind the principles stated above, it is my view that in the
absence of any express provision to the contrary, the effect of s 54 of the IA
is that s 34 of the GPA defines and limits the scope of disclosures available
against the Government. This is also consistent with O 73 r 10 of the Rules,
by which the Court’s powers to order either discovery or leave to serve
interrogatories against the Government are expressly premised upon s 34 of the
GPA.

37 Fourth, in Pannir Selvam at [44] and [55], I had highlighted the risk of
potentially frivolous applications for discovery even before a prima facie
case were made out. In my view, if pre-action disclosures could be ordered
against the Government, it would conceivably create a situation where it could
be easier to obtain information from the Government via pre-action disclosures
than via the conventional discovery processes associated with judicial review.
Not only would this result potentially open the floodgates to actions seeking
pre-action disclosures against the Government, it would also be plainly
inconsistent with the holding in Dorsey James at [49], that “[p]re-action
disclosure, while not exceptional, is not usual.” Evidently, the concern over
such applications becoming commonplace was one of the reasons why the English
High Court in BUAV at [56] ultimately declined to exercise its power to order
pre-action disclosure against the government authority even though it held
that it had the jurisdiction to do so.

38 In summary, the complete scope of disclosures against the Government is
governed and limited by what is expressly provided in s 34(1) of the GPA and s
54 of the IA. Accordingly, pre-action disclosures are excluded from this scope
as they are not expressly provided for, and do not fall within the definition
of civil proceedings for the purposes of ss 2(2) and 34 of the GPA.

Whether pre-action disclosures may be ordered in the present proceedings

39 Following from my decision that pre-action disclosures are not available
against the Government, the Plaintiffs’ application necessarily fails.
Nevertheless, for completeness, I shall proceed to consider whether on the
substantive merits of the Plaintiffs’ case, their applications for pre-action
discovery and leave to serve interrogatories ought to be granted.

Pre-action discovery

40 It has been established by the Court of Appeal in Ching Mun Fong v Standard
Chartered Bank [2012] 4 SLR 185 (“Ching Mun Fong”) at [18], that:

It would be apparent from O 24 r 6(3) and r 7 that the applicant must satisfy
both the requirements of relevance (r 6(3)) and necessity (r 7) to succeed in
an application for pre-action discovery. These are two separate and distinct
requirements. However, there is a degree of tension in the way these two rules
are formulated. Rule 6(3)(a) requires that an applicant possess grounds for
making the application as well as the material facts pertaining to an intended
claim. Rule 6(3)(b) presupposes that an applicant knows the issues which are
likely to arise out of the possible claim in requiring that the relevance of
the documents sought to be disclosed be shown. In contrast, r 7 states that
discovery is to be ordered only if necessary and this appears to suggest that
there is some gap in the knowledge of the applicant which must be filled…
[emphasis added]

41 The AG submits that consequent to the Court’s observations on O 24 r
6(3)(b) in Ching Mun Fong, the Plaintiffs are obliged to demonstrate a clear
nexus between the documents and interrogatories sought, and the issues which
are likely to arise out of the proceedings they indicate they are
contemplating. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Written Submissions of the AG at para 31

In my view, the Court in Ching Mun Fong was merely making an observation as to
the tensions that exist between O 24 r 6(3)(b) and r 7. The Court in Ching Mun
Fong went on to state at [23] that:

…the scheme of pre-action discovery is to accommodate the situation where a
potential plaintiff does not have sufficient facts to commence proceedings.
This is consistent with its purpose being to allow a potential plaintiff to
determine whether he has a “good cause of action”. It follows that pre-action
discovery is unnecessary where an individual is in a position to commence
proceedings…

42 Pre-action discovery was instituted precisely to address a situation where
the potential plaintiff has insufficient facts to commence proceedings, and to
require the applicant to show a clear nexus between the information sought and
the issues that might arise out of potential proceedings would risk defeating
the very rationale for pre-action discovery. However, what logically follows
is that pre-action discovery is unnecessary when the potential plaintiffs
already have sufficient facts to commence proceedings. As observed by Chao
Hick Tin JA in Ching Mun Fong at [28], to suggest otherwise would “effectively
render otiose the provisions for the normal discovery following the
commencement of action”.

43 In this regard, it is noted that the AG has already made disclosures of all
the Plaintiffs’ correspondence received by the AGC in addition to disclosing
that it had requested and did receive the correspondence of the 1st Plaintiff,
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mr Kumar’s 1st affidavit at para 25

as well as the 12th Plaintiff. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mr Kumar’s 2nd affidavit at para 12

In addition, it has also been categorically affirmed that the AG did not “use
such correspondence, or otherwise gain any advantage, in any legal proceedings
against the Plaintiffs”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mr Kumar’s 1st affidavit at para 26; Mr Kumar’s 2nd affidavit at para 13

44 In my view, the voluntary disclosures made by the AG already provide the
Plaintiffs with sufficient documents and information to mount their
contemplated claims as they may deem fit, whether for declaratory relief or
premised on tort. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Ravi’s 1st affidavit at para 8

For the sake of completeness, I will address the Plaintiffs’ contemplated
claims in tort based on misfeasance in public office, breach of statutory
duty, as well as breach of the common law duty of care.

(1) Misfeasance in public office

45 As stated by the Court in Lines International Holding (S) Pte Ltd v
Singapore Tourist Promotion Board and another [1997] 1 SLR(R) 52 at [138], the
tort of misfeasance in public office is in essence an act done by a public
officer or public body where:

(a) the act is done maliciously or with the knowledge that it is ultra vires
the power of the public body;

(b) it is foreseeable that the act would cause damage to the plaintiffs; and

(c) the act actually does cause damage to the plaintiffs.

46 The Plaintiffs are in possession of the material that had been disclosed by
the SPS to the AGC and are in a position to know the extent of damage, if any,
that they have suffered as a result. Further, as the AG had clarified, there
is no dispute that there can be a cause of action for misfeasance in public
office. What is disputed is whether the Plaintiffs have shown that an
actionable duty of care exists in relation to their contemplated claim against
the AG, its agents or officers.

47 I would make the observation here that in a similar case concerning prison
officers who had opened a prisoner’s mail in breach of prison rules, the House
of Lords had held that the tort of misfeasance in public office was not
actionable without proof of material damage, notwithstanding the fact that
several of the prison officers were found to have acted in bad faith (see
Watkins v Secretary of State for the Home Department and others [2006] 2 AC
395 at [26]–[27], per Lord Bingham of Cornhill). Even if it is accepted that
the Plaintiffs do not have any evidence of malice or knowledge that the act
was ultra vires on the part of the AG (or its officers), that does not prevent
the Plaintiffs from bringing a claim against the AG or asking for discovery of
relevant information after commencement of proceedings. As stated in Ching Mun
Fong at [40], the information in pre-action discovery is to enable the
applicant to formulate his/her pleadings, and not for the purpose of allowing
the applicant to determine his/her chance of success.

(2) Breach of statutory duty

48 Turning to the Plaintiffs’ contemplated claim in breach of statutory duty,
the relevant principles may be found in the House of Lords decision in X
(Minors) v Bedfordshire County Council [1995] 2 AC 633 at 731, which were
endorsed by the High Court in Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ),
Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and
another suit [2009] 4 SLR(R) 788 at [211] and MCST Plan No 3322 v Mer Vue
Developments Pte Ltd and others (King Wan Construction Pte Ltd and others,
third parties) [2016] 2 SLR 793 at [123]. Whether a private right of action
arises under the statute which was allegedly breached is dependent on whether
Parliament intended to impose a statutory duty for the protection of a limited
class of the public (to which the Plaintiffs belong), as well as to confer on
members of that limited class a private right of action for breach of that
duty. That there has been a breach of the relevant provisions in the Prisons
Act and the Regulations is not in question, as has been determined by the
Court of Appeal in Gobi (JR). However, in order to establish that a private
right of action exists for a breach of statutory duty, the Court of Appeal in
Tan Juay Pah v Kimly Construction Pte Ltd and others [2012] 2 SLR 549 has
stated at [54]:

… [T]he party seeking to establish that a private right of action exists for a
breach of statutory duty must show that Parliament, in imposing the statutory
duty in question to protect the members of a class, intended those members to
have such a right of action. Here, it must also be borne in mind that such
right is not immediately established just because a statute is intended to
protect a particular class of persons. Ordinarily, something more is required
to demonstrate a statutory intention to confer a private right of action. In
matters where the statute’s objective is to protect the public in general,
exceptionally clear language will be required before an intention to confer a
private remedy for a breach of statutory duty can be established…

49 With reference to the second limb of the tort, the Plaintiffs accept that
whether the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“LPA”), the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct Rules) 2015 (Cap 161, S 706/2015) (“PCR”),
the Prisons Act or the Regulations would give rise to a private right of
action is a question yet to be determined by the courts. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Reply Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 5.1

In this regard, I do not see how establishing the identities of involved
public officers or their purported intentions in their confidential
communications would be necessary and useful to the Plaintiffs for the purpose
of formulating their claim or for supporting their contention that a “private
law cause of action” does exist. In any event, the Plaintiffs have already
been furnished with all the relevant documents and correspondence which had
been transmitted to the AGC.

(3) Breach of common law duty of care

50 In the alternative, the Plaintiffs also argue that the AGC’s legal officers
have breached the common law duty of care based either on statutory duties
under the LPA and the PCR 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Written Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 4.5; Reply Submissions of the
Plaintiffs at para 5.8

or on a general duty to make decisions and conduct themselves with honesty,
integrity and in accordance with the law for the benefit of those directly
affected by their conduct. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Reply Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 5.3

These alleged breaches arose by virtue of unlawfully seeking or encouraging
the disclosure of the personal or privileged correspondence of the Plaintiffs.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Reply Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 5.7

51 It is not the AG’s position that the AGC’s officers owe no duty to make
their decisions with due care, honesty, integrity and in accordance with the
law. Nonetheless, the AG contended that the duty of care on the part of the
AGC’s legal officers only extends to a duty to ensure due and proper
administration of justice and that the Plaintiffs’ attempt to stretch the
extent of the duty of care into a tortious claim against the Government is
unprincipled and without authority.

52 It is well-settled that the decision of Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v
Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”) has
established the framework for the imposition of a duty of care in negligence
claims in Singapore. This is a two-stage test comprising of, first, proximity
and, second, policy considerations, preceded by the threshold question of
factual foreseeability. In this connection, Professor Gary Chan has observed
that it would not be inconsistent with the Spandeck framework to impose a duty
of care on the basis of statutory duties (Gary Chan, “Finding common law duty
of care from statutory duties: All within the Anns framework” (2016) Tort Law
Review 24(1) 14). If this same argument is applied, having regard to the AG’s
acceptance that its legal officers do owe a duty to ensure the due and proper
administration of justice, it may be arguable that a duty of care may arise
under the Spandeck framework. This possibly finds some support in TV Media Pte
Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi and another appeal [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543, where the
Court of Appeal opined obiter at [68] that a government body could possibly be
held liable in negligence for breach of its statutory duties. Nevertheless,
the weight of the common law authorities suggests that a duty owed to the
public at large does not extend to a private law duty of care owed to
individual members of the public (see Michael and others v Chief Constable of
South Wales Police and another (Refuge and others intervening) [2015] AC 1732
at [114]-[116], [128], per Lord Toulson JSC).

53 I should clarify that my observations above on a possible duty of care owed
by the legal officers of AGC premised on the Spandeck framework are tentative
at best. Full arguments were not canvassed before me and apart from Spandeck,
none of the authorities I have mentioned in the preceding paragraph were
cited. In any event, and as the AG has rightly submitted and the Plaintiffs
agree, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Reply Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 5.8

this is not an issue that has to be determined at this juncture. As I have
noted at [44] above, the Plaintiffs are already able to mount their tortious
claims, whether in negligence or otherwise, and I would thus arrive at the
same conclusion that it is neither necessary nor relevant to identify the
individual public officers.

Pre-action interrogatories

54 In Dorsey James, VK Rajah JA held at [47] that:

As such, beyond the obvious threshold of relevance, it is clear that necessity
(as set out in O 26A r 2) remains the main cornerstone in determining whether
pre-action interrogatories will be ordered: are the pre-action interrogatories
applied for necessary for the claimant to ascertain if his cause of action is
viable? The jurisdiction by its very nature requires the court to acknowledge
that some measure of imprecision in mapping out factual contours is
permissible. Yet, at the same time it must be borne in mind that this
jurisdiction cannot be overstretched to allow claimants to sniff around for
potential causes of action which are still at an amorphous, undefined stage.
Nor can the procedure be employed for collateral reasons that suggest the
commencement of proceedings is not the key consideration that underpins the
relevant application. As much as O 26A r 1(3)(b) states that reference to “any
pleading served or intended to be served in the proceedings” should be made
only “if practicable”, we would only make the obvious observation that the
clearer the cause of action that a claimant is able to put before the court,
the easier it is to ascertain the relevance and necessity of the pre-action
interrogatories to those proceedings. In other words, the claimant’s “real
interest” (per Lord Wilberforce in British Steel at 1173F) in suing the
parties on whom information is sought about must be made apparent to the
court, and is always a highly relevant consideration. [emphasis in original]

55 In Dorsey James at [78], the Court declined to order pre-action
interrogatories on the ground that they were not necessary as there already
was a complete cause of action which the applicants could choose to pursue,
stating that “pre-action interrogatories are by nature intrusive, and should
only be ordered when it is clearly just to do so.” In my view, as I had
earlier explained, the Plaintiffs may potentially have a cause of action
against the Government through a civil action filed against the AG. For the
same reasons set out above, I do not see how the Plaintiffs’ pre-action
interrogatories which are meant to identify individual public servants for the
purpose of individual liability are either necessary or relevant.

Disclosure of privileged documents and contemplated disciplinary proceedings

56 Finally, I briefly address the Plaintiffs’ arguments that the AGC’s legal
officers had breached rules of litigation privilege, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Reply Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 5.12

yet the Plaintiffs lack the necessary information to make complaints against
the individual public officers for the purpose of initiating disciplinary
proceedings. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Reply Submissions of the Plaintiffs at para 4.3(iii)

It was argued before me by the AG that pre-action disclosures only apply to
civil proceedings and not to disciplinary proceedings which are quasi-criminal
in nature.

57 In Then Khek Khoon and another v Arjun Permanand Samtani and another [2012]
2 SLR 451 (“Then Khek Khoon”), in a dispute over the quantum of damages to be
paid, the defendant sought an order to restrain the plaintiff’s solicitors on
the ground that the plaintiff’s solicitors who had prepared certain invoices
would be in breach of the relevant rules against conflicts of interest in the
PCR. Quentin Loh J (as he then was) dismissed the application on the ground
that the proper forum for investigating and determining an alleged breach of
the PCR was the Law Society rather than the court, unless the breach triggered
a concurrent breach of legal obligations owed by counsel to the court or to
the client at common law. Loh J went on to further state at [22], that where
“matters impinge on the proper administration of justice, due process and
wider public interest issues, the court should intervene”.

58 While I accept that in the present case, the matters at hand involve
questions as to the proper administration of justice, due process and wider
public interest, it would appear that the intervention Loh J had adverted to
in Then Kek Khoon was in the context where the trial or substantive matter had
yet to be litigated. That is not the case here, as the Plaintiffs’ respective
trials and appeals have been heard and concluded before the appropriate fora.

59 In my view, the proper forum for the disciplinary proceedings alluded to by
the Plaintiffs is the Law Society’s Disciplinary Tribunal, and the prescribed
procedure can be found in the Legal Profession (Disciplinary Tribunal) Rules
(Cap 161, R 2, 2010 Rev Ed). Furthermore, as stated by VK Rajah JA in Low Chai
Ling v Singapore Medical Council [2013] 1 SLR 83 at [29], “[a]s disciplinary
proceedings are quasi-criminal in nature, a disciplinary tribunal has to adopt
procedures and practices which ordinarily prevail in criminal trials.”
Accordingly, I agree with the AG that the pre-action disclosures the
Plaintiffs seek are not available in the current civil proceedings.

Conclusion

60 For the reasons above, I am of the view that the Plaintiffs are precluded
from applying for pre-action discovery and pre-action interrogatories against
the AG. Further or in the alternative, I find that the pre-action disclosures
sought against the AG are neither necessary nor relevant. The Plaintiffs’
application for pre-action discovery and leave to serve pre-action
interrogatories against the AG is therefore dismissed.

61 In any event, the applications brought by the 4th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 16th,
17th, 20th, 21st and 22nd Plaintiffs would have been dismissed since it is
undisputed that no correspondence was sought by the AG or forwarded by the SPS
(see above at [7]).

62 I shall hear the parties’ submissions on costs.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court |   
---|---  
  
Ravi s/o Madasamy (Carson Law Chambers) for the plaintiffs;

Tan Chee Meng SC, Leo Zhen Wei Lionel and Deya Shankar Dubey (WongPartnership
LLP) for the first defendant;

Vergis S Abraham SC and Lau Hui Ming Kenny (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the
second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Mar 2021 (09:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

