Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 224

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9001 of 2021

Between

| Rafael Voltaire Alzate  
---|---  
|  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark Sentences]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rafael Voltaire Alzate

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2021] SGHC 224

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9001 of 2021  
Sundaresh Menon CJ  
27 July 2021

28 September 2021

Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Introduction

1 After a night of drinking, the appellant, Rafael Voltaire Alzate (“Alzate”),
made an aborted attempt to ride his motorcycle out of a basement carpark.
Alzate struggled with his motorcycle as he attempted, unsuccessfully, to exit
the carpark where he had left his motorcycle, intending to ride home. He fell
and was unable to lift his motorcycle. As it turned out, this was fortunate
for him because he was in fact intoxicated at that time. He was eventually
discovered, charged, convicted and sentenced to a fine and to a
disqualification order by a District Judge (the “District Judge”): see Public
Prosecutor v Rafael Voltaire Alzate [2021] SGDC 32 (the “Judgment”).

2 Alzate paid the fine and his principal contention in this appeal was that
there were “special reasons” owing to which, a disqualification order should
not be imposed on him. Having heard submissions from both parties, I found
that there was nothing special in his reasons that would justify displacing
the disqualification order. I therefore dismissed the appeal, and now explain
the grounds for my decision.

Facts

3 Alzate is a 44-year old Singaporean male. He worked as a lecturer at ITE
College East from 2009 to 2019 and served as the Head of Enterprise for its
Enterprise Development Centre. On 11 June 2020, Alzate met one of his former
students from ITE College East, in order to counsel him on the management of
his business.

4 His former student appreciated Alzate’s kindness and brought some whiskey as
a gesture of gratitude. They started drinking at about 9 pm and stopped at
about 1 am on 12 June 2020. Alzate apparently imbibed about three or four
glasses of whiskey.

5 Alzate had ridden his motorcycle to ITE College East for the meeting at
about 5pm and parked it at the basement carpark. After the meeting, he
attempted to ride his motorcycle home. As the District Judge put it, this was
a “poor decision on his part”: Judgment at [5]. In his state of intoxication,
he managed to start his motorcycle and to ride it a short distance within the
carpark but he failed to reach the exit. The CCTV footage showed that he lost
his balance and fell to the ground together with his motorcycle; he was then
unable to lift his motorcycle up and so could not proceed.

6 When the police arrived at the scene at about 1.28am on 12 June 2020, the
officer noted that Alzate “reeked strongly of alcohol”. The officer
administered a preliminary breath test which Alzate failed, and he was then
arrested and escorted to the station for a Breath Analyzing Device (“BAD”)
test. The BAD test was conducted that morning at about 3.31am; it revealed
that Alzate’s breath contained 62 microgrammes of alcohol in every 100
millilitres of breath.

7 Alzate was charged for drink driving under s 67(1)(b) read with s 67(2)(a)
of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”), as follows:

You are charged that you, on 12 June 2020, at about 1.28 a.m., along the
carpark of ‘ITE East College’ off Simei Avenue, Singapore, whilst riding
motorcycle FBN84K, did have so much alcohol in your body that the proportion
of it in your breath, to wit, not less than 62 microgrammes of alcohol in 100
millilitres of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit of 35 microgrammes of
alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, and you have thereby committed an
offence under Section 67(1)(b) and punishable under Section 67(1) read with
Section 67(2)(a) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed).

[emphasis in original]

8 He pleaded guilty to the charge and the District Judge sentenced him to a
fine of $4,000 and a disqualification period of 30 months. Dissatisfied with
the imposition of the disqualification order, Alzate filed a notice of appeal
on the same day. Alzate paid the fine and the District Judge granted a stay of
execution on the disqualification order pending the outcome of the appeal.

The District Judge’s decision

9 Before the District Judge, the Prosecution had sought the imposition of a
fine of $4,000 and a disqualification from holding or obtaining all classes of
driving license (“DQAC”) for a period of 30 months, relying on Edwin s/o Suse
Nathen v Public Prosecutor [2013] 4 SLR 1139 (“Edwin Suse”): Judgment at [18].

10 The Defence took no issue with the proposed fine: Judgment at [22]. It
submitted, however, that the court should exercise its discretion not to
impose any disqualification prescribed under s 67(1)(a) of the RTA for the
following reasons (Judgment at [25]–[33]):

(a) Alzate’s personal circumstances: he had been acting in an altruistic
endeavour at the time by guiding his former student in his business even
though he was no longer with ITE College East.

(b) There were special reasons in this case:

(i) Alzate was, in fact, acting responsibly by waiting next to his fallen
motorcycle.

(A) He had only ridden a short distance of approximately 52.9m within the
carpark, at which point he realised that he should not continue to ride his
motorcycle;

(B) After he lost his balance and fell with the motorcycle, he attempted to
seek help to lift his motorcycle but there was no one else in the carpark;

(C) He had exited the carpark on foot to seek help but to no avail. He could
not abandon the motorcycle as it would have caused an obstruction, and it
could also have been a danger to others because of the spillage of fuel.

(ii) Alzate’s act had not endangered anyone since nobody else had been at the
carpark at the material time.

(iii) Alzate made the conscious decision not to ride out from the carpark and
onto the road. He, in fact, had no intention to ride home once he realised
that he was in no condition to do so.

11 The Defence also relied on a number of cases, namely: (a) Toh Yong Soon v
Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 147 (“Toh Yong Soon”) at [5]; (b) Prathib s/o M
Balan v Public Prosecutor [2018] 3 SLR 1066 (“Prathib”) at [11]; (c) Muhammad
Faizal Bin Rahim v Public Prosecutor [2012] 1 SLR 116 (“Muhammad Faizal”) at
[42]; (d) Coombs v Kehoe [1972] 1 WLR 797 (“Coombs”) and (e) Chatters v Burke
[1986] 1 WLR 1321 (“Chatters”). When questioned by the District Judge as to
their relevance, however, the Defence accepted that these decisions were not
applicable to the present case or otherwise of assistance.

12 The District Judge nonetheless considered the cases and observed that, as
stated in Muhammad Faizal, “special reasons” should be narrowly interpreted,
so that it was only reasons connected with the offence and not with the
offender that should be considered: Judgment at [51]. Toh Yong Soon, Prathib
and Coombs were of no assistance to the Defence because no special reasons
were found in any of those cases: Judgment at [52]–[54]. As for Chatters, it
was not binding and could, in any event, also be distinguished on the facts
because there was an urgent need for the accused person in that case to drive
a short distance: Judgment at [54]–[57].

13 The District Judge also had regard to three other cases, namely: (a) Roland
Joseph George John v Public Prosecutor [1995] SGHC 245 (“Roland Joseph”); (b)
Sivakumar s/o Rajoo v Public Prosecutor [2002] SGHC 28 (“Sivakumar”); and (c)
Cheong Wai Keong v Public Prosecutor [2005] SGHC 126 (“Cheong Wai Keong”). In
particular, the District Judge noted that in Cheong Wai Keong, Yong Pung How
CJ had pointed out that the English cases such as Coombs and Chatters were not
helpful in guiding the approach that we should take. In those cases, regard
had been had to the distance travelled and to whether there was other traffic
at the time, in coming to a decision as to whether or not the prescribed
period of disqualification should be imposed or could be reduced: Judgment at
[65]. Yong CJ considered that this would be difficult to apply and instead
considered that a simple rule would be more workable and thus preferable; that
simple rule being that a person who is convicted of drink driving should
presumptively be disqualified. The courts would otherwise find it an
impossible task to consider the significance of various distances in deciding
whether to dispense with or reduce the period of disqualification. The
presumptive rule could be departed from where “special reasons” exist, but it
would be for the accused person to establish this and the relative shortness
of the distance travelled would not in itself typically constitute a “special
reason”: Judgment at [66].

14 Ultimately, the District Judge concluded that there were no special reasons
that justified not imposing the prescribed disqualification order in this
case. This was because (Judgment at [69]–[75]):

(a) Alzate had, of his own volition, consumed a considerable amount of
alcohol, and there was no justification at all for him to attempt to ride his
motorcycle.

(b) The fact that he had only driven for a short distance within the carpark
did not constitute a special reason, as was held in Cheong Wai Keong.

(c) The salient fact is that Alzate did attempt to ride home and the main
reason he did not get very far was because he was too drunk and had lost his
balance as a result.

(d) His professed intention to abandon the plan to ride home was irrelevant.
Furthermore, it was untenable for Alzate to suggest that he had changed his
mind about riding home, when in fact he was not able to do so.

(e) The contention that any potential harm was low at that time of the morning
could not possibly be a special reason.

(f) The fact that Alzate may have been acting altruistically on a mission to
help a former student also could not amount to special reason.

15 In respect of the sentence to be imposed, the Prosecution submitted (and
the District Judge agreed) that the Edwin Suse framework for drink driving
where no other damage or injury is caused should be modified in view of the
2019 amendments to the the RTA. Relying on the Prosecution’s submissions, the
District Judge arrived at a revised framework as follows (Judgment at [77]):

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

16 Applying that framework, the District Judge found that Alzate’s alcohol
level (62 μg/100ml of breath fell within the lower end of the second band.
Accordingly, the District Judge agreed with the Prosecution’s submission that
the disqualification period should be 30 months: Judgment at [78]. The
District Judge also noted that Alzate accepted the appropriateness of the
$4,000 fine (which would fall within the lower end of band 2): Judgment at
[79], though he evidently did not accept that the accompanying
disqualification was appropriate.

The appellant’s submissions

17 In his submissions, Alzate repeated several of the points he had raised
before the District Judge, including the fact that he had ridden only a short
distance within the carpark, that he could not be expected to have abandoned
his vehicle, and that he was a socially responsible person on an altruistic
endeavour.

18 Additionally, he submitted that the District Judge had misdirected herself
by failing to recognise that there was a “special reason” in this case, in
that Alzate had only ridden a short distance in an empty carpark, and did not
intend to ride onto the public road. On this basis, the cases that the
District Judge had relied on, including Roland Joseph and Sivakumar, were said
to be distinguishable because the accused persons in those cases had driven on
public roads. Similarly, Cheong Wai Keong was also said to be distinguishable
because the appellant in that case had driven on a public road before entering
the carpark.

19 Alzate accepted that Coombs establishes that the shortness of the distance
that had been travelled would not in itself be a sufficient ground for
displacing the prescribed disqualification order. However, he contended that
this had to be seen in conjunction with other factors, such as the fact that
there was no possibility of his coming into contact with or causing harm or
injury to others, and also that the applicable traffic conditions meant that
no danger was posed to any others. This approach was said to be consistent
with that in Chatters. In any case, the District Judge was said to have failed
to appreciate that although the English cases were not binding on her, they
were nonetheless persuasively reasoned and ought therefore to have been
followed.

The Prosecution’s submissions

20 The Prosecution, on the other hand, submitted that the appeal was baseless
for several reasons. First, the District Judge was correct in holding that
“special reasons” should be narrowly construed. This has been made clear in
Prathib and Muhammad Faizal.

21 Second, the fact that only a short distance had been travelled does not
constitute a special reason. That precise issue was considered in Cheong Wai
Keong, and the court had expressly stated at [16] that “the distance travelled
did not constitute a ‘special reason’ as such”. Furthermore, as had been noted
by the District Judge, the only reason Alzate had travelled just a short
distance was because he was so inebriated that he could not control his
motorcycle properly.

22 Third, it was wholly untenable for Alzate to suggest that it was possible
to distinguish between locations where one might drink and drive without
having to face the full force of the law. Such an argument was without legal
basis and the language of s 67(1) of the RTA clearly states that it is an
offence for a person to drink and drive “on a road or any public place”. The
Court could not be expected to differentiate the consequences based on the
precise location where or time when the offence was committed.

23 Fourth, Alzate’s assertion that he had no intention to ride onto a public
road was inconsistent with his mitigation plea, in which he had expressly
asserted that he intended to ride home but changed his mind after realising he
was “too tipsy”. In any case, his subjective intentions could not constitute a
“special reason”. The District Judge was, in any case, correct to treat this
claim with some circumspection because the screenshots of the CCTV footage
showed that Alzate was in fact unable to ride home; the corollary of this had
to be that if he had not felt too tipsy, he would have gone ahead and ridden
his motorcycle home.

24 Finally, the English authorities did not aid Alzate. Cheong Wai Keong had
expressly rejected the approach taken in Chatters and Coombs. Further,
Chatters was distinguishable because there was an urgent need for the accused
person to drive and further because it was clear on the evidence that the
accused person in that case had no intention to drive any further than was
necessary.

My decision

The relevant statutory provisions

25 Section 67 of the RTA reads as follows:

Driving while under influence of drink or drugs

67.—(1) Any person who, when driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on
a road or other public place —

(a) is unfit to drive in that he is under the influence of drink or of a drug
or an intoxicating substance to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of such vehicle; or

(b) has so much alcohol in his body that the proportion of it in his breath or
blood exceeds the prescribed limit,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of
not less than $2,000 and not more than $10,000 or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding 12 months or to both and, in the case of a second or subsequent
conviction, to a fine of not less than $5,000 and not more than $20,000 and to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years.

(2) Subject to sections 64(2D) and (2E) and 65(6) and (7), a court convicting
a person for an offence under this section in the following cases is to,
unless the court for special reasons thinks fit to not order or to order
otherwise, order that the person be disqualified from holding or obtaining a
driving licence for a period of not less than the specified period
corresponding to that case, starting on the date of the person’s conviction
or, where the person is sentenced to imprisonment, on the date of the person’s
release from prison:

(a) for a first offender — 2 years;

(b) for a repeat offender — 5 years.

(2A) Subject to sections 64(2D) and (2E) and 65(6) and (7), where a court
convicts a person for an offence under subsection (1) and the person has been
convicted (whether before, on or after the date of commencement of section 17
of the Road Traffic (Amendment) Act 2019) on 2 or more earlier occasions of an
offence under subsection (1), section 68, or subsection (1) as in force
immediately before the date of commencement of section 17 of the Road Traffic
(Amendment) Act 2019, the court is to, unless the court for special reasons
thinks fit to order a shorter period of disqualification, order that the
person be disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for life
starting on the date of the person’s conviction.

(3) Any police officer may arrest without warrant any person committing an
offence under this section.

(4) In this section, a repeat offender means a person who is convicted of an
offence under this section and who has been convicted (whether before, on or
after the date of commencement of section 17 of the Road Traffic (Amendment)
Act 2019) on one other earlier occasion of —

(a) an offence under subsection (1) or section 68; or

(b) an offence under subsection (1) as in force immediately before the date of
commencement of section 17 of the Road Traffic (Amendment) Act 2019.

The legislative changes and the appropriate framework

26 The present iteration of the offence under s 67 of the RTA was enacted on 1
November 2019, following the passing of the Road Traffic (Amendment) Act 2019
(Act 27 of 2019) (the “Amendment Act”). The reforms introduced through the
Amendment Act were aimed at providing stronger deterrence against
irresponsible driving and to tighten the regulatory regime against
irresponsible driving: Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (8
July 2019) vol 94. Specifically, in relation to the offence of drink driving,
Second Minister for Home Affairs, Mrs Josephine Teo explained as follows:

… Drivers who are drunk or drug-impaired show a blatant disregard for the
safety of other road users. … Currently, such motorists typically face the
same maximum penalties as other motorists who cause accidents. The judge may
take into consideration that the offender was driving under influence during
the sentencing itself. But it would be clearer to have our intentions codified
in law. In fact, our intention is for offenders driving under influence to
face stiffer penalties to signal the aggravated seriousness of their actions.

…

… during the public engagement process, respondents felt that even a
standalone driving under influence offence where no accident is caused, should
attract higher penalties to better reflect its gravity.

We agree with this view. The consumption of alcohol or drugs already makes a
motorist a danger to other road users. Section 67 in Clause 17 of the Bill
will raise the penalties to about double the current levels. We will also
raise the existing minimum DQ period to two years for first-time driving under
influence offenders and five years for second-time driving under influence
offenders. A lifelong disqualification will be imposed on third-time driving
under influence offenders.

[emphasis added]

27 In keeping with Parliament’s intention, significant changes were also made
to the punishments prescribed under s 67 of the previous version of the RTA
(the “2019 RTA”), which read as follows:

Driving while under influence of drink or drugs

67.—(1) Any person who, when driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle on
a road or other public place —

(a) is unfit to drive in that he is under the influence of drink or of a drug
or an intoxicating substance to such an extent as to be incapable of having
proper control of such vehicle; or

(b) has so much alcohol in his body that the proportion of it in his breath or
blood exceeds the prescribed limit,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine of
not less than $1,000 and not more than $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding 6 months and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction,
to a fine of not less than $3,000 and not more than $10,000 and to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months.

(2) A person convicted of an offence under this section shall, unless the
court for special reasons thinks fit to order otherwise and without prejudice
to the power of the court to order a longer period of disqualification, be
disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for a period of not
less than 12 months from the date of his conviction or, where he is sentenced
to imprisonment, from the date of his release from prison.

(3) Any police officer may arrest without warrant any person committing an
offence under this section.

28 An issue therefore arises as to the framework that should apply in the
light of these changes. The sentencing framework set out in Edwin Suse (the
“Edwin Suse Framework”) has guided sentencing courts in cases of driving under
the influence for the past eight years. The Edwin Suse Framework is as
follows:

Level of alcohol (μg per 100ml of breath)| Range of fines| Range of
disqualification  
---|---|---  
35–54| $1000–$2000| 12–18 months  
55–69| $2000–$3000| 18–24 months  
70–89| $3000–$4000| 24–36 months  
≥ 90 | >$4,000| 36–48 months  
  
29 The penalties for an offence under s 67(1)(b) have been increased
significantly following the 2019 statutory amendments, reflecting Parliament’s
view that there is a need for even greater deterrence against drink driving.
Prior to the amendment, s 67(1)(b) provided that a first offender would be
liable on conviction to a fine of not less than $1000 and not more than $5000
or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months. Section 67(2) also
provided for a disqualification period of not less than 12 months. Following
the amendment, s 67(1)(b) now provides that a first offender would be liable
on conviction to a fine of not less than $2000 and not more than $10,000, or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both. Section 67(2)
provides for a disqualification period of two years. In short, the entire
range of the sentencing options was doubled following the amendments.

30 As a result, the District Judge suggests that the applicable framework
should now be as follows:

Level of alcohol (μg per 100ml of breath)| Range of fines| Range of
disqualification  
---|---|---  
35–54| $2000–$4000| 24–30 months  
55–69| $4000–$6000| 30–36 months  
70–89| $6000–$8000| 36–48 months  
≥ 90 | > $8000| 48–60 months (or longer)  
  
31 In my judgment, the framework proposed by the District Judge appropriately
adjusts that which was laid down in Edwin Suse in order to utilise the full
range of the increased statutory penalties that are now provided for under s
67(1)(b) of the RTA. Two minor adjustments, however, should be made. First,
given that the current prescribed alcohol limit under s 67(1)(b) stands at 35
microgrammes per 100 millilitres of breath, the sentencing bands should begin
with the level of alcohol at 36 microgrammes per 100 millilitres of breath.
Second, in relation to the fines where the detected concentration of alcohol
is more than or equal to 90 microgrammes, the range should be between $8,000
to $10,000, given that s 67(1) that states that the fine imposed shall be “not
more than $10,000”. These changes are reflected in the framework as such:

Level of alcohol (μg per 100ml of breath)| Range of fines| Range of
disqualification  
---|---|---  
36–54| $2000–$4000| 24–30 months  
55–69| $4000–$6000| 30–36 months  
70–89| $6000–$8000| 36–48 months  
≥ 90 | $8000–$10000| 48–60 months (or longer)  
  
32 I make two additional points in relation to the application of this
framework. First, this framework, like the one set out in Edwin Suse, is only
applicable where no harm to person or property has eventuated (see Stansilas
Fabian Kester v Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 755 at [76]).

33 Second, it should nevertheless be borne in mind that this framework
provides only neutral starting points based on the relative seriousness of the
offence and considering only the level of alcohol in the offender’s body.
Regard should still be had to any aggravating or mitigating circumstances (see
Edwin Suse at [22]), and the former, if they exist, could result in the
custodial threshold being crossed. In the same vein, the presumptive range of
the period of disqualification to be imposed under the last band should be 48
to 60 months given that the period of 60 months is the statutorily prescribed
minimum disqualification period for a repeat offender; this, however, may be
exceeded should the circumstances warrant it.

The present facts

34 Before me, counsel for Alzate, Mr Luke Lee (“Mr Lee”), focussed primarily
on the fact that the distance travelled was short, that there was no danger to
other road users, and that Alzate, having realised he was in no position to
ride his vehicle, had in fact wanted to stop. According to Mr Lee,
unfortunately for Alzate, in trying to come to a stop, he accidentally fell
with his motorcycle.

35 Taking the last point first, the difficulty with that contention is that
the Statement of Facts and the CCTV footage simply do not bear out Mr Lee’s
contention. In fact, it is evident that Alzate lost his balance while riding,
fell to the ground and was then unable to lift the motorcycle up. That was
what put an end to any further question of his riding the motorcycle that
night. The objective evidence simply does not support Mr Lee’s contention that
his client had had a change of heart and in fact wanted to stop riding.

36 That then quickly disposes of Mr Lee’s remaining arguments. That Alzate
only rode a short distance and did not endanger other road users simply cannot
constitute a “special reason” because the fact is that the only reason this
transpired as it did was because Alzate had been too drunk to ride any
further. This was fortuitous and does nothing to limit his culpability. In the
circumstances, there is no basis at all for the court not to impose the
presumptive disqualification order. In fact, the District Judge imposed the
fine and DQAC at the lowest end of the applicable band even though Alzate’s
level of alcohol was not at the lowest end of that band. In that sense, I
consider that the District Judge had been lenient and that there was no basis
at all for suggesting that she imposed a sentence that was manifestly
excessive. On the contrary, both the fine and the duration of the DQAC could
have been higher based on the applicable framework.

Special reasons

37 Under s 67(2) of the RTA, it is mandatory for the court to order a period
of 2 years’ DQAC for a first offender and 5 years’ DQAC for a repeat offender,
unless the court for “special reasons” thinks it fit not to order this or to
order a shorter period of disqualification (see [25] above). Such discretion
was afforded to the courts even prior to the 2019 amendments and has remained
in the current version of the RTA.

38 The law in respect of what would constitute a “special reason” has been set
out in Cheong Wai Keong, where the court considered that this would be a
“mitigating or extenuating circumstance, not amounting in law to a defence to
the charge, yet directly connected with the commission of the offence and one
which the court ought properly to take into consideration when imposing
punishment”. However, a circumstance that is peculiar to the offender rather
than to the offence would not constitute a “special reason” (at [8]). The
rationale for this is explained in Public Prosecutor v Balasubramaniam [1992]
1 SLR(R) 88, where the court observed that the Legislature, in giving the
court discretion not to impose the prescribed disqualification period on
account of “special reasons”, recognised that an offence could be committed
under “certain extenuating or pressing circumstances which may prevail upon
the driver to take the risk of driving knowing that he was not fit to drive
due to the presence of alcohol in his body” (at [21]). In short, the
discretion that is vested in the courts may be exercised where there are
special extenuating or pressing circumstances that somehow mitigate the
commission of the offence, and would not extend to circumstances that pertain
to the person or character of the offender.

39 Even if “special reasons” have been established, the court must nonetheless
go on to consider whether it should exercise its discretion in favour of the
offender to not impose any disqualification that may be statutorily prescribed
(Cheong Wai Keong at [8]). The discretion is thus a limited one and to be
exercised only in exceptional circumstances, “having regard to the special
circumstances as well as to the whole of the circumstances surrounding the
commission of the offence”. For example, if the offender had committed other
traffic offences while driving under the influence of alcohol, or had a high
alcohol content in his body, these factors could militate against the court’s
exercise of its discretion not to impose a disqualification order (Sivakumar
at [25]). In Cheong Wai Keong (at [12]), the court made reference to the
following factors listed by the court in Chatters as those to be considered in
determining whether special reasons exist:

(a) how far the vehicle was driven;

(b) the manner in which the vehicle was driven;

(c) the state of the vehicle;

(d) whether the driver intended to drive any further;

(e) the road and traffic conditions prevailing at the time;

(f) whether there was any possibility of danger by contact with other road
users; and

(g) the reason for the vehicle being driven.

In my judgment, these are useful factors that a court should have regard to as
part of a broad and holistic inquiry in determining whether special reasons
exist in each case, such that a disqualification period should not be imposed.

40 In Cheong Wai Keong, the specific question that arose was whether the fact
that the appellant had driven for a short distance such that he was unlikely
to come into contact with or endanger other road users amounted to a special
reason that would justify reducing the period of disqualification. In that
case, the appellant had parked his car by the side of the road, along double
yellow lines. He then consumed alcohol with his friends, not intending to
drive his car thereafter. He later realised that his car might obstruct other
road users if he left it there and decided to move the car to the carpark that
was just beside the road. After considering Chatters and Coombs, Yong CJ
concluded at [14]–[16] that:

… the English cases discussed above do not provide useful guidance to our
courts when we are asked to determine whether “special reasons” exist. Courts
in England often take time in considering the distance traveled, and whether
there was other traffic at the time, before deciding whether or not there were
special reasons to reduce the mandatory period of disqualification of 12
months.

I was of the view that, while “special reasons” may be taken into account in
deciding whether or not to reduce the period of disqualification, there should
not be any consideration given to the distance travelled. Courts would find it
an impossible task to try and determine the relevance of various distances in
different cases in deciding on whether or not to allow the period of
disqualification to be reduced. It would be difficult in practice to
administer the law.

To my mind, it would be preferable to lay down a simple rule that a person who
is convicted of drink-driving should be disqualified for the mandatory 12
months period, if he has started the car and moved it at all, unless there are
very “special reasons” for not doing so, bearing in mind that the distance
traveled does not constitute a “special reason” as such.

41 There are two possible propositions of law that could be drawn from Cheong
Wai Keong. First, as the Prosecution submits, Cheong Wai Keong has been taken
to stand for the proposition that the shortness of distance travelled cannot
in itself be a “special reason”. This is in contrast to the position that was
held in earlier English decisions such as R v Agnew [1969] Crim LR 152 and
James v Hall [1972] 2 All ER 59, which suggested that if the distance driven
by a defendant is short, this could amount to a special reason. Secondly,
Cheong Wai Keong might also stand for the proposition that in assessing
whether “special reasons” exist, a court should not give any consideration to
the distance travelled.

42 In my judgment, the former is to be preferred. A court should be able to
have regard to the distance travelled as part of its overall analysis. It is
likely that Yong CJ had intended to disagree with the broader proposition
which might be inferred from Coombs – to the effect that a special reason
would be found to exist if the distance driven is so short that the offender
is unlikely to come into contact with other road users and danger is unlikely
to arise. That, however, should not extend to a general rule that a court can
never have regard to the distance travelled. Allowing the court to also have
regard to the distance travelled enables a full view of the facts in question
to be taken in coming to a conclusion as to whether special circumstances
exist. The relevant factors will often have to be considered together in the
round. Examples of the factors that could be considered as part of a broad
inquiry into whether special reasons exist are set out at [39] above. Thus,
for instance, where an accused may have had a plausible and cogent reason for
driving while under the influence, but had driven further than could
reasonably be considered to be necessary in the circumstances, this would
strongly weigh against the court exercising its discretion not to impose a
disqualification order against the offender.

43 In that light, I return to Alzate’s case. It is clear that the factors he
has relied on cannot constitute special reasons. Not only was this a case
where he was in effect prevented from exposing himself and others to more
danger because he was already so inebriated that he could not exit the
carpark, the short and dispositive point is that he rode while intoxicated
when there was no reason for him to do so at all. In short, he rode because he
thought he could. His is a classic case calling for the imposition of the
DQAC, which is what the District Judge did. As for the length of the
disqualification order that was imposed by the District Judge, that was, if
anything, on the lenient side.

44 I therefore dismissed Alzate’s appeal.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice

Luke Lee Yoon Tet (Luke Lee & Co) for the appellant;

Chong Yong and Chng Luey Chi (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

28 September 2021

Case summary

Rafael Voltaire Alzate v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGHC 224

  

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9001 of 2021

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Outcome: SGHC dismisses the appeal, finding that there were no special reasons
present such that the court should exercise its discretion not to impose a
disqualification period.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment:

• To take into account the legislative changes to the Road Traffic Act (Cap
276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”), the framework laid down in Edwin s/o Suse Nathen v
Public Prosecutor [2013] 4 SLR 1139 would have to be modified accordingly. The
Court therefore set out a modified framework to be applied in relation to
offences under s 67 of the RTA (at [30]–[31]).

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by Rafael Voltaire Alzate (“Alzate”) against a
disqualification order imposed by a District Judge (the “Judge”). The
principal contention was that there were “special reasons” owing to which a
disqualification order should not be imposed.

Background to the appeal

2 Alzate was a former lecturer at ITE College East. On 11 June 2020, he met
one of his former students in order to counsel him on the management of the
business. The former student appreciated Alzate’s kindness and brought him
some whiskey as a gesture of gratitude. They started drinking at about 9 pm
and stopped at about 1 am on 12 June 2020. Alzate apparently imbibed about
three or four glasses of whiskey.

3 After the meeting, Alzate attempted to ride his motorcycle home. In his
state of intoxication, he managed to start his motorcycle and to ride it a
short distance within the carpark but he failed to reach the exit. The CCTV
footage showed that he lost his balance and fell to the ground together with
his motorcycle; he was then unable to lift his motorcycle up and so could not
proceed.

4 Alzate was eventually arrested and escorted to the police station for a
Breath Analyzing Device (“BAD”) test. The BAD test revealed that Alzate’s
breath contained 62 microgrammes of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of
breath.

5 Accordingly, he was charged for drink driving under s 67(1)(b) read with s
67(2)(a) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”). Alzate
pleaded guilty to the charge and the District Judge sentenced him to a fine of
$4,000 and a disqualification period of 30 months. Dissatisfied with the
imposition of the disqualification order, Alzate filed a notice of appeal on
the same day. Alzate paid the fine and the District Judge granted a stay of
execution on the disqualification order pending the outcome of the appeal.

The decision of the Court

The legislative changes to the RTA and the appropriate framework

6 The reforms to the RTA introduced through the Road Traffic (Amendment) Act
2019 (Act 27 of 2019) were aimed at providing stronger deterrence against
irresponsible driving and to tighten the regulatory regime against
irresponsible driving: at [26].

7 In keeping with Parliament’s intention, s 67 of the RTA was also amended.
Specifically, the penalties for an offence under s 67(1)(b) have been
increased significantly following the 2019 statutory amendments, reflecting
Parliament’s view that there is a need for even greater deterrence against
drink driving. Following the amendment, s 67(1)(b) now provides that a first
offender would be liable on conviction to a fine of not less than $2000 and
not more than $10,000, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months
or to both. Section 67(2) provides for a disqualification period of two years.
In short, the entire range of the sentencing options was doubled following the
amendments: at [29].

8 To take into account these changes, the framework laid down in Edwin s/o
Suse Nathen v Public Prosecutor [2013] 4 SLR 1139 would have to be modified
accordingly. The Court, generally agreeing with the Prosecution’s proposals,
laid down the following framework to be applied in relation to offences under
s 67 of the RTA (at [30]–[31]):

Level of alcohol (μg per 100ml of breath)| Range of fines| Range of
disqualification  
---|---|---  
36–54| $2000–$4000| 24–30 months  
55–69| $4000–$6000| 30–36 months  
70–89| $6000–$8000| 36–48 months  
≥ 90 | $8000–$10000| 48–60 months (or longer)  
  
9 Two further points were also noted. First, the framework was only applicable
where no harm to person or property has been caused: at [32]. Second, the
framework only provides neutral starting points considering only the level of
alcohol in the offender’s body. Regard should still be had to any aggravating
or mitigating circumstances. Where such aggravating circumstances exist, it
could result in the custodial threshold being crossed. In the same vein, the
presumptive range of the period of disqualification to be imposed under the
last band should be 48 to 60 months given that the period of 60 months is the
statutorily prescribed minimum disqualification period for a repeat offender;
this, however, may be exceeded should the circumstances warrant it: at [33].

10 On the facts, it was evident that Alzate lost his balance while riding,
fell to the ground and was then unable to lift the motorcycle up. That was
what put an end to any further question of his riding the motorcycle that
night. The objective evidence therefore showed that it was not the case that
Alzate had a change of heart and wanted to stop riding: at [35]. That Alzate
only rode a short distance and did not endanger other road users simply cannot
constitute a “special reason”; the only reason this transpired as it did was
because Alzate had been too drunk to ride any further. This was fortuitous and
does nothing to limit his culpability: at [36].

11 There was no basis at all for the court not to impose the presumptive
disqualification order. If anything the Judge had been lenient and both the
fine and duration of the disqualification period could have been higher based
on the applicable framework: at [36].

Special reasons

12 Under s 67(2) of the RTA, the Court retains the discretion not to order a
period of disqualification if “special reasons” exist: at [37]. This
discretion that is vested in the courts may be exercised where there are
special extenuating or pressing circumstances that somehow mitigate the
commission of the offence, and would not extend to circumstances that pertain
to the person or character of the offender: at [38].

13 Even if “special reasons” have been established, the court must nonetheless
go on to consider whether it should exercise its discretion.

a. The Court considered the following factors to be useful in determining
whether special reasons exist: (a) how far the vehicle was driven; (b) the
manner in which the vehicle was driven; (c) the state of the vehicle; (d)
whether the driver intended to drive any further; (e) the road and traffic
conditions prevailing at the time; (f) whether there was any possibility of
danger by contact with other road users; and (g) the reason for the vehicle
being driven: at [39].

b. The Court also clarified that there was no general rule that a court can
never have regard to the distance travelled. This should still be considered
as part of an overall analysis. It would be relevant for instance, where an
accused may have had a plausible and cogent reason for driving while under the
influence, but had driven further than could reasonably be considered to be
necessary; that would strongly weigh against the court exercising its
discretion not to impose a disqualification order against the offender: at
[40]–[42].

Conclusion

14 The Court therefore held that there were no “special reasons” such that it
should not impose an order of disqualification. The length of the
disqualification order that was imposed by the Judge was, if anything, on the
lenient side. The appeal was dismissed: [43]–[44].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 28 Sep 2021 (18:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

