Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGCA 20

Civil Appeal No 93 of 2020

Between

| Tan Woo Thian  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 267 of 2017

Between

| Tan Woo Thian  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Ex-Tempore Judgment

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Causation]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Duty of care]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Woo Thian

  
v

  

PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services Pte Ltd

[2021] SGCA 20

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 93 of 2020  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA, and Belinda Ang Saw Ean JAD  
4 March 2021

4 March 2021

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex-tempore):

Introduction

1 This appeal arises out of a decision by the Judge below (the “Judge”)
entirely dismissing the appellant’s claim for negligence in HC/S 267/2017
(“Suit 267”): see Tan Woo Thian v PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services Pte
Ltd [2020] SGHC 171. The Judge found that the respondent did not owe the
appellant any duty of care. Even if such a duty of care was owed, the
respondent had not acted in breach of it. Furthermore, even if there had been
breach of such a duty, the appellant had not shown that he had suffered loss
flowing from any such breach.

2 While this appeal bears the trappings of an ordinary claim in negligence, it
should be seen in the context of a wider dispute over the control of SBI
Offshore Limited (“SBI”), a Catalist-listed company, between its present and
former management. The respondent had been engaged by SBI’s management at that
time, in particular its Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) Mr Chan Lai Thong
(“John Chan”), to conduct a fact-finding review in respect of certain
transactions. Those transactions included a series of transactions SBI had
entered into in connection with its acquisition and subsequent disposal of
shares in a Chinese entity known as Jiangyin Neptune Marine Appliance Co Ltd
(“NPT”). The appellant had been involved in these transactions pertaining to
NPT in his capacity as SBI’s former CEO. The respondent subsequently prepared
a report on its findings, and an executive summary of the report (the
“Executive Summary”) was circulated to SBI’s Board of Directors (“SBI’s
Board”) and shareholders. Certain matters were then brought to the attention
of the law enforcement agencies by way of a report that was subsequently made
by John Chan to the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”), stemming from the
respondent’s findings.

3 The appellant, who holds 21.89% of SBI’s shares, alleged that inaccurate
and/or misleading statements had been made in the (allegedly) negligently
prepared and/or presented Executive Summary and that these had caused him
loss. The loss alleged in consequence of the respondent’s alleged negligence
included reputational loss, diminution in the value of the appellant’s SBI
shares, emotional trauma, and loss of influence in SBI. It is against this
backdrop that this appeal arises.

Substance of the appeals

4 The appellant appealed against the Judge’s three main findings on the
existence of a duty of care, breach of that duty, and whether that breach had
caused loss. As all parties accepted, if the appellant failed on any one of
these points, that would necessarily be fatal to its claim.

5 Apart from his substantive appeal, the appellant also appealed against the
Judge’s order as to costs. The Judge had ordered that the appellant pay
S$240,000 in costs to the respondent. Specifically, an uplift of S$60,000
above the “baseline” costs of S$180,000 was ordered on grounds of the
appellant’s conduct at trial. The Judge also allowed the full sum of the
respondent’s disbursements, or S$277,141.09. The appellant challenged both the
uplift of S$60,000 and the Judge’s decision on disbursements.

Decision

6 This appeal may be dealt with swiftly even though we think a number of
difficult issues arise in connection with the question of whether a duty of
care arises. That is because even assuming, for the sake of argument, that a
duty of care exists, and that the respondent had breached that duty, the
appeal inevitably fails at the hurdle of causation. A cause of action in
negligence is inchoate absent evidence of actual loss. This is distinct from
the question of what the precise quantum of such loss is. The appellant’s sole
argument on causation, as set out in his Appellant’s Case at [94], was that
the trial was bifurcated between liability and quantum, and that the case
should go for assessment of damages if breach of a duty of care was made out.

7 The appellant’s contention in this regard is, with respect, incorrect. It
wrongly conflates the separate questions of whether the appellant is able to
establish that the respondent’s breach has caused loss, with the quantum of
that loss. In order to even make out the tort of negligence, it must first be
shown that the defendant’s breach has in fact caused loss. As observed in
Winfield & Jolowicz on Tort (Sweet & Maxwell, 2014, 19th Ed) at [7-002]:

Even if the claimant proves every other element in tortious liability he will
lose the action or, in the case of torts actionable per se, normally fail to
recover more than nominal damages, if what the defendant did is not treated as
a legal cause of his loss. This issue is logically distinct from and anterior
to the question of measure of damages which will be dealt with at a later
stage. Thus, in one of the leading cases, the issue was whether the defendants
were liable for fire damage to a wharf which arose from a rather unusual chain
of events after the defendants spilled oil into a harbour. If they had been
liable (in fact they were not) the prima facie measure of damages would have
been the cost of repairing the wharf plus consequential losses like loss of
business …

[Emphasis added in bold italics]

8 It follows from this that if, and to the extent, the trial had been
bifurcated between liability and quantum, then the plaintiff would not have
been obliged to adduce evidence at the liability stage of the trial as to the
quantification of the losses and injuries he claims he suffered. But, he would
nonetheless have been obliged to show that he did, in fact, suffer one or more
types of loss that was causally connected to the alleged breach.

9 In this regard, the entirety of the appellant’s pleadings on causation
consisted of the following:

By reason of the matters aforesaid, Mr Tan has suffered loss and damage. Full
particulars will be supplied on receipt of an accountant’s report but the
heads of damage are as follows:

(1) Loss of business reputation in Singapore and abroad with consequential
diminution in business opportunities and loss of income and/or profits such as
being unable to connect with existing clients, to enter into new deals, or to
be employed by other companies.

(2) Diminution in the value of Mr Tan’s shareholding in the Company as a
consequence of the share price falling due to the publicity arising out of the
[appellant’s] Report and the submission of a report to the [Commercial Affairs
Department].

(3) Loss of influence in the Company and loss of ability to stabilise the
Company or to bring lucrative business to the Company with resultant loss of
dividend income. In the event that the five resolutions had been passed in the
EGM on 16 July 2016, the new Board would almost certainly have appointed Mr
Tan to his old position, which would have stabilised the Company and brought
the share price of the Company upwards.

10 This was then largely repeated in the appellant’s affidavit of evidence-in-
chief. These pleadings, taking them at their highest, reflect at a conceptual
level, the sorts of losses that the appellant intended to rely on to make good
his cause of action and to claim damages said to have been suffered as a
result of the respondent’s breaches of duty. However, no evidence was placed
before the Court of any of these things having happened as a causal
consequence of the alleged breaches. In particular, the appellant did not
place before the Court any evidence:

(a) That there had in fact been some loss of business reputation and/or
influence;

(b) That there was a loss of income or profits;

(c) That there was a loss of opportunity to be employed or to connect with
clients;

(d) That the share price fell because of the issuance of the report or the
ensuing report to the Commercial Affairs Department; or

(e) That the appellant would have been reappointed and would then have been
able to cause the share price of SBI to rise.

11 Even leaving aside for present purposes difficulties such as whether losses
such as being able to “connect with clients” and/or “loss of influence” were
actionable at all, it was patently obvious that the appellant had failed to
discharge his burden of establishing that any of the alleged heads of loss
had, as a matter of fact, been caused by the respondent’s alleged breaches of
duty. By way of illustration, no evidence was led as to the appellant’s
business reputation before and after the report; nor was it established that
the appellant had in fact lost income or profits. All that was placed before
the Court was a series of bare assertions which were wholly unsubstantiated.
Particularly noteworthy were the appellant’s bland assertions that (a) the
respondent’s alleged breaches of duty caused the resolutions he supported at
SBI’s Extraordinary General Meeting to fail, (b) the passage of those
resolutions would necessarily have meant that he would have been reappointed
to his former role, (c) he would have necessarily achieved commercial success
in his former role, (d) such commercial success would have caused SBI’s share
price to rise, and (e) he would have been able to profit from the foregoing.
The difficulty, however, to put it quite simply, is that no evidence was
adduced to any such effect. This was perhaps unsurprising if the appellant
truly, even if erroneously, believed that a bifurcated trial entirely obviated
the need to lead evidence as to the types of losses that were, in fact, caused
by the alleged breaches of duty. However, the absence of any such evidence is
fatal to the appellant’s case.

12 That point, therefore, is the end of the substantive appeal. Even if we had
been prepared to find that a duty of care existed and had been breached by the
respondent, the failure of the appellant to lead any evidence to establish
that the respondent’s alleged breaches did in fact cause the types of losses
he allegedly suffered is fatal to his claim, and the appeal is accordingly
dismissed.

13 On the issue of costs, this is largely a matter of discretion for the trial
Judge. He considered that the trial had been unnecessarily extended by reason
of the appellant having taken points that were not germane or relevant to the
central issue in this case. The Judge was certainly entitled to take this
view, but he then assessed the respondent’s costs on the basis of a ten-day
hearing, which, in the event, was the actual extended duration of the trial.
Having done so, and thus having compensated the respondent for the costs
incurred for the extended duration of the trial, it was unclear to us why he
then added an uplift of S$60,000 to the amount he arrived at. We therefore set
aside the uplift of S$60,000. As for the expert evidence, it seemed to us
difficult, on the material before us, to justify the aggregate sum of
approximately S$126,000 that was charged by the respondent’s Chinese law
expert for two relatively brief reports. We accordingly reduced this amount to
an aggregate sum of S$80,000, which is inclusive of the out-of-pocket expenses
claimed by the Chinese law expert. Save as aforesaid, we do not disturb the
other orders made as to costs and disbursements below.

Duty of Care

14 While that suffices to dismiss the appeal in large part, we set out some
thoughts on the difficult question of whether a duty of care ought to have
been found in the circumstances. To recapitulate, the question in this regard
is whether a professional party (the “professional fact-finder”) contracting
with a client to carry out an investigation or a fact-finding exercise into
the actions of a third party owes that third party a duty of care,
particularly if findings adverse to that third party are made. The Judge held
that such a duty of care did not exist. We express neither agreement nor
disagreement with Judge’s view in this regard. Rather, given the complexity of
the point, and the significant commercial ramifications that this might have
for professionals and their insurers, we will leave that for decision on a
future occasion when it is necessary to make that determination. Nonetheless,
we think it might be helpful to set out a number of the considerations and
arguments which might pull in one direction or the other.

15 We begin by setting out the applicable test for determining the existence
of a duty of care. As is well-established in Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd
v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”), a duty
of care will only be found if three conditions are satisfied:

(a) First, the defendant ought to have foreseen that the claimant would suffer
damage due to the defendant’s carelessness (Spandeck at [75]) (the requirement
of “factual foreseeability”). This has been described as a “threshold question
which the court must be satisfied is fulfilled, failing which the claim does
not even take off” (Spandeck at [76]).

(b) Second, there must be sufficient legal proximity between the defendant and
the claimant (Spandeck at [77]) (the requirement of “legal proximity”).

(c) Third, the imposition of the duty of care should not be negated by
countervailing policy considerations (Spandeck at [83]) (the “policy
considerations”).

16 The Judge concluded on the facts that the requirement of factual
foreseeability was satisfied. We agree that, generally speaking, it would be
within the contemplation of a party preparing a report specifically targeted
at the actions of a third party that the third party might suffer at least
reputational harm, if not also economic harm, in the event the report
contained factually inaccurate and/or misleading information. The crux of the
debate, however, centres on whether legal proximity arises, and if so, on
whether any duty of care that might be found to be admissible as a matter of
principle should be negated by countervailing policy considerations.

17 Some of the arguments militating against a finding that a duty of care
arises in such circumstances include these:

(a) First, there is a potential clash between the scope of the contractual
duties undertaken by the professional fact-finder to its client on the one
hand, and the tortious duties that are imposed on it in favour of the world at
large, and in particular the target of an investigation, on the other. This
may be seen as a subset of the real difficulty of imposing tortious duties in
circumstances where a party is carrying out a contractual duty owed to
another. This might apply with particular force in a setting like the present,
where the contractual duty pertains to and has the very real prospect of
affecting the third party, who then wishes to sue the investigator. Given that
an investigator will likely have specifically imposed contractual restrictions
on the scope of its work and on the permitted uses of its work product, and
that any remuneration will have been agreed on the basis of such restrictions
and limitations, tortious obligations which impose a supervening standard of
care that might conceivably even exceed any duty taken on with respect to the
contracting party ought to be scrutinised very closely. This may be said to
apply in an even more pronounced manner in contexts where the very object of
the contractual arrangement is to find a basis upon which the fact-finder’s
client can take a course of action that is adverse to the third party.

(b) Second, there may exist other avenues for individuals who believe they
have been wronged by the findings of professional fact-finders in such
circumstances. Those who publish falsehoods may be liable in defamation, while
the conduct of work in a dishonest manner or in a manner that no reasonable
professional would have done could give rise to complaints of professional
misconduct.

(c) Third, and as suggested by the Judge below, recognising a duty of care in
such contexts might engender defensive and excessively circumspect reporting,
which could be deleterious for professional fact-finders and those who engage
their services.

18 By contrast, the following arguments, among others, may be raised in
support of a duty of care being found in facts akin to the present:

(a) First, considerations of circumstantial and causal proximity clearly arise
on the facts, and these militate in favour of a finding of legal proximity:
Spandeck at [78] and [79]. Circumstantial proximity arises insofar as the
professional fact-finder has procured and gained “special knowledge” of the
third party, whether through canvassing information from the contracting
party, or through the fact-finder’s own perusal of documents and other
objective evidence. Moreover, there is causal proximity insofar as loss to the
third party would be a direct and immediate, or at least a highly foreseeable,
consequence of the professional fact-finder’s negligence in preparing and
presenting his findings on the third party’s behaviour and conduct. Unlike
other situations, the professional fact-finder in circumstances such as the
present is tasked with making factual findings and drawing specific
conclusions directly pertaining to the third party’s conduct, and it is easy
to see that erroneous findings can have harmful consequences on the target of
the investigation. This might suggest that legal proximity should be found,
and that a duty of care should arise.

(b) Second, there might not be any necessary or inevitable conflict between an
investigator’s contractual obligations and the duties that it would owe in
tort if a duty of care were found. This will of course turn on the precise
content of the duty, but it is often the case that a party acting under a
contract, say a building contractor, may nonetheless owe a tortious duty to
prevent foreseeable harm, say damage to a neighbouring property caused by
careless work. Does this analysis necessarily change because the purpose of
the contractual engagement is to do something that is in some ways likely to
be adverse to the third party? If so, how and why? Does the notion of owing a
duty to a third party necessarily present a potential for conflict with the
professional fact-finder’s duty to the appointing party?

(c) Third, the existence of alternative causes of action such as defamation
need not preclude the finding of a duty of care. Defamation, which is aimed at
the vindication of reputation, might not always address the mischief that a
claim in negligence would. Professional fact-finders who make negligent or
careless observations that give rise to loss may have done so inadvertently
and/or in circumstances that do not affect the reputation of the claimant: see
for example Spring v Guardian Assurance Plc [1995] 2 AC 296 at 160J and 172H.
Defamation, therefore, may not actually address the wrong which the tort of
negligence seeks to vindicate, and further, might be subject to defences that
would not be available to a claim brought for the tort of negligence. As a
result, denying the existence of a duty of care in these circumstances might
give rise to a legal “black hole” in which loss suffered by a claimant as a
consequence of a misdeed on the part of another might not be recoverable.

19 Ultimately, these arguments raise a number of difficult and important
questions and issues. However, it was clear to us that this was not the case
in which we needed to resolve them. We therefore reiterate that the existence
of a duty of care in the present circumstances should be regarded as an open
question which we will reach in an appropriate case in the future. Beyond the
existence of such a duty of care, the precise content of such a duty may also
be usefully considered at such a point.

Conclusion

20 As we have noted above, the appeal is dismissed with costs.

21 Having reviewed the parties’ costs submissions, we fix the costs of the
appeal in the aggregate sum of S$50,000, which is inclusive of all
disbursements. We also make the usual consequential orders.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Chief Justice Justice of the Court of Appeal

Belinda Ang Saw Ean

Judge of the Appellate Division

Narayanan Vijya Kumar (Vijay & Co) for the appellant;

Kelvin Poon, Ang Peng Koon Patrick, Chew Xiang, Chow Jie Ying, Cheong Tian Ci,
Torsten (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Mar 2021 (14:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

