Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 144

Originating Summons No. 666 of 2020 (Summons No. 4429 of 2020)

Between

| Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (under judicial management)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Originating Summons No. 704 of 2020 (Summons No. 4417 of 2020)

Between

| Hin Leong Trading (Pte) Ltd (in Liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Parties] — [Joinder]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (under judicial management)

  
v

  

Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP and another matter

[2021] SGHC 144

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No. 666 of 2020
(Summons No. 4429 of 2020) and Originating Summons No. 704 of 2020 (Summons
No. 4417 of 2020)  
Kannan Ramesh J  
4 November 2020

21 June 2021

Kannan Ramesh J:

Introduction

1 The applicants in Originating Summons Nos 666 and 704 of 2020 (“OS 666” and
“OS 704” respectively and “the Injunction actions” collectively), Ocean
Tankers (Pte) Ltd (“OTPL”) and Hin Leong Trading (Pte) Ltd (“HLT”)
respectively, sought injunctions against the respondent Rajah & Tann Singapore
LLP (“R&T”), a law firm. The injunctions were to restrain R&T from:

(a) advising and acting for OTPL and HLT in Originating Summons Nos 452 and
417 of 2020 respectively (“the JM applications” collectively), which were
applications to place the companies under judicial management; and

(b) advising and acting for the interim judicial managers and the judicial
managers, if appointed, of OTPL and HLT.

Procedural history

2 The directors of OTPL and HLT, Mr Lim Chee Meng (“Mr Evan Lim”) and Ms Lim
Huey Ching (“the Lims” collectively), who were also shareholders of the
companies, procured OTPL and HLT to file the JM applications. The Lims also
procured OTPL and HLT to file the applications for the appointment of interim
judicial managers. I allowed both applications for the appointment of interim
judicial managers.

3 The interim judicial managers of OTPL and HLT thereafter retained the
services of R&T. Following the appointment of R&T, the Lims procured OTPL and
HLT to file the Injunction actions. It would appear that this was done in
response to R&T being retained. However, the Lims did not procure OTPL and HLT
to apply for interim injunctions pending the disposal of the Injunction
actions.

4 The JM applications were subsequently granted and the interim judicial
managers of OTPL and HLT were appointed the judicial managers of the
companies. The judicial managers of OTPL and HLT also retained the services of
R&T.

5 Subsequently, R&T applied in Summons Nos 4317 of 2020 (as regards OS 666)
and 4318 of 2020 (as regards OS 704) to strike out the Injunction actions
under O 18 r 19(1)(a), (b) or (d), and alternatively under O 92 r 4 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Striking-Out applications”).
Shortly before the hearing of the Striking-Out applications, Mr Lim Oon Kuin
(“Mr O K Lim”) and the Lims applied in Summons Nos 4429 of 2020 (as regards OS
666) and 4417 of 2020 (as regards OS 704) (“the Joinder applications”) to add
themselves as parties to the Injunction actions. I shall hereinafter
collectively refer to Mr O K Lim and the Lims as the “Lim Family”.

6 The Striking-Out applications and the Joinder applications were heard
together on 4 November 2020. I allowed the Striking-Out applications and
struck out the Injunction actions on the ground that the Lims did not have
standing as directors of OTPL and HLT to cause the companies to bring them.
Further, I disallowed the Joinder applications.

7 The Lims procured OTPL and HLT to appeal against my decision on the
Striking-Out applications. Also, the Lim Family sought leave to appeal against
my decision on the Joinder applications. On 25 February 2021, I provided full
grounds of my decision on the Striking-Out applications in Ocean Tankers (Pte)
Ltd (under judicial management) v Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP and another
matter [2021] SGHC 47 (“the Striking-Out GD”).

8 On 8 February 2021, I heard the applications for leave to appeal against my
decision on the Joinder applications and declined to grant leave. On 18
February 2021, the Lim Family filed Originating Summons 6 and 7 of 2021 in the
Court of Appeal for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal. On 9 April 2021,
the Court of Appeal granted leave to appeal against my decision on the Joinder
applications. The Lim Family duly filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal on 16
April 2021. I now set out the full grounds for my decision on the Joinder
applications.

Background

9 The salient background facts were set out in the Striking-Out GD and are
repeated here. HLT is in the business of oil trading. OTPL is a ship
chartering and management company. They were part of a group of companies with
interlocking business interests that were owned and managed by the Lim Family.
Mr O K Lim is the patriarch of the Lim Family. The Lim Family are the sole
shareholders of OTPL and HLT. At all material times, the Lims were also the
directors of both companies. Mr O K Lim was a director of both companies until
he stepped down on 17 April 2020.

10 In or around the first quarter of 2020, HLT encountered financial
difficulties and was consequently unable to meet its debt obligations. On 8
April 2020, HLT engaged R&T to advise on issues arising from its insolvency.
HLT’s financial woes in turn impacted OTPL’s business and financial position
given their interlocking interests. OTPL too engaged R&T to advise on
restructuring options that were available to it. On 17 April 2021, OTPL and
HLT filed Originating Summons Nos 406 and 405 of 2020 respectively,
applications under s 211B of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Companies Act”) for a debtor-in-possession restructuring, pending the
formulation and approval of a debt restructuring plan. R&T filed both
applications on behalf of the companies. Mr O K Lim stepped down as director
of both companies shortly before the applications were filed. The applications
were subsequently withdrawn with leave of court on 27 April 2020 (by HLT) and
on 12 May 2020 (by OTPL) in the face of significant creditor resistance and
the absence of any relevant creditor support (a precondition for a filing
under s 211B). The creditors’ resistance and lack of support was a result of
certain admissions of egregious conduct by Mr O K Lim in his affidavit filed
in support of Originating Summons 405 of 2020. The Lims thereafter procured
OTPL and HLT to file the JM applications and the applications for appointment
of interim judicial managers. These applications were also filed by R&T on
behalf of the companies. Interim judicial managers were appointed on 27 April
2020 (for HLT) and 12 May 2020 (for OTPL). The interim judicial managers were
appointed as the judicial managers of both companies on 7 August 2020.

11 As stated above, following the engagement of R&T by the interim judicial
managers of OTPL and HLT, the Lims procured the companies to file the
Injunction actions. The Injunction actions were brought on the basis that (a)
confidential information of OTPL, HLT, and the Lim Family on their respective
business interests and activities had been conveyed to R&T, and (b) such
information was at risk of disclosure to the interim judicial managers and the
judicial managers if R&T was not restrained from acting for them. Shortly
before the hearing of the Striking-Out applications, the Lim Family sought to
be joined to the Injunction actions as co-plaintiffs pursuant to the Joinder
applications on the basis that some of the confidential information that was
at risk of disclosure was theirs.

12 Having set out the background, I now turn to the parties’ cases on the
Injunction actions and the Joinder applications. It is necessary to traverse
the former as it sets the context for the latter.

The parties’ cases

The Lim Family’s case

13 The Lim Family relied on O 15 rr 6(2)(b)(i) and 6(2)(b)(ii) of the Rules of
Court (R 5, Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules”) as the primary basis of the
Joinder applications. The requirements for joinder are set out in the
following terms:

Misjoinder and nonjoinder of parties (O. 15, r. 6)

…

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Rule, at any stage of the proceedings in
any cause or matter, the Court may, on such terms as it thinks just and either
of its own motion or on application —

…

(b) order any of the following persons to be added as a party, namely:

(i) any person who ought to have been joined as a party or whose presence
before the Court is necessary to ensure that all matters in the cause or
matter may be effectually and completely determined and adjudicated upon;

(ii) any person between whom and any party to the cause or matter there may
exist a question or issue arising out of or relating to or connected with any
relief or remedy claimed in the cause or matter which in the opinion of the
Court it would be just and convenient to determine as between him and that
party as well as between the parties to the cause or matter.

14 Alternatively, the Lim Family sought joinder on the basis of the inherent
powers of the Court under O 92 r 4 of the Rules which states:

Inherent powers of Court (O. 92, r. 4)

4. For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these Rules shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of the process of the Court.

15 The substantive case in the Injunction actions was that R&T had advised and
acted for the Lim Family and their stable of companies, including OTPL and
HLT, from the early 1990s. As a result, R&T built relationships with the Lim
Family, and acquired knowledge of their business affairs and the business
affairs of many of those companies. In view of this long relationship, when
OTPL and HLT faced financial difficulties, R&T was engaged by the Lim Family
and the companies to advise on how their respective interests could be best
protected including the restructuring options that were available to the
latter. In other words, there was a joint retainer by the Lim Family and the
companies of R&T (“the Joint Retainer”).

16 Pursuant to the Joint Retainer, the Lim Family, OTPL and HLT provided R&T
with confidential information (including documents). In other words, each
party shared confidential information concerning their affairs. Such
information included the companies’ audited financial statements and
management accounts, documents relating to OTPL’s vessels and bareboat
charterparties, and information relating to the Lim Family’s interests. The
information was potentially relevant to the interim judicial managers and
judicial managers of OTPL and HLT in any investigations they might undertake
into the Lim Family’s management of OTPL and HLT; and/or any adverse position
they might take in the administration of the insolvency against the Lim Family
and the management of OTPL and HLT. It was therefore argued, inter alia, that
the Injunction actions ought to be granted to protect the confidentiality of
the information that was disclosed by the Lim Family, OTPL and HLT to R&T.

17 It was submitted in the alternative that:

(a) R&T owed an equitable duty of confidence by reason of the confidential
nature of the information that was disclosed, that there was a “real and
sensible possibility” of such information being misused in breach of such duty
of confidence, and that the breach ought to be restrained by the grant of
injunctive relief; and

(b) in the interests of the proper administration of justice, the court ought
to exercise its supervisory jurisdiction to regulate the conduct of its
officers, and restrain R&T from acting against their former clients about whom
they had confidential information.

18 The arguments in the Injunction actions were advanced by the Lims on behalf
of OTPL and HLT, as Mr O K Lim was no longer an officer of the companies.

19 The arguments in the Joinder applications echoed the arguments in the
Injunction actions. In essence, the Lim Family argued that pursuant to the
Joint Retainer, they had disclosed and caused OTPL and HLT to disclose
confidential information (including documents) concerning their respective
business affairs to R&T. Such information was disclosed for the purpose of
receiving advice on how OTPL, HLT and the Lim family might protect their
respective positions. However, by acting for the interim judicial managers and
judicial managers of OTPL and HLT, R&T was in a position to share the
information with them. This would assist the interim judicial managers and the
judicial managers to take adverse positions against the Lim Family. The Lim
Family argued that the outcome of the Injunction actions would be
determinative of whether they could commence a separate action on the same
basis to restrain R&T from acting for the interim judicial managers or
judicial managers of OTPL and HLT. Thus, the result of the Injunction actions
without their participation would have a “cascading impact” on their rights.

20 The Lim Family therefore submitted that they ought to be joined as co-
plaintiffs to the Injunction actions under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i) of the Rules as
(a) their legal rights (to maintain the confidentiality of the information
disclosed to R&T) would be affected by the determination of the Injunction
actions; and (b) joinder would prevent multiplicity of actions and enable the
court to determine the substantive dispute between all the relevant and
interested parties in one action, thereby avoiding the prospect of the court
trying the same issues more than once with possibly different results.

21 Alternatively, the Lim Family submitted that they ought to be joined as co-
plaintiffs to the Injunction actions on the basis of O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the
Rules because their claims against R&T were based on the same facts and were
for the same reliefs as the claims brought by OTPL and HLT.

22 I should point out that the Lim Family did not make any written or oral
submissions on joinder pursuant to the exercise of the court’s inherent powers
under O 92 r 4 of the Rules. The point appeared to have been abandoned and I
therefore do not deal with it in these grounds.

R&T’s case

23 R&T submitted that the Injunction actions were unmeritorious as they were
both factually and legally unsustainable. As to factual unsustainability, R&T
submitted that there was no global engagement of R&T by the Lim Family’s
stable of companies for the purpose of a “group restructuring”. Nor did the
Lim Family engage R&T to protect their personal interests. R&T was at all
times retained only by OTPL and HLT. In short, there was no Joint Retainer.
Further, there was no implied retainer with the Lim Family as R&T neither
regarded nor conducted themselves as having been retained by the Lim Family.
There was therefore no reasonable basis for the Lim Family to have regarded
R&T as acting for them or for R&T to have regarded the Lim Family as their
clients.

24 R&T submitted that the Injunction actions were legally unsustainable for
the following reasons:

(a) The confidential information in issue in the Injunction actions belonged
to OTPL and HLT and not to any other entity or person, including the Lim
Family. As the information belonged to the companies, the interim judicial
managers and the judicial managers were entitled to the information on the
basis of their statutory power to take possession of the companies’ property.
There was therefore no basis to restrain R&T from sharing the information with
them.

(b) The confidential information allegedly disclosed by the Lim Family was
described in vague and unclear terms, suffering from a lack of detail. In
particular, Mr Evan Lim was unable to particularise the information, and
identify the parties to whom it belonged.

(c) Even taking the Lim Family’s case at its highest (ie, that R&T was
retained under the Joint Retainer), in the absence of specific instructions to
the contrary, information disclosed pursuant to a joint retainer was not
confidential as between the parties to the joint retainer. Thus, unless there
were specific instructions to the contrary, the Lim Family could not assert
that (a) OTPL and HLT were not entitled to the information they had disclosed
to R&T pursuant to the Joint Retainer, and (b) R&T was in breach of confidence
in sharing such information with OTPL and HLT. R&T asserted that the Lim
Family did not give instructions that the information that they had disclosed
should not be shared. As the information disclosed by the Lim Family could be
shared with OTPL and HLT, the interim judicial managers and the judicial
managers were entitled to it pursuant to their statutory power to take
possession of the companies’ property.

(d) Information which R&T had received from entities which they did not
represent was not confidential as it was disclosed with the consent of those
entities.

(e) R&T’s appointment by the interim judicial managers and the judicial
managers of OTPL and HLT was a natural extension of their original brief, ie,
to file the JM applications and advise on restructuring solutions for the
companies. OTPL and HLT must therefore be taken to have consented to R&T
acting for the interim judicial managers and the judicial managers.

(f) OTPL and HLT’s interests were not “adverse” to the interests of their
respective interim judicial managers and judicial managers in any relevant
sense. Instead, the interests of the companies on the one hand, and their
interim judicial managers and judicial managers on the other were aligned. In
acting for the interim judicial managers and the judicial managers, R&T was
therefore not acting against the interests of OTPL and HLT.

25 R&T also submitted that they had put in place effective measures to prevent
the improper disclosure of confidential information. For example, not acting
in matters adverse to the personal rights and liabilities of the Lim Family,
allocating separate teams of lawyers to handle the OTPL and HLT engagements,
ensuring that there was no sharing of information between the teams, and not
acting or advising on any contentious matter which would put them in a
position of conflict of interest.

26 R&T further submitted that there was no basis for the court to exercise its
supervisory jurisdiction to restrain them in the interest of the proper
administration of justice. First, the proper administration of justice would
be served by restraining individual lawyers whose conduct was regarded by the
court as inappropriate, and not the entire law firm. Second, a high threshold
needed to be crossed in order to invoke the court’s supervisory jurisdiction.
This would be the case where there was an actual or reasonably perceived risk
that the proper administration of justice would be prejudiced unless the
lawyers in question were restrained from acting. Such risk, whether actual or
reasonably perceived, did not arise as the Lim Family’s argument on
supervisory jurisdiction was based upon the same factual premise that
underpinned their case on confidentiality, ie, that the information they had
disclosed to R&T pursuant to the Joint Retainer could not be shared with the
other parties to the Joint Retainer. Accordingly, both arguments therefore
stood and fell on the same basis – whether the information was confidential
vis-à-vis OTPL and HLT, and by extension their interim judicial managers and
judicial managers.

27 As there was no breach of confidentiality in R&T disclosing to OTPL and HLT
(and by extension their interim judicial managers and judicial managers) the
information that was disclosed by the Lim Family, the Joinder applications did
not satisfy either O 15 rr 6(2)(b)(i) or 6(2)(b)(ii).

My decision

The law

28 In ARW v Comptroller of Income Tax and another and another appeal [2019] 1
SLR 499 (“ARW”) at [40], the Court of Appeal held that the question of whether
joinder should be allowed under either or both limbs of O 15 r 6(2)(b) of the
Rules should be approached in a two-part inquiry, with the first part being
entirely non-discretionary and the second discretionary.

29 Under the first limb, ie, O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i) of the Rules, the non-
discretionary inquiry is whether it is necessary, and not merely desirable, to
order joinder. The key question is whether there is anything to prevent the
action as originally drawn from being effectually and completely determined
thereby making joinder necessary. If the non-discretionary inquiry is
satisfied, the court must, under the second limb, consider whether joinder
should be ordered, having regard to all the factors which are relevant to the
balance of justice in a particular case: ARW at [41]. One such factor is the
prejudice to the party seeking to be joined if joinder is not granted: ARW at
[45].

30 Thus, where the party seeking to be joined has no legal interest in the
outcome of the action, the threshold requirement of necessity will not be
crossed, and joinder under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i) of the Rules ought not be
granted. In the present case the threshold of necessity would not be crossed
if the information that was disclosed pursuant to the Joint Retainer was not
confidential as between the parties thereto. If it could not be shown that R&T
would breach confidentiality by disclosing information provided by the Lim
Family to OTPL and HLT (and by extension their interim judicial managers and
judicial managers as the court appointed officers), there was no basis for a
joinder. In such circumstances, the Lim Family would have no legal interest in
the outcome of the Injunction actions and accordingly ought not to be joined
as parties thereto.

31 Under the second limb, ie, O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the Rules, the non-
discretionary inquiry is whether there is a question or issue involving the
party sought to be joined which relates to an existing question or issue
between the existing parties: ARW at [46]. If this inquiry is satisfied, the
court must consider whether joinder ought to be granted. In the present case,
the parties to the Injunction actions were OTPL and HLT on the one hand and
R&T on the other. The Injunction actions related to the issue of whether the
information disclosed by the Lim Family pursuant to the Joint Retainer was
confidential as between the parties to the Joint Retainer. It follows that if
such information was not in fact confidential, there would be no basis for
joinder under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the Rules.

32 From the above, the Joinder applications turned on one principal issue,
that is, whether information disclosed pursuant to a joint retainer could not
be shared with the parties thereto on the basis that it was confidential. It
is to this issue that I now turn.

Whether there was any basis for confidentiality

33 It is settled law that solicitors may be restrained from acting against a
former client if such a restriction is necessary to avoid a significant risk
of the disclosure or misuse of confidential information belonging to the
former client: Prince Jefri Bolkiah v KPMG (a firm) [1999] 2 AC 222
(“Bolkiah”) at 234. The former client seeking to restrain the solicitors from
acting must establish, first, that the solicitors are in possession of
information which is confidential to him and to the disclosure of which he has
not consented; second, that the information is or may be relevant to the new
matter in which the interest of the other client is or may be adverse to his
own: Bolkiah at 235. Whether the Bolkiah rule could be invoked in the present
case to restrain R&T from acting for the interim judicial managers and
judicial managers of OTPL and HLT therefore turned on whether the information
disclosed by the Lim Family to R&T pursuant to the Joint Retainer was
confidential as regards OTPL and HLT, and therefore could not be shared with
the companies. If not, the Injunction actions, with or without the joinder of
the Lim Family, were a non-starter.

34 The two possible categories of the allegedly confidential information
disclosed by the Lim Family to R&T pursuant to the Joint Retainer were:

(a) Information that was disclosed by OTPL and HLT; and

(b) Information that was disclosed by the Lim Family.

I shall consider each category in turn.

Information that was disclosed by OTPL and HLT

35 It could not be gainsaid that information disclosed by OTPL and HLT was not
confidential vis-à-vis them. Thus, the issue of restraining R&T from sharing
such information with OTPL and HLT on the basis of confidentiality did not
even arise.

36 Indeed, it was questionable for the Lim Family to assert confidentiality
over information that was disclosed by OTPL and HLT. It was for OTPL and HLT
to assert that, and for the reasons set out in the Striking-Out GD, the Lims
had no standing to make that case on behalf of the companies.

37 As the information belonged to OTPL and HLT, it would also not be
confidential vis-à-vis their judicial managers. These court appointed officers
had custody and control of “all the property to which the company is or
appears to be entitled”: s 227G(1) of the Companies Act, which plainly
included information that belonged to the companies. The judicial managers of
OTPL and HLT could also exercise and perform all powers conferred and duties
imposed on the directors of the companies: s 227G(2) of the Companies Act.
Such powers and duties would include the right to receive any information
(including documents) of the companies.

38 The interim judicial managers were entitled to exercise all the powers and
entitlements of the judicial managers (including the abovementioned), pursuant
to the orders of court under which they were appointed (“the IJM Orders”) read
with s 227B(10)(b) of the Companies Act. The provision reads as follows:

(10) Nothing in this section shall preclude a Court —

…

(b) from appointing, after the making of an application for a judicial
management order and on the application of the person applying for the
judicial management order, an interim judicial manager, pending the making of
a judicial management order, and such interim judicial manager may, if the
Court sees fit, be the person nominated in the application for a judicial
management order. The interim judicial manager so appointed may exercise such
functions, powers and duties as the Court may specify in the order.

[emphasis added]

39 The IJM Orders read in part as follows:

It is ordered that:

…

2\. The affairs, business and property of the Company [ie, HLT and OTPL] be
managed by the Interim Judicial Managers during the period in which the Order
for the appointment of the Interim Judicial Managers is in force;

3\. The Interim Judicial Managers be empowered and authorised to exercise all
powers and entitlements of a judicial manager and all powers and entitlements
of directors of the Company conferred by the Companies Act (Cap. 50) (the
“Act”) and/or by the memorandum and articles of association of the Company, or
by any other applicable law in force, but nothing in this Order shall require
the Interim Judicial Managers to call any meetings of the Company;

…

[emphasis added]

40 Accordingly, the Lim Family had no basis or standing to assert
confidentiality as regards information that OTPL and HLT had disclosed to R&T.
Also, the interim judicial managers and the judicial managers were fully
entitled to receive such information from R&T. For the same reason, the
question of the court exercising its supervisory jurisdiction as regards this
category of information did not arise.

Information that was disclosed by the Lim Family

41 The remaining question was whether the Lim Family could assert that the
information that belonged to them or their other companies (excluding OTPL and
HLT) that they had disclosed to R&T could not be shared with OTPL and HLT. As
a preliminary observation, it was unclear on what basis the Lim Family could
assert confidentiality on behalf of these other companies when they were
neither parties to the Injunction actions nor seeking to be joined under the
Joinder applications. Putting that to one side, I turn to the applicable legal
principles.

42 In Winters v Mishcon de Reya [2008] EWHC 2419 (Ch) (“Winters”), the
claimant, Winters, was the Chief Executive of a prominent charity, the Jewish
National Fund (“JNF”), which was represented by the defendant, Mishcons, a law
firm. Winters and the JNF became embroiled in an employment dispute, with
Winters contending that the JNF had breached his employment contract by
changing its management structure such that his position as Chief Executive of
the JNF was undermined. Mishcons, on behalf of the JNF, replied, contending
that the JNF had not breached Winters’ employment contract and that Winters
had been suspended from his duties pending investigations into alleged
financial misconduct committed by Winters. Winters sought to restrain Mishcons
from acting for the JNF on the basis that Mishcons was in possession of
confidential information about him as they had advised him in the past on
matters similar to that in relation to which they were now acting for JNF
against him. Such matters comprised two libel proceedings in which Winters was
the plaintiff, and an investigation by the UK Charity Commission, all of which
related to Winters’ conduct in relation to the finances of the JNF. Winters’
primary case was based on an alleged misuse of such confidential information
by Mishcons: at [85].

43 Henderson J observed that the case was governed by the Bolkiah principles,
but found that Winters’ case failed at the first hurdle of establishing that
“Mishcons were in possession of information which was confidential to Mr
Winters and to the disclosure of which Mr Winters had not consented” (at
[88]). This was because (at [82]–[83]):

82 … no reasonable expectation of confidence arose in respect of that
information as between Mr Winters and the JNF, for whom Dr Julius [the
Mishcons lawyer] was also acting at the same time. This principle was indeed
recognised by Mr Winters himself in an important passage in his cross-
examination, when he was asked about one of the matters described in his third
statement which he said he had disclosed to Dr Julius in the context of the
Charity Commission investigation, as well as in the context of the first
proposed libel proceedings. It was of course Mr Winters’ case that Dr Julius
was also acting for him personally at the time of the Charity Commission
investigation, under a joint retainer …

83 Mr Winters went on to say that he also felt that Dr Julius was looking out
for his interests, but agreed that he never imparted any information to Dr
Julius on the express footing that it was to be confidential between him and
Dr Julius and was not to go back to the JNF.

[emphasis added]

44 Winters therefore stands for the proposition that where information is
voluntarily disclosed by one party to his solicitor in circumstances where
there was no reasonable expectation of confidence, eg, in respect of a matter
for which the solicitor was jointly retained, there generally is no
confidentiality of such information as between the other party to the joint
retainer unless the party disclosing has made it clear that the information
was to be regarded as confidential between him and the solicitor.

45 Applying the proposition in Winters to the present case, any information
that was disclosed by the Lim Family pursuant to the Joint Retainer would not
be confidential vis-à-vis the other parties thereto (namely OTPL and HLT),
unless R&T was instructed not to disclose the information to the other parties
or must have understood that to be the case. The Lim Family did not put
forward any evidence that they had expressly instructed R&T not to share the
information they had disclosed pursuant to the Joint Retainer with OTPL and
HLT. Indeed, this was, in my view, a highly unlikely scenario. On the Lim
Family’s case, the information was disclosed to R&T for the purposes of
advising on the restructuring of, inter alios, OTPL and HLT (see [15] above).
It would be contrived for the Lim Family to suggest that the information was
not to be shared with OTPL and HLT when the purpose of the disclosure was to
facilitate the restructuring of the companies in the first place. For the same
reason, R&T would not have understood that they would not be able to share the
information with OTPL and HLT.

46 Accordingly, the Lim Family could not assert that the information they had
disclosed to R&T pursuant to the Joint Retainer was confidential vis-à-vis
OTPL and HLT. As OTPL and HLT were entitled to the information, for the
reasons stated above at [37]–[40], the same was not confidential vis-à-vis
their interim judicial managers and judicial managers. For the same reasons,
the Lim Family’s arguments on the basis of an equitable duty of confidence,
which were also predicated on the confidentiality of the information, failed.

47 Finally, there was also no basis for the court to exercise its supervisory
jurisdiction to restrain R&T from acting for, and sharing the information
disclosed by the Lim Family with OTPL and HLT as well as their interim
judicial managers and judicial managers. Given the information was not
confidential vis-à-vis OTPL, HLT and, by extension, their interim judicial
managers and judicial managers in the first place, it could not be said that
restraining R&T was in the interests of the proper administration of justice.

48 As the Joinder applications failed in limine, it was unnecessary for me to
consider the efficacy of the measures taken by R&T to prevent the disclosure
of the information if they were found to have been confidential vis-à-vis OTPL
and HLT, and by extension their interim judicial managers and judicial
managers.

Conclusion

49 For the reasons set out above, I concluded that there was no basis for the
Lim Family to assert that the information disclosed by them to R&T under the
Joint Retainer was confidential vis-à-vis OTPL and HLT and by extension their
interim judicial managers and judicial managers. The question of
confidentiality does not even arise with regard to information that was
disclosed by OTPL and HLT to R&T. Accordingly, there was no basis for the Lim
Family to be joined as co-plaintiffs to the Injunction actions. I therefore
dismissed the Joinder applications.

50 As R&T had succeeded in the Striking-Out applications, I awarded costs of
the applications and OS 666 and OS 704 to R&T save for the costs of the
discovery applications in Summons Nos 4346 of 2020 (in OS 666) and 4347 of
2020 (in OS 704) (see the Striking-Out GD at [47]), noting that insofar as the
parties had not resolved the quantum of costs on the Striking-Out
applications, they were at liberty to raise the issue before the court.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the High Court

Ong Ziying, Clement and Khoo Shufen Joni (Damodara Ong LLC) for the applicant
in OS 666;

Christopher Anand s/o Daniel and Yeo Yi Ling Eileen (Advocatus Law LLP) for
the applicant in OS 704;

Toby Landau QC (Essex Court Chambers Duxton) (instructed) and Liew Wey-Ren
Colin (Colin Liew LLC) for the respondent in OS 666 and OS 704.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Jun 2021 (11:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

