Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 03

Suit No 763 of 2020 (Summons No 3799 of 2020)

Between

(1)| Chen Mingxing  
---|---  
(2)(3)(4)(5)| Deng YuhaoWu JiaqiHuang HaiZhu Tao  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Zhang Jian  
---|---  
(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)| Zhao XinLiu YunhuaQuak Choon ChaiDeng RongEminence Investment
Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Injunctions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chen Mingxing and others

  
v

  

Zhang Jian and others

[2021] SGHC 03

High Court — Suit No 763 of 2020 (Summons No 3799 of 2020)  
See Kee Oon J  
11, 13 November, 24 November 2020

5 January 2021

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 In this summons, the plaintiffs sought an interim injunction to restrain the
1st to 5th defendants (the “defendants”) from disposing of any shares in OEL
(Holdings) Limited (“OEL”) held in their names and reducing or diluting the
share value pending the trial of this action or further order. This included,
but was not limited to, voting in favour of any proposed share placement(s) by
OEL during any extraordinary or annual general meeting. The plaintiffs claimed
that they had paid a sum of $7.7 million to the 1st and 2nd defendants with
the intention of investing in OEL’s shares, rather than to benefit the
defendants.

2 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I granted the interim injunction as
sought by the plaintiffs on 13 November 2020. On 16 and 17 November 2020, the
defendants made a request for further arguments to be heard. I partially
allowed the defendants’ request and after considering the parties’
submissions, I varied the interim injunction by limiting it to 197,545,000 of
the ordinary shares in OEL which were purchased on or around 16 December 2019
by the defendants. The parties were informed of the variation order by way of
a registrar’s notice dated 7 December 2020. Pursuant to a further
clarificatory request, the terms of the draft Order of Court were clarified by
a second registrar’s notice dated 11 December 2020.

3 The defendants have since filed an application for leave to appeal against
my decision. I now set out my grounds of decision in full.

Background

4 The 1st to 3rd plaintiffs are Cambodian citizens, while the 4th and 5th
plaintiffs are Chinese citizens. The plaintiffs are private investors and
businessmen who work and reside in Cambodia. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at paras 3–4

They were looking for investment opportunities in Singapore sometime around
September to October 2019.

5 The 1st defendant is a Chinese citizen and a Singapore permanent resident.
He has been the Chairman and Executive Director of OEL since 4 May 2020. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 11, p 69

He is the single largest shareholder in OEL, a company listed on the Catalist
of the Singapore Exchange. The 2nd defendant is a Chinese citizen residing and
working in Singapore. Since 20 January 2020, the 2nd defendant has been
appointed the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of OEL. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 160

The 3rd defendant is a Singapore citizen and a business consultant in OEL. The
1st to 5th defendants are all shareholders in OEL. The 6th defendant, Eminence
Investment Pte Ltd ("EI"), is a company incorporated in Singapore and is in
the business of providing management consultancy and corporate investment
services. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at paras 5–15; Defence at paras 5–12

The 1st defendant is also the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of
EI, whilst the 2nd defendant was a former Executive Director of EI and the 3rd
defendant is the Executive Director and Chief Economist of EI. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 16; Defence at para 13

6 Ms Wang Jue or “Jess” (“WJ”) is a Singapore citizen and a shareholder and
director of Hai Sin International Pte Ltd (“HS International”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Wang Jue’s 2nd affidavit at para 1

She was the plaintiffs’ contact person in Singapore and was allegedly
responsible for recommending that they should purchase shares in OEL. WJ was
an Executive Director of OEL from 27 February 2020 until 26 June 2020. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at paras 63, 79

She continues to be a shareholder in OEL and is also involved in the
management of various other business entities.

7 WJ and the defendants entered into a Sales and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”)
with one Mr Jeffrey Hing Yih Peir (“Mr Hing”) on or around 16 December 2019 to
purchase a total of 197,545,000 ordinary shares in OEL (“OEL Shares”). Under
the SPA, Mr Hing disposed of his entire interest in the share capital of OEL,
representing 29.56% of the issued and paid up capital of OEL. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 179

The proportions in which the OEL Shares were transferred to the 1st to 5th
defendants and WJ are set out as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at para 45

1st defendant | 138,331,000 shares  
---|---  
2nd defendant| 13,773,000 shares  
3rd defendant| 10,692,000 shares  
4th defendant| 10,692,000 shares  
5th defendant| 10,692,000 shares  
WJ| 13,365,000 shares  
  
8 The OEL Shares were acquired from Mr Hing at approximately eight times their
market price. It was stated in the OEL Board of Directors’ response to queries
raised by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited in relation to the
acquisition of the OEL Shares that the price was reached on a “willing buyer
willing seller basis”, with the purchasers taking into consideration that Mr
Hing would be giving up his position as the controlling shareholder of OEL. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 476 (Query 3)

9 In or around early May 2020, the plaintiffs were allegedly concerned about
the 1st and 2nd defendants’ disproportionately high salaries. They also found
out that OEL had entered into a loan agreement which was secured by, among
other things, a first legal mortgage over OEL’s leasehold property at 8
Aljunied Avenue 3, Singapore 389933 (the “Property”). Thus, the plaintiffs
instructed WJ to request the defendants to execute a share pledge in respect
of the OEL Shares in favour of the plaintiffs. This request was rejected. The
plaintiffs further began to harbour doubts over the 1st defendant’s
qualifications and capabilities. The plaintiffs eventually proceeded to issue
letters of demand including two on 15 July 2020 and 4 August 2020 seeking,
inter alia, the return of the OEL Shares. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at pp 520–527; 888–897

The plaintiffs also claimed for the return of monies totalling $1,656,110.72
comprising $1,190,000 which was allegedly used by the 1st defendant to provide
a director’s loan to OEL and the balance surplus monies. On 18 August 2020, a
day before the underlying suit (Suit 763 of 2020) was commenced on 19 August
2020, OEL made an announcement that it had entered into an agreement for the
placement of ordinary shares in OEL with 16 subscribers on 17 August 2020 (the
“August placement”). The 3rd defendant was one of the subscribers. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 107; p 954

10 The focus of the injunction application was on the OEL Shares. The
plaintiffs claimed that the defendants held the OEL Shares for them on trust,
or that they had been unjustly enriched. In the present summons, the
plaintiffs therefore sought an interim injunction to restrain the defendants
from disposing of any shares in OEL held in their names and reducing or
diluting the share value pending the trial of this action or further order.

The parties’ pleaded cases

11 WJ played a pivotal role in the arrangements for both the plaintiffs and
the defendants. Both the pleaded cases of the plaintiffs and the defendants in
the underlying suit relied heavily on what WJ had purportedly informed them
of.

12 The plaintiffs pleaded, inter alia, that there was a presumed resulting
trust whereby the defendants held the OEL Shares on trust for the plaintiffs,
or alternatively that the Shares were held on remedial constructive trust for
them. As a further alternative, the plaintiffs pleaded that the defendants had
been unjustly enriched with the monies spent on purchasing the OEL Shares.

13 According to the plaintiffs, they had paid $7.7 million pursuant to an
agreed investment plan involving, inter alia, the purchase of the OEL Shares
for $6,043,889.28 by the defendants and WJ, and the shares would be held on
trust for the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs entered into this arrangement because
they did not have CDP accounts and would require the OEL Shares to be held on
trust for them until they could set up such accounts. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at paras 29(a)–29(b)

The plaintiffs would pay a further $1,656,110.72 to the 1st and 2nd defendants
for use as cashflow for the benefit of the plaintiffs and/or OEL, subject to
the plaintiffs’ instructions and consent. As part of the plan, WJ, together
with the 1st and 2nd defendants, would be appointed to OEL’s key management
positions and the plaintiffs themselves would be employed by OEL and/or its
subsidiaries to assist with the development of the businesses of OEL and/or
its subsidiaries. WJ had communicated the plan to the plaintiffs in late
November 2019 and informed them that this was the 1st and 2nd defendants’
proposal. The plaintiffs agreed to the proposal.

14 The defendants maintained that they had no knowledge of any alleged
communications between the plaintiffs and WJ. They contended instead that WJ
had coordinated and structured all arrangements with the plaintiffs. The 1st
defendant had agreed in October 2019 for WJ to procure investors (ie, the
plaintiffs) who were looking to invest for residency in Singapore to invest
$7.7 million with her or her companies through “Investment Contracts”. In
turn, through her companies or otherwise, WJ would lend the $7.7 million to EI
(the “Loan Agreement”). The loan would be repaid after four years and WJ would
be paid a commission or return on investment of $1 million. The OEL Shares
were procured as investments by the defendants and WJ in their own personal
capacities. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence at para 22(a)

In particular, EI had provided loans to the 1st to 3rd defendants for their
personal investments, and EI had paid for shares in OEL which were given to
the 4th and 5th defendants as well as WJ for their contributions in the
acquisition of the OEL Shares. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence at paras 61–62

Issues before the court

15 The criteria for the grant of an interlocutory injunction were not in
dispute. The key questions were therefore whether there was a serious issue to
be tried and whether the balance of convenience favoured the grant of the
injunction sought (American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd [1975] 1 AC 396).

Serious issue to be tried

Parties’ submissions

16 The plaintiffs submitted that there was a serious issue to be tried as to
whether the 1st to 5th defendants held the OEL Shares on resulting trust for
the plaintiffs. First, there was evidence that the plaintiffs had transferred
$7.7 million to EI’s bank account, which was used by the defendants to
purchase the OEL Shares. Second, the defendants knew that the monies used for
the purchase of the OEL Shares came from the plaintiffs and that the
plaintiffs had transferred these monies with no intention to benefit the
defendants. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletal Submissions (“PSS”) at paras 58–64

17 Further, the plaintiffs would not have entered into the purported
“Investment Contracts” with WJ and/or her companies to invest for residency in
Singapore given that the plaintiffs did not even enter Singapore at all
material times. As for the purported Loan Agreement between WJ and/or her
companies and EI, it would not be logical for WJ to extend such a sizeable
loan in the absence of any written loan agreements, personal guarantees or
evidence of such a loan. In relation to the alleged loan agreements between EI
and the 1st to 3rd defendants, the loan agreements exhibited by the defendants
did not indicate that they were for the purpose of purchasing the OEL Shares.
As the defendants had used the $7.7 million from the plaintiffs to purchase
the OEL Shares, there was also a serious issue to be tried in respect of
whether a presumed resulting trust had arisen over the OEL Shares. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PSS at paras 65–75

18 The plaintiffs further submitted that there was a serious question to be
tried in respect of whether a remedial constructive trust should be imposed
over the OEL Shares in their favour. The defendants had known as early as
November or December 2019 that the plaintiffs were providing monies for the
purchase of the OEL Shares. Even if they were under the mistaken impression
that the sum of $7.7 million had been advanced as a loan to EI when the OEL
Shares were procured, letters of demand were sent to the defendants demanding
that they either return the OEL Shares or provide an undertaking not to
dispose or dissipate the shares. It should have become clear to them at that
point that the shares were bought using the plaintiffs’ monies. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PSS at paras 76–79

19 Conversely, the defendants submitted that there was no serious question to
be tried, as the plaintiffs’ claim was frivolous and vexatious, and
unsupported by documentary evidence. The plaintiffs and the defendants did not
know each other or communicate directly at all material times, such that the
plaintiffs’ claims rested entirely on what they claimed WJ had told them.
However, none of the defendants had authorised WJ to make any representations
on their behalf. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions (“DWS”) at paras 37–38

There was also no written agreement or evidence either of the plaintiffs’
communications with WJ or of the purported agreement between the plaintiffs
and the defendants. The defendants also claimed that the plaintiffs’ version
of events was not possible, for the following reasons:

(a) the plaintiffs did not know about the existence of the OEL Shares as late
as May 2020;

(b) the plaintiffs could have set up their own CDP accounts; and

(c) there was no reason for the defendants to hold the OEL Shares on trust for
the plaintiffs for free when they had no prior relationship, and it would have
been sufficient for WJ, as the plaintiffs’ contact point, to be the only
trustee. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DWS at para 43

20 The defendants further submitted that there was evidence of the “Investment
Contracts” entered into between the plaintiffs and WJ and/or her companies, as
well as the Loan Agreement between them and WJ and/or her companies.

21 Finally, the defendants submitted, relying on Ochroid Trading Ltd and
another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another [2018]
SLR 363 (“Ochroid Trading”) at [145], that the principle of stultification
would preclude a claim in unjust enrichment if doing so would undermine the
fundamental policy that rendered the underlying contract void and
unenforceable in the first place”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DWS at paras 104–111

The defendants argued that the plaintiffs had entered into “Investment
Contracts” with WJ to procure employment passes with a view to obtaining
permanent residency in Singapore, and had also submitted false educational
certificates to the authorities. As the conduct of the plaintiffs and WJ was
in contravention of the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap 91A, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“EFMA”), the principle of stultification would operate to preclude the
plaintiffs’ claims in trust or unjust enrichment.

22 In response, the plaintiffs submitted that the defendants’ allegations that
the “Investment Contracts” between the plaintiffs and WJ and/or her companies
were tainted with illegality and/or were void were spurious. Relying on Baker,
Michael A (executor of the estate of Chantal Burnison, deceased) v BCS
Business Consulting Services Pte Ltd and others [2020] 4 SLR 85 (“Baker”), the
plaintiffs submitted that even if the “Investment Contracts” existed, the
illegality alleged was too remote and had limited applicability to an
independent cause of action in trust. Further, the defendants were not parties
to the “Investment Contracts” and therefore had no standing to raise this
defence. In any event, the court should not be resolving such conflicts of
fact at this interlocutory stage. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PWS at paras 80–84

My decision

23 My observations in the present instance were based only on the affidavit
evidence before me and the parties’ submissions in relation to the application
for an interim injunction. Viewing the evidence as a whole, the plaintiffs’
claims that the OEL Shares were held by the defendants on trust for them or
that the defendants were unjustly enriched by the plaintiffs’ monies were not
frivolous or vexatious. Accordingly, I found on the facts that there were
serious issues to be tried.

Whether the $7.7m received by EI was transferred from the plaintiffs

24 I was persuaded that there was prima facie evidence that $7.7 million was
paid by the plaintiffs and received by EI. I was of the view that the
plaintiffs did not merely park the sum of $7.7 million with WJ and/or her
companies so that she could loan this sum to EI.

25 It was undisputed that $7.7 million (less bank charges) was transferred by
Hongkong Huaxinxin Trade Co. Limited, HS International, and the 3rd to 5th
plaintiffs to EI. The remitting parties which transferred the monies were also
undisputed and are set out below: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence at para 22(e); Reply at para 6

S/N| Amount| Date of receipt| Remitting party  
---|---|---|---  
1 | 749,990| 6 December 2019| Hongkong Huaxinxin Trade Co. Limited  
2| 749,990| 9 December 2019| Hongkong Huaxinxin Trade Co. Limited  
3| 790,000| 13 December 2019| HS International  
4| 790,000| 13 December 2019| HS International  
5| 790,000| 16 December 2019| HS International  
6| 750,000| 20 December 2019| 3rd plaintiff  
7| 750,000| 26 December 2019| 4th plaintiff  
8| 750,000| 6 January 2020  
| 5th plaintiff  
9| 790,000| 6 January 2020  
| HS International  
10| 790,000| 16 January 2020  
| HS International  
  
(1) Evidence of monies transferred from the plaintiffs to EI

26 According to the plaintiffs, they were informed by WJ in or around December
2019 that the 1st and 2nd defendants had instructed them to pay $7.7 million
to EI’s bank account. Accordingly, the plaintiffs made payment to EI’s bank
account in tranches during the period from 4 December 2019 to 16 January 2020.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC at paras 33–35

In respect of the five tranches of $790,000 transferred from HS International
to EI's bank account, the plaintiffs averred that these were transferred by WJ
on their behalf. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 31

The two transfers made by Hong Kong Huaxinxin Trade Co. Limited were made on
behalf of the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs. The plaintiffs had therefore each paid
$1,540,000 to the 1st and 2nd defendants by transferring the monies to EI’s
bank account. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 47

The plaintiffs argued that if they had separate “Investment Contracts” with
WJ, they would have transferred the monies to WJ and/or her companies, and not
to the 1st and 2nd defendants by transferring the monies to EI as instructed.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 34

27 The fact that some of the monies were transferred through other entities
and not directly from the plaintiffs to EI’s bank account did raise questions
as to why such a mode of channeling the funds was necessary. Nonetheless,
there was sufficient prima facie objective evidence that the total sum of $7.7
million was paid from the plaintiffs to EI. The plaintiffs had highlighted
transfer details reflected in EI’s bank account statements, payment vouchers,
official receipts and invoices, many of which made reference to the monies
having come from the plaintiffs. The evidence adduced in the 1st plaintiff’s
affidavit in support of the case that the monies transferred to EI came from
the plaintiffs is set out below: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 46; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at paras
56–57

S/N| Amount| Purported Source of Monies 29

##### Foot Note 29

× SOC at para 35  | Evidence   
---|---|---|---  
1 | $749,990, received by EI on 6 December 2019| 1st plaintiff(through Hongkong Huaxinxin Trade Co. Limited)| (a) Payment voucher issued from EI to Hong Kong Huaxinxin Trade Co Ltd for payment of $750,000 dated 4 December 2019, with the “Project Name” listed as “Investment Funds from Chen Mingxing” and description stated as “Total of SGD 750,000, in respect of the ‘Singapore Listed Companies Investment Management Delegation Agreement’ soon to be signed between Chen Mingxing and Eminence Investment”; 30

##### Foot Note 30

× Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 173  (b) Official receipt issued from EI to
Hong Kong Huaxinxin Trade Co Ltd for $750,000 (minus bank charges) dated 6
December 2019, with a remark stating that the sum was “Partial payment in
respect of ‘Singapore Listed Companies Investment Management Delegation
Agreement’…entered into with Chen Mingxing”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 369; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 169  
2| $749,990, received by EI on 9 December 2019| 2nd plaintiff (through
Hongkong Huaxinxin Trade Co. Limited)| (a) Payment voucher issued from EI to
Hong Kong Huaxinxin Trade Co Ltd for payment of $750,000 dated 5 December
2019, with the “Project Name” stated as “Investment funds from Deng Yuhao” and
description stated as “Total of SGD 750,000, in respect of the ‘Singapore
Listed Companies Investment Management Delegation Agreement’ soon to be signed
between Deng Yuhao and Eminence Investment” 32

##### Foot Note 32

× Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 196  (b) Official receipt issued from EI to
Hong Kong Huaxinxin Trade Co Ltd for $750,000 (minus bank charges) dated 9
December 2019, with a remark stating that the sum was “Partial payment in
respect of ‘Singapore Listed Companies Investment Management Delegation
Agreement’…entered into with Deng Yuhao” 33

##### Foot Note 33

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 353; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 192  
3| $790,000, received by EI on 13 December 2019| 1st plaintiff(through HS
International)| (c) Transfer details reflected on EI’s bank account statement
as “Other Investment Fund – Cheng Ming Xin” [sic]; 34

##### Foot Note 34

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 341 (d) Payment voucher issued from EI to
HS International for payment of $790,000 dated 5 December 2019, with “Project
Name” stated as “For Chen Mingxing Listed Companies Investment Funds”; 35

##### Foot Note 35

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 378; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 183
(e) Official receipt issued from EI to HS International for $790,000 dated 13
December 2019, with a remark stating that the sum was “Partial payment in
respect of ‘Singapore Listed Companies Investment Management Delegation
Agreement’…entered into with Chen Mingxing”; 36

##### Foot Note 36

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 375; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 179
(f) Invoice dated 6 December 2019 issued from HS International to Chen
Mingxing with description stated as “Partial Investment Fund for OEL
(Holdings) Limited @ total SGD 1,540,000 (Received on behalf Eminence
Investment Pte Ltd and will transfer to EI after fund received); 37

##### Foot Note 37

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 352 (g) Payment voucher issued from HS
International to EI for payment of $790,000 dated 13 December 2019, with
description stated as “Payment on behalf – Listed Companies Investment Fund
for Chen Mingxing”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 387  
4| $790,000, received by EI on 13 December 2019| 2nd plaintiff(through HS
International)| (a) Transfer details reflected on EI’s bank account statement
as “Other Investment Fund – Deng Yu Hao”; 39

##### Foot Note 39

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 341 (b) Payment voucher issued from EI to
HS International for payment of $790,000 dated 5 December 2019, with “Project
Name” stated as “For Deng Yu Hao Listed Companies Investment Funds”; 40

##### Foot Note 40

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 356; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 204
(c) Official receipt issued from EI to HS International for $790,000 dated 13
December 2019 with a remark stating that the sum was “Partial Payment in
respect of ‘Singapore Listed Companies Investment Management Delegation
Agreement’…entered into with Deng Yuhao”; 41

##### Foot Note 41

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 364; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 202
(d) Invoice dated 1 December 2019 issued from HS International to Deng Yuhao
with description stated as “Partial Investment Fund for OEL (Holdings) Limited
@ total SGD 1,540,000 (Received on behalf Eminence Investment Pte Ltd and will
transfer to EI after fund received); 42

##### Foot Note 42

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 345 (e) Payment voucher issued from HS
International to EI for payment of $790,000 dated 13 December 2019, with
description stated as “Payment on behalf – Listed Companies Investment Fund
for Deng Yuhao”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 388  
5| $790,000, received by EI on 16 December 2019| 3rd plaintiff (through HS
International)| (a) Transfer details reflected on EI’s bank account statement
as “Other Investment Fund – Wu Jia Qi”; 44

##### Foot Note 44

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 341 (b) Payment voucher issued from EI to
HS International for payment of $790,000 dated 12 December 2019, with “Project
Name” stated as “For Wu Jia Qi Funds for investing in listed companies”; 45

##### Foot Note 45

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 358; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 219
(c) Official receipt issued from EI to HS International Pte Ltd for $790,000
dated 16 December 2019 with a remark stating that the sum was “Partial payment
in respect of ‘Singapore Listed Companies Investment Management Delegation
Agreement’…entered into with Wu Jiaqi”; 46

##### Foot Note 46

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 367; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 217
(d) Invoice dated 14 December 2019 issued from HS International to Wu Jiaqi
with description stated as “Partial Investment Fund for OEL (Holdings) Limited
@ total SGD 1,540,000 (Received on behalf Eminence Investment Pte Ltd and will
transfer to EI after fund received); 47

##### Foot Note 47

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 366 (e) Payment voucher issued from HS
International to EI for payment of $790,000 dated 16 December 2019, with
description stated as “Payment on behalf – Listed Companies Investment Fund
for Wu Jiaqi”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 389  
6| $750,000, received by EI on 20 December 2019| 3rd plaintiff| Official
receipt issued from EI to Wu Jiaqi for receipt of $750,000 dated 20 December
2019, stating in remarks that the sum was “Partial payment in respect of
‘Singapore Listed Companies Investment Management Delegation
Agreement’…entered into with Wu Jiaqi”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

× Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 214  
7| $750,000, received by EI on 26 December 2019| 4th plaintiff| -  
8| $750,000, received by EI on 6 January 2020| 5th plaintiff| -  
9| $790,000, received by EI on 6 January 2020| 4th plaintiff (through HS
International)| (a) Transfer details reflected on EI’s bank account statement
as “Other Investment Fund- Huang Hai”; 50

##### Foot Note 50

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 343 (b) Invoice dated 26 December 2019
issued from HS International to Huang Hai with description stated as “Partial
Investment Fund for OEL (Holdings) Limited @ total SGD 1,540,000 (Received on
behalf Eminence Investment Pte Ltd and will transfer to EI after fund
received); 51

##### Foot Note 51

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 383 (c) Payment voucher issued from HS
International to EI for payment of $790,000 dated 6 January 2020, with
description stated as “Payment on behalf – Listed Companies Investment Fund
for Huang Hai”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 390  
10| $790,000, received by EI on 16 January 2020| 5th plaintiff (through HS International) | (a) Transfer details reflected on EI’s bank account statement as “Other Investment Fund – Zhu Tao”; 53

##### Foot Note 53

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 343 (b) Invoice dated 12 December 2019
issued from HS International to Zhu Tao with description stated as “Partial
Investment Fund for OEL (Holdings) Limited @ total SGD 1,540,000 (Received on
behalf Eminence Investment Pte Ltd and will transfer to EI after fund
received); 54

##### Foot Note 54

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 357 (c) Payment voucher issued by HS
International to EI for payment of $790,000 dated 16 January 2020, with
description stated as “Payment on behalf – Listed Companies Investment Fund
for Zhu Tao”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

× Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 391  
  
28 In response, the defendants submitted that the bulk of the $7.7 million was
transferred by HS International to EI pursuant to the Loan Agreement between
WJ and/or her companies and EI. The three tranches of payments made by the
plaintiffs were made pursuant to WJ’s instructions. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DWS at para 59

The monies for the purchase of the OEL Shares were therefore transferred
pursuant to the Loan Agreement and did not come from the plaintiffs. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DWS at paras 64–65

In relation to the references to “Investment Fund” on the bank transfer
details, the defendants argued that WJ and the 1st defendant had initially
discussed entering into an investment immigration business plan, which
involved facilitating the investments of Hong Kong residents into Singapore.
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at paras 15–16

Pursuant to this plan, HS International and EI entered into an Investment
Consultant Collaboration Contract dated 13 September 2019 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 24; pp 190–196

and an Investment Based Immigration Collaboration Framework Agreement dated 3
October 2019, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 31; pp 267–279

and also prepared slides to be shown to potential investors. However, the
investment immigration business plan was never executed, such that the two
agreements and the slides were never used or acted upon. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 36

Instead, the investment immigration business plan was converted into
“something that was essentially a loan agreement whereby [the defendants]
would just return the loaned monies [to WJ and/or her companies] after [four]
years”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 95

29 As for the payment vouchers drawn up by WJ or HS International, the
defendants argued that they were inaccurate, as seen from the fact that the
vouchers stated that the payments were made for a “Listed Companies Investment
Fund”, which did not exist. The plaintiffs had themselves admitted that they
did not sign any “Singapore Listed Companies Investment Management Delegation
Agreements” which were reflected on several of the official receipts and
payment vouchers issued by EI and that they were not aware of such agreements.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 30

Finally, the invoices sent from HS International to the plaintiffs stating
that their monies were “received on behalf” of them were all created by WJ to
support the present proceedings. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at para 138

30 However, these assertions and explanations given by the parties, including
why contracts which did not exist were reflected on these documents, were
disputes of fact that had to be tested with further evidence. On the face of
the contemporaneous documents exhibited by the plaintiffs, multiple documents
directly made reference to the plaintiffs and suggested that the monies were
being transferred by them in relation to some palpable form of investment.
Several invoices also stated that monies were being received on behalf of the
plaintiffs to be transferred to EI, and several payment vouchers stated that
monies had been transferred on the plaintiffs’ behalf. The defendants also had
no real answer to why some $2.25m worth of the remittances to EI were made
directly by the 3rd to 5th plaintiffs.

31 The text messages highlighted by the plaintiffs further supported the
conclusion that there was prima facie evidence that the monies paid to EI had
come from the plaintiffs. I noted that the defendants had argued that the
plaintiffs had misinterpreted, cherry-picked or taken certain messages out of
context to support their case. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS at para 45

It was apparent that the contexts of the messages relied upon by both parties
were frequently unclear and the interpretations of these messages subject to
debate. However, they nevertheless pointed to there being some evidence in
support of the plaintiffs’ version of events. It was not at all plain and
obvious that the defendants’ account was more plausible or had to be
preferred.

32 The plaintiffs highlighted multiple examples where the 1st and 2nd
defendants had acknowledged the payment of monies from the plaintiffs, and
where the defendants had sent chasers which were conveyed to WJ for subsequent
tranches of payment which were expected from the “investors”. These
acknowledgements were extracted from messages in a “Dr Zhang” WeChat group
chat, which consisted of WJ and the 1st and 2nd defendants. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 41

Examples of such acknowledgements and chasers are as follows:

(a) On 14 December 2019 at 9.28pm, the 2nd defendant sent a message in the
group chat stating: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 49(f); pp 413–414

Good Afternoon Jess [ie, WJ]!

May I trouble you to speed up and confirm the following matters with the
intermediary:

1\. The proof of payment and identify which investor it is for.

2\. Currently, I’ve only received 2 investors’ payments, I don’t know if the
third investor’s payment of $750,000 has been transferred, may I trouble you
to confirm this.

3\. Have the remaining 2 investors’ monies been transferred?

(b) On 17 December 2019, the 2nd defendant sent a message stating: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 49(j); pp 426–427

Jess, please acknowledge receipt of the payment vouchers that need to be
filled up by the Hong Kong intermediary:

1\. From: them (Full Name)

2\. To EI (Full Name)

3\. Amount and details

4\. For which investor

5\. Bank receipt serial number of the bank where payment is from

6\. Sign

After collecting it back, our company will sign the payment vouchers and scan
it back. At the same time, we will send the receipt.

The 2nd defendant then proceeded to attach two payment vouchers titled
“Payment voucher – HK – Deng Yuhao.pdf” and “Payment Voucher – HK – Chen
Mingxing.pdf” in relation to the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs for use as
“benchmarks”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 427

(c) On 26 December 2019 at 9.10pm, the 2nd defendant sent a message in the
group chat stating: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 49(l); p 435

With regards to the payment situation for the 6 investors:

1\. I’ve already received the full payment of 1.54m/ person for 3 of the
investors (Chen Mingxing, Deng Yuhao, Wu Jiaqi) * May I trouble you to prepare
all the payment voucher details for Wu Jiaqi’s 1.54m

2\. I’ve already received Huang Hai’s 750k payment  
*Please prepare the payment voucher details for Huang Hai  
*Please transfer the 790k for Huang Hai tonight. 25% deposit and 540k special investment amount

3\. With regards to Zhu Tao’s funds, I’ve yet to received it  
*Please assist by rushing …

33 The plaintiffs argued that these messages showed that the 1st and 2nd
defendants were expecting to receive monies from the plaintiffs and not from
WJ. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 33

I agreed that these messages suggested that the plaintiffs had transferred
monies for the acquisition of the OEL Shares. The 1st and 2nd defendants had
also specifically asked for information on the identities of each “investor”
who had made payment. On the available evidence, an inference could reasonably
be drawn that the plaintiffs had transferred monies to the 1st and 2nd
defendants for the purpose of an investment in some tangible form.

(2) Existence of the purported “investment contracts”

34 The defendants further exhibited “Singapore Equity Investment Immigration
Service Delegation Contracts” which they claimed were the contracts entered
into between the plaintiffs and WJ and/or her companies. However, the
existence of these contracts was a disputed issue of fact. I return to these
contracts at [55] and [57] below.

35 The defendants further referred to a voice message sent by WJ to the 2nd
defendant on 21 May 2020, wherein she stated: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at paras 96–97; p 353

Because among these things, I do not want EI and my company to be mentioned.
The reason being, because currently those intermediaries are a little
suspicious, because they saw the public notice, they are a little suspicious
as to whether we took their money to buy our own shares. Therefore, I am of
the view that, EI to appear at a later stage with regard to this matter,
because I feel that…maybe…if things cannot work out when the time comes, I
will not let them meet first, but instead sign first. After signing, as long
as we provide them with a guarantee, that’s good enough. I will think of a way
to explain to them. And after explaining to them, if they can accept the
explanation, for the next step, when they come to the office, introduce them
to you and Dr.. And if they want to invest again, that will be their own
business, that’s my thoughts. For that, I have no obligations or
responsibilities.

[emphasis added]

36 According to the defendants, this message showed that WJ did not want the
plaintiffs to know about EI or her companies, and that there therefore had to
be a separate arrangement between WJ and the plaintiffs. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at paras 96–99

Further, this message showed that even the “intermediaries” who introduced the
plaintiffs to WJ did not know about the acquisition of the OEL shares as at
May 2020. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 104

The 1st defendant maintained that whatever WJ or the intermediary had informed
the plaintiffs of regarding their transfer of monies, it had nothing to do
with the OEL Shares. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 105

37 However, the defendants’ interpretation of the message could not be
accepted without more. To begin with, there was no evidence of who the
“intermediaries” referred to in the message were. The defendants suspected
that one such “intermediary” was one Evelyn Peh whom they claimed had
introduced the plaintiffs to WJ, but this was nothing more than mere
speculation. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 103; Certified Transcript (11 November
2020) at p 47 ln 19–26

There were at least two other messages where reference was made to an
“intermediary”, and in those messages, the “intermediary” appeared to be an
entity that assisted with fund transfers (see [32(a)] and [32(b)] above). To
compound the difficulty in relying on the message, it could arguably also have
been wrongly translated. The context of the message which referred to taking
“their money” could suggest that the “intermediaries” were the investors
themselves who were the source of the funds, and not the conduit through which
these funds flowed to EI.

38 Further, if there were “Investment Contracts” between WJ and/or her
companies and the plaintiffs that were entirely separate from the Loan
Agreement as the defendants claimed, it would be illogical for WJ to seek to
introduce the “intermediaries” or the investors to the 1st or 2nd defendants,
or to provide them with a guarantee that involved the 1st or 2nd defendants.
WJ’s statement that she would have “no obligations or responsibilities” in the
future was also inconsistent with the plaintiffs having invested with WJ
separately pursuant to “Investment Contracts”.

39 I noted that there were anomalies and inconsistencies in both parties’
pleaded cases and the affidavit evidence. The fact that there was no written
agreement setting out any of the purported investment arrangements that the
plaintiffs had arranged through WJ with OEL was undoubtedly questionable.
There were other matters which both the plaintiffs and defendants had not
fully explained. For example, it was unclear why WJ appeared not to have told
the plaintiffs that their funds were to be used for the immediate purpose of
the defendants’ purchase of the OEL shares from Mr Hing. I elaborate on this
observation further at [84] and [85] below.

(3) Existence of the purported Loan Agreement

40 The defendants argued that there was evidence of the Loan Agreement between
WJ and/or her companies and EI and that the monies were transferred from the
former to EI. In support of their case, the defendants first referred to
messages or transcripts of “WeChat” voice recordings where WJ made reference
to returning the “investors” their monies after four years. According to the
defendants, “investors” in the aforementioned messages referred to the
plaintiffs, and the reference to four years was made because EI was due to
return the loan amount to WJ and/or her companies after four years. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DWS at para 57

The defendants had surmised, based on the WeChat messages, that WJ and/or her
companies only had to return the plaintiffs’ investment monies to them after
the loan amount was repaid from EI to WJ and/or her companies. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 119

An example of one such voice recording was sent by WJ to the 2nd defendant on
21 May 2020, where WJ said (as transcribed and translated): 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 94; p 352

I understand this, I will think of a way to…er…I will also send my contract to
the lawyer to have a look. … And in doing so, when they read it, they will
feel better. My objective is, as long as, when the time comes, we return them
the money 4 years later, all will be good. Actually, the other things don’t
matter, because I do not wish to…that is…you were aware of about what had
happened to me earlier, all along I am of the view that, if they are willing
to accept, if ultimately everything was completed in a reasonable manner, then
it is okay.

[emphasis added]

41 On the same day, WJ also said to the 2nd defendant:

Eminence’s contract, actually, at that time…er…that…I did prepare one, but
because I drafted it myself, it was a badly drafted contract. If that contract
has to be used for the benefit of Eminence, I actually don’t mind. My main
thinking is, must be accountable to the investor, it’s that simple, must
provide the investor with guarantee. When the investor asks for the return of
the monies 4 years later, how to…let him know right now that he is very well-
protected, because otherwise, when they…now… when signing the contract, will
be asking a lot of question. Also, because ultimately our thinking is very
good, we were of the view that we will not owe them money, we will return
them, just to provide them with a reasonable explanation and guarantee, that’s
it.

[emphasis added]

42 The defendants argued that these messages showed that the initial
investment immigration business plan had been altered into a plan where they
would simply return WJ and/or her companies the loan after four years. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 95

However, the contexts of these messages were unclear and much of the content
in these messages was unexplained. For example, it was unclear what
“Eminence’s contract” WJ was referring to and what contract WJ was
contemplating getting the “investors” to sign. These messages did not clearly
and identifiably show that there was a Loan Agreement between WJ and/or her
companies with EI.

43 Second, the defendants pointed to transfers amounting to $750,000 made to
WJ’s companies, which they claimed was part payment for WJ’s commission of $1
million under the Loan Agreement. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at para 60; pp 164–168; 187–191; 210–211; 226–227

In relation to the balance sum, a personal loan of $250,000 had been extended
to WJ as EI did not have sufficient funds at that point in time and WJ had
expressed an urgent need for the monies 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at paras 59–61

44 WJ did appear to have benefited from her role in securing the necessary
funds for the purchase of the OEL Shares. However, it was not apparent from
the face of the payment vouchers, cheques and transaction advice documents of
monies transferred from EI to WJ’s companies that there was a Loan Agreement
pursuant to which commission was being paid to WJ. For example, the payment
voucher issued from EI to Indulgence Loyalty Pte Ltd (“Indulgence” – a company
in which WJ was a director 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 57

) merely stated that $200,000 had been paid to Indulgence pursuant to an “EI &
Indulgence Investment Consultant Collaboration Contract (Chen Mingxing)-
200,000 Consultancy Fee”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 164

The payment vouchers issued to Imperial Onyx Capital Pte Ltd (“Imperial”) and
Top Asia (also companies in which WJ was a director 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at pp 54, 61

) similarly indicated that sums were paid pursuant to an ‘Investment
Consultant Collaboration Contract’. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at pp 187–191; 210–211

As the 1st defendant himself had stated (see [28] above), the Investment
Consultant Collaboration Contract signed between HS International and EI was
not acted upon. It was not clear why this contract was reflected on the
payment vouchers and what the payments were in fact for.

45 As for the UOB transaction advice from EI to HS International, the
transaction details indicated that $150,000 was paid as “commission” pursuant
to a “service agreement”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at pp 226–227

Again, there was insufficient evidence of which “service agreement” was being
referred to, and the existence of such an agreement suggested that the
relationship between WJ and EI extended beyond that of the provision of a
loan. Similarly, the documents evidencing bank transfers amounting to $250,000
made to WJ’s bank account did not reveal the purpose of the said transfers, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at para 62, pp 228–230

and could not therefore clearly evidence a personal loan extended to WJ due to
EI not having sufficient funds to pay WJ for the commission at the material
time (see [43] above). .

46 Other available objective evidence also gave rise to the inference that the
monies were not transferred to EI pursuant to a mere Loan Agreement between WJ
and/or her companies and EI. WJ had exhibited slides titled “Eminence
Investment’s Cash Flow Strategy for Acquiring OEL” dated 6 December 2019 which
stated that WJ was “responsible for EP applications and shell capital
injection”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Wang Jue’s 2nd affidavit at para 30; p 281

I noted that apart from authorising WJ to take charge of these matters, the
slides referenced having to pay six investors substantial salaries of $15,000
per month and the need to provide for a budget that would “last about three
years” for the six investors’ salaries. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Wang Jue’s 2nd affidavit at p 270

It was in fact undisputed that it was initially envisaged that the plaintiffs
would work for OEL and/or its subsidiaries. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at para 80

The defendants argued that while the agreements between WJ and the plaintiffs
were separate from the Loan Agreement, WJ had proposed that the plaintiffs be
employees of OEL and/or its subsidiaries to contribute to the business. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at paras 26–27

However, it was unclear why the defendants and/or OEL would agree to employing
the plaintiffs if their agreement was solely with WJ.

47 Further, WJ had exhibited a signed and backdated agreement between HS
International and EI which was submitted to OCBC Bank when the bank queried HS
International as to why it had transferred more than $3 million to EI. WJ
averred that this agreement was drafted pursuant to the 1st defendant’s
instructions. The agreement stated that HS International was an agent “in a
position to refer potential clients/ customers” to EI. The responsibilities of
HS International included “[providing] referral service and related work for
the investment services, merger and acquisition, company restructuring and
asset management” and “[receiving] the investment fund on behalf and
[transferring] the payment to [EI’s] designated bank account”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Wang Jue’s 2nd affidavit at para 35; pp 223–225

The 1st defendant claimed that it was WJ who suggested putting together the
agreement and backdating it so as to provide the bank with an explanation.
Both parties were aware that the signed agreement was not intended to have any
legal effect and was only used to “pacify” the bank. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at paras 91–92

48 This agreement gave rise to further doubts as to the veracity of the
defendants’ claims. Regardless of the 1st defendant’s attempts to distance
himself from the contents of the agreement, I noted that the agreement was
signed by him with the knowledge that it was backdated. It was accepted by
both WJ and the 1st defendant that the document was created to provide an
explanation to OCBC for the transfer of large sums of money and it was not
clear why the contents in the agreement would have been fabricated. That said,
it was also not entirely clear precisely what the parties meant when they
explained that the letter was crafted only to “pacify” the bank.

49 Based on the documents adduced and the contemporaneous messages sent, there
was some evidence that WJ had collaborated with the 1st and 2nd defendants and
had not merely provided a loan to EI. Moreover, as the plaintiffs contended,
WJ stood to gain nothing by disclaiming the existence of the purported loan
agreement. On the totality of the evidence available at the present stage of
the proceedings, I was satisfied that there was prima facie evidence to show
that $7.7 million was paid from the plaintiffs to EI. Disputed issues of fact
such as whether the plaintiffs transferred monies to WJ and/or her companies
pursuant to purported “Investment Contracts” and whether the monies were
transferred to EI from WJ and/or her companies pursuant to the purported Loan
Agreement were issues that should be determined at trial. At present,
sufficient evidence had been adduced to attribute the transfer of $7.7 million
to EI to the plaintiffs. Notwithstanding that the plaintiffs’ evidence may
have revealed various gaps and deficiencies, the defendants were not
forthcoming as to the true extent of their knowledge and involvement as well.

Whether the defendants were aware of the source of the monies

50 It was not disputed that the funds paid to EI were in turn used, inter
alia, to finance the defendants’ purchase of OEL shares from the then-
controlling shareholder Mr Hing. On the defendants’ own case, the receipt of
the loan amount paid from WJ and/or her companies to EI under the purported
Loan Agreement was necessary for the payment of the OEL Shares and was “why
[EI] and [WJ and/or WJ’s companies] entered into the Loan Agreement in the
first place”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at para 51

51 Mr Hing’s controlling stake of 29.56% in OEL was acquired at a considerable
premium (see [8] above). The clear inference was that the defendants knew that
the plaintiffs would be involved as “investors”. Numerous references to the
plaintiffs as “investors” were made in the contemporaneous documents and group
chat messages. The defendants suggested that the term was used loosely and
simply meant that they were “investors” with WJ instead, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at para 50

but the objective evidence was inconclusive on this score.

52 The 1st plaintiff also exhibited messages sent in a WeChat group titled the
“AJJ” group chat, consisting of the 1st to 5th defendants, WJ and four others,
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 38

including a message sent by the 2nd defendant on 9 December 2019 stating: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 51(a); p 408

Please take note, our cost for acquisition of OEL is: 7,470,000.00 (from the
investors’ payments that we have received) + 2,660,000 (Second installment
[sic] of payment)

The plaintiffs submitted that these messages showed that the defendants must
have been aware that the monies for the OEL Shares came from the plaintiffs,
as all five defendants were part of the “AJJ” group chat. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 51

53 Taking the defendants’ case at its highest, the plaintiffs were “investors”
with WJ. Notwithstanding that, it was uncontroversial that the plaintiffs’
role was primarily to inject funds into EI to enable the acquisition of Mr
Hing’s shares. The defendants were therefore well aware of the source of the
funds and what they were intended for. I was conscious that it was highly
unusual that no written documentation existed setting out the plaintiffs’
alleged investment arrangement. Nevertheless, the plaintiffs’ claim that there
was an investment seemed rather more plausible than an unsecured “interest-
free loan” scenario (ie, a loan from WJ to EI for the $7.7 million), also
without any documentation whatsoever, as postulated by the defendants. On the
available evidence, it would also not seem plausible that the plaintiffs would
have agreed to entrust such substantial funds with WJ without any expectation
of return on their investment, but only repayment of the money in four years’
time. At any rate, the defendants had neither offered any cogent reasons nor
raised any concerns as to why the plaintiffs might have been prepared to
extend an undocumented and unsecured interest-free loan of $7.7 million
through WJ. The defendants were evidently happy to be on the receiving end of
funds. On a related note, the plaintiffs had highlighted the 1st and 2nd
defendants’ high monthly remuneration of $49,220 and $15,600 respectively.
Their combined annual basic salary would be $777,840, while OEL was
experiencing poor cashflow and had recorded revenue of only $180,000 for the
financial year ending December 2019.

The defendants’ submissions on illegality

54 Notwithstanding the defendants’ allegations pertaining to contravention of
the EFMA, WJ and the plaintiffs had stopped short of directly addressing the
issue of the Employment Pass (“EP”) applications for the plaintiffs and the
provenance of the various distance learning college degrees.

55 The defendants had exhibited documents which they argued were the
“Investment Contracts” entered into between the plaintiffs and WJ and/or her
companies, through which the plaintiffs were investing for the purpose of
obtaining residency in Singapore. These were the “Singapore Equity Investment
Immigration Service Delegation Contracts” which the plaintiffs and HS
International purportedly agreed to. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

CT (11 November 2020) at p 30 ln 5 to p 32 ln 16; Defendants’ Core Bundle of
Documents (“DCB”) at Tabs 24–28

These contracts provided for payment to be made in four instalments: $174,000
for the first instalment, $251,000 for the second, $40,000 for the third and
$20,000 for the fourth, as well as for EPs to be obtained by the plaintiffs as
part of the agreement. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCB at p 84 (Chen Mingxing), p 95 (Deng Yu Hao), p 106 (Wu Jia Qi), p 117
(Huang Hai), p 128 (Zhu Tao)

The defendants argued that the sums stated on the invoices issued from HS
International to the plaintiffs matched the amounts the plaintiffs were
required to pay under the contracts. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCB at pp 142–143 (Chen Mingxing- first instalment), pp 144–145 (Deng Yu Hao-
first instalment), pp 146–147 (Wu Jia Qi- first instalment), pp 148–149 (Huang
Hai- first instalment), pp 158–159 (Zhu Tao- first instalment), pp 150–151
(Chen Mingxing- second instalment), pp 152–153 (Deng Yu Hao- second
instalment), pp 154–155 (Wu Jia Qi- second instalment), pp 156–157 (Huang Hai-
second instalment), pp 160–161 (Zhu Tao- second instalment), pp 162–163 (Chen
Mingxing- third instalment), pp 164–165 (Deng Yu Hao- third instalment), pp
166–167 (Wu Jia Qi- third instalment), pp 168–169 (Zhu Tao- third instalment),
pp 170–171 (Huang Hai- third instalment)

Imperial’s ledger and the account statements of HS International also showed
that some payments had been made by the plaintiffs in sums matching that
required under the contracts. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

See, eg, DCB Tab 53 and Tab 57 (both referring to Cheque 696 from Huang Hai)

The defendants argued that the plaintiffs had entered into these contracts to
“purchase” EPs and ultimately to obtain permanent residency in Singapore.

56 The defendants further submitted that the 1st, 3rd and 5th plaintiffs had
acquired false educational certificates from institutes of higher learning and
made false declarations to the Ministry of Manpower to procure the EPs. The
defendants pointed to the 5th plaintiff’s purported certificate, college
transcript, resume and employment pass application which stated that he had
obtained a bachelor’s degree from Sheldon Jackson College located in Alaska in
the United States for which the period of study was from 2005 to 2008. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

CT (11 November 2020) at p 34 ln 8 to p 35 ln 15; DCB at pp 224, 225, 229, 234

However, the invoice issued from HS International to the 5th plaintiff, which
stated that the latter paid USD35,000 for an “Application for study in Sheldon
Jackson College”, was dated much later only on 4 October 2019. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

DCB p 237

This showed that the educational certificate must have been falsified. A
similar argument was made in relation to the 3rd plaintiff’s educational
certificate, purportedly also from Sheldon Jackson College, Alaska for the
period of study from 2006 to 2010. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DWS at para 96

57 In response, the plaintiffs argued that the “Singapore Equity Investment
Immigration Service Delegation Contracts” which were purportedly prepared for
them by WJ were unsigned and that they had never seen these contracts before.
They had also never issued or received the invoices exhibited by the
defendants. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 51

WJ in turn averred that the contracts were merely drafts prepared by her
secretary, one Ong Mei Yeng (“Ong”) during the initial stages of discussions
relating to the business plan. These drafts were never issued and later
abandoned. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Wang Jue’s 2nd affidavit at para 52

She further averred that the invoices were prepared by Ong, who did so for her
own working convenience. However, WJ later realized that the plaintiffs did
not require EPs in Singapore as they were running their own businesses in
Cambodia. As such, these draft invoices were never issued. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Wang Jue’s 2nd affidavit at para 24

58 The plaintiffs also averred that their investment in OEL had nothing to do
with acquiring residency in Singapore. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 46

They exhibited multiple emails sent in June and July 2020 by the 2nd defendant
and one Martina Binte Suratman inviting the plaintiffs to interviews with a
view to offering them employment in Singapore, which the plaintiffs did not
respond to. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 47; pp 242–264

The plaintiffs averred that if they had invested in order to obtain employment
passes, they would have replied to these emails. However, they did not do so
as they had lost trust in the 1st and 2nd defendants and no longer wished to
work with them. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at paras 47–48

Their EPs were thereafter cancelled.

59 The plaintiffs further argued that the defendants’ allegation that WJ had
assisted the 1st, 3rd and 5th plaintiffs to obtain false educational
certificates to procure the said employment passes in Singapore was baseless.
113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 52

The 1st plaintiff did not even use his purported falsified degree to apply for
the employment pass because it was not compulsory to have a degree
certificate. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 52; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at p 117

The invoice issued by HS International for the 1st plaintiff’s purported
application for study also did not match the name of the institute on the 1st
plaintiff’s purported educational certificate. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 52; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at pp
367, 369

60 However, the plaintiffs’ averments stopped short of explaining why they had
extended these distance learning college degree certificates to WJ and the
circumstances behind their procurement. The discrepancy in the invoice date
and period of study in relation to both the 3rd and 5th plaintiffs did raise
real doubt as to whether their certificates from Sheldon Jackson College were
genuine. It was not disputed that this degree qualification was declared in
the 3rd and 5th plaintiff’s EP forms submitted to the Ministry of Manpower.
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at pp 373, 382

The plaintiffs and WJ also did not explain the circumstances leading to the EP
applications being made for the plaintiffs and what employment opportunities
were envisaged for the plaintiffs at OEL and/or its subsidiaries. They also
did not provide an explanation for why payments appeared to have been made
from the plaintiffs to WJ for matters relating to EP applications.

61 There were also patent irregularities on the face of the documents. Given
the emphasis on illegality in the defendants’ submissions, I queried whether
the defendants had lodged any formal complaint with the authorities pertaining
to the alleged contravention of the EFMA. I was informed that they had drafted
a complaint but had yet to lodge it, ostensibly because they wished to conduct
further investigations and checks. I found the defendants’ posture difficult
to reconcile with their strenuous claims of illegality in the present case. A
plausible explanation for their restraint might lie in the defendants’
consciousness that they could be found to be complicit or at least to have
acquiesced; the defendants could not distance themselves completely from these
matters since there was some objective evidence of their knowledge or
involvement. The defendants were aware that in-principle approvals (“IPAs”)
were obtained for the plaintiffs’ EP applications to work at OEL or AJJ Health
Care Management Pte Ltd (“AJJ”), a subsidiary of OEL. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 140

As can be seen from the emails sent to the plaintiffs (see [58] above), the
defendants had envisaged that the plaintiffs would work in OEL and/or its
subsidiaries and were aware of their EP applications. The IPA letters for the
1st and 2nd plaintiffs (with OEL) were issued on 2 December 2019; 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at pp 274, 285

for the 3rd and 4th plaintiffs (with AJJ) on 9 April 2020; 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at pp 298, 311

and for the 5th plaintiff (with OEL) on 9 December 2019. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 43; p 324

62 The plaintiffs also exhibited a “WeChat” message sent by the 1st defendant
on 27 November 2019 in the “AJJ” group chat, wherein he stated: 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at paras 38–39; p 265

… We’ve already completed the SPA draft yesterday and submitted it to the
other party’s lawyer. For now, we need to do the best on our own part, please
take note and carry out the following work:

Jess: As the final date for signing the SPA is 6th January 2020, and we’ve
already completed EP applications for the 6 investors yesterday, we expect
that there will be results in approximately 2 weeks. I’ll give you one week’s
time!!! This includes completing all the administrative procedures required to
receive the funds. Hence, we need to begin work ahead of time, that is for all
the discussions with investors, the fund remittance and injection, the
preparation of the draft legal documents ([the 2nd defendant] and I will
cooperate with you) and other indispensable preparatory work. In simpler
terms, to do all work in advance! Remember: If we don’t fulfill the terms by
the final signing date of the SPA, we will face the major risk of being
sued!!!

…

[emphasis added]

63 On 3 December 2019, the 2nd defendant sent a message in the “Dr Zhang”
group chat, stating: 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 41; p 338

Jess [ie, WJ], as long as there are 4 EPs approved and the contracts are
signed, once the money arrives in Singapore we can immediately sign the SPA.

64 These messages suggested that there was some perceptible link between the
EP applications and procurement of funds for the acquisition of the OEL
shares, and that the 1st and 2nd defendants were aware of this.

65 There was also some evidence that the defendants were involved in the
process of applying for IPAs for the plaintiffs. On the “Dr Zhang” group chat,
the 2nd defendant wrote:

Dec 4, 2019 10.56[am] 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 392

[2nd defendant]: Good morning Jess!

Mr Deng’s side has already come out with an EP approval, while the other is
still pending. I am currently retrieving the IPA letter from Mr Deng, I’ll
send it to you once I’ve received it, just to let you know!

Dec 4, 2019 [1.19pm]

2nd defendant: Good afternoon Jess!

May I trouble you to acknowledge receipt of Wu Jiaqi’s IPA letter.

(IPA Wu Jiaqi – 04122019.pdf) (Sent PDF File)

Dec 9, 2019 [2.11pm] 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at pp 402-403

[2nd defendant]: Mr Deng is currently requesting the other party to send an
email to me. Once I’ve received it, I’ll forward the IPA to you.

Dec 9, 2019 [2.23pm]

(IPA- Huang Hai- 09122019.pdf) (Sent PDF File)

Dec 9, 2019 [3.03pm]

Jess, the document attached above is the IPA letter for Mr Deng’s M&E
Company’s second EP.

Also, OEL’s third EP has been approved,

Once I’ve received the IPA letter, I’ll forward it to you.

Just to inform you!

66 It was not entirely clear which IPA letters these were, since the 3rd and
4th plaintiffs’ IPAs with AJJ were issued at a later date on 9 April 2020. The
application date reflected on their IPAs was also a later date of 10 March
2020. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at pp 298, 311

In the 1st defendant’s 2nd affidavit, it was acknowledged that the 2nd
defendant had helped WJ with the EP applications, but that she was doing so
only to help WJ out. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Zhang Jian’s 2nd affidavit at paras 77–80

Nevertheless, it could be discerned from the messages that there appeared to
have been some involvement on the part of the 1st and 2nd defendants in the
process of the EP applications. At the least, they knew that the applications
were ongoing.

67 The case law relied upon by the parties, Ochroid Trading and Baker, sets
out the present state of the law. The Court of Appeal in Ochroid Trading
considered but did not come to a definitive conclusion on whether the
principle of stultification would apply to an independent cause of action in
trust premised on the plaintiff’s property or title in situations where the
underlying contract had been prohibited (Ochroid Trading at [161] and [168];
Baker at [274]). It would not be appropriate to determine at this
interlocutory stage whether the underlying “Investment Contracts” (if they
existed) were void and unenforceable by virtue of being prohibited by the EFMA
or otherwise tainted with illegality, and whether allowing a claim in unjust
enrichment or in trust would undermine the fundamental policy that rendered
those contracts unenforceable. For present purposes, it was arguable that the
submissions on illegality raised by the defendants were not too remote but
sufficiently proximate to the plaintiffs’ allegations that there was an
investment in OEL. But these were among the various issues of fact that were
contested. They were not capable of being resolved at this stage in the
proceedings.

Summary

68 In my view, the plaintiffs’ pleaded causes of action premised on a presumed
resulting trust or remedial constructive trust, or unjust enrichment in the
alternative, were not plainly frivolous or vexatious. The defendants could not
be said to be holding on to the shares on trust “for free” for the plaintiffs,
since it was only on account of the plaintiffs’ injection of funds that the
OEL share acquisition and the eventual appointments of the 1st defendant, 2nd
defendant and WJ to OEL could materialise.

69 To sum up, the evidence appeared to disclose an investment plan which the
defendants were aware of, and indeed had benefited from. No doubt there
remained unanswered questions and facts in contention, eg, over what the
plaintiffs and defendants truly knew or intended, or what WJ had in fact
communicated to them. But the disputed factual issues should be left to the
trial judge to determine. I was persuaded that the plaintiffs had shown that
there were serious questions to be tried in relation to their pleaded case.

Adequacy of damages and balance of convenience

Parties’ submissions

70 Turning next to whether damages would be an adequate remedy, the plaintiffs
submitted that damages would not be an adequate remedy as the plaintiffs had
wanted to obtain a controlling stake in OEL. It would be impossible to
quantify the monetary loss arising from the plaintiffs’ loss of the
controlling stake in OEL, and the dilution of their shareholding would be
irreversible. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Wu Jiaqi’s 5th affidavit at para 11

The plaintiffs also claimed that the defendants were not likely to have
sufficient financial means to pay for damages. The plaintiffs submitted that,
even on the defendants’ own case, the 1st to 3rd defendants had taken loans
from EI and would therefore be liable to EI for substantial sums (excluding
interest) of $3,560,031, $235,980 and $183,000 respectively. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PWS at para 88; Zhang Jian’s 1st affidavit at paras 69, 74

71 The plaintiffs further submitted that granting the interim injunction would
merely preserve the status quo as the defendants would be holding the OEL
shares under their own names till the determination of the suit. The
defendants would still be able to vote on matters relating to OEL’s key
business decisions, apart from matters relating to share placements. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PWS at para 94

The plaintiffs exhibited a letter issued by OEL to its shareholders dated 31
October 2020, in relation to (a) the proposed disposal of the Property; and
(b) the proposed issue and allotment of shares to the 1st and 2nd defendants
(the “Proposed Placement”), and the transfer of controlling interest in the
company to the 1st defendant as a result of the Proposed Placement. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Wu Jiaqi’s 4th affidavit at p 14

OEL would receive proceeds from the disposal of the said Property and there
was also no reason why OEL had to restrict its fund-raising mechanisms to
dilutive share placements. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PWS at para 95

The defendants also did not purchase the OEL Shares with their own monies.
Further, the 1st and 2nd defendants are foreigners who could liquidate the OEL
Shares and dissipate their assets before leaving Singapore thereafter.

72 Finally, there was a real risk that the defendants would dissipate the OEL
shares. First, the defendants had been unwilling to provide a letter of
undertaking that they would not sell and/or dispose the OEL shares. Second,
the share placements that the defendants engaged in previously had diluted the
plaintiffs’ shareholding in OEL. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PWS at para 103

The plaintiffs submitted that the OEL Shares represented 26.49% of OEL’s
existing and paid-up capital of 745,802,074 shares. The plaintiffs claimed
that upon completion of the August placement, their shareholding dropped to
approximately 21.15% of the enlarged issued and paid-up capital of OEL. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 109

The sale price of $0.0126 per placement share 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 954

offered and accepted for the August placement was also considerably lower than
the price of $0.030595 per share 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 476

which the plaintiffs had paid for the OEL Shares. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at para 110

Third, the 1st and 2nd defendants were the controlling minds of OEL who were
able to singlehandedly cause the dilution of the plaintiffs’ shareholding in
OEL and channel $550,000 of the August share placement proceeds 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Chen Mingxing’s 1st affidavit at p 962

towards the 1st defendant in purported repayment of what should have been the
plaintiffs’ loan to OEL. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PWS at paras 104–105

The plaintiffs also pointed out, in response to the defendants’ seventh head
of further argument (see [82(g)] below), that the 1st and 2nd defendants’
votes at OEL’s 2020 Annual General Meeting constituted 86.28% of the total
votes cast. The 1st and 2nd defendant were therefore largely responsible for
passing the resolution giving OEL’s directors the mandate to issue shares. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Plaintiffs’ response to request for further arguments dated 19 November 2020
at para 39; Wu Jia Qi’s 4th affidavit at p 68; Wu Jia Qi’s 5th affidavit at
para 10

An injunction should be granted to prevent the defendants from further dealing
with an asset in which the plaintiffs assert a proprietary interest. If the
defendants were allowed to sell, dispose of or dissipate the shares, certain
causes of action brought by the plaintiffs would be rendered nugatory. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PWS at para 102

The plaintiffs submitted that they remained, collectively, the largest single
shareholder, but this position could be jeopardised by further dilution of
their shares. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Chen Mingxing’s 3rd affidavit at para 21

73 In contrast, the defendants submitted that damages would be an adequate
remedy for the plaintiffs, as there was no supporting evidence that the
plaintiffs had wanted a controlling stake in OEL to begin with. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DWS at para 114

The plaintiffs, on their own case, were looking for investment opportunities
which could be valued in monetary terms. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DWS at para 117

In any event, OEL shares are publicly traded on the open market, and their
values would fluctuate in accordance with market forces. Therefore, having a
controlling stake would not enable the plaintiffs to control the value of OEL
Shares. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

DWS at para 119

The defendants also averred that the issuance of placement shares would not
lower OEL’s share value; even if it did, the plaintiffs’ losses could be
quantified. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

DWS at para 122

Further, the plaintiffs had not proven that the defendants would be unable to
pay damages. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DWS at para 127

74 The defendants claimed that damages would not be an adequate remedy for
them as they would be deprived of their rights to vote. As the 1st and 2nd
defendants held management positions in OEL, the grant of an interim
injunction would negatively impact OEL’s business. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

DWS at para 131

Although the plaintiffs had stated that they were prepared to give an
undertaking as to damages, such an undertaking was of little value as the
plaintiffs were foreigners.

My decision

75 The 1st to 5th defendants have not denied, and indeed they cannot deny,
that the OEL Shares were not purchased with their own money. I agreed with the
plaintiffs that it is uncertain whether the defendants would have sufficient
financial means to pay for damages. The evidence suggested that the
plaintiffs’ payments were meant as investments through the acquisition of OEL
shares (as structured by WJ) and not necessarily because they had wanted all
along to secure a controlling stake in OEL. However, the plaintiffs had
pleaded that the OEL shares were being held by the defendants on trust for
them. If the injunction was not granted and the defendants were at liberty to
dispose of the shares, it would render this cause of action nugatory and cause
irreversible damage to the plaintiffs.

76 For the same reason, the defendants’ shareholding should not be diluted by
share placements or reduced by sale to third parties pending the resolution of
the plaintiffs’ claim. The defendants could be adequately compensated in
damages and the plaintiffs were ready to give an undertaking as to damages.
Other than the fact that the plaintiffs were resident outside of jurisdiction,
the defendants had not pointed to any cogent reason why the plaintiffs would
not be in a financial position to compensate them if required. On the other
hand, as the plaintiffs rightly pointed out, the 1st and 2nd defendants are
Chinese citizens who could conceivably leave Singapore any time after
liquidating the OEL Shares and dissipating their assets to defeat any
potential judgment against them. In any event, if I have erred in my
determination that the plaintiffs would not be adequately compensated by
damages, the balance of convenience weighed in favour of granting the
plaintiffs an interim injunction.

77 I accepted the plaintiffs’ submission that there was evidence of a real
risk of dissipation of the shares unless the injunction was granted to
preserve the status quo ante. Two share placements had taken place in February
and August 2020, and another further placement had been proposed in OEL’s
October announcement. The OEL Shares had already been subjected to dilution
and possible reduction in value; there was thus evidence of dissipation
through fragmentation or dispersal of the shares through share placements. The
sale price of the shares in the August placement was significantly lower than
what was paid to Mr Hing for the OEL Shares, and there was evidence that the
1st and 2nd defendants were able to substantially influence the passing of
resolutions (including for the issuance of shares) despite there being other
shareholders in OEL. Share placements were also not the only fundraising
options available to OEL as I further explain at [97] and [98] below.
Moreover, the 1st to 5th defendants had refused to provide any undertaking not
to sell and/or dispose of the OEL Shares, or even to confirm whether any of
the shares had been sold, despite the objective evidence which the plaintiffs
adduced of high trading volumes in the shares in OEL in July and August 2020.

78 The evidence thus far indicated that the status quo ante should be
preserved to prevent the defendants from further diluting the value of the OEL
shares and/or from reneging on their implied undertaking to return the monies
to the plaintiffs. There was a real risk of both events occurring. This was
evident from the defendants’ steadfast denial of the plaintiffs’ involvement
as financiers or, in a loose sense, “investors” in the acquisition of the OEL
shares from Mr Hing, facilitating the takeover of Mr Hing’s majority stake in
OEL.

79 There was prima facie evidence pointing strongly to the defendants being
enabled to acquire the OEL shares only as a result of the plaintiffs’
injection of funds. The defendants claimed in the face of this evidence not to
be aware of how the plaintiffs were involved, on the main premise that they
did not know one another. They pointed instead to the funds ostensibly flowing
from WJ or her companies. Viewing the totality of the evidence in perspective,
the defendants’ denial appeared highly suspect.

80 Accordingly, I granted an injunction to restrain the disposal of the OEL
shares held by the defendants and reduction or dilution of the share value
pending the trial of this action or further order, as sought by the
plaintiffs.

Request for further arguments

81 Further arguments were subsequently requested by the defendants. I acceded
partially to this request and considered further arguments in relation to the
scope of the interim injunction which was ordered on 13 November 2020.

The seven heads of further arguments

82 The defendants sought to canvass seven heads of further arguments. These
were: 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Defendants’ Requests for Further Arguments (“RFA”) by letters dated 16 and 17
November 2020

(a) First, that the court had misapprehended the facts in finding that there
was prima facie evidence that $7.7 million was paid by the plaintiffs and
received by EI.

(b) Second, that the plaintiffs did not just park the sum of $7.7 million with
WJ and/or her companies so that the latter could loan the sum to EI, as the
plaintiffs were engaged in a scheme to buy employment passes so as to obtain
permanent residency in Singapore.

(c) Third, that the court had acknowledged that the plaintiffs had not
explained why WJ did not inform them that their funds were used for the
immediate purchase of the OEL Shares, and that it was therefore not possible
for the court to draw an inference that the plaintiffs were involved as
investors to acquire the OEL Shares (“the third argument”).

(d) Fourth, that the plaintiffs had not adduced any evidence which indicated
that the defendants intended to sell or otherwise dispose of the OEL Shares.

(e) Fifth, the balance of convenience lay in favour of not granting the
injunction.

(f) Sixth, order 1(a) of the original interim injunction order was too wide as
it covered any OEL shares held by the defendants and ought to be limited only
to the 197,545,000 ordinary shares in OEL purchased from Mr Hing (“the sixth
argument”).

(g) Seventh, order 1(b) should be set aside or varied as the scope of the
injunction was also too wide and would have a crippling effect on OEL (“the
seventh argument”).

83 In the defendants’ letter of 17 November 2020, they canvassed additional
submissions in respect of the sixth and seventh arguments and reiterated the
contention that the plaintiffs could not be said to be investors. I allowed
the request for further arguments only for the sixth and seventh arguments,
relating to the scope of the injunction. I did not have the benefit of hearing
full arguments on these areas from the parties during the hearing on 11
November 2020. As for the remaining heads and the additional argument in the
letter dated 17 November, I saw no reason to accede to the request. Except for
the third argument, substantially the same points had already been canvassed
at the hearing before me on 11 November 2020.

84 The third argument was a responsive argument to a comment made in my oral
remarks that WJ appeared not to have told the plaintiffs about the intended
purchase of the OEL Shares from Mr Hing from the outset. I made this comment
because the plaintiffs’ pleaded case omitted any specific reference to
purchasing the shares from Mr Hing. I did note that in paragraph 31 of the 1st
plaintiff’s first affidavit, he stated that he was informed about the purchase
from Mr Hing by WJ, and WJ had affirmed this in her affidavit. However, this
fact was not pleaded from the beginning and it would appear that there was
presently no contemporaneous independent evidence to support the 1st
plaintiff’s claim. This tied in to my observation (see [75] above) that it was
not necessarily clear that the plaintiffs had intended to obtain a controlling
stake in OEL by purchasing Mr Hing’s shares in OEL.

85 In putting forth their further arguments under the third argument, the
defendants had missed out the reference to Mr Hing which I had made in my oral
remarks, and hence misunderstood the context of my comment. The arguments the
defendants sought to address did not affect how I would have decided in any
case.

86 In relation to the sixth argument, order 1(a) provided that the defendants
would not sell or otherwise dispose of any shares in OEL held in their names
pending trial or further order. The defendants submitted that the order should
be limited only to the 197,545,000 ordinary shares in OEL purchased from Mr
Hing, as the plaintiffs’ claim in resulting trust was limited only to those
shares. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

RFA dated 16 November 2020 at para 28

In addition, the injunction should not extend to, or cover, shares acquired
from open market transactions. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

RFA dated 17 November 2020 at para 14

87 In response, the plaintiffs submitted that order 1(a) was reasonable and in
line with the plaintiffs’ prayers for an order for an account of trust
properties and a tracing order. Further, the defendants’ request was telling
of their intention to sell and/or dispose of their shares in OEL. If not for
the plaintiffs’ monies, the defendants would not have been able to purchase
the OEL Shares and the 1st and 2nd defendants would not have been appointed to
their positions in OEL and therefore able to propose share placements. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Plaintiffs’ response to RFA dated 19 November 2020 (“Plaintiffs’ response to
RFA”) at paras 31, 33

The defendants in turn argued that the plaintiffs had conflated their claim
based on trust with their prayer for accounts and a tracing order. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Reply to plaintiffs’ response to RFA dated 24 November 2020 (“Reply to
plaintiffs’ response to RFA”) at para 8

88 In relation to the seventh argument, order 1(b) provided that the
defendants would not reduce the value of or dilute the percentage of the
rights attached to any shares in OEL held in their names pending trial or
further order. The defendants submitted that the scope of the injunction was
too wide. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

RFA dated 16 November 2020 at para 30

The injunction would cripple OEL’s ability to raise public funds, and OEL
would be deprived of its right to utilise its general mandate to issue shares.
OEL’s access to funds would therefore be limited to loans at a crucial time
when injection of funds was pertinent to facilitate OEL’s expansion plans.
This would be prejudicial to the rights and/or interests of OEL and its near
to 4,000 shareholders. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

RFA dated 17 November 2020 at para 16

89 In response, the plaintiffs submitted that OEL had already raised funds
through the disposal of the Property, as the relevant resolutions for the sale
had been successfully passed without the votes of the 1st and 2nd defendants.
Since it was the defendants’ position that the 1st and 2nd defendants did not
control OEL’s Board of Directors, the interim injunction would not impact the
running of OEL’s day-to-day operations. It was also not logical that the only
way OEL could raise funds was through share placements. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Plaintiffs’ response to RFA at paras 37, 38

90 The defendants in turn argued that the disposal of the Property was the
last fund-raising avenue for OEL and that all of OEL’s business decisions
would be seen as linked to the 1st and/or 2nd defendants. The plaintiffs had
also purportedly made baseless allegations to a “reputable local bank” that
OEL had breached certain rules in obtaining a facility loan, causing the
bank’s in-principle approval of the loan to be scuttled. As such, OEL was also
unable to raise funds through secured loans, which led to it having no choice
but to undertake the August placement at a discount to raise urgently needed
funds for working capital and to fund its expansion into new business areas.
156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Reply to plaintiffs’ response to RFA at paras 11, 19

My decision on the sixth and seventh arguments

91 It would appear to be incontrovertible that the defendants would not have
been in any position to acquire the shares from Mr Hing without the
plaintiffs’ funds of $7.7 million. From the available evidence, the defendants
could not credibly deny knowledge of the plaintiffs’ involvement as
“investors” for the purpose of acquiring the OEL shares. The subsequent
private share placements in February and August 2020 which resulted in further
allotment of shares and the defendants’ aggregate shareholding exceeding the
OEL shares purchased from Mr Hing could not be viewed in isolation from their
December 2019 acquisition.

92 However, the plaintiffs’ primary objective was to obtain a declaration that
the 1st to 5th defendants hold the OEL shares on trust for them, and an order
that the OEL Shares be transferred to the plaintiffs or their nominees. On
their own pleaded case, the plaintiffs essentially sought, inter alia, either
a transfer or return of the OEL Shares which were acquired or a return of
their funds (the bulk of which were used for the purchase of the shares) in
the alternative. The plaintiffs did not contend that the defendants were
trustees in relation to the funds used for the purchase of the shares, but
only in relation to the shares, the value of which may fluctuate according to
market conditions. Prima facie, it was thus logical that the only shares which
should be covered by the injunction were the OEL Shares which the plaintiffs
claimed to be the subject of a potential resulting trust or remedial
constructive trust.

93 It was also logical that the risk of the OEL shares being devalued would be
higher if the OEL Shares were progressively diluted through share placements
or issues. The plaintiffs pointed to indications that the share value had in
fact already started to decline as OEL underwent two rounds of private
placements in six months which increased the aggregate shareholdings. It was
noteworthy however that in the February 2020 round of placements, the
plaintiffs raised no objections to the share placements as the present dispute
had not surfaced then. The plaintiffs would therefore reasonably have expected
that private share placements and allotments which might result in
consequential dilution of their shareholding and which were likely to affect
share value could take place. Equally, the plaintiffs ought reasonably to have
foreseen that additional shares could be acquired by the defendants from the
open market. It did not follow from the plaintiffs’ submissions based on
account of trust properties and tracing that all the shares presently held by
the defendants had to be covered by the injunction.

94 The defendants argued that the plaintiffs had conflated their causes of
action in trust with their prayer for accounts and tracing but even if this
were objectionable, it overlooked the plaintiffs’ alternative pleaded case of
unjust enrichment. If the plaintiffs succeed ultimately under this alternative
cause of action, it would be open to them to seek a tracing order pertaining
to the funds which the defendants had allegedly been unjustly enriched with.

95 It was not clear whether the defendants currently hold any shares that have
been acquired from the open market or from off market transactions with third
parties. Equally it was not clear whether they had any intention or capacity
to acquire additional shares by such means. It would appear that any
additional shares they now hold over and above the OEL shares had arisen
mainly if not entirely from the February and August 2020 share placements. It
was not patently obvious at this point that these additional shares must fall
outside the scope of any tracing order or account of trust properties.
Nevertheless, I was of the view that limiting the scope of order 1(a) of the
injunction to the OEL shares was more consistent with the plaintiffs’ pleaded
case and the circumstances at hand.

96 The seventh argument regarding order 1(b) had in fact been addressed at the
hearing on 11 November 2020. The defendants’ submissions at para 135 and the
1st defendant’s 1st affidavit at paras 148 to 154 made the point that the
defendants would not be able to raise funds if an injunction were to be
granted, and that their business expansion plans would be impacted. However
even if “any shares in OEL” were amended to “197,545,000 shares”, on the
defendants’ own case, “any issuance of shares to parties other than the
defendants will result in a dilution of the defendants’ shareholding interests
in OEL”. If the defendants were allowed to freely complete further share
placements, thereby diluting the value of the shares and/or the plaintiffs’
purported shareholding in OEL, the effect of the injunction would be very much
watered down.

97 In my assessment, the seventh argument was not sustainable since the
defendants’ core argument was that the injunction would affect OEL’s ability
to raise further funds. As the plaintiffs submitted, share placements or
issues were not the only fundraising options. OEL had already gone ahead to
sell the Property which was valued at approximately $8.3m. OEL appeared to
have made plans to diversify and aggressively expand its business, but this
would rely on securing additional funding. Given the present litigation and
the questions and doubts already raised, it may arguably be prejudicial as
well to OEL’s shareholders for these expansion plans to proceed wholly
unchecked.

98 OEL’s alleged difficulty in obtaining secured loans reflected its own
financial capacity and business fundamentals. I noted with some irony that the
defendants had deemed it necessary to highlight in their further arguments 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

See Reply to plaintiffs’ response to RFA at para 19

their belief that a “reputable local bank” was somehow misled by the Ps’
allegedly “baseless, unsubstantiated and erroneous allegations” into
withdrawing its in-principle approval for a loan of $4m to OEL. With respect,
the more reasonable and plausible inference to my mind is that the said
(unnamed) bank, in keeping with its reputation, must have done the necessary
due diligence and formed its own independent and objective risk assessment
before concluding that the loan was not viable.

99 Having considered the further arguments, order 1(a) of the interim
injunction was varied by replacing the words “any shares” with “the
197,545,000 ordinary shares” in OEL. It followed that a similar variation
ought to be made in order 1(b) and it was so ordered accordingly.

100 In the defendants’ reply to the plaintiffs’ submissions in respect of the
sixth and seventh arguments, they also sought to adduce a further affidavit
(the 1st defendant’s 3rd affidavit) 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Annex F to Reply to plaintiffs’ response to RFA

which exhibited a Shareholders’ Agreement (“SHA”) made between OEL and the
defendants, WJ, one Wong Chau Farn (“Wong”), one Hu Ling Yan (“Hu”) and one
Cai Xiao Yue (“Cai”). The plaintiffs objected to this further affidavit.

101 This further affidavit was technically inadmissible as it was filed
without leave of court. As such, I disregarded its contents. Even if I did
have to consider its contents, I would have attached minimal weight to them.
In particular, the SHA was not signed by Wong and it was therefore unclear if
the SHA was properly executed and had taken effect to begin with. Further, the
SHA states that the shareholders “desire[d] to enter into [the SHA] and that
the execution and delivery of [the SHA was] a condition to the Closing under
the Sales and Purchase Agreement to be entered into”. However, as stated
earlier, the SPA entered into for the acquisition of the OEL Shares was
between the defendants, WJ and Mr Hing. It was therefore also unclear how
Wong, Hu and Cai had come into the picture.

102 The adduction of the SHA did not change the present state of the evidence.
While Clause 2 of the SHA states that “[n]o holder of Shares shall grant any
proxy or become party to any voting trust or other agreement that is
inconsistent with, conflicts with or violates any provision of this
Agreement”, which appears to be inconsistent with the OEL Shares being held on
trust for the plaintiffs, there is no evidence that the plaintiffs had known
of the existence of this SHA even if it had been properly executed. I had
found earlier that there were gaps in both parties’ cases but that there was
sufficient evidence put forth by the plaintiffs such that their claims were
not frivolous or vexatious.

Conclusion

103 For the reasons I have set out above, the injunction as sought by the
plaintiffs was granted with a limitation as to its scope to 197,545,000 of the
ordinary shares in OEL which were purchased from Mr Hing on or around 16
December 2019.

104 The plaintiffs’ submission on costs included the costs for Summons 4793 of
2020, for which costs was reserved. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2020) at p 9

I noted that the hearing before me had taken slightly over three and a half
hours. Considering the submissions on costs by both parties as well as the
costs guidelines set out in Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions, I ordered costs to the plaintiffs to be fixed at $10,000, with
reasonable disbursements to be agreed. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Certified Transcript (13 November 2020) at p 10

105 I made no order as to the costs of the further arguments, but invited
parties to make submissions on costs if any. Parties did not object to there
being no order as to costs by the stipulated deadline.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Quek Wen Jiang, Gerard, Ramachandran Doraisamy Raghunath, Feng Zhuo and Tey
Jijie, Louis (PD Legal LLC) for the plaintiffs;

Heng Gwee Nam Henry, Loh Hui-Qi Vicki, Charmaine Elizabeth Ong Wan Qi and
Charanpreet Kaur (Legal Solutions LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Jan 2021 (18:34 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

