Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 285

Originating Summons No 947 of 2021

In the matter of the suspension of The Online Citizen Pte Ltd’s Class Licence
by the Info-communications Media Development Authority

And

In the matter of Sections 12(1)(a), 12(1)(i) and 9 of the Broadcasting Act
(Cap 28, 2012 Revised Edition)

And

In the matter of Order 53, Rule 1 of the Rules of Court (2014 Revised Edition)

Between

| The Online Citizen Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Info-communications Media Development Authority  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review] — [Leave]

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review] — [Illegality]

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review] — [Substantive legitimate
expectations]

[Media Law] — [Broadcasting] — [Licensing]

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Definitions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re The Online Citizen Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC 285

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 947 of 2021  
Valerie Thean J  
22 November 2021

16 December 2021 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

Introduction

1 The Broadcasting Act (Cap 28, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) sets out a class
licensing regime which allows the Info-communications Media Development
Authority (“the IMDA”) to regulate persons who provide licensable broadcast
services. By this application, The Online Citizen Pte Ltd (“TOCPL”) seeks
leave to commence judicial review proceedings against the IMDA under O 53 r 1
of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”). TOCPL seeks to challenge
various notices and orders given by the IMDA in its letter dated 14 September
2021 (“the Letter”) relating to the suspension of TOCPL’s class licence to
provide licensable broadcasting services under s 9 of the Act.

Background

2 TOCPL is a local media outlet providing services and carrying out activities
on various platforms, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Statement pursuant to Order 53 rule 1(2) of the Rules of Court
dated 17 September 2021 at para 2; Affidavit of Xu Yuan Chen @ Terry Xu
affirmed on 17 September 2021 (“Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit”) at Tab A, p 2 (at
footnotes 2 and 3).

including its main English websites (“www.theonlinecitizen.com” and
“www.onlinecitizenasia.com”); its Chinese website (“zh.theonlinecitizen.com”);
and social media channels such as its Facebook page and Twitter account. It is
owned by Mr Terry Xu (“Mr Xu”), who is also its Chief Editor. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Xu Yuan Chen @ Terry Xu affirmed on 1 November 2021 at para 1;
Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at para 10.

3 In 2020, TOCPL failed to comply with the requirement to make an annual
declaration of its funding sources, and was given an opportunity to show cause
by a notice from the IMDA on 6 September 2021. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit at Tab A, pp 1–2 (at paras 1–7).

TOCPL failed to do so to the IMDA’s satisfaction. On 14 September 2021, in its
Letter, the IMDA informed TOCPL of the following: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit at Tab A, p 2 (at paras 8–9).

(a) Pursuant to s 12(1)(a) read with s 12(1)(i) of the Act, TOCPL’s class
licence under s 9 of the Act to provide licensable broadcasting services –
such as those provided on its websites, any of its social media and broadcast
channels, pages and/or accounts (which I refer to collectively as its “social
media platforms”), and any mobile applications operated by TOCPL – was
suspended with immediate effect.

(b) TOCPL was required to stop posting further articles on these websites and
social media platforms with immediate effect, and to disable access to all of
its licensable broadcasting services by 3.00pm on 16 September 2021.

(c) TOC was prohibited from providing any new licensable broadcasting services
on any other websites and social media platforms.

(d) Any non-compliance with this notice of suspension would be a contravention
of s 8(1) of the Act, and the IMDA might take steps to restrict access to the
aforesaid broadcasting services. Operating a licensable broadcasting service
without a valid licence would also be a criminal offence punishable under s 46
of the Act.

4 As TOCPL did not complete and submit its declaration of funding sources to
the IMDA by the stipulated deadline, the IMDA cancelled TOCPL’s class licence.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit at Tab A, p 3 (at para 10); Notes of Argument, 22
November 2021.

5 TOCPL does not challenge the IMDA’s suspension and cancellation of its class
licence, although it does not admit to the correctness of that decision. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AWS at para 5; Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

By this originating summons, TOCPL seeks leave under O 53 r 1 of the ROC to
apply for four quashing orders and ten declarations in relation to the IMDA’s
orders against its Chinese website and its social media platforms, and the
IMDA’s prohibition against TOCPL providing any new broadcasting services. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AWS at paras 6–7; Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

In its written and oral submissions, TOCPL also referred to its Malay website,
although the quashing orders prayed for referred only to its Chinese website.
I therefore refer only to TOCPL’s Chinese website in the analysis that
follows, although this analysis would apply by parity of reasoning to TOCPL’s
Malay website.

Summary of parties’ positions and issues

6 It is not disputed that TOCPL requires leave under O 53 r 1(1)(b) to pursue
the quashing orders and declarations it seeks in relation to the Letter. There
are three requirements for leave to commence judicial review proceedings
(Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali v Attorney-General [2015] 5 SLR 1222 at [32]
and, more recently, Syed Suhail bin Syed Zin v Attorney-General [2021] 1 SLR
809 at [9]):

(a) the subject matter of the complaint must be susceptible to judicial
review;

(b) the applicant must have sufficient interest in the matter; and

(c) the materials before the court must disclose an arguable or prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought by the
applicant.

7 In addition, as a threshold issue, an applicant seeking judicial review
must, as a general rule, exhaust all alternative remedies before invoking the
jurisdiction of the court for judicial review: Borissik Svetlana v Urban
Redevelopment Authority [2009] 4 SLR(R) 92 (“Borissik”) at [25], affirmed by
the Court of Appeal in Comptroller of Income Tax v ACC [2010] 2 SLR 1189 at
[13].

8 The dispute between the parties concerns both the procedural requirement for
TOCPL to have exhausted all of its alternative remedies, and the substantive
requirement for TOCPL to establish a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion
in favour of granting the orders it seeks.

Parties’ positions

9 With regard to the exhaustion of alternative remedies, the IMDA submits that
TOCPL has failed to satisfy this procedural requirement because it has not
appealed to the Minister under either s 12(2) or s 59(1)(b) of the Act, as it
was entitled to do. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (“RWS”) at paras 7–8.

TOCPL, on the other hand, argues that neither of these statutory provisions
applies to the present case. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AWS at paras 12–14; Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

10 With regard to TOCPL’s substantive grounds for seeking relief, TOCPL makes
three submissions:

(a) First, as to the scope of the class licence, TOCPL submits that only
TOCPL’s main English websites were covered by the class licence. This was made
clear by the IMDA when it asked TOCPL to register with it for a class licence.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AWS at para 8.

The IMDA’s Registration Form C for Class Licensable Broadcasting Services
(“Form C”), which TOCPL submitted for its main English websites, plainly only
relates to websites, and the IMDA never asked TOCPL to apply for a class
licence or submit Form C in respect of its Chinese website. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AWS at paras 9 and 15.

Moreover, the IMDA’s press statement dated 30 September 2014 (“the Press
Statement”) clearly stated that TOCPL’s class licence covered only
“www.theonlinecitizen.com”, one of its main English websites. In Mr Xu’s
communications with the IMDA’s senior officers over the years, it was never
represented or suggested to him that the class licence covered TOCPL’s social
media platforms, which TOCPL’s predecessor was already operating on in 2014.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AWS at para 10.

TOCPL’s social media platforms do not fall within the meaning of “computer on-
line services”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AWS at para 22.

(b) Second, TOCPL submits that it has a substantive legitimate expectation
that the class licence covered only licensable broadcasting services on its
main English websites. The IMDA’s representatives had represented to Mr Xu in
correspondence that the class licence covered only the main English websites
registered by TOCPL. By relying on these representations as well as Form C,
TOCPL suffered loss, damage and harm in now having to shut down its social
media platforms as a result of the IMDA’s suspension of TOCPL’s services and
activities on the same. Had TOCPL known that the class licence also covered
its social media platforms, it would not have registered for a class licence
and would have altered its business model to rely solely on social media. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AWS at paras 23–26.

(c) Third, TOCPL submits that the class licence only covers access to TOCPL’s
broadcasting services in and from Singapore, and that the IMDA has no legal
basis for prohibiting TOCPL from offering its broadcasting services and
activities from outside Singapore if TOCPL wishes to do so, as the Act has no
extra-territorial reach. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AWS at para 33; Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

11 In response to TOCPL’s submissions on the scope of the class licence, the
IMDA contends that TOCPL has fundamentally misunderstood the licensing regime
under the Act, as all computer on-line services provided by TOCPL are
automatically subject to a class licence by operation of law, and it follows
that the suspension of TOCPL’s class licence and IMDA’s directions in the
Letter applied to all computer on-line services provided by TOCPL. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RWS at paras 20, 21(a) and 21(e).

The ordinary meaning of the phrase “computer on-line services” would include
TOCPL’s main English websites, its Chinese website and its social media
platforms. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RWS at para 26.

Further, the IMDA argues that TOCPL’s allegations that the IMDA asked TOCPL to
register for a class licence and made clear that only TOCPL’s main English
websites were covered by the class licence are false. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RWS at paras 20 and 21(c).

12 As for TOCPL’s argument based on the doctrine of substantive legitimate
expectations, the IMDA argues that this doctrine should not be recognised or
applied by the court, and that it is in any event inapplicable in the present
case because the IMDA did not make any unequivocal or unqualified
representation that TOCPL’s class licence covered only its main English
websites. In addition, the doctrine of substantive legitimate expectations is
irrelevant in this case because the issues of whether TOCPL’s class licence
suspension applied to its Chinese website and social media platforms are
purely questions of law to be determined by the court. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RWS at para 50.

13 Lastly, in response to TOCPL’s submission on the extra-territoriality of
the Act, the IMDA emphasises that nothing in its Letter purports to prohibit
TOCPL from providing computer on-line services from outside Singapore. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

Issues arising

14 From the parties’ positions as outlined above, the following issues arise:

(a) First, do s 12(2) and/or s 59(1)(b) of the Act provide alternative
remedies which TOCPL should have exhausted before invoking the court’s
judicial review jurisdiction to challenge the IMDA’s orders in relation to its
Chinese website and social media platforms?

(b) Second, has TOCPL established a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion,
based on the materials before the court, in favour of granting the orders
sought? This, in turn, raises three questions:

(i) What was the scope of TOCPL’s class licence, and are the services provided
by TOCPL on its Chinese website and social media platforms “computer on-line
services” subject to the class licence?

(ii) Does TOCPL have a substantive legitimate expectation that only its main
English websites were subject to its class licence?

(iii) Has the IMDA purported to prohibit TOCPL from offering its broadcasting
services and activities from outside Singapore?

Decision

15 For the reasons that follow, I hold that TOCPL ought to have first
exhausted its statutory remedies by appealing to the Minister. In any event,
there is no prima facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the
orders sought by TOCPL.

Regulation of licensable broadcasting services

The automatic licensing regime and the registration regime

16 The present case necessitates a close examination of the licensing regime
under the Act and the Broadcasting (Class Licence) Notification (GN No S
306/1996, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Notification”) made thereunder. The starting
point in analysing the statutory scheme that regulates the provision of
licensable broadcasting services is s 8(1) of the Act, which provides that
“[n]o person shall provide any licensable broadcasting service in or from
Singapore without a broadcasting licence granted by the [IMDA]” [emphasis
added]. The term “licensable broadcasting services” includes “[c]omputer on-
line services” (item 20 of the Second Schedule to the Act).

17 The Act also provides for a class licensing regime. Under s 9(1) of the
Act, the IMDA “may, by notification published in the Gazette, determine a
class licence … for the provision of such subscription broadcasting services
and other licensable broadcasting services as the [IMDA] may specify”.
Paragraph 3 of the Notification then states that the provision of certain
specified licensable broadcasting services, including “computer on-line
services that are provided by Internet Content Providers and Internet Service
Providers” (para 3(f)), is subject to a class licence. The terms “Internet
Content Provider” (“ICP”) and “Internet Service Provider” (“ISP”) are defined
in para 2 of the Notification.

18 The apparent breadth of these provisions is curtailed by para 1(f) of the
Broadcasting (Exemption) Order (GN No S 307/1996, 2004 Rev Ed). That provision
exempts any person providing computer on-line services other than computer on-
line services subject to a class licence under the Notification from ss 8 and
9 of the Act. Thus, the licensing regime under ss 8 and 9 of the Act
effectively only applies where the computer on-line services in question are
provided by ICPs or ISPs. However, in such cases, the design of the statutory
scheme is such that the provision of computer on-line services by all ICPs and
ISPs is automatically subject to a class licence. Class licences need not be
applied for by these ICPs or ISPs; instead, they are “determine[d]” by the
IMDA under s 9(1) of the Act, as has been done via the Notification.

19 This leads me to the crucial distinction to be drawn between the two
distinct regulatory regimes contained in the Act and the Notification: a
licensing regime and a registration regime. The provision of computer on-line
services by an ICP is subject to a class licence by operation of law under
para 3(f) of the Notification. All such ICPs providing “computer on-line
services” are automatically class licensees. Where the ICP in question is (or
is determined by the IMDA to be) “a body of persons engaged in the
propagation, promotion or discussion of political or religious issues relating
to Singapore” through the Internet, the ICP is additionally required to
register with the IMDA within 14 days after the commencement of its service.
This is pursuant to condition 4 of the Schedule to the Notification, which
sets out the conditions of class licences under para 3 of the Notification.

20 The automatic nature of the class licensing scheme, as distinct from the
registration scheme under the Schedule to the Notification, was confirmed in
Parliament in the Minister’s oral answers to questions regarding the criteria
for registration under the Broadcasting (Class Licence) Notification framework
in January 2014 (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (20 January
2014) vol 91 (Lawrence Wong, Senior Minister of State for Communications and
Information):

…

There are three forms of licences for ICPs under MDA's licensing framework:
(i) an individual licence; (ii) an automatic class licence; and (iii) an
automatic class licence with the requirement to register with the MDA. Let me
elaborate on these three categories.

First, the individual licences are issued to content providers which offer a
television service through the Internet. …

The second category of licensing applies to the rest of the ICPs which are
regulated under the Automatic Class licensing regime that has been in place
since 1996. These licensees do not need to apply to MDA for individual
licences, but they are automatically class-licensed once they operate their
websites. This remains the primary route through which the vast majority of
websites on the Internet are licensed.

…

Finally, the third category would apply to certain types of ICPs to which
class licences are granted automatically, but with the condition that they
register with the MDA. Paragraphs three to five of the Schedule of the
Broadcasting (Class Licence) Notification spell out the types of ICPs that
need to register with MDA. They include ICPs who are political parties
registered in Singapore providing any programme through the Internet, and ICPs
who are “a body of persons engaged in the propagation, promotion or discussion
of political or religious issues relating to Singapore through the Internet”.

…

So, these are provisions already provided for and spelt out clearly in the
Schedule. The need to move from automatic class licence to class licence by
registration only occurs when an individual or body meets these criteria which
are spelt out in the Schedule.

…

[emphasis added]

21 More recently, the Minister for Law confirmed the automatic nature of the
licensing regime in his remarks on the Protection from Online Falsehoods and
Manipulation Bill (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (7 May
2019) vol 94 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law)): 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RWS at para 33(b); Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 17.

…

The Internet revolution took off in the 1990s. 1996 – the Class Licensing
Scheme under the Broadcasting Act for Internet Content Providers was put in.
The Internet Content Providers (ICPs) are automatically licensed. All have to
comply with guidelines under the Class Licence Conditions and the Internet
Code of Practice. IMDA has power to take down content that goes against
“public interest, public order, national harmony”, amongst other grounds.

…

[emphasis added]

22 Thus, an ICP’s registration with the IMDA is independent of the scope of
its services that are subject to its class licence. In that sense, the
statutory scheme is such that the licensing and registration regimes are
asymmetric. The provision of computer on-line services by all ICPs and ISPs is
automatically subject to a class licence (and therefore the class licence
conditions set out in the Schedule to the Notification) by operation of law.
In contrast, only some ICPs and ISPs are required to register with the IMDA.
Furthermore, pursuant to condition 6 of the Schedule to the Notification, ICPs
which are required to register shall register “in such form and manner as the
[IMDA] may determine”, and shall “provide the [IMDA] with such particulars and
undertakings as the [IMDA] may require in connection with the provision of the
[ICP’s] service”. The regulator, in this framework, is not enjoined to
regulate the registration of all computer on-line services that an ICP
operates, but rather, to require registration “in such form and manner” as it
sees fit.

“Computer on-line services”

23 The central question in determining which services provided by an ICP are
subject to a class licence is, therefore, whether they are “computer on-line
services”. The phrase “computer on-line services” is not statutorily defined,
and there appear to be no local authorities providing guidance on its meaning.
The IMDA therefore submits, with reference to the dictionary definitions of
“computer” and “online”, that the ordinary meaning of “computer on-line
services” is wide enough to include services provided via an electronic device
(or system of electronic devices) by a person, business or organisation
engaged in creating content for publication on the Internet or content
accessible or made available by connection to a central processor or network.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RWS at para 26; Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

24 It should be borne in mind, however, that for the purposes of both ss 8(1)
and 9(1) of the Act, computer on-line services are a subset of licensable
“broadcasting services” as defined in s 2(1) of the Act. The ordinary meaning
of the phrase “computer on-line services” must therefore be circumscribed by
the following statutory definition of “broadcasting service” (and, in turn,
the statutory definition of “programme”):

Interpretation

2.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“broadcasting service” means a service whereby signs or signals transmitted,
whether or not encrypted, comprise —

(a) any programme capable of being received, or received and displayed, as
visual images, whether moving or still;

(b) any sound programme for reception; or

(c) any programme, being a combination of both visual image (whether moving or
still) and sound for reception or reception and display,

by persons having equipment appropriate for receiving, or receiving and
displaying, as the case may be, that service, irrespective of the means of
delivery of that service;

…

“programme”, in relation to a broadcasting service, means —

(a) any matter the primary purpose of which is to entertain, educate or inform
all or part of the public; or

(b) any advertising or sponsorship matter, whether or not of a commercial
kind,

but does not include any matter that is wholly related to or connected with
any private communication, that is to say —

(i) any communication between 2 or more persons that is of a private or
domestic nature;

(ii) any internal communication of a business, Government agency or other
organisation for the purpose of the operation of the business, agency or
organisation; and

(iii) communications in such other circumstances as may be prescribed;

…

[emphasis added]

25 Therefore, apart from being services provided via electronic devices, the
“primary purpose” of the relevant computer on-line services must be to
“entertain, educate or inform all or part of the public” (limb (a) of the
definition of “programme”). Alternatively, the computer on-line services must
comprise “advertising or sponsorship matter[s], whether or not of a commercial
kind” (limb (b) of the definition of “programme”). In any event, “computer on-
line services” would not include “any matter that is wholly related to or
connected with any private communication”. This definition of “computer on-
line services” is narrower than that proposed by the IMDA.

Exhaustion of remedies

26 With this regulatory scheme in mind, I turn to consider the two statutory
appeal procedures which the IMDA argues that TOCPL should first have utilised:
the appeal procedures in ss 12(2) and 59(1)(b) of the Act.

27 It is undisputed that TOCPL has not appealed to the Minister under either s
12(2) or s 59(1)(b). No reasons were given in either of Mr Xu’s two affidavits
for not using these statutory appeal procedures. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

RWS at para 11.

TOCPL relied solely on legal submissions as to the inapplicability of these
provisions in the present case.

Appeal under s 12(2) of the Act

28 Section 12 of the Act provides as follows:

Suspension or cancellation of broadcasting licence, etc.

12.—(1) If the Authority is satisfied that —

(a) a broadcasting licensee is contravening, or has contravened, any of the
conditions of its licence, any relevant Code of Practice, any of the
provisions of this Act or the regulations or any direction issued by the
Minister or the Authority to, or applicable to, the licensee;

(b) a broadcasting licensee has gone into compulsory or voluntary liquidation
other than for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstruction;

(c) a broadcasting licensee has made any assignment to, or composition with,
its creditors; or

(d) the public interest or the security of Singapore so requires,

the Authority may, by notice in writing and without any compensation, do
either or both of the following:

(i) cancel the licence or suspend the licence for such period as the Authority
thinks fit and, in the case of a class licensee, cancel or suspend the
application of the class licence in respect of the class licensee for such
period as the Authority thinks fit;

(ii) require the payment of a fine of such amount as the Authority thinks fit.

(2) Any person who is aggrieved by any decision of the Authority under this
section may, within 14 days of the receipt by him of the notice referred to in
subsection (1), appeal to the Minister whose decision shall be final.

…

29 Section 12(1) empowers the IMDA to make two types of decisions: decisions
to cancel or suspend the application of a class licence in respect of a class
licensee for such period as the IMDA thinks fit (under s 12(1)(i)), and
decisions to require the payment of a fine (under s 12(1)(ii)). The IMDA
argues that s 12(2) applies because the decision that TOCPL is aggrieved by
relates to the suspension of its class licence. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

TOCPL’s argument is that it is not challenging the IMDA’s decision to suspend
or cancel its class licence, but rather the IMDA’s interpretation that such
cancellation would affect TOCPL’s other services and activities, such as the
operation of its Chinese website and social media platforms. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AWS at paras 13–14; Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

30 TOCPL’s argument arises out of its interpretation of the scope of its class
licence, and therefore the scope of the cancellation. However, the present
application arises out of the cancellation of TOCPL’s class licence, as
communicated to TOCPL by the IMDA’s Letter, and it remains the cancellation of
the class licence that is the essential issue. On a proper understanding of
the statutory scheme for the regulation of licensable broadcasting services,
TOCPL would have needed to appeal against the suspension and cancellation of
its class licence in order to challenge the legal effect of this cancellation
on its Chinese website and social media platforms. TOCPL is therefore “a
person aggrieved by any decision of the [IMDA] under [s 12]”, and the appeal
procedure in s 12(2) of the Act is an alternative remedy which TOCPL ought to
have exhausted.

Appeal under s 59(1)(b) of the Act

31 Section 59 of the Act provides as follows:

Appeal to Minister

59.—(1) Any licensee aggrieved by —

(a) any decision of the Authority in the exercise of any discretion vested in
it by or under this Act; or

(b) anything contained in any Code of Practice or direction issued by the
Authority,

may appeal to the Minister.

…

(4) The decision of the Minister in any appeal shall be final.

[emphasis added]

32 Within the schema of the Act, s 59(1)(b) comes after many provisions
setting out the various powers exercisable by the IMDA, and provides a wide
remedy for an aggrieved licensee to appeal to the Minister against “anything
contained in any … direction issued by the [IMDA]” [emphasis added]. This
provision is much more broadly worded than s 12(2) and would cover the acts of
the IMDA that TOCPL seeks to challenge. TOCPL did not address the
applicability of s 59(1)(b) in its written submissions. When invited to
respond to the IMDA’s submissions on this provision during the hearing,
counsel for TOCPL made arguments which focused on s 59(1)(a) of the Act,
instead of s 59(1)(b). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

Counsel for TOCPL further contended that the IMDA’s orders in the Letter could
not be decisions made “in the exercise of any discretion vested in it by or
under [the] Act” because they were ultra vires. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

However, decisions that are ultra vires would, on a plain reading of the
provision, fall within the scope of s 59(1)(b) so long as they are “contained
in any … direction issued by the [IMDA]”. Section 59 therefore applies, in
addition to s 12. Its breadth serves to reiterate that all decisions made by
the IMDA should first be appealed to and reviewed by the Minister.

33 In such cases, where a statutory remedy is available, “… it is the cardinal
principle that save in the most exceptional circumstances, [the courts’
judicial review] jurisdiction will not be exercised where other remedies were
available and have not been used”: R v Secretary of State for the Home
Department, ex parte Swati [1986] 1 WLR 477 at 485D, cited in Borissik at
[25].

34 During the hearing, counsel for TOCPL appeared to suggest that a further
reason that ss 12 and 59 did not provide alternative remedies was that both
provisions made clear that the Minister’s decision on appeal was final and
thereby ousted judicial review (see ss 12(2) and 59(4)). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

Such an argument was roundly rejected at [30] of Borissik, where s 22(7) of
the Planning Act (Cap 232, 1998 Rev Ed) provided that “[t]he decision of the
Minister shall be final and shall not be challenged or questioned in any
court”. In that case, the court stressed that the existence of such a clause
was not a valid reason for failing to appeal to the Minister, who was required
to accord the applicant a fair hearing under the statutory process.

35 In Borissik, Tan Lee Meng J made the point that s 22(7) of the Planning Act
showed that “the legislature intended that the courts should not interfere
with issues of planning permission as these involve interrelated
considerations of fact, law, degree and policy, which are better dealt with by
an appeal procedure to the Minister” (Borissik at [29]). This reasoning is
equally applicable to the present case. The regulation of broadcasting
services, similar to the issue of planning permission, concerns wider issues
of policy and its implementation and administration. In a statutory appeal to
the Minister, all matters, whether substantive or procedural, would be fully
and fairly considered. In the present case, parties did not discuss the scope
of the court’s power on judicial review on the proper construction of ss 12(2)
and 59(4) (see, for instance, the discussion in Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam
v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 216 at [43], [47] and
[73], and Per Ah Seng Robin and another v Housing and Development Board and
another [2016] 1 SLR 1020 at [64]–[65]). Such an assessment is not necessary
at the leave stage. Whatever the scope of judicial review might be, the point
remains that Borissik at [29] gives insight into why the statutory regime
gives good order to the reconsideration of any decision. A statutory appeal
ensures that the full merits are considered by the relevant Minister who is
charged with the policy in issue. An aggrieved person is not well served by
ignoring such a route for reconsideration save in exceptional circumstances
which justify such a course.

Conclusion on the threshold issue

36 I therefore find that, by not appealing to the Minister under s 12(2) or s
59(1)(b) of the Act, and by not adducing any exceptional circumstances to
justify its omission to do so, TOCPL failed to exhaust its alternative
remedies prior to invoking the court’s judicial review jurisdiction.

Prima facie case of reasonable suspicion

37 I turn now to the substantive question of whether the materials before the
court disclose a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of
granting the remedies sought by TOCPL. The burden of proof “lies squarely on
the applicant” to satisfy the court that this requirement is met: AXY v
Comptroller of Income Tax [2018] 1 SLR 1069 at [33]. Moreover, while the
threshold of proof is “very low”, this does not mean that the evidence and
arguments placed before the court can be either skimpy or vague, and bare
assertions will not suffice: Gobi a/l Avedian and another v Attorney-General
and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 883 at [54].

Whether TOCPL’s Chinese website and social media platforms are “computer on-
line services”

38 The main issue in dispute between the parties is the scope of TOCPL’s class
licence, and thus the scope of the IMDA’s suspension and cancellation of the
same. It is undisputed that TOCPL is an ICP even when it is using social media
platforms. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

The effect of the statutory scheme, as I have explained above, is that TOCPL’s
provision of all of its “computer on-line services” is subject to a class
licence by operation of law, and that the suspension and cancellation of its
class licence would bar TOCPL from providing all such services. The question
for the court is therefore whether only the services provided on TOCPL’s main
English websites are “computer on-line services” whose provision is subject to
the class licence (as TOCPL argues); or whether (as the IMDA contends) the
services provided by TOCPL on its Chinese website and social media platforms
are also “computer on-line services” subject to the class licence.

39 Applying the interpretation of “computer on-line services” that I have set
out at [24]–[25] above, the services provided on TOCPL’s Chinese website and
social media platforms clearly fall within the meaning of this term, as their
primary purpose is undoubtedly to entertain, educate or inform all or part of
the public.

40 TOCPL makes two arguments to the contrary. First, TOCPL contends that it is
fallacious to suggest that its class licence covered its social media
platforms because “[n]o social media user in Singapore has had to be licensed
by the [IMDA]”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AWS at paras 21–22.

Related to this is the argument that if TOCPL had known that its class licence
covered its social media platforms, it would not have “registered with [the
IMDA] for a [c]lass [l]icence” for its main English websites and would instead
have altered its business model to rely purely on social media. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AWS at paras 23–24.

My analysis of the statutory provisions above makes clear that, even if
TOCPL’s services and activities had been confined to its social media
platforms, their provision would still have been subject to TOCPL’s class
licence by operation of law in view of their nature and purpose.

41 Second, TOCPL argues that the IMDA made clear on various occasions that
only its two main websites were subject to the class licence: when the IMDA
“asked [TOCPL] to register with it for a [c]lass [l]icence”; 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS at para 8.

in Form C; and in the Press Statement. This argument reveals the more
fundamental misunderstanding of the licensing regime that underpins TOCPL’s
case.

42 TOCPL’s case is premised on the assumption that its class licence was
conferred by registration, and that the scope of its computer on-line services
subject to the class licence is therefore delimited by the scope of its
registration. However, for the reasons I have explained above, TOCPL’s
registration of its two main websites was in fact independent of, and
irrelevant to, the scope of its computer on-line services that were subject to
the class licence. The registration requirement is a class licence condition
that is imposed on the ICP by virtue of its status as a class licensee.
Counsel for TOCPL acknowledged this during the hearing when he accepted that
the relevant conditions are imposed on the operator of the website, rather
than on the website itself. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

43 TOCPL relied on the fact that Form C refers throughout to “the website”
being registered for the purpose of the Notification. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AWS at para 16.

In particular, Annex B1 to Form C1 (which is submitted with Form C for the
purposes of registration) provides for an undertaking and statutory
declaration to be made by “the Authorised Signatory for the class licensee of
the computer on-line service(s) residing at the URL … described in Form C
(‘the website’)”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit at Tab B (in particular, at p 11).

Based on this, TOCPL argues that “computer on-line services” is defined in
Form C itself as being limited to websites. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

I disagree. It is clear on the face of Form C that it is a form used for the
registration of class licensable broadcasting services by individuals, groups
or organisations providing political or religious content, and that it is to
be completed and submitted by the relevant class licensee. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit at Tab B (in particular, at pp 1 and 6–14).

The wording used in Annex B1 to Form C1 that I have reproduced above does not,
on a plain reading, purport to define “computer on-line services” as including
only websites. The more natural reading of those words is that the specific
website being registered is simply the relevant type of computer on-line
service for the purposes of Form C. The fact that Form C only requires the
particulars of a website, and not other channels such as social media
platforms, should not be read as confining the definition of “computer on-line
services” to websites. As the relevant regulatory authority, the IMDA was
entitled to decide on the form and manner of registration, as well as the
particulars or undertakings it required, under condition 6 of the Schedule to
the Notification.

44 As for the Press Statement, this stated that the Media Development
Authority (the IMDA’s predecessor) had notified The Opinion Collaborative Ltd
(TOCPL’s predecessor) “to register” under the Notification [emphasis added].
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit at Tab C.

TOCPL claims that the IMDA “clearly stated” in the Press Statement that
TOCPL’s class licence covered only the website “www.theonlinecitizen.com” and
no other. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit at para 12; AWS at para 10.

However, nowhere in the Press Statement was it said or suggested that only
TOCPL’s main English websites were subject to the class licence. Indeed, the
Press Statement explained that the Media Development Authority had “assessed
that the TOC website engages in the propagation, promotion or discussion of
political issues relating to Singapore”, and that its registration requirement
“seeks to uphold the principle that politics must remain a matter for
Singapore and Singaporeans alone”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit at Tab C.

This wording makes plain that the registration referred to in the Press
Statement was registration under condition 4 of the Schedule to the
Notification, and not the class licensing regime in s 9(1) of the Act.

45 This is further supported by the IMDA’s letter to Mr Xu dated 9 February
2018, in which it stated that TOCPL “is an Internet Content Provider licensed
under the Broadcasting (Class Licence) Notification”, and that pursuant to
condition 4 of the Schedule to the Notification, the website
“www.theonlinecitizen.com” had to be registered with the IMDA using Form C.
Failure to comply “would be a contravention of the Class Licence, in which
event IMDA may have to take appropriate action, including the cancellation of
[TOCPL]’s Class Licence”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Affidavit of Chia Aileen affirmed on 22 October 2021, CA-4 at p 36.

This letter makes clear that TOCPL was already a class licensee, and that this
was separate from and independent of TOCPL’s registration of its website using
Form C.

46 In any event, as counsel for IMDA rightly argued, the IMDA is not in a
position to amend the law by their correspondence or forms 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

(or, for that matter, their press statements). Save in cases where these give
rise to substantive legitimate expectations (which I deal with in the next
section), such statements cannot override the legal effect of the applicable
statutory framework.

Substantive legitimate expectations

47 TOCPL raises a secondary argument based on the doctrine of substantive
legitimate expectations. As both parties acknowledged, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AWS at paras 27–29; RWS at para 50(a).

notwithstanding the acceptance of the doctrine as a stand-alone head of
judicial review in Chiu Teng @ Kallang Pte Ltd v Singapore Land Authority
[2014] 1 SLR 1047 (“Chiu Teng”) at [119], the legal status of this doctrine in
Singapore is an open question following the Court of Appeal’s decisions in SGB
Starkstrom Pte Ltd v Commissioner for Labour [2016] 3 SLR 598 and Kardachi,
Jason Aleksander v Attorney-General [2020] 2 SLR 1190.

48 These proceedings, which concern TOCPL’s application for leave to commence
judicial review, are not the appropriate forum for a detailed discussion of
the applicability of the doctrine of substantive legitimate expectations in
our law. For present purposes, what is critical is that even if that doctrine
were to be applied in the form articulated in Chiu Teng, it would require
TOCPL to prove that the IMDA made a statement or representation that was
“unequivocal and unqualified” (Chiu Teng at [119(a)]).

49 In this case, TOCPL has not provided evidence of any unequivocal and
unqualified representation by the IMDA that only the services provided on its
two main websites were “computer on-line services” whose provision was subject
to the class licence. TOCPL alleges that the IMDA’s representatives
represented to Mr Xu that the class licence covered only the websites
registered by TOCPL, relying on correspondence between Mr Xu and the IMDA in
February 2018 and May and September 2020. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AWS at para 25; Mr Xu’s 1st Affidavit at para 16 and Tab D.

However, as the IMDA rightly pointed out, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

RWS at para 42; Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

a perusal of this correspondence discloses no representation to that effect.
During the hearing, counsel for TOCPL also suggested that the representations
made by the IMDA in Form C were unequivocal and left “absolutely no room for
doubt” in this regard. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Notes of Argument, 22 November 2021.

For the reasons I have given at [43] above, I am wholly unable to accept this
assertion. As TOCPL has failed to establish any unequivocal representation
that the class licence covered only its registered websites, its argument on
substantive legitimate expectations may be dismissed on this basis.

Territorial scope of the class licence suspension and cancellation

50 Finally, TOCPL contends that it was ultra vires for the IMDA to prohibit
TOCPL from providing any new broadcasting services or activities on any other
websites or social media platforms because the class licence only covers
access to TOCPL’s broadcasting services and activities in Singapore, and the
IMDA has no legal basis to prohibit TOCPL from offering its broadcasting
services and activities from outside of Singapore. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AWS at paras 32–33.

51 In my view, this objection is premised on a misreading of the Letter. In so
far as TOCPL (being an ICP) might seek to provide computer on-line services
which are subject to a class licence under the Notification, “in or from
Singapore” [emphasis added], this would no longer be permitted under s 8(1) of
the Act in view of the cancellation of TOCPL’s class licence. The Letter
merely suspended TOCPL’s class licence; it did not purport to prohibit the
provision of services from other countries.

52 I therefore find that the material adduced and arguments made by TOCPL
regarding the scope of the class licence do not cross the threshold of
disclosing a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting
the remedies sought. Its application for leave thus fails on this substantive
ground as well as the procedural ground that it has failed to exhaust its
alternative remedies.

Conclusion

53 For these reasons, I dismiss TOCPL’s application for leave to apply for the
quashing orders and declarations set out in its originating summons. I shall
hear the parties on costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Lim Tean (Carson Law Chambers) for the applicant;

Khoo Boo Jin, Du Xuan and Lim Toh Han (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (12:29 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

