Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 26

District Court Appeal No 14 of 2020

Between

| Munshi Mohammad Faiz  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Interpro Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| K P Builder Pte Ltd  
(3)| Hwa Aik Engineering Pte. Ltd.  
  
… Respondents

District Court Appeal No 15 of 2020

Between

(1)| Interpro Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| K P Builder Pte Ltd  
  
… Appellants

And

| Munshi Mohammad Faiz  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Tort] — [Negligence]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Contributory negligence]

[Tort] — [Vicarious liability]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Munshi Mohammad Faiz

  
v

  

Interpro Construction Pte Ltd and others and another appeal

[2021] SGHC 26

General Division of the High Court — District Court Appeals Nos 14 and 15 of
2020  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
2, 16 October 2020

3 February 2021 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

1 These cross-appeals arise from District Court Suit No 265 of 2017 (“Suit”).
The Suit concerned an industrial accident in which the plaintiff, Munshi
Mohammad Faiz, was injured by an excavator operated by one Sujan Abdur Razzak
Sikder (“Sujan”). In the court below, the District Judge (“DJ”) found the
first and second defendants jointly and severally vicariously liable to the
plaintiff for Sujan’s negligence. They were ordered to bear 100% liability for
the accident. The DJ dismissed the Suit against the third defendant. District
Court Appeal No 14 of 2020 (“DCA 14”) is the plaintiff’s appeal against the
DJ’s decision while District Court Appeal No 15 of 2020 (“DCA 15”) is the
first and second defendants’ appeal against the same.

Dramatis personae and material facts

2 The second defendant in the Suit, K P Builder Pte Ltd (“2D”), was engaged as
the main contractor for a construction project at 22 Grove Crescent
(“Project”). At the material time, the 2D engaged the first defendant,
Interpro Construction Pte Ltd (“1D”), as its sub-contractor to carry out
general construction works, including certain excavation works, at the
Project’s worksite. The two companies share a common director.

3 The plaintiff was a construction worker in the employment of the 1D. The 1D
also appointed one Panchanathan Santhosh Kumar (“Santhosh”) as the foreman and
site safety supervisor for the Project. Santhosh reported to one Ong Siaw Meng
(“Ong”), the Project’s project manager and an employee of the 1D. In respect
of the excavation works for the Project, the 1D deployed Santhosh as the site
supervisor and foreman and five other workers (including the plaintiff) to
work under Santhosh’s supervision.

4 For the excavation works at the Project’s worksite, the 2D also engaged the
third defendant, Hwa Aik Engineering Pte. Ltd. (“3D”), to supply an excavator
and a trained and qualified excavator operator at a daily rate of $300.
Pursuant to this arrangement, the 3D provided an excavator and an excavator
operator, that being Sujan. Sujan was to work under the directions of the 1D
at the worksite. Outside of this arrangement, the 3D was Sujan’s general
employer.

5 Before turning to the accident, it is helpful to explain the “banksman
system” which was allegedly put in place by the 1D during the excavation
works. As explained by Santhosh in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”), the “banksman system” is a simple system of signals meant to direct
the movement of an excavator. A person on the ground, known as a “banksman”,
would be responsible for giving signals to the person operating the excavator.
For example, upon the banksman blowing his whistle once and showing the
appropriate hand-signal to the excavator operator, the latter would stop the
excavator and bring the excavator’s bucket to rest on the ground. The operator
was to ensure that the excavator remained stationary until the banksman blew
the whistle twice and showed the appropriate hand-signal for the excavator
operator to move the excavator again.

6 Based on the DJ’s Grounds of Decision (“GD”), the DJ pieced together the
following version of events in respect of the accident on 31 May 2016. Around
4.30pm that day, a certain area at the Project’s worksite had just been
excavated. At that time, only Santhosh (ie, the foreman), the plaintiff and
Sujan (ie, the excavator operator) were in the immediate vicinity of the
excavated pit. The DJ accepted that Santhosh had first instructed the
plaintiff to direct Sujan to stop the excavator. The plaintiff accordingly
blew his whistle once and gave the appropriate hand-signal to Sujan. Sujan
then brought the excavator’s bucket to rest on the ground and stopped
operating the excavator. The DJ stated that Santhosh then went into the
excavated pit and noted that there was “still [some] earth in the innermost
parts within the pit which had to be removed by the use of a spade”. Hence,
“Santhosh…instructed [the plaintiff] to fetch a spade from the toolbox near
the entrance of the Project’s worksite”. Thereafter, the plaintiff went to
fetch the spade. He walked near the excavator on his way to fetching the
spade, at which point the excavator (operated by Sujan) moved and collided
into him. The plaintiff was pinned under the metal wheel-track of the
excavator and suffered various personal injuries including a spinal fracture.

7 At the hearing below, the plaintiff claimed that the 1D and 2D were directly
liable to him for negligence and breach of various statutory duties. The
plaintiff also claimed that all three defendants were vicariously liable for
Santhosh’s and/or Sujan’s negligence during the accident.

Decision below

8 At the trial below, the parties disputed the circumstances under which the
excavator had moved. It appears that soon after the accident in June 2016,
Sujan left Singapore to return to his home country. He was not called as a
witness by any of the parties and critical evidence from him on this score was
therefore not available. Further, none of the parties conducted an
investigation into the accident or adduced an investigation report before the
DJ. Ultimately, the DJ was only able to rely on the plaintiff’s and Santhosh’s
unchallenged evidence. The DJ found that, during the accident, there was no
signal given to Sujan for him to move the excavator. On this basis, the DJ
concluded that the accident had occurred because Sujan had moved the excavator
despite not having received any signal to do so (GD at [21]).

9 The DJ went on to consider the following issues:

(a) Whether Sujan had been negligent in operating the excavator, resulting in
the accident.

(b) If the answer to the preceding issue is “yes”, whether any of the
defendants were vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence.

(c) Whether Santhosh was negligent when he instructed the plaintiff to
retrieve the spade during the accident.

(d) If the answer to the preceding issue is “yes”, whether the 1D was
vicariously liable for Santhosh’s negligence.

(e) Whether the 1D and 2D were liable for being negligent in failing to
provide the plaintiff with:

(i) the requisite training to act as a banksman;

(ii) competent workmen (in particular, a competent foreman) to work with; and

(iii) a safe workplace (in particular, by cordoning off the worksite
appropriately).

(f) Whether the plaintiff was contributorily negligent.

10 The DJ made the following findings:

(a) A reasonably competent excavator operator would not move the excavator
unless given a signal to do so by the banksman (GD at [24]–[25]). Sujan was
therefore negligent.

(b) The 1D and 2D, but not the 3D, were jointly and severally vicariously
liable for Sujan’s negligence (GD at [38] and [52]).

(c) Based on Santhosh’s unchallenged evidence that he had instructed the
plaintiff to retrieve the spade only after instructing the plaintiff to direct
Sujan to stop operating the excavator, Santhosh was not negligent during the
accident (GD at [45]).

(d) The 1D was accordingly not vicariously liable for any alleged negligence
of Santhosh.

(e) The 1D and 2D were not liable in negligence for allegedly failing to
provide the plaintiff with:

(i) the requisite training as a banksman, as there was no evidence to suggest
that the accident was caused by the plaintiff’s failings in performing that
role (GD at [46]);

(ii) competent workmen (in particular, a competent foreman) to work with (GD
at [49]); and

(iii) a safe workplace (ie, by cordoning off the worksite appropriately) (GD
at [50]).

(f) There was no evidence to show that the plaintiff was contributorily
negligent (GD at [51]).

11 In summary, the DJ held that the 1D and the 2D were jointly and severally
vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence. She entered interlocutory judgment
against them for 100% liability for the accident with “damages to be assessed
and costs reserved to the Registrar”. The plaintiff’s claim against the 3D was
dismissed with costs to the 3D to be taxed if not agreed.

Parties’ cases on appeal

12 The plaintiff’s case in these cross-appeals is as follows:

(a) Santhosh was negligent when he asked the plaintiff to retrieve the spade
during the accident. The 1D and the 2D are jointly vicariously liable for
Santhosh’s negligence.

(b) The 1D and the 2D were directly negligent in failing to provide the
plaintiff with a safe workplace by cordoning off the worksite appropriately.

(c) All three defendants should be vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence.
The 1D and the 2D should jointly and severally bear 85% of the liability for
the accident and the 3D should bear 15%.

13 The 1D and 2D’s case in these cross-appeals is as follows:

(a) The DJ was correct to find that Santhosh was not negligent during the
accident and that the 1D and 2D were accordingly not vicariously liable for
his actions.

(b) The DJ was correct in finding that there was no evidence to show that
cordoning off the excavation work area could have been carried out and that
doing so would have prevented the accident.

(c) The 3D is vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence and ought to bear 100%
of the liability for the accident. Alternatively, even if more than one
defendant should be held vicariously liable, liability ought to be apportioned
between 1D and 3D in equal shares and the 2D ought not to be liable at all.

14 The 3D’s case (as set out in its Respondent’s Case for DCA 14 and its
submissions) is as follows:

(a) The DJ erred in finding that Sujan was negligent in moving the excavator
without a signal because this was not a version of facts pleaded by the
plaintiff.

(b) Even if Sujan was negligent, the plaintiff was also contributorily
negligent. Furthermore:

(i) only the 1D and 2D, and not the 3D, should be held vicariously liable
because Sujan was the employee pro hac vice of the former two; and

(ii) alternatively, if all three defendants are held to be vicariously liable
for Sujan’s negligence, then the 3D ought to bear no more than 15% of the
liability for the accident, with the 1D and 2D bearing the remaining 85%.

Issues on appeal

15 The following issues arise for my consideration:

(a) Issue 1: Whether Santhosh was negligent when he instructed the plaintiff
to retrieve the spade during the accident. If “yes”, whether the 1D and/or 2D
were vicariously liable for his negligence.

(b) Issue 2: Whether the 1D and/or 2D were directly negligent in failing to
provide the plaintiff with a safe workplace (in particular, by cordoning off
the worksite appropriately).

(c) Issue 3: Whether the DJ had erred in finding Sujan to be negligent based
on a version of facts allegedly not pleaded by the plaintiff.

(d) Issue 4: Whether the plaintiff was contributorily negligent.

(e) Issue 5: If Sujan was negligent, to what extent (if any) are each of the
defendants vicariously liable for his negligence. This comprises the following
sub-issues:

(i) Issue 5.1: As a matter of law, is it permissible to hold multiple
defendants vicariously liable for the negligence of a single primary
tortfeasor (this is hereinafter referred to as “dual VL”).

(ii) Issue 5.2: On the facts, which defendants ought to be held vicariously
liable for Sujan’s negligence.

Issue 1 - Santhosh’s alleged negligence and the 1D’s and 2D’s alleged
vicarious liability

16 At the trial below, Santhosh’s evidence was that he had instructed the
plaintiff to retrieve the spade only after instructing the plaintiff to direct
Sujan to stop operating the excavator. The DJ accepted this evidence as it was
unchallenged (see GD at [45]). She thus found that Santhosh was not negligent
during the accident.

17 The plaintiff argues, however, that based on Santhosh’s own evidence there
was a period of four to five minutes of inactivity when the plaintiff went to
retrieve the spade. Within this period, there was no one acting as a banksman
to supervise Sujan and to direct his operation of the excavator. It is said
that Santhosh ought to have waited for the plaintiff to return with the spade
before going into the pit. He ought to have filled in the role of banksman
during the intervening period so as to ensure that Sujan did not move the
excavator for whatever reason. In particular, Santhosh ought to have made sure
that the excavator was switched off before asking the plaintiff to retrieve
the spade and entering the pit himself. Alternatively, Santhosh ought to have
stood within Sujan’s line of sight so that he could react promptly if the
excavator moved in a way that put the plaintiff at risk.

18 I am unable to agree with the plaintiff’s arguments above. Even if Santhosh
had stood in as banksman while the plaintiff had gone to fetch the spade, the
question is what a reasonable banksman in his position would have done. The
answer is “nothing”. Just moments before, the plaintiff had already signalled
to Sujan to stop the excavator, which the latter did. Santhosh had then told
the plaintiff to fetch the spade. While waiting for the plaintiff to return,
there was simply nothing that a reasonable banksman could have done to prevent
the accident. Santhosh could not be expected to predict Sujan’s sudden and
unilateral act of moving the excavator without a signal.

19 Further, I do not think that Santhosh had been negligent in omitting to
direct that the excavator engine be turned off while waiting for the plaintiff
to fetch the spade. This is not a situation where Santhosh had left an
unattended piece of heavy machinery running even though it was no longer
needed. On the contrary, Santhosh had Sujan in control of the excavator during
the entire time. Sujan had been briefed on the banksman system, which was
meant precisely to ensure that the stationary excavator did not move without a
signal. In these circumstances, it is neither practical nor reasonable to
expect Santhosh to have the excavator engine turned off immediately simply
because there was a momentary pause in its use.

20 In a similar vein, I do not think Santhosh was negligent in not standing in
Sujan’s line of sight. Given the system of signalling in place, there was no
reason for Santhosh to think that Sujan would spontaneously move the excavator
on his own. In any event, even if Santhosh had stood in Sujan’s line of sight,
Santhosh could not have done anything that would have prevented Sujan’s sudden
and unilateral act of moving the excavator without warning.

21 As I find that Santhosh did not act negligently during the accident, the
question of the 1D’s and/or 2D’s vicarious liability for his alleged
negligence does not arise.

Issue 2 – Whether the work area should have been cordoned off

22 The DJ found that there was a lack of evidence showing that cordoning off
the excavation work area could have been carried out and would have prevented
the accident (GD at [50]). She thus found that there was no negligence by the
1D and/or 2D in omitting to take such measures.

23 On appeal, the plaintiff contests the abovementioned finding. He asserts
that “notwithstanding the space constraint”, the accident could well have been
avoided had there been a proper system of “demarcation, delineation, signage
and/or visible drawn lines”. Apart from being vague, the plaintiff’s assertion
does nothing to make up for the lack of evidence which the DJ pointed out. I
am not persuaded that it was reasonable or practical to cordon off the
excavation work area and that these measures would have made a difference. On
the contrary, the only available evidence is Ong’s testimony that such
measures were not possible given the dimensions of the pit and the size of the
Project’s worksite. In the circumstances, I see no reason to interfere with
the DJ’s finding on this issue.

Issue 3 – Whether Sujan was negligent

24 At the trial below, there was a dispute as to whether, prior to the
accident, the plaintiff had been formally appointed as the banksman for the
excavation works in question. Relying on Santhosh’s and Ong’s evidence, 1D and
2D said that he had. On the other hand, the plaintiff denied that such a role
was formally assigned to him. The DJ found that ultimately, it was not
important whether the plaintiff was formally tasked with the role. Based on
the available evidence, it was clear that the plaintiff did act as the de
facto banksman at the time of the accident and “did as instructed” (see GD at
[43]). The DJ thus concluded that nothing turned on whether the plaintiff had
been formally appointed to this role or not.

25 The 3D in its Respondent’s Case for DCA 14 disagrees with the DJ and argues
that the identity of the banksman was fundamental to the plaintiff’s pleaded
case. Its argument is as follows. The DJ had erred in finding that the
accident was caused by Sujan’s negligence in moving the excavator without a
signal. This version of facts was simply not pleaded by the plaintiff. The
plaintiff’s case, as set out in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2)
(“SOC2”) at paras 9.37 and 9.38, was only that Santhosh was the banksman and
Santhosh had failed to direct the excavator to stop moving when he instructed
the plaintiff to retrieve the spade. Therefore, for the plaintiff to succeed,
he must first establish that Santhosh was the banksman. At trial, however, the
plaintiff’s own evidence was that there was no such “[banksman] system of
signals and whistles”. The plaintiff hence failed in proving his pleaded case.

26 To my mind, the above argument is based on an incomplete reading of the
plaintiff’s pleadings. In the SOC2, the plaintiff also pleaded the following:

(a) All three defendants were themselves negligent in, inter alia:

9.6. Failing to take any or reasonable care to ensure that the excavator
operator had carried out his work in a safe manner so as not to endanger the
safety of the Plaintiff;

(b) The 1D and 3D were vicariously liable for, inter alia:

9.40 Negligence on the part of the excavator operator in failing to keep any
proper lookout …

…

9.42. Negligence on the part of the excavator operator in failing to manage or
control the excavator in a safe manner so as to avoid hitting the Plaintiff;

…

9.45. Negligence on the part of the excavator operator in exposing the
Plaintiff to a risk of damage or injury by failing to drive and/or operate the
excavator in a safe manner;

27 It is clear from the above that the plaintiff did plead that Sujan had not
operated the excavator in a safe manner. Each of the above allegations was an
independent strand of the plaintiff’s pleaded case. None of them were
expressed to be dependent on who the banksman was. The unchallenged evidence
of the plaintiff and Santhosh at trial pointed to the fact that no signal had
been given (ie, in the form of a whistle, hand signal or otherwise) when Sujan
moved the excavator. On the basis of this evidence, it was entirely open to
the DJ to reach her finding that Sujan had been negligent in “moving the
excavator even though he had not been given any signal [to do so]”, thereby
injuring the plaintiff. I therefore reject the 3D’s argument.

28 At this juncture, I digress to address a point not raised by any of the
parties. It is apparent from [26(a)-(b)] above that there is a gap in the
pleadings. Specifically, nowhere is it stated in those two extracts (or
anywhere else in the SOC2) that the 2D was vicariously liable for Sujan’s
negligence. The pleading quoted at [26(a)] is premised on 2D breaching its own
duty of care, rather than it being vicariously liable for Sujan’s breach of
duty. The pleading referred to in [26(b)] above only alleges that the 1D and
the 3D, not the 2D, are vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence.

29 In V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam,
deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422, the
Court of Appeal explained that:

38 …[T]he general rule is that parties are bound by their pleadings and the
court is precluded from deciding on a matter that the parties themselves have
decided not to put into issue. …

40 [However,] the law permits the departure from the general rule in limited
circumstances, where no prejudice is caused to the other party in the trial or
where it would be clearly unjust for the court not to do so. In Singapore, the
law was reiterated by this court in OMG Holdings at [18] as follows:

… It is trite law that the court may permit an unpleaded point to be raised if
no injustice or irreparable prejudice (that cannot be compensated by costs)
will be occasioned to the other party (see Lu Bang Song v Teambuild
Construction Pte Ltd [2009] SGHC 49 (‘Lu Bang Song’) at [17] and Boustead
Trading (1985) Sdn Bhd v Arab-Malaysian Merchant Bank Ltd [1995] 3 MLJ 331
(‘Boustead Trading’) at 341–342). In the same vein, evidence given at trial
can, where appropriate, overcome defects in the pleadings provided that the
other party is not taken by surprise or irreparably prejudiced (see Lu Bang
Song at [17]).

[emphasis added in bold]

30 Given that the plaintiff has failed to plead that the 2D is vicariously
liable for Sujan negligence, the question is whether he should exceptionally
be allowed to depart from his pleadings. In my view, he may be allowed to do
so. It is clear from the 1D and 2D’s Opening Statement below that from the
outset, counsel had run their case to address the issue of the 2D’s vicarious
liability for Sujan’s negligence. The issue was again argued in the 1D’s and
2D’s Closing Submissions (dated 1 April 2020). In fact, the DJ had proceeded
on the basis that this was a live issue between the parties. Evidence was
adduced in this regard and the DJ went on to make a finding on it (see [10(b)]
above). The 1D’s and 2D’s counsel has also not taken any objection in respect
of the defect in the plaintiff’s pleadings. In the circumstances, I do not
think that there is any material prejudice to the 1D and 2D which would
preclude the plaintiff’s departure from his pleaded case.

31 As far as the 3D is concerned, I cannot see how it would be prejudiced by
the plaintiff being allowed to hold the 2D vicariously liable for Sujan’s
negligence. In any case, it is clear from the 3D’s Opening Statement (dated 7
January 2020) and Closing Submissions (dated 1 April 2020) below that the 3D
had actively sought to shift the vicarious liability for Sujan’s negligence to
both the 1D and 2D.

32 I thus have no reason to think that any of the defendants have been
irreparably prejudiced by the plaintiff’s departure from his pleaded case. In
the circumstances, I need not say any more on this point.

33 There is also another related argument by the 3D in respect of the DJ’s
finding that Sujan’s negligence caused the accident. It is argued that in
reaching this finding, the DJ had erred in failing to consider the
inconsistencies in the plaintiff’s evidence and in omitting to draw adverse
inferences against him. Specifically, it was apparently “unrealistic” that
Santhosh would have instructed the plaintiff to fetch the spade from the
toolbox when (a) this instruction would have required the plaintiff to take a
“circuitous route requiring a 10 to 15 minute walk to retrieve [the spade]”;
and (b) Santhosh was himself standing less than ten metres from the toolbox.

34 I do not think this argument has much merit. Whilst it is true that the
plaintiff’s testimony as regards the accident is difficult to follow in many
aspects, the DJ’s finding that Santhosh had instructed the plaintiff to fetch
the spade was also supported by Santhosh’s unchallenged evidence to that
effect (see GD at [45]). It is entirely unclear what the 3D is saying might
have happened instead if no such instruction was given. This challenge against
the DJ’s finding also fails.

Issue 4 – Whether the plaintiff was contributorily negligent

35 The 3D contends that even if Sujan was negligent, the plaintiff should be
held contributorily negligent for the accident and be awarded no more than 50%
of the assessed damages. This is given that, on the plaintiff’s own evidence,
(a) he was aware that the excavator was turned on at the time of the incident
and could potentially move at any time; and (b) it is not even clear whether
Sujan had been informed that the plaintiff was going to retrieve the spade for
Santhosh. It is said in these circumstances, it was “curious how [the
plaintiff] could have…allowed himself…to stand [so] close to the excavator at
only 2 feet away and to enter the excavator’s blind spot”.

36 On the issue of the plaintiff’s contributory negligence, the DJ had stated
(at [51] of the GD) that:

As I have already found that nothing turns on P’s failings or not as a
banksman, there is no evidence to show that P was contributorily negligent in
the circumstances.

With respect, I am unable to agree. Even if there was no evidence showing that
the plaintiff’s failings as a banksman contributed to the accident, this does
not address the point made by the 3D on appeal (and below) that the plaintiff
was contributorily negligent in having ventured so close to the excavator.

37 I thus proceed to consider the 3D’s argument on the merits. The 3D bears
the burden of establishing the defence of contributory negligence. I am,
however, not persuaded that it has discharged this burden. The plaintiff did
in fact give evidence that at the time of the accident, he was standing “2, 3
feets just behind [the] excavator”. However, even though the excavator engine
may have remained turned on at the time, the other surrounding circumstances
must also be taken into consideration.

38 By the time that the plaintiff had gone to fetch the spade, Sujan had
already been directed to (and did in fact) stop the excavator. For all intents
and purposes, the excavator’s operation had been paused so that a spade could
be obtained to manually remove the remaining earth in the excavated pit. In
these circumstances, it was not unreasonable for the plaintiff to think that
the excavator would remain stationary (especially in the absence of any signal
to move). Furthermore, it was Santhosh who had told the plaintiff to fetch the
spade. Even if Sujan himself was not expressly informed that the plaintiff had
left to perform this task, it was reasonable for the plaintiff to expect that
Santhosh would not direct Sujan to move the excavator for no good reason.
Sujan’s spontaneous act of doing so without a signal is difficult to
understand even at present. I do not think the plaintiff should be faulted for
not having foreseen Sujan’s somewhat inexplicable conduct. I hence reject the
defence of contributory negligence.

Issue 5 –The defendants’ vicarious liability for Sujan’s negligence

39 Before outlining the parties’ cases on this issue, it is useful to discuss
the current state of Singapore law on vicarious liability. In Ng Huat Seng and
another v Munib Mohammad Madni and another [2017] 2 SLR 1074 (“Ng Huat Seng”),
the Court of Appeal explained (at [42] and [44]) as follows:

42 … [T]here are two separate inquiries to be undertaken when determining
whether vicarious liability should be imposed. The first examines the nature
of the relationship between the defendant and the tortfeasor. While the law
does not confine this to a relationship of employment, it remains necessary to
establish a relationship of sufficient closeness such as would make it fair,
just and reasonable to impose liability on the defendant for the tortious acts
of another.

…

44 The second inquiry to be made when deciding whether vicarious liability
should be imposed is whether there is a sufficient connection between the
relationship between the defendant and the tortfeasor on the one hand, and the
commission of the tort on the other. Has that relationship created or
significantly enhanced the risk of the tort being committed? This is a second
and distinct part of the analysis which is only reached if the claimant can
first establish the existence of a special relationship between the defendant
and the tortfeasor. …

[emphasis added in bold]

40 As set out above, the court applies a two-stage test (“general test”) to
determine whether vicarious liability ought to be imposed on a defendant for
the negligence of a primary tortfeasor. Both requirements, as set out below,
must be satisfied:

(a) First, the relationship between the primary tortfeasor and defendant must
be sufficiently close so as to make it fair, just and reasonable to impose
vicarious liability on the defendant for the primary tortfeasor’s acts.

(b) Second, there must be sufficient connection between the defendant’s
relationship with the primary tortfeasor on the one hand and the commission of
the tort on the other. In particular, the question is whether the relationship
created or significantly enhanced the risk of the tort being committed.

41 In Ng Huat Seng, the Court of Appeal further referred to the UK Supreme
Court’s holding in Various Claimants v Catholic Child Welfare Society and
others [2012] 3 WLR 1319 (“Christian Brothers”). Specifically, the UK Supreme
Court had (at [35]) identified a number of policy factors that would usually
make it fair, just and reasonable for vicarious liability to be imposed in
employment relationships. These were as follows:

(a) That the employer would be more likely than the employee to have the means
to compensate the victim and could be expected to have insured itself against
that liability.

(b) That the tort would have been committed as a result of activity undertaken
by the employee on behalf of the employer.

(c) That the employee’s activity would likely be part of the business activity
of the employer.

(d) That the employer, by employing the employee to carry out the activity,
would have created the risk of the tort being committed by the latter.

(e) That the employee would, to a greater or lesser degree, have been under
the control of the employer at the time the tort was committed.

The UK Supreme Court added that even if the defendant and tortfeasor were not
bound by an employment contract, vicarious liability could still be imposed
where the relationship had the same incidents so that it was “akin to [an
employment relationship]” (Christian Brothers at [47], cited in Ng Huat Seng
at [54]). The Court of Appeal in Ng Huat Seng accepted (at [62] read with
[54(a)]–[54(e)]) that these factors “help to guide the court in determining
the types of relationships within which it would be fair, just and reasonable
to impose [vicarious] liability”.

42 The application of the general test is relatively straightforward in
situations where a plaintiff only seeks to hold a single defendant vicariously
liable for the tort of another. There are, however, situations where a person
Z, who is under the general employment of X, is “lent” or “hired out” to
another employer Y for a particular purpose or occasion. This is often
described as the “borrowed employee” situation. X is known as the “general
employer” whilst Y is known as the “temporary employer”. Where the employee Z
goes on to commit a tort, a plaintiff may wish to sue both X and Y as being
vicariously liable for the same tortious act of Z. Historically, this
“borrowed employee” situation has been resolved by resort to the principle
espoused in the English case of Mersey Docks and Harbour Board v Coggins &
Griffith (Liverpool) Limited [1947] AC 1 (“Mersey Docks”) (at 12-13). In that
case, the House of Lords held that as a general rule, the general employer of
a worker is prima facie vicariously liable for the worker’s negligence.
Nonetheless, it was recognised that:

… [I]t is always open to [a general] employer to show, if he can, that he has
for a particular purpose or on a particular occasion temporarily transferred
the services of one of his general [workers] to another party [ie, the
temporary employer] so as to constitute him pro hac vice the servant of that
other party with consequent [vicarious] liability for [the worker’s] negligent
acts. The burden is on the general employer to establish that such a
transference has been effected.

43 I will refer to the above principle as the “pro hac vice principle”. The
phrase “pro hac vice” simply means “for this occasion”. In deciding whether
the general rule is displaced, the court inquires into whether the worker has
on the particular occasion giving rise to the tort become the employee of the
temporary employer instead (such that the temporary employer bears the
vicarious liability for the worker’s negligence rather than the general
employer). This principle was applied by the Court of Appeal in BNM
(administratrix of the estate of B, deceased) on her own behalf and on behalf
of others v National University of Singapore and others and another appeal
[2014] 4 SLR 931 (“BNM”). As observed by Rix LJ in the important English case
of Viasystems (Tyneside) Ltd v Thermal Transfer (Northern) Ltd and others
[2006] QB 510 (“Viasystems”) (at [56] and [68]), the pro hac vice principle in
Mersey Docks appears to assume that vicarious liability is to be found in
either one employer or the other, but not both. The learned Lord Justice
noted, however, that “although the background of Mersey Docks may have
reflected [such an assumption] …, it is not a decision to that effect”. I will
return to the cases of BNM, Viasystems and Mersey Docks later below. At this
point, it suffices to note that these comments are relevant because we are
essentially concerned here with a “borrowed employee” (ie, Sujan) whose
negligence the plaintiff seeks to hold multiple defendants vicariously liable
for.

Parties’ cases

44 To recapitulate, after finding that Sujan was negligent, the DJ went on to
examine which of the defendants ought to be held vicariously liable for his
tort. At [26]–[38] of the GD, the DJ’s approach was to apply the general test
in Ng Huat Seng to each defendant. She found (at [36]) that:

…[T]he relationship that is of sufficient closeness such as would make it
fair, just and reasonable to impose liability for the tortious acts of Sujan
is that between D1 and D2 on the one hand and Sujan on the other. It is also
this relationship that created or significantly enhanced the risk of the
negligent act or tort being committed as Sujan who was engaged by D2 for the
excavation works at the Project’s worksite, was acting under the instructions,
control and supervision of D1’s employees. Other than the supply of the
excavator and a qualified excavator operator, D3 was not even remotely
involved at all. …

[emphasis in bold added]

The DJ concluded that the 1D and the 2D, but not the 3D, were jointly and
severally vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence. She accordingly entered
interlocutory judgment against them for 100% liability for the accident.

45 In these cross-appeals, there are two main issues that arise in connection
with the DJ’s finding set out above:

(a) As a matter of law, is it permissible to hold multiple defendants
vicariously liable for the negligence of a primary tortfeasor (ie, the
principle of dual VL)?

(b) Depending on the answer to the preceding question, which of the present
defendants ought to be held vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence?

(1) Plaintiff’s case

46 The plaintiff takes the following position in these cross-appeals:

(a) As a matter of law, the principle of dual VL ought to be recognised in
Singapore.

(b) Vicarious liability ought to be imposed on all three defendants. The DJ
erred in not holding the 3D vicariously liable at all. Applying the general
test in Ng Huat Seng and the pro hac vice principle in Mersey Docks, the 1D
and the 2D should be jointly and severally vicariously liable for 85% of the
liability for the accident and the 3D should be liable for the remaining 15%.

47 The plaintiff relies on, inter alia, the following grounds to support his
case:

(a) All three defendants had shared control of Sujan. The excavation works
involved a task that required the coordination of workers with different
skills and responsibilities (ie, Santhosh and Sujan) and it was this failure
in coordination that resulted in the accident. Further, Sujan was “integrated
into the organisational structure of [all three defendants’] businesses” and
economically benefited all of them. His relationship with all three defendants
created or enhanced (to varying overlapping degrees) the risk of the tort
being committed.

(b) The 3D was the general employer of Sujan. It paid his monthly salary and
was in the business of hiring out excavators and operators to third parties
like the 1D and 2D. Further, the 3D had the right to discipline and dismiss
Sujan. The 3D should thus be prima facie vicariously liable for Sujan’s
negligence. The 3D has, however, failed to shift the entire responsibility to
the 1D and 2D. Neither the 1D nor 2D had the authority to tell Sujan how to
operate the excavator. The 1D’s Santhosh was limited to telling Sujan only
what to do with the excavator. Whilst Santhosh did have some say over the
movement of the excavator that Sujan was operating (ie, through the banksman
system), this was restricted to starting/stopping the excavator and the
positioning of the excavator in performing the excavation works. Although
Santhosh also had authority over certain other matters (ie, Sujan’s work
schedule), none of these had anything to do with how the excavator was to be
operated.

(c) The DJ erred in finding that “other than the supply of the excavator and a
qualified excavator operator, D3 was not even remotely involved at all”. The
3D was involved in other ways that ought to have been given weight, as
follows:

(i) The 3D selected which operator was to be hired out under its contract with
the 2D.

(ii) The 3D provided the excavator that Sujan used in the excavation works.

(iii) The 3D was responsible for ensuring that Sujan had the necessary
training and qualifications to operate the excavator.

(iv) The 3D profited from the business of hiring out equipment and skilled
labour and bore the risks of running it.

(d) Further, the 3D is in a better position than the 1D and 2D to deter the
risk of future harm. The “specific technical expertise” of operating
excavators lay with the 3D. Unlike the other two defendants, the 3D was in the
business of owning, renting and operating excavators. It was responsible for
Sujan’s training and qualification as an excavator operator. Further, the 3D
was in charge of disciplining Sujan. As a matter of victim compensation, none
of the three defendants have any known signs of financial impecuniosity.

(2) 1D’s and 2D’s case

48 The 1D and 2D do not appear to argue that the principle of dual VL ought
not to be recognised as a matter of law. Instead, they submit as follows:

(a) The correct approach is to apply the pro hac vice principle in Mersey
Docks. As the general employer of Sujan, the 3D is prima facie vicariously
liable for Sujan’s negligence. The burden is on the 3D to prove that Sujan was
the 1D’s and 2D’s employee pro hac vice. Having failed to discharge this
burden, the 3D is vicariously liable.

(b) Dual VL is not “applicable” in the present case. The principle of dual VL
requires there to be “shared control” and that it be “just” to impose
vicarious liability on the defendant in question. Here, only the 3D had
control over Sujan’s negligent act. Thus, the 1D and 2D ought not to be made
liable at all.

(c) Even if there should be dual VL in the present case, liability for the
accident ought to be apportioned severally between 1D and 3D in equal shares
and the 2D ought not to be liable at all.

49 In support of their case above, the 1D and 2D rely on, inter alia, the
following arguments:

(a) The 3D was Sujan’s general employer and there was a “special relationship”
between them. The 3D is prima facie vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence
and it failed to displace this presumption. In particular, the 3D failed to
show that the 1D and 2D had “entire and absolute control” over Sujan.

(b) The 1D’s Santhosh was overall in charge of the excavation works. However,
his ability to direct Sujan (through the banksman system) to start and stop
the excavator’s movements was merely limited to controlling when Sujan was to
operate the excavator, and not how he did so.

(c) The 2D exercised absolutely no control over Sujan. None of its staff were
at the worksite on the day of the accident. The 2D merely engaged the 3D to
supply an excavator and a trained excavator operator. It was the 3D that
eventually selected and deployed Sujan to operate the excavator at the
worksite.

(d) It was the relationship between Sujan and the 3D (not the 1D and 2D) that
created or significantly enhanced the risk of the tort being committed. It was
the 3D that:

(i) agreed to supply the excavator and an excavator operator to the 2D;

(ii) selected and deployed Sujan as the excavator operator;

(iii) chose not to conduct any inspection of the Project’s worksite; and

(iv) chose not to conduct its own risk assessment.

(3) 3D’s case

50 The 3D’s position is as follows:

(a) Even if Sujan was negligent, the DJ was correct to hold only the 1D and
2D, and not the 3D, vicariously liable. The pro hac vice principle in Mersey
Docks focusses on the issue of who had control over the relevant act of the
primary tortfeasor. In Viaystems, however, Rix LJ also thought that it had to
be just to make multiple defendants liable for the negligence of a single
tortfeasor. Applying the “shared control” test and the “just” test, only the
1D and 2D (and not the 3D) should be vicariously liable for Sujan’s
negligence.

(b) Alternatively, if all three defendants are held to be vicariously liable
for Sujan’s negligence, then the 3D ought to bear no more than 15% of the
liability for the accident, with the 1D and 2D bearing the remaining 85%.

51 In support of its case, the 3D makes, inter alia, the following
submissions:

(a) Following the DJ’s reasons in the GD as listed below, Sujan was the
employee pro hac vice of the 1D and 2D:

(i) The 1D had deployed the plaintiff and Sujan to work under Santhosh’s
supervision. It was part of Santhosh’s duties as a site safety supervisor and
foreman to ensure that Sujan was a trained and qualified excavator operator.

(ii) The 2D had left Sujan to work under the supervision and control of the
1D’s Santhosh.

(iii) Santhosh had “oversight and supervision of the excavation works,
including how Sujan was to operate the excavator based on specific
instructions”. Santhosh was also in charge of giving instructions to the
plaintiff and Sujan as regards the banksman system.

(iv) Apart from Sujan, no employee from the 3D was present on-site. The
excavation works were carried out without the 3D’s involvement.

(b) In fact, the 1D and 2D had “absolute” control of Sujan given, inter alia,
the following points:

(i) The banksman (whether it was Santhosh or the plaintiff) was the employee
of the 1D. The control exercised by the banksman (through the banksman system)
over Sujan was “absolute”. The banksman system was put in place by the 1D with
no input from the 3D.

(ii) Contrary to the plaintiff’s claim, the skills involved in operating the
excavator were “simple” and not “unique”. Even if Sujan’s expertise was
unique, it had nothing to do with Sujan’s alleged negligence in moving the
excavator without a signal. That act fell within the ambit of control
exercised by Santhosh over Sujan through the banksman system.

(iii) The safety briefings, safety plans and risk assessment plans were
handled by the 1D and 2D without any input from the 3D.

(c) While the 3D trained and selected operators for assignment, the evidence
was that Santhosh independently verified Sujan’s qualifications. Implicit in
this was that the 1D and 2D had the final discretion to reject Sujan if they
were not satisfied as to his qualifications.

(d) The fact that the 3D provided the excavator does not take the plaintiff
very far. That a general employer had contracted to lend a machine “does not
have much bearing on whether control had transferred” unless the accident was
caused as a result of neglect to maintain the machine. There is no suggestion
that the accident was caused by the excavator’s mechanical faults.

(e) The 3D is not in the business of hiring out excavators and excavator
operators. It is in the business of demolition and had hired out Sujan and the
excavator to the 2D on a one-off basis.

(f) As regards the “enterprise liability” rationale for imposing vicarious
liability, it is the party that enjoys all (or a greater share) of the
economic benefits which ought to bear all (or a greater share) of vicarious
liability. 1D and 2D enjoyed the bulk of the economic benefits for the Project
with a contract value in excess of $900,000. In contrast, the 3D only obtained
a mere $300 per day for hiring out the excavator and an excavator operator.

5.1 Whether dual vicarious liability ought to be recognised as a matter of law

52 In deciding that the 1D and 2D were both vicariously liable for 100% of the
loss arising from the accident, the DJ appears to have assumed that dual VL is
permissible at law. The issue was, in any event, not discussed in the GD. On
appeal, the plaintiff submits that the principle of dual VL ought to be
recognised under Singapore law. As is apparent from the parties’ cases above,
none of the defendants object to this.

53 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the relevant authorities, I
am persuaded that at law, it is permissible to hold multiple defendants
vicariously liable for the negligence of a single tortfeasor.

54 As a matter of authority, the issue has not yet been expressly decided by
the Court of Appeal. Ng Huat Seng (cited at [43] above) was not concerned at
all with the imposition of dual VL.

55 In BNM, the plaintiff’s husband drowned in a swimming pool owned by the
first defendant (“NUS”). The plaintiff brought an action in the name of her
deceased husband’s estate against NUS and the second defendant, Hydro, the
company engaged by NUS to supply lifeguards and provide maintenance services
for the pool. The High Court judge below found that Hydro’s lifeguards had
been negligent in the discharge of their duties and that NUS was vicariously
liable for Hydro’s negligence. As the Judge found that causation had not been
proved, however, the claim was dismissed. On appeal, the Court of Appeal
proceeded on the basis that the lifeguards were negligent. It went to
elaborate (at [20]–[21]):

20 … [W]e should make a salient observation as to the proper approach in
analysing the vicarious liability of the lifeguards’ negligence. In our view,
for the purposes of attributing vicarious liability to either Hydro or NUS or
even both in respect of the lifeguards’ negligence, the correct inquiry should
be to evaluate the question of control which NUS had exercised over the
lifeguards and not over Hydro. This is clear from Mersey Docks…

21 Here, there is no dispute that the lifeguards were employed by Hydro. Prima
facie, Hydro would be vicariously liable for the negligence of its own
employees, the lifeguards, and the proper approach should have been to
consider whether that presumption has been displaced. We therefore disagree
with the Judge’s approach of focusing on NUS’s control over Hydro. Having said
that, this was how the issue was addressed by the parties in the court below,
and we go on to consider whether the Judge’s finding was correct.

[emphasis in italics original; emphasis in bold and bold underline added]

56 Although the text in bold underline above suggests that the Court of Appeal
may have accepted that imposing dual VL is permissible at law, it appears
(from [17] of BNM) that the plaintiff in that case did not actually contend
that NUS and Hydro were vicariously liable for the negligence of the
lifeguards. As far as vicarious liability was concerned, the plaintiff’s
position was only that NUS was “vicariously liable for the negligence of
Hydro, its agents and/or servants”. It was in this context that the Court of
Appeal opined that for the purpose of attributing vicarious liability for the
lifeguard’s negligence, the proper analysis required an examination of the
relationship between NUS and the lifeguards, not Hydro. Applying the pro hac
vice principle in Mersey Docks, the Court of Appeal went on to indicate (at
[21]) that as the general employer, Hydro would prima facie be vicariously
liable for the lifeguard’s negligence. It eventually concluded (at [33]) that
had it been necessary to decide the issue of vicarious liability, it would
have found Hydro to have control over the lifeguards, and not NUS. In light of
the foregoing, I do not interpret the ratio decidendi of BNM to include the
holding that, as a matter of law, dual VL is permissible. The principle of
dual VL does not appear to have been argued or discussed in BNM.

57 There is one High Court case, Chen Qiangshi v. Hong Fei CDY Construction
Pte Ltd and another (2014) SGHC 177 (“Chen Qiangshi”), which accepts that
imposing dual VL is permissible as a matter of law. It should be noted that
this case pre-dates Ng Huat Seng. In Chen Qiangshi, the plaintiff was a
construction worker who suffered physical injuries during the construction of
a building. The second defendant was the main contractor. The first defendant
was the sub-contractor and the employer of the plaintiff. The accident
occurred when the construction workers at the worksite attempted to relocate a
rebar cage that had been incorrectly installed. The rebar cage collapsed
during the attempt, injuring the plaintiff. George Wei JC (as he was then)
held that the signalman/rigger who was present, one Mr Masum, had been
negligent.

58 On the issue of vicarious liability, Wei JC noted (at [192]) that “Mr
Masum’s negligent acts were performed while he was an employee of the first
defendant and in the course of his employment by the first defendant”.
Nonetheless, it did not necessarily follow that the first defendant was
vicariously liable. Under the pro hac vice principle in Mersey Docks, the
first defendant was only prima facie liable for the negligence of Mr Masum and
it could show that Mr Masum’s employment had been transferred pro hac vice to
the second defendant. On the facts, Wei JC was satisfied (at [196]) that at
the material time, Mr Masum was indeed the second defendant’s employee pro hac
vice.

59 Although the disputing parties in Chen Qiangshi did not address the issue
of dual VL, Wei JC accepted (at [200]) that in principle, “vicarious liability
can be borne by two employers in the appropriate cases”. In reaching this
view, he relied upon the English case of Viasystems, which I mentioned
earlier. At [197]–[198], the learned Judge commented:

197 There is English authority that in appropriate cases, two employers may be
dually vicariously liable for an employee’s negligence. In Viasystems
(Tyneside) Ltd v Thermal Transfer (Northern) Ltd and others [2006] QB 510
(“Viasystems”) the English Court of Appeal held that liability for a worker’s
negligence was shared by two employers.

198 In Viasystems, X had supplied to Y a worker on a labour-only basis to
carry out some ducting work. The work was carelessly performed and resulted in
damage to a factory. The English Court of Appeal held that it was possible for
X and Y to be dually vicariously liable for the negligence of the worker. In
doing so, the English Court of Appeal considered (at [31] of Viasystems) a
Privy Council case which was on appeal from Singapore: Karuppan Bhoomides v
Port of Singapore Authority [1978] 1 WLR 189 (“Karuppan v PSA”). In Karuppan v
PSA, the Privy Council appears to have assumed that where an employee is
“loaned” by one employer to another, then either one or the other – but not
both – will be subject to vicarious liability. May LJ in Viasystems, however,
pointed out that the possibility of dual vicarious liability was not argued
(nor was it possible on the facts) before the Privy Council in Karuppan v PSA.
In short, the English Court of Appeal was of the view that there was no
binding authority in England against dual vicarious liability.

[emphasis in bold added]

60 As stated above, the UK Court of Appeal in Viasystems recognised the
principle of dual VL. The two-member coram comprising Rix and May LJJ held
that the “essence” of dual VL was shared control. As observed by Wei JC in
Chen Qiangshi (at [199]), however, the two Lord Justices were divided as to
whether there was a superadded requirement that the imposition of dual VL be
“just” in the circumstances. Rix LJ expressed scepticism as to whether dual VL
was only concerned with the question of control and suggested further (at
[79]) that:

…one is looking for…a situation where the employee in question, at any rate
for relevant purposes, is so much a part of the work, business or organisation
of both employers that it is just to make both employers answer for his
negligence…

[emphasis in bold added]

61 Returning to Chen Qiangshi, Wei JC took guidance from the above reasoning
in Viasystems. At [201]–[202], Wei JC found that although Mr Masum was the
second defendant’s employee pro hac vice, the first defendant retained
sufficient control to attract vicarious liability for Mr Masum’s negligence.
Further, if it was also required that the imposition of dual VL be “just”,
this was so on the facts of Chen Qiangshi. Wei JC therefore concluded that the
first and second defendants were both vicariously liable to the plaintiff.

62 The holding in Viasystems has since been approved by the UK Supreme Court
in Christian Brothers. In Christian Brothers, the sole issue on appeal was
whether a Catholic teaching order (“the Institute”), which assigned its
members to teach at various schools, could be held vicariously liable for acts
of physical and sexual abuse committed by its members during their assignment
at a boys’ residential school in England. The trial judge had held below that
the diocesan bodies responsible for the management of the school were
vicariously liable for the same abuse. Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers, with
whom the other members of the coram agreed, held (at [44]–[45]) that dual VL
was permissible and expressed a preference for Rix LJ’s approach. On the facts
of that case, it was found that the Institute ought to share vicarious
liability with the diocesan bodies for the abuse committed.

63 From the foregoing, it is clear that there is robust authority before me
supporting the recognition of the principle of dual VL. Although Wei JC’s
acceptance of the principle in Chen Qiangshi is strictly speaking obiter (as
the issue was not expressly argued before him), his views are nonetheless
persuasive.

64 More importantly, based on first principles, I do not see why dual VL ought
not to be permissible. Vicarious liability is a form of secondary liability
imposed by a policy of the law upon an employer, even though the employer is
not personally at fault. Jurisprudentially, there are several underlying
rationales for imposing such secondary liability. These rationales include the
following:

(a) Ensuring effective compensation for the victim as an employer is likely to
have deeper pockets than the primary tortfeasor (ie, the victim compensation
rationale) (Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia
Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2011] 3
SLR 540 (“Skandinaviska”) at [76]).

(b) Deterring future harm by encouraging an employer, who has the relevant
control over the employee or the activities undertaken, to take steps to
reduce the risk of such harm (ie, the deterrence rationale) (Skandinaviska at
[76]).

(c) That an employer who stands to generate profits from an employee’s
activities ought to also bear the potential liability arising therefrom (ie,
the enterprise liability rationale) (see Viasystems at [55] per Rix LJ).

(d) That an employer is better able than an employee to spread the risk of
loss, such as through pricing and insurance (ie, the loss distribution
rationale) (see Viasystems at [55] per Rix LJ).

These rationales broadly correspond to the factors that the Court of Appeal in
Ng Huat Seng accepted as being relevant to the application of the general test
(see [41(a)]–[41(e)] above).

65 To my mind, all of the above rationales are generally applicable to both
multiple-defendant and single-defendant cases. Where, for example, there are
two employers who share control of the primary tortfeasor-employee, both may
be in a position to take steps to reduce the risk of harm. Similarly, where
both employers are profiting from the employee’s activities, both arguably
ought to share in the potential liabilities arising from that activity. In
this vein, I share Rix LJ’s view at [77] of Viasystems:

77 …[I]f consideration is given to the function and purposes of the doctrine
of vicarious liability, then the possibility of dual responsibility provides a
coherent solution to the problem of the borrowed employee. Both employers are
using the employee for the purposes of their business. Both have a general
responsibility to select their personnel with care and to encourage and
control the careful execution of their employees' duties, and both fall within
the practical policy of the law which looks in general to the employer to
organise his affairs in such a way as to make it fair, just and convenient for
him to bear the risk of his employees' negligence. I am here using the
expression "employee" in the extended sense used in the authorities relating
to the borrowed employee. The functional basis of the doctrine of vicarious
liability has become increasingly clear over the years. The Civil Liability
(Contribution) Act 1978 now provides a clear and fair statutory basis for the
assessment of contribution between the two employers. In my judgment, the
existence of the possibility of dual responsibility will be fairer and will
also enable cases to be settled more easily.

[emphasis in bold added]

I only add that under Singapore law, where two employers have been held
vicariously liable to a victim for a single employee’s negligence, either one
may be entitled to recover contribution from the other under ss 15 and 16 of
the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”). This goes towards mitigating
any unfairness (as between defendants) that may result from the operation of
the principle of dual VL.

66 I am reinforced in my preceding view by the Canadian authority of
Blackwater v Plint [2005] 3 SCR 3 (“Blackwater”). In that case, the Government
of Canada and the United Church of Canada operated a school in which children
had been subject to repeated sexual assaults. A dormitory supervisor was found
liable for sexually assaulting six plaintiffs. The Canadian Supreme Court held
that both the Government of Canada and the United Church of Canada were
jointly vicariously liable for the wrongful acts of the supervisor, there
being a “partnership” between the two entities. On the issue of dual VL, the
court explained (at [36]–[38]):

[36] The third reason, and the one that seems to drive the decision of the
Court of Appeal on the Church’s vicarious liability, is discomfort with the
idea that two defendants can be vicariously liable for the same conduct.

[37] This concern, however, may be misplaced. There is much to support the
view of P. S. Atiyah in Vicarious Liability in the Law of Torts (1967), that
“[t]here is, of course, no reason why two employers should not jointly employ
a servant, and this would normally be the case with the employees of a
partnership. Here the servant is the servant of each partner and of all
jointly, and they are all jointly and severally liable for the servant’s
torts”: p. 149. Thus, joint vicarious liability is acceptable where there is a
partnership.

[38] In this case, the trial judge specifically found a partnership between
Canada and the Church, as opposed to finding that each acted independently of
the other. No compelling jurisprudential reason has been adduced to justify
limiting vicarious liability to only one employer, where an employee is
employed by a partnership. Indeed, if an employer with de facto control over
an employee is not liable because of an arbitrary rule requiring only one
employer for vicarious liability, this would undermine the principles of fair
compensation and deterrence. I conclude that the Church should be found
jointly vicariously liable with Canada for the assaults, contrary to the
conclusions of the Court of Appeal.

[emphasis in bold added]

It suffices to say that the above is consistent with my view that based on the
underlying rationale of the doctrine of vicarious liability, there is no
reason in principle that vicarious liability can only be imposed on one
employer.

67 For the above reasons, I accept that the imposition of dual VL is
permissible under Singapore law. Given the absence of opposing arguments from
the defendants’ counsel, I say no more on this issue.

5.2 Which defendants ought to be vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence

68 Bearing in mind my preceding conclusion, I now consider which of the
defendants ought to be held vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence. I will
decide the issue by applying the general test in Ng Huat Seng to each of the
defendants. Where more than one defendant satisfies the test, dual VL will
simply be the result. This approach is in line with that taken by the UK
Supreme Court in Christian Brothers. In preferring Rix LJ’s wider approach in
Viasystems to May LJ’s (see [62] above), the UK Supreme Court commented as
follows (at [41]—[45]):

41 At para 16 [of Viasystems], May LJ, applying the Mersey Docks case [1947]
AC 1, held that the inquiry should concentrate on the relevant negligent act
and then ask whose responsibility it was to prevent it. Who was entitled, and
perhaps theoretically obliged, to give orders as to how the work should or
should not be done? The answer on the facts of the case was both the second
and the third defendants. There was dual control and thus there should be dual
vicarious liability.

42 Rix LJ reached the same conclusion, but his reasoning was not the same. At
para 55, he commented that the basis of vicarious liability was, generally
speaking, that those who set in motion and profit from the activities of their
employees should compensate those who are injured by such activities, even
when performed negligently. Liability was extended to the employer on the
practical assumption that because he could spread the risk through pricing and
insurance, he was better organised and able to bear the risk and was, at the
same time, encouraged to control the risk.

43 Dealing with the test of control, Rix LJ observed, at paras 59 and 64, that
the right to control the method of doing work had long been an important and
sometimes critical test of the master/servant relationship. The courts had,
however, imperceptibly moved from using the test of control as determinative
of the relationship of employer and employee to using it as the test of
vicarious liability of a defendant. At para 79, he questioned whether the
doctrine of vicarious liability was to be equated with control. Vicarious
liability was a doctrine designed for the sake of the claimant, imposing a
liability incurred without fault because the employer was treated at law as
picking up the burden of an organisational or business relationship which he
had undertaken for his own benefit. Accordingly, what one was looking for was:

“a situation where the employee in question, at any rate for relevant
purposes, is so much a part of the work, business or organisation of both
employers that it is just to make both employers answer for his negligence.”

44 The brothers who taught at the school were not contractually employed by
the institute; they were contractually employed by or on behalf of the
Middlesbrough defendants. By this appeal the Middlesbrough defendants seek to
establish dual vicarious liability. The question arises of whether the
approach of May LJ or that of Rix LJ should be applied in determining whether
the institute is also vicariously liable for the brothers’ torts.

45 The test that May LJ applied was that applied in the Mersey Docks case
[1947] AC 1. I do not consider that there is any justification for applying
this stringent test when considering whether there is dual vicarious
liability. Where two defendants are potentially vicariously liable for the act
of a tortfeasor it is necessary to give independent consideration to the
relationship of the tortfeasor with each defendant in order to decide whether
that defendant is vicariously liable. In considering that question in relation
to each defendant the approach of Rix LJ is to be preferred to that of May LJ.

[emphasis in bold and bold italics added]

69 In this vein, I share Rix LJ’s view in Viasystems (at [77]) that “the
[permissibility] of dual responsibility [at law] provides a coherent solution
to the problem of the borrowed employee” (see [65] above). In any particular
situation, if it is found that both the general employer and the temporary
employer satisfy the general test, I do not see any reason why both should not
be held vicariously liable. In taking this approach, however, I emphasise that
it is not in every case that multiple defendants will be held vicariously
liable for the acts of a single tortfeasor. The question of whether any
particular defendant is vicariously liable for the tort of another is fact
specific. There will be cases which justify the imposition of vicarious
liability only on a single employer and cases where it is fair and just to
hold multiple employers responsible. Ultimately, all relevant circumstances
have to be taken into account.

70 I turn then to examine the present facts. Starting with the 2D, my view is
that the first stage of the general test in Ng Huat Seng has not been
satisfied. The 2D’s only involvement here is that it had (a) engaged the 3D to
supply an excavator and a qualified excavator operator; and (b) sub-contracted
the excavation works to the 1D, leaving whichever excavator operator was
deployed by the 3D to work under the 1D’s supervision. Far from having
“absolute” control of Sujan as the 3D suggests, the 2D had no say in training
or selecting the excavator operator to be deployed, what the excavator
operator was supposed to do on-site or how the excavator operator was to
operate the excavator. No one from the 2D was even present at the Project
worksite to exercise any meaningful form of control through the banksman
system or otherwise. The 1D was in charge of the excavation works and Santhosh
was its employee, not the 2D’s. The 2D’s position seems to me to be far
removed from Sujan. I hence do not find it fair, just or reasonable to subject
it to vicarious liability.

71 Moving onto the 1D, I am persuaded that the first stage of the test in Ng
Huat Seng is fulfilled. As the DJ observed, the evidence of the 1D’s Ong (the
project manager) was that the 1D had control of the Project’s worksite and
Santhosh was in charge of supervising the excavation works (in respect of
which Sujan was deployed). This was corroborated by Santhosh. Santhosh further
stated in his AEIC that his duties as a site safety supervisor and foreman
included making sure that Sujan was a trained and qualified excavator
operator.

72 More importantly, it seems to me that the 1D did have considerable control
over Sujan specifically in respect of the excavator’s operation during the
excavation works. It was Santhosh who put in place and managed the banksman
system. Whether or not there was any formal assignment of the role of banksman
to the plaintiff, it is clear that at the time of the accident, Santhosh had
(a) instructed Sujan that the excavator was only to move in accordance with
the plaintiff’s signals; and (b) told the plaintiff when to give the signal to
Sujan to start or stop the excavator. The 1D and 2D (as well as the plaintiff)
argue that although Santhosh had the authority to tell Sujan what to do with
the excavator, he could not tell Sujan how to operate it (see [47(b)] and
[49(b)] above). It is said that Santhosh’s say over the movement of the
excavator was merely restricted to starting and stopping the excavator and no
more. I accept that Santhosh was not in a position to tell Sujan how to shift
the gears of the excavator, apply the brake or otherwise operate the
excavator’s controls. Nonetheless, being overall in charge of the banksman
system, Santhosh could and did control (through the plaintiff’s signals as the
banksman) where the excavator was positioned as well as when and where it
moved/stopped. Sujan’s negligent act in moving the excavator unilaterally was
precisely the sort of act that the banksman system was meant to control. It is
hence clear that the 1D bore a very close relationship with Sujan for the
purposes of the first stage of the general test.

73 In this vein, the policy factors mentioned in Ng Huat Seng (as listed at
[41(a)]–[41(e)] above) are also relevant. Although the 1D did not hire Sujan
directly, the excavation works were undertaken as part of the 1D’s
construction business. The 1D was in charge of the said works and had deployed
Sujan in a particular role as part of those works. The tort was committed
directly as a result of the role that Sujan played, over which the 1D
exercised significant control. These all go toward establishing the factors
listed at [41(b)]–[41(e)] above. It suffices to say that the 1D is also
clearly in a better position than Sujan to compensate the victim (ie, the
factor at [41(a)] above). In the circumstances, it would be fair, just and
reasonable for the 1D to be held vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence.

74 Turning to the second stage of the general test, I find that the 1D’s
relationship with Sujan also created or significantly enhanced the risk of the
tort being committed. The 1D’s use of Sujan (as an excavator operator) put
Sujan directly in a position where he might negligently injure others with the
excavator if he was not careful. I therefore hold the 1D vicariously liable
for Sujan’s negligence.

75 As for the 3D, its relationship with Sujan is also sufficiently close to
satisfy the first stage of the general test. I accept that the 3D did not have
any other personnel present at the Project’s worksite to supervise Sujan at
the material time. Nonetheless, the fact remains that the 3D was Sujan’s
general employer. The 3D squarely admits that it was responsible for training
and selecting excavator operators for assignment. To that extent, it had
control over how its operators (including Sujan) actually operated their
excavators when undertaking excavation works. The 3D cannot completely
abdicate its responsibility simply by arguing that it did not hire out a
supervisor to accompany and manage what was already meant to be a fully
qualified and trained excavator operator.

76 The 3D’s manager, Mr Tan Gim Peow, has given affidavit evidence that the
3D’s main business is in carrying out demolition works. The 3D’s counsel
further submits that the hiring out of an excavator operator and the excavator
to the 2D was merely on a “one-off basis”. There is, however, little evidence
from the parties showing whether this submission is in fact true. In
particular, Mr Tan’s AEIC does not contain an express statement to that
effect. Nonetheless, even if the hiring arrangement between the 2D and 3D was
on a “one-off” basis, the 3D still charged fees for hiring out Sujan’s skilled
labour. This was undertaken as part of the 3D’s wider business enterprise,
notwithstanding that it may not have been a part of the 3D’s main business.
Ultimately, I do not think that this overrides the significant fact that the
3D was still responsible for training the excavator operator which it had
contracted to provide.

77 The policy factors listed at [41(a)]–[41(e)] above further reinforce my
finding. Sujan’s negligence resulted from his operation of the excavator –
this was an activity undertaken for the 3D’s purposes as part of its business
contract with the 2D. The 3D profited from this arrangement and ought to bear
the attendant risks that it had created. As just explained, the 3D also had
control over Sujan’s operation of the excavator inasmuch as it had trained him
for such a task. It is also more likely than Sujan to have the means to
compensate the victim. Taking everything together in the round, I find that it
is fair, just and reasonable to hold the 3D vicariously liable for Sujan’s
negligence.

78 Further, the second stage of the general test is also met. It cannot be
gainsaid that the risk of accident was created by the 3D’s (a) employment and
training of Sujan as an excavator operator; and (b) subsequent selection of
Sujan (pursuant to the contract with the 2D) to operate the excavator as part
of the Project’s excavation works. The 3D’s relationship with Sujan plainly
contributed to the risk of the tort being committed. The 3D should therefore
also be held vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence.

79 Having found both the 1D and 3D to be vicariously liable for Sujan’s
negligence under the approach mentioned at [68] above, I next consider an
alternative approach. I am cognisant that the parties’ cases either rely on or
acknowledge the applicability of the pro hac vice principle in “borrowed
employee” situations such as the present. Under this principle, the starting
point is that the 3D, as the general employer of Sujan, is prima facie
vicariously liable for the latter’s negligence. Nonetheless, the 3D may show
that it has for a particular purpose or occasion transferred the services of
Sujan to the 1D or 2D, such that Sujan is pro hac vice the employee of the 1D
or 2D instead.

80 I have accepted the possibility that at the end of the day, multiple
defendants can be held vicariously liable for a single tortfeasor’s acts. In
these circumstances, I do not think that the application of a different
starting point under the pro hac vice principle would yield a different
outcome. Applying the said principle, I am satisfied that the 3D has
established that Sujan was pro hac vice the employee of the 1D (but not the
2D) for broadly the same reasons set out at [70]–[74] above. Simply put, Sujan
could not have been the employee pro hac vice of the 2D as it had no real
control over him in respect of the operation of the excavator. On the other
hand, the 1D did have such control. By virtue of his deployment as an
excavator operator within the banksman system put in place by the 1D, Sujan
had become so integrated into the 1D’s work processes that the latter ought to
be held responsible for him. At the same time, it is clear for the reasons set
out at [75]–[78] above that the 3D also had control over how Sujan operated
the excavator (see Chen Qiangshi at [201]). As explained, this is because the
3D was the party responsible for training and selecting him for assignments.
In the premises, even if I begin from the prima facie position set out by the
pro hac vice principle, I would reach the same eventual outcome – that the 1D
and 3D should both be held vicariously liable for Sujan’s negligence.

81 Having concluded that the 1D and the 3D should both be held vicariously
liable for Sujan’s negligence, the question then arises as to how their
liability ought to be structured. The parties’ submissions on this issue have
been set out at [46(b)], [48(c)] and [50(b)] above. I repeat them here for
ease of reference:

(a) According to the plaintiff, the 1D and the 2D should be jointly and
severally vicariously liable to the plaintiff for 85% of the liability for the
accident and the 3D should be liable for the remaining 15%.

(b) According to the 1D and 2D, liability for the accident ought to be
apportioned severally between the 1D and the 3D in equal shares. The 2D ought
not to be liable to the plaintiff at all.

(c) According to the 3D, the 1D and 2D ought to bear 85% of the liability for
the accident whilst it should bear only 15% at the most.

82 As is obvious, the first and last of the abovementioned submissions are no
longer relevant as I have absolved the 2D of vicarious liability. The greater
difficulty with the parties’ submissions is this. None of them appear to
appreciate the distinction between:

(a) the defendants’ liability vis-à-vis the plaintiff; and

(b) the apportionment of liability as between defendants only.

83 What the parties effectively seek to do here is have the court find two or
more defendants vicariously liable in distinct, unequal shares (ie, 85:15, or
50:50) vis-à-vis the plaintiff. However, none of the parties have cited any
authority to support the structuring of liability in this manner. In all the
cases cited by counsel in which dual VL has been imposed, none appear to
involve the court holding multiple defendants liable in unequal shares vis-à-
vis the plaintiff:

(a) In Viasystems (at [49]–[50] and [53]), May LJ held both the second and
third defendants in the case “severally” vicariously liable for the same
damage. Although Rix LJ was less explicit, he appears (at [81]) to similarly
hold that both employers would be “fully liable to the claimant”.

(b) In Christian Brothers (at [94]), the diocesan bodies had appealed to the
UK Supreme Court on the ground that the Institute should share “joint
vicarious liability” for the abuse committed. The court allowed the appeal,
holding that the Institute ought to “share with [the diocesan bodies]
vicarious liability for the abuse”.

(c) In Blackwater (at [38]), the Canadian Supreme Court held that the two
defendants (ie, the Government of Canada and the United Church of Canada) were
jointly vicariously liable for the wrongful acts of the primary tortfeasor.

(d) In Chen Qiangshi (at [203]), after holding the first and second defendants
in that case vicariously liable, Wei JC did not need to determine the
“relative proportion of their responsibility” as counsel took the position
that no distinction was to be drawn between the two.

84 In fact, the approach taken (at least in Viasystems and Blackwater) appears
to be that the multiple employers were held liable to the plaintiff for 100%
of the loss arising from the tort. I am therefore not prepared to hold that
vis-à-vis the plaintiff, the 1D and 3D can be liable in unequal shares.
Instead, I find both of them to be vicariously liable to the plaintiff for
100% of the loss arising from the accident.

85 This then brings me to the second stage of the analysis identified in
[82(b)] – namely, if and how liability should be apportioned as between
defendants. The difficulty here is that neither the 1D nor the 3D has brought
contribution proceedings against the other party (ie, under ss 15 and 16 of
the CLA). In Viasystems (at [50]–[53] and [81]–[85]), after Rix and May LJJ
had found the two defendants vicariously liable to the plaintiff, the learned
Lord Justices went on to determine the extent of contribution between the
defendants under ss 1(1) read with 2 of the Civil Liability (Contribution) Act
1978 (c 47) (UK). This was despite the fact that contribution proceedings
between the two defendants had not been pursued before the court. Although the
learned Lord Justices in Viasystems found it appropriate to decide the
question of contribution despite there being no contribution proceedings, I do
not identify any basis to take the same approach here (see, for example, the
similar situation in Manickam Sankar v Selvaraj Madhavan (trading as MKN
Construction & Engineering) and another [2012] SGHC 99 at [85]). I therefore
make no orders in this regard.

Conclusion

86 In summary, I hold as follows:

(a) On Issue 1, Santhosh was not negligent and the 1D and 2D were accordingly
not vicariously liable for his acts.

(b) On Issue 2, the 1D and 2D were not negligent in not cordoning off the
Project’s worksite.

(c) On Issue 3, the DJ did not err in finding that Sujan’s negligence had
caused the accident.

(d) On Issue 4, the plaintiff was not contributorily negligent.

(e) On Issue 5, the 1D and 3D (but not the 2D) are vicariously liable to the
plaintiff for 100% of the loss arising from the accident.

87 On account of my finding on Issue 5, the plaintiff’s appeal in DCA 14 is
allowed in part and the 1D’s and 2D’s appeal in DCA 15 is allowed.
Interlocutory judgment is to be entered against the 1D and the 3D for 100% of
the liability arising from the accident. Damages are to be assessed by the
Registrar of the State Courts.

88 As to the issue of the costs below, the DJ had ordered that the costs of
the plaintiff’s claim vis-à-vis the 1D and the 2D be reserved to the Registrar
of the State Courts. Having dismissed the plaintiff’s claim against the 3D,
the DJ awarded costs to the 3D to be taxed if not agreed. This requires some
adjustments given that I have reached a different conclusion. None of the
defendants appear, however, to deal with the issue of the costs below. In
submissions, the plaintiff argued that if his appeal in DCA 14 is successful,
he ought to be awarded costs from all three defendants. If, however, his
appeal is unsuccessful in that the 3D is held not vicariously liable for
Sujan’s negligence, the plaintiff says that he will seek a Sanderson order for
the 1D and 2D to bear the 3D’s full costs and disbursements. It is apparent
that this submission does not directly address the situation at hand. Whilst
the plaintiff has succeeded in holding the 3D vicariously liable for Sujan’s
negligence in DCA 14, the 2D has also successfully appealed in DCA 15 against
its vicarious liability for the same. In the circumstances, parties are
directed to file written submissions within seven days of the date of this
judgment to set out their respective positions on the costs below.

89 On the costs of the appeals, I note the following:

(a) The plaintiff has failed on Issues 1 and 2.

(b) The 3D’s contentions on Issues 3 and 4 in its Respondent’s Case in DCA 14
have failed.

(c) The plaintiff’s appeal in DCA 14 on Issue 5 is only partly successful
insofar as the 3D’s vicariously liability is concerned. The 1D and 2D have
succeeded on the same issue insofar as the 2D has been absolved of vicarious
liability.

90 Again, none of the parties’ submissions are directed towards the outcome I
have arrived at. I thus order that in their written submissions directed at
[88] above, parties are to also submit on the appropriate costs orders for the
appeals.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court

Han Hean Juan and Neo Jie Min Jamie (Hoh Law Corporation) for the appellant in
DCA 14 of 2020 and the respondent in DCA 15 of 2020;

Raymond Wong and Ang Xue Ying Rachel (RWong Law Corporation) for the first and
second respondents in DCA 14 of 2020 and the appellants in DCA 15 of 2020;

Cephas Yee Xiang, Pang Haoyu Samuel and Ng Zhenrong (Aquinas Law Alliance LLP)
for the third respondent in DCA 14 of 2020.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 Feb 2021 (09:08 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

