Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 34

District Court Appeal No 39 of 2021

Between

VLO  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VLP  
---  
  
… Respondent

District Court Appeal No 41 of 2021

Between

VLP  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VLO  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law] — [Child] — [Relocation]

[Family Law] — [Custody] — [Access]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VLO

  
v

  

VLP and another appeal

[2021] SGHCF 34

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeals
Nos 39 and 41 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
7, 28 September 2021

18 October 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is a short-lived marriage that had broken down in less than three
years. The Father is a Chinese national whose work has brought him to
Singapore. The Mother is from Taiwan and was a full-time homemaker during the
marriage. They have one Child from the marriage, who was born on 26 May 2017
in Singapore. Their relationship broke down shortly after the birth of the
Child. The writ of divorce was filed on 2 August 2019, shortly after the
requisite three-year period under s 94 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009
Rev Ed) had passed. The District Judge (“DJ”) who heard the ancillary
proceedings below granted parties shared care and control of the Child,
dismissed the Mother’s application to relocate the Child to Taiwan, ordered
the Father to pay the Mother $133,000 for the division of matrimonial assets,
and made orders for the maintenance of the Child and the Mother.

2 In DCA 39, the Father appeals against the financial matters, arguing that
the DJ had overvalued the pool of matrimonial assets, disregarding the sum of
$200,000 owed by him to his father for university and his master’s degree
tuition fees between 2007 and 2012. In relation to the maintenance for the
Mother, the Father argued that there is no proof that the Mother would not be
able to secure her own accommodation and job due to her immigration status,
and awarding maintenance would only prolong the Mother’s dependency on the
Father. As for the maintenance for the Child, the Father asks for a cap on the
maintenance so that the Child would not be engaging in too many
extracurricular activities.

3 In DCA 41, the Mother appeals to have the Child relocated to Taiwan, and to
have sole care and control of the Child. The Mother’s counsel submitted that
the DJ erred in dismissing the relocation application; the DJ erred in placing
too much weight on the loss of relationship between the Child and Father in
the event of relocation, and failed to consider the uncertainty of the
Mother’s immigration status in Singapore.

4 I am of the view that the DJ has not erred in his judgment regarding the
pool of matrimonial assets. The alleged personal loan from the Father’s father
for his university and master’s education is not supported by any evidence;
there is no indication as to how much his education costs, and who made the
payment. In any event, such a personal loan that is neither for the joint
benefit of the parties nor for the benefit of the child of the marriage would
not be considered by the court in dividing matrimonial assets within s
112(2)(b) of the Women’s Charter.

5 I also dismiss the appeal by the Father in relation to the maintenance for
the Mother. The Mother has been a homemaker since the marriage. She moved to
Singapore because of the Father and the Child, and only started working as a
store manager after October 2019. The maintenance ordered by the DJ, which is
$700, is reasonable, and only lasts for a period of 24 months starting from 1
April 2021.

6 For the issue of maintenance for the Child, the Father sought to introduce
new evidence of him paying for the Child’s enrichment classes, which took
place after the ancillary hearings below. These affidavits were not admitted
into evidence in the hearings below as no leave was sought before the Father
filed the additional affidavits, and the Father has not sought leave to adduce
such evidence before me. I will not take them into consideration for the
present appeal. I find no basis to put a cap of $500 on the amount to be spent
on the Child’s enrichment classes. What the DJ has ordered below, which is for
the Mother to consult the Father prior to enrolling the Child in enrichment
classes, and providing the necessary proof of such enrolment, is eminently
reasonable as a safeguard against any potential abuse of her discretion as now
alleged by the Father.

7 I turn to the Mother’s appeal. In relocation applications, the court below
had considered the various factors and balanced the pros and cons carefully.
As always, the welfare of the child is of paramount consideration, and it is
especially so in an application as sensitive as that for the relocation of the
child. The reasonable desire of the caretaker to relocate to her country of
origin are, of course, relevant. It is unrealistic to disregard the well-being
of the caretaker and treat it as separate and distinct from the welfare of the
child. But that must be balanced against the child’s loss of relationship with
the “left-behind” parent: UFZ v UFY [2018] SFHCF 8.

8 In UYK v UYJ [2020] 5 SLR 772 (“UYK”), the court dismissed the appeal that
granted the mother’s relocation application with the child. That was not a
case where the child and family had lived in Singapore for many years, and
their ties to Singapore were transient. Rejecting that application would have
compelled the mother to stay in Singapore permanently with tenuous and
uncertain immigration status, whereas there was evidence that the child had
spent some time in the United Kingdom and had a life planned out for him
there.

9 That is one instance of how the courts have decided, but each case turns on
its own facts. On the facts of this case, I am not persuaded that it would be
in the best interest of the Child to relocate him to Taiwan. Unlike UYJ, this
is not a case where parties have planned to stay in Singapore temporarily. The
Father has been a permanent resident in Singapore since 2015, and purchased,
rather than rented, the matrimonial home. After the Mother moved back to
Singapore with the Child in August 2018, the Father has facilitated her stay
in Singapore by arranging for her accommodation in a rented apartment, finding
a pre-school for the Child, ensuring that the Child’s immigration documents
were executed. Indeed, the Mother’s own WeChat messages to the Father reveal
her intention to return to Singapore with the Child so that the Child can
attend schools here, even though the Mother’s relationship with the Father had
broken down by then. Further, there is no life planned out for the Child in
Taiwan; the Mother has no job there and her current plan is to stay in a
rented apartment with the Child. The work that she does in Taiwan as a sales
assistant is the same as the work she had as a store manager in Singapore.

10 Moreover, the Child is well-settled after moving back to Singapore in
August 2018; he has started attending pre-school in Singapore and spends his
time on weekends with the Father’s. Over the years, the Child’s relationship
with the Father has strengthened. Being four years’ old, he could not fully
apprehend the implications of him moving back to Taiwan, and believes that he
could see his father on weekends. Relocating the child to Taiwan, at this
juncture, will result in an irrevocable loss of relationship between the
Father and the Child, and I therefore dismiss the Mother’s appeal for the
relocation of the Child. For the same reason, I also dismiss the Mother’s
appeal to change the care and control arrangement, given that the Child has
adjusted to the current arrangement.

11 I am sympathetic to the Mother’s plight regarding her immigration status in
Singapore and her struggle looking for a job. But I have also been informed by
counsel that the Mother has a Long-Term Visit Pass based on the Child’s
student’s pass, but may not be able to work for the first year because of
relevant regulations. However, this is a point the Father needs to understand
as well, for he seems to labour under the misapprehension that the Mother has
made no attempt at looking for a job. The Mother has applied for certain
positions but was rejected, although mostly for reasons other than her
immigration status. For the interim until the Mother finds another job, the
maintenance from the Father would help with her financial situation. The
immigration status issue seems to have been resolved at the moment. But should
there be a change of circumstances, the Mother is at liberty to apply.

12 Acrimony between the parties has increased since the ancillary hearings,
which no doubt was exacerbated by the stress of the relocation problem. But
what lies before them is clear: either they continue to fight in the courts, a
fight that may last longer than their marriage, or they cooperate with each
other for the benefit of their child. Good sense will have them choose the
latter, bearing in mind their joint responsibility as parents to promote their
child’s flourishing.

13 I dismiss both appeals and make no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Teo Jin Huang (Rajen Law Practice) for the father;  
Poh Jun Zhe Malcus (Chung Ting Fai & Co) for the mother.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Oct 2021 (15:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

