Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 124

Originating Summons No 1543 of 2019 (Summons No 495 of 2020)

Between

| National Oilwell Varco Norway AS (formerly known as Hydralift AS)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Keppel FELS Ltd (formerly known as Far East Levingston Shipbuilding Ltd)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [Enforcement] — [Setting aside leave to enforce] — [Where non-
existent entity named as party to arbitration]

[Arbitration] — [Conduct of arbitration] — [Estoppel]

[Civil Procedure] — [Ex parte applications] — [Duty of full and frank
disclosure]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
National Oilwell Varco Norway AS (formerly known as Hydralift AS)

  
v

  

Keppel FELS Ltd (formerly known as Far East Levingston Shipbuilding Ltd)

[2021] SGHC 124

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1543 of 2019
(Summons No 495 of 2020)  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
29 June, 22, 30 September 2020

11 June 2021

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Factual background

1 The application before me involves three companies: the plaintiff, the
defendant and a company known as A/S Hydralift (“Hydralift”). The plaintiff
and Hydralift are companies incorporated in Norway. The defendant is a company
incorporated in Singapore.

2 By this application, the defendant attempts to set aside leave which the
plaintiff secured under s 19 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to enforce an award issued in favour of Hydralift
against the defendant.

3 The defendant submits that the plaintiff’s leave should be set aside on,
amongst others, two independent grounds: (a) the plaintiff cannot enforce an
award which the tribunal intended to and did issue in favour of Hydralift; and
(b) the arbitration and the award are a nullity because Hydralift ceased to
exist in 2004, well before the defendant commenced the arbitration in 2007. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Joint Bundle of Documents (“JBOD”) vol 1 at p 22, paras 50(d) and 50(f).

4 The plaintiff rejects both of these grounds, arguing that: (a) Hydralift’s
name was used in the arbitration and is used in the award as a misnomer for
the plaintiff; (b) the plaintiff is entitled to enforce the award against the
defendant even though the award is in favour of Hydralift; (c) Hydralift
transferred all of its assets, rights and obligations to the plaintiff as a
result of two mergers in 2004 (see [8] below); and (d) the plaintiff was
entitled to conduct the arbitration in the name of Hydralift. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

JBOD vol 1 at pp 22–23, paras 50(e) and 50(g).

5 I have allowed the defendant’s application and set aside the plaintiff’s
leave. The plaintiff has appealed against my decision. I now set out the
grounds for my decision. I start by tracing the events from 1996 to 2020.

The Contract, the arbitration and the award

6 In 1996, the defendant entered into a contract with Hydralift (“the
Contract”). The Contract is governed by Singapore law and contains an
agreement for disputes to be resolved by arbitration in Singapore. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

JBOD vol 2 at p 822, cl 26.

7 A dispute under the Contract arose between the defendant and Hydralift in
1999. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

JBOD vol 1 at p 11, para 21.

They attempted in vain to resolve the dispute until 2007.

Hydralift ceased to exist in 2004

8 While these attempts were going on, Hydralift was struck off the Norwegian
companies register in 2004 as a part of the following series of corporate
events:

(a) In 2002, Hydralift became a wholly owned subsidiary of a Norwegian company
called National Oilwell-Hydralift AS (“NOH”).

(b) On 6 October 2004, Hydralift merged with NOH. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

JBOD vol 1 at pp 7–8, para 8.

(c) Also on 6 October 2004, upon the merger with NOH taking effect, Hydralift
was struck off the Norwegian companies register and ceased to exist.

(d) On 15 October 2004, NOH merged with National Oilwell Norway AS. “National
Oilwell Norway AS” is the former name of the plaintiff.

(e) In 2010, the plaintiff changed its name from National Oilwell Norway AS to
National Oilwell Varco Norway AS. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

JBOD vol 1 at p 8, para 9.

“National Oilwell Varco Norway AS” is the current name of the plaintiff.

9 The defendant accepts that it was aware that Hydralift had been acquired in
or around 2002, without knowing the details of the acquisition. But the
defendant denies that it knew that Hydralift had merged with the plaintiff via
NOH in 2004 or that Hydralift had ceased to exist as a result of the merger.
The defendant’s case is that it learned only in 2019 that Hydralift had ceased
to exist. That was when the plaintiff asked the defendant to satisfy the award
by making payment to a bank account in the plaintiff’s name rather than in
Hydralift’s name. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) dated 20 March 2020 at para 21.

10 The plaintiff does not challenge this denial by the defendant directly. The
plaintiff accepts that it did not disclose to the defendant that Hydralift had
merged with the plaintiff and ceased to exist. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DWS at para 49(a); JBOD vol 3 at p 1796, para 6.

The plaintiff only goes so far as to assert that it believed that the
defendant was aware of the merger. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) dated 20 March 2020 at para 81.

The arbitration

11 In 2007, the defendant commenced the arbitration against Hydralift. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

JBOD vol 2 at pp 839–840.

The defendant claimed the equivalent of $5.5m in damages against Hydralift for
breach of contract. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DWS at para 12.

The plaintiff instructed solicitors to defend the arbitration. In the name of
Hydralift, the plaintiff defended the claim against Hydralift and
counterclaimed in the name of Hydralift the equivalent of $1.2m in damages
against the defendant for breach of contract. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DWS at para 13.

12 A tribunal comprising three arbitrators was constituted in 2008. The
evidential hearing took place in November and December 2018. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DWS at para 20.

The tribunal issued its final award in September 2019. The award dismissed the
claim and allowed the counterclaim. The defendant’s liability under the award
is the equivalent of $0.7m in damages and $3.1m in costs, plus interest on
both. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

JBOD vol 1 at p 20, para 47.

13 The plaintiff commenced these proceedings in December 2019 under s 19 of
the Act read with O 69A r 6 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed).
By these proceedings, the defendant sought the court’s leave to enforce the
award against the defendant in the same manner as a judgment. The plaintiff
secured leave to enforce the award against the defendant in January 2020.

14 The defendant has not satisfied the award. It did not apply to have the
award set aside. Instead, as is its prerogative, the defendant waited for the
plaintiff to secure leave to enforce the award and now applies to set that
leave aside.

The proper approach on this application

15 The ultimate issue on this application is whether the plaintiff is entitled
to enforce the award against the defendant under s 19 of the Act. The parties,
however, adopt diametrically opposed starting points and advocate
diametrically opposed approaches to this issue.

16 The defendant takes the award 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s Decision Tree in letter from WongPartnership LLP dated 25
September 2020.

as its starting point and moves backwards in time through the arbitration and
the mergers to the Contract and the arbitration agreement. The plaintiff, by
contrast, takes the arbitration agreement and the Contract as its starting
point and moves forward in time through the mergers and the arbitration to the
award. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s List of Issues (“PLI”) dated 25 September 2020.

17 I consider the defendant’s starting point and approach to be correct. This
is not an application to set the award aside under either s 24(b) of the Act
or Art 34 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration
(“the Model Law”). If it were, I would agree with the plaintiff that the
parties’ arbitration agreement is the natural starting point. This is instead
an application to set aside the plaintiff’s leave to enforce the award. This
application therefore springs from the award, not from the parties’
arbitration agreement or from events during the arbitration. All of that is
now water under the bridge. The correct starting point for determining whether
the plaintiff can enforce this award must be the award itself.

18 I therefore adopt the defendant’s starting point and approach.

The questions to be answered

19 The defendant’s approach poses the following five questions for me to
answer. The first four are substantive questions arising from the award. The
fifth is a procedural question arising from the plaintiff’s conduct in the ex
parte application for leave to enforce the award. The five questions are:

(a) Did the tribunal issue the award in favour of Hydralift or in favour of
the plaintiff?

(b) Is the use of Hydralift’s name for the respondent in the arbitration
merely a mistake as to the name of the correct respondent, ie the plaintiff?

(c) Is the plaintiff estopped by representations that it made to the defendant
in the arbitration and in certain related litigation (see [125]–[126] below)
from denying that the respondent in the arbitration is Hydralift?

(d) Does the Contract prohibit the 2004 mergers from transferring Hydralift’s
rights under the Contract to the plaintiff, including its rights under the
arbitration agreement in the Contract?

(e) Did the plaintiff make full and frank disclosure to the court when it
applied ex parte for leave to enforce the award?

20 Before I answer these five questions, I make three observations on the
expert evidence before me.

The expert evidence on Norwegian law

21 The effect of a merger is a matter relating to the status of the companies
involved. Hydralift, NOH and the plaintiff are all companies incorporated in
Norway. The effect of the 2004 mergers is therefore governed by Norwegian law
(JX Holdings Inc and another v Singapore Airlines Ltd [2016] 5 SLR 988 (“JX
Holdings”) at [21]–[22] and [43(b)]–[43(c)]).

22 Both parties have adduced substantial expert evidence on the applicable
Norwegian law. The plaintiff’s expert is Mr Robert Sveen. The defendant’s
expert is Mr Olav Fredrik Perland.

23 I make the following three observations about the expert evidence on
Norwegian law before me.

24 First, it is undisputed that Hydralift ceased to exist as a legal person
from the moment it was struck off the Norwegian companies register as a result
of its merger with NOH taking effect on 6 October 2004.

25 Second, there is no evidence that the effect of a merger under Norwegian
law is that the transferee acquires the name of the transferor. In other
words, there is no evidence that Norwegian law deems any use of Hydralift’s
name on and after 6 October 2004 to be a reference to NOH and, on and after 15
October 2004, to be a reference to the plaintiff (cf the effect of a change of
name under s 28(6) of our Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)).

26 Mr Sveen places great emphasis on the principle of “continuity” under
Norwegian company law (see [158(b)] below). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1731, paras 23–24.

But he does not go so far as to say that the principle of continuity means
that, once a merger takes effect under Norwegian law and the transferor ceases
to exist, the transferor’s name is deemed by Norwegian law to point to the
transferee. As soon as Hydralift ceased to exist, therefore, its name no
longer pointed to a legal person.

27 Third, on the evidence before me, the only name by which the plaintiff has
ever been “formerly known” is the name “National Oilwell Norway AS” (see
[8(d)]–[8(e)] above). Although the plaintiff merged with NOH, the plaintiff
was never “formerly known” by NOH’s name. And although NOH had merged with
Hydralift a few days earlier, the plaintiff was never “formerly known” by
Hydralift’s name.

28 It is therefore factually wrong for the plaintiff to describe itself, as it
does in the title to these proceedings, as being “formerly known as Hydralift
AS”. Hydralift never changed its name to “National Oilwell Varco Norway AS”,
whether directly or by any intermediate steps. It is, of course, true that the
plaintiff absorbed the entire business of Hydralift via NOH. But that is not
at all the same thing as the plaintiff having been formerly known by
Hydralift’s name.

29 I now turn to consider the five questions which I must answer to determine
the ultimate issue on this application (see [19] above).

Did the tribunal issue the award in favour of Hydralift or the plaintiff?

30 The first question the defendant poses is whether the tribunal issued the
award in favour of Hydralift or in favour of the plaintiff. I find that the
tribunal intended to and did issue its award in favour of Hydralift and not in
favour of the plaintiff. I make that finding for two reasons.

31 First, the award describes the respondent in the arbitration as the legal
person who entered into the Contract with the defendant in 1996. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

JBOD vol 1 at p 38, para 13.

As a historical fact, it was Hydralift who entered into the Contract with the
defendant in 1996. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

JBOD vol 2 at pp 805 and 825.

The plaintiff did not. The plaintiff may have acquired Hydralift’s rights and
obligations under the Contract by reason of the 2004 mergers. But the mergers
do not change the historical facts of 1996 or operate to bring the plaintiff
within this description.

32 Second, the award describes the respondent in the arbitration as being a
legal person other than the plaintiff. The award refers to the respondent as
simply “the Respondents”. And the award refers to the plaintiff by its full
name, “National Oilwell Varco Norway AS”. The award therefore uses a different
term for each, thereby indicating that it sees the plaintiff and Hydralift as
two different legal persons. This is also evident from the way the award
describes Hydralift’s sole factual witness in the arbitration, one Mr Frode
Jensen:

B. The Respondents' Evidence

133 As stated earlier at [87], Jensen was the only factual witness of the
Respondents. … Jensen rose through the ranks and is now the managing-director
of the Respondents' parent company National Oilwell Varco Norway AS.

[emphasis added]

33 This is the only capacity in which the award refers to the plaintiff: as
the respondent’s parent company. The award does not refer to the plaintiff as
the legal person who subsequently acquired all of Hydralift’s rights and
obligations under the Contract following the 2004 mergers. That is for the
simple reason that the plaintiff never told the tribunal about the 2004
mergers.

34 Paragraph 133 of the award (see [32] above), coupled with the award’s
description of the plaintiff only as the respondent’s parent company,
establishes that the award rests on the following premises: (a) that Hydralift
is the respondent in the arbitration; (b) that Hydralift is still in
existence; and (c) that Hydralift is a subsidiary of the plaintiff. All of
this necessarily implies that the award: (a) treats Hydralift as a different
legal person from the plaintiff; and (b) does not consider the respondent in
the arbitration to be the plaintiff. The award does not rest on either of the
following premises: (a) that “National Oilwell Varco Norway AS” and “Hydralift
AS” are alternative names for the same legal person; or (b) that the plaintiff
is a transferee of Hydralift’s rights and obligations under the Contract.

35 For both of these reasons, I find that the tribunal intended to and did
issue the award in favour of Hydralift, and not in favour of the plaintiff.
The question which follows from this finding is whether the plaintiff is
entitled to enforce an award which the tribunal intended to issue and did
issue in favour of another legal person. The fact that Hydralift did not exist
as a legal person even when the defendant commenced the arbitration is not
material to this question.

36 Answering this question requires me to consider the proper approach to
enforcement under s 19 of the Act.

The mechanical approach to enforcement

37 As it stood at the time of the plaintiff’s application, s 19 of the Act
read as follows:

Enforcement of awards

19\. An award on an arbitration agreement may, by leave of the High Court or a
Judge thereof, be enforced in the same manner as a judgment or an order to the
same effect and, where leave is so given, judgment may be entered in terms of
the award.

The procedure for invoking s 19 of the Act is set out in O 69A r 6 of the
Rules of Court. Order 69A r 6(1)(b) defines the party seeking to enforce an
award as “the creditor” and the person against whom it is sought to enforce an
award as “the debtor”. I adopt the same terms in this judgment.

38 Enforcement under s 19 is a two-step process. In the first step, the court
grants the creditor leave to enforce the award. In the second step, the court
enters judgment against the debtor on the award. It is only when judgment is
entered that the award is formally put on the same legal footing as a judgment
of the court.

39 The critical point about s 19 is that it does not empower an enforcing
court to vary or deviate from the dispositive terms of the award at either of
these two steps. Section 19 empowers the court to grant a creditor leave to
enforce the award against a debtor only “in the same manner as a judgment or
an order to the same effect” [emphasis added]. Further, s 19 empowers the
court to enter judgment against the debtor only “in terms of the award”
[emphasis added].

40 Such a mechanical approach to enforcement under s 19 may appear unduly
narrow and technical. But a mechanical approach is, in my view, dictated by
the policy imperative of party autonomy. I say that for two reasons. First,
parties who choose arbitration ought not to have any more or any fewer rights
or obligations as against each other than those which have been determined in
the award produced by their reference to arbitration. Second, no legal person
can be held liable on an award unless it is a contracting party to the
arbitration agreement invoked in the reference which has produced the award.

41 Further, it is also my view that the mechanical approach is dictated by the
policy imperative of minimal curial intervention. I say that also for two
reasons. First, it is wrong in principle for an enforcing court to do anything
which might, even indirectly or unintentionally, alter the substance of the
parties’ rights and obligations as determined in the award. Second, it is also
wrong in principle for an enforcing court to go behind the dispositive terms
of an award in order to analyse the tribunal’s reasons for arriving at those
terms, even if the sole reason for doing so is simply to ensure that a
proposed deviation from the dispositive terms of the award makes no change of
substance to the parties’ rights and obligations as determined in the award.
Both of these things would amount to a court intervening at the enforcement
stage contrary to the spirit of Art 5 of the Model Law.

42 The only way to advance both of these policy imperatives is for the court
to grant leave to enforce an award and to enter judgment thereafter in terms
which mirror, precisely and mechanically, the dispositive terms of the award.
That is why s 19 of the Act gives an enforcing court no power to vary or
deviate from the dispositive terms of an award, however well-intentioned the
desire to do so might be.

43 This is the position in English law. Section 101 of the English Arbitration
Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (“the English Act”) is in pari materia with s 19 of the
Act. Section 101 “makes it clear that the enforcement process is a mechanistic
one, and that the court may simply give a judgment which implements the award
itself”: Robert Merkin, Arbitration Law (Informa UK, March 2021 release) at
para 19.48. Thus, for example, an English court has no power to give leave to
enforce an award in favour of or against anyone other than the parties to the
arbitration (Merkin at para 19.48):

… It follows that the award cannot be enforced on terms not specified in the
award. … In particular, an award can only be enforced against a losing party
in the arbitration. The party successful in the arbitration is not, therefore,
entitled to seek enforcement of the award against another person who is
alleged in the enforcement proceedings to be the principal of the losing party
in the arbitration. …

44 The authority which Merkin cites for the mechanical approach is the
decision at first instance of Gross J (as he then was) in Norsk Hydro ASA v
State Property Fund of Ukraine and others [2002] EWHC 2120 (Comm) (“Norsk
Hydro”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DWS at paras 27–28.

In Norsk Hydro, a tribunal issued an award against a number of legal persons
including a single legal person named in the arbitration and in the award as
“The Republic of Ukraine, through the State Property Fund of Ukraine”. But the
court granted the creditor leave to enforce the award against, inter alia, two
separate legal persons: (a) the Republic of Ukraine; and (b) the State
Property Fund of Ukraine.

45 Gross J set aside the leave. He explained that the approach to granting
leave to enforce an award must be mechanical for two reasons. First, the
mechanical approach avoids the court having to go into the merits of the
tribunal’s reasoning. Second, where the question is as to the identity of the
person against whom the award is to be enforced, any other approach would
amount to the court using the state’s sanctions to compel a legal person who
was not a party to the arbitration and who is not the subject of the award to
comply with the award (at [17]–[18]):

17 … There is an important policy interest … in ensuring the effective and
speedy enforcement of such international arbitration awards; the corollary,
however, is that the task of the enforcing court should be as “mechanistic” as
possible. Save in connection with the threshold requirements for enforcement
and the exhaustive grounds on which enforcement of a New York Convention award
may be refused … the enforcing court is neither entitled nor bound to go
behind the award in question, explore the reasoning of the arbitration
tribunal or second-guess its intentions. Additionally, the enforcing court
seeks to ensure that an award is carried out by making available its own
domestic law sanctions. …

18 Viewed in this light, as a matter of principle and instinct, an order
providing for enforcement of an award must follow the award. No doubt, true
“slips” and changes of name can be accommodated; suffice to say, that is not
this case. Here it is sought to enforce an award made against a single party,
against two separate and distinct parties. To proceed in such a fashion,
necessarily requires the enforcing court to stray into the arena of the
substantive reasoning and intentions of the arbitration tribunal. Further,
enforcement backed by sanctions, is sought in terms other than those of the
award. … In my judgment, this is all inappropriate territory for the enforcing
court. The right approach is to seek enforcement of an award in the terms of
that award.

46 I therefore accept the defendant’s submission that the court’s approach to
an application under s 19 of the Act ought to be and is a mechanical one. The
pure mechanical approach is subject only to four qualifications. The first is
that which Gross J himself mentions in [18] of Norsk Hydro. The court may
deviate from the terms of the award when granting leave to enforce it if the
deviation does no more than correct a minor clerical error of the type which
comes within the slip rule.

47 The second qualification is that it must be the case that the court may
deviate from the terms of the award when that is necessary to take into
account matters which have occurred after the tribunal issued its award and
became functus officio. Examples of such matters would be a post-award change
of name or a post-award assignment or other transfer of the benefit of the
award.

48 The third qualification is that the court may deviate from the terms of the
award with the parties’ consent to the deviation. Arbitration being founded on
consent, a deviation from the terms of the award supported by the parties’
consent at the time of enforcement cannot be objectionable.

49 The fourth qualification is that, quite obviously, the court may deviate
from the terms of the award if there is a statutory basis for doing so. There
is at present no such statutory basis in s 19 or elsewhere in the Act (cf the
express power conferred upon the English courts by s 67(3)(b) of the English
Act to vary an award when disposing of a challenge as to the tribunal’s
substantive jurisdiction).

50 These four qualifications must obviously be kept within narrow confines
lest they undermine party autonomy and go beyond minimal curial intervention.
Furthermore, a creditor will ordinarily be expected to explain why it did not
seek the assistance of the tribunal itself to incorporate the terms of the
desired deviation directly in the award, whether under Art 33 of the Model Law
or in some other way. Subject to these points, however, I do not think that
these narrow qualifications contradict the twin policy imperatives which
mandate the mechanical approach.

Applying the mechanical approach

51 The pure mechanical approach applies to this case. The plaintiff, quite
correctly, does not suggest that any of the four qualifications I have
identified has any possible application.

52 Applying the pure mechanical approach, the leave which has been granted to
the plaintiff to enforce an award in favour Hydralift cannot stand. The
tribunal did not intend to issue and did not issue the award in favour of the
plaintiff. The leave which the plaintiff has secured goes beyond merely
allowing it to enforce the award in the same manner as a judgment to the same
effect.

53 The result of applying the pure mechanical approach is that only Hydralift
has standing to apply for leave under s 19 to enforce the award. It is not to
the point that Hydralift cannot now make any such application (unless, of
course, it is restored to the Norwegian companies register under the Norwegian
equivalent of s 208 of our Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018
(Act 40 of 2018) or of ss 344(5), 344D(1) and 344F of our Companies Act). The
mere fact that Hydralift has ceased to exist does not supply a power to
deviate from the dispositive terms of the award when s 19 contains no such
power.

54 It is of course true that the rights against the defendant which the award
has created spring from the Contract and, in particular from the arbitration
agreement in it. It may also be true that the effect of the 2004 mergers has
somehow been to project forward in time such that they operated in 2007 (when
the arbitration commenced) and 2019 (when the award was issued) to transfer to
the plaintiff the contractual benefit of the award. But even that hypothetical
prospective transfer cannot supply a power to the court to vary or deviate
from the dispositive terms of the award when s 19 contains no such power.

55 If Hydralift had ceased to exist after the arbitration commenced in 2007,
instead of before, the plaintiff could have plausibly made the following
argument. By its award issued at the end of the arbitration, the tribunal
intended to benefit Hydralift, the legal person whom the defendant had named
as the respondent at the start of the arbitration. But that legal person had
ceased to exist while the arbitration was going on. As a result, at the
enforcement stage, the court should carry the tribunal’s manifest but
miscarried intent through to the transferee of Hydralift’s contractual rights,
ie, the plaintiff. That could warrant the enforcing court taking a slightly
broader view of the tribunal’s intent and construing the use of Hydralift’s
name in the award as pointing to the plaintiff, being the ultimate transferee
of Hydralift’s contractual rights. On that basis, having regard to substance
over form, it could be said that the plaintiff’s leave to enforce nevertheless
comes within the strictures of s 19 of the Act. I say only that this argument
would have been plausible, not that it would have succeeded.

56 But on the facts of this case, the plaintiff cannot even begin to make this
argument. Hydralift ceased to exist well before the defendant commenced the
arbitration. This means that the tribunal’s objective intent, manifest in the
award, did not miscarry. To grant leave to the plaintiff to enforce this award
against the defendant would be to assume a power to enforce an award that the
tribunal never intended to issue, had no reason to issue and did not in fact
issue.

57 This finding is sufficient in itself to set aside the plaintiff’s leave to
enforce the award. In case I am wrong on this, however, I go on to consider
the four remaining questions the defendant poses.

Is the use of Hydralift’s name in the arbitration a misnomer?

58 The second question the defendant poses (see [19] above) is whether the
defendant’s naming of Hydralift as the respondent in the arbitration was a
mere misnomer, ie, a mistake merely as to the name of the respondent.

Proceedings commenced by or against a non-existent legal person are a nullity

59 The cases on misnomer follow a dismally familiar pattern. First, a party to
an arbitration is misnamed. That could be because the party has changed its
name and the arbitration is commenced using its former name (Unisys
International Services Ltd (formerly Sperry Rand Ltd) v Eastern Counties
Newspapers Ltd and Eastern Counties Newspapers Group Ltd [1991] 1 Lloyd's Rep
538 (“Unisys”)). Or it could be because the party transferred its rights under
the contract to another legal person and ceased to exist (SEB Trygg Liv
Holding AB v Manches and others [2006] 1 WLR 2276 (“SEB Trygg (CA)” and Harper
Versicherungs AG v Indemnity Marine Assurance Co Ltd and others [2006] 2 All
ER (Comm) 225 (“Harper”)). Or it could be because the party did not enter into
the arbitration agreement under which the arbitration is commenced (Internaut
Shipping GmbH and another v Fercometal SARL [2003] 2 All ER (Comm) 760
(“Internaut”)). Next, depending on where incentives lie, the claimant (Unisys;
Harper; Internaut) or the respondent (SEB Trygg (CA)) claims that the
misnaming is merely a misnomer, while the opposing party argues that it is
fatal.

60 The analysis which follows raises multiple metaphysical issues. Among them
are three. What does it mean to speak of “a non-existent legal person”? What
does it mean to speak of an act being done by or to “a non-existent legal
person”? And how can “a non-existent legal person” be a party to an
arbitration? I gloss over these issues by using the phrase “non-existent legal
person” to mean simply “a name which does not point to a legal person at the
time the name is used”.

61 It is common ground that, where an arbitration is commenced by a non-
existent legal person, the arbitration is a nullity unless the use of the name
can be characterised as a misnomer. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PWS at para 65; DWS at para 44.

Both parties accept as authority for this proposition the decision of the
English Court of Appeal SEB Trygg (CA) at [50]:

Misnomer

50 … If the proceedings were started on behalf of a party who did not exist,
then they were a nullity. If on the other hand it was clear who the party was,
but there was simply an error in naming him, the proceedings were not a
nullity and the error can, in appropriate circumstances, be corrected within
them. …

62 The proposition at [50] of SEB Trygg (CA) as framed applies to proceedings
commenced by a non-existent legal person. It is possible to argue that
proceedings commenced against a non-existent legal person, such as this
arbitration, are in a category outside this proposition and are therefore not
a nullity. The argument would proceed as follows. Proceedings commenced by a
non-existent legal person, for that reason alone, lack completely any legal
foundation. The defect is therefore fundamental and renders the proceedings a
nullity. They are in truth, not proceedings at all. On the other hand,
proceedings commenced against a non-existent legal person do not, for that
reason alone, lack a legal foundation. Those proceedings lack only a target.
The defect is not fundamental and does not, in itself, render the proceedings
a nullity. They are in truth proceedings, albeit misdirected.

63 Despite this possible argument, I proceed on the basis that the proposition
at [50] of SEB Trygg (CA) applies to proceedings which are both commenced by
and against a non-existent legal person. I do so for three reasons.

64 First, the plaintiff does not advance this argument. Thus, the plaintiff
accepts that if the defendant’s use of Hydralift’s name for the respondent in
the arbitration cannot be characterised as a mere misnomer, the arbitration is
a nullity and the award is unenforceable. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PWS at paras 67.

65 Second, the court in SEB Trygg (CA) stated the proposition in terms of
proceedings commenced by a non-existent legal person simply because that was
the factual situation in the case before it. I do not detect in SEB Trygg (CA)
any intent to draw a distinction between these two categories. The lack of any
such distinction is also consistent with authority, including the first
instance decision from which SEB Trygg (CA) arose (SEB Trygg Holding
Aktiebolag v Manches and others [2005] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 129 (“SEB Trygg (HC)” at
[28]).

66 Finally, I consider to be artificial any attempt to draw a distinction
between the foundation and the target of legal proceedings. It is axiomatic
that all proceedings must be brought by a legal person against a legal person.
It is only if both of those conditions are satisfied that the proceedings are
in truth proceedings. A name recognised by law under which one can both sue
and be sued is one of the defining features of legal personality (see s 24(2)
of the Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed),
s 19(5) of the Companies Act and s 2(2) of the Minister for Finance
(Incorporation) Act (Cap 183, 2014 Rev Ed)). Both of these conditions must be
satisfied for proceedings to be, in truth, proceedings. If it were otherwise,
the concept of legal personality would lose one of its defining and
distinguishing features. That is even more true when the proceedings in
question are arbitration rather than litigation. Only a legal person can be
party and counterparty to an arbitration agreement. Therefore, only a legal
person can assert a right to arbitrate and be subject to an obligation to
arbitrate.

67 The plaintiff submits that the arbitration is not a nullity because the use
of Hydralift’s name to describe the respondent in the arbitration was a mere
misnomer for the plaintiff. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PWS at para 80; PLI at para 2(a).

This submission fails in limine. A finding of misnomer is not sufficient in
itself to save an arbitration by or against a non-existent legal person from
being a nullity. A finding of misnomer saves the arbitration only if the
misnomer is corrected within the arbitration itself. That is clear from the
proposition in SEB Trygg (CA) itself (at [50], cited at [61] above). The
plaintiff itself accepts that this is the position in law. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS at para 72.

In this case, even if the use of Hydralift’s name for the respondent was a
misnomer for the plaintiff, the plaintiff made no attempt whatsoever to have
the tribunal correct the misnomer before it delivered its award. On that
ground alone, this award is outside the scope of the proposition from SEB
Trygg (CA) on which the plaintiff relies.

68 Furthermore, the plaintiff appears to suggest that a finding of misnomer
suffices to allow the plaintiff to enforce an award which the tribunal
intended to and did issue in favour of Hydralift even if the misnomer is not
corrected within the arbitration. I do not accept this proposition as correct.
It contradicts the mechanical approach to enforcement and the twin policies
underlying that approach which I have analysed above (at [37]–[50]).

69 Nevertheless, I analyse the plaintiff’s submissions on misnomer in the
terms in which they are made. The threshold issue for analysing this
submission is formulating the test to determine whether the use of a name is a
misnomer.

The test for identifying a misnomer

70 The plaintiff submits that the test is this: who would the party standing
opposite the misnamed party in the arbitration reasonably understand is the
correct legal person to participate in the arbitration? 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS at para 69.

Thus, if the misnamed party is the claimant, the test is whom the respondent
would reasonably understand is the correct claimant. On the other hand, if the
misnamed party is the respondent (as in this arbitration), the test is whom
the claimant would reasonably understand is the correct respondent.

71 The defendant proposes a different test. The defendant submits that the
test is this: who is the legal person that both parties would reasonably have
understood the misnamed party to be? 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DWS at para 46.

72 There are several material differences between the parties’ formulations.
The most obvious is that the plaintiff’s test is unilateral whereas the
defendant’s test is bilateral. Despite these differences, both parties claim
to derive their formulations from the same passage in the judgment of the
English Court of Appeal in SEB Trygg (CA). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DWS at para 46; PWS at para 66.

73 In SEB Trygg (CA), four corporate vendors sold shares to a purchaser. One
of the vendors: (a) transferred to a subsidiary the beneficial interest in its
rights under the contract of sale; (b) merged with its parent, thereby
transferring to the parent its obligations under the contract and the bare
right to sue on the contract; and (c) ceased to exist (at [5]–[6] and [8]).
All four vendors commenced an arbitration against the purchaser (at [2]). The
purchaser brought a counterclaim against the four vendors. When the purchaser
discovered that one of the vendors had ceased to exist even before commencing
the arbitration, it sought a declaration from the court that the tribunal had
jurisdiction over the parent, and that the parent would be bound by any award
on the counterclaim against the non-existent vendor (at [12]). The parent
argued in response that it had never been a party to the arbitration.

74 The English Court of Appeal held that naming the non-existent vendor was a
mere misnomer. It found that the purchaser, as the respondent in the
arbitration, would reasonably have understood that the intended claimants were
the four holders of the vendors’ rights under the contract and no other
persons. Therefore, naming the non-existent vendor as a claimant was a mere
misnomer for the parent, being the transferee of the non-existent vendor’s
bare right to sue on the contract. This meant that the arbitration was not a
nullity in so far as it involved a claim by and against the non-existent
vendor (at [51]–[52] and [54]):

51 … We prefer to state the question as one of principle, namely, who would
reasonably have been understood by the party against whom the claim was
asserted to be the entity bringing the claim? Within the misnomer cases, that
approach is that of Lloyd LJ in The Sardinia Sulcis [1991] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 201
…. In our case, the proceedings were commenced on the instructions of [the
vendors’ agent], acting on the authority of [a director]. But what was the
nature of that authority? Plainly, to protect the interests of the vendors …
[The vendor’s agent] had no business to include a claimant in the proceedings,
and [the director] had no business to permit him to do so, unless that
claimant was one of those vendors. [The non-existent vendor] was therefore a
claimant as, but only as, one of the vendors.

52 That would have been obvious, to the extent of not even needing thought, to
[the purchaser]. And it would also have been obvious from a scrutiny of the
pleadings. … [T]he best source for what the claimant actually intended is to
be found in the points of claim. In our case the pleadings unequivocally said
that they were brought jointly by the [vendors]. In those circumstances the
fact that the title of the proceedings did not record that the relevant vendor
had transferred all of its rights to [the parent] … was indeed a mere
misnomer.

…

54 … the pleadings in this case could not leave anyone in any possible doubt
that they were advanced on behalf of the vendors … and of no one else.

[emphasis added]

75 SEB Trygg (CA) thus framed the test for identifying a misnomer in the
following proposition at [51]: “…who would reasonably have been understood by
the party against whom the claim was asserted to be the entity bringing the
claim?”. It is from this proposition that both parties have derived their
formulations of the test for misnomer (see [70]–[71] above). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PWS at para 70.

76 In my view, the plaintiff’s formulation is not supported by the authority
of SEB Trygg (CA). In any event, it is also my view that the test as framed at
[51] of SEB Trygg (CA) turns on the facts of that case and is not capable of
universal application. For the reasons which follow, I consider the
defendant’s formulation of the test to be more accurate, to be closer to the
authority of SEB Trygg (CA) and also to be capable of universal application.

77 Every time a party is misnamed in an arbitration, there are two roles on
offer: (a) there is the person who introduces the mistaken name into the
arbitration; and (b) there is the person who is in a better position (as
between the parties) to detect and correct the mistaken name. I use the word
“person” here rather than “party” because the subject of the inquiry must
extend beyond the party formally misnamed in the foundational documents of the
arbitration to the person who instructs agents such as solicitors to do acts
on behalf of the misnamed party in the arbitration.

78 With those two roles in mind, I make two points about SEB Trygg (CA).

79 First, both roles in SEB Trygg (CA) were played by the same person: the
parent. Not only that, but the parent was also the person arguing that its own
misnaming of one of the vendors rendered the arbitration a nullity, at least
in part. It is exceedingly unattractive for a person to argue that a name
which it has mistakenly introduced into an arbitration – being a mistake which
it was and is in the better position to detect and correct – renders the
arbitration in part a nullity. The English Court of Appeal identified this as
one of the singular features of SEB Trygg (CA) (at [50]). That is perhaps one
reason why this decision represents the high-water mark of the misnomer cases.
It is not unreasonable to think that the analysis, and perhaps even the
outcome, could well have been different if it had been the purchaser, rather
than the parent, who argued that the arbitration was a nullity.

80 The second point I make about Seb Trygg (CA) is that the court framed the
test solely from the perspective of the party opposite the misnamed party
because that was a case in which one person – the parent – played both of the
roles I have identified at [77] above. In that sense, there was in SEB Trygg
(CA), one party (the parent) who bore all of the notional responsibility for
misnaming and another party (the respondent) who bore none of that
responsibility. It was therefore entirely correct and understandable for the
court to frame and apply the test only from the perspective of the party
opposite the misnamed party. But the same person will not always play both
roles. The present case is an example. Like SEB Trygg (CA), it was the
defendant (as the claimant in the arbitration) who mistakenly introduced
Hydralift’s name. But unlike SEB Trygg (CA), it was the plaintiff (as the
party instructing solicitors to participate in the arbitration in the name of
Hydralift) who was in the better position to detect and correct the mistaken
name.

81 In my view, therefore, it is wrong in principle to attempt to identify a
misnomer in a situation such as this where the roles are split by looking at
the misnaming solely from the perspective of the party opposite the misnamed
person. This approach would result in an incomplete analysis of whether the
case is indeed one of misnomer. In a case where the roles are split, the test
must consider both parties’ perspectives: to whom did each party intend to
refer when it used the non-existent legal person’s name in the arbitration?
This is, in essence, the defendant’s formulation of the test (see [70] above).

82 There are two other conceptual reasons for rejecting the plaintiff’s
formulation of the test. First, the plaintiff’s formulation incorporates an
external reference point against which the intent of the party opposite the
misnamed party is to be assessed. That external reference point is the concept
of the “correct” legal person to participate in the arbitration. It appears to
me that assessing intent against an external reference point in this way
amounts to rigging the test in favour of a finding of misnomer. Conceptually,
whether there is or is not a misnomer should turn only on the parties’ intent.
I therefore consider the defendant’s formulation, confined as it is to an
assessment of each party’s intent, to be preferable. Second, the plaintiff’s
test is capable of yielding different answers over time. The “correct” legal
person to participate in an arbitration can change, as a result of assignment
or by transmission through mergers. This can happen even after the arbitration
is well under way. It appears to me to be wrong conceptually to use a dynamic
test such as the plaintiff’s to identify a misnomer. In any given arbitration,
there is either a misnomer or there is no misnomer. The defendant’s
formulation of the test is static, as it should be. It turns on the parties’
intent taken as a whole, assessed from the time the misnamed party is
introduced into the arbitration. It can yield only one, unchanging answer.

83 In terms of applying the test for misnomer, it is common ground that the
test turns on objective intent and not subjective intent. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PWS at para 69; DWS at para 52.

In SEB Trygg (CA), the court drew a distinction between litigation and
arbitration for this purpose. As the court put it (at [50]), litigation is
governed by statute (ie, the rules of court) whereas arbitration is governed
by contract (ie, the parties’ arbitration agreement). Whatever may be the
position in litigation, therefore, the usual objective contractual approach
applies to the intent necessary to identify a misnomer in an arbitration. That
is why the court (at [51]) framed the test objectively, ie, in terms of
reasonableness. That is also why the court (at [52] and [54]) applied the test
objectively, by examining the subject-matter of the arbitration and by
scrutinising the pleadings (see the italicised passages cited at [74]
above).The test thus turns in the usual contractual way on what the parties
said or did, not on what they thought, believed or intended without
manifesting it. Relevant evidence of objective intent therefore includes the
notice of arbitration and the pleadings (Unisys at 550 and 560; SEB Trygg (CA)
at [52]). Uncommunicated (ie, subjective) intent is not relevant (Unisys at
560). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PWS at 71.

84 Incorporating objective intent into the test for misnomer, it can be
formulated as follows: to whom did each party objectively intend to refer when
it used the misnamed party’s name in the arbitration? Because the test is both
bilateral and objective, it can also be reformulated without changing its
meaning as follows: to whom did each party reasonably understand the other
party to be referring when it used the non-existent legal person’s name in the
arbitration.

85 In applying this test from a given party’s perspective, it is legitimate to
take into account that party’s knowledge or ignorance of the material facts,
provided that its knowledge or ignorance was manifest. This does not amount to
turning an objective test into a subjective test. The test still considers the
question of intent in objective terms: solely from each party’s outward
manifestations of its intent and how those outward manifestations would have
been reasonably understood. But it is meaningless to assess how those outward
manifestations would have been understood in a vacuum. They can only be
reasonably understood in light of that party’s state of manifest knowledge or
ignorance.

86 I now apply this test to the facts of this case. I start by making findings
about the parties’ manifest knowledge or ignorance of the material facts. I
then apply the test from each party’s perspective.

The parties’ knowledge or ignorance

87 In this case, there are two facts which are material to applying the test
for misnomer: (a) the fact that the 2004 mergers transferred Hydralift’s
rights and obligations under the Contract to the plaintiff; and (b) the fact
that Hydralift ceased to exist upon its merger with NOH taking effect. I make
four findings about the parties’ knowledge or ignorance of these two material
facts.

88 First, and quite obviously, I find that the plaintiff knew both of these
material facts at all times. The plaintiff does not allege any mistake or
oversight on its own part about these two material facts. Indeed, it cannot
credibly do so.

89 Second, I find that the plaintiff’s knowledge of these facts was manifest.
Who better to know where Hydralift’s rights and obligations under the Contract
resided in 2007 than the plaintiff? In the absence of any contemporaneous
indication that the plaintiff was in doubt about either of these material
facts, the plaintiff’s knowledge of these facts was manifest.

90 Third, I accept the defendant’s evidence that it was ignorant of these
material facts until the plaintiff attempted to enforce the award in 2019. The
mere fact that the defendant used Hydralift’s name to refer to the respondent
in the arbitration establishes this. The defendant had no incentive to do so
if it had known either of these facts. Indeed, the defendant had a very strong
disincentive against doing so. The defendant was the claimant in the
arbitration. It was pursuing a claim against the respondent which was several
multiples of the counterclaim (see [7] above). No reasonable claimant in these
circumstances would have named Hydralift as the respondent – let alone
incurred the time, cost and expense of pursuing the arbitration for 12 years –
unless it was ignorant of these two facts. The plaintiff does not go so far as
to suggest that the defendant had some ulterior or tactical purpose for using
Hydralift’s name in the arbitration despite knowing these two facts. I am
therefore satisfied that the defendant was ignorant of both of these facts
until the plaintiff revealed them to the defendant in 2019.

91 Fourth, I find that the defendant’s ignorance of these facts was manifest
throughout the arbitration. That is established not only by the objective
points which I have set out to support my third finding, but also by the
plaintiff’s conduct on behalf of Hydralift in 2015 and 2016. That is when the
defendant commenced litigation related to the arbitration against various
members of the tribunal and Hydralift (see [125]–[126] below). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

HC/OS 168/2015, HC/OS 223/2015 and HC/OS 680/2015.

The defendant named Hydralift as a co-defendant in this litigation on the
basis that Hydralift was the respondent in the arbitration and ought to be
bound by the court’s decision in the litigation. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

JBOD vol 2 at pp 1037–1042.

As I find below (at [125]–[126]), the plaintiff actively concealed the merger
and Hydralift’s dissolution from the defendant. The plaintiff would not have
engaged in this extraordinary conduct if the defendant’s ignorance of these
two facts was not manifest and if the plaintiff did not want the defendant to
continue with the arbitration in its ignorance. In making this finding, I
reject Mr Jensen’s evidence that the plaintiff “always thought that [the
defendant] knew that [the plaintiff was] the successor company” of Hydralift.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1608, para 22.

92 With these findings in mind, I now apply the test at [84] above to the
facts of this case from each party’s perspective. I start with the defendant’s
perspective because it was the defendant who mistakenly introduced Hydralift’s
name into the arbitration.

The defendant’s objective intent

The defendant objectively intended Hydralift’s name to refer to Hydralift

93 What I have to determine now, bearing in mind the defendant’s ignorance of
the two material facts, is this: to whom did the defendant objectively intend
to refer when it used Hydralift’s name in the arbitration?

94 I find that the defendant objectively intended Hydralift’s name to refer to
Hydralift and not to the plaintiff. As far as the defendant knew: (a)
Hydralift entered into the Contract with the defendant; (b) Hydralift
continued to hold the rights and owed the obligations arising under the
Contract; and (c) Hydralift continued to exist as a legal person. The
defendant therefore had every reason objectively to intend Hydralift’s name to
refer to Hydralift. Further, as far as the defendant knew: (a) the plaintiff
was a stranger to the Contract; (b) the plaintiff was not the transferee of
any of Hydralift’s rights or obligations arising under the Contract; and (c)
the plaintiff was a holding company of Hydralift. The defendant therefore had
no reason whatsoever objectively to intend Hydralift’s name to refer to the
plaintiff.

95 The answer is the same, and for the same reasons, if I consider to whom the
defendant reasonably understood the plaintiff to refer when the plaintiff used
Hydralift’s name for the counterclaim in the arbitration. The defendant had
every reason to understand the plaintiff’s use of Hydralift’s name as
referring to Hydralift, and absolutely no reason to understand the plaintiff
to be using Hydralift’s name to refer to the plaintiff.

The defendant did not objectively intend Hydralift’s name to refer to whoever
was then liable to the defendant on the Contract

96 To counter this finding, the plaintiff argues that the defendant must be
taken objectively to have intended Hydralift’s name throughout the arbitration
to refer to the plaintiff, the plaintiff being the legal person liable on the
Contract 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PWS at para 73.

and therefore the correct legal person to participate in the arbitration. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PWS at para 69.

97 In support of this argument, the plaintiff relies on the parties’
correspondence after Hydralift had ceased to exist. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 83, line 25 to p 84, line 5.

From 2001 to 2007, the defendant and Hydralift were attempting in vain to
resolve their dispute. During this period, in 2006 and again in 2007, the
plaintiff’s performance guarantee 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

JBOD vol 1 at p 53, para 68.

under the Contract was extended by agreement. Upon each extension, the issuing
bank sent a notice to the defendant confirming that the guarantee had been
extended. The bank addressed each of these notices to, amongst others,
“National Oilwell Norway AS (Former Hydralift ASA)”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

JBOD vol 3 at pp 1650, 1652 and 1654.

“National Oilwell Norway AS” is the plaintiff’s former name (see [8(d)]
above).

98 The defendant then echoed this description in its own correspondence with
the plaintiff. Thus, several days after the defendant issued the notice of
arbitration, the defendant’s inhouse counsel sent to an employee of the
plaintiff an email 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1607, para 19.

with the subject header “B241 (Saga Varg) : KFELS vs. Hydralift (NOV)”
[emphasis added]. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1658.

NOV is one of the possible abbreviations for the plaintiff’s name.

99 The plaintiff submits that this description of Hydralift in the
contemporaneous correspondence shows that, when the defendant chose to name
Hydralift in the notice of arbitration, its objective intent was simply to
bring in as the respondent in the arbitration whoever was the correct legal
person then liable to the defendant under the Contract. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 83, lines 1–15.

100 I reject this submission for three reasons.

101 First, as the defendant submits, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 145, lines 14–25.

the descriptions “National Oilwell Norway AS (Former Hydralift ASA)” and
“Hydralift (NOV)” are ambiguous. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

JBOD vol 3 at pp 1650, 1652 and 1654.

They could mean, as the plaintiff submits, that Hydralift had changed its
name. They could also mean, as the plaintiff submits, that Hydralift had
transferred its rights and obligations under the Contract to “National Oilwell
Norway AS” or to “NOV”. But they could also mean, as the defendant submits,
that “National Oilwell Norway AS” or “NOV” had acquired Hydralift’s shares,
with Hydralift continuing in existence as the legal person liable to the
defendant for breaches of the Contract. Significantly, the issuing bank’s
notices continued to describe the guarantee as having been issued “on behalf
of M/S Hydralift ASA” [emphasis added]. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

JBOD vol 3 at pp 1651, 1653 and 1655.

According to the defendant, this “accorded with [the defendant’s]
understanding (at the time) that Hydralift remained a live entity”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1797, para 10(a).

102 Second, if the defendant indeed understood these descriptions of Hydralift
in 2006 and 2007 in the way the plaintiff now submits it did, the inevitable
consequence would have been the complete opposite of what the defendant
actually did when it commenced the arbitration. Any reasonable claimant acting
rationally with that knowledge would undoubtedly have commenced arbitration
using the plaintiff’s name to refer to the respondent instead of Hydralift’s
name. As I have already mentioned (at [90] above), the defendant had
absolutely no incentive to commence the arbitration against any legal person
other than the person it then believed to be liable on the Contract.

103 Third, the fact that the defendant chose to commence the arbitration using
Hydralift’s name for the respondent despite these descriptions of Hydralift in
this contemporaneous correspondence supports the defendant’s case, not the
plaintiff’s. Names are treated with a relative degree of informality in
correspondence, particularly between lay persons, and with a high degree of
formality when commencing proceedings. The defendant’s conduct in naming
Hydralift as the respondent despite Hydralift’s description in this
contemporaneous correspondence suggests that the defendant made a conscious
decision to reject any implication or inference arising from these
descriptions and intended objectively to bring in Hydralift – and only
Hydralift – as the respondent to the arbitration.

104 The plaintiff even goes so far as to generalise its proposition and submit
that every claimant in every arbitration objectively intends to name as the
respondent to the arbitration whoever is the correct legal person then liable
to the claimant on the underlying contract. I reject this submission. It puts
the analysis at such a high level of abstraction that it renders any use of a
name completely otiose.

105 For this submission, the plaintiff relies on Unisys, SEB Trygg (HC) and
The “Sardinia Sulcis” and “Al Tawwab” [1991] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 201 (“The “Sardinia
Sulcis””). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 60, line 23 to p 68, line 2.

Given that The “Sardinia Sulcis” is the case which most directly supports this
submission, I focus my analysis on that case.

106 In The “Sardinia Sulcis” a plaintiff had merged and ceased to exist under
Italian law before an action was commenced in its name. The defendant argued
that the action was a nullity and should be struck out, having been commenced
by a non-existent legal person. The English Court of Appeal held that what had
happened was a mere misnomer. The plaintiff was therefore granted leave to
amend its own name to reflect the name of the legal person which continued in
existence after the merger.

107 Lloyd LJ (as he then was) framed the test in terms of whether there could
have been any reasonable doubt as to the identity of the person intending to
sue. The plaintiff adopts Lloyd LJ’s formulation and transposes it to apply to
a respondent. The plaintiff’s submission is thus that the legal person
“intended to be sued” in an arbitration is the legal person in whom the
obligations under the contract in question are vested at the material time. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 67, line 22 to p 68, line 2.

108 I do not accept the plaintiff’s reliance on The “Sardinia Sulcis” for four
reasons.

109 First, the plaintiff’s submission overlooks the conceptual difficulties
with the test which Lloyd LJ himself acknowledged. Thus, Lloyd LJ expressly
acknowledged that the concept of “the person intending to sue” or “the person
intended to be sued” could be applied at such a high level of abstraction as
to render it meaningless as a test for misnomer (at 207 RHC):

In one sense a plaintiff always intends to sue the person who is liable for
the wrong which he has suffered. But the test cannot be as wide as that.
Otherwise there could never be any doubt as to the person intended to be sued,
and leave to amend would always be given. …

110 He therefore added a gloss to the test which assesses intent by looking at
how the misnamed respondent has been described, not simply at whether the
person is liable for the wrong. Thus, if the legal person intended to be sued
is described in the proceedings in a way which is clear, an error in stating
its name will be a mere misnomer (at 207 RHC):

… if, in the case of an intended defendant, the plaintiff gets the right
description but the wrong name, there is unlikely to be any doubt as to the
identity of the person intended to be sued. But if he gets the wrong
description, it will be otherwise. …

Returning to the facts of the present case, there could be no reasonable doubt
as to the identity of the person intending to sue, namely, the person in whom
the rights of ownership were vested at the date when the writ was issued. …
The description of the intending plaintiffs was clear enough. It follows that
[the] mistake was a mistake as to name, and not a mistake as to identity. …

[emphasis added]

By omitting all reference to the description of the misnamed party, the
plaintiff is advocating and applying a test for misnomer for which The
“Sardinia Sulcis” is not authority.

111 Second, on the test for which The “Sardinia Sulcis” is authority, the
plaintiff fails. This is not a case where the defendant got the right
description for the plaintiff but got its name wrong. All of the historical
facts used to describe the respondent in the arbitration point only to
Hydralift. None point to the plaintiff. It was Hydralift who entered into the
Contract with the defendant. It was Hydralift who carried out the
rectification work which was part of the subject matter of the arbitration. It
was Hydralift who incurred the loss and expense which was also part of the
subject matter of the arbitration. These descriptions are all matters of
historical fact. The historical facts do not change when the rights and
obligations under the Contract are transferred. These historical facts are
incapable of describing the plaintiff.

112 Third, the test formulated in The “Sardinia Sulcis” is the test for the
misnomer necessary to secure leave to amend the name of a party in ongoing
proceedings, ie, before the proceedings conclude and before the court becomes
functus officio. That is precisely what the plaintiff in The “Sardinia Sulcis”
did. So too, in Unisys and SEB Trygg (HC), the party alleging misnomer took
the issue to the court while the arbitration was ongoing and before the
tribunal became functus officio. That is not the situation in this case. The
plaintiff never applied during the arbitration – whether to the tribunal or
(to the extent permissible) the court – to adjudicate upon the nature and
effect of using Hydralift’s name for the respondent in the arbitration.
Instead, the plaintiff permitted the tribunal to issue the award in favour of
Hydralift and become functus officio.

113 The plaintiff complains that, following the award, the defendant refused
to consent to the plaintiff taking the question of misnomer to the tribunal
under Art 33 of the Model Law outside the 30-day window stipulated in that
provision. But the defendant had no duty to consent. The real question is why
the plaintiff did not raise this issue with the tribunal before the tribunal
became functus officio or, even after it had issued the award but before the
plaintiff needed the defendant’s consent to refer the issue of misnomer to the
tribunal. All of this, of course, assumes that a change of this nature comes
within the limited scope of Art 33 of the Model Law.

114 Finally, The “Sardinia Sulcis” was decided under the English rules of
court and not in the context of arbitration. As the court pointed out in SEB
Trygg, the two types of proceedings raise different considerations (see [83]
above). In particular, the proper approach in arbitration to an allegation of
misnomer is a contractual approach, not a statutory approach.

Conclusion on the defendant’s objective intent

115 For all of the foregoing reasons, I find that the defendant objectively
intended its use of Hydralift’s name, and reasonably understood the
plaintiff’s use of Hydralift’s name, to refer to Hydralift and not to the
plaintiff throughout the arbitration.

116 From the defendant’s perspective, therefore, there was no misnomer.
Indeed, the defendant’s mistake was neither a mistake as to the name of the
respondent nor as to the identity of the respondent. The defendant’s only
mistake was as to one of the attributes of its intended respondent, albeit a
most fundamental attribute: whether it existed as a legal person. However, it
is not the defendant’s mistake as to this attribute which is relevant to
whether the arbitration is a nullity. What is relevant is whether the
defendant objectively intended to commence the arbitration against a non-
existent legal person. From the defendant’s perspective, I have found that
that was indeed its objective intent.

117 I now apply the test at [84] above from the plaintiff’s perspective.

The plaintiff’s objective intent

118 What I now have to determine, bearing in mind the plaintiff’s knowledge to
the extent it was manifest, is this: to whom did the plaintiff objectively
intend to refer when it used Hydralift’s name in the arbitration? I find that
the plaintiff’s objective intent in using Hydralift’s name in the arbitration
was also to refer to Hydralift and not to refer to the plaintiff. I say that
for three reasons.

119 First, the plaintiff made no mistake of any sort in using Hydralift’s name
in the arbitration. Quite unlike the defendant, the plaintiff knew both
material facts (see [87] above). Despite this, it used Hydralift’s name in the
arbitration rather than the plaintiff’s name. The only inference I can draw is
that this was a deliberate and a conscious choice. The fact that the plaintiff
was merely, at first at least, following the defendant’s lead does not detract
from this inference. In these circumstances, the plaintiff’s objective intent
in using Hydralift’s name can only have been to refer to Hydralift and not to
the plaintiff.

120 Second, the plaintiff’s own description of the respondent in its pleadings
in the arbitration matches Hydralift, not the plaintiff. For example, the
plaintiff’s defence and counterclaim describes the respondent in the
arbitration as the legal person who carried out various rectification works on
the subject matter of the Contract. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

JBOD vol 2 at pp 886–889, para 41.

These works were carried out between 1999 and 2001. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

JBOD vol 2 at pp 856–858, para 31.

As a historical fact, the legal person who carried out these works was
Hydralift, not the plaintiff. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript 29 June 2020 at p 8, line 14 to p 9, line 12.

Further, the defence and counterclaim also describes the respondent in the
arbitration as the legal person who was put to expense and who incurred loss
in investigating and rectifying the problems which formed part of the subject
matter of the arbitration. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

JBOD vol 2 at p 892, para 48.

As a historical fact, the legal person who was put to that expense and who
incurred that loss was Hydralift, not the plaintiff. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript 29 June 2020 at p 9, lines 13–23.

And the defence and counterclaim makes no attempt to connect Hydralift to the
plaintiff by pleading that Hydralift transferred to the plaintiff its rights
against the defendant under the Contract.

121 Third, the plaintiff went well beyond implied assertions to positive
assertions. Thus, for example, Mr Jensen’s witness statement in the
arbitration positively asserted that Hydralift was owned by National Oilwell
Varco Inc: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

JBOD vol 2 at pp 637–638, paras 21–22 and pp 947–951; PWS at paragraph 15 and
50.

I am presently the Managing Director of [the plaintiff] which is a company
based in Kristiansand, Norway. Hydralift AS was acquired by National Oilwell
Inc. (an American Multi-National Corporation) in late 2002. In 2005, National
Oilwell Inc. merged with Varco to become National Oilwell Varco Inc. (“NOV”).
NOV is the owner of Hydralift AS, the Respondents in this arbitration
reference. After the acquisition of Hydralift AS by NOV, [the plaintiff]
assumed the business portfolio of the former. [The plaintiff] is a fully owned
subsidiary of NOV.

…

Prior to its acquisition by NOV, the Respondents were a leading
designer/supplier of offshore/marine cranes, rotating and pipe-handling
equipment, hoisting and drilling equipment and custom designed hydraulic
systems for the oil and gas and marine industries … The Respondents also have
experience in the design and supply of (amongst others) integrated turret
bearing control systems for FPSO vessels. The Respondents were a company
listed with the Oslo Stock Exchange but were subsequently delisted following
its acquisition by NOV.

[emphasis added]

122 It is telling that, in this passage, Mr Jensen discloses that “National
Oilwell Inc. merged with Varco” in 2005 but does not disclose that Hydralift
merged with NOH in 2004. Instead, he consistently uses the words “acquire” and
“own” to describe the corporate changes affecting Hydralift. The only
inference I can draw is that Mr Jensen was well aware of the distinction
between a merger and an acquisition and chose to misdescribe Hydralift’s
merger with the plaintiff via NOH.

123 In this witness statement, Mr Jensen states by a combination of explicit
assertions, implied assertions and silence that Hydralift was: (a) a separate
legal person from the plaintiff; (b) an existing legal person, by using the
present tense in describing its ownership; and (c) the legal person who was
respondent in the arbitration.

124 A more egregious positive and false assertion came in the related
litigation which the defendant commenced in 2015 and 2016 in Singapore. I now
describe that litigation.

125 In 2015, the defendant filed three originating summonses in the High Court
applying to have the court remove one or more of the arbitrators under Art
13(3) of the Model Law on grounds of an alleged lack of impartiality or
independence. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

HC/OS 168/2015, HC/OS 223/2015 and HC/OS 680/2015.

In all three applications, the defendant named the impugned arbitrators and
Hydralift as defendants. All three applications came before me at a single
hearing in 2017. The plaintiff appeared on all three applications in the name
of Hydralift and presented submissions opposing the defendant’s attempt to
remove the arbitrators. I dismissed all three applications and awarded a total
of $50,000 in costs, ostensibly to Hydralift.

126 In 2016, the defendant filed an originating summons in the Court of Appeal
seeking leave to appeal against one of my interlocutory decisions in one of
the three applications then pending before me. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

CA/OS 15/2016.

The originating summons in the Court of Appeal once again named the impugned
arbitrators and Hydralift as defendants. Once again, the plaintiff appeared in
the Court of Appeal in the name of Hydralift and presented submissions
opposing the defendant’s application. The Court of Appeal dismissed the
summons and awarded $2,000 in costs, ostensibly to Hydralift.

127 In each of the three applications before me, one Mr Haavard Endal filed
affidavits on behalf of Hydralift. In all of those affidavits, he too referred
to the plaintiff having acquired the defendant rather than having merged with
Hydralift via NOH. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DWS at para 17.

In the following passage from one of Mr Endal’s affidavits, “the 3rd
Defendant” is Hydralift: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

See, eg, JBOD vol 2 at p 1099.

I am the Regional Counsel (Europe) of [the plaintiff], a company incorporated
under the laws of Norway, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of National Oilwell
Varco Inc. based in the USA (“NOV Inc.”). [The plaintiff] has assumed the
business portfolio of the 3rd Defendant [ie, “Hydralift”] following the
acquisition by NOV Inc. of the 3rd Defendant in or about 2004. I am authorised
to make this affidavit on behalf of the 3rd Defendant.

128 It could be said that Mr Endal’s assertions are ambiguous because they
refer both to National Oilwell Varco Inc acquiring Hydralift (which implies
that one legal person purchased the shares in the other, with two distinct
legal persons continuing in existence after the purchase) and also to the
plaintiff assuming Hydralift’s business portfolio (which could be read as
implying a merger where a transferor merges with a transferee company and
ceases to exist).

129 There is no ambiguity, however, in the most egregious of the plaintiff’s
positive assertions in the related litigation. Our civil procedure requires
the claimant to specify the unique identification number of the parties to the
proceedings, to the extent that it can. In the four originating summonses
which it filed in 2015 and 2016, the defendant left Hydralift’s unique
identification number unspecified. The plaintiff’s affidavits, however,
volunteered a unique identification number for Hydralift. The number the
plaintiff chose to provide was not Hydralift’s historical identification
number, ie the registration number which had been assigned to Hydralift in the
Norwegian companies register before it was struck off in 2004. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1609, para 25.

The number was also not the plaintiff’s own identification number, on the
basis that any use of Hydralift’s name after it had ceased to exist now
pointed to the plaintiff. Instead, the identification number which the
plaintiff chose to provide for Hydralift was the identification number of a
completely different legal person: a legal person who was neither the
plaintiff nor Hydralift and who was entirely unrelated to the Contract and to
the dispute which arose from it. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DWS at paras 17–18.

This legal person was a Norwegian company originally known as Startfase 80 AS.
For unexplained reasons, Startfase 80 AS changed its name to “Hydralift AS” in
2004 and used that name until 2017. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

JBOD vol 2 at p 1098; JBOD vol 3 at p 1609, paras 25–26; JBOD vol 3 at p 1228,
paras 29–32; JBOD vol 2 at p 640, paras 26–27.

The plaintiff’s conduct in volunteering this unrelated company’s
identification number in the related litigation is, to say the least,
extraordinary. It suggests to me a deliberate decision to prevent the
defendant from discovering the 2004 mergers and the dissolution of Hydralift.

130 Even more extraordinary is the explanation which Mr Jensen now offers for
this conduct. In his affidavit filed in this application, Mr Jensen says: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1609, paras 25–26.

We were asked to provide the ID No. of “A/S Hydralift” but as it had already
been struck off the Norwegian companies register this was not possible. There
were 2 ID Nos we thought we could use. One was that of [the plaintiff] (ID No.
936 738 540); the other was that of another company called “Hydralift AS” (ID
No. 984 755 481). …

We eventually decided to use the ID No. of the “new” “Hydralift AS” ID No. for
the [related litigation] in order not to complicate matters. After all, [the
defendant] had named the respondent to the Arbitration as “AS Hydralift” and
[one application to the High Court] (as well as the subsequent application to
the Singapore Court of Appeal) were all expressed to be in the matter of the
Arbitration between [the defendant] and “AS Hydralift”. …

131 As the defendant points out, this explanation is extraordinary for two
reasons. First, it establishes that the plaintiff was well aware during the
arbitration and during the related litigation that Hydralift had ceased to
exist and therefore no longer had its own identification number. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DWS at para 18.

It establishes also that the plaintiff never saw Hydralift’s name as pointing
to the plaintiff, ie, as a legal synonym for the plaintiff’s name. This
contradicts Mr Jensen’s evidence that the plaintiff never saw Hydralift and
the plaintiff as two separate legal persons and instead conducted itself as
Hydralift, albeit under a new name. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1612, para 32.

132 Second, Mr Jensen’s explanation confirms the plaintiff’s desire to conceal
the 2004 mergers and Hydralift’s striking off from the defendant and the
tribunal in the arbitration; and from the defendant, the High Court and the
Court of Appeal in the related litigation. That is the only conclusion I can
draw from the plaintiff’s decision to provide the registration number of a
company unrelated to the dispute which coincidentally bore the same name as
Hydralift and the carefully chosen words “in order not to complicate matters”
in the explanation which Mr Jensen now offers. A reasonable litigant in this
situation would have readily “complicated” matters by disclosing the truth to
the defendant, to the tribunal and to both courts. The truth was that the
plaintiff could not provide Hydralift’s identification number because
Hydralift did not exist. The plaintiff’s decision to provide the
identification number of another company with the same name did not avoid
complicating matters. It merely postponed the reckoning.

133 For all these reasons, I find that the plaintiff’s objective intent in
using Hydralift’s name in the arbitration was to refer to Hydralift and not to
refer to the plaintiff.

134 The plaintiff’s objective intent was therefore the same as the defendant’s
(see [115] above). From both parties’ perspective, the use of Hydralift’s name
in the arbitration was objectively intended to refer to no legal person other
than Hydralift. I therefore reject the plaintiff’s submission that the
parties’ use of Hydralift’s name in the arbitration was a misnomer for the
plaintiff.

135 In fact, as with the defendant, the plaintiff made neither a mistake as to
name nor a mistake as to identity when it used Hydralift’s name to refer to
the respondent in the arbitration. The plaintiff was not even mistaken as to
any of Hydralift’s attributes, such as whether it was a legal person.

Hussmann

136 In an attempt to forestall the inevitable conclusion that the arbitration
and the award are a nullity, the plaintiff relies on the case of Hussmann. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 73, lines 29–30.

In that case, the English Court of Appeal had to determine whether one Mr
Pharaon was the respondent in an arbitration. He had entered into a contract
using his unincorporated trading name, “Al Ameen Development and Trade
Establishment” (“the Establishment”) and its registration number. He later
incorporated a company named “Al Ameen Development & Trade Co” (“the
Company”). But Mr Pharaon did not transfer his rights or obligations under his
contract with the claimant to the Company.

137 The claimant named the Establishment as the respondent in its notice of
arbitration. But the claimant’s pleading defined the respondent as follows:
“Al Ameen Development & Trade Establishment (also known as Al Ameen
Development & Trade Co.) a limited liability company”. This was wrong in two
respects: (a) it defined the Company’s name as a legal synonym for the
Establishment; and (b) it averred that the Establishment was in fact an
incorporated legal person. But the registration number given in this pleaded
definition was the Establishment’s registration number (at [18]–[19]). Given
that the claimant’s contractual counterparty was Mr Pharaon, the Court of
Appeal treated the references to the Company in the pleaded definition as a
mere mistake as to name and held that the Establishment was the respondent in
the arbitration (at [67]–[69]).

138 The plaintiff argues by analogy that the fact that the documents in this
arbitration repeatedly used Hydralift’s name for the respondent does not
establish that the parties objectively intended Hydralift’s name to refer to
Hydralift. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 77, lines 13–14.

That is undoubtedly so. The question which remains is whether this is a
misnomer. But Hussmann does not assist the plaintiff in establishing that this
was a misnomer. In Hussman, the claimant conflated two legal persons (Mr
Hussman and the Company) into a single legal person and wrongly treated their
separate names as legal synonyms pointing to the same legal person. But the
claimant also described the respondent by a unique descriptor, ie, its
registration number. That descriptor sufficed to indicate precisely whom the
claimant objectively intended the respondent in the arbitration to be.

139 In the present case, the defendant’s notice of arbitration, the pleadings
and the award consistently refer to the respondent in the arbitration using
Hydralift’s name. But, unlike Hussmann, the objective, historical terms in
which all of these documents describe the respondent in the arbitration match
Hydralift and do not match the plaintiff. Hussman therefore does not assist
the plaintiff.

Conclusion on misnomer

140 For all of the foregoing reasons, I do not accept that the defendant and
the plaintiff used Hydralift’s name in the arbitration as the result of a mere
misnomer for the plaintiff.

141 As the plaintiff accepts, if I were to apply its test for misnomer at the
very high level of abstraction that it advocates, the logical consequence is
this: a claimant who secures an award against a respondent literally named as
“XYZ” – where no legal person by the name “XYZ” exists, has ever existed, or
has ever had any plausible connection to underlying contract or the
arbitration agreement – can be enforced against whichever legal person is then
liable on the contract, by whatever name that legal person is actually known,
so long as that person has come in and participated in the arbitration in the
name of “XYZ”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 96, line 3 to p 97, line 23.

That may be the result on the facts and circumstances of a particular case,
either by operation of an estoppel or by application of s 2A(6) of the Act.
But I cannot accept that submission as a general proposition as to what
amounts to a misnomer. If it is correct, then no notice of arbitration and no
writ need name a respondent or defendant ever again.

142 Ultimately, the plaintiff’s submission subverts completely the natural
purpose and significance of a name, both as a matter of language and as a
matter of law. A name is a label which points to a legal person and to its
collection of attributes. Those attributes are both factual and legal. One of
its most important factual attributes is its very name. Its legal attributes
include its status as a legal person and its contractual rights and
obligations.

143 The plaintiff’s submission is, in effect, that the purpose and
significance of a name is not to point to a legal person, but to point to a
concept which in turn points to a legal person, ie, the concept being the
person liable for the wrong which the claimant is seeking compensation or the
“correct” person to participate in the arbitration. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 84, line 21–27.

That is a completely unnatural use of a name, whether as a matter of ordinary
language, as a matter of law or as a matter of procedure. The natural use of a
name even in – indeed, especially in – a foundational document in legal
proceedings is to point to a legal person. A name cannot be stripped away from
the legal person to whom it belongs and to whom it points and turned into a
pointer to a pointer simply on the pretext of advancing substance over form.

144 The plaintiff argues that names are less important in arbitration than in
litigation because arbitration is consensual. The suggestion is, therefore,
that the court ought to look at the substance of a party’s consent to
arbitration and less to matters of form such as a party’s name. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 103, lines 15–22.

In this case, the plaintiff submits, the arbitration was clearly consensual:
(a) because the defendant and the plaintiff were, by reason of the 2004
mergers, both bound by the arbitration agreement in the Contract; and (b)
because both the defendant and the plaintiff voluntarily participated in the
arbitration. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 97, lines 24–31.

145 All that may be so. But whatever the defendant may have consented to in
the arbitration agreement and whoever may today hold the rights and
obligations under that arbitration agreement, it remains the case, as the
plaintiff accepts, that an arbitration commenced against a non-existent legal
person is a nullity, unless the use of the non-existent legal person’s name is
merely a misnomer. And even then, a finding of misnomer means merely that the
misnomer can be corrected within the proceedings itself. As I have found, the
use of Hydralift’s name was not a misnomer. And even if it was, the plaintiff
made no attempt to correct the misnomer within the arbitration. That is a
sufficient ground, in itself, for setting aside the plaintiff’s leave to
enforce the award.

Is the plaintiff estopped by representation?

146 The third question the defendant poses (see [19] above) is whether the
plaintiff is estopped from denying that the respondent in the arbitration was
Hydralift. I accept the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff is so
estopped.

147 The three elements of estoppel by representation are a representation of
fact, reliance on the representation and detriment caused by the reliance:
Yokogawa Engineering Asia Pte Ltd v Transtel Engineering Pte Ltd [2009] 2
SLR(R) 532 at [7].

148 I accept that the plaintiff represented, both in the arbitration and in
the related litigation, that Hydralift existed as a legal person and that
Hydralift was the respondent in the arbitration.

149 I have set out the most significant of those representations at
[121]–[131] above. I now list two other representations:

(a) The defence and counterclaim in the arbitration asserted that it was
Hydralift who was bringing a counterclaim against the defendant, not the
plaintiff (see [120] above). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

JBOD vol 2 at p 636, para 18; JBOD vol 2 at pp 861 and 892.

That is a representation by conduct that Hydralift is a legal person, because
only a legal person is capable of asserting a counterclaim (see [66] above),
and that Hydralift is the counterclaimant.

(b) In his affidavits filed in the related litigation, Mr Endal represented
that he was authorised to make the affidavits on behalf of Hydralift and that
Hydralift and/or its solicitors had made information and documents available
to him for that purpose. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

JBOD vol 2 at p 1099, paras 1–2.

That is a representation by words that Hydralift exists as a legal person and
that it is Hydralift who is responding to the defendant’s litigation. Mr Endal
did also say that the plaintiff had assumed the business portfolio of
Hydralift. But, for reasons I have already given, referring to an “assumption”
of Hydralift’s portfolio is ambiguous, particularly in light of the assertions
in Mr Jensen’s witness statement (see [121]–[131] above).

The plaintiff’s representations to the defendant that Hydralift was the
respondent in the arbitration were clear and consistent.

150 I accept the defendant’s submission that it relied on the plaintiff’s
representations, and that it did so to its detriment. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DWS at para 62.

The defendant has spent substantial time and expense over the 12 years from
2007 to 2019 in prosecuting the claim and defending the counterclaim in the
arbitration. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1802, para 14(a).

151 The result is that the plaintiff is now estopped from denying that
Hydralift was the respondent in the arbitration.

Does the Contract prohibit a transfer of rights upon a merger?

152 The fourth question the defendant poses (see [19] above) is whether the
Contract prohibits Hydralift from transferring to the plaintiff its rights
against the defendant under the arbitration agreement in the Contract. The
question focuses on the plaintiff’s rights under the arbitration agreement
because the plaintiff relied on those rights to pursue the counterclaim in the
name of Hydralift against the defendant in the arbitration. And it is that
counterclaim which has given rise to the award which the plaintiff now seeks
to enforce against the defendant.

Norwegian law on the transfer of rights upon merger

153 The parties’ experts, Mr Sveen and Mr Perland, are broadly in agreement on
Norwegian law in so far as it governs this question. The following points are
therefore either common ground or not seriously disputed:

(a) A merger under Norwegian law transfers all of the assets, rights and
obligations of the transferor company to the transferee company by operation
of law. This is subject only to any provision in a contract between the
transferor and a third party which prohibits such a transfer. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PWS at paras 24–26; JBOD vol 3 at pp 1729–1730, para 18; JBOD vol 3 at p 1231,
para 63; JBOD vol 3 at p 1820, para 43.

(b) An attempt to transfer obligations to a transferee upon a merger in breach
of any such prohibition will not prevent the transfer taking effect. The
obligation will nevertheless be transferred to the transferee, with the
transfer giving rise to a claim for breach of contract.

(c) However, an attempt to transfer rights to a transferee upon a merger in
breach of any such prohibition will prevent the transfer taking effect. The
result is that nobody will be able to enforce the transferor’s rights under
that contract. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

JBOD vol 3 at pp 1729–1730, paras 18–20; JBOD vol 3 at p 1820, para 43.

The transferor will have ceased to exist and the rights will not have vested
in the transferee.

154 There are only two major issues which divide the experts. First, the
experts differ on the meaning of the term “universal succession”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1732, paras 26–28.

Rather than attempting to resolve this difference, I will simply avoid using
the term and instead describe the substance of what is taking place at any
given time.

155 Second, the experts take a different view on how to determine whether a
contractual provision prohibits a transferor from transferring its rights
under a given contract to a transferee upon merger. I now analyse this
difference.

The defendant’s submissions

156 The defendant’s submission on this issue proceeds in four steps. First, as
I have already mentioned (see [153(c)] above), an attempt to transfer rights
to a transferee upon a merger in breach of a contractual prohibition will
prevent the transfer taking effect under Norwegian law. Second, the effect of
cl 21.1 of the Contract (set out at [162] below) is to prohibit a transfer of
Hydralift’s rights under the Contract upon a merger, including its rights
under the arbitration agreement. Third, there is therefore no arbitration
agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant to sustain the tribunal’s
award against the defendant on the counterclaim. Finally, the award is
therefore unenforceable (see Art 36(1)(a)(i) of the Model Law and PT First
Media TBK (formerly known as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara
International BV and others and another appeal [2014] 1 SLR 372 at [148]). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DWS at para 75.

157 Of these four steps, the first and fourth steps are common ground. That
leaves only the second and third steps for me to analyse. The defendant’s
fourth question therefore resolves to only the following two issues:

(a) What is the test for determining whether a contractual provision prohibits
a transfer of rights upon a merger under Norwegian law?

(b) Does cl 21.1, properly interpreted, satisfy that test?

I address each issue in turn.

The test

158 On the first issue, Mr Sveen, the plaintiff’s expert, advances the
following four propositions:

(a) In a merger under Norwegian law, the principle of continuity is the
default rule and restricting transferability is the exception.

(b) The principle of continuity means, in brief, that a merger under Norwegian
law: (a) treats the transferee company as “continuing” the “whole business” of
the transferor company; and (b) treats the transferor company as being
“carried on” in the transferee. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1731, paras 23–24.

(c) A “specific basis” must exist for a contractual provision to operate as a
prohibition on a transfer of rights upon a merger. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1735, para 39.

This requires a high threshold to be met. A “specific basis” will exist, for
example, if the provision specifically prohibits a transfer of rights upon a
merger. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1737, para 42.

A “specific basis” will not exist, in the absence of compelling circumstances,
if the provision does not expressly refer to mergers, amalgamations, change of
control or the like. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

JBOD vol 3 at pp 1737–1738, paras 43–44.

(d) The “specific basis” requirement is a rule of Norwegian company law, and
therefore applies to the prohibition on transfer in cl 21.1 of the Contract,
even though the Contract is governed by Singapore law.

159 The defendant’s expert, Mr Perland, takes the position that the “specific
basis” requirement does not apply to cl 21.1 of the Contract. To support this
position, he advances two propositions:

(a) First, the requirement of a “specific basis” is a rule of Norwegian
contract law, not of Norwegian company law. As the Contract is governed by
Singapore law, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

JBOD vol 2 at p 822; PWS at para 34.

the “specific basis” test has no application to cl 21.1. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DWS at para 81.

(b) Second, the rationale of the “specific basis” requirement is not engaged
by cl 21.1. The interpretation of a contract must take into account the
parties’ background. Norwegian parties entering into a contract governed by
Norwegian law are taken to be aware of the “specific basis” requirement and
can reasonably be expected to draft their contracts with that in mind. There
is, however, no reason to expect a non-Norwegian legal person, such as the
defendant, contracting under Singapore law to do so, even if its contractual
counterparty is a Norwegian legal person. A non-Norwegian legal person has “no
encouragement to consider the issue of transfer or assignment in a merger”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1822, para 59.

160 I prefer Mr Sveen’s evidence to Mr Perland’s on this first issue. As the
plaintiff points out, 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PWS at para 29.

Mr Perland cites no authority for his propositions. In any event, on the first
of Mr Perland’s propositions, the plaintiff’s submission is not that the
“specific basis” requirement of Norwegian law “bears upon the interpretation”
of cl 21.1 under Singapore law; 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DWS at para 81.

its submission is that the interpretation of clause 21.1 under Singapore law
bears upon whether a “specific basis” under Norwegian law exists. There is
thus no contradiction between cl 21.1 being governed by Singapore law and yet
having to meet the specific basis requirement of Norwegian law.

161 I therefore hold that the “specific basis” requirement is a rule of
Norwegian company law and applies when examining the effect of cl 21.1 on a
merger under Norwegian company law. Clause 21.1 nevertheless falls to be
interpreted under Singapore law, as the governing law of the Contract.

Clause 21.1 of the Contract

162 Clause 21.1 of the Contract provides as follows: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

JBOD vol 2 at p 821.

21 ASSIGNMENT AND SUBCONTRACTING

21.1 [Hydralift] may not assign the contract or any part thereof or any
benefit interest [sic] therein or thereunder and, for the avoidance of doubt
and without limiting the generality of foregoing [sic], [Hydralift] may not
assign any receivables or any sums due from the company under the terms of the
contract.

163 Clause 21.1 of the Contract does not expressly prohibit a transfer of
rights upon a merger. It expressly prohibits only assignment. The question is
therefore whether a transfer of rights upon a merger comes within the meaning
of the verb “assign” in cl 21.1.

164 The defendant submits that it does. For this submission, the defendant
relies on Stansell Ltd and another v Co-operative Group (CWS) Ltd [2006] 1 WLR
1704 (“Stansell”). On the authority of Stansell, the defendant submits that
“assign” means any voluntary transfer of rights. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 43, lines 7–9.

Its submission is that, as a merger is a voluntary act, a transfer of rights
upon a merger is a voluntary transfer and falls within the meaning of “assign”
in cl 21.1.

165 In Stansell, the English Court of Appeal accepted that the word “assign”
in an anti-assignment clause connoted “an inter vivos disposition by one party
in favour of another as an act of their joint volition” (at [64] and [66]).
While I accept that Stansell is authority for the defendant’s submission, I
have some difficulty with extending the word “assign” to cover a transfer of
rights which takes place by operation of law upon a merger. No doubt that
transfer of rights is the ultimate result of a voluntary act of the transferor
and transferee in passing the resolutions and taking the other steps necessary
to effect the merger. But it seems to me that the natural meaning of the verb
“assign” requires these acts to be the direct cause of the transfer of rights
and not merely an ultimate or indirect cause of the transfer. In other words,
I consider that an assignment requires a voluntary act which, in itself,
directly brings about the transfer of rights. That would exclude a transfer
upon a merger. In a merger, it is the statute or a court order which operates
in law to bring about the transfer of rights. The voluntary acts merely
initiate the process and satisfy the conditions precedent for the statute or
court order to operate to bring about the transfer.

166 This view of assignment is one which both the Court of Appeal and the
judge at first instance rejected in Stansell (at [65]). This view finds some
indirect support, however, in JX Holdings. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PWS at paras 37 and 44.

JX Holdings establishes that a transfer of shares by operation of law upon a
merger is different in legal character from a contractual transfer by the
owner of the shares (at [18]). In that case, Edmund Leow JC held that the
transfer of shares upon a merger is not a “transfer” within the meaning of s
130(1) of the Companies Act but is instead a “transmission” (at [43(d)]). In
other words, the shares vest in the transferee not as a result of “a voluntary
disposition of legal title to the shares brought about by an act of the
shareholder” but as a result of “an automatic devolution of title which takes
place by operation of law upon the occurrence of a legally significant event”
(at [18]).

167 This is also the position taken in a more recent English case decided in
the specific context of both merger and arbitration on facts very similar to
those before me. In A v B [2017] 1 WLR 2030, an Indian company (P) was the
claimant in an arbitration against another company (E). In the course of the
arbitration, P merged with another Indian company (F) by a scheme of
amalgamation under Indian company law. The amalgamation resulted in: (a) F
acquiring P’s entire business as a going concern by operation of Indian law
and (b) P being dissolved and ceasing to exist (at [10]–[11]). The tribunal
allowed F’s application to be substituted for P in the arbitration and
rendered an award in favour of F against E. E applied to the English High
Court to set aside the award on the basis that: (a) the transfer of P’s rights
to F upon the merger operated in English law as an equitable assignment of
those rights by P to F; (b) P failed to give notice of the equitable
assignment to E before P’s dissolution; and (c) the arbitration had therefore
become a nullity upon P’s dissolution.

168 Sir Jeremy Cooke held (at [44]) that there is a well-established
distinction in English law between a transfer of rights upon a scheme of
amalgamation and a transfer of rights upon an assignment. The distinction
turns on whether the rights are transferred wholesale or only by a series of
particular transfers. Only a transfer of the latter type is an assignment.
Further, because the distinction between these two types of transfer is
familiar to English law, the court should observe that distinction when
considering transfers under foreign law, without getting bogged down in the
technical question as to whether the transfers under the foreign law are
considered a true universal succession in the civil law sense (at [45],
italics added):

… It would be wrong to classify [the transfer of the whole undertaking of P to
F] by reference to that English law concept [of equitable assignment],
particularly when the wholesale form of transfer per universitatem in an
amalgamation or merger by statute or order of the court is familiar enough in
[English law] …

169 Following Sir Jeremy’s approach, the division between the experts on the
meaning of “universal succession” or transfer “per universitatem” is
immaterial. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DWS at paras 86–90.

The effect of the Norwegian companies legislation was to transfer “the assets,
rights and obligations” of Hydralift first to NOH and then to the plaintiff
“as a whole”, as Mr Perland says. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

JBOD vol 3 at p 1229, para 45.

On the authority of A v B, I therefore hold that Singapore law does not
consider a wholesale transfer of this type to be an assignment. As a result,
Hydralift did not “assign” its rights under the Contract to the plaintiff via
NOH simply by voluntarily initiating a merger which satisfied the conditions
precedent for this wholesale transfer of rights by operation of Norwegian law.

170 There are two other indicators that the Contract intended to draw a
distinction between what is prohibited by cl 21 and what occurs upon a merger.

171 First, the subject matter of cl 21 is both “Assignment and
Subcontracting”. Subcontracting assumes that the head contractor continues to
exist after entering into the subcontract. That is consistent with “assign”
being limited to a voluntary transfer following which the transferor continues
to exist. That is not what happens under Norwegian law upon a merger.

172 Second, it is of interpretive significance that cl 21.1 makes no reference
to a transfer of Hydralift’s rights upon a reconstruction or amalgamation. As
in A v B (at [18]), the Contract shows that, where the parties intended to
provide for contractual consequences upon a reconstruction or amalgamation,
they did so by expressly using those words. Thus, cl 13.1(c) of the Contract
expressly provides that the defendant has no right to terminate the Contract
on certain grounds if those grounds arise purely for the purpose of
reconstruction or amalgamation. The omission of any similar reference to
reconstruction or amalgamation in cl 21.1 indicates to me that that clause was
not intended to prohibit a transfer of rights upon a merger.

173 For all of these reasons, I find that cl 21.1, on its proper construction
under Singapore law, does not meet the “specific basis” requirement of
Norwegian company law. As a result, cl 21.1 of the Contract does not prevent
the 2004 mergers transferring Hydralift’s rights under the arbitration
agreement to the plaintiff via NOH.

Effect of cl 21.1 on the arbitration

174 The result of my finding is that Hydralift’s rights under the Contract,
and in particular its right to arbitrate a counterclaim arising from the
Contract, are now vested in the plaintiff. But that does not assist the
plaintiff in enforcing this award. This result means only that, if the
defendant had commenced this arbitration against the plaintiff in 2007, the
plaintiff would then have had a right to bring a counterclaim against the
defendant and would now be entitled to enforce an award against the defendant
on the counterclaim. It does not mean that the plaintiff was in substance the
respondent to the arbitration or that the plaintiff is in substance the
creditor under the award.

175 I accept the defendant’s submission that, even if the plaintiff was the
transferee of Hydralift’s rights under the arbitration agreement, it remains
the case that the plaintiff cannot: (a) enforce an award which the tribunal
intended to and did issue in favour of Hydralift; and (b) cannot enforce an
award arising from an arbitration which was a nullity from the outset. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DWS at para 64; Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 34, lines 11–18.

Did the plaintiff make full and frank disclosure?

176 The final question the defendant poses (see [19] above) is a procedural
one. The defendant submits that leave to enforce the award should be set aside
because the plaintiff did not make full and frank disclosure to the court when
it applied ex parte for that leave. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DWS at paras 22, 25 and 109.

177 It is common ground that an applicant has a duty to make full and frank
disclosure to the court on an ex parte application of all matters which might
be material to the application, and which are reasonably within its knowledge,
even if those matters are prejudicial to its claim (The “Vasiliy Golovnin”
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 (“The “Vasiliy Golovnin””) at [83]). A matter is material
to an application if the judge ought to know that matter when dealing with the
application or, to put it another way, if knowing the matter will enable the
judge to make an informed decision on the application, even if the matter may
not be determinative or decisive (The “Vasiliy Golovnin” at [86] and [87]).
The duty of full and frank disclosure requires applicant’s counsel to bring
those material matters to the court’s specific attention (The “Vasiliy
Golovnin” at [91] and [94]).

178 The defendant submits that the plaintiff failed to make full and frank
disclosure of three material matters:

(a) First, the plaintiff failed to disclose the facts which establish that
both the plaintiff and the defendant objectively intended the respondent in
the arbitration to be Hydralift, not the plaintiff. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DWS at para 110.

The plaintiff also failed to disclose: (i) that it had represented in the
arbitration that Hydralift continued to exist as a legal person 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 46, line 22 to p 47, line 8.

and (ii) that it had made no application to the tribunal to correct
Hydralift’s name in the arbitration or the award. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 47, lines 17–21.

Instead, contrary to the facts, the plaintiff presented this case as a simple
case of misnomer.

(b) Second, the plaintiff failed to disclose that the defendant had available
to it a potential defence: that cl 21.1 of the Contract prevented a transfer
of Hydralift’s rights under the arbitration agreement to the plaintiff. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DWS at para 111.

(c) Third, the plaintiff failed to disclose that it is not the same legal
person as Hydralift. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DWS at para 112; Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 46, lines 5–12.

Instead, by describing itself in the title to this application as “National
Oilwell Varco Norway AS (formerly known as Hydralift AS)”, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

JBOD vol 1 at p 2.

the plaintiff positively misrepresented that it was the same legal person as
Hydralift. Further, the plaintiff failed to disclose that it knew at all
material times that it was not the same legal person as Hydralift, as
established by its extraordinary conduct in the related litigation (see [129]
above). 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

DWS at para 112.

179 I do not accept that the plaintiff failed to make full and frank
disclosure of the first and second matters. As the plaintiff submits, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 128, lines 16–23.

the duty of full and frank disclosure does not require an applicant to
disclose every conceivable material fact or to anticipate and pre-empt every
conceivable legal argument. The duty extends only to those facts which an
applicant can reasonably ascertain and to potential defences that it can
reasonably anticipate (at [87]–[88]). Even then, the duty extends only to
those facts which the court would consider material, not those which the
opposing party would consider material. Further, I accept that the duty to
make full and frank disclosure must be assessed against what the applicant
knows of the facts and of the opposing party’s likely defences at the time of
the ex parte application, and ought not to be assessed in hindsight in light
of all of the defences which the opposing party eventually raises when the
application is heard inter partes and after exchanging affidavits.

180 Mr Jensen’s affidavit in support of the ex parte application quite
properly drew the court’s attention to the material facts and to the defences
that the defendant’s solicitors had raised up to that point in the post-award
correspondence. Three pages of Mr Jensen’s 22-page affidavit are devoted to
summarising and quoting key parts of the post-award correspondence in which
each party made factual allegations and took legal positions. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

JBOD vol 1 at pp 21–24, para 50(a)–(l).

These included: (a) the defendant’s position that the plaintiff had no
standing to participate in the arbitration because it was not Hydralift and
because Hydralift had ceased to exist in October 2004; and (b) the plaintiff’s
response that it had the necessary standing because it had succeeded to all of
Hydralift’s rights and obligations.

181 I therefore find that the plaintiff did not fail to make full and frank
disclosure on the first two matters.

182 On the third matter, it was and is clearly incorrect for the plaintiff to
describe itself in the title to this application as having been formerly known
by Hydralift’s name (see [27] above). The plaintiff suggests, on the authority
of Velstra Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Dexia Bank NV (formerly known as Artesia
Banking Corp NV) [2004] 1 SLR(R) 653, that this is the correct way to reflect
the result of a merger in the title to proceedings. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DWS at para 96.

That case is no authority to that effect. In any event, whatever may have been
done or not done in past cases, for whatever reasons, the assertion that one
company was formerly known by a different name is a factual assertion. Whether
the factual assertion is true or false turns on the facts, not on precedent.
In this case, as I have pointed out, the plaintiff was never known at any time
by Hydralift’s name.

183 Nevertheless, Mr Jensen’s affidavit supporting the ex parte application
did disclose that the plaintiff and Hydralift were two different legal persons
with two different names. As the plaintiff points out, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript 22 September 2020 at p 126, lines 8–21.

the first section of Mr Jensen’s affidavit disclosed expressly: (a) the entire
history of the corporate events affecting Hydralift; (b) that Hydralift was
struck off in October 2004 as a result of its merger with NOH; and (c) that
“the [a]cquiring company” in Hydralift’s merger with NOH was later renamed
“National Oilwell Varco Norway AS”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

JBOD vol 1 at pp 7–8, paras 5–9.

184 I am therefore satisfied that the plaintiff discharged its duty to make
full and frank disclosure of material facts even on this third matter. This is
not a ground on which to set aside the plaintiff’s leave to enforce the award.

Conclusion

185 The final result is that I have allowed the defendant’s application and
set aside the plaintiff’s leave to enforce the award on three independent
grounds.

186 First (see [35] above), the tribunal objectively intended to and did issue
the award in favour of Hydralift, not the plaintiff. Under 19 of the Act, I
have no power to allow the plaintiff to enforce an award which the tribunal
did not intend to issue and did not issue in the plaintiff’s favour.

187 Second (see [115] and [133] above), both parties objectively intended to
use Hydralift’s name in the arbitration to refer only to Hydralift and not to
the plaintiff. Neither party therefore made any mistake as to Hydralift’s name
or as to its identity. Hydralift having ceased to exist as a legal person long
before the arbitration commenced, the arbitration was a nullity from the
outset. The award is also a nullity and cannot be the subject of enforcement
under s 19 of the Act.

188 Third, the plaintiff is estopped by its representations in the arbitration
and in the related litigation from denying that Hydralift was the respondent
in the arbitration.

189 Costs follow the event. I have therefore ordered the plaintiff to pay the
defendant its costs of and incidental to this application, such costs fixed at
$20,000. I have also ordered the plaintiff to pay the defendant its reasonable
disbursements, such disbursements to be taxed if not agreed.

190 I have allowed the defendant’s application with great reluctance. This
arbitration took 12 long years. There was no impediment in the arbitration to
the defendant presenting its case or to the plaintiff presenting Hydralift’s
case. Therefore, the fact that Hydralift had ceased to exist before the
arbitration was commenced does not, in itself, detract from the tribunal’s
resolution of the parties’ dispute or from the procedure which it followed in
doing so. That is no doubt why the defendant did not apply to set the award
aside.

191 My decision now to refuse enforcement sets to nought all of the time,
money, effort and other resources which the parties and the tribunal have
expended over 12 years. In addition, the limitation period for any fresh
arbitration on the same claim and counterclaim has long since expired.

192 Despite all these misgivings, the logic of the defendant’s case and the
persuasiveness with which counsel for the defendant has presented it compels
me to set aside the plaintiff’s leave to enforce the award. The only
consolation is that the predicament in which the plaintiff finds itself now is
entirely the result of its own extraordinary decision, sustained over 12
years, to impersonate Hydralift both in the arbitration and in the related
litigation.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

John Seow, Kelvin Poon, Aleksandar Georgiev and Kristin Ng (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff;

Wendy Lin, Goh Wei Wei and Ling Jia Yu (WongPartnership LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jun 2021 (13:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

