Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 38

Divorce (Transferred) No 2664 of 2019

Between

VXQ

… Plaintiff

And

VXR

… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VXQ

  
v

  

VXR

[2021] SGHCF 38

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred)
No 2664 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
22 September, 15 October 2021

11 November 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff wife (“the Wife”) and the defendant husband (“the Husband”)
were married in the United States in 1998. They lived in Singapore from 2003
and 2019, when the Wife had a job here. They have both returned to the United
States of America (“US”), and are now living in Florida. They commenced
divorce proceedings in 2019, when they were still in Singapore, and interim
judgment was entered on 10 December 2019. Their marriage of 21 years bore them
a child who is now 20 years old, pursuing her tertiary education in the US.

2 The Husband is an IT professional, and the Wife, a marketing professional.
The Husband has held various IT positions since he graduated from university,
but says that he has not been employed since June 2020 as he is reading for a
master’s degree in data science. Thus, he says that he will not have any
income for the foreseeable future. The Wife used to be a vice-President of a
marketing firm, but was eventually self-employed. Custody, care and control is
not an issue, as parties have entered a consent judgment at the time of
interim judgment that they have joint custody of the child, with care and
control to the Wife until when the child commences tertiary education.

3 On the issue of matrimonial assets division, the value of the assets in
joint names is undisputed. But the Husband claims that the Wife’s assets are
undervalued, while the Wife wants the Husband to account for $36,811.14, being
value of the Microsoft stocks that he used to own. The assets in the Husband’s
name amount to $449,165.90. The parties agreed that the exchange ratio for the
USD dollar to SGD shall be 1:1.32 for the purposes of these proceedings.

4 The matrimonial home in Singapore was sold on 16 May 2019. The proceeds,
amounting to $2,889,130.77 are held by the lawyers pending the disposal of the
ancillary matters. In January 2021, the Husband and Wife entered a consent
order to withdraw $600,000 from the sale proceeds. They have each received
$108,327.68, after paying off the relevant agreed tax liabilities. After
deducting this sum, the remaining proceeds should thus be $2,289,130.77. They
also have a piece of property in Florida (“the Florida Property”), where the
Husband currently resides in. Based on parties’ valuation as of May 2021, the
Florida Property is worth $1,032,410.28. There is an outstanding mortgage of
$395,227. For the purpose of the Judgment, I will adopt the net value of
$637,183.28 for the estimated value of the Florida Property.

5 The Wife’s counsel submits that the total pool of matrimonial assets, taking
into account parties’ joint and respective liabilities, is $4,688,005.91. The
Husband disputes several items that the Wife has excluded from the pool of
matrimonial assets. He contends that the assets in the Wife’s name amount to
$2,212,246.15, instead of the figure the Wife suggests, which is
$1,181,693.41.

6 Both parties have made submissions that certain shares disposed of by the
other spouse should be added back to the pool. I reiterate the court’s
observations in TNL v TNK and another appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR
609. Where one spouse has expended substantial sums after interim judgment but
before the ancillaries are concluded, these sums must be returned to the asset
pool if the other party has at least a putative interest in them and has not
agreed to such an expenditure. These sums are to be added regardless of
whether such an expenditure is an attempt to dissipate assets, or was for the
benefit of the children. But these sums need not include daily run-of-the-mill
expenses. This means that the court also needs to take into account the
reasonable expenses by parties. In this case, the Husband and Wife both have
periods of unemployment such that it would only be fair to both that such
reasonable expenses be considered. The Husband says that he has not been
employed since April 2019, and the Wife was not employed from June 2019 to
November 2020.

7 The Wife also had stock under her Fidelity account, and her Morgan Stanley
account, but says that she had sold some of the shares after the interim
judgment to provide for her and her child:

(a) Janus stock funds, valued at US$108,705.77 as at December 2019
($143,491.62);

(b) Jones Lang Laselle 401k shares: valued at US$763,514.99 as at 31 May 2020,
which is the closest to the date of the interim judgment ($1,091,826.44);

(c) C&W shares: valued at $104,456.59, including shares valued at US$53,899.37
as at 31 March 2020 ($71,147.17) plus US$25,234.41 ($33,309.42) sold by the
Wife on 30 July 2019 and 15 November 2019; and

(d) Morgan Stanley account: valued at US$51,071.68 ($67,414.62), based on the
sum of the shares sold by the Wife on 9 September 2019, 2 October 2019, and 1
November 2019.

8 From January 2020 to June 2020, the Wife sold some of her shares to a total
of US$102,000 (around $134,640) but that was after the interim judgment.
Therefore, as at the date of the interim judgment, those assets were part of
the matrimonial pool. The Wife neither disputes the value nor the fact that
the shares were only sold after the interim judgment. Her riposte is that she
had to liquidate the shares because the Husband refused to pay maintenance for
her and the child, or to purchase the new house in Florida for her and the
child to live in — but maintenance for the Child is a separate matter and does
not affect my decision that these shares were part of the matrimonial assets.

9 Having had sight of the Wife’s affidavit of asset and means, I find that the
Wife’s expenses of $5,100 (including her payment for the Florida Property
mortgage) to be reasonable expenses for the period of December 2019 to
September 2020, when she was renting. Since the Husband is occupying the
Florida Property, she would need to rent another place for her and the Child.
She stopped renting from September 2020, when she bought her own home in
Florida. It would not be fair to the Husband that the mortgage payment for
this new house is accounted for in these proceedings, since the new house
would be in the Wife’s name and the Husband has never agreed to that purchase.
Hence, from October 2020 to November 2021, the expenses excluding the rental
expenses amount to $97,200. Hence, for the purpose of determining what forms
part of the matrimonial assets, and their value, I will deduct the expenses
from the disposal of the IRA shares, and add back $46,000 for the Janus IRA
shares; I will also add the C&W shares and the Morgan Stanley shares back to
the matrimonial pool.

10 As for the Wife’s salary and bonus, which amount to a total of $221,875.66,
the Husband claims that the Wife had concealed them. But they are in plain
sight, to be found in the Wife’s Citibank bank statements. I am not minded to
add them back to the matrimonial pool, as what was in the Wife’s Citibank
account has been factored in. On the Wife’s jewellery, the Wife accepts that
the total amount amounts to US$7,850 ($10,362).

11 The Husband also argued that their three horses, Puffin, Henri and Sammi,
should form part of the matrimonial pool because they were purchased using
joint funds. However, as these are horses for the Child’s equestrian training,
and the Husband has not provided any evidence of the value of the horses,
except their purchase price, which is not indicative of their value, I will
not take them into account for the purpose of matrimonial asset division. They
can be considered trust items for the benefit of their daughter who is still
riding them. No one knows for how long, nor how long the horses can continue.
I am certain that unlike motorcars, they are unlikely to have any antique
value. It is more likely that the parties are going to end up quarrelling over
the costs of putting them to pasture.

12 As for the Husband’s assets, the Husband used to own shares in Microsoft.
The Wife claims that as at 29 February 2020, there was a balance of
US$25,923.34 ($34,218.81) in the Husband’s account, which has been liquidated.
The Husband should therefore account for the same. But the Husband claims that
he had to sell the shares to support his living expenses. Based on the
Husband’s affidavit of assets and means, I find that $34,218.81 would have
been used for his reasonable expenses. Thus, I exercise my discretion not to
include this in the pool of matrimonial assets.

13 The figures I have adopted in the figure below are based on the parties’
Joint Summary Table. In the light of my findings regarding the assets held in
parties’ sole names, the total value of the matrimonial asset pool is:

S/N| Manner of Holding | Asset | Net Value / in SGD  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | Joint Names | Matrimonial home | 2,889,130.77   
2\. | Florida Property (net value after mortgage payment)| 637,183.28  
3\. | BBVA Account | $1,915.08  
Total assets in joint names| $3,528,229.13  
1\. | Husband’s Name |  Car | 26,400.00   
2\. |  UOB Bank account| 9.50   
3\. |  Citibank Bank account| (933.73)   
4\. |  IRA (US Retirement Account)| 39,645.74   
5\. |  CPF (Ordinary Account)| 193,323.48   
6\. |  CPF (Special Account)| 131,858.28   
7\. |  CPF (Medisave)| 58,655.26   
Total assets in the Husband’s Name| $448,958.53  
1\. | Wife’s Name | Citibank Checking Account No. ending 2628 | 361.27   
2\. | BBVA Checking Account No. ending 2468 | 201.00   
3\. |  CPF Ordinary Account| 6,079.98   
4\. |  CPF Special Account| 2,080.78   
5\. |  CPF Medisave Account| 4,067.84   
6\. | Fidelity - Janus IRA | 46,000   
7\. | Fidelity / Jones Lang LaSelle 401k | 1,091,826.44   
8\. | Fidelity / C&W | 104,456.59   
9\. | Jones Lange LaSalle Equity/ Morgan Stanley | 67,414.62   
10\. | Jewellery| 10,362  
Total Value of Wife’s Assets| $1,332,850.52  
Total Value of Matrimonial Assets| $5,310,038.18  
  
14 There is no dispute that since they have fully paid off their US and
Singapore income taxes, their total liabilities would be $132,643.32. Hence,
the total value of the matrimonial assets less the liabilities would be
$5,177,395.

15 I turn now to address the issue of parties’ respective direct and indirect
contributions. The Husband submitted that there should be an equal division of
assets. The Wife sought 30:70 in her favour because she had contributed more,
financially and non-financially.

16 In terms of direct financial contribution, the Wife’s counsel submits that
the Wife had always deposited the full amount of her salaries into the joint
account until October 2018, when she opened her own Citibank account, and it
was the Husband who determined how their joint incomes would be used for
household expenses since he managed the household finances. The Husband,
however, claims that the Wife started crediting her salary into a separate
account in October 2018, without his knowledge.

17 For the matrimonial home, the Wife’s claim is that this was paid for from
their joint account, where their salaries and funds commingled. Hence, the
Wife’s counsel submits that the direct financial contribution was 70:30 as
between the Wife and Husband, in accordance with the ratio of their respective
incomes. The Wife was more consistently employed than the Husband, and earned
substantially more during the marriage. The Wife relied on a report from a US
certified public accountant, who reviewed parties’ tax documents between 1999
and 2019. He reports that the Wife earned a total of US$4,786,524, and the
Husband, US$2,173,406.47. The Wife claims that she also cashed out part of her
Morgan Stanley stock to make the down payment of $56,545.50 in 2007. For the
Florida Property, she had used $75,767.44 out her stock holdings towards the
down payment on 31 May 2011.

18 As for indirect contribution, the Wife claims that throughout the marriage,
she held higher paid jobs than the Husband, and her entire salary was
deposited into the joint account, which was used for their living expenses,
paying for their helper, and their holidays and trips. The Husband, however,
was uncommitted to holding down a job despite his qualifications. In addition,
the Wife claims that the Husband had refused to pay for the Child’s
maintenance since May 2019. As a result, she has been bearing the Child’s
living expenses alone. She also claims to be the primary caregiver of the
Child, supporting the Child’s passions and ambitions in equestrian sports,
while the Husband was less involved in the family’s activities.

19 The Husband’s position on the division of matrimonial assets is that it
should be a 50:50 split. The Husband agreed that this accountant’s report was
reflective of parties’ respective incomes, but he disagrees that this would be
reflective of their respective contributions to the household. For the
matrimonial home, he claims that they contributed equally for the 20% down
payment of $240,000. He also claims that he had paid for 100% of the monthly
mortgage, with money from his UOB account where his salary was credited to.
Thus, he should be entitled to 75% of the proceeds of sale from the sale of
the matrimonial home. For the Florida Property, he claims that this was
financed in equal shares. As for the mortgage payments, he says that he would
usually transfer funds from their Citibank joint account (XXXXXX1577) to the
US BBVA account (XXXXXX0422) to pay. Since November 2019, parties bore the
mortgage payment equally.

20 Both the Matrimonial Home and the Florida Property were financed using the
joint account of the parties. But since December 2020, the Wife stopped
contributing her half-share of the mortgage payment of the Florida Property as
the Husband denied her access to the property. The Wife claims that the
financing of the Florida Property was not borne equally. The down payment was
paid using with the cashing of her stock in the amount of $75,767.44, while
the remaining was from the joint account. She adds that it was only from
November 2019 that they contributed to the monthly mortgage in equal
proportions. Prior to that, the monthly mortgage was paid using the joint
account. The Husband denied the Wife’s allegation that he denied her access to
the Florida Property, as he had told the child that the child would always be
welcome to stay with him in the Florida Property. As a result of the Wife’s
failure to contribute to the monthly mortgage payments, he had paid a total of
USD$3,610 for the property as at January 2021.

21 I will now decide what they contributed, and how it should best be
apportioned, with fairness being the guiding principle. I will first determine
the parties’ direct contributions relative to each other, having regard to the
amount of financial contribution each party made towards the acquisition or
improvement of the matrimonial assets. Secondly, I will determine parties’
indirect contributions relative to each other, having regard to both financial
and non-financial contributions. The overall contributions by parties would be
based on an average of the two ratios, but adjustments have to be made for the
direct and indirect contributions. Other relevant factors include the duration
of marriage, and the relative income of the parties. The court often has to
take a broad-brush approach especially when it is not possible to account for
every single item in the family’s account book. And that is certainly the case
here because in the course of their twenty-year marriage, they have mostly
used their joint accounts for both the acquisition of matrimonial assets, and
for the family’s expenditure.

22 In terms of direct financial contribution, there is no evidence on either
side as to how they each contributed to the down payments of the two
properties. The Wife claims that she has sold off her shares to pay for the
down payments. But there is no evidence that the sale proceeds from the shares
were in fact used for the down payments. Similarly, there is no evidence to
back up the Husband’s claim that he paid for 100% of the mortgage payments for
the matrimonial home.

23 The mortgage payments for the matrimonial home in Singapore were made from
their joint account from October 2007 until 2017. After September 2017,
mortgage payments were made using the Husband’s UOB account where he deposited
his salary. The Wife’s suggestion that there was some commingling of funds is
not without basis; she pointed to seven transactions in 2017 and 2019
amounting to $34,000 where funds were transferred from parties’ joint account
to the Husband’s UOB account. For the year 2018, I accept that the mortgage
payments were made using the Husband’s monies. For the Florida Property, the
evidence indicates that the parties paid equally for the mortgage starting
from November 2019. Prior to that, it was paid using their joint account in
the US.

24 Taking into account parties’ income difference, the lack of evidence of how
the down payments were made, and that the Husband had contributed to the
mortgage payments of the matrimonial home, I incline to a 60:40 ratio for
parties’ direct financial contribution, in favour of the Wife.

25 In terms of indirect contributions, the Wife, who is better paid than the
Husband, has contributed more to the joint account, which was used for the
family’s expenditure, including their helper, the Child’s living expenses and
etc. The Husband pointed out that the Wife had spent more, which led to his
decision to take up the loans in his sole name to pay back the Wife’s credit
card bills. As for non-financial contributions, both have contributed to the
upbringing of their Child. When they first moved to Singapore in 2002, the
Husband was unemployed and took care of the Child. The Wife was also active in
coordinating in the Child’s schedule to attend different classes, preparing
the Child for the equestrian competitions. Although there is no clear evidence
as to who the primary caretaker was, I can infer from the little there is,
that the daughter seemed closer to the Wife. It can thus be inferred that the
Wife contributed at least more than the Husband in the bringing up of their
child.

26 In light of the above, I am inclined to a 60:40 ratio in terms of indirect
contributions. Though the Wife is better paid, the Husband also contributed
substantially to both parties’ tax liabilities and household expenses. A 60:40
ratio would broadly capture their respective contributions.

27 I therefore hold that the overall ratio of their respective contributions
is 60:40. This would mean that the Husband is entitled to $2,070,958, and the
Wife to $3,106,437. Parties are to retain assets in their sole names, which
leaves the assets in their joint names for division, namely the sale proceeds
of $2,289,130.77 from the sale proceeds of the matrimonial home, and the
Florida Property with an estimated value of $637,183.28. Taking into account
the assets they retained in their sole names, and the sale proceeds they have
withdrawn ($600,000), the ratio after they retained their individual assets is
around 53:47 in favour of the Wife. I shall give effect to parties’ respective
entitlement in the following manner:

(a) With respect to the remaining sale proceeds of $2,289,130.77, parties are
entitled to a 60:40 split. The Wife would receive $1,373,478.46, and the
Husband $915,652.31.

(b) As for the Florida Property, since the Husband is residing in the said
property, he could either pay the Wife $255,000, which is around 40% of the
value of the Florida Property, for the latter to transfer her shares in the
Florida Property to him, with him bearing the expenses of the transfer. Or the
house should be sold in open market, and the proceeds to be divided 40:60, in
favour of the Husband.

28 As for maintenance for the Wife, the Wife asked that the Husband pay a
monthly sum of $1,500 for five years from the date of this judgment until the
Wife turns 65 years old. The Husband, however, objects to this, as the Wife is
gainfully employed while the Husband is not, and the Wife is likely to earn
significantly for the foreseeable future. I agree with the Husband that this
is not a case where the Wife has no earning capacity, and thus no maintenance
for the Wife is needed.

29 On the issue of maintenance for the Child, there was a court order dated 23
February 2021 which states that the Husband shall transfer a sum of $63,727.30
to the Wife to be utilised for the Child’s expenses. The Wife claims that the
Husband has failed to pay for the said sum, and as a result, the Wife has been
the sole provider for the Child.

30 For the maintenance of the Child, the Wife asks that the Husband contribute
S$2,189.50 per month towards the Child’s expenses until she concludes her
four-year tertiary education. Further, instead of paying for the Child’s
maintenance monthly, the Wife’s counsel submits that parties shall each pay
one lump sum of $100,000 (estimated to be the Child’s expenses for 48 months),
to be taken from their respective shares of sale proceeds from the matrimonial
home, to the Child’s account. In addition, the Wife asks that the Husband pay
the maintenance for the Child for the following period:

(a) May 2019 to December 2020, in the sum of $106,212, being half of the
Child’s total expenses of $220,658 spent during her gap year in New Zealand;
and

(b) January 2021 to August 2021, in the sum of $17,516, for the Child’s
expenses.

31 With respect to the child’s gap year expenses amounting to $220,658, I note
that the Husband has previously agreed to pay for 30% of the expenses in SUM
218 of 2020. Although the Wife should have applied for enforcement of the
consent order, I would deal with all matters relating to maintenance of the
Child to put this protracted dispute to an end by making the following orders:

(a) The Husband is to pay for 30% share of the child’s gap year expenses from
May 2019 to December 2020 ($63,727.30);

(b) The Husband has had sight of the Child’s expense table, and mostly
challenged the expenses relating to the horses. I will deduct items that are
not entirely supported by affidavit evidence. This includes the telephone
bills and the medical expenses. The telephone bills amounting to $160 per
month is excessive for one person, and should be shared between the Wife and
Child. The Wife also did not substantiate how the medical expenses amounted to
$600 per month for the Child. Though the expenses for the horses amount to
more than $2,000, I do not think them excessive in light of the
contemporaneous record the Wife exhibited for the livery costs, and since the
Husband expressed his support for the Child’s equestrian activities. Hence,
based on the value provided by the Wife which is $4,361, I shall deduct a
total of $530 from the expenses. This would amount to $1,915.5 payable by the
Husband; and

(c) I will backdate the maintenance order to January 2021. The Husband is to
reimburse the Wife for his share of the Child’s expenses from January 2021 to
the date of this Judgment. Hence, the Husband is to reimburse the Wife for
January 2021 to October 2021, which amounts to $19,155.

(d) I am of the view that parties should deposit half of the Child’s future
expenses into the Child’s bank account directly. This continues until the
Child finishes her tertiary education. As the Child has commenced tertiary
education, this will be the future expenses for the next four years, which
would amount to $91,944. This would be borne by parties equally.

32 I make no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Cheryl Cheong Siao Ling and Sara Binte Abdul Aziz (Gloria James-Civetta & Co)
for the Wife;  
The Husband in person and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Nov 2021 (14:20 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

