Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 25

District Court Appeal No 91 of 2020

Between

TWM  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

TWN  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family Law] — [Custody] — [Care and control]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TWM

  

v

  

TWN

[2021] SGHCF 25

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 91 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
13 July 2021

27 July 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal by the Husband against the decision by the District Judge
(“DJ”) below in the Family Justice Courts in relation to the division of
assets, maintenance for the children, and care and control of the children.

2 This is a marriage of eight and a half years. The Husband runs pubs as a
business. He is 45 years old and the Wife is 34. She works as a flight
stewardess. They were married in October 2008. They have two children, a son
born in April 2010, and a daughter in January 2013. The Husband commenced
divorce proceedings in the middle of July 2016. The interim judgment was
entered into on 6 April 2017. The children are 10 years and 7 years old
respectively when the DJ delivered the decision on ancillary matters on 30
September 2020.

3 In terms of the division of matrimonial assets, the DJ ordered 53.5:46.5 in
favour of the Wife. The DJ found that it was a dual-income marriage, and
followed the decision in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 in apportioning the
assets.

4 The Husband’s counsel submitted that the DJ failed to consider the express
wishes of the children, erred in finding that there was a dual-income
marriage, erred by drawing an adverse inference against the Husband for his
failure to make full and frank disclosure of his assets, and should not have
awarded an uplift of 5% to the Wife.

5 As of the date of interim judgment on 6 April 2017, the total value of the
assets in the matrimonial pool was $922,681.39, The bulk of which is the
matrimonial home, a private flat located at Compassvale. The court accepted
the valuation of the matrimonial home as $1,190,000. The flat was purchased
for $1,072,900 in 2012. This was paid for with a down payment from the Husband
and Wife. The remaining assets amounted to $502,507.01, including parties’ CPF
accounts, bank savings. In dividing the matrimonial assets, the DJ added
parties’ respective investments back into the pool. This includes the
following:

(a) The CT Unit investment: The Husband and Wife jointly invested in this
condominium unit registered in the sole name of the Husband’s friend, Liew.
The DJ found that the evidence supports the Wife’s claim that she contributed
$59,000 to the purchase of this unit and thus added the said sum back to the
assets of the Wife, and added $87,447 (the difference between the down payment
for the purchase and the Wife’s investment sum) back to the Husband’s assets.
The DJ disbelieved the Husband’s evidence that the balance sum he contributed
to the purchase of the CT Unit was for repayment of loans due to Liew.

(b) The Botanique Unit investment: The Husband invested in another condominium
unit which was registered in the sole name of [NZS], the Husband’s friend. The
Husband was found to have contributed $75,457 to the purchase of this Unit in
September 2015, which the DJ then added to the matrimonial pool. The DJ also
disbelieved the Husband that the sum was repayments for loans owed to NZS, and
noted that there was no supporting document of any loans owed by the Husband
to NZS, nor any cheques evidencing such loans.

(c) TPE investment: The Wife and Husband also held investments in a pub
business which operate under the trade name “TPE”. The Wife contributed
$18,000 in TPE, which was added to the matrimonial pool as part of the assets
of the Wife for division.

6 The DJ drew an adverse inference against the Husband for failing to provide
full and frank disclosure of his assets. The evidence did not support his
assertion that his pub business (SH Pub) was bad. The financial documents
relating to one SH Pub and one IN Bar were not forthcoming. He claimed to have
sold off SH Pub to one “ENG”, who is a good friend of the Husband for $50,000
as of September 2016, without providing any documentary evidence of the
payment by ENG. He allegedly sold off IN Bar to ENG at the same time, but this
was not mentioned in his affidavit as of 30 November 2016. ENG was ordered to
produce financial statements of SH Pub and IN Bar but could not produce any
accounts or financial statements. There were other non-disclosures by the
Husband in relation to his involvement in TPE. The evidenced produced by the
Wife contradicted the Husband’s statement that he did not invest monies in
TPE, and TPE was similarly transferred to another party and the management
accounts were similarly thrown away after the sale. All these non-disclosures
compelled the DJ to draw an adverse inference by awarding the Wife an uplift
of 5% in the final ratio for the division of matrimonial assets.

7 The Husband’s counsel submitted that the DJ erred in disregarding the loan
by the Husband’s brother that funded the purchase of the matrimonial home, and
in finding that this was a dual-income marriage, and, further, that she erred
in drawing an adverse inference against the Husband. Thus, he submitted that
the division ought to be 65:35 in favour of the Husband.

8 I do not find that the DJ has erred. With respect to the alleged loan from
the Husband’s brother, the DJ was right in finding that there was no basis to
include such an amount from the matrimonial assets. The Husband claimed that
his brother had helped him pay $1,848.69 every month towards the mortgage of
the matrimonial home since September 2015, and relied on a purported loan
agreement dated 1 September 2016 signed by the Husband and his brother
(“YTL”). The alleged loan agreement was signed one year after the loan
commenced; the said agreement is lacking in details, such as the duration of
the loan and how much the loan was. The Husband also stated on affidavit that
there is no documentary evidence of YTL’s payment for these loans because YTL
had paid him in cash. Indeed, the Husband’s counsel could not prove this loan
agreement. All he could do was to assert that the DJ had no basis to find the
loan questionable merely “because of the date of the loan agreement, and
lacking specifics and that [the Husband’s brother] did not file an affidavit”.

9 I do not think that the DJ erred in finding that this was a dual-income
family. The Wife was a full-time flight attendant at the time of the marriage
in October 2018, and continued until she was pregnant with the elder son in
August 2009. After she gave birth to the elder son, she worked for the Husband
at the pub, and was paid for her employment between 2011 and 2012. After
giving birth to the daughter in January 2013, she went back to help the
Husband at the pub from June 2013 to November 2015. Thereafter, she left the
matrimonial home and continued to work full-time in June 2016 as a flight
attendant. The disparity of parties’ income is an issue in determining their
respective contributions, and does not change the finding that this was a
dual-income marriage.

10 In relation to the sums of $59,000 and $87,447 the DJ added them back to
the pool. She did not contravene UDA v UDB and another [2018] 1 SLR 1015 (“UDA
v UDB”). In that case, the Court of Appeal held that a third party claiming an
interest in any property alleged to be a matrimonial asset is entitled to have
his rights ruled on by the court, but the third party has to commence
independent civil proceedings against either or both spouses for a declaration
as to his interest and other relief, as section 112 of the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) does not confer power upon the family court to
adjudicate a third party’s claim in respect of that asset. Where the property
is legally owned by the third party, it is also open to either spouse to start
a separate legal action against the third party to have his or her rights in
the asset determined.

11 In this case, however, the prohibition in UDA v UDB does not apply because
the DJ below was not considering whether the CT Unit and the Botanique Unit
were matrimonial assets, nor was the DJ ruling on the legal ownership of the
properties. But rather, the DJ exercised the discretion under s 112(2) of the
Women’s Charter to add the sums the Husband and Wife contributed to the
purchase of these properties back to the matrimonial pool as the Husband and
Wife’s respective investments. For the CT Unit, the Husband acknowledged the
payment of the principal sum in his WhatsApp exchange with the Wife when
parties tried to resolve their asset division. This contradicted what he had
stated on affidavit that he had “no involvement whatsoever” in the CT Unit. He
also sought to explain away the Wife’s $50,000 contribution as a guise to get
the Wife to re-pay him money owed to him. Liew’s explanation is similarly
lacking in credibility that he had extended cash loans of close to $170,000 to
the Husband without any underlying loan agreements. For the Botanique Unit,
the Husband issued three cheques in favour of the developer for the purchase
of the said unit. This again contradicted what the Husband stated on affidavit
that he had “no involvement whatsoever” in the Botanique Unit. There was
similarly no underlying loan agreement between NZS and the Husband to prove
the purported loans from NZS to the Husband.

12 In any event, the Husband and third parties involved had the option to
start separate proceedings to establish their beneficial ownership, and to
stay the s 112 proceedings. The fact that they did not do so does not preclude
the DJ from taking into account the evidence that the Husband had contributed
to those properties.

13 The Husband’s counsel also contended that the TPE investment by the Wife
should not be added to the matrimonial pool, as the Wife has rights as a
shareholder of TPE to enforce her claim. Whether the Wife has rights as a
shareholder of TPE is not the issue. The issue is whether the Wife’s
contribution to TPE is an investment that should be considered as a
matrimonial asset. I agree with the DJ’s view that it is. Hence, I find no
basis to disturb the DJ’s decision on the division of matrimonial assets.

14 As for the care and control of the children, the Husband’s counsel
submitted (in less respectful terms) that the DJ failed to consider the
express wishes of the children, and ought to have interviewed the children,
and not just rely on the Child Representative Report (“the CR Report”). The
judicial interview of children is an important option in our judge-led family
justice system. It is within the judge’s discretion to decide whether such an
interview should be conducted, taking into account the advantages as well as
limitations of judicial interview. Ultimately, the judge decides how best to
ascertain the views and wishes of the children, and the judge is under no duty
to interview the children. It is not for counsel to assert, as counsel did in
this case, that the DJ ought to have conducted an interview. There are, if
need be, polite ways to make the point. For example, counsel might submit,
“Had the children been interviewed, the court would have found ...” In this
case, the DJ’s reliance on the CR Report in no way means that the DJ has
failed to ascertain the wishes and views of the children. Further, in addition
to the CR Report, the DJ also had the benefit of a social welfare report
ordered by the court in Summons 3973/2017. The DJ also considered the
stability and continuity of the current arrangements, with the Wife having
sole care and control of the children. There is thus no indication that the DJ
has failed to consider the best interests of the children in making orders for
care and control and access.

15 In relation to the maintenance of the children, the DJ awarded $840 for the
elder son, and $600 for the younger daughter. The Husband’s counsel submitted
that it should be $400 for each child. No justification was given as to why a
reduction is warranted. I find that there is no basis to grant the Husband’s
appeal, as the DJ has taken into account the financial needs of the children
and allowed for reasonable expenses.

16 I dismiss the Husband’s appeal in its entirety and make no order as to
costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Alfred Dodwell (Dodwell & Co LLC) for the appellant;  
Lee Ee Yang and Wong En Hui Charis (Covenant Chambers LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Jul 2021 (14:45 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

