Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHCF 24

Registrar’s Appeal from the Family Justice Courts No 11 of 2021

Between

VTF  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VTG  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Family Law] — [Divorce] — [Interim judgment] — [Rescission]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VTF

  
v

  

VTG

[2021] SGHCF 24

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Registrar’s Appeal No
11 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
16 July 2021

23 July 2021 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties married in 2009. They have a daughter born in 2011 and a son in
2013. 2013 was also the year that, according to the Wife, the marriage broke
down. She left the matrimonial home in 2019 and filed for divorce the
following year, on the grounds of unreasonable behaviour. The papers were
personally served on the Husband on 30 June 2020. The Husband did not file his
defence by 21 September 2020 in spite of a reminder by the Wife’s solicitors
to do so. Eventually, Interim Judgment was entered in the Wife’s favour on 26
November 2020. The Husband applied by Summons 103 of 2021 to rescind the
Interim Judgment, but his application was dismissed by the District Judge
Nicole Loh. Against that decision, the Husband now appeals before me.

2 The basis for his appeal is that the Wife did not disclose a material fact,
namely, that she is a lesbian who had left the marriage to live with her
female partner. He claims that the DJ would not have granted the Interim
Judgment had she known of this fact. He also alleges that the Wife had
“disclosed facts which are untrue and thus misrepresented the true state of
affairs”. Finally, he claims that the facts relied upon by the Wife were
matters that she had accepted and were outside the six months period before
the filing of the divorce action.

3 There is no doubt that the marriage had broken down because even before the
Wife filed this action for divorce on 25 June 2020, the Husband filed an
application in FC/OSG 78 of 2020 on 6 June 2020 for an order that he be
granted custody, care and control of the children. Thereafter, parties were
directed to attempt a mediation to resolve the divorce suit and the custody
application. A mediation took place on 7 September 2020 but failed to resolve
either matter, and District Judge Kimberly Scully gave directions for the
filing of the Husband’s defence to the divorce action.

4 The Husband was directed to file his defence by 21 September 2020, and his
affidavit in support of FC/OSG 78 by 28 September. Nothing was filed by the
Husband, and the Wife’s solicitors wrote to the Husband’s solicitors on 22
September reminding them to file the Husband’s defence. It was not filed. On
28 September, not having received the Husband’s affidavit regarding FC/OSG 78,
the Wife’s solicitors wrote to the Husband’s solicitors giving them two days’
notice to file the Husband’s defence. It was not filed. Eventually, the Wife
set down her divorce suit FCD/2532 of 2020 for hearing on 16 October 2020, but
the hearing was adjourned because two days before that, the Husband filed
FC/SUM 3097 of 2020 to set aside the order setting down the divorce action for
trial, and for an extension of time to file his defence.

5 The applications were thus fixed for hearing one after the other on 26
November 2020. On 26 November, the Husband’s application for an extension of
time was dismissed. The Wife’s action was heard on an uncontested basis and
the Interim Judgment was granted. The Husband did not appeal against the order
dismissing his application for an extension of time. Instead, he filed FCS/103
of 2021 to set aside the Interim Judgment. That application was dismissed by
DJ Nicole Loh on 27 April 2021, against which order the Husband now appeals
before me.

6 The Husband’s main contention before DJ Loh, as it is before me, was that
the Interim Judgment ought to be set aside on the ground of a non-disclosure
of a material fact, namely that the Wife is a lesbian. Counsel argued that the
Wife did not file an affidavit in reply to the Husband’s affidavit, but that
was only because counsel for the Wife, Ms Danker had filed notices to refer to
all the affidavits that had been filed. The affidavits from both sides related
to the marriage, its breakdown, and the children.

7 What is clear is that the alleged non-disclosure that the Wife is a lesbian
is a fact that the Husband knew before any application was filed by either
party. Both the Husband and Wife’s mother filed affidavits attesting to the
Wife’s relationship with one female partner as one of the reasons for the
Husband to be granted joint custody, sole care and control of the children.
The Husband was therefore entitled to raise this had he been advised that that
would have prevented the grant of an Interim Judgment in the Wife’s favour.
Instead, his counsel conceded before DJ Loh on 27 April 2021 that “(w)e are
not saying that it is a defence but we are saying that if this was disclosed,
the Interim Judgment will not have been granted”. That, on the face of it made
no legal sense, but the point is that the claim of that particular non-
disclosure as a ground for setting aside the Interim Judgment has no merits
whatsoever.

8 As an aside, counsel for the Husband stated that the Husband wishes to set
aside the Interim Judgment because he believes that once it is set aside, the
Wife will return to him. There is no evidence before me as to what gives the
Husband such optimism. Apart from the fact that the parties had discussed
divorce even before any application was filed, nothing in the voluminous
affidavits filed by the Husband evince any warmth between the spouses towards
each other after 2013. The Husband’s declaration that they had a reasonably
happy marriage once was just a preface for him to lay the blame of the
breakdown solely on the Wife.

9 As an ancillary argument, counsel for the Husband pleaded her own illness as
reasons why the Husband was compelled to apply to set aside the Interim
Judgment, claiming that it is not a backdoor appeal against the DJ’s decision
not to grant her an extension of time — which it is. The Husband’s counsel has
sought to rely on her illness to seek an extension, but the DJ found no
evidence that the Husband’s counsel was unable to work due to medical
conditions during the relevant time between 7 and 21 September 2020. I am
satisfied that in spite of her illness, a brief notice for stay or an appeal
against the dismissal of the Husband’s application for an extension of time
would have sufficed to preserve his contest of the divorce. It is too late
now. And it is, from the evidence before me, unlikely to achieve anything but
a prolongation of mutual grief. Whatever his reasons for wanting to set aside
the Interim Judgment, love, is not even in the queue. The parties ought to
proceed to the disposal of the ancillaries without delay.

10 This appeal is dismissed. I will hear the question of costs at a later
date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Grace Chacko (Grace Chacko Law Practice) for the appellant;  
Danker Geralyn Germain and Ho Ci Xian Isabel (Veritas Law Corporation) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Jul 2021 (15:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

