Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 283

Suit No 1250 of 2014

Between

| United Overseas Bank Limited  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Lippo Marina Collection Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Goh Buck Lim  
(3)| Aurellia Adrianus Ho also known as Filly Ho  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of decision

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraud and deceit]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
United Overseas Bank Ltd

  

v

  

Lippo Marina Collection Pte Ltd and others

[2021] SGHC 283

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1250 of 2014  
Aedit Abdullah J  
18–20, 24–26 November, 1–2 December 2020, 19–20 January, 19 April,  
28 June 2021

8 December 2021

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 This case arose from various housing loans (the “Housing Loans”) that the
plaintiff bank extended to purchasers (collectively, the “Purchasers”) of 38
units (the “Units”) in a condominium located in Sentosa Cove, known as the
Marina Collection (the “Development”). The Development was developed by the
first defendant. The second and third defendants were the property agents
involved in the purchase of the Units.

2 The hearing before me was bifurcated. Having considered the evidence and the
submissions of the parties, I dismissed the plaintiff’s claims against the
first defendant entirely. As against the second and third defendants, the
plaintiff’s claim in deceit succeeded. The plaintiff in this case has appealed
against my decision. Brief remarks were conveyed earlier. These are my full
grounds.

Background

3 The Development was launched for sale in or around December 2007. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) dated 6 August 2020 (“SOC”) at para 12;
First Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 1) dated 24 August 2020 (“D1’s
Defence”) at para 11.

42 of 124 units in the Development were sold from December 2007 to 10 March
2011 and some of the Units were leased out by the first defendant prior to
their sale. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at paras 13–14; D1’s Defence at para 12.

Sometime in the fourth quarter of 2009, Ms Woo Pui Lim (“Ms Woo”), who was
then the General Manager of the first defendant, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC dated 21 August 2020 (“Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC”) at para 3; Goh
Buck Lim’s AEIC dated 28 March 2016 (“Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC”) at para 12.

became acquainted with the second defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC at para 4; Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at para 12.

4 From December 2011 to 2013, the second defendant brokered the sale of 38
Units in the Development. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at paras 9–10.

For these 38 Units, the second and third defendants made 38 Housing Loan
referrals to the plaintiff, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Second and Third Defendant’s Defence (amended pursuant to HC/ORC 7012) (“D2
and D3’s Defence”) at para 18.

and the plaintiff granted and disbursed more than S$181 million in Housing
Loans to Purchasers of these 38 Units. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at pp 50–76.

The plaintiff’s representative whom the second and third defendants liaised
with was Ms Ann Ong (“Ms Ong”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at paras 26–28.

5 By December 2013, 37 out of the 38 Purchasers had defaulted on the Housing
Loans. By 1 April 2015, all 38 Purchasers had defaulted, and remain in arrears
to-date. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See Yen Nee’s AEIC dated 11 November 2020 at para 5.

This prompted the plaintiff to investigate and commence the present
proceedings against the defendants, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC dated 11 November 2020 (“Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC”) at
para 23; Yong Chai Yim’s AEIC dated 11 November 2020 (“Yong Chai Yim’s AEIC”)
at para 10.

alleging deceit and unlawful means conspiracy. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 11.

6 It was undisputed that a Furniture Rebate Plan was entered into between the
second defendant and Ms Woo in or around December 2011. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at para 20; First Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 24
March 2021 (“DCS”) at paras 117 and 140.

This Furniture Rebate Plan applied to a group of potential purchasers which
the second defendant sought to introduce to the first defendant. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 34 lines 14–22.

The Furniture Rebate Plan

7 Before going into the details of the Furniture Rebate Plan, it is necessary
to first set out the various milestone payments for each Unit: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 32; D1’s Defence at para 24.

(a) a 1% option fee (the “1% Option Fee”), based on the price (the “Stated
Purchase Price”) stated on the Option to Purchase (the “OTP”), was to be paid
for an OTP to be granted to the Purchaser;

(b) the balance 4% Option Fee (the “4% Option Fee”) was to be paid upon the
exercise of the OTP;

(c) The completion payment (about 15% of the Stated Purchase Price) (the “15%
Completion Fee”) was to be paid prior to completion; and

(d) The balance of the Stated Purchase Price (approximately 80%) was to be
paid at completion.

8 The Furniture Rebate Plan agreed to by Ms Woo, on behalf of the first
defendant, and the second defendant was as follows: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at paras 20 and 22; DCS at paras 117 and 140.

(a) a purchaser of a unit in the Development would provide the first defendant
with cheques for the 4% Option Fee and 15% Completion Fee based on the price
as stated in the OTP to be granted by the first defendant to the purchaser;

(b) the first defendant would not bank in these cheques upon receipt of the
same;

(c) upon the bank’s approval of the purchaser’s housing loan application for
the purchase of his or her unit, the first defendant would issue a Furniture
Rebate which would be set-off against the 4% Option Fee and 15% Completion
Fee;

(d) the Furniture Rebate to be granted by the first defendant to the purchaser
would be for an amount that would comprise the 4% Option Fee and 15%
Completion Fee, and would carry a surplus sum which serves the following
purposes: (i) incentivise the purchaser to enter into the transaction and (ii)
help the purchaser to defray the repayment of the housing loan obtained to
purchase the unit to the extent that the Furniture Rebate exceeded the 4%
Option Fee and the 15% Completion Fee; and

(e) the first defendant would return the cheques for the 4% Option Fee and 15%
Completion Fee to the purchaser on completion.

Notably, Ms Woo’s AEIC mentioned that the agreement was to pay the surplus
sum, “if any”, to the purchaser upon completion. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC at para 8.

However, the first defendant’s written submissions abandoned this earlier
caveat, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 12 April 2021 (“PRS”) at para
9(b); DCS at paras 117 and 140.

and accepted that there would always be a surplus sum which would be credited
to the purchaser upon completion. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See First Defendant’s Reply Submissions dated 12 April 2021 (“DRS”) at paras
89–90.

9 The Furniture Rebate Plan was a purchase arrangement agreed to by the first
defendant to grant discounts in the form of Furniture Rebates to purchasers
introduced by the second defendant. Deducting the Furniture Rebate from the
Stated Purchase Price would yield a lower price, ie, the Actual Purchase
Price.

The 80% LTV Limit

10 Under the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice 632 in operation
at the material time, banks were only permitted to lend up to 80% of the
purchase price (or current market valuation, whichever was lower, less any
discount, rebate or benefit for the purchase of the residential property) (ie,
80% of the loan-to-value limit (the “80% LTV Limit”)). This was a requirement
imposed by MAS since 13 January 2011 and remained a requirement throughout the
38 transactions. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

MAS Notice 632 dated 13 January 2011 (21AB 10869, 10875); MAS Notice 632 dated
13 January 2011 (last revised on 27 July 2011) (21AB 10881, 10888); MAS Notice
632 dated 13 January 2011 (last revised on 5 October 2012) (21AB 10896,
10902–10903); MAS Notice 632 dated 13 January 2011 (last revised on 11 January
2013) (21AB 10911, 10919–10920); MAS Notice 632 dated 13 January 2011 (last
revised on 28 June 2013) (21AB 10978, 10987).

The effect of this regulation was that the plaintiff bank could only loan up
to 80% of the Actual Purchase Price. The 80% LTV Limit was not pegged at 80%
of the Stated Purchase Price.

11 However, the quantum of Housing Loan disbursed to each Purchaser greatly
exceeded the 80% LTV Limit. It was undisputed that the amount of Housing Loans
even exceeded the Actual Purchase Prices. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at para 21; D1’s Defence at para 21.

Non-disclosure of the Furniture Rebates in the Housing Loan Application Forms

12 As it turned out, the Initial Property Loan Application Forms (“ILAs”) and
the Final Property Loan Application Forms (“FLAs”) (collectively, the “Housing
Loan Application Forms”) submitted by all 38 Purchasers indicated the Stated
Purchase Price for the relevant Unit, without disclosing the full extent of
Furniture Rebates. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC at para 124.

13 For 37 of the Purchasers, the FLAs expressly stated that there were “nil”
discounts, rebates, benefits and freebies which had been offered for the
purchase of the relevant Unit. The exception was Suwendi Santoso’s FLA, which
stated that he had received a discount, rebate and/or benefit of S$3,510, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

5AB 2413.

when in reality, he was given a Furniture Rebate of S$1,784,150. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1PCB 105.

14 These representations were made by the 38 Purchasers, notwithstanding that
under paragraph (a) of the “Declaration and Authorisation” portion of each
FLA, each Purchaser: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

5AB 2343–2460.

[R]epresent[ed] and warrant[ed] that all information and documents given to
[the plaintiff] in connection with [the Housing Loan application] are
accurate, complete and not misleading. If any information given is or
subsequently becomes inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or changes in any way,
whether before this application is approved or while the credit facilities are
existing, [he or she] will promptly notify [the plaintiff] of any such change.

By signing the FLAs, the Purchasers also declared that they had read,
understood and agreed to be bound by the plaintiff’s Standard Terms and
Conditions Governing Credit Facilities (the “Standard Terms”). The Standard
Terms were incorporated as part of the loan agreement between the plaintiff
and each Purchaser. Pursuant to Clause 8 of the Standard Terms, each Purchaser
warranted and represented that full disclosure had been made of all facts and
information which have been requested by the plaintiff, and all
representations made by the Purchaser in the Housing Loan Application Forms
are true and correct. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

19AB 10235–10236.

Each Purchaser also warranted and represented that such representations shall
continue to be true and correct so long as any part of the Housing Loan
remains unpaid. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

19AB 10236.

As things were, these Purchasers had not made full disclosure of the Furniture
Rebates they had received.

Nominee Purchasers

15 There was another category of untrue representations made in the Housing
Loan Application Forms. 32 Purchasers were acting as nominees for various
investors, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

D2 and D3’s Defence at para 10a.

but had applied for the Housing Loans in their own name, and indicated in the
Housing Loan Application Forms that they were to be the registered owners of
their respective Units. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC at para 145; ILAs (4AB 1661–1727); FLAs (5AB
2343–2460).

In doing so, they warranted and represented that they were “the true and full
owners” of their respective Units, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC at para 146; 19AB 10236 (Standard Terms at Clause
8.2(v)).

and declared by way of their acceptance of the plaintiff’s Letter of Offers
(“LOs”) that they were “apply[ing] for the Loan for the Purchase of the
Property for [their] own use and not for the benefit of any other party”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC at para 147; Acceptance of UOB’s Letter of Offer at
Clause (iv): 1PCB 125, 134, 145, 154, 163, 173, 182, 192, 202, 212, 223, 233,
245, 255, 267, 277, 287, 298, 308, 319, 333, 345, 355, 366, 376, 386, 397,
407, 417, 431, 444, 456, 468, 481, 495, 508, 520, and 532.

Recycling of monies

16 The Purchasers also circumvented the plaintiff’s requirement for them to
place assets under management (“AUM”) of amounts between S$200,000 and
S$1,200,000 in their bank accounts with the plaintiff. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC at para 157.

Investigations by the plaintiff revealed that transfers were made between the
Purchasers’ accounts, the second defendant, and the second defendant’s sons
(the “Inter-Account Transfers”), so that there would be sums ranging from
S$200,000 to S$1,200,000 in a Purchaser’s account at the time of the
Purchaser’s application for the Housing Loans. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Yong Chai Yim’s AEIC at paras 147–148 and Annex G.

The TSMP Letters and pre-disbursement checks

17 Even after a loan application has been approved, several events had to take
place prior to the disbursement of the loan. Typically, a purchaser would have
to pay the difference between the purchase price and the loan (the “Balance
Purchase Price”), since the financing bank is prohibited from lending above
the 80% LTV Limit. The Balance Purchase Price includes the 15% Completion Fee.

18 In the present case, Clause 1.1(x) of the Standard Terms provided, as one
of the conditions precedent to the disbursement of the Housing Loan, that the
plaintiff had to be satisfied that the respective Purchaser had paid the
Balance Purchase Price. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

19AB 10232.

Close to completion, TSMP Law Corporation (“TSMP”), the first defendant’s
conveyancing solicitors, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

D1’s Defence at para 27.

wrote letters (collectively, the “TSMP Letters”) to PKWA Law Practice LLC
(“PKWA”), the solicitors acting for both the Purchasers and the plaintiff,
suggesting that payment of the 15% Completion Fee had been made for 37 of the
Purchasers. The Confirmation Letters varied in content, but contained at least
one of the four phrases: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC at para 38; D1’s Defence at para 27.

(a) “Our clients confirm that they have received your client’s cheque of
$[...] ... our clients will advise us whether the same is cleared before
completion can take place...”;

(b) “Our clients confirm that they had received a sum of $[...] from your
client direct towards part payment...”;

(c) “We are instructed by our clients that they had received a sum of $[...]
from your client direct towards part payment...”; and

(d) “We are instructed by our clients that they had received... cheque(s) ...
from your client direct towards part payment...”.

19 For the one of the 38 Purchasers, Theodora Budi Halimundjaja (“Theodora”),
TSMP did not expressly state in its letters to PKWA any of the four phrases.
Instead, TSMP wrote a letter to PKWA, enclosing various documents, including a
completion account, and requested that TSMP be provided with a cashier’s order
for the balance sale proceeds on completion. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

14AB 7262–7264.

After PKWA informed TSMP how and when the balance sale proceeds would be paid,
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

14AB 7265.

the transaction proceeded to completion, following which TSMP issued a second
letter enclosing a duly executed Instrument of Transfer, as well as keys and
access cards to a Unit. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

14AB 7268.

20 It was noteworthy that the plaintiff was not itself an addressee of the
TSMP Letters. The TSMP Letters were correspondence as between PKWA and TSMP.

Summary of the plaintiff’s case

21 The plaintiff’s case consisted of two causes of action against the first,
second and third defendants: (a) tort of unlawful means conspiracy; and (b)
tort of deceit. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC at para 11.

According to the plaintiff, there was a conspiracy, between the defendants and
the Purchasers, which sought to obtain financing from the plaintiff (a) in
circumvention or breach of the 80% LTV Limit, and (b) in excess of the Actual
Purchase Prices of the Units (the “Conspiracy”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

SOC at para 9.

In furtherance of this alleged Conspiracy, four acts of deceit were committed
by the first, second and third defendants, along with the Purchasers. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

SOC at paras 10 and 45a.

These four acts served as the unlawful means through which the Conspiracy was
effected, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

SOC at para 45a.

and also formed the basis of the plaintiff’s claims in the tort of deceit:

(a) the second and third defendants made, procured, or induced the Purchasers
to omit declaring the Furniture Rebates in the Housing Loan Application Forms
(the “Purchase Price Misrepresentations”); 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SOC at paras 20 and 51.

(b) the second and third defendants made, procured, or induced at least 28
Purchasers to make false representations as to the true identity of the
purchasers (the “Identity Misrepresentations”); 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

SOC at paras 28 and 56.

(c) the second and third defendants procured or induced the Purchasers to
recycle monies between the accounts of the Purchasers, the second defendant
and his sons, which carried the implicit representation that the Purchasers
had good financial standing (the “Financial Standing Fraud”); 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SOC at paras 29 and 61.

and

(d) the first defendant represented that it had received payment of the 15%
Completion Fee for each Unit, when such payment had not been made (the
“Payment Misrepresentations”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC at paras 37–40.

22 Apart from these four acts of deceit, the plaintiff also pleaded that three
other unlawful means were employed in the Conspiracy, namely: the defendants’
commission of an offence under s 415 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, Rev Ed 2008)
by procuring the plaintiff to disburse excess loans, a breach of the LOs and
the accompanying terms and conditions which required the Purchasers to declare
the existence of any Furniture Rebates and that they were applying for the
Housing Loans in their own name, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOC at para 45c.

and the plaintiff’s disbursement of the Housing Loans in breach of MAS Notice
632. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

SOC at para 45d.

That said, the plaintiff mainly focused on the four acts of deceit and the
plaintiff’s breach of MAS Notice 632 in its written submissions and oral
submissions.

Summary of the first defendant’s case

23 Against the plaintiff’s claim in conspiracy, the first defendant denied
that it combined with any other defendant or Purchasers to cause loss to the
plaintiff. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

D1’s Defence at para 4.

The Furniture Rebates were given to promote the sale of units in the
Development, and not pursuant to the alleged Conspiracy. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

D1’s Defence at para 4(a).

The manner in which the first defendant accepted payment of the 4% Option Fee
and 15% Completion Fee from the Purchasers was solely within its discretion,
which was exercised based on its commercial interests and not pursuant to the
alleged Conspiracy. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

D1’s Defence at para 4(c).

The Purchase Price Misrepresentations, Identity Misrepresentations and the
Financial Standing Fraud concerned the procurement of financing for the
purchase of the Units, which was a matter solely between the Purchasers and
the plaintiff that did not involve the first defendant. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

D1’s Defence at para 4(b).

24 As for the Payment Misrepresentations, the first defendant averred that it
did not make the alleged misrepresentations, whether directly or indirectly,
to the plaintiff. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

D1’s Defence at para 4(d).

It denied that the TSMP Letters induced or caused the plaintiff to disburse
the Housing Loans. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

D1’s Defence at 30.

It also denied having made any representations to the plaintiff dishonestly
with the intention that the plaintiff would be acting on it. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

D1’s Defence at para 5.

25 In the alternative, the first defendant denied that the plaintiff had
suffered any damage as a result of any act done by the first defendant. The
plaintiff’s loss, if any, was caused by its own decision to grant the loan
facilities to the Purchasers based on its own independent checks and risk
analyses, or its failure to carry out its own independent checks and analyses.
56

##### Foot Note 56

×

D1’s Defence at para 6.

The second and third defendants’ positions

26 Neither the second nor the third defendant put up much of a fight. They did
not take an active part in the proceedings. The second defendant testified,
but the third defendant did not.

The decision

27 The plaintiff failed to establish its case, both in conspiracy and deceit,
against the first defendant, though it did succeed against the second and
third defendants in its claim in deceit.

Analysis

28 In so far as the plaintiff’s claims in deceit were concerned, the Payment
Misrepresentations allegedly involving the first defendant were not actionable
because any such representations were not relied upon by the plaintiff, who
had instead relied on documents known as Form 3s issued by PKWA. The Identity
Misrepresentations, Financial Standing Fraud and Payment Misrepresentations
were actionable in the tort of deceit as against the second and third
defendants. Accordingly, it did not make a difference to the outcome whether
there was a conspiracy as between these two. What mattered was whether the
first defendant was part of any combination with these two.

29 By participating in the Furniture Rebate Plan, the first defendant knew
that there would be over-lending on the part of the plaintiff and concealment
of the Furniture Rebates on the part of the Purchasers. However, this
knowledge, even when seen alongside the various other factors asserted by the
plaintiff, was insufficient to give rise to the inference that the first
defendant had combined with the other defendants with the intention cause
injury to the plaintiff. There was another plausible explanation for the first
defendant’s behaviour, that is, it was primarily concerned with the sale of
its own Units and was not bothered by the implications this purchasing
arrangement had on the plaintiff. It then sought to keep its own sharp
practice under wraps by keeping the Furniture Rebates away from the public eye
and its own solicitors.

30 I was not prepared to extend the tort of unlawful means conspiracy to cover
situations where the unlawful means reside in the unlawful acts committed by
the plaintiff-victim as a consequence of the conspiracy, or an unlawful
purpose pursued by the defendants. Separately, even if I were to accept that
the first defendant had combined with the other defendants, such combination
would still not amount to a combination to employ any of the alleged acts of
deceit to harm the plaintiff.

31 Finally, I was doubtful that a conspiracy tied into any alleged inflation
above the “true price” itself would have been made out. There is no true price
for real property, the Stated Purchase Price were reasonable valuations, and
no evidence of the consequence of a breach of MAS Notice 632 was adduced.

The conspiracy claim

32 The claim in conspiracy by the defendants to cause injury to the plaintiff
by using unlawful means failed as the elements were not made out. The elements
of the tort were laid out in EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik
Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (“EFT Holdings CA”) at
[112], namely:

(a) a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) such persons had the intention to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff
by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement between such
persons; and

(e) loss was suffered by the claimant as a result of the conspiracy.

Summary of parties’ submissions

33 The plaintiff argued that the first defendant had combined with the other
defendants to commit the various unlawful acts set out above at [21]–[22],
which included acts of deceit. It relied on the first defendant’s knowledge of
various matters, such as the quiet state of the market. It also relied on the
defendant’s various conduct, such as the timing the issuance of the letter
documenting the Furniture Rebate (the “Furniture Rebate Letter”), which were
allegedly aimed at facilitating the approval and disbursement of excess loans.
These acts carried out by the first defendant entailed close coordination
between all three defendants, and thus supported the inference that the first
defendant had acted in combination with the other two defendants. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 24 March 2021 (“PCS”) at para 37.

The objective of this was to enable the first defendant to dispose of the
Units, following muted sales performance. The excess loans disbursed by the
plaintiff also enabled the first defendant to credit a surplus sum to the
Purchasers’ account, which in turn incentivised the Purchasers to participate
in the arrangement. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS at para 36.

34 The first defendant accepted that parties’ knowledge and conduct can form
the basis for inferring their intentions at the material time, but contended
that some aspects of knowledge that the plaintiff sought to ascribe to the
first defendant were not supported by the evidence. The inferences drawn by
the plaintiff were also not borne out by the evidence. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DRS at para 55.

35 Next, on the issue of whether there was an intention to injure the
plaintiff, the plaintiff submitted that the defendants had engaged in conduct
which was designed to procure the plaintiff to lend over the 80% LTV Limit,
thereby placing the plaintiff in breach of MAS Notice 632. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at paras 226–228.

The plaintiff also contended that the defendants had intended the plaintiff to
bear the risk of default and the attendant consequences, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PCS at para 230; PRS at para 51.

while the first defendant took the benefit of disposing of its Units using
monies the plaintiff had lent. Even if such benefit was the primary aim of the
conspiracy, the harm to the plaintiff was the “necessary corollary” of the
same, and this was sufficient to establish the intention to injure. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PCS at para 231.

36 On the other hand, the first defendant pointed out that what resulted in
the plaintiff over-lending was the fact that the Furniture Rebates were not
disclosed to the plaintiff, and the non-disclosure of the Furniture Rebates
was not part of the Furniture Rebate Plan. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DCS at paras 178–179.

There was, in any event, no evidence showing that the consequence of the over-
lending was that the plaintiff would be left under-secured. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS at paras 181–183; DRS at paras 41–49.

Even if the first defendant was part of the Wider Plan (ie, the plan to buy
properties with the lowest possible cash outlay and to minimise the monthly
instalment payments), 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at para 153.

the ultimate objective of the Wider Plan was for the properties to be sold and
the profits shared. It was thus of fundamental importance to the Wider Plan
that the Purchasers avoid defaulting on their loans. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at paras 187–188; DRS at paras 51–52.

The Wider Plan was also structured to reduce the risk of default by making it
easier to meet the repayment obligations. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 189.

Combination

The meaning of combination

37 The crux of the inquiry is whether the alleged conspirators entered into an
agreement with a common objective of effecting certain acts. For there to be
any agreement or combination to speak of, it must, at the very least, be shown
that the alleged conspirator shared a common understanding of the material
facts underlying this agreement: EFT Holdings CA at [114].

38 However, merely having knowledge of the material facts would not in itself
render a party a co-conspirator. In particular, a defendant who knows that
unlawful acts were being committed by others, and yet does nothing to stop
those acts, is not necessarily a co-conspirator: EFT Holdings, Inc and another
v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2013] 1 SLR 1254 (“EFT
Holdings HC”) at [125]. The surrounding circumstances, as well as the alleged
conspirator’s conduct and state of knowledge, must still be capable of
supporting an inference that that party had combined with the other co-
conspirators to pursue a particular course of conduct involving unlawful acts:
see OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway Corp
Ltd) and another v Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and others [2020] SGHC 142 (“OUE
Lippo”) at [185].

39 It is trite that direct evidence of such a combination is not necessary:
EFT Holdings CA at [113]; Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v Eastwest
Management Ltd (Singapore Branch) [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901 at [19]. It is also
unnecessary to prove that such an agreement was express, or for all the
alleged conspirators to have joined at the same time or know what the others
have agreed to do: New Ping Ping Pauline v Eng’s Noodles House Pte Ltd and
others [2021] 4 SLR 1317 at [60].

Evidential analysis

40 I had not been persuaded that the evidence showed the existence of any
combination, involving the first defendant, for the commission of unlawful
acts intended to cause harm to the plaintiff.

41 In the main, I accepted the arguments of counsel for the first defendant
that various allegations made by the plaintiff were not borne out. I found
that even where the facts were as asserted by the plaintiff, alternative
explanations were present which went against the conclusion, even on the
balance of probabilities, that a combination had been formed. The inferences
that could be drawn from what the plaintiff asserted just as easily pointed to
other explanations.

(1) Whether the first defendant agreed to keep the existence of the Furniture
Rebates away from the plaintiff

42 On the crucial point about whether there was any agreement by the first
defendant to keep silent on the Furniture Rebate, direct evidence emanating
from the alleged parties to the Conspiracy were conflicting. The existence of
such an agreement was denied by Ms Woo. She claimed that she left it to the
Purchasers to decide whether to declare the Furniture Rebates to the
plaintiff. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 188 lines 8–19; 20 January 2021 Transcript p
12 lines 5–13, p 99 lines 8–22.

On the other hand, the second defendant’s evidence was that Ms Woo told him
that the Furniture Rebates should not be so disclosed to the financing bank.
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at paras 41, 127 and 129; Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at paras 22 and 37; 1
December 2020 Transcript page 97 line 22 to page 98 line 9; 2 December 2020
Transcript page 28 line 15 to page 29 line 20.

43 However, both the second and third defendants admitted that they had
informed Ms Ong, the plaintiff’s officer, of the Furniture Rebates. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

D2 and D3’s Defence at para 8(e); 1 December 2020 Transcript page 100 line 8
to page 101 line 16.

Ms Ong was not called. It was indeed previously determined in Registrar’s
Appeal No 145 of 2015 that Ms Ong’s knowledge of any fraud could not be
imputed to the plaintiff so as to defeat the plaintiff’s claim of conspiracy
against the defendants (United Overseas Bank Ltd v Lippo Marina Collection Pte
Ltd and others [2016] 2 SLR 597 at [56]). However, as pointed out further
below (at [129]), Ms Ong’s evidence would have been useful aside from this. On
this issue, Ms Ong’s absence leaves the second and third defendants’ admission
unrefuted, and their admission undermined the likelihood that the first
defendant had agreed to conceal the Furniture Rebates.

44 Next, the plaintiff contended that the first defendant’s agreement to the
Furniture Rebate Plan necessarily entailed an agreement to conceal the
Furniture Rebates from the plaintiff. In particular, for the Furniture Rebate
Plan to work, there must have been an agreement to conceal the Furniture
Rebates from the plaintiff. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PRS at para 11.

45 On the face of the Furniture Rebate Plan, there was no agreement on the
part of the first defendant to suppress the existence of the Furniture
Rebates. Even without the first defendant agreeing to conceal the existence of
the Furniture Rebates, the Furniture Rebate Plan could still work. In relation
to each Purchaser, the Furniture Rebate Plan required the first defendant to
perform four acts (see above at [8]): (a) collect cheques for the 4% Option
Fee and 15% Completion Fee, (b) issue the Furniture Rebate at an amount
comprising the 4% Option Fee, the 15% Completion Fee, and a surplus sum, (c)
credit the surplus sum to the Purchaser’s account and (d) return the cheques
for the 4% Option Fee and 15% Completion Fee to the Purchasers on completion.
The first defendant’s ability to perform each of these acts was technically
independent of whether the Furniture Rebates were made known to the plaintiff.

46 That said, due to the way in which the Furniture Rebate Plan was
structured, the first defendant must have realised that the financing bank
would over-lend. With the return of the cheques for the 4% Option Fee and the
15% Completion Fee, the outcome of the Furniture Rebate Plan was that the
Purchasers only needed to pay the 1% Option Fee. It would have been apparent
to the first defendant, at the outset, that the rest of the purchase price
would most likely be financed by the bank. From this alone, the first
defendant must have known that there would be some unlawful activities going
on at the loan procurement stage which would enable the Purchasers to game the
system and obtain more loan than was legally permitted. Additionally, Ms Woo
admitted that she knew that the bank had over-lent, and that the Purchasers
did not disclose the Furniture Rebates, because she had excess amounts to
credit to the Purchasers’ accounts. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 186 lines 6 to p 188 line 4, p 191 lines 5 to
p 192 line 1.

The fact there would be surplus sums paid to the Purchasers was already
contemplated at the outset as part of the Furniture Rebate Plan (see above at
[8]). In other words, Ms Woo’s admission meant that at the time the first
defendant agreed to the Furniture Rebate Plan, the first defendant was already
cognisant that there would be over-lending by the financing bank, and non-
declaration of the Furniture Rebates by the Purchasers to the financing bank.

47 However, the fact that the first defendant knew of these and went ahead
with the Furniture Rebate Plan nevertheless, did not ipso facto mean that the
first defendant had also agreed to suppress the Furniture Rebates on its part
to facilitate the Purchasers’ deceit vis-à-vis the plaintiff. There was
another plausible explanation for such conduct, that is, the first defendant
was simply not concerned with the circumstances under which excess loans were
being procured by the Purchasers. Ms Woo took the position that she left it to
the Purchasers to declare the Furniture Rebates, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 188 lines 8–19, p 189 lines 11–21; 20 January
2021 Transcript p 12 lines 5–13, p 99 lines 8–22.

and that it was completely up to the bank to decide whether it wanted to over-
lend. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 189 lines 2–10.

This could also explain why Ms Woo did not tell Ms Ong of the Furniture
Rebates in two sets of email correspondence when information relating to the
Units was sought by the plaintiff. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

2PCB 619, 735.

The first defendant, through Ms Woo, was more concerned with selling the Units
and giving the discount as part of the Furniture Rebate Plan: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 188 lines 2–16.

Q: And you therefore knew that the furniture rebates were not being declared,
correct?

A: Yes.

Q: And you did nothing to stop this, correct?

A: It was not my duty to stop anybody from loaning from the bank.

Q: And you knew that these purchasers had to declare the furniture rebates,
correct?

A: I got no idea whether they -- I have got no idea whether they were supposed
to or not to. We leave it to them.

Q: Why not?

A: Because we're only interested in giving the discount. That's about it. We
don't micro-manage in that sense.

Ms Woo reiterated this again at the close of trial in response to a question
from the court: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

20 January 2021 Transcript at p 106 line 25 to p 107 line 9.

Court: So to be clear, when you were working through all these furniture
rebate mechanisms and all that with Mr Goh, you are saying you did not think
of any impact it might have on the bank and the bank loan?

A: No. I was more concerned about my own furniture rebates and selling the
units, more than just a bank, because we always leave the banking and the
financial process to the buyers and to the agents themselves.

48 Going along with the Furniture Rebate Plan to facilitate the sales of its
own Units, despite knowing that unlawful activities were going on downstream
at the loan procurement stage, was sharp practice. But this could not amount
to an agreement, on the part of the first defendant, to conceal the Furniture
Rebates from the plaintiff.

49 In any event, even if there was an agreement or understanding that the
first defendant would be concealing the Furniture Rebates from the plaintiff,
this would not by itself show a combination to cause harm to the plaintiff by
unlawful means. The first defendant suppressing or hiding information about
the Furniture Rebates did not involve an unlawful act since there was no duty
to disclose on the part of the first defendant. There had to be something
more, tying this alleged agreement to a plan employing the use of unlawful
means. It could only be actionable if it was part of a larger web of
agreements to employ unlawful means.

(2) No link between the first defendant’s alleged agreement to conceal and a
wider web of agreements to employ unlawful means

50 Here, the plaintiff failed to establish such a link. The key assertions
relied upon by the plaintiff were as follows:

(a) the first defendant’s knowledge of the 80% LTV Limit, and its effect, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS at paras 83–86.

as well as the quiet state of the market; 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS at paras 47–50.

(b) the first defendant’s giving of the Furniture Rebates, the use of the
Furniture Rebates for various payments and charges (eg, stamp duty), 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS at paras 196–202.

and the payment of any balance of the Furniture Rebates;

(c) the first defendant knew of, or was willfully blind to, the weak financial
position and lack of bona fides of the intended purchasers; 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCS at paras 51–82.

(d) the first defendant’s knowledge of the need for the Purchasers to declare
the Furniture Rebates to the plaintiff, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at paras 97–101.

and its concealment from the plaintiff; 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS at paras 105–107, PRS paras 22–23.

(e) the first defendant’s knowledge that the plaintiff would be over-lending;
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PCS at paras 87–96, 108–119; PRS at paras 9–10.

(f) the first defendant’s non-banking in of cheques for the 4% Option Fee and
15% Completion Fee; 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PCS at paras 182–187.

(g) the first defendant deliberately delayed banking in the cheques for the 1%
Option Fee to after the Housing Loans received in-principle approval; 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PCS at paras 173–181.

(h) the first defendant timed the issuance of the letter documenting the
Furniture Rebate (the “Furniture Rebate Letter”) so as to facilitate the
Purchasers in not having to declare the Furniture Rebates in their loan
applications; 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS at paras 126 and 162–172.

and

(i) the first defendant gave the impression to its own solicitors that payment
of the 15% Completion Fee had been made, so that these solicitors would make
similar representations to the plaintiff’s solicitors; 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PCS at paras 188–195.

(j) the first defendant did not publicise the Furniture Rebates
notwithstanding the lack of commercial reasons for doing so; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS at paras 127–135.

(k) the first defendant made efforts to ensure that the Units sold were
tenanted; 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS at paras 203–206.

and

(l) the first defendant’s actions were always in tandem with the second and
third defendants.

51 I accepted the first defendant’s arguments that several of these assertions
were not made out. The remaining assertions which were supported by sufficient
evidence could not, singly or together, establish a link between the alleged
agreement by the first defendant to hide the Furniture Rebate, and a larger
web of agreements to employ unlawful means.

(A) Whether the plaintiff’s assertions were supported by evidence

52 Save for the assertions that the first defendant had deliberately delayed
encashing the cheques for the 1% Option Fee, timed the issuance of the
Furniture Rebate Letters so as to facilitate the Purchasers’ non-declaration
of the Furniture Rebates, and appreciated the Purchasers’ weak financial
position, I accepted that the facts relied upon by the plaintiff above at [50]
had been established.

53 The first defendant agreed in cross-examination that March 2011 to December
2011 was a “quiet” period for the first defendant: beyond inquiries, no one
was really closing a sale. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 24 line 22 to p 26 line 9.

54 In or around December 2011, the Furniture Rebate Plan was conceived. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC at para 8; Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at para 20.

It entailed the first defendant granting Furniture Rebates to purchasers
introduced by the second defendant. The Furniture Rebates were in effect a
discount. This discount covers, in addition to the 4% Option Fee and 15%
Completion Fee, the payment of various charges, such as stamp duty and the
purchaser’s share of property tax, management fund, sinking fund and SDC
contributions. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

2 December 2020 Transcript at p 53 line 23 to p 54 line 14; Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC
at paras 24–26, 42 and 67; 19 January 2021 Transcript at p 137 lines 10–14.

As the discount itself is not a source of funds, the payment of these various
charges were made by the first defendant, who then recouped these payments
from the Housing Loans. After covering the aforementioned payments, any
balance of the Furniture Rebates would be credited to the Purchasers. Cheques
which were initially given for the 4% Option Fee and 15% Completion Fee would
also be returned to the Purchasers, instead of being presented for payment.
All these were part and parcel of the Furniture Rebate Plan. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

2 December 2020 Transcript at p 53 line 22 to p 54 line 14; Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC
at paras 8, 24–26, 42; Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at para 20; DCS at para 117.

55 The first defendant knew that the plaintiff was the bank financing the
Purchasers’ acquisition of the Units. The records showed that mortgagee’s
caveats were lodged by PKWA on behalf of the plaintiff bank. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

7AB 3779–3782; 20 January 2021 Transcript at p 64 line 4 to p 65 line 4.

Ms Woo admitted that when a caveat was lodged for a unit in the Development,
the first defendant would be notified. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 207 lines 13–19.

Moreover, for six of the purchases, PKWA wrote to TSMP referring to the
plaintiff as the financing bank. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

3PCB 1259–1261, 1275–1277.

TSMP then forwarded these letters to Ms Woo. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

3PCB 1177, 1179–1180, 1182-1183, 1195, 1202.

Ms Woo even directly corresponded with the plaintiff’s Ms Ong for some of
these purchases to move the sales process along. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC at paras 32–33.

56 Both Ms Wu and the second defendant acknowledged during cross-examination
that they knew that banks were subjected to the 80% LTV Limit, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 207 line 23 to p 208 line 10; 1 December 2020
Transcript at p 7 line 24 to p 8 line 17.

and that the Purchasers were obliged to declare the Furniture Rebates to the
financing bank, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

D1’s Defence at para 19; 19 January 2021 Transcript at p 190 line 5 to p 192
line 1; 1 December 2020 Transcript at p 101 lines 17–22.

ie, the plaintiff. The first defendant also knew that the Furniture Rebates
were concealed from the plaintiff, and that the plaintiff had over-lent (see
above at [46]).

57 It was undisputed by parties that the first defendant did not openly
publicise the Furniture Rebates. The first defendant also did not mention the
Furniture Rebates on the face of the OTPs issued. Rather, the Furniture
Rebates were documented in Furniture Rebate Letters. These Furniture Rebate
Letters were issued after the OTPs, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Exhibit P1A.

and most of them were issued after the Purchasers’ FLAs and LOs had been
issued by the plaintiff. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Yong Chai Yim’s AEIC at para 144 and Annex D; Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at para 43;
see PCS at Annex C.

58 In relation to the first defendant’s dealings with TSMP, its conveyancing
solicitors, Ms Woo acknowledged that TSMP did not know of the Furniture
Rebates, and as a result, prepared inaccurate completion accounts which
reflected that the payment of the 4% Option Fee and the 15% Completion Fee
were made even though the cheques for these two payments were not encashed.
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

20 January 2021 Transcript at p 35 lines 12–14, p 36 lines 16–18, p 38 lines
4–14.

59 Separately, efforts were made by the first and second defendants to ensure
that tenanted Units were sold to the Purchasers. There was correspondence
revealing that the second defendant and Ms Woo discussed matters relating to
the tenancy of the Units to be sold. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

2PCB 905, 910.

Furthermore, as at the date of completion for each of the transactions, 31 out
of the 38 Units were tenanted. Tenancy agreements were subsequently entered
into for an additional five Units. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC at pp 77–80 (Annex B).

60 However, I was unable to find that the following assertions had been proven
on a balance of probabilities:

(a) the first defendant had deliberately delayed banking in the cheques for
the 1% Option Fee to after the Housing Loans received in-principle approval;

(b) the first defendant had deliberately timed the issuance of the Furniture
Rebate Letters so as to facilitate the Purchasers in not having to declare the
Furniture Rebates in their Housing Loan Application Forms; and

(c) the first defendant knew of, or was wilfully blind to, the Purchasers’
weak financial position.

61 The plaintiff claimed that the defendants had combined to support the
Purchasers in their concealment of the Furniture Rebates by delaying the
encashment of the cheques for the 1% Option Fee paid by the Purchasers. Save
for three of the Purchasers, the first defendant banked in the cheques for the
1% Option Fee only after the plaintiff had issued its LOs to the Purchasers
(ie, after the loans were approved). 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PCS at para 173.

This, the plaintiff argued, demonstrated that the first defendant was kept
informed of the progress of the loan applications, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PCS at para 177.

and had deliberately pegged the encashment of the cheques to whether and when
the plaintiff approved the loans. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PCS at para 175.

This was a departure of the norm of banking in the cheque for the option fee
soon after receipt, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

PCS at para 174.

and was against the first defendant’s commercial interests. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PCS at para 178.

62 However, there was no direct evidence that the first defendant was kept
updated as to when the Housing Loans were approved. Neither the second nor
third defendant had said that they kept any officer of the first defendant
updated as to when the Housing Loans were approved. Furthermore, there were
three instances in which the cheques were deposited before the Housing Loans
for some of those Purchasers were approved. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

10AB 5459 and 5AB 2633; 11AB 5484 and 5AB 2701; 11AB 5480 and 5AB 2690.

These instances sit at odds with the plaintiff’s contention that there had
been close coordination between the defendants in this regard.

63 The plaintiff also contended that the first defendant had omitted to
mention the Furniture Rebates on the OTPs and delayed the issuance of the
Furniture Rebates, so as to facilitate the Purchasers’ non-disclosure of the
Furniture Rebates. The plaintiff submitted that it was odd for the OTPs to
omit references to the Furniture Rebates, and that there was no good reason
for the late issuance of the Furniture Rebate Letters. Since the quantum of
the Furniture Rebates had already been agreed to prior to the issuance of the
OTPs, the first defendant would have wanted to reflect it upfront as part of
the initial documentation. The Furniture Rebate Letters could also be caveated
to limit its applicability to situations where the OTP was exercised. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PCS at para 168.

64 I accepted that the quantum of the Furniture Rebates had already been
agreed to between the first and second defendants prior to the issuance of the
OTPs. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

20 January 2021 Transcript at p 49 line 9 to p 50 line 10.

However, that the first defendant could have done a better job at documenting
the Furniture Rebates could not support the inference that the first defendant
was deliberately facilitating the Purchasers’ non-declaration of the Furniture
Rebate. The omission to set out the Furniture Rebates on the OTPs did not put
the first defendant in breach of any obligation to disclose. The late
documentation of the Furniture Rebates did not present any major detriments to
the first defendant’s commercial interests. In addition, Ms Woo gave two
plausible explanations for the late issuance of the Furniture Rebate Letters:
(a) if the OTP was not exercised, there would not be a need for the Furniture
Rebate Letters since any agreement up to that stage on the sale of Units was
only in-principle, 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

20 January 2021 Transcript at p 51 line 22 to p 52 line 14.

and (b) the Purchasers did not ask for the Furniture Rebate Letters at the
outset. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

20 January 2021 Transcript at p 52 lines 15–25.

65 Importantly, the omission to mention the Furniture Rebates on the OTPs and
the late issuance of the Furniture Rebate Letters must be assessed alongside
the fact that the first defendant did document the Furniture Rebates in
Furniture Rebate Letters issued to the Purchasers, despite being under no
obligation to do so. Although the Furniture Rebate Letters were issued only
after the Purchasers had obtained approval for their Housing Loans, providing
the Purchasers with these letters, which constitute a written record of the
Furniture Rebates, would nonetheless have heightened the risk of the plaintiff
discovering their existence. Moreover, there were two instances where the
Furniture Rebate Letters were issued prior to the respective Purchasers
obtaining approval for the Loans. This further weakens the likelihood that the
first defendant had coordinated with the second and third defendants to
facilitate the Purchasers’ non-declaration of the Furniture Rebates to the
plaintiff.

66 In addition, I was unable to find that the first defendant knew, or was
willfully blind to, the fact that the Purchasers were financially constrained.
The plaintiff relied on the second defendant’s evidence in his AEIC that the
first defendant was aware that the Purchasers lacked financial resources. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS at paras 53 and 56–58; Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at paras 51, 52, 55, 58.

However, the second defendant claimed at trial that he did not convey any
concerns with the Purchasers’ creditworthiness to the first defendant. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

2 December 2020 Transcript p 15 lines 6–21, p 18 lines 1–10.

Given the second defendant’s conflicting positions as to whether the first
defendant knew of the Purchasers’ lack of creditworthiness, I could not place
much weight on the second defendant’s evidence in this regard.

67 The plaintiff also stressed that Ms Woo’s muted reaction to a series of
“strange facts” must have meant that the first defendant knew that the
Purchasers were financially constrained and/or were fronts, or had turned a
blind eye to this fact. These “strange facts” include: the Purchasers’
unwillingness or inability to pay the 4% Option Fee or the 15% Completion Fee,
third parties issuing cheques on behalf of the Purchasers, the lack of request
from the Purchasers to view the Units or ask questions about the property, the
Purchasers appeared to be interchangeable and replaceable, the Purchasers were
young and came from jurisdictions that qualified for additional buyers’ stamp
duty remission, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS at para 53.

and the Purchasers’ omission to request for the Furniture Rebate Letters at
the time when they were granted OTPs. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS at paras 169–170.

Apart from these, the plaintiff also relied on the first defendant’s knowledge
that various charges, taxes and expenses would not be borne by the Purchaser.
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS at paras 196–202.

68 Indeed, in the face of these “strange facts” referred to by the plaintiff,
Ms Woo was content with taking the second defendant’s word that the Purchasers
were people of means, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

19 January 2021 Transcript at p 30 line 22 to p 31 line 7, p 70 lines 2–9, p
142 line 14 to p 143 line 1; 20 January 2021 Transcript at p 89 line 12 to p
90 line 21.

and the various explanations he gave along the way. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

See eg, 19 January 2021 Transcript at p 30 line 22 to p 31 line 7, p 69 lines
5–15, p 83 line 21 to p 84 line 20, p 110 lines 3–11.

However, I was unconvinced that the first defendant’s failure to inquire
further or satisfy itself that the Purchasers had the requisite financial
standing supported the inference that the first defendant was willfully blind
to their lack of financial standing or the fact that they were fronts. The
first defendant’s indifference could not be properly attributed to a motive to
avoid finding out the truth, given that there was another plausible
explanation for this muted reaction, that is, the first defendant was not in
the position to investigate the creditworthiness of the Purchasers. As pointed
out by the first defendant’s counsel, the first defendant was merely the
vendor of the Units; it was for the Purchasers to take steps to finance the
sale and for the financing bank to satisfy itself that the Purchasers were
sufficiently creditworthy, even if they were nominees. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DRS at paras 67 and 71.

Indeed, the financing bank would have greater access to a fuller set of
information that could enable it to properly assess the Purchasers’ financial
standing, and it was plausible that the first defendant chose to leave it to
the financing bank to ascertain the creditworthiness of the Purchasers. For
the same reason, Ms Woo’s muted reaction to these “strange facts” could not
give rise to the inference that she knew that the Purchasers’ lack of
financial standing and/or were fronts.

69 Finally, the plaintiff submitted that the first defendant was sufficiently
concerned about the Purchasers’ lack of financial resources that it only sold
Units with existing tenancies. For this submission, the plaintiff relied on
the second defendant’s evidence in AEIC, 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at paras 53–54.

but glossed over the parts in the second defendant’s oral testimony where he
indicated that Ms Woo had identified tenanted Units to be sold to the
Purchasers because she was complying with the Purchasers’ requests for
tenanted Units, and not because she was worried about the Purchasers’ lack of
financial resources. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

1 December 2020 Transcript at p 83 lines 5–12; 2 December 2020 Transcript at p
12 line 13 to p 13 line 9.

According to the second defendant, Ms Woo was aware that the Purchasers would
be using the rental income from the tenanted Units to pay off the housing
loans, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

1 December 2020 Transcript at p 81 lines 5–14, p 83 lines 13–16.

but this did not suggest that Ms Woo knew that the Purchasers were not persons
of means. It is common for purchasers to defray housing loan installments by
leasing out the property. As Ms Woo explained, it is also common for a
purchaser investor to look for a tenanted unit so that they can receive rental
income immediately after completion without having to source for a tenant. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC at para 16.

(B) No combination involving the first defendant

70 Proceeding on the assumption that the first defendant had agreed to conceal
the Furniture Rebates from the plaintiff, the remaining acts relied upon by
the plaintiff, coupled with the first defendant’s implementation of the
Furniture Rebate Plan, were still insufficient to show that the first
defendant was part of a broader scheme, together with the other two
defendants, to commit unlawful acts vis-à-vis the plaintiff. There were
alternative explanations for the first defendant’s various conduct, which
relate to the first defendant acting out of its own self-interest and self-
preservation without regard to the dealings as between the Purchasers and the
second and third defendants on the one hand and the plaintiff on the other.

71 Many of the acts relied upon by the plaintiff, such as the use of the
Furniture Rebates for various payments and charges (eg, stamp duty), the
payment of the balance of the Furniture Rebates to the Purchasers, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PCS at paras 182–187, 197–198, 201–202.

and the purported collection of cheques for the 4% Option Fee and 15%
Completion Fee, were part of the Furniture Rebate Plan. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

2 December 2020 Transcript at p 53 line 23 to p 54 line 14; Woo Pui Lim’s AEIC
at paras 8, 24–26, 42; Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at para 20; DCS at para 117.

If the first defendant had, in addition to the Furniture Rebate Plan, agreed
to conceal the Furniture Rebates from the plaintiff as well, the effect of
these agreements was to facilitate the Purchasers’ non-declaration of the
Furniture Rebates and procurement of excess loans. This effect would have been
apparent to Ms Woo, who admitted that she knew that the Furniture Rebates were
being concealed from the plaintiff. However, such knowledge was insufficient
to sustain the inference that Ms Woo had combined with the other defendants to
deceive the plaintiff. This was because the first defendant’s agreement to the
Furniture Rebate Plan and its alleged agreement to hide the Furniture Rebates
were also consistent with another plausible explanation, that is, the first
defendant had chosen to go along with these arrangements to facilitate the
sale of its own Units, and was apathetic to the unlawful activities taking
place at the loan procurement stage (see above at [47]).

72 The plaintiff also pointed to the various acts of concealment on the part
of the first defendant, such as the lack of publicity of the Furniture Rebates
and the first defendant’s failure to tell its own conveyancing lawyers about
the Furniture Rebates, to contend that first defendant had engaged in
uncommercial conduct which was only explainable by reference to the first
defendant’s participation in a plan to facilitate the disbursement of excess
loans. However, these could just as readily be explained by the first
defendant acting out of self-preservation to shield itself from the unlawful
activities taking place downstream at the loan procurement stage.

73 Keeping the Furniture Rebates away from the public eye was also consistent
with the first defendant’s awareness that some unlawful activities were going
on behind the scenes in the loan application process, and hence its desire to
stay out of the spotlight. I noted that there was correspondence between Ms
Woo and the second defendant, in which Ms Woo expressed concerns that the
second defendant’s proposed Stated Purchase Price for one of the Units was
“too high to justify and will draw unnecessary attention”. The plaintiff
argued that this meant that the first defendant was concerned about attracting
unnecessary attention from the plaintiff. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PCS at paras 149–155.

I did not think that this was what Ms Woo meant. Ms Woo stated her concerns in
response to an earlier email sent by the second defendant, wherein he proposed
fixing the Stated Purchase Price at a certain amount and claimed that “bank
and valuation can match” that amount. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

2PCB 726.

Since the second defendant already explained that the proposed Stated Purchase
Price was supported by bank valuation, it was unlikely that Ms Woo’s concern
was about attracting additional scrutiny from the plaintiff. Ms Woo was simply
worried about attracting attention from others in general, as she was aware
that there were some unlawful activities involving the Purchasers and the
second and third defendants.

74 In a similar vein, it was plausible that the first defendant was merely
distancing itself from any illegal activity occurring downstream in the loan
procurement process, by keeping its own solicitors in the dark about the
Furniture Rebates and taking the position that it received payment for the 4%
Option Fee and 15% Completion Fee. It did not work in the first defendant’s
interest for more people, including its own lawyers, to find out that it was
involved in transactions where Purchasers had procured excess bank loans. It
did not want to take responsibility for any misconduct by the second and third
defendants in their dealings with the plaintiff.

75 Hence, while the first defendant’s non-disclosure of the Furniture Rebates
from its own solicitors, and omission to publicise the Furniture Rebates in
general, had the effect of keeping the Purchasers’ deceit vis-à-vis the
plaintiff under wraps, it did not necessarily mean that the first defendant
had acted with the purpose of achieving that effect as part of a plan to
facilitate the disbursement of excess loans.

76 As a final point for completeness, not much can be made of the coordination
between the defendants in identifying tenanted Units to be sold to the
Purchasers. The first defendant was merely acting on the demands of the
Purchasers, who wanted tenanted Units (see above at [69]). Coordination in
this regard was insufficient to sustain the inference that the first defendant
was part of a broader scheme employing unlawful means.

(3) Conclusion

77 Ultimately, taken singly or together, the various factors, were to my mind
insufficient to show that the first defendant had combined with the other
defendants. The behaviour of the first defendant could just as easily be
explained as a willingness to go along with the purchase arrangements, without
caring how the plaintiff was affected. As it was aware that unlawful
activities were taking place downstream causing the plaintiff to disburse
excess loans, it sought to keep the existence of this purchase arrangement
under wraps to avoid being implicated in whatever that was going on between
the Purchasers, the second defendant, the third defendant and the plaintiff.
These might perhaps be sharp practice, but it would not on current law lead to
tortious liability.

Intention to injure

The meaning of intention to injure

78 For a claim in unlawful means conspiracy to succeed, there must be
combination, accompanied by the intention to injure by unlawful means. This
intention to injure need not be the predominant intention: EFT Holdings CA at
[96]. Injury to the claimant must have been intended as a means to an end or
as an end in itself: EFT Holdings CA at [101].

79 As a matter of logic, if the conspirators intend the damaging consequences
of their actions, they must necessarily know that such an act carries the
damaging consequences alleged: OUE Lippo at [191]. However, knowledge that a
particular conduct would harm the claimant, would not by itself amount to an
intention to injure. As the Court of Appeal held in EFT Holdings CA at [101]:

Lesser states of mind, such as an appreciation that a course of conduct would
inevitably harm the claimant, would not amount to an intention to injure,
although it may be a factor supporting an inference of intention on the
factual circumstances of the case. In Lonrho plc v Fayed [1990] 2 QB 479 at
488–489 Woolf LJ observed that the requisite intent (for the tort of causing
loss by unlawful means) would be satisfied if the defendant fully appreciated
that a course of conduct that he was embarking upon would have a particular
consequence to a claimant but nonetheless decided to pursue that course of
conduct; or if the defendant deliberately embarked upon a course of conduct
while appreciating the probable consequences to the claimant. In our judgment,
this is inconsistent with the requirement that intention must be shown. It is
simply insufficient in seeking to meet the element of intention to show merely
that there was knowledge to found an awareness of the likelihood of particular
consequences.

[emphasis in original]

The Court of Appeal in EFT Holdings CA at [101] also stressed that it is not
sufficient that harm to the claimant would be likely, or probable or even
inevitable consequence of the defendant’s conduct.

80 In Chew Kong Huat and others v Ricwil (Singapore) Pte Ltd [1999] 3 SLR(R)
1167 (“Chew Kong Huat”), a case cited by the plaintiff, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PCS at para 219.

the first appellant-defendant, Mr Chew, was a major shareholder and managing
director of the respondent-plaintiff, Ricwil. Mr Chew was the managing
director of the third appellant-defendant, Sintalow. In breach of his
fiduciary duties, Mr Chew procured Sintalow to supply to another company the
very goods that were to be supplied by Ricwil, and in doing so, arranged the
contracts such that the burden was borne by Ricwil while the benefit was
received by Sintalow (at [32]). The Court of Appeal held at [35] found that Mr
Chew and Sintalow must have intended to injure Ricwil, because “the loss or
damage to Ricwil was a necessary corollary of the profit accruing to Sintalow”
and that “[t]here was a direct nexus between these events”.

81 The decision in Chew Kong Huat is not inconsistent with the holding in EFT
Holdings CA. In Chew Kong Huat Mr Chew was effectively diverting a business
contract from Ricwil to Sintalow. This meant that the conspirators not only
knew that their benefit inevitably resulted in a loss to Ricwil, but also knew
that damage had to be caused to Ricwil so that Sintalow to obtain its intended
profits. In other words, the conspirators appreciated that the injury to
Ricwil was a necessary step to Sintalow’s intended gain on the facts of that
case, and therefore, Sintalow must have intended the injury to Ricwil.

Analysis

82 The first defendant knew that the Purchasers would be obtaining loans in
circumvention of the 80% LTV Limit and in excess of the Actual Purchase Price
(see at [46] above). The question was whether it can be inferred from such
knowledge, along with other pieces of evidence, that the first defendant
intended to injure the plaintiff, be it by placing it in breach of MAS Notice
632 or causing it to bear the risk of default. For reasons similar to those
given in relation to the absence of a combination involving the first
defendant, the various assertions by the plaintiff, even when taken against
the background of the quiet property market at the time, were to my mind
insufficient to show any intention to injure the plaintiff.

83 The effect of the Furniture Rebate Plan was that it assisted the Purchasers
in the procurement of excess loans. The first defendant knew of this effect,
but there was insufficient evidence indicating that the first defendant had
intended this effect. As mentioned at [47] above, the first defendant’s
conduct could also be explained on the basis that it went along with the
purchase arrangement without caring how the plaintiff was affected. The
subsequent acts by the first defendant to keep the existence of the Furniture
Rebates under wraps were also explicable on the basis that it was merely
masking its own involvement in transactions where over-lending had occurred.

84 When faced with a claim in unlawful means conspiracy, a defendant cannot
evade liability simply because its primary motive was to further or protect
their own interests, where it has been shown that the conspirators
intentionally injured the claimant: Lonrho plc v Fayed [1992] 1 AC 448 per
Lord Bridge at 465-466, cited in EFT Holdings CA at [97] with approval. This
is consistent with the principle that there is no need for the claimant to
prove that the conspirators’ dominant intention was to cause injury to it; a
mere intention to injure was sufficient. However, in the present case, it
could not be inferred that the first defendant even had a mere intention to
injure, as it was plausible that the first defendant was acting solely in its
own interest without paying heed to how the first defendant would be impacted.

85 The plaintiff argued that causing harm to the plaintiff was a “necessary
corollary” of the first defendant’s disposal of its Units, and this was
sufficient to establish the intention to injure, akin to the situation in Chew
Kong Huat. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PCS at para 231.

As held by the Court of Appeal in EFT Holdings CA at [101], even if harm to a
claimant is an inevitable consequence of the defendant’s conduct, that would
not suffice to prove an intention to injure. The present case was also
distinguishable from Chew Kong Huat. As explained, the conspirators in Chew
Kong Huat knew that the claimant had to be injured in order for it to obtain
its intended benefit. Here, there was insufficient evidence showing that the
first defendant knew that the plaintiff had to over-lend in order for it to
sell the Units to the Purchasers. As I had found above at [66]–[69], it could
not be inferred that the first defendant knew, or had blind-eye knowledge, of
the Purchasers’ financial constraint. Without knowing that the plaintiff had
to over-lend before was able to sell its Units, the first defendant could not
have intended the injury to the plaintiff as a means to its end (see above at
[79]).

86 I was therefore not convinced that the plaintiff had established, on a
balance of probabilities, that the first defendant had the intention to injure
the plaintiff.

Unlawful means

87 One of the main unlawful means pointed to during the hearing and in further
written submissions was the breach of the MAS Notice 632 and hence
contravention of s 55 of the Banking Act (Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “Banking
Act”). The difficulty with this was that any such contravention would have to
be by the plaintiff bank, and not the defendants. The plaintiff had not
pointed me to case authorities which held that unlawful means, for the
purposes of unlawful means conspiracy, included unlawful acts by the
plaintiff-victim as a consequence of the alleged conspiracy.

88 The plaintiff put forward two case authorities, the High Court’s decision
in OUE Lippo and the English Court of Appeal case of Belmont Finance
Corporation v Williams Furniture Ltd and Ors (No. 2) [1980] 1 All ER 393
(“Belmont Finance”), which in its view supported such a proposition. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Plaintiff’s Further Submissions dated 26 April 2021 (“PFS”) at paras 6–10.

I agreed with the first defendant that these two cases did not assist the
plaintiff. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Defendant’s Further Submissions dated 3 May 2021 (“DFS”) at paras 14–20.

89 In OUE Lippo, the plaintiff, IHC, entered into a credit facility (the
“Standby Facility”) and used the funds to indirectly acquire its own shares.
In a previous decision, the Standby Facility was determined to be void for
contravention of s 76(1A) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (the
“Companies Act”). The plaintiff in this case brought a claim against the
defendants, which included Mr Fan, an officer of IHC, for their roles in
causing it to enter into and draw down on the Standby Facility to purchase its
own shares. One of the causes of action was the tort of unlawful means
conspiracy. There were two unlawful means alleged. The first was the entry
into and drawdowns on the Standby Facility in contravention of s 76(1A) of the
Companies Act. The second was breaches of fiduciary duties by Mr Fan: OUE
Lippo at [172].

90 The High Court in OUE Lippo held that Mr Fan, and other defendants, had
furthered their common object through procuring IHC’s entry into and
subsequent drawdowns on the Standby Facility (at [189]). The court then went
on to hold that the Standby Facility was illegal for contravening the
Companies Act, while Mr Fan breached his fiduciary duties by virtue of his
role in the transaction (at [190]). Eventually, the High Court found that Mr
Fan, and some of the other defendants, were liable for unlawful means
conspiracy to injure IHC (at [335(d)]). This finding was not disturbed on
appeal.

91 As the first defendant rightly noted, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DFS at para 18.

s 76(5) of the Companies Act provides that if a company contravenes s 76(1A),
the company shall not be guilty of an offence, but each officer of the company
who is in default shall be guilty of an offence. In finding that the Standby
Facility was in contravention of s 76(1A) of the Companies Act, the High Court
in OUE Lippo in effect held that Mr Fan had committed an offence under the
Companies Act in addition to having breached his fiduciary duties. As IHC, the
plaintiff-victim in this case, was not guilty of an offence, the decision in
OUE Lippo did not support the plaintiff’s proposition that that “unlawful
means” extend to infringements of statutory provisions by the plaintiff-
victim.

92 The English Court of Appeal case of Belmont Finance also involved a breach
of the prohibition against financial assistance. Through the agreement of 3
October 1963 (the “contract”), the plaintiff company provided financial
assistance to one Mr Grosscurth, one of the defendants, to acquire the
plaintiff company’s own share capital. This was in contravention of s 54 of
the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) (the “UK Companies Act”), which contains
the prohibition against financial assistance. Notably, s 54 of the UK
Companies Act penalises the company and every officer of the company who is in
default. On the facts of Belmont Finance, only the plaintiff company violated
the prohibition. None of the defendants could have infringed the prohibition
because they were not officers of the plaintiff company.

93 However, Buckley LJ in Belmont Finance did not hold that the plaintiff
company’s infringement of s 54 of the UK Companies Act constituted the
unlawful means through which the conspiracy was effected. Buckley LJ (with
whom Goff LJ and Waller LJ agreed) found that the acts which the defendants
had combined to carry out were the acts of entering into the contract,
procuring the plaintiff to enter into the contract, and ensuring that the
contract was implemented. This is apparent from the plaintiff’s statement of
claim, the way in which Buckley LJ had framed the issues, as well as his
holding. In the statement of claim, the plaintiff alleged that the contract
was in contravention of s 54 of the UK Companies Act, and that the defendants
conspired to carry that contract into effect, causing it to suffer damage (at
400). When setting out the issues to be determined in that case, Buckley LJ
said (at 400):

The first question for consideration is whether the agreement did contravene s
54 of the 1948 Act. Only if the answer to that question is affirmative does
the question whether the defendants or any of them are guilty of conspiracy
arise, for it is the illegality of the agreement, if it be illegal, which
constitutes the common intention of the parties to enter into the agreement a
conspiracy at law.

[emphasis added]

In finding that the alleged conspiracy was established in respect of three of
the defendants (at 404), Buckley LJ held that the agreement was unlawful, for
it was a contract by the plaintiff to do an unlawful act (viz, to provide
financial assistance to Mr Grosscurth to purchase its own share capital) (at
403), and that three of the defendants had participated in a common intention
to enter into the contract, to procure the plaintiff to enter into the
contract, and then to ensure that it was implemented (at 404).

94 Buckley LJ had instead analysed the plaintiff company’s violation of s 54
of the UK Companies Act as part of the element of the intention to injure.
Buckley LJ held that for the plaintiff company to succeed in a claim in
conspiracy (at 404):

[T]he plaintiff must establish (a) a combination of the defendants, (b) to
effect an unlawful purpose, (c) resulting in damage to the plaintiff (Crofter
Hand Woven Harris Tweed Co Ltd v Veitch per Lord Simon LC).

It is clear from Crofter Hand Woven Harris Tweed Company v Veitch [1942] AC
435, the leading authority on lawful means conspiracy, that the phrase
“combination to effect an unlawful purpose” referred to a combination with an
intention to injure (see at 440–447 per Viscount Simon LC). Buckley LJ in
Belmont Finance then proceeded to find that the “unlawful purpose” of the
alleged conspiracy was the plaintiff company’s provision of financial
assistance to Mr Grosscurth in contravention of s 54 of the UK Companies Act.

95 The plaintiff had therefore not pointed me to any authorities which
supported the proposition that “unlawful means” in the tort of unlawful means
conspiracy encompass unlawful acts committed by the plaintiff-victim as a
consequence of the alleged conspiracy.

96 The plaintiff then argued that the fact that the defendants’ Furniture
Rebate Plan was intended to effect an unlawful purpose (ie, breach of MAS
Notice 632) was sufficient to establish the element of “unlawful means”,
notwithstanding that the Conspiracy put the plaintiff (and not the defendants)
in breach of MAS Notice 632. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

PFS at paras 19 and 27.

However, the tort is one of unlawful means, not unlawful consequences. The
defendants’ actions might expose the plaintiff bank to possible regulatory
action or prosecution, but these were not actionable under the conspiracy to
cause harm by unlawful means. I could see no reason to extend the tort to the
acts complained of, and it was not strongly contended for anyway.

97 The plaintiff also relied on the allegations of deceit as unlawful means,
namely, the Purchase Price Misrepresentations, Identity Misrepresentations,
Financial Standing Fraud and Payment Misrepresentations. The first three acts
of deceit were allegedly committed by the second and third defendants, whilst
the last act of deceit was allegedly committed by the first defendant. These
would in principal count as unlawful means, but the plaintiff would need to
show that the other elements were fulfilled as well, in order to succeed in
its claim in conspiracy.

Unlawful acts done in furtherance of combination

98 It is not enough that there is a combination or agreement, and that some
unlawful means were used to cause harm. There must be a link between the
combination and the unlawful means to clothe all the participants with
liability. In this regard, there was insufficient evidence to my mind to
establish that there was any combination involving the first defendant to
cause harm to the plaintiff in any of these modes of deceit. Even if the acts
were done by the second and third defendants in furtherance of the conspiracy,
I did not find that there was any common design in any of the alleged acts of
deceit committed by the second and third defendants that would have involved
the first defendant. Even if I were to accept the various assertions made by
the plaintiff as showing the existence of a combination which the first
defendant was a part of, that would still not show that there was any such
combination to employ deceit.

99 Assuming the first defendant had agreed with the other two defendants that
it would sell units to purchasers who it knew were financially constrained and
were mere nominees, 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

See PCS at paras 53 and 63.

and that it would support the financially constrained Purchasers in the
purchase of their Units by delaying the encashment of the 1% Option Fee until
they were able to obtain bank financing, 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

PCS at paras 173, 175 and 179.

this would not be sufficient to show that the first defendant was part of a
combination to employ the Identity Misrepresentation and Financial Standing
Fraud. As pointed out by the first defendant, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DCS at para 164.

there was no evidence indicating that the first defendant was aware that 28
Purchasers were making false representations as to the true identity of the
buyers. Neither was there evidence demonstrating the first defendant’s
knowledge that monies were being recycled amongst the Purchasers’ accounts to
portray the impression that the Purchasers had good financial standing.

100 There is no need for an alleged conspirator to know what the others have
agreed to do. However, an alleged conspirator must, at the very least, know
that those acts were being carried before it could sensibly be said to be part
of a combination to commit the same. As the Court of Appeal held in EFT
Holdings CA at [114], “[i]t is meaningless to speak of an agreement or
combination in the absence of a common understanding of the material facts
being shared by all the alleged conspirators”. Absent evidence showing the
first defendant’s knowledge of the Identity Misrepresentation and Financial
Standing Fraud, it could not be said that the first defendant was part of a
combination to commit these two acts of deceit.

101 Finally, as mentioned at [71], assuming that the first defendant had
agreed to suppress the existence of the Furniture Rebates on its part, and to
this end had issued the Furniture Rebate Letter only after the Purchasers
submitted the FLAs, and give TSMP the wrong impression that these payments had
been made, these were still insufficient to prove the existence of a
combination to employ the Purchase Price Misrepresentations or the Payment
Misrepresentations. The first defendant’s willingness to go along with these
arrangements could just as well be explained by its indifference to the
dealings as between the Purchasers and the plaintiff.

Harm or damage caused

102 I was doubtful that the conspiracy claim would be made out on the basis
that the Housing Loans were made on something other than what was the “true
price”. There is no true price for real property; these are not marked to
market as are securities, nor is there any market that can indicate the true
market price. As the evidence showed that the Stated Purchase Price expressed
on the loan application forms were within what would have been accepted as
reasonable valuations, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

See 4AB 1781.

I was unable to conclude that there was any harm occurring to the plaintiff in
this manner.

103 As for the breach of MAS Notice 632, some evidence of the consequences of
any breach, particularly where these were alleged to have been caused by the
actions of other parties, should have been put in. In its submissions, the
plaintiff only pointed to the possible imposition of statutory penalties set
out in s 55(3) read with s 71 of the Banking Act in force at the material
time. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PFS at paras 33–34.

104 For these reasons, I was also doubtful that a conspiracy tied into any
alleged inflation above the “true price” itself would have been made out just
between the second and third defendants, even allowing this on the pleadings
as they stand. That leaves a conspiracy founded on deceit, in relation to the
Identity Misrepresentations and Financial Standing Fraud, but as noted below
at [106], any finding of conspiracy between the second and third defendants
would not add anything to their liability as tortfeasors anyway.

Claims in deceit

105 The elements of the tort of deceit are as follows (Panatron Pte Ltd and
another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [14]):

(a) there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct;

(b) the representation must be made with the knowledge that it is false; it
must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief
that it is true;

(c) the representation must be made with the intention that it should be acted
upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which includes the plaintiff;

(d) the plaintiff acted upon the false statement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered damage in so doing.

106 Regarding the alleged misrepresentations by the second and third
defendants (ie, Identity Misrepresentations, Financial Standing Fraud and
Payment Misrepresentation), these claims were made out. I noted that neither
of these defendants put up any fight as such. Whether their liability arose as
tortfeasors, or in conspiracy, did not make a substantial difference to the
outcome.

107 As regards the Payment Misrepresentations supposedly involving the first
defendant directly, I did find that even if there was any such representation,
there was no reliance, given the existence of the Form 3 mechanism. The fact
that payment could have been cancelled by the bank was irrelevant: it was
effectively assumed that payment would be made. The claim in deceit against
the first defendant thus failed.

Purchase Price Misrepresentations, Identity Misrepresentations and Financial
Standing Fraud by the second and third defendants

108 In relation to the Purchase Price Misrepresentations and Identity
Misrepresentations, the Purchasers did not declare the Furniture Rebates they
had received, and represented themselves as “the true and full owners” of the
property in their Housing Loan Application Forms (see above at [12]–[15]).
These representations were in fact made by the second defendant, who supplied
the transaction details, including the purchase price of the Units. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

1 December 2020 Transcript at p 27 lines 5–17; Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at para 28.

The third defendant also assisted the Purchasers in obtaining Housing Loans
from the plaintiff, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at para 28.

and was complicit in this. In so doing, the second and third defendants
knowingly represented a false state of affairs, through the Purchasers, to the
plaintiff. They were aware of the existence and approximate quantum of the
Furniture Rebates since December 2011, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at paras 20; D1’s Defence at paras 15(b)–17; D2 and D3’s
Defence at para 55; PCS at para 298(b).

prior to the submission of the Housing Loan Application Forms. They also knew
that 32 of the Purchasers were nominees for various investors, and who these
investors were. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Goh Buck Lim’s AEIC at paras 46–50; D2 and D3’s Defence at para 10(a); 2nd and
3rd Defendants’ Further and Better Particulars dated 13 March 2015 at para 1.

The evidence also showed that the plaintiff’s officers had relied on these
false representations to approve the Housing Loan Applications and disburse
the Housing Loans. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC at paras 66, 127 and 152; Chua Bee Kim’s AEIC at paras
4, 8 and 11; Tan Ang Ee’s AEIC at paras 10, 14 and 24; Ang Tsuey Rong’s AEIC
at paras 11 and 18; 18 November 2020 Transcript at p 80 line 25 to p 81 line
7, p 86 lines 5–22.

I was also satisfied that such reliance by the plaintiff was intended by the
second and third defendants, who had deliberately procured these false
representations on the Loan Application Forms submitted by the Purchasers.

109 For the tort of deceit to succeed, there is no need for the false
representation to be made by the defendant to the plaintiff directly. As long
as the defendant intended the misrepresentation to be communicated to the
plaintiff, through a third party, the representation so communicated would
suffice (Gary Chan Kok Yew & Lee Pey Woan, The Law of Torts in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) at 14.016). This was the case here in so
far as the Purchase Price Misrepresentations and Identity Misrepresentations
were concerned.

110 The second and third defendants were also liable for the Financial
Standing Fraud. They had admitted to arranging the Inter-Account Transfers for
the Housing Loan Applications. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

D2 and D3’s Defence at para 11.

As a result of these Inter-Account Transfers, the Purchasers could satisfy the
plaintiff’s AUM requirements. This relayed a false impression of their
financial ability to service the loan to the plaintiff, who relied on the AUM
to approve and disburse the loans. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Chia Siew Cheng’s AEIC at para 156; 1PCB 123–124, 132–133, 143, 152–153,
161–162, 172, 180, 190, 200, 210, 221, 231, 243, 253, 265, 275, 296, 306,
317–318, 331, 343, 353–354, 364, 374, 384, 395, 405, 415, 429–430, 442–443,
454–455, 466, 479–480, 492-493, 506, 518, 530.

Having engaged in the Inter-Account Transfers, the second and third defendants
must have known that the Purchasers, absent the Inter-Account Transfers, would
not be able to satisfy the AUM. Indeed, the second defendant admitted that the
Purchasers did not have the requisite financial standing to obtain loans from
the plaintiff, and that the Inter-Account Transfers were to mislead the
plaintiff into thinking that the Purchasers had sufficient AUM, so that the
plaintiff would disburse the Housing Loans. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

1 December 2020 Transcript at p 90 line 20 to p 91 line 3, p 113 lines 13–18.

Payment Misrepresentations by the first defendant

111 The plaintiff’s case was that the TSMP Letters, which were addressed to
PKWA in its capacity as the plaintiff’s solicitors, contained the Payment
Misrepresentations. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PCS at para 353.

The TSMP Letters were sent out on the first defendant’s instructions. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

PCS at para 358.

Even assuming that the Payment Misrepresentations were made by the first
defendant, there was no actionable claim in deceit given that the plaintiff
had not relied on any such representation.

Summary of parties’ submissions

112 The plaintiff emphasised that confirming that the Balance Purchase Price
had been paid was a crucial part of the loan disbursement process. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

19 April 2021 Transcript at p 52 line 15 to line 13.

Such payment assured the plaintiff that the Purchaser had the financial means
to service the Housing Loan, created a buffer between the amount of the
Housing Loan and the purchase price of the property which would cushion the
plaintiff against a fall in value of the property should the plaintiff need to
realise its security, and the Housing Loan had to be disbursed in compliance
with MAS Notice 632. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PCS at para 366.

113 The plaintiff submitted that the question of reliance had to be assessed
at the point in time when the cashier’s order was handed over to TSMP, the
first defendant’s solicitors. This was because at any prior time the
disbursement process could be stopped, and the cashier’s order returned to the
plaintiff and cancelled without loss. Form 3 was a document filled in by PKWA
and submitted to the plaintiff to request for the preparation of the cashier’s
order. As Form 3 merely kickstarted the process for the preparation of the
cashier’s orders, it was irrelevant to the issue of reliance. At the time of
completion, PKWA, on behalf of the plaintiff, handed over the cashier’s orders
to TSMP only upon TSMP’s confirmation that the Balance Purchase Price had been
made, as set out in the TSMP Letters. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PCS at paras 367, 371, 380 and 383; PRS at paras 93–94.

114 On the other hand, the first defendant submitted that in approving the
disbursement of the Housing Loans, the plaintiff relied on Form 3 to the
exclusion of the TSMP Letters. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

DCS at paras 24–44.

This was the case for Theodora as well. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

DCS at paras 84–92.

Furthermore, there was no evidence that at the time of completion, PKWA had
verified that the Balance Purchase Price had been paid. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

DRS at paras 75–77.

Analysis

115 It could not be denied that the plaintiff needed to ensure that the
Balance Purchase Prices were paid before it disbursed the Housing Loans.
However, the way in which the plaintiff ensured this was through Form 3, to
the exclusion of the TSMP Letters which contained the Payment
Misrepresentations. Form 3 was the document relied upon by the plaintiff in
authorising the disbursement of the Housing Loan to each of the 38 Purchasers.
There was also no evidence from PKWA as to whether they had verified, at the
time of completion, that the Balance Purchase Price had been paid before
handing over the cashier’s orders to TSMP. In any event, once the plaintiff
had authorised the issuance of the cashier’s orders to disburse the Housing
Loans, it was effectively assumed that payment would be made. It was
irrelevant that the plaintiff could have cancelled the payment subsequently.

116 The plaintiff’s Standard Terms set out conditions precedent to the
disbursement of the loan, one of which being the plaintiff’s satisfaction that
the Purchaser had paid the Balance Purchase Price (Clause 1.1(x)). 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

19AB 10232.

The Standard Mortgage Policies, which contained the standard engagement terms
on which the plaintiff engaged its lawyers for the purpose of mortgage
transactions, 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

19AB 10121–10140; 20 November 2020 Transcript at p 33 lines 8–11.

placed an obligation on PKWA to ensure that all conditions precedent to the
disbursement of the loan had been fulfilled, including the condition precedent
that the borrower had paid the Balance Purchase Price in full (Clause 9.1(c)).
162

##### Foot Note 162

×

19AB 10130–10132.

117 By way of a document known as Form 3, PKWA provided the plaintiff with the
confirmation that the conditions precedent, including the payment of the
Balance Purchase Price, had been fulfilled. The material portions of Form 3
read: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Exhibit D2; 20 November 2020 Transcript at p 39 lines 12–14; 24 November 2020
Transcript p 3 line 23 to p 4 line 1.

1) We hereby confirm that:-

(e) all conditions precedent (whether general or specific and whether
stipulated in the Facility Letter(s), the Bank’s Standard Terms and Conditions
Governing Credit Facilities or where applicable, the Bank’s Standard Terms and
Conditions Governing Banking Facilities or otherwise as advised by the Bank
from time to time) for the disbursement or implementation of the loan or
banking facilities granted by the Bank to the Borrower(s) are satisfactory and
have all been fulfilled.

2) Where applicable, we confirm that payment in full of the difference between
the purchase price and the facilities granted by the Bank to the Borrower(s)
has been made.

…

6) We understand that the Bank will proceed with the disbursement or
implementation of the loan or banking facilities granted by the Bank to the
Borrower(s):

(a) in full reliance:-

…

(ii) of our confirmations furnished in this Form … in relation to the
Mortgaged Property; and

(b) in full reliance and understanding that we have read and accepted and have
at all times strictly complied with all the requirements stated under ...
Annex B - Standard Mortgage Policies … and that we have carried out and
discharged all our duties stated thereunder prior to us issuing this letter,
and we hereby confirm that it is in order for the Bank to proceed with such
disbursement/implementation and/or any subsequent disbursement/implementation.

[emphasis added]

118 Before disbursing the Housing Loans, the plaintiff’s Retail Loan
Operations Centre (“RLOC”) carried out a standard set of checks set out in a
“Document Checklist for New Purchase / Refinancing (For LM)” (the “Document
Checklist”) to ensure that the documentation and conditions required for
disbursement were fulfilled. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Tan Ang Ee’s AEIC at para 10; 20 November 2020 Transcript at p 10 line 8 to p
11 line 5.

One of these checks was whether PKWA had confirmed, via Form 3, that payment
of the Balance Purchase Price was made. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Tan Ang Ee’s AEIC at para 10(f); 20 November 2020 Transcript at p 31 lines
8–9; 24 November 2020 Transcript at p 52 lines 9–13.

Upon this confirmation by PKWA, the plaintiff approved the disbursement of the
Housing Loan and issued the cashier’s order for the loan amount. PKWA then
handed the cashier’s orders over to TSMP on the date of completion. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Tan Ang Ee’s AEIC at para 17.

119 At the material time, Ms Jenny Ang (“Ms Ang”) and Ms Tan Ang Ee (“Ms Tan”)
were the Assistant Vice President and the Vice President in the document
processing team within the plaintiff’s RLOC respectively. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Ang Tsuey Rong’s AEIC at para 2; Tan Ang Ee’s AEIC at para 2.

Ms Ang authorised the disbursement of Housing Loans to 20 Purchasers. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Ang Tsuey Rong’s AEIC at para 9; 24 November 2020 Transcript at p 50 lines
5–9.

Ms Tan approved the disbursement of Housing Loans to the remaining 18
Purchasers. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Tan Ang Ee’s AEIC at para 13.

Form 3 was received by the plaintiff for each Purchaser. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

20 November 2020 Transcript at p 41 lines 2–5.

120 It was clear from Ms Ang’s and Ms Tan’s evidence that the only document
relied on by the plaintiff to ensure that the Balance Purchase Price had been
paid was Form 3, not the TSMP Letter. When asked whether she saw the TSMP
Letter prior to authorising the disbursement of the Housing Loans, Ms Ang said
that most of the time, she only saw the TSMP Letter after the disbursement of
the Housing Loans. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

24 November 2020 Transcript at p 51 lines 19–23.

Ms Ang testified that the Document Checklist only required her to check for
Form 3. It was not necessary for her to see Form 3 together with the TSMP
Letter before authorising the disbursement. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

24 November 2020 Transcript at p 52 line 9 to 53 line 21.

Similar evidence was given by Ms Tan. Ms Tan confirmed that in deciding
whether to approve the disbursement of the loan, she relied on PKWA’s
confirmation as to whether the Purchaser had paid the Balance Purchase Price,
and this confirmation was contained in Form 3. Without Form 3, she would not
have authorised the disbursement. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

20 November 2020 Transcript at p 29 line 1 to p 31 line 18.

Ms Ang’s and Ms Tan’s evidence collectively demonstrated that the TSMP Letter,
and the Payment Misrepresentations contained therein, did not play any part in
inducing the plaintiff to authorise the disbursement of the Housing Loans.

121 Ms Ang’s and Ms Tan’s evidence cohered with the plaintiff’s Standard
Mortgage Policies, wherein the plaintiff expressly stated that it would rely
on its lawyer’s confirmations in Form 3 to disburse the loans. Clause 9.2(ii)
of the Standard Mortgage Policies read:

Upon the Bank’s receipt of your advice/instructions for disbursement or
implementation of the Facilities or any part thereof, the Bank will forthwith
proceed with the disbursement or implementation of the Facilities or any part
thereof in full reliance of your professional advice/instructions, your
confirmations furnished in the relevant completed Form 1LM, Form 2ROT and Form
3 and in full reliance and on the understanding that all the aforesaid duties
shall have already been discharged by you prior to such advice/instructions
for disbursement or implementation.

[emphasis added]

Form 3 contained a corresponding acknowledgment from PKWA that the plaintiff
would proceed with the disbursement “in full reliance” of PKWA’s confirmations
furnished in Form 3. Form 3 confirmed, amongst other matters, that payment of
the Balance Purchase Price had been made (Clause 6(a)(ii)).

122 It was also telling that cashier’s orders for four of the Purchasers were
issued before the date of the relevant TSMP Letters for these Purchasers. In
contrast, all 38 cashier’s orders were issued after the receipt by the
plaintiff of the relevant Form 3. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Exhibit D-3.

In fact, in Theodora’s case, TSMP did not issue any letter to PKWA expressly
confirming that the first defendant had received a cheque or direct payment of
the 15% Completion Fee.

123 In so far as Theodora was concerned, Ms Ang initially took the position
that she had inferred, from the fact that the first defendant was willing to
proceed to completion, that the 15% Completion Fee had been paid by Theodora.
175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Ang Tsuey Rong’s AEIC at para 14; 24 November 2020 Transcript at p 72 line 17
to p 73 line 2.

However, Ms Ang admitted at trial that she did not make this inference before
authorising the issuance of the cashier’s order. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

24 November 2020 Transcript at p 76 lines 1–7.

The alleged inference had no part to play in her decision to authorise the
disbursement of the Housing Loan. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

24 November 2020 Transcript at p 70 lines 2–15, p 74 line 17 to p 75 line 1, p
79 lines 13–24.

She confirmed that the Housing Loan for Theodora was disbursed upon receipt
of, and in reliance on, Form 3 from PKWA, just like all the other 37
Purchasers.

124 I therefore find that the TSMP Letters did not play a role in inducing the
plaintiff to authorise the disbursement of the Housing Loans to each of the 38
Purchasers. Rather, Form 3 was the document which the plaintiff had relied on.
For completeness, I note that there was no direct evidence from PKWA as to
what it had relied on to issue the confirmation in Form 3. Most of the Form 3s
were issued prior to the TSMP Letters. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Exhibit D-4.

125 The plaintiff stressed that reliance should be assessed when the cashier’s
orders were handed over to TSMP on completion, not at the time when the
issuance of the cashier’s orders were authorised. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PRS at paras 90–91.

However, this was inconsistent with Clause 3.5.1 of the plaintiff’s Standard
Terms, which expressly provided that “[w]here drawdown is by way of cashier’s
order…the Credit Facility shall be deemed to have been disbursed on the date
of the cashier’s order”. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

19AB 10234.

In other words, the Housing Loan was deemed to have been disbursed when the
cashier’s order was issued. As set out above, the cashier’s order was issued
on the back of PKWA’s confirmation in Form 3.

126 In oral submissions, counsel for the plaintiff argued that parties could
not have intended for the Housing Loans to be disbursed at the point in time
when the cashier’s orders were issued. Otherwise, the Housing Loan would
effectively become an unsecured loan, as completion would not have taken place
then. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

19 April 2020 Transcript at p 55 lines 15–24.

However, as counsel for the first defendant rightly pointed out, Clause 2.1 of
the Standard Mortgage Policies obliged the plaintiff’s lawyers to lodge a
caveat against the mortgaged property. The caveat afforded the plaintiff a
measure of protection between the time of the cashier’s order was issued and
the time of completion. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

19 April 2020 Transcript at p 68 line 7 to p 69 line 15; 19AB 10071.

127 In any event, no evidence from PKWA was adduced as to whether it had
verified, at the time of completion, that the 15% Completion Fee was made
before handing over the cashier’s orders to TSMP. Ms Ang and Ms Tan’s evidence
was that at the time of completion, PKWA would have to confirm with TSMP again
that the Balance Purchase Price had been paid, before releasing the cashier’s
order. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

24 November 2020 Transcript at p 53 lines 2–9, p 63 line 19 to p 64 line 5, p
67 line 24 to p 68 line 7, p 91 line 18 to p 92 line 9, p 93 line 20 to p 94
line 24; Tan Ang Ee’s AEIC at para 21.

However, at its highest, their evidence only showed that the plaintiff had the
expectation that PKWA would undertake this course of conduct. Indeed, Ms Ang
and Ms Tan could not give evidence as to what PKWA actually did on the day of
completion, because neither of them was present at the completion of any of
the 38 transactions.

128 In these circumstances, even if the first defendant had made Payment
Misrepresentations, the plaintiff had not relied on any such representation.

Ms Ong’s evidence

129 While Ms Ong’s evidence was immaterial as regards the knowledge of the
plaintiff as to any fraud, she could possibly have been able to testify as to
the likely state of affairs involving the defendants, and their knowledge or
otherwise. This would perhaps have had an impact on the outcome, but I
appreciated that both sides might have had their tactical reasons for not
calling Ms Ong as their witness, so I would not comment further on this point.

Conclusion

130 As against the second and third defendants, the claims in deceit succeed.
The damages arising from the successful claims in deceit against them remain
to be assessed. The claims against the first defendant were dismissed
entirely.

131 Directions was given separately for determination of costs. I also gave
directions for a pre-trial conference for parties to indicate their position
going forward.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court

Ng Ka Luon Eddee, Alcina Lynn Chew Aiping, Chan Yi Zhang, Leong Qianyu,
Bertrice Hsu and Thaddaeus Tan (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiff;

Siraj Omar SC, See Chern Yang, Teng Po Yew, Audie Wong Cheng Siew and
Fitzgerald Hendroff (Drew & Napier LLC) for the 1st defendant;

The second defendant in person;

The third defendant absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Dec 2021 (14:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

