Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC(A) 14

Originating Summons No 42 of 2021

Between

Engine Holdings Asia Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

JTrust Asia Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 1000 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal No 209 of 2021)

Between

JTrust Asia Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Engine Holdings Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| APF Holdings Co Ltd  
  
… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out] — [Extended doctrine of res judicata]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Engine Holdings Asia Pte Ltd

  
v

  

JTrust Asia Pte Ltd

[2021] SGHC(A) 14

Appellate Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 42 of 2021  
Woo Bih Li JAD and Chua Lee Ming J  
15 September 2021

18 October 2021 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the judgment of the court):

Background

1 AD/OS 42/2021 (“the present OS”) is an application by Engine Holdings Asia
Pte Ltd (“Engine”) for leave to appeal against the decision of the High Court
judge (“the Judge”) in HC/RA 209/2021 (“RA 209”). In RA 209, the Judge had
affirmed the decision of an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) in HC/SUM 2413/2021
(“the Striking Out Summons”) not to strike out HC/S 1000/2020.

2 The respondent to the present OS is JTrust Asia Pte Ltd (“JT”). In 2017, JT
filed HC/S 1212/2017 (“the 1st Action”) against eight defendants, alleging
that they had unlawfully conspired to defraud JT into investing in Group Lease
Public Co Ltd (“GL”). JT sought to recover sums which it had invested in GL
via three investment agreements (see JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease
Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2020] 2 SLR 1256 (“CA Judgment”) at [13]). The
High Court judge in the 1st Action had dismissed the claim (see JTrust Asia
Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2020] SGHC 29 (“HC
Judgment”) at [25]), but this was overturned by the Court of Appeal which held
that the first and second defendants had deceived JT, and that the first to
seventh defendants had conspired to defraud JT (see CA Judgment at [202] and
[257]). However, the Court of Appeal only granted JT’s claim in part, finding
that JT’s claim for US$130 million in damages in relation to the second
investment agreement (“2IA”) was premature as the 2IA stipulated that the
investment was only due for repayment on 1 August 2021 and it had not been
shown that GL would not repay (CA Judgment at [13(b)], [244] and [245]).

3 In October 2020, JT filed HC/S 1000/2020 (“the 2nd Action”) against Engine
and APF Holdings Co Ltd (“APF”), claiming that they were part of the same
unlawful means conspiracy as the defendants in the 1st Action. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ABOD at p 3 para 87; HC/S 1000/2020.

The 2nd Action is the action which is the subject of the present OS for leave
to appeal. In the 2nd Action, JT sought to recover the moneys which it did not
recover in the 1st Action. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC for the 2nd Action at paras 91 to 93.

In May 2021, Engine filed the Striking Out Summons to strike out the 2nd
Action. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

HC/SUM 2413/2021.

At the hearing of the summons, Engine advanced three grounds on which to
strike out the 2nd Action: (a) the claim is an abuse of process as it should
have been brought together with the 1st Action; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript of AR hearing at p 14 lines 27-28, p 2 lines 14-16.

(b) the claim is legally unsustainable as the loss to JT has not yet accrued,
since 2IA had yet to mature; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Transcript of AR hearing at p 14 lines 21-22, p 12 lines 15-21, p 43 lines
22-26.

and (c) the claim is factually unsustainable as JT has not asserted that
Engine committed any act prior to the date 2IA was concluded, which induced JT
to enter into 2IA. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript of AR hearing at p 43 lines 22-31.

The decisions of the AR and the Judge

4 The AR dismissed the Striking Out Summons. First, applying the law that a
claim could only be struck out on grounds of abuse of process if such abuse
was “plain or obvious” (applying Beyonics Asia Pacific Ltd and others v Goh
Chan Peng and another and another appeal [2021] SGCA(I) 2 (“Beyonics”) 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RBOA Tab 1.

at [50] to [53] and Antariksa Logistics Pte Ltd and others v Nurdian Cuaca and
others [2018] 3 SLR 117 (“Antariksa (HCJ)”) at [74] to [79]), he found on the
facts that it was not plain or obvious that the 2nd Action constituted an
abuse of court process. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript of AR hearing at p 38 lines 27-28, p 2 lines 14-16.

This was because: (a) JT’s conduct of suing the defendants in the 2nd Action
is permitted by s 17 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”) which
expressly permits successive actions against joint tortfeasors; 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript of AR hearing at p 38 lines 22-24.

and (b) the documents relied upon by Engine did not prove that JT knew about
its involvement in the conspiracy early enough such that JT should reasonably
have joined Engine as a defendant in the 1st Action. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript of AR hearing at p 39.

Instead, JT most likely did not know about Engine’s involvement until
September 2019 (one month before the trial of the 1st Action), and it was
reasonable not to have joined Engine into the 1st Action at that time. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcript of AR hearing at pp 40 to 41.

5 Second, the AR found that the claim was legally sustainable despite the fact
that 2IA had not matured, because the risk that JT would be unable to recover
its moneys under the agreement gives rise to a good arguable case that JT has
suffered pecuniary loss which constitutes actionable damage. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript of AR hearing at p 44 lines 7-21.

6 Third, the claim is factually sustainable despite Engine’s argument to the
contrary (see [3] above) as JT’s case is not only that they were induced to
enter into 2IA but also that they were induced by Engine to subsequently
complete payment obligations under 2IA. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript of AR hearing at p 44 lines 21-27.

7 Engine then filed RA 209 to appeal the AR’s decision, but the Judge
dismissed the appeal, without providing any reasons. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Minute Sheet of RA 209 dated 18 August 2021.

8 Thereupon, Engine filed the present OS, seeking that:

(a) It be granted leave to appeal RA 209;

(b) It be granted leave to file an affidavit in support of its leave to appeal
application (and if allowed, the substantive appeal), to address the following
three matters:

(i) JT’s commencement of HC/OS 780/2021 (“the 3rd Action”) on 3 August 2021
against six of the eight defendants in the 1st Action claiming damages for a
conspiracy to defraud, arising out of transactions similar to those that were
the subject of the 1st Action;

(ii) various cause papers, affidavits, applications, and submissions made in
the 3rd Action; and

(iii) an invitation to JT to respond to paragraphs 11 to 27 of the 5th
affidavit of one Muneo Tashiro (filed under solicitor’s cover affidavit dated
13 July 2021); and

(c) Upon the grant of leave to file an affidavit, that directions be given for
the filing of the said affidavit, for the filing by JT of an affidavit in
response, and for the filing by Engine of an affidavit in reply.

Issues

9 Engine relies on the usual three grounds to seek leave to appeal to this
court – namely, that there is:

(a) a prima facie case of error;

(b) a question of general principle decided for the first time; and

(c) a question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a
higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.

10 With respect to the first ground of a prima facie error, Engine seeks to
appeal on the basis of errors of both law and fact. However, this is
misconceived as the general principle is that the prima facie error must be
one of law and not of fact (see IW v IX [2006] 1 SLR(R) 135 at [20] and Hwa
Aik Engineering Pte Ltd v Munshi Mohammad Faiz and another [2021] 1 SLR 1288
at [8]). It may be that in exceptional circumstances leave to appeal may also
be granted if there is an error of fact which is obvious from the record but
it is unnecessary for us to consider this exception because, as we elaborate
later, there was no such error in this case.

11 With respect to the second and third grounds, we note that they are
disjunctive but Engine in its written submissions (“EWS”) addressed both
grounds together and we will do likewise as it serves no purpose in the
present circumstances to address them separately.

12 In so far as the alleged errors of law that Engine relies on in respect of
the first ground overlap with the questions that Engine raises with respect to
the second and third grounds, we will address them together. The questions
that Engine relies on with respect to the second and third grounds are:

(a) Whether the “plain and obvious” test, which applies generally to striking
out applications, also applies specifically to the striking out of an action
on the ground of abuse of process based on the extended doctrine of res
judicata as stated in Henderson v Henderson (1843) 67 ER 313 (“the 1st
Issue”). We will refer to this type of abuse as the Henderson abuse of
process.

(b) How the guidelines from the English case of Aldi Stores Ltd v WSP Group
plc and others [2008] 1 WLR 748 (“Aldi”) should be applied in Singapore (“the
2nd Issue”).

(c) What the legislative intent behind s 17 of the CLA is (“the 3rd Issue”).

13 At the outset, we mention a preliminary point. The main thrust of Engine’s
application before the AR was that it was a Henderson abuse of process for JT
to commence the 2nd Action when it ought to have included Engine as a
defendant in the 1st Action. However, according to JT, this argument on
Henderson abuse of process had already been raised by Engine in two earlier
applications in the 2nd Action. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RS at pp 3 to 4.

14 The first application was HC/SUM 4532/2020, which was JT’s application for
a Mareva injunction (“MI”) against Engine filed on 16 October 2020. At an
opposed ex parte hearing of that application, Engine had already argued that
the 2nd Action was a Henderson abuse of process to resist the application. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript dated 21 October 2020 at p 12 to 14.

JT’s point is that as the Judge had granted the MI, this must mean that she
was of the view that the 2nd Action was not a Henderson abuse of process.

15 The second application was HC/SUM 4970/2020 which was an application by JT
filed on 13 November 2020 to seek leave to disclose Engine’s affidavit of
assets in related proceedings, among other things. At a contested hearing,
Engine again argued that the 2nd Action was a Henderson abuse of process. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript dated 9 December 2020 at p 7.

The Judge granted leave to disclose the affidavit in related proceedings. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RS at p 3; Transcript dated 9 December 2020 at p 9.

16 The Striking Out Summons is hence the third time in which Engine has raised
the argument of Henderson abuse of process. JT thus seems to be implying that
the doctrine of issue estoppel applies to estop Engine from raising the same
argument in the Striking Out Summons and related appeals or applications. The
AR did not rule on the issue estoppel point, and as mentioned, no reasons were
given by the Judge for her decision in RA 209. Before us, JT’s written
submissions (“JTWS”) merely mentioned the previous instances when Engine had
raised the Henderson abuse of process argument and stopped short of explicitly
asserting issue estoppel. In the circumstances, we will say no more about it.

The 1st Issue

17 Turning to the 1st Issue, it seems to us that Engine has wrongly assumed
that the observations made in the English case of Angeli Luki Kotonou v
National Westminster Bank plc [2017] 1 All ER (Comm) 350 (“Kotonou”), which
were endorsed by a judge in the High Court case of Antariksa (HCJ) at [78],
were contrary to the “plain and obvious” test established in Singapore cases
such as Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others
[1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [18], and The “Osprey” [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099 at [6].

18 In Kotonou, a defendant had applied to strike out a claim on the basis of
Henderson abuse of process. After referring to what Buxton LJ had said in
Laing v Taylor Walton (a firm) [2007] EWCA Civ 1146 at [11] and [12], Gloster
LJ said, at [45], that what was required was “an intense focus on the facts of
[the] case” to determine whether in broad terms the new proceedings could be
said to fall under the broad rubrics of unfairness and/or the bringing of the
administration of justice into disrepute. We will refer to this approach as
the “intense focus approach”. Gloster LJ said that this approach involved not
merely concentrating on findings of fact but also addressing the much wider
question of whether the Henderson abuse of process is engaged (at [45]).

19 Engine suggests that the intense focus approach is contrary to the “plain
and obvious” test as the latter would encourage a court to engage in only a
cursory examination of the materials before it, which is what the AR and the
Judge allegedly did. It then argues that its application for leave to appeal
would give this court the opportunity “to clarify the law to public
advantage”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

EWS at p 9 para 11.

20 In our view, Engine’s argument is not valid. First, it is clear that the
“plain and obvious” test applies in Singapore. What Engine is trying to do is
to ask this court to change the law and not to clarify it.

21 Second, there is no contradiction between the intense focus approach and
the “plain and obvious” test.

22 Engine disingenuously submitted that Antariksa (HCJ) had endorsed the
intense focus approach in Kotonou (at [78]) but omitted to mention that
Antariksa (HCJ) had then applied the “plain and obvious” test (at [79]).
Engine tried to create the impression that the two approaches are inconsistent
and did not mention that the court in Antariksa (HCJ) had no such difficulty.

23 As mentioned in Antariksa (HCJ) at [79], in applying the “plain and
obvious” test at the stage of an application to strike out a claim summarily,
the court is not to carry out a minute and protracted examination of the
documents and the facts of the case. That is different from saying that the
court should not focus intensely on the facts. There is thus no general
principle decided for the first time or a question of importance which would
materially affect the present case.

24 Indeed, the AR did not suggest that the intense focus approach was contrary
to the “plain and obvious” test. More importantly, it is unfair for Engine to
suggest that the AR (and the Judge) had only conducted a cursory examination
of the materials before them. What the AR did was to apply the law to the
materials before him bearing in mind the stage of the proceedings. He
considered the materials carefully. After doing so, he was not able to
conclude at that stage that there was a Henderson abuse of process. He did not
engage in a minute and protracted examination of the materials as that would
usurp the role and function of the trial court. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Notes of Arguments of 21 July 2021 (“21/7/21 NA”) at p 38.

Accordingly, he could only reach a tentative conclusion that JT did not know
about Engine’s alleged involvement in the conspiracy until around or slightly
before September 2019. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

21/7/21 NA at p 40.

This was in line with what JT contended, and militated against Engine’s
contention that JT knew much earlier about Engine’s involvement and that JT
should hence have taken steps to include Engine as a defendant in the 1st
Action. Engine submits that the Judge affirmed the AR’s decision and
reasoning. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

EWS p 3 para 1.

In our view, there was no prima facie error of law (or fact) made by the AR or
the Judge.

25 Engine also submits that the AR’s “tentative conclusion” suggested that he
had failed to discharge his duty to determine whether the 2nd Action was a
Henderson abuse of process or not. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

EWS p 5 at para 4.

We are of the view that this is an unwarranted submission. It is not in every
case that a court will reach a definite conclusion on such an issue at this
stage of the proceedings. Indeed, it is the other way round, ie, that it is
quite often the case that a court is not able to reach a definite conclusion
on the issue at this stage of the proceedings and the court may then emphasise
that its conclusion is tentative so as not to tie the hands of the trial
court. The AR’s remark was appropriate and fair to the contesting parties and
it is a pity that Engine has sought to make something out of it.

26 Engine also submits in the alternative that if the court below had taken an
intense focus on the facts, then it would have used its wide range of inherent
powers to direct the trial of a preliminary issue concerning Henderson abuse
of process. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

EWS p 7 at para 7.

This is another suggestion of a prima facie error but again it is not an error
of law. At best, this is an error (if at all) concerning an application of the
law to the materials. Besides, Engine has not been able to establish why a
court in these circumstances would necessarily direct the trial of a
preliminary issue. No such direction was sought before the AR. In any event,
it is not possible to say that such a direction should have been made. On the
contrary, it may be argued that such a direction would be inappropriate as it
would mean that the taking and construing of evidence would be split into two
tranches with overlapping of witnesses, first for the preliminary issue and
the second for the rest of the claim. It is also questionable whether it is
appropriate to split the evidence between two stages as the evidence for the
preliminary issue might overlap with the evidence for the rest of the claim.
Engine’s argument about the absence of such a direction is a distraction which
clearly does not come within any of the three grounds for which leave to
appeal should be granted.

The 2nd Issue

27 We come now to the 2nd Issue. It raises the question of whether and when a
claimant who is aware that it may have another claim (whether against an
existing party to the proceedings or another person who is not yet a party) is
to raise this issue with the court hearing the existing proceedings for the
claim, the existing defendant and/or the potential defendant (“the Raising
Requirement”), and the consequence of an omission to do so. In the present
case, it is common ground that JT did not disclose to the court or to Engine
before the trial of the 1st Action that it might have a claim against Engine
based on similar facts as in the 1st Action.

28 Engine refers to the principles in Aldi and suggests that Aldi is authority
for the proposition that the Raising Requirement is mandatory. In Aldi, Thomas
LJ mentioned at [29] that the proper course for a claimant in such a situation
is to raise the issue with the court (hearing the existing proceedings). The
learned judge went on to suggest at [31]:

However, for the future, if a similar issue arises in complex commercial
multi-party litigation, it must be referred to the court seised of the
proceedings. It is plainly not only in the interest of the parties, but also
in the public interest and in the interest of the efficient use of court
resources that this is done. There can be no excuse for failure to do so in
the future.

29 Engine argues that there are at least three different ways in which the
Aldi principle has been treated by the courts: (a) it has been endorsed in
English and Australian cases stemming from the case of Stuart v Goldberg Linde
(a firm) and others [2008] 1 WLR 823 (“Stuart”); (b) the Aldi principle was
doubted in Antariksa Logistics Pte Ltd and others v Nurdian Cuaca and others
[2016] SGHCR 10 (“Antariksa (HCAR)”) which is a decision by an assistant
registrar; and (c) the decision of Antariksa (HCJ) which held that a plaintiff
who failed to include a defendant in an earlier action had to have good reason
for doing so.

30 Engine submits that the Raising Requirement is mandatory. This implies,
without explicitly stating, that the consequence of failure to comply with the
Raising Requirement is that a subsequent action will be construed as a
Henderson abuse of process. This must be what Engine means as otherwise, the
Raising Requirement would not truly be mandatory. Yet, neither Aldi nor the
English cases that Engine refers to in support of its argument bear out this
proposition. For the present purposes, we need refer only to some of the
English cases.

31 First, while it may be said that the views expressed by Thomas LJ in Aldi
itself suggests that the Raising Requirement is mandatory, it is important to
bear in mind that the learned judge did not go on to say that an omission to
meet that requirement would necessarily mean that the subsequent action is a
Henderson abuse of process.

32 Next, in Stuart, the claimant had successfully sued two defendants for
breach of an undertaking to pay a certain sum. Subsequently, the claimant
issued proceedings against the same two defendants for misrepresentation and
inducing breach of contract. The defendants applied to strike out parts of the
particulars of claim on the basis that it was a Henderson abuse of process.

33 Sir Anthony Clarke MR sitting in the Court of Appeal said (in Stuart at
[96] to [97]):

96 For my part, I do not think that parties should keep future claims secret
merely because a second claim might involve other issues. The proper course is
for parties to put their cards on the table so that no one is taken by
surprise and the appropriate course in case management terms can be considered
by the judge. In particular parties should not keep quiet in the hope of
improving their position in respect of a claim arising out of similar facts or
evidence in the future. Nor should they do so simply because a second claim
may involve other complex issues. On the contrary they should come clean so
that the court can decide whether one or more trials is required and when. The
time for such a decision to be taken is before there is a trial of any of the
issues. In this way the underlying approach of the Civil Procedure Rules,
namely that of co-operation between the parties, robust case management and
disposing of cases, including particular issues, justly can be forwarded and
not frustrated.

97 While these considerations have been highlighted in the Aldi Stores Ltd
case [2008] 1 WLR 748, they have been relevant considerations at least since
the CPR came into force in 1999. …

34 At [101], he also said:

I only add by way of postscript that litigants and their advisers should heed
the points made by this court in the Aldi Stores Ltd case and underlined here
that the approach of the CPR is to require cards to be put on the table in
cases of this kind or run the risk of a second action being held to be an
abuse of the process. [emphasis added]

35 Sedley LJ said, at [77]:

Secondly, as the Aldi Stores Ltd case again makes clear and as Sir Anthony
Clarke MR stresses, a claimant who keeps a second claim against the same
defendant up his sleeve while prosecuting the first is at high risk of being
held to have abused the court’s process. Moreover, putting his cards on the
table does not simply mean warning the defendant that another action is or may
be in the pipeline. It means making it possible for the court to manage the
issues so as to be fair to both sides. [emphasis added]

36 However, Lloyd LJ expressed a more nuanced view, which was also noted in
Antariksa (HCJ) at [99]. At [70] of Stuart, Lloyd LJ said that the claimant
should have written a warning letter (to the defendants) and that this would
have been a prudent and proper course to take. The question was whether the
omission to do so was an abuse of process. He then said at [71]:

In my judgment to hold that this fact makes the bringing of the 2005 action an
abuse of process would be a substantial and unjustified extension of the law
in this respect. It is not right, in my view, to say, as a general proposition
of law, that where the claimant in existing proceedings comes to know, in the
course of those proceedings, from information provided by the defendant, of an
additional cause of action against the defendant, which is quite different
from that asserted in his existing claim and one which it would not be
reasonable, in the circumstances, to expect him to seek to combine with that
existing claim, he must inform the defendant of the fact that he is
contemplating bringing such a claim in future before he brings his existing
proceedings to trial. Different facts might lead to a different conclusion. …
[emphasis added]

37 Next, in Gladman Commercial Properties v Fisher Hargreaves Proctor and
others [2013] EWCA Civ 1466 (“Gladman”), a claimant in a second action was a
defendant in an earlier action. In the earlier action, it had made
counterclaims against certain parties only. Thereafter it commenced the second
action against other parties in respect of the same misrepresentations that
had been alleged in the earlier action. In the earlier action, it had been
alleged that some of the other parties (in the second action) had made the
misrepresentations on behalf of the defendants to the counterclaim in the
first action.

38 Briggs LJ referred to the judgment of Thomas LJ in Aldi and the judgments
of Sedley LJ and Sir Anthony Clarke MR in Stuart and said, at [64]–[66]:

[64] By contrast, his observations about avoiding these difficulties by a
prompt application for pro-active case management were directed mainly at the
future rather than the past. He plainly regarded the requirement to refer a
contemplated future claim for case management directions in the earlier claim
as mandatory, and as serving the public interest in the efficient use of court
resources. He described a failure to do so as inexcusable. Furthermore, in the
Stuart case, both Sedley LJ and Sir Anthony Clarke MR spelt out in express
terms that a failure to follow the Aldi guidelines involved the Claimant
running a risk that the pursuit of a second claim would constitute an abuse.

[65] As has been repeatedly stated, the conduct of civil proceedings is a
process in which the stakeholders include not merely the parties, but also
other litigants waiting for their cases to be tried, and the public at large,
who have an interest in the efficient and economic conduct of litigation. I
consider that Arnold J was correct to treat a failure by the Appellant to
follow guidelines laid down as mandatory future conduct in two successive
reported decisions of this court as relevant matters pointing to a conclusion
that the Second Claim constituted an abuse of the process of civil litigation.

[66] The shocking consequence of permitting the Second Claim to continue would
be that precisely the same issues would fall to be litigated at two successive
trials involving the waste of between four and six working weeks of court time
and, no doubt, millions of pounds of wasted costs and lost management time,
quite apart from the double jeopardy faced by Mr Bishop and Mr Hargreaves to
which I have referred. The judge's conclusion was that compliance with what
were by then mandatory guidelines could have entirely avoided that wasteful
duplication of time, money and effort. I agree that the failure was, as
described in the Aldi case, inexcusable. An inexcusable failure to do
something which would have contributed so substantially to the economy and
efficiency with which this dispute might have been resolved seems to me to be
a primary candidate for identification as an abuse.

[emphasis added]

39 We turn to the decision of Antariksa (HCAR) which also involved the
question of Henderson abuse of process. The assistant registrar said, at
[67]–[69]:

67 Finally, I would like to address a point that was not argued, if only to
provide the impetus for this point to be resolved in a different setting. In
the cases of Johnson and Aldi, the fact that the defendant or defendants knew
that there was a possibility of a second set of proceedings had some bearing
on the result. Similarly, the court in Stuart advised that in a situation
where a plaintiff is contemplating suing the same defendant in two different
actions, it would be beneficial for the plaintiff to put the defendant on
notice of that possibility. This is best accomplished by raising the matter in
court in the earlier proceedings as it would allow the court to consider if
the claims should be combined. As the English Court of Appeal explained in
Stuart (at [96]):

The proper course is for parties to put their cards on the table so that no
one is taken by surprise and the appropriate course in case management terms
can be considered by the judge.

68 Insofar as practice is concerned, I would not go so far as to provide any
such generally applicable advice. While ‘cards on the table’ is undoubtedly
the court’s prevailing case management sentiment, it seems to me a different
policy altogether to require a litigant to lay down his cards in respect of a
later hand upfront. In my view, the English position has the effect of
elevating the principle of efficiency and economy of litigation at the expense
of other competing values, primarily party autonomy. This is so because
adopting the English position for all cases would invariably mean that some
private interests of the plaintiff would have to be sacrificed. At the very
least, the usual tactical advantage of being able to choose when to sue that
would normally accrue to the plaintiff would have to be relinquished. In some
cases, the advantage lost may be more serious, such as time to gather
supporting evidence. To Sir Anthony Clarke MR, ‘parties should not keep quiet
in the hope of improving their position in respect of a claim arising out of
similar facts or evidence in the future’: Stuart (at [96]). I am not sure that
Singapore should strike the same balance between competing values without
considering the circumstances of each individual case.

69 However, insofar as the law is concerned, I would venture to agree with the
English Court of Appeal in Stuart – there is no general proposition of law
that a failure to put the other party on notice will necessarily render the
subsequent action an abuse of process. I echo the sentiment that ‘[d]ifferent
facts might lead to a different conclusion’: Stuart (at [71]). Ultimately, if
this point is argued, the court should consider this factor against other
relevant factors in applying the broad, merits-based assessment established in
Johnson. As has been reinforced many times over the years, there should not be
any sacred cows in this area of law.

40 The assistant registrar dismissed an application to strike out a second
action against a defendant who was not a party in the first action (at [71]).
The assistant registrar also dismissed similar striking out applications made
by other defendants who were also not parties in the first action (see
Antariksa (HCJ) at [3] and [54]). The unsuccessful defendants appealed to a
judge of the High Court which resulted in the decision in Antariksa (HCJ).
There the learned judge said at [100] to [101]:

Some general principles for Singapore law

Is a case management decision to litigate incrementally an abuse of the
process of the court?

100 Although this specific question is novel, I agree with the AR that it
essentially involves the same general approach of a ‘broad, merits-based test’
(see the AR’s GD ([57] supra) at [48]), coupled with an ‘intense focus on the
facts of the case’ (see Kotonou ([78] supra) at [45]). As a matter of general
principle, I am of the view that a reasonable and bona fide case management
decision by a plaintiff to bring his claims incrementally does not amount to
an abuse of the process of the court.

101 The fundamental reason for this is the public policy consideration of
access to justice. A litigant ought not, as a general rule, to be deprived of
his chance to litigate a bona fide claim, or of his autonomy in deciding when,
how and against whom he wishes to bring his claim. As stated by Thomas LJ in
Aldi Stores ([75] supra) at [25], there is a ‘real public interest in allowing
parties a measure of freedom to choose whom they sue in a complex commercial
matter and not to give encouragement to bringing a single set of proceedings
against a wide range of defendants or to complicate proceedings by cross-
claims against parties to the proceedings’. Nonetheless, this autonomy
conferred upon a plaintiff is not without limitation. In particular, I
highlight the following.

41 For present purposes, it is unnecessary to set out his elaborations at
[102] to [106]. He went on to say at [107] to [112]:

Is there a requirement to give notice of further proceedings to the defendant
or to the court?

107 I turn now to consider the issue of whether a plaintiff who intends to
make a case management decision to prosecute his claims incrementally ought to
give notice to the defendant or to the court. The AR considered this at
[67]–[69] of his GD … and agreed with Lloyd LJ in Stuart … that there is there
is no general proposition of law that a failure to put the other party on
notice will necessarily render the subsequent action an abuse of process. The
AR’s view was that the court should consider this factor against other
relevant factors in applying the broad, merits-based assessment established in
Johnson ([76] supra).

108 I agree with the AR and am similarly hesitant to adopt the general
position that a plaintiff who keeps a second claim up his sleeve while
prosecuting the first is at a ‘high risk’ of being held to have abused the
court’s process. I also agree with the AR that at the most, this would be one
factor in the court’s consideration of whether the second action was an abuse
of process. It should not (automatically) be treated as a ‘special factor’
that holds particular or enhanced significance. As the AR astutely observed
(at [68] of his GD), while the requirement of notice would have the effect of
promoting efficiency and economy of litigation, this would be at the expense
of the principle of party autonomy.

109 In coming to this conclusion, I am cognisant that there is another well-
established principle underlying case procedure, which is to prevent unfair
surprise to the other party, or what is sometimes called ‘litigation by
ambush’. …

110 In the present context, it stands to reason that whether a decision to
litigate incrementally should be disallowed on the ground of an abuse of
process may well depend on whether the plaintiff was in a position, at the
relevant time, to make a reasonably informed decision on whether it had other
causes of action available to it.

111 In some cases, the plaintiff may be fully aware of his causes of action at
the material time. In other cases, he may only have a suspicion that other
causes of action may come to light. In the latter situation, the decision not
to inform the defendant that some other actions may be brought is
understandable. To require the disclosure of a subsequent action in such
circumstances would inevitably mean that the plaintiff is required, at a very
early stage in the first set of proceedings, to investigate all the facts and
be reasonably certain that they are capable of forming the basis of the
subsequent action. This would be contrary to the holding in Stuart (at [59])
that there is no general principle that a plaintiff who has not yet brought
proceedings asserting a particular claim is under a duty to exercise
reasonable diligence to find out the facts relevant to whether he has or may
have such a claim … In some cases, merely informing the defendant that some
‘other action’ may be brought in the future may even be viewed as a form of
‘badgering’.

112 In short, litigation often involves making strategic decisions on a broad
range of issues such as the causes of action to be brought, the parties to
include, and the forum to commence the action in. The timing of the suit could
also be important in some cases. Doubtless there will be many other factors to
be considered as well. In the context of the present question (whether there
needs to be disclosure of intent to bring further proceedings), there is a
need to balance the interests of the plaintiff, the defendant and the public.
The mere fact that the plaintiff did not reveal his intention to bring further
proceedings does not mean the further proceedings are necessarily abusive. …

42 On the facts, the judge allowed the appeals of the unsuccessful defendants
seeking to strike out the claim (at [152]) on the ground of Henderson abuse of
process. The further appeals of the plaintiffs to the Court of Appeal were
dismissed without written grounds of decision.

43 Engine submits that the observations of the judge at [100] and [108] of
Antariksa (HCJ) were different from those of the assistant registrar at [69]
of Antariksa (HCAR). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

EWS pp 9 and 10 at paras 14 and 15.

We disagree with that submission. The judge had explicitly stated that he was
in agreement with the assistant registrar (at [100] and [108]). The factors
laid out by the judge at [112] to determine when a second action would be an
abuse of process did not deviate from the overall proposition that the failure
by a claimant to give notice of a potential claim to the court and to the
other party does not necessarily render the subsequent action an abuse of
process.

44 As for a comparison of the English approach and the Singapore approach,
there was in substance more agreement than disagreement. While it could be
argued that there is a difference in approach on the question whether there is
a duty to make disclosure in all circumstances, there is no difference on the
more important question, ie, the consequence of an omission to disclose.

45 It will be remembered that notwithstanding the strong language used by
Thomas LJ in Aldi, he stopped short of saying that it was mandatory in every
circumstance for a claimant to disclose that he has a potential claim (either
against the same party or another party) based on similar facts as in the
existing proceedings. Neither did he say that the omission to do so would
necessarily mean that the subsequent action is an abuse of process.

46 Likewise, in Stuart, Sir Anthony Clarke MR had only said that the approach
in the English Civil Procedure Rules was that an omission to put cards on the
table would mean that the claimant would run the “risk” that his second action
would be held as an abuse of process. It was Sedley LJ who used the expression
“high risk”, while Lloyd LJ took a more nuanced view, as we have mentioned
(see [33] to [36] above). In any event, it was clear that none of the three
judges even remotely suggested that an omission would necessarily mean that
the second action is an abuse of process.

47 That was also the position of Briggs LJ in Gladman. While he said that it
was “mandatory” to disclose, he only said that failure to do so would mean
that a claimant runs “a risk” that the second claim would constitute an abuse
of process (see [37] and [38] above).

48 Thus, for all Engine’s emphasis on a mandatory requirement to disclose,
there was really no suggestion even by the English authorities that an
omission to do so would necessarily mean that the second claim would be an
abuse of process. It is a fact-sensitive inquiry and the omission is only a
factor to be taken into account. The weight of the factor depends on the
circumstances in which the disclosure was not made. It is not helpful to
describe an omission as giving rise to a high risk that the second claim would
constitute an abuse of process without appreciating why the omission occurred
in the first place. Therefore, there is no material general principle which is
disputed and to be decided either for the first time or which would be to
public advantage.

49 In the present case, the AR had applied the law to the facts based on the
stage of the proceedings before him, and the Judge affirmed the AR’s decision.
Having considered the notes of arguments before the AR and the Judge, and EWS
and JTWS, there was no prima facie error, whether of law or fact.

The 3rd Issue

50 We now come to the 3rd Issue. Engine highlights that there is at present no
reported decision on whether s 17 of the CLA should be considered in
determining whether there is a Henderson abuse of process and how that
provision interfaces with s 18 of the CLA. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

EWS at para 18.

It argues that this will be a question of general principle decided for the
first time and on which clarification of the law will be to public advantage.
Engine also argues that the AR and the Judge erred in attributing significant
weight to s 17 of the CLA.

51 It is clear to us that Engine is being disingenuous in its argument.
Section 17 of the CLA states:

Proceedings against persons jointly liable for same debt or damage

17. Judgment recovered against any person liable in respect of any debt or damage shall not be a bar to an action, or to the continuance of an action, against any other person who is (apart from any such bar) jointly liable with him in respect of the same debt or damage.

52 Section 18 of the CLA states:

Successive actions against liability (jointly or otherwise) for same damage

18. If more than one action is brought in respect of any damage by or on behalf of the person by whom it was suffered against persons liable in respect of the damage (whether jointly or otherwise) the plaintiff shall not be entitled to costs in any of those actions, other than that in which judgment is first given, unless the court is of the opinion that there was reasonable ground for bringing the action.

53 All that the AR had said in respect of s 17 of the CLA was that the mere
fact of successive actions against joint tortfeasors did not necessarily mean
that the 2nd Action was a Henderson abuse of process. This is because such
actions are contemplated by s 17 of the CLA. The AR in fact accepted Engine’s
contention that Henderson abuse of process is not abrogated by s 17 of the
CLA. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

21/7/21 NA at p 38.

54 As for s 18 of the CLA, it is not inconsistent with s 17. Depriving a
claimant of costs for the successive action is not inconsistent with allowing
a claimant to commence and continue a successive action. Indeed, by
stipulating that such a claimant may still be awarded costs in the successive
action if the court is of the opinion that there is reasonable ground for
bringing the successive action, s 18 of the CLA implicitly acknowledges that
the successive action is not in itself necessarily an abuse of process.

55 Indeed, Engine itself does not suggest that s 17, when read with s 18 of
the CLA, means that a claimant will necessarily be precluded from commencing
successive actions based on substantially the same facts whether as against
the same defendant in the first action or another defendant. Accordingly, its
third issue regarding 17 of the CLA is a contrived one. There is no general
principle decided for the first time or a question of importance which would
materially affect the present case.

56 As for the point that the AR said that significant weight must be placed on
s 17 of the CLA, nothing material turns on this. That was his way of
emphasising that the mere existence of a successive action is not enough to
constitute a Henderson abuse of process. We are also satisfied that, based on
the notes of argument in RA 209, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Minute Sheets of RA 209 dated 16 and 18 August 2021.

it cannot be said that the Judge placed undue weight on s 17 of the CLA. There
was no prima facie error of law or fact.

57 We now come to Engine’s other allegations of prima facie errors. We have
already addressed some of them above. Engine argues that other errors had been
made because:

(a) the claim against Engine is legally unstainable as JT had not suffered any
accrued loss at the time it commenced the 2nd Action;

(b) the claim is factually unsustainable because Engine could not have
conspired with anyone to injure JT in respect of the 2IA, as JT did not allege
that Engine had committed any conspiratorial act prior to the conclusion of
the 2IA; and

(c) the Judge had refused to allow Engine’s request to file an affidavit to
set out facts pertaining to the 3rd Action which occurred after the date of
the AR’s decision.

We will refer to these alleged errors as “the remaining alleged errors”.

58 As regards the first of the remaining alleged errors, Engine argues that
since the deadline to make payment under the 2IA had not yet expired, there
was no accrued loss to JT and hence the 2nd Action was not legally
sustainable. It argued before the AR and the Judge that to allow JT to proceed
with the 2nd Action would be a collateral attack on the CA Judgment (where the
court did not grant damages in respect of the 2IA as the loss had not accrued
(see [2] above)). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript of AR hearing p 11 at lines 11 to 14; Minute Sheet for RA 209 dated
18 August 2021 at p 8.

However, JT had argued before the AR and the Judge that although the loss
under the third investment agreement had similarly not yet accrued at the time
the 1st Action had been filed, the Court of Appeal had allowed the claim to
proceed (see JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others
[2018] 2 SLR 159 in respect of an MI (“MI Judgment”) at [62]). Later, after a
trial and upon appeal, the Court of Appeal eventually allowed that claim as
the loss had accrued by the time of the appeal (CA Judgment at [13(c)], [243]
and [246]). The situation might well be different if by the time of the
hearing of the substantive claim, the loss had still not accrued. Further, for
the 2nd Action, JT was relying on other evidence to show that the risk of loss
under the 2IA had already occurred. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

21/7/21 NA at pp 16 and 19.

59 The AR had considered the MI Judgment, which was a Court of Appeal decision
involving an appeal by some defendants in the 1st Action against the granting
of a MI against them. He also considered the CA Judgment. In the MI Judgment,
the Court of Appeal suggested that a risk that JT might not recover its
investment constituted a good arguable case that JT had suffered some
pecuniary loss which constitutes actionable damage (at [62]). In the CA
Judgment, the Court of Appeal allowed the claim in respect of the third
investment agreement (see [2] above). The AR agreed with JT that the 2nd
Action was not legally unsustainable. Having dismissed RA 209, the Judge must
have agreed with the AR on this point. Having considered both judgments, we
are of the view that there was no prima facie error of law by the AR or the
Judge.

60 As for the second of the remaining alleged errors (see [57(b)] above), this
was not an error of law. The AR had noted that JT was relying not only on
conduct prior to the conclusion of the 2IA but conduct of Engine subsequent to
the conclusion of the 2IA which allegedly induced JT to subsequently complete
its payment obligations under the 2IA. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

21/7/21 NA at p 44.

Again, in dismissing RA 209, the Judge must have also agreed that the claim is
not factually unsustainable. Hence, there was also insufficient basis at
present to support even an allegation of prima facie error of fact.

61 As for the third of the remaining alleged errors (see [57(c)] above), this
overlaps with Engine’s application before us to file an affidavit to refer to
the 3rd Action and the cause papers filed therein (“the 3rd Action documents”)
and to invite JT to respond to certain paragraphs of the fifth affidavit of
one Muneo Tashiro.

62 In our view, the Judge’s decision not to allow Engine to file an affidavit
was not an error of law and it was also not a prima facie error of fact. There
is also no merit in Engine’s application before us to file the said affidavit.

63 The question as to whether JT had been specifically invited to address
certain paragraphs of an affidavit is immaterial. It is a matter of fact
whether JT had responded or not and a specific invitation to do so will not
carry the matter further.

64 As for Engine’s intention to refer to the 3rd Action documents, Engine
mentioned various reasons:

(a) To show that JT had not included Engine as a party to that action and
hence did not genuinely believe that Engine was a legitimate defendant. There
was also some argument as to whether Engine’s involvement was stated in any of
the cause papers.

(b) To show that Engine is being shut out from defending itself against
allegations of conspiracy.

(c) To show that the 3rd Action is commenced by way of an originating summons
and this gravely prejudices Engine which is again shut out from challenging
JT’s allegations via a trial.

65 We reject Engine’s application for leave to file an affidavit. The non-
inclusion of Engine as a party in the 3rd Action is not disputed. Furthermore,
the effect of the non-inclusion is equivocal. It could be because Engine was
already a party in the 2nd Action. It is also equivocal even if Engine was not
specifically mentioned in the 3rd Action documents as a conspirator.

66 We also find Engine’s second and third reasons spurious. Engine is a party
in the 2nd Action and not the 3rd Action. It is for Engine to defend itself in
the 2nd Action and not the 3rd Action even if allegations of conspiracy have
been made against it in the 3rd Action as part of the claims against the
defendants in the 3rd Action. If Engine wishes to apply to be joined as a co-
defendant in the 3rd Action, that is a separate matter. Thus, whether the 3rd
Action is by way of an originating summons or not is irrelevant to Engine.
Ironically, Engine’s purported wish to challenge JT’s allegations via a trial
could arguably be said to be contrary to its present course of action in the
2nd Action which is to stop JT’s claim against it from being ventilated at a
trial.

67 In so far as Engine had said that JT’s “Further Affidavit” would also be
relevant to show JT’s true state of mind with regard to Engine’s role in the
alleged conspiracy when JT filed proceedings in other jurisdictions, Engine
did not elaborate on what it meant. If it was referring to a possible further
affidavit from JT in response to paragraphs 11 to 27 of Muneo Tashiro’s fifth
affidavit, this was speculative. If Engine was referring to something else
which it did not adequately elaborate on, then its point is useless.

68 In our view, Engine’s attempt to refer to the 3rd Action documents would
have muddied the waters if it had been allowed.

69 We also reject Engine’s argument that the Judge’s decision to refuse to
allow it to file a further affidavit showed that the Judge had lost sight of
her duty to consider all the circumstances of the case. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

EWS p 6 at para 5.

The duty to consider all the circumstances of a case does not translate into a
duty to allow each party to file whatever affidavit it wishes. Indeed, case
management responsibilities suggest that a court should be careful not to
allow parties to file affidavits just because they allege that it is necessary
to do so. Furthermore, there was no prima facie error of law or fact on the
Judge’s part.

Conclusion

70 In all the circumstances, there is really no basis for this application.
Engine has conflated principles of law and made disingenuous arguments in a
desperate attempt for another bite at the cherry. We dismiss its application.
After considering the costs estimates of the parties, we order Engine to pay
JT the costs of this application fixed at $8,000 (all-in) with the usual
consequential orders.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
  
Teh Kee Wee Lawrence, Chia Huai Yuan, Elias Benyamin Arun, Pan XingZheng Edric
and V Santhosh (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the applicant;

Chan Leng Sun SC, Colin Liew (instructed), Ang Hsueh Ling Celeste, Danitza Hon
Cai Xia, Lee Zhe Xu and Yiu Kai Tai (Wong & Leow LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Oct 2021 (12:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

