Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2021] SGHC 264

Suit No 253 of 2018

Between

| Muhammad Adam Lee bin Muhammad Lee (suing by his litigation representatives
Noraini binte Tabiin and Nurul Ashikin binte Muhammad Lee)  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Tay Jia Rong Sean  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Damages] — [Measure of damages] — [Personal injuries]

[Damages] — [Measure of damages] — [Applicability of the Actuarial Tables for
the Assessment of Damages in Personal Injury and Death Claims] — [Paragraph
159 of the Supreme Court Practice Directions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Muhammad Adam bin Muhammad Lee (suing by his litigation representatives
Noraini binte Tabiin and Nurul Ashikin binte Muhammad Lee)

  
v

  
Tay Jia Rong Sean

[2021] SGHC 264

General Division of the High Court— Suit No 253 of 2018  
S Mohan J  
, 7 December 2021.

23 December 2021 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

Introduction

1 On 3 April 2015, the plaintiff, Muhammad Adam bin Muhammad Lee
(“plaintiff”), was involved in a tragic car accident that changed the course
of his life.

2 By way of a brief overview, the plaintiff was a pedestrian on a footpath
along Hougang Avenue 2 outside Hougang Stadium when the defendant lost control
of his car, mounted the kerb and knocked the plaintiff down. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim para 3; Defence para 2.

The plaintiff suffered a multitude of severe and permanent injuries as a
result of the accident and is now mentally incapacitated. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PCS para 2.1.

He is represented in this action, HC/S 253/2018 (“Suit 253”), by his
litigation representatives: his mother, Mdm Noraini binte Tabiin (“Mdm
Noraini”); and his elder sister, Ms Nurul Ashikin binte Muhammad Lee (“Ms
Ashikin”). The defendant’s insurers have conduct of the defendant’s case.
Unless otherwise stated, all references to “plaintiff” and “defendant” in this
judgment should henceforth be taken as a reference to the plaintiff’s
litigation representatives and the defendant’s insurers, respectively.

3 On 2 May 2018, the defendant conceded 100% liability. Interlocutory judgment
was entered by consent and for the plaintiff’s damages to be assessed.

4 The present case involves numerous heads of claim, almost all of which are
disputed as between the parties. Having carefully considered the evidence and
the parties’ submissions, I award the plaintiff damages in the sum of
$2,186,182.40 as tabulated at the end of this judgment at [305].

5 In the following sections of this judgment, I shall consider the evidence
and submissions on each head of damage claimed by the plaintiff and set out
the reasons for my decision in respect of each of them.

The plaintiff’s educational and vocational background

6 The plaintiff was born on 6 September 1991. He was 23 years old when the
accident occurred on 3 April 2015. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

BAEIC Vol 1 p 36.

He had completed his National Service not long before on 11 September 2014 and
had served as a process technician in the technological department under the
info-communications unit. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PCS para 3.3.

He was also enrolled in Singapore Polytechnic’s Computer Engineering course
which was due to commence in April 2015. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PBOD Vol 3 p 1126; BAEIC Vol 1 p 42.

As a result of the accident, the plaintiff deferred commencing his studies in
Singapore Polytechnic to February 2017. When he attempted to resume his
studies, he was unfortunately unable to cope with the coursework and
eventually dropped out of Singapore Polytechnic entirely. In April 2020, the
plaintiff enrolled in Temasek Polytechnic but was also unable to cope. He
subsequently withdrew from the course on 27 April 2020. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PCS para 3.4 – 3.5.

7 The subject of the plaintiff’s future employment prospects is a major point
of contention in Suit 253. The defendant submits that the plaintiff will be
able to regain employment and undertake “light jobs”. In contrast, the
plaintiff takes the view that he can no longer work for the rest of his life
as a result of his injuries.

8 What is uncontested is that the plaintiff is presently unemployed. His
sister, Ms Ashikin, testified that in 2017 the plaintiff had tried to work at
a bubble tea shop (“BBT shop”) in Hougang located on the ground floor of the
block of flats where they used to live. However, he only lasted three days
before being asked to leave, ostensibly because he was deemed to be too slow
in carrying out the work assigned to him. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PCS paras 3.7 – 3.8; NE 11 Nov 2020 37:11 – 32, 43:8 – 29.

9 Prior to the accident, the plaintiff had completed a course in Chemical
Process Technology (Pharmaceuticals) on 22 December 2009 in ITE and a course
in Electronics Engineering in Higher NITEC on 28 March 2012. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PCS para 3.1.

In relation to the latter course, the plaintiff exhibited a testimonial
written by his lecturer, Mr William Siew dated 17 April 2012. There, Mr Siew
observed that the plaintiff “has done very well for his course of study … and
obtained a very good Grade Point Average of 3.489, out of a maximum of 4.0”.
Mr Siew also stated that “[the plaintiff] is likely to succeed in whatever
career he chooses”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PBOD Vol 3 p 1102 – 1103.

10 The plaintiff had also completed internships with Pfizer Asia Pacific Pte
Ltd from October 2008 to May 2009 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PBOD Vol 3 p 1109.

and Hyper Communications Pte Ltd from October to December 2011. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PBOD Vol 3 p 1121.

More recently, he worked as a temporary staff at Singapore Press Holdings as a
Customer Service Officer. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PBOD Vol 3 p 1122.

The plaintiff’s injuries and medical history

11 After the accident, the plaintiff was rushed to Tan Tock Seng Hospital
(“TTSH”) and was hospitalised for approximately four and a half months from 3
April to 14 August 2015.

12 A medical report by Dr Vincent Ng Yew Poh (“Dr Ng”) dated 21 October 2015
stated that upon arrival at TTSH, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 196 – 197.

the plaintiff’s vital signs were unstable and he was unresponsive with a score
of 5 on the Glasgow Coma Scale (“GCS”). The GCS is a scale that measures a
patient’s consciousness – it ranges from 3 to 15, with 3 being the lowest
possible level of consciousness and 15 being full consciousness. The
plaintiff’s Computed Tomography head scan revealed multiple skull fractures,
brain contusions and a large left frontal-parietal extradural haemorrhage. He
also had multiple facial fractures, and a left proximal femur fracture.

13 During his prolonged hospital stay, the plaintiff underwent numerous
medical and surgical procedures. He suffered episodes of fever and bacterial
infection and even developed hydrocephalus (ie, an abnormal build-up of fluid
in the cavities deep within the brain). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 196 – 197.

His neurological recovery during the stay was assessed by Dr Ng to be “slow
and gradual”.

14 The plaintiff was subsequently treated and/or assessed by a slew of doctors
and other medical professionals. I lay out the most relevant reports below:

(a) Dr Simon Collinson’s report dated 22 November 2015 containing a
neuropsychological assessment of the plaintiff and follow-up report dated 3
November 2018.

(b) Dr Chan Lai Gwen’s report dated 2 December 2015 on the plaintiff’s mental
capacity, her reassessment report dated 8 July 2016 and updated medical report
dated 25 September 2020.

(c) Dr Karen Chua’s report dated 17 May 2016 and follow-up reports dated 12
September 2018, 3 March 2020 (wrongly dated 3 February 2020) 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 25 Nov 2020 3: 6 – 8.

and 30 March 2020 on the plaintiff’s rehabilitative progress.

(d) Dr Calvin Fones’ report dated 17 January 2018 and his follow-up report
dated 10 February 2020 on the plaintiff’s mental capacity and his diagnoses of
Major Neurocognitive Disorder due to Traumatic Brain Injury (“TBI”) with
behavioural disturbances, Major Depressive Disorder and Persistent Depressive
Disorder.

(e) Dr K Kannan’s orthopaedic report dated 3 February 2020.

(f) The Occupational Therapy Function Evaluation report prepared by Mr Sudev
Sreedharan and Ms Sharon Seah, consultant occupational therapists at OzWorks
Therapy Pte. Ltd., dated 1 February 2019 (“OzWorks Report”).

(g) The physiotherapy report prepared by Mr John Abraham, physiotherapist at
Rapid Physiocare Pte Ltd (“Rapid Physiocare”) dated 26 November 2019.

15 The contents of these various reports will be discussed in greater detail
below.

General damages

16 Compensatory damages for personal injuries are of two types, general and
special. General damages have two major components: (a) pain and suffering and
loss of amenity; and (b) post-trial pecuniary loss such as the loss of future
earnings. Special damages refer to pre-trial pecuniary loss and include: (a)
pre-trial out-of-pocket expenses such as medical, nursing and supportive care,
transportation and household expenses; and (b) pre-trial loss of earnings or
profits.

17 The aim of an award of damages is, as far as money can accomplish, to
restore a plaintiff to the same position as if the tortious wrong had not been
committed: Lua Bee Kiang (administrator of the estate of Chew Kong Seng,
deceased) v Yeo Chee Siong [2019] 1 SLR 145 (“Lua Bee Kiang”) at [9].

Pain and suffering

18 “Pain and suffering” refers to the physical pain, emotional and
intellectual suffering arising from the injury (Au Yeong Wing Loong v Chew Hai
Ban and another [1993] 2 SLR(R) 290 at [11]), while “loss of amenity” refers
to the loss of the ability to enjoy life to its fullest (Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore – Civil Procedure, vol 4 (LexisNexis, 2016 Reissue) at para 50.387.
Whether there is loss of amenity is an objective fact that does not depend on
an appreciation of the loss by the victim: Tan Kok Lam (next friend to Teng
Eng) v Hong Choon Peng [2001] 1 SLR(R) 786 at [28].

19 Where non-pecuniary loss – such as pain and suffering and loss of amenity –
is concerned, the guiding principle is that of “fair compensation”. This means
that compensation ought to be reasonable and just, and need not be “absolute”
or “perfect”: Lua Bee Kiang at [9].

20 There are two methods for determining what is “fair compensation”. The
first is the component method, by which the loss arising from each item of
injury is individually quantified and then added up to estimate the overall
loss that the claimant has suffered. The second is the global method, by which
all the injuries sustained by the claimant are considered holistically to
arrive at an estimation of his overall loss: Lua Bee Kiang at [10].

21 The principle behind the component method is that damages should be awarded
for losses that may properly be regarded as distinct or discrete. However, a
concern regarding the component method is that the overall quantum must be a
reasonable sum that reflects the totality of the claimant’s injuries. This
latter point is the principle which animates the global method. The two
methods are complementary rather than mutually exclusive because they are
simply different practical modes of producing a fair estimate of the
claimant’s loss. The application of both methods may proceed in two stages
(Lua Bee Kiang at [11]–[13]):

(a) First, the court should apply the component method to ensure that the loss
arising from each distinct injury suffered is accounted for and quantified.

(b) Second, the court should apply the global method to ensure that the
overall award is reasonable and neither excessive nor inadequate.

The global method can thus be said to be a tool to assist in stress testing
the amounts awarded by the court under the component method and where
necessary, to make adjustments accordingly.

22 The plaintiff’s claim for pain and suffering damages can broadly be broken
down into five categories of injuries: (a) TBI; (b) facial fractures; (c) lung
injuries; (d) lower limb injuries; and (e) multiple bruises and fractures. As
tabulated below, the plaintiff claims a total of $343,000. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PCS p 92 (items A1 to A5).

In contrast, the defendant submits that the sum should be $153,000 with a
discount of 25% (ie, approximately $115,000 after applying the discount). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DCS paras 73, 97 and 185; DRS para 13.

Damages | Plaintiff’s position| Defendant’s position   
---|---|---  
TBI | $ 250,000.00 |  $ 125,000.00   
Facial Fractures | $ 35,000.00 |  $ -   
Lung Injuries | $ 10,000.00 |  $ -   
Lower Limb Injuries | $ 45,000.00 |  $ 25,000.00   
Multiple Bruises and Lacerations | $ 3,000.00 |  $ 3,000.00   
Total | $ 343,000| ($153,000 x 75%) ≈ $115,000  
  
Stage 1: The individual components

(1) TBI

23 Taking guidance from the Court of Appeal’s decision in Chai Kang Wei Samuel
v Shaw Linda Gillian [2010] 3 SLR 587 (“Samuel Chai”) at [48]–[49], both
parties analyse the plaintiff’s claim for TBI with reference to three domains:
structural, psychological and cognitive. In line with the Court of Appeal’s
comments in Lua Bee Kiang at [15], the parties made extensive reference to
Charlene Chee et al, Guidelines for the Assessment of General Damages in
Personal Injury Cases (Academy Publishing, 2010) (“2010 Guidelines”) in
deriving their proposed awards to compensate for the plaintiff’s injuries.
Even then, they have arrived at significantly different figures.

24 For ease of reference, their respective positions on the damages for TBI
are tabulated as follows:

Damages for TBI | Plaintiff’s position| Defendant’s position  
---|---|---  
Structural | $75,000| $45,000  
Cognitive | $160,000| $80,000  
Psychological/Psychiatric | $50,000| 0  
Aggravated| $10,000| 0  
Total| $295,000| $125,000  
Final figure| $250,000 (discounted by approx. 16% for overlapping injuries)|
$93,750 (discounted by approx. 25%)  
  
25 The plaintiff submits that he should be entitled to $75,000 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCS para 2.72.

for his structural injuries (ie, the highest award in the “Severe” category
for skull fractures in the 2010 Guidelines) as the accident caused him to
suffer: (a) skull fractures which resulted in serious complications in the
form of extradural haematomas and contusions of the brain; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS para 2.66.

(b) bone depression due to his decompressive craniectomy surgery; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCS para 2.68.

and (c) scars from surgery. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PCS para 2.69.

26 He separately claims $160,000 for cognitive injuries (ie, the highest value
in the range for “Moderately severe brain damage” in the 2010 Guidelines). The
plaintiff has been diagnosed with Major Neurocognitive Disorder due to TBI and
now suffers from numerous residual cognitive disabilities. He is mentally
incapacitated and is unable to live independently, continue his education or
work. Since the time of the accident, he has made a “slow and gradual
neurological recovery” and has thus fallen out of the “Very severe brain
damage” category. Having regard to precedents such as Lua Bee Kiang and Lee
Wei Kong (by his litigation representative Lee Swee Chit) v Ng Siok Tong
[2012] 2 SLR 85 (“Lee Wei Kong”), the plaintiff submits that his injuries
surpass those of the claimants in the precedents, and he should therefore be
entitled to an award in the highest range of the “Moderately severe brain
damage” category. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCS paras 2.90 – 2.92.

27 The plaintiff also claims $50,000 for psychiatric injuries (ie, at the
higher end of the “Severe” range for general psychiatric disorder in the 2010
Guidelines). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS paras 2.93 – 2.98.

This is on the basis that his prognosis is poor and the behavioural changes
(eg, violence towards his family members) are permanent.

28 I pause to flag that there appears to be some confusion on the part of
plaintiff’s counsel as to whether the plaintiff falls within the “Severe”
range or in between the “Severe” and “Moderately severe” ranges for general
psychiatric disorder, as both ranges are put forward in the plaintiff’s
closing submissions at paragraphs 2.93 and 2.94. Given that the plaintiff
eventually put forth a claim for $50,000 for psychiatric injuries, it would
appear that the position ultimately taken is that the plaintiff falls within
the “Severe” range.

29 The plaintiff claims a further $10,000 as aggravated damages in relation to
his psychiatric conditions. This is on the basis that the defendant has
behaved in an exceptional and contumelious manner by: (a) arranging for
private investigators who took videos of him in the privacy of his own home
which captured him in a state of undress (ie, topless); (b) conducting an
interview with him on the pretext of doing a survey; and (c) making a last
minute application for leave to call the plaintiff as a witness to give
evidence. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS paras 2.99 – 2.121.

30 Totalling up the amounts claimed above (ie, $75,000 + $160,000 + $50,000 +
$10,000 = $295,000), the plaintiff submits that “considering overlapping”, a
reasonable global award would be $250,000 after applying a 16% discount. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS paras 2.123 – 2.124.

31 The plaintiff highlights that as the defendant had dispensed with the
attendance of all of the plaintiff’s doctors from the neurosurgery department,
all of their reports are unchallenged. Further, the defendant had not arranged
for the plaintiff to be medically re-examined for any of the injuries
sustained. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS para 2.10.

32 As for the defendant, it submits that a sum of $45,000 is appropriate
compensation for the plaintiff’s structural injuries (ie, at the higher end of
the “Moderate” range for skull fractures in the 2010 Guidelines). This is
largely on the basis that his structural injuries were more serious than those
in Samuel Chai for which an award of $29,000 was given. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DCS paras 75 – 79.

33 The defendant further avers that a sum of $80,000 is reasonable in respect
of the plaintiff’s neurocognitive injuries (ie, at the lowest end of the range
under “c(i)” for “Moderate brain damage” in the 2010 Guidelines). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DCS paras 80 – 82.

34 The defendant does not dispute that the plaintiff suffers from Major
Depressive Disorder or Persistent Depressive Disorder (respectively, “MDD” and
“PDD”). However, it denies the existence of any violent outbursts from the
plaintiff because there is no documentary evidence of it, save for the
family’s “subjective reporting”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS para 59(c).

In any event, it avers that no damages should be awarded for psychiatric
damage as the plaintiff’s violent outbursts and psychological/psychiatric
injuries were not caused by the accident or the defendant. Instead, they were
caused by the actions of his family members or some other factors unrelated to
the accident. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DCS paras 83 – 87.

More specifically, the defendant posits that the outbursts were caused by the
“excessive management and supervision” by the family and/or their refusal to
give him medication. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS para 65.

It also denies any causal link between the accident and the plaintiff’s
“belated claim for aggravated damages”.

(A) Analysis and decision on structural injuries

35 Structural injuries fall within the specialisation of neurosurgeons and
includes brain oedema, subdural, extradural subarachnoid haematoma, brain
contusion and loss of consciousness: Samuel Chai at [48].

36 The 2010 Guidelines state as follows:

J. SKULL

(a) Fracture

The quantum of the award depends on whether serious complications arise as a
result of the fractured skull, eg, epidural haematomas, swelling of the brain,
laceration of the brain from the broken skull fragments, etc. In less serious
cases, the person suffers only from a hairline fracture of the skull and
achieves full recovery with minimal, if any residual disabilities.

(i) Severe fracture $50,000–$75,000

The injured person suffers from compound fractures of the skull and the skull
fragments have lacerated the brain, resulting in serious brain injury.
Haematomas following the fracture of the skull resulting in severe brain
injury also fall into this category.

(ii) Moderate fracture $30,000–$50,000

The severity of the cases in this category is less than that of (a)(i) above
but there is extensive surgery done to repair the skull fracture with a long
recovery period. The higher end of the range of the award is appropriate where
there are complications arising during the recovery period, eg, further
surgery to relieve brain pressure, etc.

(iii) Minor fracture $20,000–$30,000

Cases in this category include those where the injured person suffers from a
hairline fracture of the skull which does not result in severe consequences.
Conservative treatment is needed and there are few, if any, residual
disabilities in the long run.

37 The dispute between the parties lies in whether the plaintiff falls within
the “Severe” or “Moderate” category for skull fracture. The indicative range
for damages is therefore between $45,000 and $75,000.

38 In my judgment, the plaintiff falls within the “Severe” category given his
myriad injuries and the multifarious procedures that he had to undergo in the
aftermath of the accident as detailed in Dr Ng’s report dated 21 October 2015.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PBOD Vol 1 pp 196 – 197.

The plaintiff endured:

(a) Multiple skull fractures in the left zygomatic arch (ie, the cheekbones),
fossa of the left temporal mandibular joint (ie, the joint connecting the
lower jaw to the skull), greater wing of left sphenoid extending to body of
sphenoid and walls of left sphenoid sinus (ie, the area around the nose) and
fractures of the left frontal and squamous part of the temporal bone (ie, the
lower portions of the skull around the ears).

(b) A large left frontal-parietal extradural haemorrhage (ie, the collection
of blood in the potential space between the skull and the dura, the latter
being the outermost of the three membranes covering the brain and spinal
cord).

(c) A recovery period of approximately four and a half months given that the
plaintiff was only released from TTSH on 14 August 2015.

(d) Complications which had arisen during the recovery period – namely, the
development of hydrocephalus.

39 The plaintiff had to undergo a left decompressive craniectomy and
evacuation of extradural haematoma, and insertion of an intracranial pressure
monitor on the day of the accident. Further surgeries were also necessary,
including but not limited to:

(a) on 9 April 2015, a thigh wound debridement;

(b) on 16 April 2015, an open reduction and internal fixation of fracture and
wound closure;

(c) on 4 July 2015, to insert a programmable ventriculoperitoneal shunt (ie, a
cerebral shunt to drain cerebrospinal fluid causing hydrocephalus); and

(d) on 11 July 2015, to repair his skull defect.

40 In my judgment, an award of $65,000 would be appropriate for the
plaintiff’s structural injuries (ie, towards the upper end of the “Severe”
range). The plaintiff’s skull fractures were extensive, spanning the lower to
middle portions of the skull. He presented at TTSH with large patches of
bleeding in his skull and subsequently suffered a serious complication in the
form of hydrocephalus. Follow-up surgeries were also necessary during his long
recovery period. The plaintiff continues to suffer from bone depression as a
result of his decompressive craniectomy surgery on 3 April 2015 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PCS para 2.68.

and has also been left with large scars on his head. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PCS para 2.69.

41 A rare example of a case which specifically elucidates the considerations
behind a component award for structural injury to the brain is Lua Bee Kiang.
There, the plaintiff suffered multiple facial fractures and injuries,
including a 10cm forehead laceration, zygomatic arch fractures, sinus
fractures, extensive hemosinus (ie, breakage in the walls of the sinus) and
complex facial fractures. He also suffered blunt force trauma injury to his
right eye. Further, the defendant in Lua Bee Kiang did not dispute that the
plaintiff had suffered skull fractures in the “Moderate” range for the
purposes of the 2010 Guidelines. The Court of Appeal did not think that
$40,000 was inappropriate based on the 2010 Guidelines (albeit that this was
prior to accounting for overlapping facial injuries) (at [33]–[34]).

42 In this case, the plaintiff’s injuries are far worse given that he suffered
complications post-accident and had to undergo repeat surgeries. Even without
accounting for those, the fact that the plaintiff also sustained a large
extradural haemorrhage places him in a far worse position than the plaintiff
in Lua Bee Kiang. Therefore, $65,000 would be appropriate for structural
injuries.

(B) Analysis and decision on psychological injuries

43 Psychological injuries fall within the specialisation of psychiatrists and
include depression, mood swings, anger and anxiety: Samuel Chai at [48].

44 I do not think it can be disputed that, beginning from 2018, there were
episodes in which the plaintiff was violent towards his family members. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 10 Nov 2020 9:16-21, 10:4 - 9.

The mere fact that those episodes are based off the family’s reporting is not
objectionable in and of itself – most of the episodes occurred in private at
home and the plaintiff (lacking mental capacity) is unlikely to have the
presence of mind to report or make a note of them himself. These outbursts and
aggressive tendencies are recorded in various reports (see eg, Dr Collinson’s
follow-up report dated 3 November 2018 at para 3.2 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 274.

and Dr Fones’ report dated 10 February 2020 at paras 3 and 4 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 429 – 430.

). His family members were also able to provide coherent and vivid
descriptions of how, where and when some of the most severe episodes occurred
in their testimony – I highlight, for example, Ms Ashikin’s account of the
plaintiff’s angry outburst targeted at Mdm Noraini during the family’s Hajj
pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia in her Affidavit-of-Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”)
dated 18 November 2019 at para 37 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

BAEIC Vol 1 pp 30 – 31 [Ms Ashikin’s AEIC para 37].

which was consistent with her account under cross-examination 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 10 Nov 2020 11:8 – 12:7; 12 Nov 2020 26: 6 – 27:13.

and corroborated subsequently by Mdm Noraini’s account. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 p 101:17 – 32.

Having seen and observed them on the stand, I saw no reason to disbelieve
their evidence regarding the outbursts by the plaintiff.

45 I reject the defendant’s case theory that the family had somehow been
responsible for the psychiatric injuries suffered by the plaintiff or had
exacerbated them by being overprotective of or depriving him of “alone time”
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE 10 Nov 2020 71: 1-20

. The theory is unsupported by evidence, particularly expert evidence, and
conveniently ignores the fact that these signs of psychiatric injury only
began manifesting after the accident. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 430.

Crucially, as stated in Dr Collinson’s follow-up report dated 3 November 2018,
these episodes were consistent with the behavioural symptoms associated with
TBI, namely, “angry outbursts, emotional overreaction, physical and verbal
abuse, and impulsiveness particularly when agitated”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 271 para 1.6.

In contrast, the defendant offered no contrary evidence.

46 Given that the defendant’s argument is essentially on causation, there is
no analysis in its submissions on quantum and it also accepts the diagnosis of
MDD and PDD as put forth by the various doctors. Separately, I harbour some
reservations as to whether the defendant should even be permitted to challenge
causation at the stage of assessment of damages when it has already conceded
full liability on 2 May 2018. In this regard, I have in mind the Court of
Appeal’s recent reiteration in Tan Woo Thian v PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory
Services Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 1166 at [7] that causation is a matter going
towards liability (and not quantum) in that it is a critical element which
must be proved before the tort of negligence is made out in the first place.
Quite apart from this, the key point here is that even the plaintiff’s claimed
figure of $50,000 cannot simply be accepted without analysis. Therefore, in
the ensuing paragraphs, I take some time to lay out the evidence of the
plaintiff’s doctors.

47 Dr Fones, the plaintiff’s psychiatrist, opined in his follow-up report
dated 10 February 2020 that the plaintiff suffers from MDD of moderate
severity as characterised by persistent low mood accompanied by insomnia
alternating with hypersomnia, low energy/fatigue, low self-esteem and feelings
of hopelessness. Given that this has persisted for more than two years, the
plaintiff is now diagnosed with PDD. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PDBO Vol 1 p 430.

There are also assorted behavioural changes associated with the plaintiff’s
TBI. I will deal with the plaintiff’s behavioural changes under cognitive
impairments as these are explicitly contemplated in the 2010 Guidelines as a
way to estimate damages for brain damage. To remove this first degree of
overlap, I focus only on the plaintiff’s diagnosis of MDD and PDD in this
section. It should also be noted that there are clear overlaps between the
effects of MDD, PDD and the plaintiff’s behavioural changes – a point which
the plaintiff concedes in his closing submissions at para 2.46. This second
degree of overlap will be returned to under Stage 2 (see [104] below).

48 As the plaintiff’s court-appointed psychiatrist who focussed on treating
his PDD, Dr Fones’ follow-up report dated 10 February 2020 is of especial
significance. Dr Fones found that: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PBOD Vol 1 pp 429 – 432.

(a) If the plaintiff’s PDD is left untreated, it will interact with his
Neurocognitive Disorder, further compounding his behavioural problems and
disabilities.

(b) The chronic nature of the plaintiff’s depression which has developed into
PDD “is more amenable to treatment and improvement. However the long-standing
nature of his physical and social difficulties are negative prognostic factors
for improvement in his mood state”.

(c) The plaintiff’s disabilities do not affect his basic activities of daily
living (eg, bathing and eating). However, his ability to carry out important
tasks which are fundamental for independent living has been substantially
affected.

(d) He is unable to handle money or manage finances beyond small sums (ie,
less than $100). He is unable to travel independently beyond the immediate
proximity of his home and unable to manage on his own with regards to
cooking/nutrition, health care and ensuring personal safety and security.

(e) By extension, the plaintiff would be unable to hold down a job.

49 Dr Fones prescribed anti-depressant medication to the plaintiff, and
referred him to a clinical psychologist for therapy and counselling.

50 There are some indications that Dr Fones’ observations at [48(d)] may have
been overly dire. I say this because the defendant’s private investigators
obtained video footage of the plaintiff being able to leave his flat in
Hougang, take different modes of public transport and navigate on his own
(including a trip from home to TTSH for one of his medical appointments and
back), 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DCS p 11, para 10 – 13.

purchase food and other items on his own and answer interview questions during
a mock survey. It is therefore apposite to also have regard to the opinions of
two other doctors.

51 First, Dr Chua, a senior consultant at TTSH’s department of rehabilitation,
assessed the plaintiff at around the same time and detailed the following
findings in her report dated 3 March 2020 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 425 – 428.

and her clarification letter dated 30 March 2020: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PSBOD p 1513 – 1515.

(a) The plaintiff reported that he was independent in self-care activities of
daily life (“ADL”), able to plan his daily home routine, cook simple meals and
perform his gym routine independently. Dr Chua added in her clarification
letter that the plaintiff had informed his clinical psychologist that he was
able to use Google maps to navigate in unfamiliar places.

(b) The family reported that he was independent in taking public transport on
his own on familiar routes without aid.

(c) According to his family members, problems of domestic violence, frequent
anger episodes and physical aggression towards them were reported since 2018
and worsened in the past six months.

(d) The plaintiff’s depression screening scores were elevated during the
session and Dr Chua referred the plaintiff back to his psychologist for anger
management and family counselling.

(e) While he currently does not need a long term carer for his ADL, there
needs to be a supervisor for his instrumental ADLs and oversight of his social
behaviour when he is outside the safety of his home.

(f) In terms of readiness or fitness to return to work for gainful employment,
this would be daunting. Dr Chua added subsequently that the plaintiff would
“face immense difficulty with employment” in her clarification letter.

(g) In 2018, there were behavioural issues with impulsivity, episodic
dyscontrol, anger, emotional overreaction, aggression towards his mother
requiring hospitalisation. These instances were documented three to four times
a year.

52 Dr Chua prescribed a low dosage of anxiety and depression medication to the
plaintiff on 6 March 2020. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS para 2.50.

53 Second, Dr Chan, a consultant with TTSH’s department of psychological
medicine, prepared an updated medical report of the plaintiff’s psychiatric
illnesses dated 25 September 2020. She was of the view that the plaintiff
would require “lifelong supervision for activities of daily living”. Further,
in her opinion, the diagnosis of Major Neurocognitive Disorder due to TBI with
behavioural disturbance “better accounts for Adam’s current condition than the
diagnoses of [MDD] and/or [PDD]”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PBOD Vol Supp p 1525.

By this, Dr Chan clarified that she was not denying that the plaintiff has
depression. Rather, what she meant to convey was that the plaintiff has more
than just depression. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 24 Nov 2020 63:12-21.

54 The relevant sections of the 2010 Guidelines state as follows:

A. GENERAL PSYCHIATRIC DISORDERS

This section covers psychiatric conditions not provided for specifically in
the sections below. There is a myriad of psychiatric conditions that could
result from experiencing a traumatic event, eg, depression, avoidant phobias,
anxiety attacks, etc. They range in severity too, with the most severe
psychiatric conditions debilitating a person to the extent he is unable to
cope with the activities of daily life.

The factors to be taken into account in valuing claims of this nature are as
follows:

(i) The person’s ability to cope with life and work in general as compared to
his pre-trauma state;

(ii) The effect on the person’s relationships with the family, friends and
those with whom he or she comes into contact with;

(iii) Whether the person is suicidal as a result of his psychiatric condition;

(iv) Whether medical help has been sought;

(v) The extent to which treatment would be successful;

(vi) The extent to which medication affects the person’s work and social life;

(vii) Whether the person adheres faithfully to counselling sessions and takes
his or her medication;

(viii) The risk of relapse in the future; and

(ix) The chances of recovery in the future.

(a) Severe $25,000–$55,000

The person suffers from marked problems with respect to factors (i) to (vi).
Despite treatment, the prognosis remains very poor as the person is unlikely
to be able to return to employment permanently or even take charge of his
daily affairs.

(b) Moderately severe $8,000–$25,000

There are significant problems associated with factors (i) to (vi) above but
the prognosis will be much more optimistic than in (a) above. However, the
person may still have long-term problems coping with stressors of work life
and the demands of social life thus preventing a return to pre-trauma
employment. He is however, able to perform the activities of daily life
independently.

[emphasis in original]

55 In my judgment, the plaintiff falls within the “Moderately severe” category
and a reasonable award is $20,000. Given Dr Chan’s opinion that the majority
of the plaintiff’s symptoms can be explained better by the behavioural changes
associated with TBI, the harm caused to the plaintiff by PDD or MDD is likely
to be less significant. As Dr Fones stated in his report dated 10 February
2020, the prognosis for them is also more optimistic because depression is
more amenable to treatment than behavioural changes. Further, while the
plaintiff has had violent outbursts and emotional episodes that have
undoubtedly taken a toll on his relations with his family, these occur
infrequently at a rate of approximately three to four times a year. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 426.

It is also important to consider that the plaintiff’s condition has improved
markedly since the plaintiff started taking medication. In fact, Ms Ashikin
recounted that there have been “no recent violent [sic] towards any family
members”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 10 November 2020 74:11-12.

Thus, this factor while present, is not currently prominent. While the
plaintiff has expressed suicidal thoughts to his father, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 13 Nov 2020 p 113:16.

this aspect does not appear at all in the most recent report by Dr Chan, nor
does it appear to have been remarked upon much by the experts. I therefore
reach the conclusion that suicidal ideation does not feature greatly as part
of the plaintiff’s psychological injuries.

56 Nonetheless, an award at the higher end of the “Moderately severe” range is
warranted as the plaintiff’s ability to work and cope with life has been
adversely affected to a significant degree when compared to his pre-trauma
state. While he is able to carry out basic ADL on his own, cook simple meals,
navigate and travel unsupervised on familiar routes, the relevant doctors are
unanimous in their opinion that the plaintiff requires at least some degree of
supervision in his daily life and will find it difficult to find a job in the
future. I return to this latter point below at [74].

57 To sum up, I hold that a reasonable award for the plaintiff’s psychological
injuries is $20,000.

(C) Analysis and decision on cognitive impairments

58 Cognitive impairments fall within the specialisation of clinical
psychologists and include loss of spatial, visual, long and short term memory,
intellect (in terms of Intelligence Quotient (“IQ”)) and learning ability:
Samuel Chai at [48].

59 The defendant agrees that the plaintiff should receive damages for his
neurocognitive injuries. It submits that the plaintiff is at the lowest point
under “c(i)” in the “Moderate brain damage” category in the 2010 Guidelines,
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS paras 80 - 81.

while the plaintiff claims that he is at the highest end of the “Moderately
severe brain damage” category. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS paras 2.76 and 2.92

The range is therefore from $80,000 to $160,000.

60 The relevant portions of the 2010 Guidelines state as follows:

(b) Moderately severe brain damage $120,000–$160,000

Cases falling under this category include injured persons who are, although
more aware of their physical environment than those in (a) above [ie, Very
severe brain damage], still have severe physical and cognitive limitations
such that there is heavy reliance on care-givers for constant care. The GCS
may be between 8–10. This category also includes persons whose intellect and
personality undergo a significant change subsequent to the injuries sustained.

The quantum of the award will be affected by the following factors:

(i) the degree of awareness of the physical environment and response to
stimuli;

(ii) life expectancy;

(iii) the extent of physical limitations;

(iv) the degree of dependence on others for activities of daily living;

(v) significant cognitive impairment and personality change (with associated
behavioural problems); and

(vi) epilepsy or a significant risk of epilepsy.

(c) Moderate brain damage

This category is distinguished from (b) above by the fact that the degree of
dependence on care-givers is significantly lower and the person is able to
perform simple tasks of daily life. The GCS scale may be between 9–12.

(i) Moderate to severe cognitive impairment with accompanying personality
change resulting in behavioural problems, a reduced awareness of danger
present in the physical environment, reduced sight, speech and sensory
abilities with a significant risk of epilepsy and no prospect of employment.
$80,000–$120,000.

(ii) Moderate to modest cognitive impairment – the person’s chances of
competing in the job market with other able-bodied persons is significantly
reduced and there is some risk of epilepsy. $50,000–$80,000

(iii) Able to perform the activities of daily life competently with minimal or
no dependence on others but concentration and memory are affected, such that
the ability to work is reduced and there is a small risk of epilepsy.
$25,000–$50,000

[emphasis in original]

61 The various experts of the plaintiff are largely in agreement that the
plaintiff’s main diagnosis is Major Neurocognitive Disorder due to TBI with
behavioural disturbance. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PSBOD p 1527 – 1528 [Dr Fones’ report dated 26 Oct 2020]; p 1523 – 1526 [Dr
Chan’s report dated 25 Sept 2020]; PBOD Vol 1 p 274 [Dr Collinson’s report
dated 3 Nov 2018].

The plaintiff’s cognitive impairments are serious and extensive, spanning
multiple cognitive domains. Dr Collinson, his neuropsychologist, assessed him
in 2015 and found that the plaintiff has: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 204.

global cognitive deficits … [which] consist of generalized decline in
intellectual ability affecting all domains including core language
comprehension and speed of language comprehension, non-verbal (visuo-
perceptual) organisation, working memory and general processing speed. In
addition [the plaintiff] has a severe amnestic disorder affecting both verbal
and non-verbal memory processing. He has severe higher order deficits in the
areas of verbal generation, concreteness, inhibition and elements of planning.
[emphasis added]

62 Upon reassessment in 2018, Dr Collinson found the plaintiff’s IQ to be
between the 2nd to 8th percentile in the population and that: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 274.

[The plaintiff] shows no significant improvement from the global cognitive
deficits that were recorded in 2015. These include; a generalised decline in
intellectual ability affecting all domains including core language and speed
of language comprehension, non-verbal (visuo-perceptual) organisation, and
working memory. He continues to demonstrate a severe amnestic disorder
affecting both verbal and non-verbal memory modalities. He has significant
higher order deficits. [emphasis added]

63 Despite rigorous cross-examination by Mr Anthony Wee, counsel for the
defendant, Dr Collinson maintained his position that the plaintiff’s cognitive
impairments are “pretty widespread” and that “he’s impaired in every area I
tested him” although he agreed that the plaintiff was more severely affected
in some areas than others. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 24 Nov 2020 117:6 – 23, 119:14 – 26.

Dr Collinson’s views are corroborated by Dr Fones who observed in para 3 of
his report dated 10 February 2020 that the plaintiff’s TBI has resulted in “a
range of cognitive deficits. He continues to have deficits in the domains of
complex attention, executive ability, learning and memory. He also has slowing
in his speed of information processing and has difficulties in social
cognition”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PBOD Vol 1 pp 429 – 430.

64 Manifestations of these cognitive effects include difficulties with
managing financial transactions and calculations. As reported by Dr Chua in
her report dated 3 March 2020, mental calculations involving more than two
digits are challenging for the plaintiff. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 427.

In a related vein, Dr Fones observed in his report dated 10 February 2020 that
the plaintiff is unable to handle money or manage finances beyond small sums.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 431.

65 Furthermore, behavioural and personality changes have been observed in the
plaintiff over the years. In his report dated 10 February 2020, Dr Fones
observed at paras 3–4 that:

3 … Emotionally, his condition [ie, TBI] has led to irritability and easy
frustration, experiencing tension/anxiety and affective (mood) liability.

4 Personality changes he has developed include apathy, suspiciousness and
aggression. He has become paranoid and suspicious to the point of being
fearful of going out and talking to others ever since he found out that he had
been subject to private investigators’ surveillance. The lack of emotional
control has manifested in verbal and sometimes, physical aggression directed
at the family members. The physical violence has even escalated to the point
of causing injury to his family members. These factors have compounded his
ongoing difficulties with relationships, independent living and self-care.

As mentioned above (at [44]–[45]), I do not think that the defendant can
plausibly deny that the plaintiff has had angry and violent outbursts, or that
these are causally related to the accident. Dr Chua has also documented that
such instances did occur, at one point, three to four times each year (see
above at [51(g)]).

66 The doctors have also observed that the plaintiff’s cognitive recovery has
plateaued and that he is unlikely to see significant improvement. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PRS para 1.10.

Dr Fones stated at para 48 of his report dated 17 January 2018 that “[t]he
prolonged and persistent nature of the cognitive deficits arising from the
severe TBI would be unlikely to improve now, some 2 years and 9 months after
the accident”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 261.

The same was reported in Dr Chua’s report dated 3 March 2020: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 426.

His cognitive screening scores … were in the impaired range in the areas of
spatial organisation, short term memory and calculation and when compared with
his scores in 2016, these were minimally changed. This pattern is similar and
consistent with that in 2018 from Dr Collinson’s report and his current
cognitive deficits are consistent with severe TBI and demonstrate chronic
fixed deficits which are not likely to improve. [emphasis added]

67 Furthermore, as I will explain below in the section containing my decision
on the plaintiff’s loss of future income, I am of the view that it will be an
uphill task for the plaintiff to independently obtain and retain a job in the
future.

68 Bearing in mind the above, the applicable range of awards for the
plaintiff’s cognitive injuries can be narrowed down to between $80,000 and
$140,000 (ie, the lowest point under “c(i)” in the “Moderate brain damage”
category to the mid-point of the “Moderately severe brain damage” category).
An award at the highest range of “Moderately severe brain damage” (ie,
$160,000) is not warranted because the plaintiff does not claim to have
epilepsy or any risk of it, and takes the position that his life expectancy
has not been altered (ie, because he claims to have the same remaining life
expectancy as an average male Singapore citizen). 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS para 2.77 read with para 4.23.

69 To further narrow down the range, it is necessary to have regard to two key
factors which distinguish between the “Severe” and “Moderately severe”
categories in the 2010 Guidelines: (a) the degree of dependence on caregivers;
and (b) the ability to perform simple tasks of daily life.

70 With regard to the evidence, the first port of call would be the
surveillance video footage of the plaintiff. There are two sets of videos:

(a) Video recordings taken on 15 June 2016 showing the plaintiff walking alone
in the vicinity of Hougang Avenue 8. He was seen purchasing items from a
neighbourhood store on his own before going home. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS p 11.

(b) Video recordings on 16 June 2016 showing the plaintiff walking, on his
own, from his house, making his way to TTSH on public transport and back
again.

71 I had briefly touched on these videos at [50] above. They show that the
plaintiff is able, on his own, to take public transport, navigate and handle
simple transactions to purchase items. Admittedly, they do not demonstrate
whether, and if so the extent of, any pre-planning or prior instruction that
may have been required on the part of the plaintiff’s family members.
Nevertheless, and more importantly, even if these videos are mere snapshots of
the plaintiff’s life on selected days and unrepresentative of the full spread
of his neurocognitive impairments as a result of the accident, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS paras 2.17 – 2.22.

they do, at the very least, show that he is able to handle himself in public
(whether with any pre-planning or otherwise) without any violent outbursts or
aggression towards others, and is also aware of traffic signs, signals and
dangers (eg, waiting for traffic lights to change and quickening his pace when
pedestrian crossing lights in his favour are flashing green and about to turn
red).

72 While Ms Ashikin and Mdm Noraini took pains to emphasise that the plaintiff
was, especially for the trip to TTSH, following a meticulously prepared plan
and had to go through a large amount of preparation before he was allowed to
go out on his own, the fact remains that the plaintiff was capable of
following directions and plans with the aid of his family members. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS para 2.19 – 2.22

73 This is entirely in line with the findings of the experts that the
plaintiff is independent in self-care ADL, able to plan his daily home
routine, etc (see above at [51(a)]–[51(b)] and also Dr Fones’ report dated 10
February 2020 at para 14) 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 431.

. The plaintiff is also able to send reasonably coherent emails and messages
(see, for example, his emails sent to Nanyang Polytechnic on 20 April 2018 in
relation to his application for the “Direct Admission Exercise”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCS para 54; NE 10 November 2020 62:1-17.

Further indication that the plaintiff had recovered some measure of his pre-
accident cognitive abilities can be gleaned from a brief perusal of the
plaintiff’s “Memory Diary”. These were initially a somewhat garbled collection
of disjointed short sentences after the accident (see, for example, the entry
on 20 July 2015), 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

BAEIC Vol 1 p 133.

but eventually progressed to full sentences and paragraphs about the events of
his day (for example, what he had for lunch and dinner, mention of a visit to
the dentist and being unsure if he should get braces for his teeth), his hopes
for recovery and his dream of going to “NAFA” ie, the Nanyang Academy of Fine
Arts (see, for example, the entries on 15 and 19 November 2015). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

BAEIC Vol 1 p 201.

74 That having been said, the experts are unanimous in their opinion that the
plaintiff will require some form of supervision for the rest of his life:

(a) Dr Collinson stated in his report dated 3 November 2018 at para 3.3 that
although the plaintiff “may not want a caregiver and is capable of living
semi-independently with the help of his family, he would not manage to live by
himself successfully without this support. In the absence of family, he would
need a caregiver to provide at least some oversight in his daily activities”.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 274.

When cross-examined on this point, Dr Collison explained that generally,
individuals with cognitive injuries like the plaintiff, are unlikely to manage
their safety well if they were to live alone in several respects which I found
concerning: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NEs 24 November 2020 105:27 – 106:1.

They don’t manage their safety well within the house, so they might leave the
gas on whilst they are cooking and potentially cause a fire. They may forget
to lock their house and be robbed. They may be subject to influence by other
people, who could take away their money or pressure them in some way … those
are the kind of threats to people who have severe injury by living alone.

Equally concerning, Dr Collinson had also observed that the plaintiff,
specifically, was unable to come up with simple solutions to immediate real-
life problems that could pose a threat or impairment to his well-being such as
a fire or a minor leak in his house. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NEs 24 November 2020 122:16 – 123:19.

(b) The OzWorks Report dated 1 February 2019 opined that the plaintiff is: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 304 – 305.

independent in all basic activities of daily living but requires
supervision/assistance from family members with some instrumental activities
of daily living. He is able to manage small day-to-day financial purchases but
requires assistance with more complicated financial matters eg. use of ATM,
major purchases, balancing a budget. He also requires assistance in the areas
of housekeeping, meal preparation, shopping, laundry and medication
management.

It adds that: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 305.

[the plaintiff] is currently ADL independent, is able to use public transport
and [can] go out into the community independently. As such, a caregiver that
accompanies him at all times is not necessary. However, he is not able to live
independently as he requires assistance for some instrumental ADLs (eg.
management of financial matters, housekeeping, meal preparation, laundry) and
will require oversight/assistance of a live-in, full-time caregiver for his
safety and well-being.

(c) Dr Chua stated in her report dated 3 March 2020 that “[w]hile he currently
does not need a long term carer for his ADL, there does need to be a
supervisor for his instrumental ADLs and oversight of his social behaviour
when he is outside the safety of his home”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 427.

(d) Dr Chan stated in her report dated 25 September 2020 that “due to the
severity of his cognitive impairment and behavioural disturbances, it is
likely that [the plaintiff] will need lifelong supervision for activities of
daily living.” 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PSBOD p 1525.

75 Bearing in mind the above, it is clear that the plaintiff is capable of
managing himself for basic day-to-day activities but would still require some
supervision and support as he is unable to live independently. Of particular
concern is Dr Collinson’s observation that the plaintiff would face
difficulties in mitigating risks to his own safety if he were to live alone.
Pursuant to the 2010 Guidelines, this indicates that the plaintiff would fall
in the “Moderate brain damage” category. Accordingly, in my judgment, a
reasonable figure for his cognitive impairments is $100,000. This is in the
highest range of damages for the “Moderate brain damage” category and reflects
the fact that his injuries are severe, widespread and almost certainly
permanent.

(D) Summary of Award on TBI

76 I find that the following component awards are reasonable in respect of the
plaintiff’s TBI. For the avoidance of doubt, these awards do not include
overlapping injuries.

(a) Structural injuries: $65,000

(b) Psychological injuries: $20,000

(c) Cognitive impairments: $100,000

(2) Facial fractures

77 The plaintiff seeks to claim $35,000 for multiple facial fractures. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS paras 2.125 and 2.134.

He adds that he has had to undergo an open reduction and internal fixation of
his left orbitozygomatic complex fractures on 16 April 2015 and subsequently
suffered complications as a result of the metal implants in his body. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS para 2.128.

78 In my judgment, damages are not claimable by the plaintiff for the multiple
facial fractures because the injuries relied upon by the plaintiff here are
the very same injuries used to quantify the plaintiff’s injuries to the skull,
and for which I have already awarded damages (see [40] above). The award for
facial fractures is therefore $0.

(3) Lung injuries and urinary tract infection

79 The plaintiff submits that a sum of $10,000 ought to be awarded to him
because he was found to suffer from aspiration pneumonitis on the day of the
accident and subsequently suffered healthcare-related pneumonia and urinary
tract infection (“UTI”). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PCS para 2.142.

He also had to undergo an open tracheotomy on 9 April 2015 resulting in a 3cm
scar.

80 Save for denying that the aspiration pneumonitis could have been caused by
the accident, the defendant makes no submission on the plaintiff’s claim of
$10,000 for lung injuries and UTI. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS paras 88 – 90.

81 Aspiration pneumonitis refers to chemically induced inflammation of the
lungs as a result of the aspiration of the gastric contents, followed by
infection of the lungs due to the bacteria in the gastrointestinal tract. This
may occur when brain injury or loss of consciousness affects a person’s normal
gag reflex. This may well have occurred as a result of the accident given that
the plaintiff had lost consciousness and had a GCS of 5. The healthcare-
related pneumonia, UTI and open tracheotomy were all complications which arose
after the accident, during the course of the plaintiff’s prolonged hospital
stay. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 221.

82 The plaintiff tenders two authorities in support of its position. In Ang
Siam Hua v Teo Cheng Hoe [2004] SGHC 147 (“Ang Siam Hua”), the court awarded
$2,000 for pneumonia (at [15]) and $6,000 for a tracheotomy scar and multiple
abrasions and scars across various parts of the body. The figure of $6,000
cannot be relied upon because the tracheotomy scar was one of the less serious
abrasion scars observed on the plaintiff in Ang Siam Hua. The court
specifically referenced the case of Seow Seet Lye v Ho Kian Min (MC Suit No.
9504 of 1996) in which an award of $500 was made for a 2.5cm tracheotomy scar.
In Ong Leong Hin suing by Ong Chee Peng, Deputy v Ho Yew Leong (HC Suit No 209
of 2013), the court awarded $5,000 for pain and suffering for other injuries
which included UTIs. The latter case is unhelpful because the award of $5,000
is not broken down into its various components and the page from the
Practitioners’ Library – Assessment of Damages: Personal Injury and Fatal
Accidents (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2017) cited by the plaintiff only states
“urgency in micturition” as a disability without more.

83 Having regard to other authorities, awards for lung injuries have been as
follows:

(a) In Choy Kuo Wen Eddie v Soh Chin Seng [2008] SGHC 113, the plaintiff
suffered a rib fracture, pulmonary contusion, chemical pneumonitis and
extubation for nine days. Chemical pneumonitis, like aspirational pneumonitis,
is lung irritation caused by the inhalation of substances irritating or toxic
to the lung. He received an award of $5,000 (at [61]–[62]).

(b) In Sun Delong v Teo Poh Soon and another [2016] SGHC 129 (“Sun Delong”)
the plaintiff developed small bilateral lower lung contusions and minimal
pneumomediastinum. The latter is a rare condition in which air is present in
the mediastinum (ie, the central component of the thoracic cavity between the
lungs that contains the heart, trachea, oesophagus and some blood vessels). He
received an award of $5,000 (at [20]–[21]).

84 None of the authorities is specifically on point. In fact, in the absence
of medical evidence, it is not possible to gauge if minimal pneumomediastinum
or chemical pneumonitis is even of the same severity as the injuries suffered
by the plaintiff here. In my judgment, an award of $1,000 would be reasonable
for the 3cm tracheotomy scar, and $4,000 would be reasonable for the
plaintiff’s aspiration pneumonitis, pneumonia and UTI. The total award for
lung injuries and UTI is therefore $5,000.

(4) Lower limb injuries

85 The plaintiff submits that a reasonable sum for his leg injuries is
$35,000. To this, he adds a further $10,000 to account for three scars on his
lower limbs. This results in a total award of $45,000 for lower limb injuries.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS paras 2.155 – 2.160.

86 The defendant submits that a reasonable sum for the plaintiff’s leg
injuries is $25,000. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS para 93.

87 As a starting point, I do not think that the plaintiff should receive a
further $10,000 for the three scars. This would constitute overcounting
because the 2010 Guidelines which the plaintiff used to derive a sum of
$35,000 for leg injuries already includes compensation for scars (see
underlined portions below). Therefore, I will deal with the lower limb
injuries as a whole.

88 The relevant portions of the 2010 Guidelines state as follows:

(b) Severe leg injuries

(i) Very severe injuries short of amputation, eg, extensive degloving, gross
shortening, non-union of fractures, badly damaged soft tissues (muscle
wasting). Extensive surgery and physiotherapy are required but recovery will
not be complete. The person is likely to be left with extensive disabilities
despite surgery that will greatly impair his chances of employment in the same
trade and also impede his social life. His condition is not likely to improve
in the long run. $35,000–$55,000

(ii) Serious and/or multiple fractures leading to restricted mobility,
deformity and/or shortening of limbs. There is high risk of developing
osteoarthritis requiring surgery and intensive physiotherapy. The person is
likely to suffer significant disabilities on a long term basis that will
significantly affect his chances of finding employment and his social life as
well but the severity is less than that of (b)(i) above. $30,000–$40,000

(iii) Serious injuries to joints or ligaments resulting in permanent
instability, laxity of the ligaments despite surgery and physiotherapy. There
is also extensive scarring which cannot be removed completely by cosmetic
surgery. However, the person is likely to be able to gain employment though at
a reduced capacity and there may be some effect on his social life as well.
$25,000–$30,000

(iv) Moderate injuries which include open and/or compound fractures. An award
in the higher range is appropriate where there is a likely risk of
degenerative changes in the future requiring further surgery as a result of
damage to the articular surfaces of the tibia and/or fibula, malunion of
fractures, muscle wasting, restricted movement and unsightly scars which
cannot be completely removed by cosmetic surgery. $15,000–$25,000

[emphasis in original in bold, emphasis added in underline]

89 The parties have both cited category “b(ii)” in their submissions (ie,
$30,000 to $40,000). Somewhat confusingly, the defendant claims that this
corresponds to a monetary award in the range of $25,000 to $45,000 when such
figures do not match the range indicated for category “b(ii)” in the 2010
Guidelines. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS para 92.

I therefore undertake the analysis afresh in relation to this category by
reference to the points put forth by the parties.

90 The plaintiff suffered the following lower limb injuries: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS para 2.143.

(a) Open fracture of the left femoral shaft bone.

(b) Displaced fracture over the left proximal femoral shaft.

(c) Left thigh compartment syndrome.

(d) Gross deformation of left thigh/open laceration wound of hip/thigh.

(e) Contusion of muscles around the left proximal femur.

91 In my view, the fractures and the resultant surgeries as detailed at para
2.144 of the plaintiff’s submissions warrant an award in category “b(ii)”. It
has not escaped my attention that since the time of the accident, the
plaintiff has made a significant recovery from these injuries and surveillance
videos show that he is capable of walking around his neighbourhood alone and
unaided for some distance. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS para 93(c).

To understand the present extent of his injuries, it is necessary to have
regard to the opinion of three medical experts.

92 First, the plaintiff’s rehabilitation doctor, Dr Chua, stated in her
clarification letter dated 30 March 2020 that: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PSBOD p 1514.

On 22 Jan 2020, he was assessed by our senior physiotherapist at TTSH 5B
clinic who reported that [the plaintiff] was independent in functional
mobility, able to walk up and down a slope and climb 1 flight of stairs. He
had a full score of 56/56 on the Berg Balance Score which is a standardised,
comprehensive 14-item test of static and dynamic balance activities including
standing on 1 leg, left and right … He was independent in ambulation with left
lower limb in slight external rotation. His gait speed on the standardised 10m
walk test was 1.46m/s was within normal limits and consistent with a person
being able to walk in the community at usual speed. On a test of walking
capacity such as the 6-minute walk test, [the plaintiff] walked 402m which was
within normal limits. It was also documented by the senior physiotherapist
that the patient was able to take public transport and come to the clinic
independently. The presence of pain or muscle aches or tightness in his
fractured thigh could also influence performance in high level balance tests
such as standing on one leg. These can improve with physiotherapy and
exercise. [emphasis added in bold and underline]

93 That said, Dr Chua’s findings showed that the plaintiff suffers from some
residual disabilities (ie, the sections underlined above). This is consistent
with the findings of Dr K Kannan, the plaintiff’s consultant orthopaedic
specialist in his report dated 3 February 2020.

94 Dr Kannan found that the plaintiff’s main orthopaedic issues are “left hip
and knee discomfort with limited range”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 319.

His medical opinion is that:

[The plaintiff’s] injuries have affected his lower limb biomechanics to the
extent that he is unable to perform normal gait and some of his daily
activities. This disability is permanent.

He has had a fracture of the left thigh femur bone, which had been treated
with an internal fixation. He has now a permanent reduced movement at the hip
joint and left knee on clinical examination.

…

The lower limb injury has left him with some functional limitations. This has
affected his work and active lifestyle and some functions like squatting,
climbing and kneeling; basic functions that he is currently unable to do with
ease.

The range discrepancy between the right and left hip will make his gait
difficult, as he would now have to expand more energy moving his left leg. He
may also require a special garment or an orthotic to help de-rotate the left
lower limb to balance the pelvis so that his gait can be more balanced.
Currently as he is young, he is compensating very well without a limp or
imbalance in his gait. However, this subtle abnormal gait pattern will
eventually take a significant strain on his hips and back. This functional
disability is likely to be permanent.

[emphasis added]

95 When showed the surveillance footage of the plaintiff walking, Dr Kannan
saw that there was a “very, very subtle difference in the gait” and that if
rehabilitation was not done to teach the plaintiff to balance his gait, his
condition would deteriorate over the years. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE 30 Nov 2020 38:29 - 39:16.

96 The third medical report of relevance is that of Dr Mudh Farhan bin Mohd
Fadil, a consultant in TTSH’s Department of Orthopaedic Surgery. In his
specialist report dated 23 November 2018, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 284.

he stated that the plaintiff’s “limitation in left hip and knee movement will
be permanent – there is no intervention to resolve this”. He observed that the
plaintiff’s residual disability for activities of daily living and work are
from the limitation in the movement of his left hip and left knee. Further:

[The plaintiff] is totally independent in activities of daily living. As far
as the stability and strength that his left leg offers, he is able to walk,
climb up and down stairs independently and is able to take the public
transport independently. The left femur is able to withstand normal load
stresses of running and jumping and load bearing as if it was not injured. He
is doing weight training at the gym to build up further his strength.

His limited hip and knee movements though will restrict him from jobs
requiring prolonged squatting, kneeling or moving in tight spaces…

97 Viewed in the round, it is clear that the plaintiff has regained most of
the function in his lower limbs. He is also able to carry out most activities
of daily living independently and will either maintain at this standard or
continue to improve with therapy and/or gym training sessions. However, there
remains some residual disability in the form of a limited range of movement in
his left hip and knee which is permanent. As such, an award at the lower end
of the range of “b(ii)” is, in my judgment, warranted and reasonable.
Factoring in his three permanent scars: (a) long scar running down the entire
upper left thigh measuring 28cm; (b) left knee lateral scar measuring 5.6cm;
and (c) left knee medial scar measuring 2cm, I find that a total sum of
$33,000 is reasonable for the plaintiff’s lower limb injuries.

(5) Bruises and lacerations

98 The parties agree that the component award for bruises and lacerations
should be $3,000 and I award this sum as agreed.

(6) Conclusion on Stage 1

99 In summary, the aggregate award using the component method is $226,000
broken down as follows:

Injuries| Award  
---|---  
TBI: Structural | $65,000  
TBI: Psychological | $20,000  
TBI: Cognitive| $100,000  
Facial Fractures | $0  
Lung Injuries | $5,000  
Lower Limb Injuries | $33,000  
Multiple Bruises and Lacerations | $3,000  
Total | $226,000  
  
Stage 2: The global award

100 I now turn to Stage 2 of the analysis to assess if the global award is
manifestly excessive or inadequate. There are two important considerations at
the second stage. The first is whether there are “overlapping” injuries -
injuries which either: (a) together result in pain that would not have been
differentially felt by the claimant; or (b) together give rise to only a
single disability. In such circumstances, compensating for each distinct
injury would likely result in an excessive award. The second consideration is
precedent, which should be referenced to assist in arriving at a fair estimate
of loss and to ensure that like cases are treated alike: Lua Bee Kiang at
[17]–[18].

(1) Overlapping

101 The defendant submits that a 25% discount should be applied. The only
reason given for this is that the Court of Appeal in Lua Bee Kiang had applied
this same discount. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCS paras 96 – 97.

There is no explanation for why such a significant discount should apply to
the particular facts of the present case and I therefore reject the
defendant’s submission.

102 The plaintiff submits that a discount of 16% for overlapping should apply
only to the plaintiff’s TBI, also without further analysis. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PCS paras 2.123 – 2.124 .

103 In the sections above, I have already accounted for the following forms of
overlapping in the parties’ submissions:

(a) The claimed award for facial fractures which is essentially a component of
the structural injuries in TBI (ie, skull fractures and skull-related
fractures): see above at [78].

(b) The fact that psychological injuries would include MDD, PDD as well as the
behavioural and personality changes due to TBI, the latter type being
separately accounted for under the award for cognitive impairments: see above
at [47].

104 As alluded to above at [47], there is a further form of overlapping. This
refers to the effect of the behavioural and personality changes on the
plaintiff vis-à-vis the effect of MDD and PDD. It will be obvious from the
sections above that they result in some common effects, namely, the
plaintiff’s emotional and violent outbursts.

105 Per Dr Fones’ report dated 10 February 2020 (see above at [48(a)]), these
separate injuries can interact with each other to compound the plaintiff’s
problems and disabilities. In his further report dated 26 October 2020
(approximately, a month before trial), he noted that 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PSBOD p 1527.

:

I have already clarified in earlier reports that any depressive features are
secondary to the primary problem of Major Neurocognitive Disorder. The
difference lies merely in whether there is comorbidity (the presence of
another concomitant disorder) or if the depressive features are a
manifestation of the Neurocognitive Disorder and personality changes. …

In other words, the MDD and PDD are separate from the behavioural disturbances
from the TBI (as well as the subsequent personality changes), but the latter
also has depressive features.

106 To account for the common effect in these three disorders, I find that a
further discount of $10,000 is warranted, thereby bringing the aggregate award
down to $216,000.

(2) Precedents

107 I turn now to consider some of the precedents.

108 In Lua Bee Kiang, the plaintiff suffered significant cognitive deficits
and acquired an amnestic disorder. He also experienced personality changes and
displayed behavioural problems. He made good recovery from his brain injury
and was able to live independently although this caused him significant
disadvantage in seeking employment – he was subsequently able to find and hold
down a job as a cleaner (at [27]). He suffered multiple facial fractures and
injuries and a blunt trauma injury to his right eye (at [33]). To compound
this, there were numerous other fractures across his body (at [45]). Although
the plaintiff there largely recovered from his injuries, he “continues to
suffer from pains in his leg and his back” (at [46]). Significantly, he was 64
years old at the time of the appeal and 58 years old at the time of the
accident. The Court of Appeal awarded him $70,000 for his brain injuries,
$40,000 for his skull fractures, and $126,000 for his bodily injuries under
the component approach. After accounting for overlapping, the total award for
pain, suffering and loss of amenity was reduced to $200,000 (at [37] and
[49]).

109 In Ramesh s/o Ayakanno (suing by the committee of the person and the
estate, Ramiah Naragatha Vally) v Chua Gim Hock [2008] SGHC 33 (“Ramesh”), the
claimant was 26 years old at the time of the accident. As a result of the
accident, he was declared mentally disabled. He was unable to move and talk,
and required life-long medication for epileptic seizures. The accident caused
injury to both sides of his brain and had to be treated with bilateral
craniectomies. In addition, his liver was damaged, his left iliac bone was
fractured, and he sustained disc protrusions at different levels of the dorsal
spine. His lower limb had also contracted and required tendo archilles
lengthening. For pain, suffering and loss of amenity arising from all of these
head and bodily injuries, the Assistant Registrar (“AR”) awarded $170,000 in
damages, and, on appeal to the High Court, Kan Ting Chiu J increased the award
to $185,000 (at [9]).

110 In Lee Wei Kong (by his litigation representative Lee Swee Chit) v Ng Siok
Tong [2012] 2 SLR 85 (“Lee Wei Kong”), the plaintiff was 18 years old at the
time of the accident and his remaining life expectancy was 53 years. Four
years after the accident, he had recovered exceptionally and had returned to
his studies. But his speech remained impaired with dysphasia and dysarthria,
he had acquired a left lateral squint, he had developed increased impulsivity
and gave into occasional temper outbursts, and he had lost some sphincteric
control resulting in urinary and bowel urgency. His injuries after the
accident included fractures of the cheekbone and the left temporal bone, a
large haematoma with severe mass effect which caused a midline shift of the
brain, and fracture of the sixth cervical vertebra. For pain and suffering
arising from all these head and bodily injuries, the AR awarded $285,000 in
damages, but this was reduced to $160,000 by the High Court. The latter figure
was affirmed by the Court of Appeal after it considered the relevant
precedents. Pertinently, the court said (at [16]) that “[t]here has not been
any case where, for pain and suffering, an award close to $285,000 had been
made”.

111 In Tan Juay Mui (by his next friend Chew Chwee Kim) v Sher Kuan Hock and
another (Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd, co-defendant; Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd
and another, third parties) [2012] 3 SLR 496 (“Tan Juay Mui”), the plaintiff
was 48 years old at the time of the accident. As a result of the accident, she
experienced post-traumatic personality changes and suffered from delusions.
Her memory and intellect also deteriorated: on an IQ test she scored
“Extremely Low” for non-verbal problem solving skills and verbal reasoning,
and “Low Average” to “Average” on the Working Memory Index. She lost the
ability to manage herself and her affairs. Physically, she sustained multiple
haemorrhagic contusions in her brain although there were no skull fractures.
But complications at surgery left her with impaired vision and paralysis of
her left side. She also developed diabetes, which was found to have been
caused or exacerbated by the accident and not to be too remote a head of loss.
Her left leg below her knee was also amputated to save her life. The AR
awarded her $230,000 for pain and suffering, comprising $170,000 for her head
injuries and $60,000 for her leg injury. This award was upheld on appeal by
Judith Prakash J (as she then was) in the High Court (at [36] and [52]–[54]).

112 In Sun Delong, the plaintiff suffered TBI as a result of his head
injuries. This caused occasional headaches, sleep difficulty,
giddiness/vertigo, some degree of poorer attention span and greater
irritability. There was no deterioration of the plaintiff’s cognitive ability,
nor any risk of epilepsy and he remained capable of running his own business.
He suffered a number of pelvic, lower limb and shoulder injuries including
multiple fractures. He made good recovery and was found to be relatively
asymptomatic and fit for normal work. He suffered multiple lacerations to his
spleen and also developed small bilateral lower lung contusions and minimal
pneumomediastinum. Choo Han Teck J awarded him a sum of $45,000 for his head
injuries, $12,000 for his pelvic/lower limb injuries, $1,500 for his shoulder
injury, $16,000 for his abdominal injuries, $5,000 for his lung injuries and
$6,000 for abrasions and scars (at [17], [19], [21] and [23]). Thus, for pain
and suffering, he received a total sum of $85,500. The plaintiff was 26 years
old at the time of the accident.

113 Finally, in AOD, a minor suing by the litigation representative v AOE
[2014] SGHCR 21, the plaintiff was nine years old at the time of the accident,
and had a remaining life expectancy of 27 years. The accident left him a
quadriplegic who required constant care. He had the motor skills of a six-
month-old and the sensory, thinking and language skills of a 12-month-old
baby. After the accident he had several haemorrhagic contusions with acute
subarachnoid haemorrhage with intraventricular involvements as well as
subdural bleeding. He also had cerebral edema, early hydrocephalus and
abrasions over the left forehead and temple. For his pain and suffering, the
AR awarded $190,000 in damages and this decision was not challenged on appeal:
see AOD (a minor suing by his litigation representative) v AOE [2016] 1 SLR
217 at [12]–[13] per George Wei J.

114 It will be apparent that none of the precedents is on all fours with the
present case. Ramesh, in particular, is somewhat dated and a significant
uplift would be necessary to account for the decreased value of money due to
inflation. In my view, the most relevant precedents are Tan Juay Mui
($230,000), Lua Bee Kiang ($200,000) and Lee Wei Kong ($160,000). In my
judgment, $216,000 is a reasonable sum in this case given that the plaintiff
is currently 30 years old and his injuries will plague him for far longer than
the plaintiff in Lua Bee Kiang. Furthermore, his injuries are far more serious
as he also suffers from MDD, PDD and cannot live independently. As for Lee Wei
Kong, a significant uplift to the award in that case must be given to account
for inflation. Further, it should be noted that the plaintiff in Lee Wei Kong
recovered exceptionally and was able to return to his studies. This does not
appear possible here despite the best efforts of the plaintiff (see above at
[6]). An award that is slightly lower than that granted in Tan Juay Mui is
warranted on the facts of the present case given that the plaintiff there
developed diabetes and had to amputate her left leg below the knee – a
permanent and irreversible disability. In my judgment, an award of $216,000
for pain and suffering is comfortably in line with the precedents, after
accounting for the heightened severity of the injuries suffered by the
plaintiff in Suit 253 as well as inflation.

Aggravated damages

115 While the plaintiff has included a claim for aggravated damages as part of
his damages claim for pain and suffering due to TBI, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCS para 2.99.

I consider it more appropriate to deal with this claim as a separate head of
damages, particularly since an award of aggravated damages is meant to augment
an award of compensatory damages (see [119] below).

116 It also bears mention at the outset that the question of whether
aggravated damages are recoverable in cases of negligence or in all cases
involving negligence is, at present, still an open one (see, for example,
Ramesh s/o Krishnan v AXA Life Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 197
(“Ramesh Krishnan”) at [125]–[134], AYW v AYX [2016] 1 SLR 1183 at [117] and
Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 14(4) (LexisNexis, 2021) at para 177.038).
Also, in Noor Azlin bte Abdul Rahman and another v Changi General Hospital Pte
Ltd and others [2021] SGHC 10 at [187], while Belinda Ang JAD noted that the
plaintiffs had argued before her that aggravated damages could be awarded in
negligence cases, the learned judge did not arrive at any determinative
conclusion on the question as a matter of law and instead, dismissed the claim
for aggravated damages on the basis that (a) it had not been pleaded and (b)
there was, in any event, no justification on the facts to augment the
compensatory damages awarded (at [192]–[193]).

117 In the case before me, Mr Wee for the defendant did not contend that
aggravated damages are not recoverable in principle. Indeed, both parties
advanced their respective submissions on the assumed basis that aggravated
damages are, in principle, claimable.

118 Not having received the benefit of considered argument from counsel on the
point, I am loathe to arrive at any determinative conclusion on this issue of
principle. In any case, I do not find it necessary to decide the point. This
is because even assuming that aggravated damages are recoverable in principle
in a claim for damages for personal injury such as the present one, there is,
in my view, no basis to award the plaintiff any such damages on the facts of
the present case.

119 Aggravated damages are meant to augment a sum awarded in general damages.
They cater for the enhanced hurt suffered by the plaintiff due to the
aggravation of the injury by the manner in which the defendant committed the
wrong or by his motive in so doing, either or both of which might have caused
further injury to the plaintiff’s dignity and pride: ACB v Thomson Medical Pte
Ltd and others [2017] 1 SLR 918 at [156] and Koh Sin Chong Freddie v Chan
Cheng Wah Bernard and others and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 629 at [75]. In
this regard, aggravated damages cannot be claimed unless: (a) general damages
are proved; and (b) the adequacy of the amount of damages calls for
augmentation of the general damages (Li Siu Lun v Looi Kok Poh and another
[2015] 4 SLR 667 (“Li Siu Lun”) at [156]). Additionally, exceptional or
contumelious conduct or motive in committing the wrongdoing is necessary (see
Ramesh Krishnan at [130] and Li Siu Lun at [149]).

120 In my view, the conduct of the defendant complained of is neither
“exceptional” nor “contumelious”. As the plaintiff recognises, it is not
uncommon for insurance companies to conduct surveillance on claimants who
claim to have suffered serious injuries as a result of negligence; 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS para 2.107.

the same applies also to the mock interview conducted with the plaintiff.
While some of the surveillance footage captured images of the plaintiff
topless at home, this would have been observable to any person standing
outside the plaintiff’s flat.

121 As for the steps taken by the defendant in HC/SUM 1090/2020 (“SUM 1090”)
for leave to call the plaintiff to give evidence, this is not, in itself
“contumelious conduct”. In fact, after hearing SUM 1090 and considering the
views of the plaintiff’s doctors, I was of the view that the application
should be allowed and I granted the application with conditions. While both Dr
Fones and Dr Chan stated that the giving of evidence will be emotionally
difficult and stressful for the plaintiff, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCS para 2.112 – 2.113.

Dr Fones made clear (in his specific responses to questions framed by the
court to him) that: 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PSBOD p 1522 [Dr Fones’ report dated 14 May 2020].

[the plaintiff’s] condition does not prevent him from understanding questions
put to him as a witness during a Court hearing, nor prevent him from giving
rational answers to questions put to him, his memory deficits still continue
to affect him. The accuracy of his recall and his tendency to lapse into
confabulation must be considered by the Court if he were to be put up as a
witness.

122 The risk of confabulation and/or the accuracy of the plaintiff’s ability
to recall events, is a matter going towards the weight to be accorded to his
evidence, and is well within the means of the court to assess. Furthermore,
given that the plaintiff was certified by Dr Fones to be fit to take the
stand, measures were pre-emptively taken to reduce the plaintiff’s emotional
stress as much as possible – namely, requiring the defendant’s counsel to
adhere to a pre-set list of examination questions which was made known to the
plaintiff’s counsel in advance and vetted by the court, and limiting this list
to a set of 10 questions. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Registrar’s Notice dated 5 Oct 2020 in respect of HC/SUM 1090/2020.

In any event, the defendant eventually chose not to call the plaintiff to the
stand.

123 More importantly, it would be apparent from the damages I have awarded for
pain and suffering at [114] above, the quantum of the general compensatory
damages awarded to the plaintiff is entirely in line with the 2010 Guidelines
and the precedents. As such, there is, in my judgment, no need for a further
award of aggravated damages to augment the sum awarded. I therefore decline to
grant aggravated damages to the plaintiff.

A note on the quantification of future losses

124 An award of damages for future losses arising from non-fatal personal
injuries is intended to place a lump sum of money in the plaintiff’s hands
which he can draw down upon at periodic intervals over the expected duration
of his loss, taking into account the vicissitudes of life and the time value
of money, such that the lump sum is reduced to zero at the end of that
duration: see Quek Yen Fei Kenneth (by his litigation representative Pang Choy
Chun) v Yeo Chye Huat and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 229 (“Kenneth Quek”) at
[43]–[44] and [58].

125 An award for loss of future income or future medical expenses is
traditionally calculated by way of the multiplier-multiplicand approach
(Kenneth Quek (at [42]):

… The multiplicand represents the quantum of loss, whether in terms of an
incurrence of medical expenses (for [future medical expenses]) or a reduction
of earnings (for [loss of future earnings]), that the claimant is expected to
suffer at periodic intervals in the future. The multiplier, in turn, is the
mathematical tool used to calculate the lump-sum present value of the stream
of future periodic losses across the remaining life expectancy and the
remaining working life … of the claimant. [emphasis in original omitted]

126 The difficulty in assessing future loss usually lies in the determination
of the multiplier which represents the number of periods which comprise the
total duration of a particular head of loss. For example, with regard to loss
of future earnings, the duration of a plaintiff’s loss will be the remainder
of his working life. For future medical treatment, the duration of a
plaintiff’s loss will be the period for which he is likely to require that
treatment. In the case of lifelong medical treatment, the duration of the
plaintiff’s loss will be the rest of his natural life: see Kenneth Quek at
[52] and Christian Pollmann v Ye Xian Rong [2021] SGHC 77 (“Christian
Pollmann”) at [10]–[11]. As a side note, I would mention that Christian
Pollmann was appealed to the Appellate Division of the High Court (“the
Appellate Division”) in AD/CA 56/2021 (“AD 56”). The appeal in AD 56 was heard
and dismissed by the Appellate Division on 5 November 2021, save for the trial
judge’s lumpsum award in respect of post-retirement income which the AD
increased from $100,000 to $200,000.

127 Three factual premises undergird the determination of the multiplier (see
Kenneth Quek at [43]):

(a) the length of the expected period of future loss, from the date of the
assessment of damages to the date of death (for a lifelong multiplier) or
retirement (for a future earnings multiplier);

(b) the receipt of compensation for the future losses by the claimant as an
immediate lump sum, which can almost invariably be invested at a rate over and
above inflation to make a profit, and the probability that mortality risks
(and other vicissitudes of life) would curtail the claimant’s expected period
of future loss;

(c) the continual drawing-down and spending of the invested lump sum, such
that by the end of the expected period of future loss the claimant will have
nothing left.

128 There are at least four methods for determining the multiplier (see
Kenneth Quek at [50] citing Poh Huat Heng Corp Pte Ltd v Hafizul Islam Kofil
Uddin [2012] 3 SLR 1003 (“Hafizul”) at [48]):

(a) The precedent approach determines the multiplier by analogy with past
precedents.

(b) The arithmetic approach determines the multiplier by the arithmetic
formula for determining the net present value of a stream of payments into the
future.

(c) The actuarial approach determines the multiplier by reference to actuarial
tables.

(d) The fixed-formula approach determines the multiplier by a formula fixed by
legislation.

129 In the absence of authoritative actuarial tables for Singaporean lives,
and in the absence of any formula fixed by legislation, the precedent approach
and the arithmetic approach are to be preferred in Singapore. These two
approaches are to be used independently, with the precedent approach used to
cross-check the result obtained by the arithmetic approach so as to ensure
consistency with past awards in like cases: Kenneth Quek at [54].

130 The precedent approach embeds the adjustment for both accelerated receipt
and the vicissitudes of life in the multipliers which the courts have selected
in past cases, albeit in a manner which has been until recently, unreasoned,
unarticulated, and ultimately unprincipled. The arithmetic approach uses a
formula which is a function of the discount rate for any given loss and
duration to calculate a multiplier. The multiplier calculated by this formula
adjusts only for the time value of money at the selected discount rate. A
multiplier derived by the arithmetic approach must therefore be adjusted
further to account for the vicissitudes of life: see Kenneth Quek at [58].

131 Authoritative actuarial tables set out multipliers which incorporate an
evidence-based adjustment for life expectancy at a range of discount rates.
One of the advantages of the actuarial approach is therefore that it allows a
multiplier which is adjusted both for the time value of money and for the
vicissitudes of life to be selected from a single source: Christian Pollmann
at [18].

The actuarial tables from the Personal Injury (Claims Assessment) Review
Committee

132 It will be clear from my recitation above of the law as it currently
stands that the multiplier (and the discount rate embedded within) plays a
preponderant role in the calculation of future losses which, in many personal
injury cases, form the bulk of an injured plaintiff’s claim. The multiplier
assumes an especial importance where these losses are expected to stretch many
years into the future.

133 In recent years, there has been an increasing recognition amongst
Singapore’s courts that the multipliers awarded in Singapore have been
undercompensating plaintiffs. Multipliers have traditionally been based on the
assumption that the lump-sum award could be invested to achieve real rates of
return of between 4% – 5% per annum, when the reality is that the prevailing
rates of return on fixed deposits are below 4% per annum and have been so
since 1998: see Lai Wai Keong Eugene v Loo Wei Yen [2014] 3 SLR 702 (“Eugene
Lai”) at [28] and [32], as endorsed in Kenneth Quek at [55] and [59].

134 Our courts have declined to make any general “radical and sweeping
revision of the discount rate embedded in the multipliers used under the
conventional approach”, on the basis that such a drastic and wide-ranging
change lies within the institutional competence of Parliament and is one which
“can only be undertaken after a careful study, with input from experts and the
various stakeholders”. However, it has not escaped our courts’ attention that
this state of the law was unsatisfactory and that there was scope for reform
(see Eugene Lai at [37]–[38] and Kenneth Quek at [55] and [59]). Subsequently,
the Committee to Review the Law on Damages for Personal Injury and Death
(“Personal Injury Damages Committee”) was convened to review the compensation
regime for victims of personal injury or dependents in the case of death, the
assessment of damages and to consider reforms in related areas.

135 The efforts of the Personal Injury Damages Committee (as well as that of
the later-established Personal Injury (Claims Assessment) Review Committee)
culminated in the publication of the Actuarial Tables with Explanatory Notes
for use in Personal Injury and Death Claims (Academy Publishing of the
Singapore Academy of Law, 2021) (“PIRC Tables”) in March 2021. The PIRC Tables
are actuarial tables that serve as a proxy for having to calculate direct
discount rates and multipliers. This is because experts have already
undertaken these calculations when creating the tables such that one can
simply select an appropriate pre-determined figure: see Kenneth Quek at [62].

136 The PIRC Tables are based on 2019 preliminary population data produced by
the Singapore Department of Statistics covering Singapore residents. Unlike
the conventional approach to determining the multiplier based on a single
discount rate which does not accurately reflect the fact that interest rates
vary depending on the terms of the investment, the PIRC Tables are based on a
“yield curve that represents expected investment returns for investments of
different periods of time.” Three significant considerations, among other
possible adjustment factors, are built into the PIRC Tables:

(a) An investment expense assumption built into the rates of return on the
yield curve. This in turn is based on three different investment instruments
considered in the yield curve portfolio: (i) risk-free assets or Singapore
Government Bond Securities, (ii) corporate bonds and; (iii) equities.

(b) A 2% rate of inflation.

(c) An built-in mortality improvement of 2.6% per annum for both genders.

137 The use of the PIRC Tables in all proceedings for the assessment of
damages in personal injury and death claims that are heard on or after 1 April
2021 was subsequently written into the Supreme Court Practice Directions at
para 159 and also the State Courts Practice Directions at para 145.

138 Both are worded in identical terms and I reproduce para 159 of the Supreme
Court Practice Directions as follows:

159\. Reference to Actuarial Tables for the Assessment of Damages in Personal
Injury and Death Claims

(1) In all proceedings for the assessment of damages in personal injury and
death claims that are heard on or after 1 April 2021, the Court will refer to
the ‘Actuarial Tables with Explanatory Notes for use in Personal Injury and
Death Claims’ published by the Academy Publishing of the Singapore Academy of
Law (the ‘Actuarial Tables’) to determine an appropriate multiplier, unless
the facts of the case and ends of justice dictate otherwise. This is so
regardless of when the accidents or incidents that gave rise to those claims
occurred, and regardless of the dates on which the actions were commenced.

(2) The Actuarial Tables will serve as a guide and the selection of the
appropriate multipliers and amount of damages awarded will ultimately remain
at the discretion of the Court. Where appropriate on the facts and
circumstances of the case, the Court may depart from the multipliers in the
Actuarial Tables.

139 It will be obvious from the discussion above (see especially at
[133]–[134]) that the PIRC Tables are a welcome contribution to this area of
the law, especially for a victim of a tort who is now more likely to be
entitled to a larger damages award for his or her future losses by the
application of these tables.

140 Unsurprisingly, while the plaintiff had originally relied on the evidence
of his expert Mr Iain Potter, a Chartered Accountant in MDD Forensic
Accountants, to quantify the extent of the plaintiff’s future losses and the
relevant multiplier, the plaintiff now relies primarily on the multipliers
derived from the PIRC Tables (see for example, the plaintiff’s closing
submissions at paras 3.32–3.39, 4.25–4.26 and 6.8, and reply submission at
paras 1.86–1.88).

141 In gist, Ms Viviene Kaur Sandhu, lead counsel for the plaintiff, submits
that the PIRC Tables are applicable to Suit 253 because “the case is still
being heard, in that, a decision for [Suit 253] has not been pronounced and as
we had specifically written in requesting for an extension of time to make
submissions on the [PIRC Tables].” Further, the PIRC Tables should be applied
to determine the appropriate multiplier as the “justice of the case demands in
this day and age and to prevent gross undercompensation to the [p]laintiff”.
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Plaintiff’s Further Submissions (“PFS”) dated 18 June 2021 at 10 – 11.

142 The defendant, equally unsurprisingly, objects vigorously to the same on
the basis that: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s Further Submissions (“DFS”) dated 12 July 2021 at paras 4 - 19.

(a) the PIRC Tables are only applicable to hearings after 1 April 2021 and the
evidential hearing for Suit 253 had concluded on 3 December 2020; (b) no
evidence had been led during the assessment of damages hearing in relation to
the PIRC Tables; and (c) the cross-examination conducted by Mr Wee would have
been very different if the defendant knew that the plaintiff would rely upon
the PIRC Tables during the assessment of damages hearing. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS paras 112 - 114.

To elaborate on the third point, according to the defendant, Mr Wee would have
led evidence:

(a) On the present mortality rate of Singapore residents given that the PIRC
Tables were based on preliminary population data from two years ago which
would certainly be open to challenge in the light of the COVID-19 pandemic and
its uncertain after-effects.

(b) To test the calculation of the yield curve and whether it is more
representative of how money in the real world would be invested than a single
discount rate.

(c) On other adjustment factors inbuilt in the PIRC Tables such as gender, age
band, education level, level of disability and employment status at the time
of the accident.

In the defendant’s view, any reliance upon the PIRC Tables would occasion
prejudice to the defendant which cannot be remedied simply by the exchange of
further submissions and an award of costs. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

DFS at para 20.

The PIRC Tables cannot be completely relied upon as a matter of fairness to
the defendant

143 After considering the parties’ arguments in their closing and reply
submissions for Suit 253, as well as their further submissions, I have come to
the conclusion that the PIRC Tables are not applicable in this case and in any
event, cannot be completely relied upon as a matter of fairness to the
defendant.

144 First, para 159 of the Supreme Court Practice Directions makes it clear
that the PIRC Tables are only to apply to proceedings heard on or after 1
April 2021. Here, the evidentiary hearing before me for the assessment of
damages in Suit 253 commenced on 10 November 2020 and concluded on 3 December
2020. The parties were originally due to file their closing submissions on 28
January 2021 and reply submissions by 11 February 2021; 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE 3 December 2020 73:9 and 75:1.

these deadlines were subsequently shifted to 8 April 2021 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Letter from Court dated 6 April 2021.

and 23 April 2021 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Letter from Plaintiff’s Counsel to Court dated 18 June 2021 at para 4.

respectively after repeated requests for extensions of time by the parties. I
do not think that the words “proceedings … heard on or after 1 April 2021”
includes (or was intended to include) a situation where parties are no longer
able to adduce any further evidence or file submissions without leave of
court, after the close of trial.

145 Second, and more importantly, I am of the view that it would occasion
irremediable prejudice to the defendant were the court to rely directly and
solely upon the PIRC Tables in determining the appropriate multiplier for the
plaintiff’s future losses. The first time in which the PIRC Tables were even
mentioned in Suit 253 was on 19 March 2021, approximately three and a half
months after the close of the evidentiary hearing, in a letter to the court
from the plaintiff’s counsel requesting an extension of time to file their
closing submissions in the light of the recent publication of the PIRC Tables.
Any finding that the PIRC Tables are applicable to Suit 253 would occasion two
inter-related and irremediable forms of prejudice to the defendant.

146 Firstly, the proposed quantum for the plaintiff’s claim would have
increased significantly from the start of trial in November 2020 to the time
closing submissions were filed in April 2021, with no advance notice
whatsoever to the defendant. To illustrate this point, one need only consider
that the multiplier for the plaintiff’s loss of future earnings and CPF in his
opening submissions is 20 years. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Submissions at p 10. Scott Schedule at S/No 6.

This figure became 25.43 years based on Mr Potter’s calculations 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

PBOD Vol 1 343 (Mr Potter’s Report at para 4.13).

and was subsequently increased again to 25.60 years based on the PIRC Tables
(on the assumption that the plaintiff did not obtain a degree and so would
start working from the age of 26) 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

PCS para 3.35.

. This being the case, the defendant was deprived of the opportunity to
understand and respond to the constantly shifting case that was being mounted
against it, until 19 March 2021 – approximately three and a half months after
the close of trial and two months after the original deadline for the filing
of closing submissions.

147 Secondly, while I recognise the plaintiff’s point that the PIRC Tables are
to be used “as is”, the plaintiff acknowledges that they are to be applied
“unless there are specific circumstances in a case which would warrant a
departure from the [PIRC Tables]”. Paragraph 159(2) of the Supreme Court
Practice Directions makes this clear because it states that “[w]here
appropriate on the facts and circumstances of the case, the Court may depart
from the multipliers in the [PIRC Tables]” [emphasis added]. Taking the
plaintiff’s argument at its highest and assuming that the PIRC Tables are
applicable, the fact that the PIRC Tables were only mentioned at such a late
stage meant that the defendant was deprived of the opportunity to adduce
evidence, conduct cross-examination and/or seek discovery of further documents
to show that there may be specific circumstances unique to Suit 253 which
would warrant a departure from the multipliers in the PIRC Tables; a departure
would not necessarily be limited to applying a higher multiplier but would
conceivably (and more commonly) also mean applying a lower multiplier than
that indicated in the relevant PIRC table. One example of such evidence would
be in relation to whether there was any heightened risk of mortality to the
plaintiff due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This being the case, the prejudice to
the defendant in the event that the PIRC Tables are applied in Suit 253
cannot, in my judgment, be remedied by costs.

148 I am cognisant of the fact that the PIRC Tables were only published in
March 2021 such that the plaintiff could not possibly have given advance
notice to the defendant of his reliance on them in the closing submissions.
However, the proper course of action to take, if at all, in such a situation
would be to seek leave from the court to reopen the evidentiary proceedings so
as to introduce the point (and the revised formulation of damages) formally
and properly, and not to simply raise the PIRC Tables in closing submissions.
This is especially since the multipliers derived from the PIRC Tables will
almost invariably result in a significant enhancement to the quantum of future
losses claimable by a victim who has suffered personal injuries as a result of
a tort. I will return to this point later when I juxtapose the quantum of
damages claimable under the traditional precedent and arithmetic approaches
(ie, incorporating a 4% – 5% discount rate) with that under the PIRC Tables
when determining the appropriate multiplier for each head of future loss.

149 For completeness, I would add that in dismissing the appeal against
Christian Pollmann in AD 56, the Editorial Note appended to Christian Pollmann
states that the Appellate Division held, inter alia, that:

… the Actuarial Tables with Explanatory Notes published by the Academy
Publishing, Singapore Academy of Law [ie, the PIRC Tables] did not apply and
should not be used in [AD 56]. This was because the hearing of this matter at
first instance commenced on 14 January 2020, before the implementation date of
1 April 2021 as set out in para 159 of the Supreme Court Practice Directions.

The parties in Suit 253 did not have the benefit of this guidance from the
Appellate Division when they tendered their written submissions for Suit 253.
I myself have not relied upon it in arriving at my conclusion (at [143] above)
that the PIRC Tables are not applicable to Suit 253 and cannot be completely
relied upon as a matter of fairness to the defendant. I shall say no more on
this issue, save to observe that the conclusion I have reached is entirely in
line with the decision of the Appellate Division in AD 56.

Loss of income (working life)

150 The plaintiff mounts his claim on the basis that he will no longer be able
to do any real work, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

PCS para 3.12.

and that but for the accident, he would have completed his Computer
Engineering course at Singapore Polytechnic and received a Diploma in Computer
Engineering. He would then have gone on to university and subsequently sought
employment as an engineer. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS para 3.7.

151 The plaintiff claims a sum of $2,265,864.11 for loss of future income
(inclusive of CPF). He is not claiming for any pre-trial loss of income as his
primary case is that he would have pursued a degree and only joined the
workforce in 2021. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PCS paras 3.37 and 3.40.

(a) The multiplicand of $90,707.13 is derived from the calculations of Mr
Potter, as stated in his report dated 3 February 2020 (“Mr Potter’s Report”)
and the addendum to the report dated 9 February 2021 (“Mr Potter’s Addendum”).
117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS paras 3.18 and 3.28.

Specifically, it is the average salary of a chemical engineer and an
electronics engineer up till the age of 70 after accounting for income tax as
well as the differential employer CPF contribution rates across the years .

(b) The multiplier of 24.98 is derived from the PIRC Tables 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS para 3.38.

– ie, 29 years old at the start of payments due to the time needed to complete
university education, up till the end of payments at the age of 70.

152 In the alternative, assuming that this court makes a finding that the
plaintiff would not have obtained a degree, the plaintiff claims a sum of
$1,578,646.53. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS para 3.39.

(a) The multiplicand of $61,665.88 is derived from Mr Potter’s calculations of
the average annual salaries of a computer technician and chemical engineering
technician up till the age of 70.

(b) The multiplier of 25.60 is derived from the PIRC Tables 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS paras 3.33 - 3.35

– ie, the plaintiff’s entry into the workforce at 26 years old, up till the
end of payments at the age of 70.

153 In the alternative, the plaintiff submits that if the court is not minded
to rely upon the PIRC Tables to determine the appropriate multiplier,
reference should be made to Mr Potter’s calculation of the multiplier based on
the Personal Injury Tables Singapore 2015 and a real rate of return (ie,
discount rate) of 2%. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PFS at para 13.

154 The defendant argues that a more reasonable sum is $464,820. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS para 138(b).

It begins by stating that the plaintiff is capable of doing “light jobs” from
16 January 2019 such that the multiplicand should be his annual income but for
the accident, after subtracting the annual income for “light jobs”. It also
takes the view that the remaining span of the plaintiff’s working life is 32
years (ie, based on a retirement age of 62). 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS para 109.

(a) The multiplier of 16 years is derived by having regard to various
precedents. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DCS para 109.

(b) The multiplicand is derived from the average pay as a computer engineer
for a polytechnic diploma holder (ie, $2,435 per month) after subtracting the
average pay for a cleaner at a food and beverage establishment (ie, $1,200 per
month). 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DCS paras 128, 133 and 135.

(c) The defendant projects that the plaintiff would have been promoted every
five years from June 2018 until he reaches a “glass ceiling” of $4,500. As
such, each period of five years would have its own multiplier and
multiplicand. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS para 137.

155 The defendant concedes that the plaintiff should be entitled to pre-trial
loss of income because its case is that the plaintiff would have joined the
workforce directly after obtaining his Diploma in Computer Engineering.

Multiplicand for loss of income

156 Two issues must be determined to ascertain the loss of income
multiplicand. First, whether the plaintiff has any capacity to work in the
future. Second, what the plaintiff’s yearly income would be, but for the
accident. I deal with each in turn.

(1) The plaintiff’s present ability to obtain future employment.

157 The defendant argues that the plaintiff is able to engage in “simple jobs”
or “light jobs” despite his injuries. It derives support for this from:

(a) Dr Chan’s report dated 25 September 2020 which states her opinion that the
plaintiff has a lowered vocational potential and that: 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PSBOD p 1525.

It is likely that [the plaintiff] will only be able to perform simple jobs
that involve repetitive routines and do not involve higher-order thinking or
problem-solving skills, and do not involve much interpersonal communication or
social interaction. An example of this would be that of a sheltered workshop.
[emphasis added]

(b) The OzWorks Report dated 1 February 2019 which states that: 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 305.

Taking into account his abilities and issues, [the plaintiff] has the
capability to engage in light jobs that are simple and repetitive, highly
structured, does not require independent decision-making, have low speed
demands and are not client facing. However, it is unlikely that he would be
able to apply for a job, go through the interview process, obtain and retain a
job independently on the open market. He would require the assistance of a job
placement agency that specializes in job coordination and training for persons
with disabilities. [emphasis added]

158 In opposition, the plaintiff relies upon the following medical opinions to
show that he will face grave difficulties in finding and remaining gainfully
employed.

(a) Dr Collinson’s report dated 3 November 2018 which stated that in terms of
prognosis, individuals with severe TBI are known to have high unemployment as
well as significant activity limitations, restrictions to participation and
social isolation. The plaintiff “is not capable of managing a full time job,
although he might be able to engage in some limited activities such [as] part
time pamphlet distribution or similar work that does not require memory,
planning, judgement of [sic] social skill” [emphasis added]. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 275.

(b) Dr Chua’s report dated 3 March 2020 that: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 428.

In terms of readiness or fitness to return to work for gainful employment in a
non-supported environment locally this would be daunting in view of his
profound and extensive memory and executive impairments, lack of insight, poor
social communication, post-TBI anger and irritability. Considering his lack of
work history and transferable skills, he would face employment restrictions
and be disadvantaged in the current labour market. As such it is advisable for
him to postpone work pursuits presently and he could, in future, benefit from
work retraining focusing on specific skills, assistance with job seeking, job
placement and on-job support in a vocational agency for disabled individuals
in order to aid in sustainability. This can be considered after his
psychiatric and behavioural issues are under control. [emphasis added]

(c) The report above was based on Dr Chua’s assessment of the plaintiff on 3
January 2020, and also noted that the plaintiff has “a low threshold for noisy
or crowded environments”. Subsequent to this, the plaintiff was assessed by
TTSH’s occupational therapists in March 2020 and their finding (as stated in
Dr Chua’s clarification letter dated 30 March 2020) was that he would “face
immense difficulty with employment”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

PSBOD p 1513.

(d) Dr Fones’ report dated 10 February 2020 stated that the plaintiff is
“unable to hold down a job due to his range of cognitive deficits and
behavioural difficulties”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 431.

159 Having considered the evidence given by the experts, both written and
oral, I come to the conclusion that, on the balance of probabilities, it is
more likely that the plaintiff will not be able to find gainful full-time
employment in the future.

160 As a starting point, I do not place much weight on Dr Chan’s report on the
issue of the plaintiff’s ability to work because her speciality is in
psychiatry and her engagement with the plaintiff across the years was focussed
on assessing his mental capacity and TBI. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 211 [Dr Chan’s first report to assess the plaintiff’s mental
capacity dated 2 Dec 2015]; p 230 [Dr Chan’s second report to reassess the
plaintiff’s mental capacity dated 8 July 2016].

In contrast, Dr Chua is the plaintiff’s rehabilitation doctor and had the aid
of TTSH’s occupational therapists in arriving at her opinion that the
plaintiff would face immense difficulties in finding a job. As for the OzWorks
Report, this makes it clear that the plaintiff would not be able to
independently obtain a job on his own and would have to be aided specifically
by organisations specialising in finding jobs for persons with disabilities.
Further, while the defendant postulates that the plaintiff will be able to do
“light jobs” after being aided by such charitable organisations, the OzWorks
Report places a large heaping of qualifiers and caveats on the type of job
that the plaintiff could conceivably do. Specifically, one which is simple and
repetitive, highly structured, does not require independent decision-making,
has low speed demands and is not client-facing. It is difficult to imagine a
job which would be able to fulfil all these multifarious requirements. I also
note that the OzWorks Report does not provide any examples of the same. Even
the example of a cleaner at a food and beverage establishment postulated by
the defendant would not fit the bill – it would quite conceivably require
independent decision-making, speed demands are unlikely to be low (for
example, in a food court or hawker centre especially during peak hours) and it
would be “client-facing” because of the interactions with members of the
public who patronise such establishments. Further, it could also conceivably
require the plaintiff to work in environments that are noisy or crowded, or
both, despite his low threshold for tolerating such environments.

161 It should be noted that none of the experts relied upon by the plaintiff
goes so far as to say that the plaintiff will never be able to earn any money
in the future. Rather, the focus of their evidence is on whether he will be
able to work independently and remain gainfully employed. Bearing in mind the
severe impairment to almost all of the plaintiff’s cognitive domains including
his low IQ and severe amnestic disorder, it is, in my judgment, reasonably
clear that the plaintiff cannot do any real work apart from the simplest of
tasks. Nor was there any medical evidence led by the defendant to support its
assertion that the plaintiff can effectively undertake the “light job” of a
cleaner in a food and beverage establishment.

162 This case appears to me to involve a situation not unlike that envisaged
by the Court of Appeal in Lee Wei Kong (at [27]) where a plaintiff’s ability
to work has “effectively been destroyed” [emphasis added]. Common sense would
lead to the conclusion that in the case before me, it will only be a “very
exceptional employer”, prompted perhaps by compassion (such as a charitable
organisation or the plaintiff’s friends or family), who will employ the
plaintiff to do the simplest of tasks. In the circumstances and based on the
evidence before me, I find it intuitively unfair to make any deductions to the
plaintiff’s award for loss of future income premised on the unascertained,
hopeful future compassion of others, and I decline to do so.

163 In my judgment, the plaintiff cannot realistically obtain or retain any
employment and I therefore will not make any deduction on account of the
plaintiff undertaking “light jobs”. My later analysis thus proceeds on the
basis that the plaintiff ought to be compensated for the effective loss of his
entire capacity to work.

164 For completeness, I should also mention that income tax is ordinarily
deducted from the multiplicand on the basis that the purpose of tortious
damages is to place the plaintiff back in the position he would have been but
for the accident (see Teo Sing Keng and another v Sim Ban Kiat [1994] 1 SLR(R)
340 at [34] and more recently, Foo Chee Boon Edward v Seto Wei Meng [2021]
SGCA 92 (“Foo Chee Boon”) at [57]). This has been deducted by the plaintiff
even though the defendant has not asked for it. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

PCS para 3.24.

(2) The plaintiff’s projected yearly income but for the accident

165 The plaintiff’s education and vocational background is laid out at
[6]–[10]. I am of the view that the plaintiff would, more likely than not,
have completed his Computer Engineering course in Singapore Polytechnic and
the defendant is also prepared to accept this. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS para 128(a) - (b).

However, it would, on the available evidence, be a stretch to say that he
would have also gone on to university, undertaken a course of study, and
completed it to successfully obtain a degree that would enable him to work as
a chemical, electrical or electronics engineer (ie, the roles put forth by the
plaintiff and Mr Potter). 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

PCS para 3.26.

The only evidence that the plaintiff has marshalled in support of his claim to
a university education is as follows:

(a) Ms Ashikin’s testimony that the plaintiff had aspirations to be a chemical
engineer, computer engineer or an employee of Pfizer Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

PCS para 3.6.

(b) The fact that Ms Ashikin had also graduated from university, albeit in a
different field of study, ie, psychology and sociology.

(c) The testimonial from his lecturer Mr Siew dated 17 April 2012 that the
plaintiff is likely to succeed in whatever career he chooses.

(d) His good work performance at Pfizer Asia Pacific, Singapore Press
Holdings, Hyper Communications and during National Service.

(e) His academic performance prior to the accident.

166 In my judgment, none of these pieces of evidence shows that the plaintiff
would have gone on to apply for and successfully obtain a degree, much less
points to a specific degree in a branch of engineering. Ms Ashikin agreed on
the stand that there is no evidence to show that the plaintiff will make it to
university. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE 10 Nov 2020 104:29 – 30.

Mr Potter also conceded that his report did not have any statistics showing:
139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE 1 Dec 2020 19:8 – 32.

(a) The chances of an individual graduating with a degree in computer
engineering after successful entry into the course.

(b) The chances of a graduate from Singapore Polytechnic completing a degree
course in any university.

167 The plaintiff’s projected yearly income must therefore be assessed on the
basis that but for the accident, he would have gone on to obtain his Diploma
in Computer Engineering and to work in the computer engineering industry – a
position that the defendant also accepts. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

DCS para 128(c).

For the purposes of the analysis below, I reject all of the plaintiff’s
analyses that are premised on the plaintiff obtaining a university degree.

168 There are both evidential and logical difficulties with the approaches of
both parties in calculating the multiplicand for the future loss of income.

169 The defendant uses $2,435 as the median starting salary of a computer
engineering polytechnic graduate (as stated in the Ministry of Manpower
Yearbook of Manpower Statistics 2019 annexed to Mr Potter’s Report) 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

BAEIC Vol 5 p 1810.

to derive a base annual salary of $29,220. It then claims that it is
“reasonable to assume” that the plaintiff would have been promoted every five
years from July 2018 and received an increment every five years until he
reaches a “glass ceiling” of $4,500. This glass ceiling argument is made on
the basis that a fresh entry university graduate in computer engineering would
earn a median starting salary of $4,000 and if a polytechnic graduate’s salary
were to exceed this significantly, it would make more sense for the employer
to hire a fresh university graduate instead. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DCS para 137.

There are glaring difficulties with this argument. I list but two.

(a) First, this assumption is on flimsy ground because the defendant has
produced no evidence of any such alleged glass ceiling, nor provided any
evidence or reason for its assumption that the promotions/increments would
occur only every five years.

(b) Second and more importantly, it is illogical to contend that an employer
would always prefer a fresh graduate with no experience or any track record of
service over an experienced diploma holder who has proven both his or her
loyalty and worth to the company through years of service, simply because it
may be cheaper to hire a fresh graduate. The comparison drawn by the defendant
is inapposite.

170 The plaintiff’s approach 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PCS para 3.18 – 3.40.

is also problematic, but for different reasons. While Mr Potter’s figures and
calculations appear to me to be sensible, the plaintiff’s application of the
same causes difficulties.

171 Mr Potter eschewed the use of the $2,435 median figure above on the basis
that: 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PCS para 3.20.

if this figure were to be used for a loss calculation then it would
significantly understate [the plaintiff’s] loss, since it would not take
account of the promotions and non-inflationary wage increases that [the
plaintiff] would almost certainly have achieved over the course of his working
life.

Mr Potter postulates that the plaintiff could have taken on the following jobs
with the following average salaries (per data from the Ministry of Manpower
(“MOM”)) as tabulated below.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

172 Mr Potter used the “Median” monthly salary “[i]n the absence of any
evidence to suggest that [the plaintiff] would have achieved earnings above or
below the median for the occupations which appear to fit most closely with his
qualifications and career aspirations”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 338 [Mr Potter’s Report at para 3.13].

As the above figures from MOM did not factor in deductions for income tax, and
additions for bonuses, wage increments and employer CPF contributions across
the years, these were factored into the calculations within Mr Potter’s
Report. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 338 – 339 [Mr Potter’s Report at paras 3.14 – 3.17].

On the stand, however, Mr Potter conceded that he had failed to account for
the fact that the rate of employer CPF contribution differs between the ages
of “Up to 55”, “56 – 60”, “61 – 65” and “66 – 70”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE 1 Dec 2020 59:23 – 28, 60:18 – 32.

As such, Mr Potter prepared an addendum which included different multiplicands
for each age range, which I reproduce below.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

173 The plaintiff leverages on these calculations to derive a single
multiplicand of $61,665.88 (in the case where no university degree is
obtained). This figure was arrived at using the following calculation: 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

PCS para 3.27.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

174 There are two glaring problems with the plaintiff’s methodology:

(a) First, the plaintiff was enrolled in a polytechnic course for computer
engineering. While he had completed the Chemical Process Technology
(Pharmaceuticals) course in ITE, and the Electronics Engineering course in
Higher NITEC, these were respectively six and three years prior to the
accident. I do not think any link can reasonably be drawn that the plaintiff
would have gone on to work as a chemical engineering technician. This is
especially since the median annual pay for chemical engineering technicians
routinely exceeds that of computer technicians by a considerable margin. The
plaintiff has not adduced any evidence to suggest that both professions are so
similar with interchangeable skillsets that individuals who complete diploma
courses in computer engineering are able or likely to embark on either career
path.

(b) Second, the plaintiff’s methodology of taking the average of the median
annual pay for computer technicians/chemical engineers across the periods of
“Up to 55”, “56 – 60”, “61 – 65” and “66 – 70” to derive a single multiplicand
is overly simplistic. The different time periods consist of different numbers
of years. For example, the “Up to 55” band consists of 28.5 years given Mr
Potter’s assumption that the plaintiff “would have commenced work shortly
[after graduating from his Computer Engineering course at Singapore
Polytechnic in March 2018], on 1 May 2018” (ie, at approximately 26.5 years
old). 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 336 (Mr Potter’s Report at paras 3.4 – 3.5).

In contrast, the other time bands consist of only four or five years each. The
average, if any, should be a weighted average and not a simple average of the
four figures.

175 Having perused the differing methods proposed by both sides, I consider Mr
Potter’s methodology to be fairer and sounder given that it derives from MOM
data and factors in income tax, CPF contribution rates across different years,
as well as bonuses and wage increments. I note also that the defendant is not
disputing that the plaintiff would have been promoted and would have received
wage increments (albeit only every five years, and only until the plaintiff
reaches a “glass ceiling”). I therefore adopt Mr Potter’s methodology as a
starting base.

176 It has not escaped my attention that Mr Potter’s Addendum was only
produced after trial. However, I do not think this is material given that the
only alteration in Mr Potter’s figures is to account for differing employer
CPF rates in the different age bands – this corrects a flaw in Mr Potter’s
earlier methodology which was pointed out by Mr Wee during cross-examination
and which Mr Potter accepted as requiring an adjustment. Furthermore, this
revised calculation results in a reduction of Mr Potter’s calculated figures
by 1% – 2%, which is to the defendant’s benefit. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Mr Potter’s Addendum at para 1.13.

I therefore adopt it but with some further tweaks to determine the
multiplicand.

177 I have also considered that Mr Potter’s methodology uses the industry
average pay but also factors in wage increments over the years. This, in my
view, does not constitute double-counting (nor does the defendant make any
submission to this effect) because Mr Potter’s multiplicand does not actually
factor in promotions and the yearly bonuses that will likely accompany them.
These are distinct from one’s monthly salary or general wage increments. The
court adjudicates on the basis of the arguments advanced by the parties, and
in the absence of a more concrete and feasible methodology proposed by the
defendant, I am of the view that the wage increments serve as a close enough
proxy to account for promotions across the years and bonuses.

178 The plaintiff’s projected annual income should be based on the median
salary of a computer technician. After adjusting for income tax, differential
CPF contribution rates, bonuses and wage increments, there are four
multiplicands to be used here as derived from Mr Potter’s calculations: 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Mr Potter’s Addendum at para 1.8.

Ages | Multiplicands   
---|---  
26 to 55 | $ 51,092.00   
56 to 60| $ 49,334.00  
61 to 65| $ 47,575.00  
66 to 70 | $ 46,916.00   
  
Periods of loss

179 I first determine the number of years of loss. The plaintiff was born on 6
September 1991. He was 23 years old at the time of the accident. His three-
year Computer Engineering course at Singapore Polytechnic was due to commence
in April 2015 and but for the accident, he would have expected to graduate and
obtain his Diploma in Computer Engineering sometime in March or April 2018 at
the age of approximately 26 years old.

180 In accordance with s 4 of the Retirement and Re-employment Act (Cap 274A,
2012 Rev Ed) (“RRA”), the minimum statutory age of retirement is currently 62
years old. Sections 7 and 7A of the RRA require an employer to offer re-
employment to an employee who reaches 62 years of age until the employee turns
67 years old. The plaintiff argues that given the Prime Minister’s
announcement during his National Day Rally speech in 2019 that the retirement
and re-employment ages would be raised to 65 and 70 years of age respectively
by 2030, it is reasonable to assume that the plaintiff would be employed till
the age of 70. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PCS para 3.34; PBOD Vol 1 405 (Mr Potter’s Report at Appendix 13 p 10).

I agree that this is a reasonable assumption to make given that in today’s
context, there is a growing incidence of people continuing to work after their
official retirement age. This is also a trend that is being encouraged by the
Government on account of Singapore’s ageing population.

181 For completeness, I have also taken note of similar statements made
recently in Parliament in November this year, when the RRA was amended,
reiterating the Prime Minister’s statement that the retirement and re-
employment ages for Singapore workers would be raised progressively to 65 and
70 years, respectively. These statements lend further support to my view above
at [180].

182 The relevant dates for the calculation of pre-trial and future loss of
income are thus as follows:

Event | Date | Age   
---|---|---  
Birth| 6 September 1991| 0 years  
Accident | 3 April 2015| 23 years and 6 months  
Graduation with Diploma in Computer Engineering| April 2018 | 26 years and 6 to 7 months   
Entry into workforce | 6 May 2018| 26 years and 8 months  
Trial | 6 May 2021 | 29 years and 8 months  
Retirement | 6 September 2061| 70 years   
  
183 I have provisionally fixed the date of trial as 6 May 2021 solely for ease
of calculation – this date being eight months after the plaintiff’s 29th
birthday, itself being a date which is linked to retirement age (see table
above at [182]). I stress that my choice of this date as the date of trial
should not be seen as an acknowledgment that the hearing had effectively
continued past 1 April 2021 such that the PIRC Tables are applicable to
determine the plaintiff’s claim. I have fixed the date of the plaintiff’s
entry into the workforce as 6 May 2018 because it is, in my view, reasonable
to assume that the plaintiff would start work soon after graduating from the
polytechnic in March or April 2018.

Pre-trial loss of income

184 Pre-trial loss of income spans a period of exactly three years (ie, from 6
May 2018 to 6 May 2021). To recap, the plaintiff has not asked for any pre-
trial loss of income because his case is that he would have only begun working
in 2021 (ie, after obtaining a university degree) such that there would be no
pre-trial loss of income.

185 Pursuant to the multiplicand for the age band up to 55, the plaintiff
should receive $153,276 (ie, $51,092 x 3 years).

Multiplicand for future loss of income

186 Future loss of income is calculated from 7 May 2021 when the plaintiff is
29 years and 8 months old, to 6 September 2061 when the plaintiff turns 70.
This translates to 40 years and 4 months’ worth of future losses, as
illustrated in the table below.

Ages | Multiplicands | Number of years   
---|---|---  
29 years and 8 month to 55 years| $ 51,092.00| 26 years and 4 months  
56 years to 60 years| $ 49,334.00| 5 years  
61 years to 65 years| $ 47,575.00| 5 years  
66 years to 70 years| $ 46,916.00| 4 years  
  
For clarity, there is only a four year period between the ages of 66 to 70
because the plaintiff is deemed to stop working on the day he turns 70. Unlike
years where the plaintiff turns 55, 60 and 65, the plaintiff does not continue
to work for the full year after he turns 70.

187 The weighted average for the overall multiplicand is arrived at as
follows: ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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).

Multiplier for future loss of income

188 In the sections below, I will consider three methods for determining a
suitable multiplier. These are the precedent and arithmetic approaches as
juxtaposed with the actuarial approach (ie, referencing the PIRC Tables purely
for comparison purposes).

189 For the avoidance of doubt, I do not adopt Mr Potter’s calculations of the
multiplier and his proposed multiplier. First, as the defendant rightly
pointed out, Mr Potter had admitted on the stand that part of his calculations
were based off the United Kingdom’s Ogden Tables (“Ogden Tables”) which are
not applicable in Singapore. Further, the particular version that he had
relied upon is the 2011 version which is now approximately ten years out of
date. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

DCS para 111c.

190 Second, Mr Potter’s calculations also relied heavily upon the actuarial
tables found in WS Chan, FWH Chan and JSH Li, Personal Injuries Tables
Singapore 2015 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2014) (“2015 Tables”). 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PBOD Vol 1 pp 341 and 354 - 359 (Mr Potter’s Report at para 4.1 and Appendix
3); NE 1 Dec 2021 20:1 – 26.

The 2015 Tables have not attained the status of authoritativeness (see
Christian Pollmann at [31] citing Kenneth Quek at [51] and [80]), and are
based on dated life expectancy data. The 2015 Tables were published in
November 2014 and were based on demographic data from 2012 (see Christian
Pollmann at [23]). Much like the Ogden Tables, close to ten years have passed
since then and it would not, in my view, be safe to place complete or even
considerable reliance upon the 2015 Tables.

191 Crucially, Mr Potter uses the 2015 Tables and the Ogden Tables to provide
alternative multiplier calculations based on a 2% discount rate and a 4.5%
discount rate. While the 4.5% discount rate can be accepted on the basis of
precedent, a 2% discount rate is, in my view, straying too far and would
represent a radical and sweeping departure from the traditional discount rate
range of 4% – 5% under the conventional approach, a departure which our apex
court has repeatedly cautioned against (see Eugene Lai at [37]–[38] and
Kenneth Quek at [59]). Furthermore, little analysis has been provided for this
specific figure, whether in terms of macroeconomics or otherwise, apart from
the contention that this is “more representative of the real returns
potentially available to [the plaintiff] through investing any damages awarded
in CPF accounts or investments generating similar returns”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 341 – 342 (Mr Potter’s Report at para 4.6).

This statement, on its own, is entirely insufficient.

(1) PIRC Tables

192 The total multiplier, based on the PIRC Tables, is 25.08 years for a
period of 40 years and 4 months. When applied to the four multiplicands, this
gives a total award of $1,267,293.40.

Start of period| End of period| Age| Multiplicands| Comments on calculation of
multiplier| Multiplier (in years)| Award  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
6-May-21| 6-Sep-21| 29 and 8 months to 30| $51,092.00| Divide by 3 for 4 month
period, no discount given the proximity of time| 1/3| $17,030.66  
6-Sep-21| 6-Sep-46| 30 to 55| $51,092.00| Table 1 - 6| 19.86| $1,014,687.12  
6-Sep-46| 6-Sep-51| 56 to 60| $49,334.00| Table 1 - 6 (21.97-19.86) | 2.11| $104,094.74  
6-Sep-52| 6-Sep-56| 61 to 65| $47,575.00| Table 1 - 7 (23.57 - 21.97)| 1.6|
$76,120.00  
6-Sep-57| 6-Sep-61| 66 to 70| $46,916.00| Table 1 - 7 (24.75 - 23.57)| 1.18|
$55,360.88  
Total| 25.08| $1,267,293.40  
  
(2) Precedent approach

193 In Kenneth Quek, the Court of Appeal stated that the discount rates that
are embedded or implicit in the precedent cases provide for more meaningful
and accurate evaluations of different cases as opposed to the discount amounts
(at [97]).

194 In line with the Court of Appeal’s approach and adopting three of the
precedents used in Kenneth Quek, I set out a table of the most relevant
precedents and the annualised discount rates implicit therein (net of
contingencies).

S/N| Case name| Remaining working life (in years)| Multiplier for loss of income (in years)| Discount rates | Reference  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| Lee Wei Kong| 43 | 20 | 4.27%| Kenneth Quek at [98]  
2| Kenneth Quek| 43 | 20 | Either 4.21% or 4.27%| Kenneth Quek at [100]  
3| Teo Ai Ling| 42 | 20 | 4.21%| Kenneth Quek at [98]   
4| Hafizul| 36 | 17| 5%| Kenneth Quek at [98]  
  
195 The most relevant precedents are the first three. The claimants in those
cases were young individuals who had long remaining working lives of over 40
years at the time of the assessments of damages. A further consideration
stated in Kenneth Quek is whether the claimant is likely to stay in Singapore
for the remainder of his or her working life (at [99]). If, for example, like
the claimant in Hafizul, the plaintiff here wishes to go overseas, a further
discount to account for contingencies ought to be imposed upon the multiplier.
There is no indication that the plaintiff intends to go or live overseas. Like
the claimants in the first three cases, the plaintiff is a Singapore citizen.

196 Having regard to the first three precedents, it would appear to me that
strictly speaking, an appropriate multiplier ought to be just shy of 20 years
because the claimants in those cases have at least one and a half more years
of working life remaining than the plaintiff. However, in my judgment, a
slight revision upwards up to 20 years is amply justified on the basis that
all three precedents are slightly dated. Kenneth Quek was decided on appeal in
2017, while Teo Ai Ling and Lee Wei Kong were respectively decided in 2010 and
2012. In Kenneth Quek, the Court of Appeal implicitly recognised that the
multipliers based on discount rates of 4% – 5% had been artificially low
because the prevailing rates of return on fixed deposits were below 4% per
annum and had already remained so for 15 years (at [55]). This was four years
ago, and the present economic situation looks far bleaker than that in 2017
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Further, steps have already been taken to
drastically reform the calculation of multipliers and to revise them upwards
to reflect the low interest rate environment through para 159 of the Supreme
Court Practice Directions which mandate that the PIRC Tables will, generally,
be used to determine an appropriate multiplier for all personal injury and
death cases heard on or after 1 April 2021.

(3) Arithmetic approach

197 The formula for calculating a multiplier was helpfully laid out in
Christian Pollmann at [77]–[78] (as upheld on appeal in AD 56):

77 The mathematical formula for the present value of an ordinary annuity is as
follows: ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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).
In this formula, PV is the present value of the annuity, P is the value of
each periodic payment, r is the interest rate and n is the number of payments.
This formula is the mathematical equivalent of the formula which the Court of
Appeal used to derive the discount rate implicit in a multiplier selected
using the precedent approach (Kenneth Quek at [72]).

78 The multiplier/multiplicand method also seeks to yield the present value of
an ordinary annuity, albeit by a different route than the arithmetic method.
Therefore, it is mathematically valid to set the two formulas equal to each
other thus: ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)If
the value of each constant payment is ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAkAAAAQCAYAAADESFVDAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAACESURBVChTxY9RDcAgDAVrBheYQAMWsIADHKAABbjBAAK6vbdAWDKSfSzZJRBKr6WIvuAvSURuy3uvvfcrx/0kpcQEQNIYozlnxlMKIcxL4JxjIZgSKltrPEPGkyOmhGCdx1qrtVYKgFIphe13UMI84/0nZPwE3XZIjHHOsmOfWfhKUj0AoV3+r62Ec3cAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
in the first formula and is the ![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
in the second formula, then the![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
in the first formula must necessarily equal ![Math
Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)
in the second formula. In this formula, r is the discount rate which I have
selected of 4.25% per annum … and n is the number of periods comprised in the
duration of the plaintiff’s loss of earnings, ie, 21 years …. Inserting these
values into the formula yields a multiplier of 13.71.

[emphasis in original]

198 To juxtapose the multiplier derived from the arithmetic approach with that
derived from the PIRC Tables (ie, 25.08 years) and the precedent approach (ie,
approximately 20 years based on a discount rate of 4.21% or 4.27%), I have
created a list of combined multipliers based on differing discount rates.
These multipliers can then be split up according to the four multiplicands
across the different years of the plaintiff’s life. Applying the formula
above, r is the discount rate, n is 40.333 years (approximately, 40 years and
4 months).

Discount rate | Multiplier (in years) | Comments   
---|---|---  
2.00%| 27.504| The discount rate employed in Mr Potter’s analysis  
2.50%| 25.225| -  
3.95%| 20.010| A slight reduction of 0.05% from the traditional 4% – 5%
discount rate range  
4.00%| 19.860| Lowest point in the traditional 4% – 5% discount rate range  
4.21%| 19.251| Discount rate in Teo Ai Ling  
4.27%| 19.083| Discount rate in Lee Wei Kong  
4.5%| 18.457| Mid-point between the traditional 4% – 5% discount rate range  
5.00%| 17.205| The highest point in the traditional 4% – 5% discount rate
range  
  
199 It should be noted that while the cases of Teo Ai Ling and Lee Wei Kong
are mentioned in the table above, reference is made only to the discount rate
used therein. The multipliers will necessarily be different given that the
period of future loss used here (ie, n = 40.333 years) is not the same as in
those cases (cf. Kenneth Quek at [72]).

200 As mentioned above at [196], if the precedent approach is used, the
multiplier should strictly speaking be slightly lower than 20 years. This is
illustrated by using the same discount rates as found in the three precedents
(ie, 4.21% and 4.27%). The lowest traditional discount rate of 4% will yield a
multiplier just shy of 20 at 19.860 years. It is only if the discount rate is
drastically reduced to 2.5% that a multiplier close to 25 years can be
obtained. In the absence of the application of the PIRC Tables, such a figure
would fall too far outside the traditional discount rate range of 4% – 5%. I
reiterate the Court of Appeal’s repeated admonishment that radical and
sweeping revisions to the discount rate on account of accelerated receipt lie
within the province of Parliament (Kenneth Quek at [59]) and not the courts. I
thus eschew such a drastic reduction of the discount rate in this case,
especially when there is also an absence of any expert actuarial or financial
evidence independently justifying such a reduction.

201 Nonetheless, bearing in mind that the law has recently recognised the
present lower rates of return on investment (and hence the lowered discounts
for accelerated receipts) and incorporated these considerations into the
Supreme Court Practice Directions by recognising the PIRC Tables, I am of the
view that it is permissible in this case to depart slightly from the
traditional discount rate range of 4% – 5% (see above at [196]). In my
judgment, an appropriate discount rate in this case is 3.95%. This generates a
multiplier of approximately 20 years (rounded down to the nearest whole
number) which, in my judgment, remains in line with the precedents mentioned
above.

202 Accordingly, I hold that the appropriate multiplier is 20 years for future
loss of income.

Summary of the awards for loss of income

203 In summary, the plaintiff is entitled to receive a total of $1,153,736 for
loss of income comprising $153,276 for pre-trial loss of income and $1,000,460
for future loss of income, calculated as follows:

Head of loss | Calculations | Award   
---|---|---  
Pre-trial loss of income from 6 May 2018 to 6 May 2021 (see above at [185]).| Multiplicand: $51,092 Multiplier: 3 years | $153,276  
Future loss of income from 7 May 2021 to 6 September 2061 (see above at
[186]–[187] and [202])| Multiplicand up to 55 years (26 years and 4 months):
$51,092 Multiplicand up to 60 years (5 years): $49,334Multiplicand up to 65
years (5 years): $47,575Multiplicand up to 70 years (4 years): $46,916|
$1,000,460($50,023 x 20)  
Weighted average for the overall multiplicand for future loss of income:
![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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).  
Multiplier for future loss of income: 20 years  
Total loss of income:| $1,153,736  
  
Loss of marriage prospects

204 The parties agree that this should be quantified at $10,000 and I award
this sum as agreed.

Other future losses (remaining lifespan)

205 The remainder of the plaintiff’s future losses concern: (a) future medical
expenses (“FME”); (b) future transport expenses (“FTE”); and (c) future
caregiver costs.

206 Save for short term or one-off expenses like surgery to correct the
plaintiff’s left lid ptosis and left contour deformity, these future losses
are pegged to the plaintiff’s remaining lifespan and correspondingly require a
separate multiplier.

207 The plaintiff submits that the appropriate multiplier is 26 years. This is
calculated on the basis that the plaintiff is 28 years old. Given that the
average life expectancy of a Singaporean male based on official statistics
from the Singapore Department of Statistics is 81.4 years, he has a remaining
life expectancy of 53 years. The plaintiff recognises that a multiplier of 20
years was applied in Lee Wei Kong, but submits that this would undercompensate
the plaintiff in the light of the PIRC Tables. The plaintiff therefore uses
the PIRC Tables which gives a multiplier of 26.38 years, which he rounds off
to arrive at a multiplier of 26 years. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PCS paras 4.22 – 4.26 [FTE], 6.8 [Future Caregiver costs].

This is applied to both FME and future caregiver costs. The plaintiff does not
use a multiplier for FTE.

208 The defendant on the other hand submits that the multiplier should be 18.
It considers that as at 8 April 2021, the plaintiff would be 29 years old and
states that his life expectancy is 73.5 years. It also takes reference from
the case of TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543 (“TV
Media”), in which a multiplier of 17 years was given to a 29-year-old
claimant. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

DCS paras 163 – 164.

Analysis and decision on the multiplier

209 The multiplier ought to be pegged to the remaining life expectancy of the
plaintiff. This in turn is to be determined by subtracting the plaintiff’s age
at the time of the assessment of damages (notionally taken to be 6 May 2021 –
see above at [183]) from the life expectancy of the average male Singapore
citizen (Kenneth Quek at [68] and Lee Wei Kong at [52]).

210 Based on data from the Singapore Department of Statistics submitted by the
plaintiff, 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

PCS para 4.23.

the average life expectancy of a male Singaporean born in 2019 is 81.4 years.
The life expectancy of a male Singaporean born in 1991 is 73.5 years. In
Kenneth Quek, although the claimant was, like the plaintiff here, also born in
1991 (at [2]), the Court of Appeal did not use a life expectancy of 73.5
years, but instead looked to precedents which typically used 75 years as the
average life expectancy of a male claimant in Singapore (at [69]), and
eventually took a conservative estimate of 74 years because counsel was
prepared to accept that figure. The plaintiff’s counsel makes no such
concession here but nonetheless, I am of the view that 75 years is an
appropriate figure to use.

211 Thus, for the purposes of the subsequent analysis, the plaintiff is taken
to live up to 6 September 2066 (ie, his 75th birthday). Using the same
provisional date of 6 May 2021 as the date of trial, the plaintiff (at the age
of 29 years and 8 months) can expect to live for a further 45 years and 4
months.

(1) PIRC Tables

212 The four months from 6 May 2021 to 6 September 2021 needs no discount rate
given the proximity to the present time. The multiplier for this period is
therefore 1/3 of a year.

213 Having regard to the PIRC Tables, the plaintiff’s age at the start of
payments (ie, 7 September 2021) is 30 years old. At the end of the payments,
he will be 75 years old. The multiplier for this is 25.58 years.

214 The combined multiplier is therefore 25.91 years.

(2) Precedent approach

215 In Kenneth Quek, the Court of Appeal had regard to various precedents and
found that claimants with remaining life expectancies of approximately 50
years have received FME multipliers of between 17 and 20 years, while those
with remaining life expectancies of between 30 and 35 years have received FME
multipliers of between 15 and 18 years (at [71]). The Court of Appeal then
went on to derive the annual discount rates for each of the precedents it had
analysed.

(a) In TV Media, a claimant with a remaining life expectancy of 51 years
received a 17-year multiplier. The discount rate was 5.89%.

(b) In Lee Wei Kong, the claimant with a remaining life expectancy of 53 years
received a 20-year multiplier. The discount rate was 4.80%.

(c) In Ng Song Leng, a claimant with a remaining life expectancy of 35 years
received a 17-year multiplier. The discount rate was 5.10%.

(d) In Hafizul, a claimant with a remaining life expectancy of 34 years
received an 18-year multiplier. The discount rate was 4.51%.

(e) In Tan Juay Mui, a claimant with a remaining life expectancy of 32 years
received a 17-year multiplier. The discount rate was 4.78%.

(f) In Eugene Lai, a claimant with a remaining life expectancy of 30 years
received a 15-year multiplier. However, the court there held that this award
was “perhaps on the low side”. The discount rate was 5.72%.

216 After the Court of Appeal considered the precedents, it held that as the
claimant in Kenneth Quek had a 50-year remaining life expectancy, it would be
appropriate to use a discount rate of 4.8%. It again cautioned against the use
of discount rates significantly outside the 4% – 5% range (at [78]–[79]).

217 In my judgment, these precedents display a general trend of the discount
rates for awards pegged to a person’s remaining life span (eg, FME) being
higher than those for loss of future income. This is not entirely surprising –
the further into the future that losses must be projected into, the greater
the discount necessary to account for the accelerated receipt of money as well
as other vicissitudes of life. In my judgment, a slight uplift in the
multiplier for FME is warranted for the same reasons elucidated at [196]. A
reasonable multiplier is somewhere slightly above 20 years.

(3) Arithmetic approach

218 Applying the same formula for calculating the multiplier as laid out in
Christian Pollmann at [77]–[78] (as reproduced above at [197]), r is the
discount rate and n is 45.333 (approximately 45 years and 4 months), I derive
the following multipliers:

Discount rate | Multiplier (in years) | Comments   
---|---|---  
2.00%| 29.625| The discount rate employed in Mr Potter’s analysis  
2.60%| 26.448| The single discount rate that will yield a figure closest to
the multiplier of 26.38 as proposed by the plaintiff. 159

##### Foot Note 159

× PCS para 4.25.  
2.70%| 25.968| The single discount rate that will yield a figure closest to
the multiplier of 25.91 per the PIRC Tables (see [214] above).  
3.50%| 22.565| -  
4.00%| 20.776| Trough of the traditional range  
4.05%| 20.609| -  
4.50%| 19.201| -  
5.00%| 17.810| Peak of the traditional range  
5.10%| 17.551| The discount rate in Ng Song Leng (see [215(c)] above).  
  
219 It should be noted that while Ng Song Leng is mentioned in the table
above, reference is made only to the discount rate used therein. The
multipliers will necessarily be different given that the period of future loss
used here (ie, n = 45.333 years) is not the same as that in Ng Song Leng.

220 Based on the precedents at [215], the discount rates for past cases range
from 4.51% to 5.1%. I have disregarded the discount rates of 5.89% and 5.72%
in TV Media and Eugene Lai respectively as both appear to be out of sync with
the rest of the precedents. The Court of Appeal in Eugene Lai expressly
recognised that the award in that case based on the discount rate was “perhaps
on the low side” (at [43]). For the same reasons stated at [196] and [201]
above, I am of the view that the discount rate in this case can be lowered to
4.05%. This would give a multiplier of approximately 20.6 years (to the
nearest decimal place).

Future medical expenses

221 The plaintiff claims $289,008.60 for future medical expenses based on a
multiplier of 26 years. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

PCS para 4.26.

The defendant argues that a sum of $19,012 is sufficient based on a multiplier
of 18 years. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

DRS para 8.

The only item upon which they agree is for the defendant to bear the cost of
surgery to correct the plaintiff’s left lid ptosis and left contour deformity
(ie, $9,400). 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

DRS paras 5 – 8.

I tabulate the parties’ positions below:

Nature of FME| Plaintiff’s position| Defendant’s position  
---|---|---  
TBI | $21,608.60| $0  
Orthopaedic injuries | $154,000| $534 x 18 years = $9,612  
Psychiatric injuries | $104,000| $0  
Left lid ptosis and left contour deformity (one-off)| $9,400| $9,400  
Total| $289,008.60| $19,012  
  
(1) Decision on FME

(A) TBI

222 I deal first with the plaintiff’s anticipated expenses for TBI. With
respect, the defendant’s position on this point is somewhat confusing. It
agrees that “the FME would be in the form of medical follow-ups (as prescribed
by Dr Chua)”. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

DCS para 160.

However, its calculations show that it is not agreeable to give any damages to
the plaintiff for this.

223 The plaintiff also references Dr Chua’s report dated 30 March 2020 which
states that the plaintiff will require twice yearly medical follow-ups for
life due to his behavioural problems due to TBI. The estimated costs at TTSH
for B1 rates (inclusive of goods and service tax) are $831.10 per annum broken
down as follows: 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

PSBOD p 1514.

(a) Medical costs per year: $206 x 2.

(b) Laboratory tests per year: $209.55 x 2.

224 This is a reasonable sum. The annual medical expenses for the plaintiff’s
TBI is therefore allowed at $17,120.66 (ie, $831.10 x 20.6 years).

(B) Orthopaedic injuries

225 The plaintiff claims a total of $154,000 for orthopaedic injuries. This
being calculated as follows:

(a) Five years of physiotherapy 2 times a week at $175 per session = $175 x 2
x 260 weeks = $91,000.

(b) Cost of medication to be prescribed 4 times a year = $350 x 4 x 5 years =
$7,000.

(c) Heterotrophic ossification = $10,500.

(d) Special garment brace or orthotic insert for gait disturbances = ($1,500 +
$250) x multiplier of 26 years = $45,500.

226 At the outset, the claim for five years’ worth of private physiotherapy
sessions, twice a week is excessive. As mentioned above at [97], the plaintiff
has made a significant recovery from his injuries and regained most of the
function in his lower limbs. Dr Chua, the plaintiff’s rehabilitation doctor,
stated as far back as September 2018 that all rehabilitation interventions
were complete for the plaintiff. She testified that the plaintiff’s physical
rehabilitation for motor abilities “has actually reached a near plateau” and
has “reached a ceiling, in a sense”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 266; NE 25 Nov 2020 19:18-22.

While the plaintiff suffers from permanent residual disabilities, he is
capable of ambulating independently around the community and can even do
weight training at the gym.

227 While Dr Kannan and Mr John Abraham (the senior principal physiotherapist
at Rapid Physiocare Pte Ltd) have both recommended that the plaintiff
continues with maintenance physiotherapy over the next five years with two
sessions a week, 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

PCS paras 4.6 – 4.8.

this seems to be a luxury rather than a reasonable necessity. Mr Abraham
stated in his report dated 26 November 2019 that the plaintiff is: 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 312.

totally independent in activities of daily living. As far as the disability
and strength that his left leg offers, he can walk, climb up and downstairs
independently. His left hip bone can withstand normal load stress like running
and jumping.

The plaintiff was also observed to be able to tolerate up to 45 minutes of
exercise. While there may have been a time where the plaintiff needed
intensive physiotherapy to recover from his injuries, that time has long
passed. The opinion of Mr Abraham that the plaintiff “is much more independent
and cooperates well in the exercise program at home as well” [emphasis added]
168

##### Foot Note 168

×

PBOD Vol 1p 312.

shows that the plaintiff is capable of being independent in ensuring his own
physical rehabilitation.

228 I am of the view that Dr Chua’s evidence is to be preferred over Dr
Kannan’s. Dr Chua is the plaintiff’s rehabilitation doctor who has
continuously seen and assessed him on numerous occasions from 2016 to 2020. Dr
Kannan made it clear that his opinion on the plaintiff’s need for twice-weekly
physiotherapy sessions for five years is for the purpose of “assessing him so
that he does not deteriorate”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE 30 Nov 2020 33:27-28.

While Dr Kannan is an orthopaedic surgeon with a sub-speciality in lower limb
injuries, this is more properly a matter concerning long-term rehabilitation.
Dr Kannan conceded that he is not a trained rehabilitation specialist like Dr
Chua and that he would defer to her in matters of rehabilitation. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE 30 Nov 2020 34:19 – 27.

Pertinently, Dr Kannan stopped short of saying that the plaintiff would
require such intensive physiotherapy and in fact acknowledged that the
plaintiff “may need” such maintenance physiotherapy and that equally, the
plaintiff “may not” need it [emphases added]. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE 30 Nov 3030 34:10-13.

229 I add that Dr Chua was alive to the need to ensure that the plaintiff’s
condition does not deteriorate into the future. She termed it “secondary
decline” which, in her experience, sometimes occurs in patients with injuries
that are in the “worst 10%”. Dr Chua’s evidence on this is material and bears
reproducing in full: 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE 25 Nov 2020 20:19 – 21:23.

Q| Thank you. So, clearly, if somebody says, well, you know, he needs another
5 years, 10 years, the rest of his life physiotherapy, that doesn’t seem quite
right, does it?  
---|---  
A| Patients of this nature, sometimes we get an issue of secondary decline.  
Q| Understand.  
A| A patient who has such a severe injury as him, I mentioned that he belongs
to the worst 10% of injuries  
Q| Okay.  
A| It is important that they maintain a fitness.  
Q| Understand.  
A| So you can argue that intermittent reviews with a physiotherapist are
possible.  
Q| Understand.  
A| It may not even be a physiotherapist. It can be a trainer in a gym.  
Q| Understand.  
A| I’ve advocated two visits a year which I usually do for all my severely
injured TBIs.  
Q| Understand.  
A| The purpose is actually to ensure that they are coping and functioning
well.  
Q| Understand.  
A| There are psychosocial stressors that sometimes come upon the patient. It’s
part of life. We also need to look out for late complications that can appear,
alright. And there are a variety of these.  
Q| Understand.  
| …  
Q| Because you have gone a bit too far on what my question is. My question is
basically: If somebody says ‘physiotherapy consistent, every week, three times
a week, next 10 years, next 5 years’, that doesn’t sound quite right. Would
that be correct for me to say that?  
A| Currently, I don’t think he needs that intensity unless there is a new
problem.  
Q| Thank you. So let me just get your evidence right so that I can understand
this, okay. He has plateaued physically and as far as community walking is
concerned. Alright.  
A| Yes  
Q| Do you agree with that?  
A| Yes.  
  
230 Balancing the fact that the plaintiff has recovered well from his injuries
and is independent in all motor ADL, with the fact that the plaintiff suffers
from residual disabilities and faces a chance of secondary decline due to the
severity of his injuries from the accident, I find that the plaintiff should
be allowed to have two intermittent reviews a year with a physiotherapist for
up to five years, per Dr Chua’s advice and recommendation which I accept.
These sessions can also help to serve as maintenance physiotherapy as
advocated for by Dr Kannan. The five-year duration is justified on the basis
of Dr Kannan’s evidence that there is a “phase to muscle memory” and “most of
the studies out there have a 5-year follow up as opposed to a 15-year follow
up”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

PCS para 4.11.

231 There is no need to apply any discount rate to this as five years is not
very far into the future. As such, bearing in mind Dr Kannan’s evidence that
the cost for 1 hour of physiotherapy in a hospital at B1 rates is around $80,
174

##### Foot Note 174

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 322.

the FME for the plaintiff’s physiotherapy would be $800 (ie, $80 x 2 times a
year x 5 years) and I award this sum accordingly.

232 As for Dr Kannan’s opinion that the plaintiff will require medications on
a three-monthly basis, which would cost about $150–$200 at B1 rates or
$280–$350 at private patient rates, I was unable to find any elucidation in Dr
Kannan’s report as to what these medications are for; nor was there any
illumination provided in oral testimony or the plaintiff’s submissions. In the
absence of justification, I am not persuaded that this claim for future
medication amounting to $7,000 ($350 per prescription x 4 times a year x 5
years) can be sustained. Accordingly, I disallow it.

233 The plaintiff also claims for special garment braces and orthotic inserts
for gait disturbance across the remaining years of the plaintiff’s life (ie,
$1,500 + $250) x multiplier of 26 years = $45,500). This is based on Dr
Kannan’s opinion in his medical report dated 3 February 2020 that: 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

PBOD Vol 1 p 322.

To counter his subtle gait disturbance, he may require a special garment brace
or an orthotic insert. This needs to be assessed with long term follow up.
Such a customized orthotic brace may cost about $1000-$1500. A de-rotation
garment brace is about $200-$250. Since the garment and orthotic is worn
daily, it may very well be subject to wear and tear requiring refitting or
replacement at various points in his life approximately once every 1 to 1.5
years depending on usage. [emphasis added]

234 In my view, the plaintiff’s claim for this head of loss is inflated. Dr
Kannan did not opine that the plaintiff needed both a garment brace and an
orthotic insert. Rather, his evidence is that either one may be necessary.

235 That said, the defendant did not challenge or question Dr Kannan’s opinion
on this during cross-examination and is taken to have accepted it at face-
value. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

PRS para 1.97.

In my judgment, it would be reasonable to grant the plaintiff the cost of the
lower value garment brace at $200 in the light of his permanent residual
disabilities that have affected his gait. I have allowed the lower cost
garment brace because Dr Kannan was somewhat equivocal in his opinion on
whether the garment brace or orthotic insert would be necessary. His exact
words were that “[t]his needs to be assessed with long term follow up”.

236 This being the case, the plaintiff is in my judgment entitled to $200
annually for a de-rotation garment brace, multiplied by 20.6 years. This works
out to a sum of $4,120 which I allow.

237 As for heterotrophic ossification, I agree with the plaintiff that he
should be entitled to $10,500 (one-off) to correct this via surgery. While Dr
Kannan did not say that the plaintiff currently has heterotrophic
ossification, he opined that the likelihood of the plaintiff developing this
is more than 50% as there is already some evidence of progressive stiffness
developing in the plaintiff’s left hip 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

PRS para 1.96

. Dr Kannan estimated that in a B1 restructured hospital setting, such an
operation would cost would between $10,000 and $11,000 excluding implants and
hospitalisation charges.

238 Given that the defendant did not specifically challenge Dr Kannan’s
evidence on this front, 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PRS para 1.96.

I accept that the plaintiff should be entitled to this one-off expense at
$10,500.

239 To summarise, the plaintiff’s FME award for orthopaedic injuries is
$15,420 broken down as follows:

(a) Physiotherapy sessions 2 times a year for 5 years : $80 x 2 x 5 years =
$800.

(b) Garment brace to be replaced once a year: $200 x 20.6 years = $4,120.

(c) One-off surgery to counteract heterotrophic ossification: $10,500.

(C) Psychiatric injuries

240 The plaintiff claims the costs of life-long psychiatric treatment at
$4,000 a year based on Dr Chan’s medical report dated 25 September 2020. In
the light of the fact that the plaintiff has now developed PDD alongside
behavioural issues associated with TBI, and the fact that the defendant did
not challenge Dr Chan’s statement that “psychiatric treatment for behavioural
management is expected to be lifelong”, I agree and accept that the plaintiff
ought to receive $82,400 for this claim, being $4,000 multiplied by 20.6
years.

Future transportation expenses

241 The plaintiff claims a total of $25,350 for future transport expenses. He
submits that he will have to take 845 trips related to his future medical
expenses (ie, 26 annual lab tests for TBI, 480 trips for physiotherapy
sessions, one trip for the ossification surgery, 26 trips to replace his
garment brace and 312 trips for psychiatric treatment) and that each round
trip is expected to be $30. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PCS paras 5.1 – 5.2.

The defendant submits that the plaintiff will only need to make two trips each
year and each round trip is expected to cost $50. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

DCS paras 167 – 168.

Nonetheless, it is willing to concede a sum of $7,500. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

DCS para 181.

242 As I have rejected the plaintiff’s argument that he will require twice
weekly physiotherapy sessions for the next five years, the plaintiff can
expect to have:

(a) Physiotherapy sessions 2 times a year for the next 5 years (no discount
rate is to be applied as this is not an overly lengthy period of time): 2
sessions x 5 years x $30 = $300.

(b) One trip for heterotrophic ossification surgery = $30.

(c) Annual trips to replace his garment brace for the rest of the plaintiff’s
life: $30 x 20.6 years = $618.

(d) As the plaintiff has provided no evidence of how often the psychiatric
treatments will occur yearly, I will take it that it occurs once a year for
the rest of the plaintiff’s life: $30 x 20.6 years = $618.

243 The total sum based on the plaintiff’s calculations is far lower than
$7,500. As the defendant is agreeable to paying the plaintiff $7,500, I award
the plaintiff $7,500 for this head of claim.

Cost of caregiver

244 The plaintiff submits that the current cost of a domestic helper is $1,500
a month (rounded down from $1,540), and a multiplier of 26 is appropriate. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

PCS para 6.7.

The defendant submits that no award ought to be made for future caregiver
costs as the plaintiff no longer requires a full-time caregiver. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

DCS para 18.

In the alternative, if the court takes the view that the plaintiff does
require a caregiver, the defendant submits that the costs of a caregiver
should not be foisted upon the defendant because the psychiatric injuries as
well as behavioural issues related to TBI were not caused by the accident.
Further, it avers that the plaintiff’s father, Mr Lee Kim Lian @ Mohammad Lee,
can serve as the plaintiff’s caregiver as he is retrenched and past the
retirement age. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

DCS para 150.

(1) Decision on caregiver costs

245 In my judgment, the costs of a future caregiver ought to be awarded to the
plaintiff. As stated above at [74], the relevant experts are unanimous in
their opinions that the plaintiff requires some degree of supervision and will
not be able to live independently. This stems from the plaintiff’s
neurocognitive issues associated with TBI as well as his psychiatric issues –
all of which are the proximate result of the accident (see [45] above). I have
little hesitation rejecting out of hand the defendant’s somewhat callous
argument that the plaintiff’s father can serve as his ‘free of charge
caregiver’. While his family members have all pitched in to help the plaintiff
(especially during certain pre-trial periods where the family did not engage a
domestic helper), their care and efforts borne out of familial love and
affection for the plaintiff should not be taken as a free resource that the
defendant can take advantage of to reduce the sum that it ought to pay as fair
compensation to the plaintiff. It is also, in my view, unreasonable for the
defendant to expect the plaintiff’s father, who is already past the age of
retirement, to take on the responsibility of being the plaintiff’s surrogate
caregiver for the rest of his natural life.

246 The plaintiff’s rounded-down estimate of $1,500 per month is calculated
based on a salary of $550, foreign worker levy of $450, food and miscellaneous
expenses of $450 (based on $15 per day), two medical check-ups a month at $35
each and insurance of $20 (based on annual premium of $240). I agree that this
estimate is reasonable.

247 The multiplicand is therefore $18,000 (ie, $1,500 x 12). Applying the
multiplier of 20.6 years, the award for future caregiver costs is $370,800.

Special damages

Medical expenses and related expenses

248 The plaintiff claims a sum of $239,115.77 for incurred medical expenses
and related expenses broken down as follows: 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

PCS para 1.10 at p 84.

(a) $237,464.03 for medical expenses after removing the following items
disputed at trial by the defendant: dengue screening, dental paste, anti-
fungal cream, vaccinations, two SAFRA Gym memberships. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

PCS para 1.3 – 1.5, beginning from PCS p 80 under the heading “Special
Damages”.

I term this the “Original Medical Expenses” claim.

(b) $1,343.45 for further medical expenses incurred during the trial period.
These were provided to the defendant on 18 February 2021 after the conclusion
of the evidentiary hearing. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

PCS para 1.6 at p 82.

(c) $308.29 for miscellaneous expenses. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

PCS para 1.9 at p 83.

249 I should add that in its reply submissions, the plaintiff also seeks to
claim for a further pair of biomechanical insoles worth $631.30. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

PRS para 1.110.

I refer to this expense as well as the claim for $1,343.45 at [248(b)] as the
“New Medical Expenses”.

250 The defendant appears to think that the amount claimed by the plaintiff is
$237,679.90 based on the Scott Schedule prepared by the parties. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

DCS paras 175 - 176.

It accepts a sum of $212,050.34 as appropriate but wishes to dispute the
following items: (a) physiotherapy from Rapid Physiocare amounting to
$22,944.30; (b) consultation and biomechanical insoles from Orthopaedia Pte
Ltd amounting to $597.30; (c) gym memberships amounting to $545.70; (d)
psychotherapy treatment amounting to $250; (e) vaccinations amounting to
$105.20; (f) dental treatments amounting to $752.90; and (g) fungal creams
amounting to $3 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

BAEIC Vol 3 p 711

(or $1.40 after government subsidy).

251 It must first be said that it ought not to be the role of the court to
comb through individual and de minimis expenses such as fungal creams worth no
more than $3. It is the overarching duty of both counsel to assist the court
in its assessment of the plaintiff’s damages, instead of quibbling over
comparatively minor and inconsequential matters. What is especially egregious
in this case is that the plaintiff’s claim for expenses, even on the
defendant’s account, is in the hundreds of thousands. In the overall scheme,
the addition of a few hundred or even a few thousand dollars would make little
difference to the overall claim and I would have expected parties’ counsel to
be able to sort out issues of this nature without the intervention of the
court.

252 To further complicate and compound matters, it appears to me that the
parties are, to some extent, also at cross-purposes in relation to the
Original Medical Expenses. For example, in arriving at the figure of
$237,464.03 (see [248(a)], the plaintiff stated in his closing submissions
that he had already removed items (c), (e), (f) and (g) referred to above at
[248]. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

PRS para 1.109.

Nonetheless, and despite this state of affairs, the court has to press on.

253 I am of the view that items (a) and (b) referred to at [250] above are
plausibly related to the plaintiff’s injuries from the accident and ought not
to be deducted. As has been detailed extensively earlier in this judgment, the
plaintiff suffered lower limb injuries as a result of the accident. While he
has recovered well, there remains residual disability in his left hip and
knee. I find it reasonable to allow the plaintiff to claim for fees incurred
for special biomechanical insoles and rehabilitation by way of physiotherapy.
The physiotherapy fees which amount to $22,944,30 are reasonable bearing in
mind that they had been accumulating since at least August 2015 when the
plaintiff was discharged from the hospital following the accident.

254 As for item (d) at [250], psychotherapy is commonly sought to help
alleviate or control symptoms associated with mental illnesses. However, while
the plaintiff submits that this claim is “supported by the “medical evidence”,
he does not point me to any evidence suggesting that this has been prescribed
by the plaintiff’s doctors. He has simply asserted that this is “necessary and
incurred as a result of the accident”. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

PRS para 1.107.

I do not think that this suffices and therefore do not allow this claim.

255 The sum that I allow in respect of the plaintiff’s Original Medical
Expenses claim is therefore $237,214.03 (ie, $237,464.03 – $250).

256 As for the New Medical Expenses, the plaintiff only brought them and the
supporting evidence to the defendant’s attention on 18 February 2021, after
the conclusion of the evidential hearing in Suit 253. While these appear to be
legitimate expenses, leave of court was not sought to adduce the new evidence.
In the circumstances, I do not think that these are properly claimable and
therefore disallow them.

257 As for the miscellaneous expenses amounting to $308.29, the defendant is
prepared to pay a sum of $160.44 purely on a goodwill basis. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DCS para 179.

As mentioned previously, it is not the court’s role to scrutinise every single
receipt down to the last cent – the sum claimed of $308.29 was the aggregate
of 17 individual receipts, some of which were for expenses amounting to as
little as $2.45. The amount of time, energy and resources expended by the
parties disputing this claim, and then by this court having to arrive at a
decision on it, is wholly disproportionate. Ultimately, as the difference
between $308.29 and $160.44 is, in my view, de minimis in the context of the
plaintiff’s overall claim, I take the midpoint value of $234 (to the nearest
whole number) as a fair and reasonable sum for the miscellaneous expenses and
award that amount to the plaintiff.

258 Finally, the defendant asks for an order that the plaintiff returns a sum
of $174,301.19 to Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (“Prudential”) for
the plaintiff’s hospitalisation fees paid by Prudential as the plaintiff’s
insurer. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

DCS para 177.

While the plaintiff’s sister, Ms Ashikin, confirmed on the stand that the
plaintiff is agreeable to returning this sum to Prudential, 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

PRS para 1.111 – 1.112.

that is a matter between Prudential and the plaintiff. Moreover, given that
Prudential is not a party to the present proceedings, I see no reason to make
the specific order suggested by the defendant.

259 To summarise, I award the plaintiff the sum of $237,448.03 for incurred
medical and related expenses.

Transport expenses

260 The plaintiff claims a sum of $9,344.23 for incurred transport expenses
including taxi fares, petrol, EZ-link card top-ups, and parking charges. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

PCS para 2.5 at p. 84.

The defendant is willing to concede a sum of $7,500 given the frequency of the
plaintiff’s medical appointments since the accident occurred.

261 I do not think that $9,344.23 is an unreasonable figure. A large portion
of the sum pertains to petrol costs incurred by Ms Ashikin when she ferried
the plaintiff to and from his various medical appointments. Ms Ashikin
candidly admitted during cross-examination that she used the petrol for other
purposes like going to work, however, she had already accounted for this by
claiming only half of her petrol costs from the defendant. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

NE 10 Nov 2020 94:22 – 95:13.

262 I disagree with the defendant’s contention that Ms Ashikin was seeking to
inflate the claim for transport expenses. While it is true that some of the
original petrol receipts included items like M&M chocolates and mash potatoes,
Ms Ashikin admitted that these items should have been taken out and stated
that they had been inadvertently included in the calculations because mistakes
were made while tallying up the sheer number of receipts. I accept her
explanation. These items were taken out by the plaintiff’s counsel who sent an
updated figure of $9,344.23 to the defendant on 27 November 2020. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

PCS para 2.4 at p 84.

Special damages for transport expenses are therefore allowed at $9,344.23.

Pre-trial loss of income

263 The plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of income has been dealt with above at
[184]–[185] and I shall not repeat myself here.

The plaintiff’s father (Mr Lee)

264 The plaintiff claims a sum of $91,533.28 as Mr Lee’s pre-trial loss of
income. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

PCS para 4.5 at p. 86.

This is calculated on the basis that Mr Lee had left his job in June 2017 to
take care of the plaintiff and there was a period of 34 months where the
family was without a domestic helper (July 2017 to February 2020, and August
2020 to October 2020). Given that Mr Lee was previously employed as a
logistics supervisor with RAK Logistics Holdings Pte Ltd (“RAK Logistics”)
with a monthly salary of $2,576 (and an additional employer CPF contribution
of 17%), the plaintiff claims 34 months’ worth of Mr Lee’s salary (after
deducting the income he had earned during that period through part-time work).
For the avoidance of doubt, the plaintiff does not appear to be claiming for
any periods of leave taken by Mr Lee while he was still employed by RAK
Logistics.

265 Having regard to the evidence, I do not think that any award for Mr Lee’s
pre-trial loss of income ought to be claimable. The objective evidence
suggests that Mr Lee had been retrenched. In other words, it is not a case
where Mr Lee had left RAK Logistics voluntarily to take care of the plaintiff.
Mdm Noraini, Mr Lee’s wife, had informed Dr Fones that Mr Lee had been
retrenched and this was recorded in Dr Fones’ report dated 17 January 2018.
201

##### Foot Note 201

×

DCS para 34 – 36.

At trial, Mr Lee was unable to provide a satisfactory explanation for this.
Furthermore, Mr Lim Hong Suan, Mr Lee’s former colleague at RAK Logistics
testified that RAK Logistics was laying off its employees in July 2017 as its
business was not viable, and Mr Lim himself was laid off around that time.
Coincidentally, this was also around the same time that Mr Lee had purportedly
resigned. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NEs 3 December 2020 5:1 – 24.

266 Overall, I found Mr Lee to be a poor witness whose evidence was incoherent
at times and who was unable to recall too many important details about
relevant events. While this may well have been attributable to Mr Lee being
somewhat overwhelmed by the stress of giving evidence in court and having to
recall the tragedy that had befallen his son, Mr Lee’s testimony in relation
to why he had left RAK Logistics is difficult to reconcile with the more
objective sources of evidence as laid out above. This being the case, the
plaintiff has not, in my judgment, established that Mr Lee’s reduced income
during the 34-month period is attributable to the accident and thus claimable
from the defendant. I therefore disallow this claim entirely.

The plaintiff’s mother (Mdm Noraini)

267 This claim is agreed at $3,306.77 and I allow the amount as agreed. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

DCS para 171; PRS para 1.101.

The plaintiff’s sister (Ms Ashikin)

268 The plaintiff claims a sum of $8,221.88 for his sister’s pre-trial loss of
income. The defendant agrees that Ms Ashikin should be entitled to
compensation for the leave that she had taken on account of the plaintiff.
However, the parties appear to be using different figures for the amount of
leave taken by Ms Ashikin. Unfortunately, the plaintiff’s submissions do not
contain much by way of references to the documentary evidence.

269 When Ms Ashikin was working at the Office of the Public Guardian, she took
a total of 42.5 days and 12.75 hours of unpaid leave, and 2.5 days and 4.5
hours of paid annual leave. As stated in the letter from her employer, the
total amount adds up to $4,552.25 (ie, $2,892.50 + $58.50 + $165.75 + $1,359 +
$76.50). 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

3BAEIC 971 – 973.

After factoring in employer’s CPF contribution of 17%, this adds up to
$5,326.13. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

PCS para 6.4 at p 88 – 89.

270 When Ms Ashikin was working at the Singapore Children’s Society, her base
salary was $4,569. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

3BAEIC p 1263.

She took leave on 15 days. She therefore forfeited $4,009.29 (ie, $4,569/20 x
15 x 1.17).

271 I pause to state that this figure of $4,009.29 is higher than the figure
given in the plaintiff’s closing submissions (see para 6.4 at p 89). I
attribute this to an error of calculation on the part of counsel.
Specifically, it appears that plaintiff’s counsel took Ms Ashikin’s base
monthly salary at the Singapore Children’s Society as $3,300. However, a
letter from the employer states that her base pay is $4,569 (albeit that the
letter itself appears to mistakenly refer to that sum as Ms Ashikin’s “annual
basic salary”). 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

3BAEIC p 1263

$4,569 per month is the sum used by the defendant. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

DCS para. 170(b).

272 Ms Ashikin therefore ought to be entitled to $9,335.42 ($5,326.13 +
$4,009.29) and I award this amount.

Costs of caregivers

273 The family employed the following domestic helpers after the accident: 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

PCS para 7.5.

(a) Ms Ulpiyah from May 2015 to August 2015;

(b) Ms Masriyah from September 2015 to April 2016;

(c) Ms Sulikatun from 29 February 2020 to 1 August 2020;

(d) Ms Pungki who was unable to come to Singapore due to the COVID-19
pandemic; and

(e) Ms Erni Marlina since 16 January 2021.

274 The plaintiff claims a sum of $36,499.12 for incurred caregiver expenses.
210

##### Foot Note 210

×

PCS para 7.5 at p 90.

The defendant is prepared to concede a sum of $14,267.63 for Ms Ulpiyah and Ms
Masriyah. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

DCS para 148.

The defendant takes the view that the plaintiff was independent from 16 June
2016 and even if he required a caregiver, there was no need for the family to
employ one as Mr Lee had been retrenched and could therefore take on that
role.

275 As I am of the view the plaintiff is entitled to future caregiver expenses
(see [247] above), it follows that the caregiver expenses incurred to take
care of the plaintiff up till the point of trial are, in principle, also
claimable.

276 Before going on to deal with Ms Ulpiyah’s and Ms Masriyah’s expenses, it
bears mention that the plaintiff’s closing submissions contain paragraphs on
how the plaintiff had, after trial, removed various expenses or receipts from
the claim in relation to these two helpers after Mr Wee had pointed out during
cross-examination that there were various wrongly included items. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

PCS paras 7.3 – 7.4 at pp 89 – 90.

The plaintiff’s counsel submits that the revised figures now stand at $444.67
for Ms Ulpiyah’s food expenses, $2,295.36 for Ms Masriyah’s food expenses and
$783.68 for Ms Masriyah’s other expenses. I address these new figures in turn.

277 For Ms Ulpiyah, the plaintiff does not provide a breakdown of the
$8,042.84 claimed in its closing submissions and simply refers to the table of
expenses at para 15 of Mdm Noraini’s AEIC dated 20 November 2019. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

PCS para 7.5 at p 90.

This table states that the costs incurred in connection with Ms Ulpiyah amount
to $8,042.84.

278 However, to the best of my abilities, I have not been able to determine
where the revised sum of $444.67 for Ms Ulpiyah’s food expenses features in
the plaintiff’s ‘revised’ claim given that the claim in its closing
submissions and the abovementioned AEIC filed two years ago are exactly the
same. I would add that the sum of $8,042.84 in Mdm Noraini’s AEIC dated 20
November 2019 is inclusive of a sum of $1,800 for Ms Ulpiyah’s food expenses.
214

##### Foot Note 214

×

4BAEIC p 1295.

It therefore appears to me that the plaintiff’s counsel had not, in fact,
removed the expenses or receipts that they were aware had been wrongly
included for the claim in respect of Ms Ulpiyah.

279 For Ms Masriyah, the sum of $14,169.38 as claimed in the plaintiff’s
closing submissions at para 7.5 is made up of $13,385.70 and $783.68 for
“other expenses”. No breakdown for the $13,385.70 sum is provided in the
plaintiff’s closing submissions. In fact, the plaintiff simply refers again to
the table found at para 15 of Mdm Noraini’s AEIC dated 20 November 2019.
Pertinently, this table shows that the sum of $13,385.70 includes Ms
Masriyah’s food expenses which is quantified at $5,400. The point to note is
that the plaintiff claims to have removed a list of wrongly added receipts for
Ms Masriyah and accordingly arrived at a revised sum of $2,295.36 for food
expenses. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

PCS para 7.4 at p 90.

I am, however, unable to find any indication that this reduced sum had been
used in the calculation of expenses related to Ms Masriyah. Furthermore, I am
unable to understand how the plaintiff or his counsel had removed various
wrongly included receipts or items from the tabulation of expenses related to
Ms Masriyah, but still somehow ended up with an additional claim for $783.68
for “other expenses” on top of the $13,385.70 sum which had already featured
in Mdm Noraini’s AEIC filed two years ago. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

4BAEIC p 1296.

It further bears noting that the $13,385.70 sum already included “Other
expenses” for Ms Masriyah worth $394.80. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

4BAEIC p 1296.

280 To describe as confusing the manner in which the plaintiff has sought to
advance and explain this head of claim in relation to Ms Ulpiyah and Ms
Masriyah would be an understatement. Despite my best efforts, I am befuddled
by the plaintiff’s calculations and unable to understand how counsel arrived
at a higher or equal sum for their expenses after removing some invoices or
expenses which Mdm Noraini conceded were wrongly included. With respect, it
appears that the invoices or expenses the plaintiff claims to have removed
were not in fact removed from their ‘updated calculations’. In fact, after Mdm
Noraini acknowledged during cross-examination that the original claim was
inflated due to the incorrect addition of certain receipts, it appears that
further expenses were added to the plaintiff’s claim (eg, the other expenses
amounting to $783.68 in respect of Ms Masriyah). In short, the picture before
the court is not only incomplete and confusing but a somewhat misleading one.
Unfortunately, this, and the plaintiff’s submissions did not assist this court
in the least to assess the plaintiff’s claim in so far as this head of loss is
concerned.

281 Nonetheless, as it is clear that the plaintiff should receive at least
some amount for the costs of the various caregivers engaged prior to trial, I
take some time to go through the expenses of the various domestic helpers.

Ms Ulpiyah

282 The plaintiff claims $8,042.84 for expenses incurred in relation to Ms
Ulpiyah. As previously mentioned at [277] above, 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

PCS para 7.5 based on 4BAEIC p 1295 – 1296.

no breakdown of this sum was provided in the plaintiff’s closing submissions
and reference was made instead to para 15 of Mdm Noraini’s AEIC of 20 November
2019.

283 The defendant makes no submission as to the compensable sum in respect of
Ms Ulpiyah’s salary from May to July 2015 (as claimed at para 15 of Mdm
Noraini’s AEIC dated 20 November 2019). Its only dispute appears to be that
the food expenses claimed are excessive. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

DCS paras 140 - 143.

The plaintiff claims a sum of $1,800 for Ms Ulpiyah’s food on the basis of $20
a day. The sum is rather large and the evidence in support of this sum is
weak. The plaintiff only adduces evidence of some food receipts which provide
no indication as to who consumed the food. I agree with the defendant that a
more appropriate sum for food expenses is $15 a day. The defendant agrees for
the plaintiff to claim a sum of $1,245 for Ms Ulpiyah’s food expenses. I
therefore award this sum.

284 In my judgment, the plaintiff is entitled to claim $6,192.89 in relation
to Ms Ulpiyah, broken down into the following expenses: 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

4BAEIC p 1295 read with DCS para 140.

(a) $2,800 for overseas placement fee (agreed);

(b) $1,414 for agency fee, maid insurance, bond waiver (agreed);

(c) $678.24 for foreign worker levy (agreed);

(d) $55.65 for additional salary (agreed); and

(e) $1,245 for food expenses.

285 The defendant had originally disputed the payment of Ms Ulpiyah’s overseas
placement fee in the course of trial. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

4BAEIC p 1305; NE 12 November 2020 90:10 – 92:13.

This fee had been paid by Mdm Noraini on behalf of Ms Ulpiyah when she first
came to Singapore. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

4BAEIC p 1307.

However, its most current position (as reflected in its closing submissions)
is to agree to compensate the plaintiff for this sum. I agree that this sum is
compensable.

286 As for Ms Ulpiyah’s salary from May to July 2015 quantified at $1,350, 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

4BAEIC p 1295.

Mdm Noraini had conceded under cross-examination that Ms Ulpiyah was not paid
any salary for these months, save for a sum of $22.85 in June 2015 and $32.80
in July 2015 (ie, a total of $55.65 in additional salary, see above at
[284(d)]). This is because Ms Ulpiyah’s salary for those months went towards
paying off the overseas placement fee. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

4BAEIC p 1307; NE 12 November 2020 89:23 – 92:8.

As Ms Ulpiyah did not stay with the family long enough to completely pay off
the overseas placement fee through her monthly salary, I do not award the
plaintiff any compensable sum for Ms Ulpiyah’s salary from May to July 2015,
save for $55.65 which the defendant concedes was paid to Ms Ulpiyah on top of
her monthly salary.

Ms Masriyah

287 For Ms Masriyah, the plaintiff claims a sum of $14,169.38 (see [279]). The
defendant disputes the foreign worker levy, food expenses and other expenses
incurred by Ms Masriyah. It makes no submission as to the compensable sum for
Ms Masriyah’s salary. The defendant takes the view that food expenses should
be compensable at $3,705 (ie, $15 a day for 247 days between 27 August 2015
and 30 April 2015), the foreign worker levy should be compensable at $678.24
and other expenses should be compensable at $250. It agrees to pay the
overseas placement fee of $2,800 and replacement fees, insurance and Settling
in Programme fees (“SIP fees”) totalling $641.50. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

DCS para 143 and 144.

288 In my judgment, the plaintiff is entitled to claim $8,926.06 in relation
to Ms Masriyah, broken down into the following expenses: 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

See 4BAEIC pp 1295 – 1296 as referred to in PCS para 7.5, read with paras 144
– 147.

(a) $3,600 as salary from September 2015 to April 2016 (at $450 a month for
eight months), inclusive of the $2,800 for overseas placement fee.

(b) $641.50 for replacement fee, insurance and SIP fees (agreed).

(c) $2,139.20 for foreign worker levy.

(d) $2,295.36 for food expenses.

(e) $250 for other expenses.

Insofar as I have accepted one party’s figures over the other in relation to
[(a)], [(c)], [(d)] and [(e)] above, these are my reasons.

289 The plaintiff claims the various sums paid to Ms Masriyah by way of her
monthly salaries. As mentioned above at [279], the plaintiff does not provide
a breakdown of the claimed amounts in respect of Ms Masriyah in his closing
submissions and is content to refer to Mdm Noraini’s AEIC of 20 November 2019
at para 15. Mdm Noraini testified in her AEIC that Ms Masriyah’s total salary
from August 2015 to April 2016 was $4,050, at a rate of $450 per month, as
opposed to her total salary of $3,600 from September 2015 to April 2016 as
stated at para 7.5 of the plaintiff’s closing submissions. Based on the
Standard Employment Contract, Ms Masriyah’s salary was $450 per month. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

BAEIC Vol 4 pp 1378 – 1381 (in particular p 1379)

I calculate Ms Masriyah’s salary on the basis of the plaintiff’s claim in his
closing submissions as that represents his most updated position. I therefore
award the plaintiff the sum of $3,600 representing eight months’ worth of Ms
Masriyah’s salary from September 2015 to April 2016.

290 The defendant is amenable to paying the overseas placement fees and has
conceded a sum of $3,705 for food expenses (notwithstanding the fact that the
plaintiff’s own estimate is $2,295.36). In a similar vein to the arrangement
with Ms Ulpiyah (see above at [285]), Ms Masriyah’s monthly salaries from
September 2015 to March 2016 were used to pay off the overseas placement fee
of $2,800. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

4BAEIC p 1370.

While the defendant makes no submission in respect of Ms Masriyah’s
compensable salary across the various months, this is presumably because it
agrees to compensate the plaintiff for Ms Masriyah’s overseas placement fee
worth $2,800. This being the case, to allow the plaintiff to claim both Ms
Masriyah’s monthly salary from September 2015 to March 2016 and the overseas
placement fee would constitute double counting. I therefore disallow the
additional claim for Ms Masriyah’s overseas placement fee over and above her
salary which I have allowed at [289].

291 As for the food expenses, this pertains to incurred expenses and I
therefore award only the sum of $2,295.36 for food expenses for Ms Masriyah as
claimed by the plaintiff. This sum is lower than the defendant’s estimate and
is the ‘revised figure’ put forth by the plaintiff in his closing submissions.
229

##### Foot Note 229

×

PCS para 7.4 at p 90.

292 As for the foreign worker levy, the sum of $678.24 suggested by the
defendant is far too low given that Ms Masriyah had worked from September 2015
to April 2016 and the official monthly rate is $450. I thus accept the sum of
$2,139.20 claimed as it is reasonable.

293 For the “other expenses” incurred by Ms Masriyah, the plaintiff has not
provided any breakdown of how the sum of $783.68 was arrived at. Further, as I
had mentioned above, I am unable to understand how the plaintiff could remove
receipts from the original claim of $394.80 for “other expenses” and still end
up with a higher figure. Even the original figure of $394.80 is suspect as it
includes items such as swimwear, undergarments, 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

4BAEIC p 1495; DCS para 146.

and Skechers shoes. 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

4BAEIC p 1494.

I find the defendant’s figure of $250 to be more reasonable.

294 The plaintiff is accordingly awarded $8,926.06 (see [288] for the
breakdown) in relation to expenses pertaining to Ms Masriyah.

Ms Sulikatun

295 For Ms Sulikatun, the plaintiff claims $6,620.89. I am unable to find a
breakdown of how this figure was arrived at. The plaintiff provides the
following references at para 7.5 of its closing submissions (at p 90):

(a) 4BAEIC 1580: This document is titled “Table of Domestic Helper Expenses”
but there are no references to who this helper is and how the figures in the
table can be cross-checked with documentary evidence.

(b) 6BAEIC 2266 – 2267: These contain a list of various food expenses, but it
is unclear if they were incurred for Ms Sulikatun.

(c) 6BAEIC 2285: This contains a table of foreign worker’s levies. For Ms
Sulikatun, the levies for March 2020 to May 2020 total $896.10 (ie, $296.10 +
$300 + $300). As these are backed by levy bills from the Ministry of Manpower,
I accept that the plaintiff ought to be compensated for $896.10 worth of
foreign worker’s levy. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

6BAEIC p 2298 – 2300.

296 Having regard to the documentary evidence I can find for Ms Sulikatun and
cross-checking it against the “Table of Domestic Helper Expenses” at 4BAEIC
1580, I was able to find some support for the following expenses:

(a) $1,562.11 to the maid agency (inclusive of the deposit previously paid)
for SIP course, medical fees, work permit, insurance etc. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

4BAEIC p 1584.

(b) $3,600 for overseas placement fees. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

4BAEIC p 1585.

(c) $128.40 for insurance. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

4BAEIC p 1587.

297 A further sum of $896.10 for foreign worker’s levy should also be added
per [295(c)] above. Given that Ms Sulikatun worked for the plaintiff from 29
February 2020 to 1 August 2020 (ie, a period of 154 days), it is reasonable to
assume that she incurred food expenses of $15 per day. This works out to
$2,310.

298 The total sum that the plaintiff ought to receive in relation to Ms
Sulikatun is therefore $8,496.61. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

PCS para 7.5.

However, as the plaintiff only seeks the sum of $6,620.89, I award this sum
instead.

Ms Pungki and Ms Erni Marlina

299 As for Ms Pungki, she was unable to come to Singapore due to the COVID-19
pandemic. I am unable to understand how this event, by no means attributable
to the defendant, ought to sound in caregiver costs borne by the defendant. I
disallow this claim entirely.

300 As for Ms Erni Marlina, the expenses associated with her employment were
only revealed to the court and to the defendant after the close of trial in
the plaintiff’s letter dated 18 February 2021. As the plaintiff has not sought
leave to adduce further evidence, I do not think that these sums are properly
claimable and I accordingly disallow them.

301 To summarise, I award the plaintiff $21,739.84 in special damages for
incurred caregiver costs and expenses (ie, $6,192.89 + $8,926.06 + $6,620.89).

Loss of polytechnic fees

302 This is agreed at $1,219.55 and I award this sum as agreed.

Costs of application under the MCA

303 The plaintiff claims $21,411.90 for the costs incurred in the litigation
representatives’ application under s 20 of the Mental Capacity Act (Cap 177A,
2010 Rev Ed) (“MCA”) in FC/OSM 46/2016, comprising professional costs of
$15,000 plus disbursements. The defendant agrees that some award should be
given to the plaintiff for the contested portions of the MCA application and
pegs it at $5,000. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

DCS para 184.

304 It is clear that the MCA application was highly contentious. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

PCS para 1.2 - 1.4.

The plaintiff’s litigation representatives had filed the MCA application on 2
March 2016 and a decision was only rendered on 5 March 2018. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

FC/ORC 1276/2018.

It also resulted in two appeals being filed to the General Division of the
High Court (Family Division), one of which culminating in a judgment published
towards the end of 2018. It is evident the defendant’s contest had caused a
not insignificant amount of delay. As the plaintiff has clarified that the sum
of $21,411.90 sought does not include the costs of the joinder application and
the plaintiff’s subsequent appeal to the High Court in relation thereto, and
is limited only to the MCA application itself, I agree that the plaintiff
should be allowed to claim the sum of $21,411.90 and award this sum
accordingly.

Conclusion

305 To conclude, for all of the reasons set out above, I grant the plaintiff
final judgment in the sum of $2,186,182.40, broken down and as tabulated
below:

S/N | Head of claim | Damages |  Award | Reference paragraph in Judgment   
---|---|---|---|---  
1\. | General| TBI overall | $ 216,000.00 | [114]  
2\. | General| TBI: Structural   
3\. | General| TBI: Psychological   
4\. | General| TBI: Cognitive  
5\. | General| Facial Fractures   
6\. | General| Lung Injuries and UTI  
7\. | General| Lower Limb Injuries   
8\. | General| Multiple Bruises and Lacerations   
9\. | Aggravated| Aggravated damages | Disallowed | [123]  
10\. | General| Loss of Future Earnings plus CPF | $ 1,000,460.00 | [203]  
11\. | General| Loss of marriage prospects | $ 10,000.00 | [204]  
12\. | General| FME: TBI | $ 17,120.66 | [224]  
13\. | General| FME: Orthopaedic injuries | $ 15,420.00 | [239]  
14\. | General| FME: Psychiatric injuries | $ 82,400.00 | [240]  
15\. | General| FME: Left lid ptosis and left contour deformity | $ 9,400.00 | [221]  
16\. | General| Future Transportation Expenses| $ 7,500.00 | [243]  
17\. | General| Future Full-time Domestic Helper | $ 370,800.00 | [247]  
18\. | Special| Medical expenses and related expenses | $ 237,448.03 | [259]  
19\. | Special| Transportation expenses to date and continuing | $ 9,344.23 | [262]  
20\. | Special| Plaintiff's pre-trial loss of income | $ 153,276.00 | [185] and [203]  
21\. | Special| Pre-trial loss of income for Plaintiff's father | Disallowed | [266]  
22\. | Special| Pre-trial loss of income for Plaintiff's mother| $ 3,306.77 | [267]  
23\. | Special| Pre-trial loss of income for Plaintiff's sister | $ 9,335.42 | [272]  
24\. | Special| Cost of caregiver | $ 21,739.84 | [301]  
25\. | Special| Loss of polytechnic fees | $ 1,219.55 | [302]  
26\. | Special| Costs of application under the MCA | $ 21,411.90 | [304]  
Total | $ 2,186,182.40  
  
306 The plaintiff claims interest at the statutory rate of 5.33% per annum in
his closing submissions 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

PCS p 95.

but claims that pre-judgment interest ought to start running from three months
after the date of the filing of the MCA application (ie, from 2 June 2016) as
opposed to the date of filing of the writ (ie, 8 March 2018) 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

PRS para 1.117.

. The defendant makes no submissions on interest. In my view, the defendant
was well within its rights to challenge an application (ie, the MCA
application) which it did not believe ought to be brought. Thus, while I am
prepared to allow pre-judgment interest, I see no reason in this case to award
such interest otherwise than from the date of the writ.

307 Based on the state of play as described above at [306], I allowed pre-
judgment interest on the entire judgment sum of $2,186,182.40, at the rate of
5.33% per annum from the date of the writ in my judgment released originally
on 24 November 2021.

308 After my judgment had been released, counsel for the defendant, Mr Wee,
wrote to the court requesting for further arguments on the question of pre-
judgment interest. Among other points, the defendant submitted that no pre-
judgment interest should be awarded on future losses, relying on the decision
of the House of Lords in Cookson (widow and administratrix of the estate of
Frank Cookson, decd.) v Knowles [1979] 1 AC 556 (“Cookson v Knowles”) at 572 –
573 which was followed by our Court of Appeal in Hitachi Zosen Robin Dockyard
(Pte) Ltd v Lee Pui Keng [1988] 1 SLR(R) 524. Further, in relation to certain
pre-trial special damages, the defendant submitted that pre-judgment interest
should only be awarded at a half-rate, ie, at 2.67% per annum from the date of
the accident, relying on Jefford and another v Gee [1970] 2 QB 130 and Cookson
v Knowles, which were cited with approval in, inter alia, Teo Sing Keng and
another v Sim Ban Kiat [1994] 1 SLR(R) 340 (“Teo Sing Keng”) at [50]–[56]. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Defendant’s Request for Further Arguments dated 25 November 2021.

309 I allowed the plaintiff’s counsel, Ms Sandhu, time to respond to Mr Wee’s
request for further arguments and in the meantime, directed that the parties
were not to extract or perfect the judgment. In the plaintiff’s response, the
plaintiff agreed that no pre-judgment interest should be awarded on future
losses. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter to court dated 3 December 2021 at para 3.

In reply to the other arguments raised by the defendant, the plaintiff
contended simply that the court had a discretion in relation to the award of
pre-judgment interest and that my earlier decision should be maintained.

310 After considering the plaintiff’s response, I acceded to the defendant’s
request for further arguments. At the hearing of the further arguments on 7
December 2021, both Mr Wee and Ms Sandhu agreed that the court possessed the
inherent power to recall its judgment and if necessary, to vary or even
reverse it before the judgment had been perfected – see Thomson Plaza (Pte)
Ltd v Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store Singapore Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) [2001] 2 SLR(R) 246 and Tan Chin Hoon and others v Tan Choo Suan
(in her personal capacity and as executrix of the estate of Tan Kiam Toen,
deceased) and others and other matters [2015] SGHC 306. I accordingly recalled
my earlier judgment and heard the further arguments.

311 It is common ground that no pre-judgment interest should be awarded on
damages for future losses – this would encompass the damages awarded at s/n 10
and 12–17 in the table at [305] above. I therefore vary my earlier decision
and order that no pre-judgment interest is to run on these future losses.

312 It is also common ground that pre-judgment interest on the damages awarded
for pain and suffering (s/n 1–8 in the table at [305]) and for loss of
marriage prospects (s/n 11 in the table at [305]) should accrue at 5.33% per
annum from the date of the writ. As that was my original decision, that order
is to remain unchanged.

313 With regard to the pre-trial losses at s/n 18, 19, 22–26 in the table at
[305], the defendant submits that interest should be awarded at the rate of
2.67% per annum from the date of the accident to the date of judgment. At the
hearing for further arguments, Ms Sandhu accepted that based on the rationale
as explained in the cases mentioned at [307], interest on the abovementioned
heads of special damages should be awarded at the rate of 2.67% per annum from
the date of the accident to the date of judgment. I therefore vary my earlier
decision accordingly and award pre-judgment interest on the damages at s/n 18,
19, 22–26 in the table at [305] at the rate of 2.67% per annum from the date
of the accident to the date of judgment.

314 That leaves the question of pre-judgment interest on the plaintiff’s
damages for pre-trial loss of income (s/n 20 in the table at [305]). Mr Wee
submitted that based on the same rationale that applies to the other claims
for pre-trial losses, pre-judgment interest should accrue on this head of
damages at the rate of 2.67% per annum but from 6 May 2018 which is the date
on which I found that the plaintiff would have entered the workforce but for
the accident. Ms Sandhu disagreed. She maintained that the court has a
discretion when it came to pre-judgment interest for pre-trial loss of income
and given that the award for pre-trial loss of income had already factored a
discount rate into it, this was an instance where the court should exercise
its discretion and allow interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of the
writ. Mr Wee countered that this submission was illogical. The rationale
behind awarding interest at a half-rate was, inter alia, that the loss was
accumulated over time (ie, between the date when the plaintiff would have
started employment and the date of the trial) as opposed to a lumpsum loss. Mr
Wee also submitted that as with all other instances where the court exercises
its discretionary powers, the discretion must be exercised judicially, and
awarding interest at half-rate from 6 May 2018 would be consistent with the
rationale and principles enunciated by caselaw.

315 I agree with Mr Wee and see no reason to apply a different rationale to
the pre-judgment interest for the plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of income. I note
that in Teo Sing Keng at [50], the Court of Appeal allowed interest at the
then prevailing half rate of 3% per annum from the date of the accident.
However, this can be explained by the fact that the plaintiff in Teo Sing Keng
was already employed at the time of the accident. Accordingly, I award pre-
judgment interest on the plaintiff’s pre-trial loss of income (s/n 20 in the
table at [305]) at the rate of 2.67% per annum from 6 May 2018 to the date of
judgment.

316 Prior to the further arguments hearing, Mr Wee indicated to the court for
the first time that the defendant also wished to address the court on how
various interim payments made by the defendant to the plaintiff, amounting to
$480,000, should be accounted for in the damages that I had awarded, ie,
whether they should be deducted from the general damages or special damages
that had been awarded. I agreed to hear arguments on this issue also and
pointed out to both counsel at the hearing that this was clearly a relevant
point that should have been brought to the court’s attention in their closing
written submissions, as opposed to surfacing it belatedly post-judgment by way
of further arguments.

317 Mr Wee submitted that following the decision of Justice Tay Yong Kwang (as
he then was) in Quek Yen Fei Kenneth v Yeo Chye Huat [2016] 3 SLR 1106
(“Kenneth Quek (HC)”), the interim payments should be first applied towards
the damages for pain and suffering. He acknowledged that none of the interim
payments (paid in three tranches between April 2016 and January 2021 in the
amounts of $180,000, $100,000 and $200,000 respectively) was made specifically
on account of any particular item of special damages (for example,
hospitalisation or other medical expenses). Thus, following the approach of
Tay J in Kenneth Quek (HC)at [120], the interim payments should first be
deducted from the award for general damages for pain and suffering, and
thereafter from the pre-trial special damages. Mr Wee submitted that it would
be wrong to apply any part of the interim payments to the damages for future
losses. In his submission, interim payments in personal injury cases were
almost always ordered in relation to either general damages for pain and
suffering or for special damages as they are, in a sense, accrued losses as
opposed to future losses which are unascertained.

318 Ms Sandhu disagreed. She submitted that the first payment of $180,000 made
by cheque which the plaintiff banked in on 25 April 2016 should be applied
towards the special damages and the remaining $300,000 towards general
damages. Ms Sandhu contended that there was no reason why the court could not
deduct the interim payments from any component of general damages, including
the damages for future loss of earnings.

319 I broadly agree with the defendant’s submissions. One of the purposes of
making interim payments is so that the defendant can reduce his liability for
interest, and in particular, pre-judgment interest. Following the approach in
Kenneth Quek (HC), the first interim payment of $180,000 and part of the
second interim payment of $100,000 are to be deducted from the award of
general damages for pain and suffering (including loss of marriage prospects)
totalling $226,000.

320 After making the deduction at [319], the balance remaining from the second
interim payment is $54,000. The third interim payment amounted to $200,000.
The total remaining interim payment of $254,000 is to be deducted sequentially
from the heads of special damages awarded at s/n 18–20 in the table at [305]
until the balance of the interim payments made are exhausted.

321 The pre-judgment interest computations on the general damages for pain and
suffering referred to at [319] and the special damages referred to at [320]
are to take into account when the interim payments were made. If the parties
are unable to agree on the interest computations based on my decision above, I
reserve to the parties the liberty to come back before me to have the interest
computation issue decided.

322 I end with some final comments. In quantifying the damages that a personal
injury claimant ought to receive, the court is bound to apply the civil
standard of proof on a balance of probabilities to assess his loss. The court
strives, as far as possible, to provide compensation in monetary terms for the
misfortune that has befallen the claimant as a result of the tort. However,
the reality is that a monetary award will never truly be able to place the
claimant in a position as if the tort had never occurred; nor can the court
gaze into a crystal ball and determine definitively what may lie in the
claimant’s future. This is especially in a case where the claimant suffers
serious and permanent injuries. Nonetheless, the court does its best to
provide the claimant fair compensation in accordance with the established
legal principles.

323 The conclusions I have reached and the amounts I have awarded the
plaintiff in this judgment, in particular those pertaining to his future
employment prospects, are not meant to be foolproof predictions of the future.
Rather, the conclusions are based on what this court thinks is more likely
than not to occur (or which has already occurred), based on the evidence
before it. Adam has displayed remarkable and commendable tenacity in
recovering from some of his very serious injuries and in attempting to return
to his pre-accident life. In this regard, he has no doubt been aided by the
strong and enduring support and affection of his family members. One need look
no further than the attempts made by Adam to return to his studies in the
polytechnic after the accident. It is my fervent hope that Adam will not allow
this accident and its effects, debilitating and long-lasting as they are, to
define the rest of his life.

324 I shall decide the question of costs separately.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Viviene Kaur Sandhu and Michelle Kaur (Clifford Law LLP) for the plaintiff;

Anthony Wee and Pang Weng Fong (Titanium Law Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 23 Dec 2021 (10:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

